come here get this fucking fuck let me
see Wow girl are you going to quill
we're gonna have to have a class on
communication Joe I know that I'm
realizing why listening to that and
experiencing what we experienced I know
there needs to be a piece of
communication so I was going to take the
hit for that one well I was happy that
everyone was willing to take the hit but
we need to actually find out who should
be deserving of the hit so that we don't
hit them now when we fix the problem I
know we're all about stick some problems
here it's Phil DeFranco so let's go on
to the Phil let's look at the schedule
so I just did add-ons and fixes to the
Friday show we usually like to film that
out Wednesday afternoon Thursday
afternoon and then I like to kind of
like Pat it in the beginning with a
current story just so it's not just
going through comments but let's see you
get a meeting this morning with
Azumi sponsoring some of the shows in a
September I have a haircut at noon move
we got a meeting it 1:30 to 2:30 but
then somehow at the same time having a
meeting from 2 to 3 and I'm a cool 4
from 3 to 4 on I don't know how to talk
about but I have done another call
cold a man and I guess in the myth in
the middle of that everyone's just going
to be a working on some of the new new
content what sitting today debate with
well show and we have animator starting
next week Tuesday Monday Tuesday who a
new editor Oh schmuck we're they going
to sit we should set that up bathroom
there there no she put in the bath and
so you know every one of these vlogs I'm
slowly dying it look really cliff you
soo-min on my I become part of me diced
you for one part of you does almost at
the level of debt inside of Zack I think
that Zacks like the lied but you just
doesn't know good nice
the office had way too much energy
look it is like wow really
so Wow well fill out those vlogs I'm
gonna be nice and fun what a random
scenes kind like a cutting room floor
one get this fucking bug let me see ah
wrong some girl need like saran wrap
whoa whoa yeah anyone little friendly
you know there's a good thing there's a
big crevasse underneath this doll right
now it's just a hat oh you're sweet
right I'll let you come out I won't
scare you did you poop yourself again
you might go in there it's been much
progress yeah all right you know like
bugs really foxy in the gum if if you
came at me with those it's very Managua
climate I'm putting back in the car wash
on walls so you might want to cure a
fire I just a glass how about we in its
honor we make the human centipede bed
and watch it suffocate just do that I'm
here to kill an innocent folk murder it
I will murder anymore no weird how long
boys are good no oh it is kind of pretty
though if you gonna die I like to roll
up our key ready oh my god it's coming
closer let's prime up it yeah he said
these things are faster shit nor has
been closed I think I thought about it
it seals in a cup what if you got caught
in your hair people fucking feel my hair
on Friday
oh fuck that
we saw my weakness guys probably
shouldn't be on Friday I've never ever
in my life I'm sitting on my couch I
have been my whole for before hours how
like what's in my hair bigger than that
what you do know I mean I guess you
wouldn't say how how well we got a lot
of blood here there could be a lollipop
in here doesn't like I'll know it's in
here could be another person in there
could be in there with the party of
insulation oh my god come some more now
did I what up is there holy shit I can't
30 more times three more three more
three more needs three more three so
what is this for loop the soundproofing
so that we don't have to hear each other
talk anymore so what are we going to do
I think we need more
this is recycled denim we have fiber
left so it's more psychologically
friendly and it was also soundproof so
nice and super breathable because it was
worn by hipsters jumping is that cool
liquor bottle stuff yeah so if we move
the liquor bottles and sure I don't see
why not
we make some pants out of them Zach
stick it again and you guys know how to
install you just lay it up top I'm good
what is that Phil we got a youtube
yearbook to make the cut just like a
bunch of pictures of YouTube channel
logos what's so interesting is yet
sxephil is not in here only the Philly D
channel is injured I don't know if it's
because maybe all of these people hit
over a thousand or over a million for
you to realize or the secured your book
they put half of us in the yearbook
maybe they'll put half of me in YouTube
rewind it's gonna be one second like hey
stop you
oh my god this is like it's like poorly
done to so it's like who could forget
your first video it's like this horrible
blooper video but then says your biggest
fan communities United States Canada
United Kingdom here's the best part
things got real when you held that
silver button and you got it on january
first nineteen
get those do you remember do you
remember when we invented YouTube but
then didn't release it for years and
years you weren't even born in 1970 nose
work no one that exists on YouTube was
alive okay Thank You YouTube I literally
I just wanted to say today I was walking
by and kind of just like a doctor but
like when you're just working at that
computer like this work like that when
you see when you saw kind of blown out
you look like you're like the office
doctor I am the doctor the doctor of my
doctor polster's I recommend everyone
has two shots of tequila also a change
yeah I should good doctors what is like
pills and cake SWAT you know so doctors
prescribed you cakes and doughnuts and
then for dessert we eat pills imagine
like instead of having to go in for a
shot just being like going and breaking
up you doing fill all this done need a
pair of pants to fill stop being fucking
creepy dude fucking walk by like this
all I see is Darren and I'll buy you
some pants Phil can you can paint wash
your eyebrows Ohio it's here now get
that checked out tell you need help I'm
guess you're a Vegas and you know what
smell my finger get that I'm Doug checks
out okay bro Rick Briana what are we
doing are we bringing anyone else you're
going to drive
look at this booth days days mitogen he
hiked over 100 miles with me he's driven
across the country with me he's more
loyal than most of my friends know is by
my side
I mean vegetables think doable I don't
like this fuckin adult wouldn't you
don't like vegetable 25 I don't like
vegetables
what's the healthiest thing you've eaten
in the past week yesterday I went to a
place in Melbourne I got a kale Caesar
salad
well sort of a little vegetables no
there's no leads which just dressing a
kurta and chicken my name here bag
mother pizza is my name's Tess and I
applied a standard grater but doing a
makeup yet he likes it yes I like being
the camera guy we're not have to carry
six watch people carry everything
it's a piece of pizza party everybody
hidden talents any hidden talents we're
doing my job I can comment on hand okay
well let me see if then that sounds like
something else okay I think we're good I
can say cross like for a really long
time okay well we don't have a really
long time that's pretty good then maybe
the other one hold on that's a little
more difficult that was oh my god this
is kind of creepy okay you got a talent
you got like a special talents I used to
be able to put my fist in my mouth which
I was really impressed when people were
impressed with that but then as I grew
up I thought what I would do in hidden
talents any hidden talents yeah I got
three if we have to get closest to hear
this okay I go here okay like a babbling
brook that's pretty cool pretty sweet
right okay
hello Rebecca bird okay let's let's do
it all right who's next anything so
you've saved the board but I don't want
to do that on the internet just for
YouTube not red cube exactly but then
what were you saying
I could probably balance this chair on
my chin on this ceratin yes
get closer okay no I don't need you here
we go
hey I'll be Han hey he's right how would
that have come out for you to realize
that you can do that why you still want
to be in the circus
no I tried to find something to do so I
could go through college
I can do that like on a unicycle didn't
I bring it with me I'm gonna catch that
what happened Breanna is like I'm an
American an honorary I'm gonna get
honorary Sally yeah she was she was
gesturing to an email like what the fuck
is that about the fuck I was like
everyday more like mother fucker
it's like when James Gunn's violently
angry at a premiere when it doesn't do
something that he wants and he's like
really again really again you've done
this to me yeah I'm trying to get out of
my chair and paint around just going in
a circle because I've done with this
film and don't with it I draw my chair
it was actually my 15th match cause the
range fuck's up show what you need for
me I don't know I gotta go into the
elite meeting how you do can I join you
in that meeting per second let's see you
go in hey everybody I guess looks like
you guys are busy
I like how everybody else is wearing
white you're wearing pink silk she was
the other thing
all right well have a good meeting
everybody bye
no blood I almost hit my fingers I mean
I don't leave vegetables when was my age
had to do with that I'm just saying like
what you like six like I don't want to
eat raw sprouts
my mom used to make carrots should bake
them in butter and cinnamon I like those
broccolis okay when attention
