three one two three what all right wrap
your pig while doing it without paper to
this mill fastest hit in last night oh
that and that we're going on to an orgy
motors trying to protect these kids
we're being mugged
yeah and I got out of my great prep hit
in the head with a bat you got in the
head of the bed I hate it
I forget how horrible migraines are
because I'm like everything's good and
then after like three months is randomly
Oh No that's I've been those you know
protecting those kids till seven
statehood that I like a good jump from
who has a migraine so close Batman like
I seen Batman chill in the same room
that is true mr.
I think the leaves early you know maybe
he has a call he's got if you had it
earlier this week yeah like an Avenger
y'all beat up this week guys you see
what Batman said that's just crazy today
you know what today is Joe Oh other than
Phil has a migraine damn it today is
someone can win a fucking mattress well
not not the audience sorry audience
someone in this office can win a
mattress absolutely today's episode is
sponsored by Casper oh yeah not the
ghost of a plantar's company with over
20,000 reviews in an average of 4.8
stars free shipping and returns in the
USA and Canada 109 trial with free no
hassle returns to be not happy and if
you use Casper calm slash ability you
get $50 off the first mattress purchase
use promo code Billy Dee at checkout
hashtag spots we already have a Castro
mattress at our houses Trey's new bed
really does a whole video on it
it's your new bedroom oh my goodness
do you love it but I figured it'd be a
something cool to do for someone at the
office but we only have one and we have
four people that want it we want we have
Joe we have what's your name yeah Wow
vibrate I don't who you are right now
we have this white guy over here come on
white lady in the corner and Zach why is
that how is that the only person I named
also that I go that is pretty good I'm
so done so I figured it's the only ways
that I can decide who actually get this
is a game as old as time to the down
first one to die losers labor oxes and
the reason we're having to do it because
everyone wants the same size mat except
Joe Joe wants a Cal King
everyone else is flying with the Queen I
have a woman I get asleep next to it
when I sleep I got to be like a mile
away from nothing could touch me people
of the planet over the couch King that
will be very much the situation so I
guess the who should go first
probably not you I'll be like oh she
take care of you soon her opponents best
out of three nor Matt we are working
with is a Rock Paper Scissors shoot
it is a fort he's not listening and
watching this readership boom you can
only use one of three rock paper or
scissors it's no dynamite there's no
whammies all right so what we do - all
right let's try it out
my favorite sister shit Rock Paper
Scissors shoot
Rock Paper Scissors shoot
Rock Paper Scissors shoot Oh coated
death it's coming down do it
I mark you shoot I got no sleeping on
the floor that had advanced a little
quick yeah Zacky me okay look at a
handle the camera that I can't hang on
oh yeah are you still do you think
but it comes down does it puts that fun
I change the rules just really what Joe
it down Joe is down ah
don't bring the powder he'll bring the
back ah my either Texas look use it with
one more 10 Joe and bring it back
Comfort can you feel the support
he is life organized a little Joe feels
great winner of the day yeah no you won
both a fantastic mattress and keep
coming to your home to film your bed
you're going to see where I live where
are we going we going to your bedroom
yes yeah yeah yeah you guys are better
than after well yeah that's stop - we'll
just go a bunch of best bidder and then
Phil's bedroom for third whoo hey I'm up
here I'm going to buzz the things I
forgot the key here's where everybody
dedication home beautiful life what's up
one of my place what is he doing what
are you guys doing before I can I mean
it was just you know yeah yeah and
there's a bed in the room also has a bed
my show at Pakistan but actually we're
not going to have a bug spray collective
is really wanted black Spencer you wanna
see where is that coming out of Mary
yeah well let's take off our shoes right
oh yeah he's an asshole
look it's going to go in here then we
got Casper mattress right here that
really one boogie with the
rock-paper-scissors go to the back of
the piece all right all right comfy too
long
alright hope everything comes out all
right good do my best
oh yeah get that blood oh oh wait you
can't the cards like a wedding card
fuelling better days with better dreams
welcome to the campus family getting
weapons our personal mattress man or any
instructions education posted a picture
unpacking Casper in the room where you
plan to sleep it like rebels guys will
open in the kitchen is it why don't we
bad
he works with a rest and a thick white
seed carefully snip along being and care
it opens up sit on the bed for the
center gear I birth child I confer the
mattress oh look at him doing it that
one step one we go like a cut in the
wedding day and over minor minor is
yours how is it
oh man oh hey I'll eat you like a
tempurpedic a little more bouncy made a
little bit more support than a
tempurpedic which I like you want to
know how we really sleep though like it
one tiny sliver of the bed no no right
not like you usually do
yes that's right we hold hands when we
sleep so not even I get a foot I get a
toe I guess Roker but then your feet get
really hot so that I have a bank account
yeah we're doing moves away you know I
never used to get a joke on the bed
child ain't nobody gonna yell at me now
you want to feel something moving I'm
sorry and you cannot it also your work
okay so I need a wallet mm-hmm all right
break it up lovebirds okay cool yeah
we're good thank you
all right I think we're gonna go back to
the office now
okay thanks baby and thanks to mr.
Casper and mr. Philip DeFranco yeah hey
Phil hi Joe keep you're working on the
wall you're building the walls right I'm
just coming in double-checking I guess
what what we just installed the Casper
mattress okay yeah it was awesome I love
how it blows up it's like the trickiest
thing in the world yet when we got trays
it makes no sense yeah it was cool
because I didn't realize it but it
started like going up getting bigger you
are accurately describing the words that
you say Justin I love it my dog loves it
that's the main thing I want to make
sure your dog yeah I also guess what
what I have to say Casper complex really
do you second time he was that URL to
say $50 on a Casper mattress and
remember to use promo code Philly do you
check out in case you weren't listening
the first time which how dare you I'm
leaving this video offended well that'll
ruin my day
I should never let you
paper-rock-scissors your way to comfort
that could be their new slogan yeah so
here's the thing Philip DeFranco Joe
nation they killed it with this
paper-rock-scissors thing have you heard
about paper-rock-scissors came up with
our whole new tagline based off of this
video love it new slogan alright so well
thanks again for the message don't thank
me thank your amazing
paper-rock-scissors skill and also I
guess technically me changing the rules
in the finals which maybe maybe we
should get Danny the mattress yeah oh
you're good
