yeah I wasn't that bad right that way
you say to all the ladies after hey Dago
it's a day that exists in the world but
it's good in general good night you went
into thank you you look great and I
figured I'd dress up like a grown-up
this week what like a new life happened
they gave me the confidence with a pink
shirt Phil I think you got to be pretty
insecure or pretty young and it's not
knowledgeable about the world be like
you or prank and we're pretty fucking
collar man less cool little you can a
pink Phil you know today is what is it
actually related or is that just a
horrible trans this is a real adventure
in jessamine for some what is today it's
a national leafblower day Phil it's like
I got that oh right here is it bad but I
just didn't recognize it was a fucking
leaf blower in the office is quite
question so we skipped tequila day you
jump straight to this yeah who wants to
get drunk up tequila when you can have a
leaf blower in the office wait how are
you going to celebrate we're going to
blow some leaves Phil we're gonna I have
a truck coming coming Astro living one
ton of leaves
Phil if you if you actually spent money
on this after the meetings I just went
through how much shows a glove get blown
in the face though no no way that
sentence could be received in a way that
I go yes I'll blow other people know
okay that sounds weird we'll make it
happen
I think you had it was okay how are you
today you know today is do I want to
know what are you gonna do all right I
got a leaf blower cuz it's nationally
blow today okay I feel like there's a
lot of questions I have right now
including not only what but also why I
want but it's really convenient product
right I'll leave for yeah it seems love
I think the main a question of concern
because I know we have one in office is
why do we have one in office and I'm
going to go ahead and tell the audience
we're never going to tell you in
technical terms of the leaf blower do
you wanna get blown sure Joe
wasn't that bad right that way you say
to all the ladies after the gym okay do
you need a flow it's nationally flow
today oh really
no not really have you ever owned a leaf
blower I have on a leaf blower back home
in Chicago I'm going to blow the bleep
blow now okay all right
that's a weird shit I was scared to
breathe can't breathe it's gonna hold
your breath for a while oh now we're
going to horse around a little bit all
right
you didn't get it for that sick pun if I
start clapping that's went pay for it it
means I can't breathe I use the same
tactic in the bedrooms it's not an
applause please stop
all right take funny Briana you want in
on this I'm gonna be okay guys love you
so let's let's missus machinery wouldn't
work all right time
you're doing so scary looking going
right at you okay Brian do you hot need
me to cool you all
you better yep perfect
say bye-bye to Brian's here you're gonna
cut your hair who's gonna donate it I'm
gonna do that right I think we need to
get one more shot of your hair being you
can do a RIT fan would Bob really like
your hair we could put it in a bag and
send it to and we did that with Steve
there goes up we put his beard hair in a
bag and send it to a friend
we'll leave it at the salon I think we
need to do one more dedication to you
later
I feel like I do
refresh don't you blew all the hair plan
that I get haircut I look using some
help look at Steve scan rod hi did you
find one yeah I got one
okay good you know I'm trying to do I
think I have an idea
stop shitting
oh hey Ryan
that's all Hillary I got a question
there you go
great leaf blower day first wanna
celebrate it with you it's my birthday
I'm sorry girl I'm sorry you want to do
like a full-on blown out like face
appeal whatever whatever
oh my god um I feel blown for sure
hi guys having a good line
it's good
my god blames everybody we don't need
any power
let's feel pretty good my eyes are very
dry now best I've ever had been blown at
work hook up the research hey why would
they you know thank you much appreciated
the Kimura grip okay Joe so you got a
little bit of dust there in here you
know now judges in another part of the
room but driving weaves and you know Joe
you doing we're gonna see if we can blow
the back up with that let me try to blow
it up
yeah so to blow it up this is gonna go
south all right
right to Elias great miss the strong
balloon Oh spicy me now it's my turn
yeah do you need a bag of chips
would you reconsider you could take it
the fuck outside come at it we're going
to blow outside leaves dirt each other
we don't care one plug outside so we
have I think weekly blowers meant to be
in here why do we even have one
uh well you insisted upon taking it what
do we most south because I've always
wanted to do this
nationally Florida glad you drinks our
country today I've been holding off for
a while but especially national will be
bloated yeah crowd is happy for you
thank you that is what I found
hate that would kind of suck what else
could we blow up we have condom all
right we have banana split sorry mom I
don't know how to use a cooler than this
before that was quick that big red
balloon would have make a much better
protection against having babies here on
you to look no do another one
Nick chocolate in the chocolate
strawberry oh sure okay Island Park
let's do it who I wouldn't push down
glass
they're not fucking with bananas we're
just was like no big mission to a more
fight this is chocolate strawberry
that's why we use condom Phil been a
pretty good successful day just man
doing much for you he needs a little
extra power you didn't do that thing
where you go straight towards on this
mountain did you know I wouldn't do that
I wouldn't abuse people like that we
could blind Lee believe you unless
someone comes to complain - yeah and you
don't watch these videos at all so yeah
no we have doing try it real quick -
sure
there we go really slower its weak you
think you're bleep up
and you want to close like that okay
ready here we go start doing this show
accident
pretty good did my hair actually even
move oh yeah it was blowing in the wind
no I actually have a confession to make
one today isn't actually naturally
blurred I just made it up you made a day
yeah I made it up Phil but I made this
declaration I think that today should be
the official national holiday and I want
you to announce it to the nation and
then hit on it this is the stupidest
thing you could have done you stuck with
the this is insert day day then you
decide to make up a holiday and then you
decide national leaf blue hey he was oh
fuck
I told bad that I was lying to you till
today it wasn't really they would didn't
really have a national day so I figured
we'd make the official national day just
sign that document read the document
we'll make it official Phil you know how
you do that you just tweet it and then
apparently that's how the thing is all
of a sudden real you could have done
anything you could have done anything
and you set your eyes on the ground
I said leaves only then I want to blow
them away oh it's two videos after I
said you're the chief fun officer and
your idea of fun is national leaf blower
day I can cosign it for you this is the
example of you you tell someone they're
doing like a good job or something
and they start taking too serious then
they fail you thought this was a failure
Phil watch the video we'll see if it's a
failure Phil
Brianna can you find out how and what
steps we have to go to to get rid of
somebody legally well it was a good day
and I promise I won't ever lie about the
national days again I said Oh what do
you want for me Joe this is a little
weirdest thing it's alright so I learned
from this experience how about this in
the comments down below let me know what
national holiday you think that we
should we should make and then we can
make that day but fuck it if you think
that I'm going to make national
leafblower day a day we can make as many
as we want but I like this idea
maybe national still day I'll write up a
declaration just for you alright so this
video ended for max it looks like we are
gonna kill away I see you talking Matt I
was going to say this night table needs
to be
reordered a little bit
