oh no I can straight out see it is bad
that's like one of the horns right I
literally don't trust ya hey boom what
up how you doing today good set up for a
live stream should be fun so we got all
these kit kats know you like kid kids
any other one when the nation just gives
you a video i this one's from westin
harvey hope for kpop fuck you fuck you
right in your fucking face
alright and then the video idea like eat
this chocolate and let us know what you
think about the chocolate love chocolate
Phil yeah I'm trying to stay away from
it no you like keep going the jamila
been working out yeah that's good so
just putting some muscle underneath all
that fat it's all good right out if
you're going to do some of that I thank
you to let other people eat it what
other people try alright I understand
I'm you're training for the Ironman on
the horse yes that'd be awesome so I
believe in you thank you coal fell so
yeah we're gonna do a little taste test
and you don't have to taste them but I
just want to let you know that that's
what we're going to do today perfect we
have riveting riveting content we're
making ribbon I'm jealous
I'm just looking I'm looking at all of
them maybe try like a little like a nip
the nipple visit yeah I just got a
chocolate that baby onesie it goes oh
you talk even though I they joke I was
going take you how are you I'm good this
is fun maybe we should get you a little
portable speaker yeah well I do would
you want to taste it we have like four
flavors here if they have to guess what
the flavor is but they're weird flavors
okay we have lucky eastery sounds great
a strawberry cheesecake a Japanese sake
then a cookies and cream okay look good
right now I'm good together tear a
little weird so you want to help me
here's the cheat sheet
okay let's let's do it let's bring them
like key let me just wrap my iMac to my
back of them all will go sounds good hey
Hilary how are you nice we've got some
candy that was from Japan that was sent
to us from a US Navy sailors stationed
over there so we've got four flavors
like one and guess what you could get
yes what'd you think it is I don't know
what the flavors
so let's try like over the song don't
look at the label don't look on a label
little weird so is there a picture of
one of the label that's like scissors
home no we should we grow he's gonna be
like onion or something oh no I can
straight out see it that's like one of
those little words right I literally
don't trust you um there's something
there's like a weird underlying no this
is the worst I don't know it's bad it's
gonna be battement Oh like taking
medicine
I myself don't taste bad that's the word
it was a weird no it's like not vanilla
but it's like closer to you maybe I
don't know chai it is okay
oh that's like alcohol oh okay I'm fine
with that you should be sober
I love looks like what a little Magus
you know it definitely was convinced
that it was bugs how drunk are you I'm
you pretty drugged at this point but I
got a date today well that's miss your
KitKat sent from Japan so you got like
the sake of flavors amid flavor all the
funky one motherfucker so you guys don't
look at it I'm not just gonna be
anything some bugs too like oil oh it
doesn't smell good
it's like alcohol rubbing alcohol I'm
never gonna guess what that is regular
chocolate flavor
cuz I closed with alcohol in Japan oh
come on euro I say don't even smell it
just go to the bite hope you like the
book oh oh yeah I think we could you in
cream as well we'll take already they're
not France
don't look at it I promise just really
like vanilla esque there's something
else here vanilla with like some like
rose waters rose boy knows our mouth
rose water it's a flavor like Oreo
a little bit of Oreo - lets go right
cause you just enjoined something
and money my son like a beard oh that's
weird okay what are we doing are you
interested in trying some Japanese Kit
Kat flavors no but I'll do it anyways
let's give them the weird one with a bug
okay cool just has anal glands of a
beaver here's like butterscotch and
correct I'm right that's like I'm right
up on what animal is it beaver right up
on the being on ravers sort of mid
prostate act we have three guesses you
said what anal beads it tastes like a
beavers ass you kind of close to this
then ocean close to the butterscotch you
kind of close with the idea of a beaver
like beaver right that what do you think
about it beaver this is a sexual jokes
about no no no no well actually if you
think about it you're never going to get
this just go for it go till two more
guests I've no idea
think of a beaver okay think of an
animal and then also you give beaver the
the the sexual metaphor of a beaver and
think of a holiday right holiday involve
Easter what does it have to do with a
female bottom part what is a highlight
user eggs Easter Bunny a that's what
this flavor is supposed to be easier I
don't know the actual name sure lucky
Eastern and how how do you how do you
come up with a flavor of Lucky's or
someone was like mmm
this tastes like luck to you I don't
know what like should be stirred
basically one more alright cool that
looks scrumdiddlyumptious tastes like
strawberries strawberry wood
strawberries covered in frosting so bad
were these from Japan
strawberry cheesecake then look at that
blue everybody videos everything how
many of you my each wanted to you want
to okay
depression it's like Sony it tastes like
fucking what's their alcohol sake it
he's like shocking do you like it though
no not at all if I go two for two
alright beautiful pink boy came a little
a little melted no this one I think has
worms
okey shit and a strawberry half of it
once your snorted do a cool at home I'll
typically missed attraction now you got
to figure out the other cookie for
strawberry cheesecake with a little side
of floor games you gain around here or
can't look in
you got three guesses what's the first
word comes to mind
it's hard to tell it's like we freeze a
KitKat it isn't I can't get any notes if
it were a bug what bug we think it would
be that bad in Japan
green tea Kit Kat I agree okay but
there's a beverage oh now I can kind of
kind of taste it but I would never
figure it out on my own
who wants to go first region don't look
put it in your mouth okay immediately
the smells here what was it taste like
yeah it was the first season rubbing
alcohol we got one of the words right
yeah I did now I hear this fucker now
you're like yeah you're Zack now really
long first on the cleanse my palate
look everything taste is great cooler oh
that's fun right bill on the ground that
opened up earlier and it's just too
strong of a smell
Oh what is that and enjoy to a funeral
oh god damn what did where I don't know
I don't like anything I understand you
don't like the resurrection of Jesus all
right so I have to go make us money Joe
oh good with goodbyes all the money then
CFO here the king of making us money the
fresh face of sprite Cola is it all that
was well you gotta pick up too quick yes
caramel
no try again vanilla white chocolate
Ray's reveal it yeah lucky Easter laughs
I cannot you ever heard of a luckier
Easter flavor all right that which ones
that okay guys well now my hands are wet
and the cool refreshing bright colors is
the same color where you think alcohol
what alcohol Japanese here that's when
we suspend Japanese targeted its oh shit
basically thank you boys can you play
the space noise again stateless
it's very loud whoo
