so how you doing today I closed that
hand it's okay
yes there's laughter in the background
definitely not beating my employees
today so I have a question yes
Comic Cons here are we go if we were
going we would have already flat we went
to VidCon would you open gasps oh you
don't go to we go to every comic-con but
because we're not really going
entertainment first goodness this year
this is an opportunity oh you're angry I
got a text message today hey Phil are
you going to San Diego comic-con
they're partying with the cast of Game
of Thrones and the creators of Rick and
Morty if you would like to go hope you
are good really
I'll have an idea how about we we have
our own comic-con what does that even
mean I got to figure that out but I just
figured if we're not going to comic-con
I never experienced it we did say step
it's a spell let's just put out a big
tweet - let's have a comic-con you know
not so that's the last thing if you want
to do something I'm fine with it
okay you know what as long as fuck it
we're gonna have a great comic-con Phil
I keep we do we do organizing and
finding things that are not finding so
is it all right it looks like something
that the gynecologist would you I look
at let me sit on for fun anyway so
either when I go and calm down that
we're not going on yeah no and I was too
sick to go to VidCon today so I had an
idea that we bring comic-con here
instead to the office yes but I've never
been so I don't know what the hell we're
supposed to do people dress up in
costumes people go to the booth just go
to panels with famous movie stars sound
like a like a big town like VidCon times
housing have like real famous people
yeah and Jake poll hey Paula
my man ruining our casting good do you
want I like go to maybe get some
costumes but yeah I guess we can have a
booth right yeah we get like a roofie
that can be a little bit
Eve it would fail as my first job all
right so so boots panels and parties and
boots yeah all right the wore it I think
we did it
I need your help so we're not going to
comic-con on record so we're going to
bring comic-con here we have to make
like schedule through on what a booth
screening of a trailer and maybe like a
panel and push for the star can you
start working on them there's other
stuff you have to do maybe what help
other stuff you have to do I think it's
this okay yeah I mean one more thing we
need props and cosplay costumes oh just
that yeah use money into the fan yes
this could be Captain America right
that's like the rarity that's birthday
that's not that it's technically Comic
Cons birthday do you think about it sure
nice mannequin booth what do you try to
have this look like with the boots of
kumkum usually look like like an
old-school kissing kissing booth talking
about oh I'm so excited I'm council
you're a vertical cut master
all right there we go
Arbutus come together as if you dope
we're kind of going with a carnival
theme booth right so I'm going to hand
out some s I'm just going to keep
flowing these up so we can have a good
time across County College Hill so far
things going pretty well for a comic ah
all you've been doing stuff oh yeah we
are electric is that I got to assume an
Iron Man mask okay we have a schedule
that we made your Comic Con is 20
minutes originally was that 12 but we
were running a little late so we had to
push the schedule back a little bit well
I appreciate that you you had the easy
fix
done yeah it ended like 16 times so
who's what boot we rebuilt a boot so a
little prize area we can do any win win
prizes
I'm gonna I think that you haven't got a
new job title you are the Evod shooter /
CF up CFO chief fun officer hey I like
that so you got a yes good we're gonna
make you a card then make a pay raise
another kid that people think that it's
a chief financial officer yeah if I said
you'll be like no it's fun maybe I'll
work towards the financial officer well
I do spend the money I know how to spend
the money - how much money do you sign
it was under 100 think about if we all
went to comic-con oh yeah we've been the
loss of thousands of dollars yeah $400
we got 16 people in Tomica so whole
experience you just saved us thousands
of dollars you're essentially you're the
CFO and to it yep
all right so well what are you excited
for on that schedule you're gonna like
the pen what are you screening the
secret fill it's coming and you know
that I'm filming for the rest of the day
yeah yeah yeah yeah I know you're busy
guy so you know maybe you can stop by
the booth have fun i 100% be there all
right gang welcome to comic-con Vicky
Ryan which give you want up at me I'm
Clark Wayne or Amanda
the perfect yeah just for you all is
hurt here's the schedule for today okay
tamo Congo god damn it that's fucking
scary
hey I'm here to save you come with me
ready for comic Comic Con
one at all I am areal House of the
Filippenko Party booth who would like to
take their chances on the wheel come on
let's take a pen shall we like describe
the bag right here authorities in
support I got my monkeys in a barrel I'm
happy successful comic oh yeah you
wouldn't anything no now we're going to
go on to the the trailer screening may
be similar
it's littler okay all right here we go
oh my god
hooking up is a new college web serie to
starting all of your favorite internet
celebrities they'll laugh they'll scream
they'll fight they'll go to class and
get fake IDs they'll party and get
frisky they'll also know I've heard like
just a hint of it not man I went I
regret approving this part nomicon so
party success we got one more thing
about just the panel that's it who's on
the panel all right you guys ready like
a panel perfect this is a great panel
guys woody can play want to ask a
question nobody let's get back in for
each other what do you think of
comic-con
it was fun I loved it I'm coming back
next year you have a good comic-con so
yeah good posers these aren't real nurse
