yeah those are Sandford so good that fan
video is the best video you ever put out
Joe yeah I don't know why to scream to
you I think it's because you had
headphones on I wanted to see if they
were really loud yep judging by you
taking them off and guessing maybe a
little control Joe pointed out to me
today that it's been a very long time
since we opened up now and we have a
bunch of badass-looking mill so if you
want to send stuff that I'll open up
after I forget that we have an awesome
Xbox in like a month
hey here's our address and stuff okay
the battery is in for the box you might
look I'm sorry this one is from Carly
creates I could actually have a knife on
me for once
all right so you came to a live show the
other day something beautiful bachelor
my name is Carly and I'm a self-taught
artists with a passion for all things
our travel and Fitness related saw the
show in Chicago we loved it shout out to
Joe you are so entertaining oh so you
want it's not means Carly yeah but
fucking immuned it's because of me yes
yay hope you enjoy the art I like that
she sent a picture of just the backdrop
of the show like I wouldn't believe
everybody you didn't go you didn't go
you liar huh it's amazing and there you
go that's awesome
almost hip well technically og monkey
please have an OG monkey now this is a
no bring it over here Jeff you like I
want to make sure you get this dope
that's green right here and opposeed
gray background hey guys
I've never tasted my own pick what if we
had to take each other's pistol we had
to guess whose piss it is I think
they've already done that though and
guess who tested it no no it's just like
guessing who farted but then going like
the next step
whoo we're gonna go with this one from
Canada this is from Laura
Landon Thomas yes oh cool all right
there's a lot of artistic pain still I
know I'm going to open it up I want to
see if there's a note or if someone oh
okay I was like thank you but I have one
date of yours
okay nothing a little nervous a little
concern oh hey what's up - did everyone
hate it last time they're really bad for
James those alright I like it but also I
don't think these are expired which
which would automatically be an instant
upgrade tastes s fun analyst book
portray a baby blanket for number two
thank you the ketchup chips are included
on the request of my friend Chelsea she
believes the reason you might not
like ketchup chips is because they
people keep sending you lays when they
should be trying to send you old Dutch
people always quote me and then
sometimes people quote me on stuff that
I'm not like oh yeah I probably said
that I don't remember saying it but it
sounds like me this one I apparently
said is chicks get moist for charity
that's a fact it's in the Bible
oh yeah that sounds like some I would
say I like to I like to source the Bible
on a lot of imperfect it's in Genesis 5
that's a holy shit that's right this is
the difference this holy shit should
just burn down the ladies Factory I'll
deal with that holy shit
but oh ok Canada I don't think you're
crazy anymore I don't think it well is
it just Canadians it's probably not I
thought maybe this was going to be like
Vegemite well the people that it like
cavity like no you don't understand I'm
like no I do your mouth stupid sinner I
think this is a okay so hippopotamus
hippopotamus mother it's a bottom lip so
this this seems familiar I think this is
from an artist that sent us stuff in the
past so I'm kind of excited if it's who
I think it is this is incredibly
talented person dear Phil I can't thank
you enough for all the wonderful things
you said about my work last time I'm so
excited to watch your new news network
develop as a thank you I want to send
you this gift perhaps if you like them
then they might help to decorate your
awesome new office from loves Facebook
haha it's so cool so but I am well
number one mode you talented would ya
it's feeling I love it you know cool so
close
thank you very much make sure to go to
space wolf limited use coupon code sale
for a 0% off unless don't let the ads
one as soon as this video goes up give
them an hour we go small again beautiful
small C open envelope first this is from
a person who exists in the world by no
name on the outside it could be a human
school supplies down but I'm supposed to
open the envelope first why am I going
out of order thanks to the amazing show
that you constantly provide I started
watching while I was in the hospital
fighting cancer I'm all clear and it
started a charity that creates and
distributes comic making kits to
children in hospitals or living with
life-threatening illnesses I've also
attached one of the kits you can see
what we are doing
thanks Aaron from little hero comics oh
that's kind of cool right off the bat
you can draw as panels made for you
toriel for people that can't draw real
goods like neat little bubbles for
action inside of your
rolling and stuff it's a very cool idea
if you want to support you want to check
it out boom joke yesterday zoom did you
sue thank you Bill
now they can see yes master don't say it
like that
tweet I save it just all the time it
works really well just feels more wrong
that you're saying it to me though
because it's like it's your wife haha
bye this one's from Weston Harvey
hopefully fuck you rocky Ranger fucking
face Kit Kat which appears to be ice
cream and Oreo flavor because why not
Sidney oh this looks so good eat the
mold tank I feel like this is very
important oh yeah mr. Franco I'm a u.s.
Navy soldier currently stationed in
Japan I just want to let you know I
greatly enjoy and appreciate your show
I've been watching for the last few
years thank for all that you do you're
sitting your vlog of the taste s of the
chips I figured you and your staff might
appreciate another taste test gift this
time from Japan thank you again and I
hope you all enjoy very respectfully
Weston Rockwell Harvey Thank You Weston
love you face also thank you for this I
don't know oh that's amazing
it's like it's a challenge coin but easy
to see and more intricate as as like
time goes on it's like the new pigeon
hmm no this means like a billion times
lords so you know when we were at VidCon
and and I did the Casey Neistat
interview and it was after that soldier
gave me his yet his challenge going I
had it I didn't realize I was like I was
holding it
during the podcast and so many people
thought that that was like an Alcoholics
Anonymous oh they're like did you or you
it was like no no I mean not I mean if I
did I'd hope you'd be like
congratulations this will be a much more
enjoyable taste test no like when saying
this is from crystal and carefully open
letter on top my name is crystal I've
been watching you since the sixth grade
by the way I vividly remember my first
video of you which is boxy is back video
I'd become passionate about politics and
have decided to major in political
science and international affairs I
strongly believe that you are one of the
primary reasons that I have uncovered my
loves politics look you I have no way an
artist but there are paintings in the
box for you Joe James and Brianna
I'm guessing unless it's the other
breeze the paintings have something to
do with something else said in the blogs
there is also a painted Shia LaBeouf
head
the shia labeouf shia nation nation shot
could be like George Clooney Mini laser
gun buzz feed her on my dog could she
father I remember that video I think
this one for you oh no he's gonna put
this on a desk but yeah this is it
oh yeah perfect that's great like we
have to answer that I mean you don't
know whose it is like it could be a man
I don't know I don't recall this one
this is you're gonna be sourcing where's
that from is that a video time oh yeah I
remember it's in a video I asked you
about something about a fortune cookie
thing I don't know why Shane is gonna be
too excited I know that he's gonna be
sooo excited he's gonna put this on Jeff
hey James I got something for you
oh yeah I told you he's gonna like it
way too much
oh and then Brianna okay and I think
these two are for June guy calendar you
know what today is
yeah and then I didn't even recognize
this reference you're going to be
sourcing joe says he knows what it's
wrong
yes I'm some happy right yes from open
up a fortune cookie what would you want
to say today so you cannot be sore
soon you were working out so the day
before so I'll be honest I do go for the
bigger packages first and that's more my
trip we did just left them I like that
we get update packages my apologies for
sending the wrong size before I one
surprise my wife with a dress that was
two sizes too big let's just say that
night turned out much it turned out much
differently than I had planned so from
that moment preferred to err on the side
of small hopefully one of these fits oh
it's so soft you like should be like
soft shirt that's probably going in
tomorrow's video I will accidentally
give brands so much free advertising
just because their ships come people
like man filled a huge roosterteeth fan
yeah I'm a kind of a fan but that shit
just it just feels good and it's your
shirt but I make Phoenix a shit on with
all things good no I got standards Joe
food I'm broke and I couldn't afford a
real envelope these new metallic
sharpies are fucking belt covers address
well that's really good sale first of
all thank you such a pleasant level down
with an adorable family and great sums
humor thanks to Mike if you choose to
you can share
the second part of this letter with some
every Tues I'm writing it to you because
your daily videos help me through these
hard times in my life and you deserve to
know just how much you do for people so
I just read the personal thing I just
want to say to you thank you I love your
face and I would say you are stronger
than you know but I think that you know
how strong you are the second part which
is for everyone Durex failures well do
they like it have drawings from
different stages of my artistic
development all during years I've been
watching your channel time certainly
does fly I don't have a lot of money
hashtag art student life what they hold
a lot of meaning keep being awesome
all the love if you'd like to see more
Shelley's stuff here's our Twitter and
our instant sales with Ventus right now
I'm wondering how the items Oh chill I
want do they use laughing gas on kids I
don't think so somebody's a kid that's
freaking out loud this one is from
Daniel lived with Ridsdale and let's
take my leave getting cramps is not a
normal position for changing this year
what my weapon a human sacrifice degree
in the beaten goes and this is a scroll
kids for my adventure I don't know if
there is a letter I think maybe we could
end it thank you
I thought there was gonna be a message
is nothing unicode is it a code looking
for the love of my life when it's cool I
feel like I just got a curse but I know
you don't burn it that's how you release
the power look maybe we have to burn the
middle I think that's where you put the
virgin blood thank you yeah I'll talk
the cute oh man it's going to suck
forever have to clean this so obviously
there's a lot more to get through I will
try to get through more of it at a later
time of course if you want to throw more
stuff at us for whatever your reason is
you don't have to I don't know why I got
so aggressive with that who send stuff
to this address the main thing I want to
end this on is thank you one for being a
part of everything we do too if you're
sending us stuff thank you so much even
if it doesn't end up on camera it does
mean so much to me and I guess the final
note is to everyone have a great fucking
day right
what's your truth day
how are the chips maybe yeah that was a
dentist each other please key Sega CD
Baby Jaguar yeah that's my shirt Oh
