dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark
dark hey Phil what was that noise Simon
I just felt like doing a little march in
set the tone that's the tone the tone
you're doing Phil how's your coffee I I
don't like complaining because it seems
like bitching especially cuz like things
in life are generally great yeah but the
fact that we hey what we do for this
office and the fucking AC doesn't work
in this room like it's great for
everyone else's room everyone else yeah
I was completely fine this is the
literally be one room where it doesn't
work I'm sweating my ass off and this
has been a conversation are like three
weeks you want me to do some dub silk
doing me like contact management
Briana's are you doing it like sometimes
like some of the days that the show's
been late it's because I've literally
had to fucking stop so they could like
get into a ladder and see initial it
sounds like opening up the vent look at
it look at what that was it and they
have a guy it's not like it's not like
oh I have someone it's like someone's
uncle coming in to check it like they
have a legitimate I don't understand
what's promised well whatever see but
you got me started now I'm just bitching
it's okay no look on me okay I come in
here and you're sweating sometimes like
what are you doing in here working it
out it's just a really intense show
again really crazy so how are those Oh
we'll get you a little fan so okay but
like the problem is is that I put on
like because we have that box fan yet I
do it between shots but then it's like
just oh no yeah you would hear it -
laughs turn it off for when I fell I
don't want to buy a Dyson because it
Ison's like five hundred dollars for
garbage oh no all right well no figure
something out fill just for you thank
you we'll come visit you thank you we're
gonna find you the best fan ever
why'd you say it all weird because like
you know I have fans you know like big
like fans we can find you the best fan
of silent and the first time that funds
ever been said really yeah rats counter
would we what are we doing sand like
picking up a the one fills fan it's
gonna be a can fulfill okay okay because
why it's hot the room
oh cool do I get the same spot what is
this oh my god
now what do you have in here um you have
cardboard you have Starbucks things give
a pointer I just moved you have a
smaller blanket the tool it'll beep it
long drives it's important montage drive
it here and from the wheels you cool
turn oh don't do that ok don't do thank
you good ok good day you got to paying
me can't believe there's a body in here
who's quiet doesn't talk much nice fan
oh shit the battery's dying no no no no
next time I know but I don't have the
charger at all no why don't you just buy
a charger where are we going to buy a
charger the internet or maybe Toys R Us
maybe if you're a good one they aren't
you do the goodest boy over well maybe
if your English was gooder than maybe
Oh
I like how on the front it says the most
powerful quietest fan then there's an
asterisk and then if you look at the
bottom right corner in very small text
it says of row into fans so it's the
cleitus bro interface probably the only
fan role into those the Christ and Errol
is the nicest Jason is like five dollars
it's just like wonderful are you cold
yeah what if that's how much marks are
you plexi a big lunch Joe we should try
and do a full vlog where you don't speak
at all
whose choir the fans the quietest
cameraman Patrick Frank
it's pretty quiet
I'll give it so we do some slow-mo hair
blown in the winburn with your mole I
mean my boy yes
hello oh it's doing then we're trying to
get our cameras to play nice to the
TriCaster so we can have them for our
livestream a broadcaster all this
technology working with developed
technology that's not working but that's
what our job is
so you guys going to figure out how to
make the technologies work that's what
we're trying to do we're just trying to
go for it in 1080 it works in 720p
Oh guys once a day thanks guys we'll
come back later denied you thank you in
this riveting living experience and
lethargic didn't y'all doing some
bellary's working eating blueberries so
would be working on right now organizing
this list in our conversation today on
the phone and I had a lot to learn I
felt pretty like my brain actually heard
oh I'm learning but it's good it's all
good right
it's all for patreon it's all for
patreon offer the people oh I almost
went for the text oh you know know that
then my dad would have been really bad
edible tech and what are you doing
Kristin I'm teaching her oh yeah like
what everything she's a wizard of
patreon of merch everything like wizard
apprentice or sorcerer other Enzo's
right Jedi Jedi and I warn I mean now
I'm be careful don't get all that
excited for it you know now I never seen
a doctor who I love so much would you I
sure love to yes oh that's what a bunch
of them you need and if one episode is
one hour
they were great
like slowly slipping are you start a
conversation glad you guys got into
those cute it's a little little break
from the computers you know all right
ladies
bye mr. peanut look at all these people
so how is your days been story story
story stories writing stories cool how
did your Damon make it alright just get
the next vlog done when the renovating
even worse week what's that you can just
feel it
I just feel it out see right there I did
for fun right and you can like easy it's
go right in you know it does look like
you'd be great Power Rangers I don't
know you because we look at a teenager
experience I think you know maybe one
person's not the same way through these
excuse me you can show you okay what am
i I'm mostly a pound and just watch I
like you guys go support or they have to
do with power interesting it's perfect
for time but nope
yeah look at this fan just really made
good on the promise chill I didn't do
anything I just watched those it silent
three I'm hearing it says I just silent
mode what what are the rest would say
burn it said that it was there it was
the quieted controlling that man no this
is actually like it once you put it on
silent mode
silent noise no gotta be really close
yeah they difficulty right here but
anything will be good it just it's like
this it is own as air circulating when
they get a six this should never buy the
last month of our lease it'll be tip-top
shape to just gotta wait like seven one
perfect we're not going to read it up
like we're not very knew that if
anyone's planning on moving close to
this place
do not just okay we're at remove to the
beach listen to the beach you know I
mean we're going to be somewhat close
and it's going to be like in less than a
year it's not like happening tomorrow
but there's no way that unless unless
like something drastically changes which
I don't think it's going to so he might
move to these
y'all say anything to your fan to my fan
yeah like you know you know when you say
would you owe something to your fans
what what part of the beginning of
today's video made you go Phil loves
puns the only time that I'm okay with is
you've just been phill'd in and that's
because it's like eight years of saying
the same thing I understood so listen
isn't the pun this can be sexual to your
fan and nothing nice
you know how it's not a good thing joke
my mind is starting to just turn off
sometimes I'm like I just don't know how
long you did it go I just don't know I
don't know how long you're going to keep
it out and then so I just my mind goes
there's not worth it just think
something like pretty - you know when
the gurgles hello oh it's okay it still
does it on silent mode kill ya fire what
is that so I had to fire people I'm like
but it's got a positive spin here's the
thing this has been really working out
for us alright still any final thoughts
any final thoughts I'm going to stop
trying to be a whiny bitch that's like
top tier I'm going to try and knock out
the three videos that we have planned
for today and I don't just see you
beautiful bastards have a great fucking
day so we ordered a 17 inch by 22 inch
coaster frame this is what we got not
only is it five feet long and I still
need an oval I don't have any coasters
that are that big or need to be bent in
that way we have any 3d posters with
someone standing like this that would be
perfect or this train
