so you do it like a jello shot we gotta
like lift the bottom Oh would you look
Dylan no I will talk to the problem hey
Phil hey how you doing today very good
oh yes tell me about your good day not
kind of show very early in the morning
had to do some tweaks so having to talk
to business type people about or we're
putting the money for the future
so as far as everything we're building
out so how those call we're a woman down
because because Amanda's out frozen at
three days but everyone's going to pick
up the slack what is that noise ins a
confluence or building yeah the life
side go in there but I don't have
goggles on no we don't want to make the
same mistake that the people that worked
on this building
made it was fun but ya know I mean in
general today I think everyone's
catching up I finally got to talk to
Hillary as far as everything we're
ramping up for Franco believes we can
offer more content make sure
everything's on time fulfillment even
faster which always great about bring in
like it will that love working like love
trying to like build something else is
there proactive thinking right so if use
like coming up with all these different
things I mean we can start trying doing
finding out from from patreon you get
those people in new blood it's exciting
though on that team and then we'll take
them and lay em on sand then everyone
will be like taking up proactive you
know what today is what put today what
is today I don't even know if it's a
national day but it's your jello day
feel so ready familiar gel I got you
some you get you some jello Phil do you
want to eat the jello you want stick
finger in it I don't know if L know what
I'm gonna do with this jello we got a
lot of jello though why do you see you
know there are so many decent days and
then you choose these and I don't know
why I don't know here if your whole goal
is that you're trolling I got to keep
this going for years on end right the
next ten years yeah so if I skip over a
few then I have some of the pocket later
on you know but I plan to be here till
I'm 40
oh good doesn't really like jello where
is jello just like this kind of tastes
like something I like and it's only five
calories yeah it's good let me a lot of
people when you're you know recovering
at the hospital to give you jello
you know accurate I don't think that's
like a selling point though like you may
have it at the hospital oh shit I didn't
know yeah delicious would happen if it
like bling I got you some pudding too
kind putting jello sauce to Poland you
know I'm talking about did you know that
it's actually illegal to do that
impression right I heard from Brianna
that you were practicing the impression
and she was like I'm not here for this
Brianna you don't agree with us right
what what jello talk the bullying room I
just officially said she didn't want to
be here for your impression how do you
feel how do you feel about today how I
feel about today yeah today I'm fine
what okay that's gonna be my side game
was gonna throw stuff at it alright cope
well it's gonna be a good day Phil gonna
get some work done we're going to build
the sets we're gonna need some jello
mold well we'll make you a make you
happy Phil it's all we're here to do
just fluff we'll get some jello whoo
what happened to the channel your looks
will fingerprint T so I'm not going to
like a steak still slicker screams I
believe so judging by the fingerprints
oh yeah well not this one I got more
hold on
all right let me do you kind of like go
for it
can you make any noises with it ah yeah
I believe so just gonna do that again no
you do it like a jello shot we gotta
like with the bottom oh don't you like
jelly no I will talk to the problem good
no it's just gross hey it's only 70
calories but would you like some jello
no I do not
really do I give me a gag it's just like
like that happens to me maybe it's cuz I
only do jello shots do you want to some
gel yes no no you know Nathan says oh I
do think it geo fire key Lucy you that
jealous gelatin ass you dude I feel like
I just have cold mucus in my mouth Wow
what are you doing we are working really
hard aren't we no no learning all about
logistics and to do living a living
large she's my new coworker actually and
we have one more - so standing right in
front huh holy shit they're
biodegradable finally things you gotta
get it off if that's a new word we can
do all these biodegradable peanuts oh
I'm going to pack them any boxes with
the mugs
come on emerge girl alert this actually
when you put water in it angel saying oh
yeah that's good because it becomes holy
water yeah yeah we put water I mean I
hadn't any denomination
well let's go play with these peanuts
make a big pile and jump in them right
Rihanna yeah
giving is always working hard that's
right boys you want to do once a little
break have some jello nice tan looks
like I made a bucket buddy oh no make
the back baby right now I feel weird how
many people evening a Spectre Dickens no
no yeah
Brian I got this gel oh wait employer
you what'd you guys do he goes working
on balls looks like it enjoy that jello
you're working hard
good jello break can you get that audio
I was running into the throw another one
let me know a good old stairs a peeper
Richard getting shit done there's
nothing in it right now but he actually
needs it
I don't you know Bible would Joe but
this is perfect would holding cost this
is the pose you want to be in the hold
would properly
we'll help you figure out how to make a
table saw but not a table saw
thankfully we're going to put the saw
down on the table and slide it along
with the goal oh my god was we don't
have a table saw John donors you have to
paint it okay okay to the table call the
man made a table saw and I get a pace of
workman's comp though at the poster I'm
wearing safety gear maybe you guys would
take you're working hard right now you
know how careful complicated no no no
things really simple to me just go to a
doctor and then you pay thousands of
dollars for like band-aids if any good
sounds pretty simple so when you get all
this research for a fancy new concept
well today is eat your jello day you
guys know some jello what do you have
spoons I don't like waking plastic
Spears jello no yeah I don't know me
read it but you can just enjoy it I want
you to enjoy the jello you can have a
relaxing snack and you know what's
interesting is that where do their
service muscles a lot so health care
info jell-o jell-o can doggies have
jell-o jell-o is a fun food and you may
be wondering about sharing some care doc
you can give your dog a taste of jello
but it isn't exactly healthy by the
sugars and good form you can't eat it
until give early you can taste the jello
ok you can lick it that's it though you
don't like the gentle but you taste
available you know you like it
oh yeah give it your food ok
a success they often challenge there is
action working hard I'm thinking Channel
felt Elmo loves to lactic don't enjoy
Majella
research and we see you tell out there
having a good time come it'll pop up on
your phone as well so it pops up on the
computer every morning when I walk in
good
yeah it's really fun watching us make
the schedule yes it's a pump--ow yeah
there's nothing but video evidence as
far as why you should be able to any of
us should be able to only have like
seven months of being able to I'm
waiting till I get a full year
impression I have no idea I haven't done
in years I just made like a fellow
chocolate pudding I mean it's not okay
I've heard worse you see pills fun dude
no I'm trying I'm doing an impression of
you doing it could probably do it yes
Bruce got a solid cutting they heard him
do it yeah so does anybody want this
fuck me fuck out stay a good girl you
got to put it on your head will you
who's not even that laughs this is good
baseball well
these are trying to get some nails we
have to figure out Medicare I like you
look we have to figure that we got it
fixed
keys are separated because you can have
these on Medicaid all of this is
Medicare okay and then these are also
standard plans you can pay a click as
your health care it says existing or is
what being opposed existing that was
like what is hmm what is Medicare what
are these terms so that you know when
they stabilize the Medicare what are
they having progress yes like I
converted to computers oh you mean this
other part is you want to measure the
show I know this is room was supposed to
be seven proof I would Internet age is
this we have to get sound proofing
pretty a space out there gave your dog
the pudding I gave each other Universal
jello and the researchers do some
research for me Philip oh yeah if dogs
can add jello and they can have a look
at judge I was so glad they stopped
doing the deep dives that were working
to just Google that for soup and you're
here for right a lot done today so
making the fit yeah I'm feeling good
about everything we got you can give it
a little peek of this we got a working
on the Burnie burns podcast the only
shot at a VidCon also working on some
new weekend concept I don't have
anything coming out well what would have
been last weekend play cool Brett take
on Joe I take it we're about to take on
a crazy workload
right as a baby number two Oh baby them
too this is a nightmare
what are we going to do Phil I mean I'm
gonna take a week down from the baby's
here okay and so you guys just take your
shit out let's figure sit out what we're
gonna do with the blog Phil so I come
visit you maybe at home maybe you know
that's all you know I need I definitely
need someone with a camera you can
together Sony it for the birth if you
ever watch the Lindsey killer even being
you do that it'll be great if I get the
commentary on the birth of your second
child yeah
yeah oh no they wanted wake up thank God
that was coming you're keeping a light
light amount of people inside the room
well birthdays happened yeah we're gonna
have maybe her mom come out and then
like and then everyone can start
visiting the baby but we also got to
make sure everyone's done with shots
yeah
how long we been senseless I got shots
with Trey you didn't get shot yeah I
think it's five years sweet so no it's
still under the under the bar gold and
here I'm old
here we go you're gonna boogie woogie
wants the peanut don't eat it they don't
taste good that's not a real penis I
know you just messing with you I know
