which dune fill I'm just again ready for
the day we just finished talking to the
researchers we got another good show
feeling good about it and work together
a little bit better a little bit more
will feel each other out I should be
able to save some time so I can start
personally being on some of the newer
concepts that we're working on when you
say feel each other out we kind of
describe the new him it wasn't where
you'd go to the beach beautiful we're
gonna form some of the bitch I mean
you've got him in your video but having
to wear these clothes I'm going up 20
minutes earlier it's a lather - hello in
looks well speak about beaches still you
know what today is what it's national
pina colada do why is the rum gone high
so we're going to use that company money
and we're gonna make some pina coladas
why does it feel like it's very
aggressive what do you say it like
gotten down for it but I was like okay I
like to eat it even at it not it is like
by the way this was happening like we
don't even have like a set budget for
the vlog anything pretty good yeah yeah
Briana I'll go get the supplies and get
drunk tonight built around now that
she's doing that oh yeah she's super
pumped she won't like pina colada pants
Hey look can't go out again I don't
think you're going to be onboard and you
then get started earlier because I'm
down do the show like partly with a buzz
you will do a show with the bus cool
that's a pi√±a colada how much how much
talent who is actually in next we'll
just make them all day so that's your
job your head of vlog yet and let's go
make a pina colada
yeah I accept tips to trying to make
that you know that I crypto noted let's
go get that uh
pina coladas oh you mean till you decide
yeah to seal I'm taking a coffee first
issue we had okay cool all right you got
permission to take it off the backing so
I got this pina colada
thanks Brian you excited from the pina
colada
I'm not a big fan of that coconut song
but I like this and they just rip shots
and shit drop the coconut all right you
ready to go get the pina coladas
I do that's fine okay let's go
ready what's your favorite type of
alcoholic beverage did you enjoy it
because you like rap music you have a
blanket in the car I get cold look at
that's pretty basket I got this is
bacardi rum pineapple rum look my upper
arm I got a hangover and listen okay
we'll get this stole Bob Dole
I think our audience is far too young to
be allergic to find out yeah the butt of
the pineapple is where it should be much
braver so you have a small fun it is
supposed to smell like shit but that
much okay cool let's do it all right
good all right we need one more
ingredient what is it cream of coconut
look at oh there you know cousin though
cream where's cream of coconut it melted
I don't know he was really getting you a
cream of coconut is back here ah ah all
right yeah yeah throw it in there boom
all right we did it everybody in their
sight like we have to go to work and
they're buying pina coladas it's work
it's the same ring hey guys ready for
Pina Colada day yeah you ready
you know ready let's get the mixer out
maybe I'll put it over here okay first
of all you gotta get laid first goal
itself my measurement session just make
sure it up cool I'll give you as long as
there's more alcohol anything good all
right take a let's play me brother
there you go oh my god this is amazing
like you GLA
you know pick one yet I'll always
remember this skill there you go
we officially meet you yet Nina
everybody's Nina hey what's your
favorite color
get laid if you Latino soup yeah there
you go man getting green what you want
to yell are we taking a bath that's too
much work yeah here you sexy bitch no
look at that actually did almost wear a
Hawaiian shirt Lanie J now we're in
paradise oh yeah she's a juicy one
those are probably the best cut
pineapples I've ever seen kind of like
pineapples spheres but in a shitty form
what a dinner
Oh makeups welcome to paradise
oh it's so amazing oh my tree go
so we got no here you go perfect Wow
my article or read a little bit more
lean and nice to try try it first I'll
try we got we go for your pretty good
what do you - that was wrong I mean I
like the rounds all right we're good
real exercise your lover Louie let your
lovely open your mouth you know why
today
hope you guys aren't driving oh that was
very much
you see Miko all right I'm gonna do this
here
sure cheers how do anything we're not I
think we're just a little bitty up
you'll be sorry yeah happy pina colada
day I thinking that coming up today a
public apology ran out of alcohol the
nail polish colleges like you just put a
whole bunch of bananas in there and
blended them together you win one for
Joe bill you want another Phil Phil this
one's for you
thank you going on Bella so you do want
a little Phil how do you feel about
pinochle out of day honest honest to
death not great I'm gonna get lashing
the Commons for for engaging in it let
me the story is hop a little more maybe
than a dream internship and we're
covering anything of any meaningful
value nothing brother in the colada
still have good people get out elastic
you all brought the pina colada
where you doing come back to my own I
made too much pencil this I strong
contain right away yeah raise the top to
do this Vinnie didn't listen to shake it
really hard
final nine oh it's got a perfect
umbrella alright I think it's good now's
your boring okay Tim okay what a lot of
search today hope that because it's like
I got you today's shift and maybe I got
to do a little bit of thing for Friday
show I think I do a test thing like that
pina colada I can't tell if it hit me or
I was just tired I hate how how easily I
gave in to peer pressure
literally the thought process I had was
I don't want to be a stick in the mud I
should probably just just go along with
this that's the thought process of
everything I ain't they're giving the
peer pressure that's a good note to me
that I'd be I'll bring like a peer
pressure guy with peer pressure on you
there's a peer pressure
everyone just squeaks what are you talk
like boom boom that's all the same time
I'm trying to have a conversation with
fellow guys you know I need to like
improvise have some weird thoughts and
here pressure so peer peer pressure all
right go ahead not for today though I
just like to wear backpack that James
has shaking his head it just tired you
said your god everyone is like my
English chill down back it was like I
wish you get the fuck out of here we're
gonna take you to ponder me what would
it take how about Brian let's talk the
stone is all Brian well they take the
part of Brian to really city design a
lot more than you like them so good
great to me there's a little bit of
Brian in everything we do like stuff
like this punch percent yes parts of the
show a little bit here and there and
when he's making that content it doesn't
make me feel like I'm losing not mine
are you trying to say okay alright so
I'm a good day any night night evening
did I
I think I think we're good oh shit okay
where Phil's gonna be impressing oh my
god oh my god
with the
