well what how are you today would let me
change this exposure got it got it no
you're good we're good we keep going
Phil we keep some mistakes in so what's
going on today do what it like so I just
finished doing the PDS it's up
eventually it's gonna hit sub boxes it's
being a little bit glitchy answering
some emails and then I'm jumping in with
the other guys yeah yeah yeah we got
some new people testing yes same thing
is like when we first got the
researchers in anyone else knew never
get attached to anyone yeah that's it
we're figuring shit out yeah are you
firing me after this video if you wanted
to you know I'm saying though Joe just
says stuff like this so that people
sound off in the college like we will
revolt but then whatever happens I just
gotta be like guys who tried people
under wraps but when you guys got angry
about the Harry Potter stuff that was
just beginning for his sake because
we're we're friends with his family yeah
we won't go into it yeah you can make up
any damn story Phillip you'll probably
believe it now that's almost that's hor
not come up with like why I left Phil
DeFranco that's the success that I aim
for yeah oh that so that eventually
someone can make a why I left Phillip
DeFranco and it's as successful as the
wael of BuzzFeed but hell yeah Phil so
we have new people coming in but we're
gonna make them we're gonna hang out
we're gonna again we're gonna test the
live stuff yeah we tested one-on-ones
with these guys we did we did this with
about six people but the whole thing is
kind of building out the stable we're
gonna be testing for months
ya know it makes sense you gotta make
sure that you know it's a well
well-oiled machine right Phil's I would
they say well-oiled machine is
well-oiled as possible yeah you don't
want to like you know take a shitty car
into the mechanic which already broken
down like hey we're gonna get do this
live I have no idea what what my analogy
was going but yeah it was pretty bad
analogy Phil I should just write out a
script of our intros now I'm just
leaving you hanging I know I kind of
like it though
it's unscripted it's scripted unscripted
goddamnit
why are these voices my head keep
telling me to say dumb shit alright Phil
okay cool is that the end I think so
yeah the voice in my head were like hey
don't end it yet but I'm like okay I'm
just gonna I'm just gonna stand back but
yeah I'm gonna end it now
okay all right cool see you guys working
on today well you come at the end of the
day Joe yeah after we put up show and we
now we're doing topics for tomorrow okay
you didn't topics for tomorrow you know
I need an update on something the pants
situation I was thinking about earlier
talking about it use my home too did you
see what the brand was what the size was
I mean look at you saw them but you
haven't done any you guys are
researchers and you haven't even done
any research all right I think maybe we
should make like a mini duck about it
you know perhaps you may be able to help
solve a mystery you know you think about
that no yeah thank you
what this tells me is that you guys
aren't taking this seriously okay I was
really looking serious has been fun
that's it so Joe for me it's always fun
do something interesting you guys are
always this working and stuff it's hard
to bother you changing the world guys
you guys ready for this test sure we
have been doing tests yeah we're just
one scene like a little more official
way you know yeah a little more exciting
because we're meeting some people yeah
this is the first non like just like hey
let's just say some words yeah you know
like this is the first one where it's
actually gonna be people talking about
stuff they care about it'll look like a
final product like this that's still not
done with that oh yeah but this yeah
this said in general like disagree walls
I think that's brilliant you know it was
that book of you
well technically that is not right now
we're we're just seeing how it goes
we're testing a new audio system testing
the new camera angles and just hoping
that everything looks good enough to
perceive with the full plan
we got graphics yeah yeah doing drag out
school Zack over here Zack you know what
you're doing I'm drunk old layered look
at all this all these buttons alright so
well sounds fun guys and really looking
forward to seeing what you guys produce
yeah we're looking forward to it too Joe
I'm sure all the people inside the lens
are looking forward to it as well
hi people yeah those people yeah if we
strengthen every day yeah have you seen
it I've seen the commercial for it heard
it sucks I heard he's not even in the
film I heard you know what actually a
light-hearted combo you know what Matt
Damon isn't well first episode of the
new season a black mare Matt Damon Matt
Damon is a stud maybe one day one day
we'll be on the floor you never know
never know maybe we'll bring him in to
bring out maybe a host
maybe host alright Joe just make sure
you save that cook because when we do
get Matt Damon you can play this exact
going back what's going on this is
important also ask Ryan to get you we
have this white board and it has a huge
film on it and I just wanted you to get
this
so I getting like slow-mo so we do get
sexy all right hold on let me flip it
all right we're in the smooth
whoo that was intense
the fun part is we have another one on
the other side that can we do this one
we meet in the middle yeah here I'll
start in this corner all right good job
guys I'm here ecstasy
yellow who are all these lovely people
oh you better be ready for me you Betty
these are some of our on-camera
journalists who are gonna be working
with us on any project all right and
they're all attractive and smart and
cool yeah they're all styling with a red
team we're a the Rick well reddish
orangish living where are you from and
one interesting factoid start yet I want
to go first who wants to go first
I'm Marie I'm from all over the place
and my fun fact for like every first day
of anything is I got slimed on slime
time live oh and I haven't showered
since wait Evan like how long ago it was
maybe 15 years ago we haven't showered
in 15 years that's my boy
and it tasted I hear that yeah
well here I hear the flavor has changed
throughout the years but mine tasted
like extra gooey apple sauce so yeah
who's next
she wants to give me their name
representing I'm Erica I'm from a really
small town called Waycross Georgia which
is the home of the Okefenokee Swamp and
my city is the biggest city in the
biggest County in the biggest state east
of the Mississippi
and it's a super small like 20,000
person but what's an interesting fact
about yourself yesterday I ate ten
minutes or twigs I'm wearing black
represent the darkness I was actually
born and raised in the former Soviet
Union
so okay this is a fun fact kind of
boring but I was part of a dance academy
for 13 years there you go awesome
oh yeah all right I'll have to have a
dance-off later with Keith pasaba
is a professional dancer yeah needs to
be a backup dancer for uh Beyonce right
you were in single ladies ever said he's
on was great meeting y'all Oh oopsie
I'll see you I'll see you today
Phil okay okay bye but II already get
the rundown on everything we're doing a
little bit yeah give it to me
so one DeFranco elite calm is where
you're gonna need to be because in a few
short weeks we are going to premiere
what we've been working on for a long
long time so it's gonna be a new new
show with new faces and some old I mean
Phil will still be on there not that
he's old Oh God
we're gonna be starting that soon and
we're still castings for it I know we're
gonna mention it but we are looking for
some more conservative voices we have a
few we want more we want to even mix of
everyone on on film that's one of our
really really big pushes in this new
project so if you want to go to jobs Pat
rogue rocket calm I'll do my pitch and
then if you want to watch this content
soon because it's not public yet we're
still in the testing phase Franco will
you back on awesome and in terms of jobs
it's just for hosts yeah just so we'll
be staffing up more and more once we get
a new building but only looking for
freelance hosts right now we yeah
right what show i'm just watched master
those people no I didn't harass them yet
I wasn't late on little bit I was like
even attack I want the facts
yeah give me more that's actually a very
true what that you don't have the fact I
don't have the facts I might hit my
opinions are fair I think most people
okay telling me I'd already like him
look at this alright Phil we're gonna do
a test right that's what we're doing yes
sir I've already established this like
10 times in the video but I just figured
that Christ I'd do it again just just in
case ya know I have nothing in sight for
last
do you don't know what the voices in
your head are telling you to say hey you
said any less words
it's more than four hours they spent
like this past week filled one if I
could just actually adopt siesta that'd
be great
I think we should all go home at like
10:00 for like two hours and come back
refreshed Levi yeah well good chairs
that convert into the little cups we
used to do it you don't like it what's
really cool about this room and that
smells like Chinese Chinese food Dave
Phil let's make it a day American
holiday let's make Chinese food day an
American national holiday what do you
think about that no National like the
national days though you should do it
yeah yeah we'll do it we'll do it okay
you working on oh tech stuff oh yeah I
got to do my taxes bullshit where does
our money go that that's actually pretty
not my but I think there's someone else
