hey Brianna talked Britannica what's up
nothing yellow party
um this is how its are this is it now
well until okay like weird what do you
keep you and you keep looking over Joe
what's up to my god dudes about my salsa
hack babe what's up are you mad at me
yeah dude I'm mad they did a good job
actually lol I don't lol that often by
lol yeah actually lol alright should I
take over
yeah I guess it's your turn to I do love
you man I know that you guys love my
little note that I said yeah it was a
nice little reminder so year now that we
can take it out we can we can we can we
can't let it go get it up just kitchen
hey well this guy's back she'll well
like we I heard our rings are close to
the same
Oh are they yeah on the other guy to
leave items ching ching ching ching
singing which of it where we become when
we combine
I love your breakdancing all right cliff
I'm a break good mother
one guy friends look yeah goofball all
right so good
b-boy duple I like you're the second has
a three that's up to the second then my
big friend mark you can still move yeah
it's like showing it sometimes but you
knows how to work it impressively not
taking a honeymoon we are it's going to
be a 2-week honeymoon coming up he'll
let you know when those dates are read
only addressed so that the kids can show
up gonna Bali oh shit
did you miss me a little bit I mean I
miss people yesterday because a little
just me in the Toronto Kai tonight and
also I didn't want to be here well do
anything after and went home went home
suit make up there was honey make out no
make out grain how the fuck was your
fourth first did you miss me did you
miss me now Oh Brian I'm just a fake I
just a lot of it you know what I told
you reminded my cousin I would I spent a
lot of time with them this weekend and
you look almost like my cousin but he
looks like Nick Lachey but give them
nothing like Nick Lachey and how do I
look like your cousin other though cuz
in the club of 90 degrees in the rain
with the clip of me in the rain and
maybe it'll over yeah
Zach what the hell were you doing there
I'm son back from what the time oh my
god yeah wear SPF SPF 30 it wasn't
enough what the move on the beach
softest fireworks had some barbecue
again with anyone no I did get kicked by
the sauna
I'm glad you're safe let him have some
poison yeah no no bubbles I've had that
before
I love bubbling all right Brianna how
has your life been good
I'm almost moved out of my house oh yeah
yeah
what's the address there may be people
go visit no Brianna lift you know
someone's still live there
ah no hey you want to give people your
new address the people can lie clinical
stuff sometimes it's fun to get shit
from people we don't know though now so
your life's been good you have a good
life excellent
okay you want to say anything else
excellent fourth of July for me it feels
like I'm almost done with this place I'm
hit on this rooftop I'm a bottle of wine
out of the bottle that's them whoo this
line in there white wine nice yellow why
hi Amanda hi welcome man how was your
life good I finally got cheese I must
sleep did you get I got a full eight
hours Oh last night no oh no I went to
Hollywood Forever Cemetery and watched
Jurassic Park it was dope Oh two people
and then we saw fireworks and a sultan
will get arrested it was a literal room
it was literally like a don't tase me
bro moment like it was in the middle of
a movie and the dude was like fighting
these cops oh man I don't know Russ Matt
Davis do anything arrest me for no
reason
don't tase me bro
back your feet they're so crazy they
like half red Hobbit feet but Sun
burning today
alright so that's we had a good good
good for it yeah what about your fort
do you think I got just the kinda Monia
way but look we know you're not married
hmm yeah you had pneumonia our wedding
famous VidCon was it worth it it was
worth it did you already cut that clip
of your dancing yeah and come to another
clip okay
break dancing clip bill what the hell's
going on to it as everyone else in the
office did I also got sick do you know
what today is Joe took double today
today today today filming today bikini
day - bikini day maybe we should pull up
some of the pictures of some bikinis
with this to celebrate you know he has a
married man I can I can look but I can't
do anything else you have any bikini sex
already got the tan lines going called
sex toys because we were going to go to
a sex toy video and there is a candy
bikini in that Tammy - keenie alright so
one of us has to were do you ever have
to be at all like where's that box
there's a sex box you knew where the sex
box was and I'll sue your apartment you
need to find a sex box right different
from the weapons box there might be a
long thin line that's close there's a
dildo on top so again more 98.6 degrees
and one sex related things sort of Zab
thing we got some baby oil
latex they're getting loose here into
the one eye that if you know what how
many eye patches are in there one eye
patch oh if it was to we could
definitely make a bikini
oh we could be honest I'm out some stuff
finger splint we don't have the sex book
we actually brought it
okay with it let's see what's in it oh
yeah we were talking about the other one
it is the cupcake yeah there you go Joe
agostina flavored its moist
allow and noun and its flavored body
about lot of favorite colors ah banana
split hey know what a little late on
this but do you know what today is
ah what is today Joe national bikini day
Phil go and put no well they come on
Phil give the people what they want so
if I show that people want you just
shoot me from this angle at all time if
you think that I'm not happy with the
way that you shoot me 60% of the time
while I have clothes on that I'm gonna
wear this you can do this if it has to
be someone else you wanna click so I
think legally it would be the worst
decision in the world for me to choose
it I think you don't have HR Phil you
can do it you old yeah but there is
still a legal system in California cello
this one everyone has to be cool with it
too I think that the least senior
employee the most new employee gets to
decide who because otherwise it's like
it's a fuels predatory okay yeah hazing
yes it's like reverse hazing and it
probably has to be a good well with how
with how much space there is yes Jill
I'm pretty sure it has to be a guy
giving a good position to someone ex to
be able to eat one of the Kim's you have
to like make sure everyone's okay with
it
if even one person's not on board the
need your oh no no I'm not bored I am
the exception to the rule really in
every other Avenue of life I got the
immunity necklace or charm that's a
thing on survival rate you have the
immunity edible bro okay so we'll come
back and impress you with this beautiful
human technology if there's one
complaint I'm throwing you guys on deck
don't commit any crimes please I won't
do I have permission to put a bra on
somebody in this room got a woman anyone
that is not a woman okay today I see a
candy bra and I see lickable body paint
and I'm like oh fuck so we're good
though right nobody's gonna be attended
to hurt Commons cursor putting it on but
nobody's gonna like you know could have
said and contact HR it's so HR alright
you good almost good we'd be offended by
a edible so I'll take that as enough you
good with someone putting on a bra I'm a
hammer are you okay with with someone
putting on the bra
am i okay yeah we're absolutely yeah
sure if everybody's consenting why not
alright look good done it you guys good
with somebody putting on a candy brother
then pour more than good as long as it's
not me damn
hi Hillary right yes that's right - oh
but what about her emails what the hell
do you do so I am the patron coordinator
here now very excited to be here
so still said that the newest person who
gets to pick who gets to put that on can
you get to pick anyone the office has to
be a guy put the male yeah I'm working
right now
oh you don't leave out there just the
bull fashion alright yo hey hey doing
Brian
you sure you don't have to do it there
we go oh yeah
baby crying I feel like that yeah okay
oh yeah you have to get off me - I'm
married man now I can't do that I feel
bad but I don't think Brian my bet is
someone Weber unzips it have to take a
bite hey I want you to wear the damn
thing and little if I wear it will you
bite it yeah give a quick piece for the
people that really want to see the Brian
bro you're doing no shirt right yeah oh
all right you want to take a bite yeah
bite like a nipple pussy please buy me a
little time we went too far I would go
back yeah oh yeah there you go
oh you know some wet one turn around
Oh party was that and you like mean like
back a little bit so hands off they're
biting so what you like very better than
all right what's up Phil if you want to
but uh hey Phil nothing's happening in
here really good aren't you proud of
your team phil has anybody eaten
anything oh yeah you're hungry Phil I
think good all right how do you feel you
were rejected by Phil that's bad all
right Zach thanks for helping us
celebrate national bikini day not good
okay bad cross between like a sweetheart
and chalk you're soaked sundered you
think yeah the fun in there oh well
we'll get a stomachache I come back and
think about that for all Phil so glad we
were at a professional news organization
sorry oh shit the end of that we're
trying to do that right let me tell ya I
can only say some of us but apparently
James participated which is fine man I
gave you walk out of my face hahaha sit
there ignoring
in my face for five minutes all right go
with it out of my face now that I have a
bit of information now I know I can do a
lot James that that was your takeaway
from that Center so much more everybody
had a successful national bikini day
Phil that's good no complaints no I
think everybody felt very slightly
uncomfortable yeah it was a good day all
right so let's start building that news
network yeah what do you think 90% of us
are doing it itself it's joke aside
you're more serious blog now start doing
more serious log I'm not knocking the
new thing I think it's great I just I
don't want to taint it you know hey it's
Fred I've missed you
a hill I actually interacted because you
never have a relationship growing up
where it's like oh it's my I miss my
girlfriend and then she came back in
your life this person it's like that
lesser level up taking of the cobblers
pose
okay I'm God the more that you like
continue this and let it go on the more
I realize Keats impression was so
fucking spot but he really a bro we do
according to a surface all right so
listen just in and five minutes ago
no another long clip to give Keith thank
you soap off oh wow what oh my god okay
okay but nothing right
