hey I was just started working in this
room by myself doing all the additions
to the new set by myself like I always
do as a man we're going to get to know
our neighbors pretty soon so while I may
not actually have been doing any of the
work in this room and it's actually been
Luke and Zack and everyone else who's
been awesome we are currently focused on
building the second set for one of the
shows that we are currently developing
all thanks to all the support we've been
getting off of DeFranco elite we are
expanding well everyone's focus on that
Keith got sick Joe is a big stupid idiot
he's getting married we were kind of
just all locked in not doing anything
interesting but Keith while he was sick
was like how can I work without doing
much work he found all this unused
footage from one I announced I was going
independent that we were launching this
new thing that we were going to try and
do it together and I thought you might
like it's a failing video but it's a
good one and just kind of Anna for three
seconds since I know that you guys
started liking more than me so enjoy
I'll see you Friday will Joe be avenged
by bouncing back one and maybe Joe will
be there maybe if this video gets 1.3
million viewers otherwise Joseph I
that's not actually true go and do that
also I did that I feel like I'd probably
be by living some walls okay bye
here's a secret there's gonna be a phone
in my hand I've got me off camera a
little filter that you have is just my
chin and my mouth talking so I was like
ah really Joe I'm just full of fucking
things that's great okay we're good what
raw damn it
no I know yeah in my opinion and
important and fuck me
but I feel that this is them in Portland
thank you so much for being with me
along on this block being along with me
on this ride but let's get the facts
right first let's seize 5a worlds will
lead to often last year's you're fine I
want you to be a story I'm gonna hold
this video against someone de new face
isn't old you like to be side eyes like
will you laughing happy thank you buddy
Joe doesn't care about this
and that's why today I'm launching
DeFranco elite a fan funding initiative
is initiative the right word or is that
sound like I'm trying to say we're going
to fight crime
oh good yeah well with maybe daddy a
5-iron
here we go risking what I have
personally because I think that can make
something amazing is I fuck you to FICO
Oh either honking for me you have a
honker DeFranco sign under a streetlight
we're no corporate interest can what was
the thought some guy in a corner
remember when Joe got yelled at by that
lady and a lady came friends on the
corner I'll tell you about that my name
is philip defranco you've just been
phill'd in i love yo faces that's the
only thing because i'm not going to see
them tomorrow thank you for watching
thank you for funding and thank you for
being along for this ride now I need to
say that and actually look at the cam
cause I got mobile when I script guys
can I just rant in a room for 60 minutes
and have games figure it out every day
every day of my life I think we're good
awesome this is either going to be the
beginning of something amazing or the
downfall of philip defranco rest in
peace DeFranco keep it something you
gotta fuck from birthday oh hey I was
just I was just working real quick
