Wow whoa oh wait okay you want me be
Gekko Wow okay this is not a good look
for daddy your your cat boy and cat boy
climb really fast go show me
wow that's so cool
I bet you can't catch me my best enough
Jimmy what now it's just a bit - okay
all right you know we have to do now if
you're right for school
you ready oh I'm Way stronger than you
buddy note it don't hit people trace if
you hit anyone hit Amanda though okay
this is the photo tray no don't do it
oh geez stop it stop
you got to dip it you get that stuff
fuck up
he's out of control
well what is that system is there
something inside the Pacific's is that
necessary dire little fella
this is Pacific you want my book put out
three two one whoa
Trey helicopter that just means that
there's someone dangerous in our
neighborhood isn't that exciting come on
Ethan come on man pictures connect oh oh
thank you oh yeah oh oh oh I just wanted
to say if you want to send Joe some love
you can go Twitter at Joe nation TV Joe
got I'm married to the fantastic Jess
Lezama
I got married over Saturday I just I
really do want to just kind of get
across
I already text was to him and so I
wanted to make sure I sent him this
message before it's also saying it
publicly their marriage and their
relationship it just it makes me happy
because it is there are a lot of people
that love each other but there there are
very few just good-hearted people that
care about other people and love each
other so much and support each other so
much and have brought so much happiness
and and love into each other's lives and
and just seeing just seeing it just it
just makes me happy because I feel like
they're both just such amazing people
that even they deserve this they deserve
to be together they deserve there's this
win in life also for those saying Phil
why aren't you at the wedding you
schmuck I was originally supposed to go
with Lindsay Lindsay went we were
supposed to have one of those sets of
the grandparents watched ray while we we
flew out and went to the wedding but you
might have seen this if you watched
Lindsey's channel youtube.com slash the
defranco fam her dad had a biking
accident at first they thought he broke
his neck luckily all it turned out is
that he had some broken ribs they
obviously are having
take care of that and weren't able to
watch straight so that's why we're
having a tray daddy boys weekend and
that's also why I wasn't at the wedding
also because I hate Joe obviously I hate
Joe worst guy ever
