hey Keith hey first day back from VidCon
and you're leaving me already
I know leaving they had a sale for me I
will I didn't get to say hi to them
we're gonna fill that you're gonna hand
it off to boy little boy Keith is gonna
have Brianna vlog it cut the clothes all
right James I'll see you in a week I
entered a pie I'm going to come back not
a virgin guys we'll miss you Joey lover
I know do you ever get on a plane Joe
gosh yeah oh okay
all right taking the camera is this oh
my god how close can you get it's pretty
close you look beautiful the warmth of
your body and see your floors bro right
yeah so what am I gonna do hey what's up
jealous of this how do you say man
is why I'm at a good angle today yeah
you just got you got taller so yeah okay
you back to the wall right yeah who do
you take the hell I'll just it's been a
long day yeah yeah cool you push through
the conversation log just as well he'll
watch your shirt black it's very
slimming what do you think we gotta
great he's a great what you say you got
speak up a little bit I'm a little old I
got a alright pill spin thing cool
I'll see you see you later man love you
good guys hey Amanda its Joe
right Wow how's it going need to be a
little shorter - oh that is such an
unflattering I'm gonna fill right now Oh
me well thank you like what you do today
today working you're bothering me for
usual I'm workin tunes what I do why is
that voice - I don't know if I can stick
around for some more oh you're still in
this angle and just like your Wow you
definitely had a different angle now let
me get into Joe real quick hey that's
our girl
Joe getting married Keith you can't have
a many
or what do you mean I'm getting married
so that work right now like not getting
married to like a really attractive
woman
she's my baby I look alright I'm out of
luck now now your Joe hey man I got a
great idea for a vlog that's like throw
balloons at like pigeons oh great Joe
come on great idea right great actually
like 10 years ago my own video Joe we
miss you here is not a good reply a lot
of good for my angle is better everyone
thinks I hate Joe I don't hate Joe I
really miss him please come back then
you have this asshole filming me I don't
like this better angle all right guys
I'm done bye how big does this shit
right Alan you're doing a muppet
impersonator well it's still very close
to Joe it's the spirit of Joe the brief
Briana I go get my name right you named
after the encyclopedia oh it does
Botanica so Joe has left to go marry his
beautiful fiancee Jess picture here
gorgeous we know thanks to let us know
when he'll come back and I guess when to
let the vlog know when he'll be back
he put a nice little posted on his
computer does Joe will be back July fit
and they're just like a TV shows well at
least we know now at least now we know
although I think it probably was for him
I was like oh no Joe put one of his
passwords because Joe raised all his
passwords opposite Milt and then hide
specific so he remembers and I was like
oh no we put his house or a while to
take that down and then I saw no it's a
reminder when he's coming back
mmm we already missed a Joe I would say
that looking windowsill hasn't put Joe's
face on it and put it in his chair oh we
gotta be guys do you miss them yeah
watch it come on fight like a little cat
I should clean us up but fuck it hey do
you like where's the cardboard cutout
yeah yeah that one oh shit I got to do
it again I got myself a little bit work
right
yeah bigger paper gonna fit that thing I
just you know point in time I just
printed and hope for the best you know
Wow are you supposed to be cutting a
show or something wow just wow I'll take
time out of it about oh that's just the
mock me sorry is that can you think
that'll work I mean it's a little small
let's just give it a they're really
gonna fail oh wow yeah what's that we'll
stay forward if you bend forward a
little bit
oh my god it just looked like a sad-ass
Phil we got it we got to do something
about that neck skim a little gas
support gas support you're the gas man
how's that nope that's not too good
oh there we go
looking good Joe Oh fine look rocky zach
is fixed and Joe's back okay dude James
daily coffee tea night around 11:30 yeah
weird gym shorts on a windy day what now
you get the outline oh yeah yeah there
we go all right all right Joe you
looking you're looking pretty solid
pretty stiff I would even go as far to
say a wreck even erect it you know what
matters the minister and let's have him
check his fuck all right Joe it's like
you never left my a my job
yeah absolutely hey guys how's it going
the good guys are you what do you hope
you call this on him
it's like : here I took improv so and
I'm good I'm good at it I was how's your
what is it your third week
Porter's literally like in Megan stories
and stuff right a little make stories
you know make up such intelligence item
alright guys cool okay thanks for
talking thanks thanks Joe and I love you
get back were you going I was going to
give this to my boss I know he's working
right now Briana right here where's she
left
oh so that 1,000 bitter like Bert and
Ernie where's your Joe impression oh do
you like me what's up with Bernie it was
that president right like what the plan
to losing gracefully what are you doing
I don't know I think a video to videos
help and if I don't want to peanut but
it was a world of P look we're moving
it's Andres giant I asked what movie uh
this is right there you go there's one
my favorite movies are classic couldn't
think of it would you agree you know I
like little penises
you know said a little penis sense put
in your mouth why are you turning your
head good for camera turn out like porn
you gotta open towards I'm not even
gonna move into you - this is not gonna
work solid content cool what okay what's
wrong Briana great that's out thanks
amber
because go meet it's always like that
and sorry time Joe says it I'm like dad
how was your lunch Jane
shut the fuck up I mean Canton but but
yeah your people in that budget
James is mad because I ran into Ethan
and feel that way oh yeah they became
best friends not sure at all but okay
you don't know that look at their number
call them up their best friend Scott
that's the Christmas butcher hahaha well
I all got started rolling right on that
helmet I was going to save it it's
funnier when you do know I'm creeped I
win the graham cracker because when you
do that then you see the graham cracker
like come on
wait why why did you hit yourself in the
face book of my fucking asshole you can
put five leaves in your mouth without
puking because I will give you whatever
changes in the change book in there oh
no I know that's not a big marshmallow
they're just sugar it was a sweetness
over here speaking of sugar you don't
partner one of the jumping to say all
right why don't you thank you thank you
there's no way I just won $5 right under
five bucks five bucks for a ranch
marshmallow yeah right then uh so too
much white for you yes which light for
me profile does leave this room
oh you're like the 20th person come up
short it again yo you a sport so much
I'll remember to link behind oh yeah
right in the tongue oh no you're all
done Joe if you're watching this one I'm
sorry for the short jokes and to please
come back when you leave apparently
everyone becomes a little more Joe and I
don't think I can I don't think I can
deal with it for a more than a week
what the fuck what was this video well
is this video caveman I tried bitch try
my best
ah I even got sick in the process it's
been great just like Joe just like to
have that commitment there you go you
guys don't show um I don't know but I
don't all my
and I can't hear you enhance we repeat
that no we can't repeat for the folks at
home she doesn't have a gag reset
thanks for that one yeah here you saw
her oh you don't want to fit
