Hey Oh where the fuck's my money dude
you fucking know what I'm talking about
whoa I'm just hanging out with this
random bastard I just was walking
through the lobby and I was like both
different I said hey can I lean on
someone and he said yes
is it absolutely I'm the kind of person
you lean on he was going to be
moderating our morning Q&A one Q&A is
there always because you don't know if
it's going to be packed or everyone
could be hungover or no one gives to
talk about it so they don't show up yeah
or they're just there to wait for the
next panel yeah like that's always a
thing there's Casey nice that's
everywhere live a ton of you were my
family
got any questions then we're going to
try and do a live stream I don't know if
the internet connection could be beefing
enough and then
and see what I think I do whole other
thing but also I'm nervous wait for
Ariana we got to be there dammit man
already so gonna see what kind of crowd
we have see how big or small it is I
believe
thank you buddy Oh
oh hello were you about to run away okay
so what is your name sir my name is Zack
I don't necessarily have a question I
know it's QA I'm an active-duty Air
Force mechanic for aircraft at and I've
been I've been to Afghanistan three
times and one of the things they don't
tell you about Afghanistan is that sure
you get attacked sure you get mortared
but they don't tell you about the tedium
how you can lose yourself in the day
eventually you forget what day it is and
it's kind of terrible right and I can't
thank you enough for the videos that you
put out because that was my clock to
tell what day it was or what even the
date was because I had no idea and I
just really appreciate it and I brought
something for you yeah yeah I don't know
if I can give it to you yeah let's do
their military coins okay I know you're
talking about yeah I don't know if
you've ever gotten one before yes no I'm
gonna come down I really want to say
what aircraft I work on but if you look
at it you can tell so yeah Bob that is
no coming really means a lot
one two three good it was good to be in
front of like a cardigan and I'm excited
for the one later cuz I'm pretty sure
Hank Green's and ask them some good
interesting questions that I'm not even
thinking about yeah we're resetting the
room back up we were nervous we want we
wanted to do a live stream for the
Friday show because we don't have enough
time to actually make something edit it
and turn it around which also I'm
finding out is a good thing that that
was our plan because James apparently
has food poisoning
sweet Oh behold Domino's Pizza okay if
you get food after 2:00 a.m. this kind
of the coin flip okay we just got done
doing the QA want to do one for this is
a channel but the internet here is very
wishy-washy so one of the guys is it one
of the guys in the control panel gave
you guys an insane setup whatever the
hell is that that is on the bed it looks
like a teen Wi-Fi hotspot we're going to
set it up so that feeds to the VidCon
control rooms that they can set it up on
our channel and then we should be able
to stream it like fibrex feed set let's
take it back
you got Sarah's ticket back on
apparently the pool is like freezing oh
really yeah what's next little I got a
sever live stream oh okay we are live
here at this one 2017 speaking with
Brian and James the post team behind
Phil DeFranco hey guys how are you look
like they dress like twins this week
yeah okay sure look at the day please
tell me I don't have to say excuse me
where's the nearest bathroom shit my
pants on
am I gonna meet Susie to it it is
certain it smoothly going to like Joe I
look not so good damn this thing really
work
subject me but your most and I was like
look at Joey's log in front of a car for
a shot this is authentic this is how we
want oh no think about it
oh no now I'm thinking about how I'm
breathing time to feel bigger I'm not
gonna interview Phil for an hour wait we
have to set up like it's a movie so
there's like a lot of just like man I'm
tired making my show for 10 years as a
YouTube vet a long time I have to poop
all the time are you pointing pointing
hello your local legend but regular old
yeah okay I feel like physically you
look you look very crime
right now if you're oh wow I didn't fix
this is Cassie and Keith my service dog
Lake Park bleh I don't think you Philip
DeFranco so much more everything you put
out online and for the reliable resource
but also for you what you put out for
creators I think because of listening to
you that I've been successful I wanted
to take thank you for that that's fun
yes bill how you feel
oh good feel like I'm getting louder and
meaner
please please go on but it's good erotic
coffee bomb we are headed to million
dollars but with resources parking but
please welcome first off I miss afraid
walk on fire
he'll ideally imagery because I'm wanted
here to be my boss again
that's why I was like nervous to watch
my favorite we never Bernie recover it
really well like a pro where everyone
was like I was a bit right that's a bit
I really do we have to make Bill around
yeah let's so I get information I'll be
fun oh my gosh
joke joke joke joke joke joke joke joke
I was feeling I'll try and come down you
know what the worst feeling in the world
was that guy that was like a signature I
was like I want him so fucking bad and
then the doors fucking closed and it was
just it was it was like heartbreaking I
got to find that guy if we go back
downstairs oh oh oh I'm not gonna get up
I want you to decide to do American
Ninja Warrior little bitch baby I ain't
doing this just know she's gonna marry a
little bitch very well it won't run up a
did your wall whole wedding off because
only you can get to the top oh no help I
do not shake as I look stupid I mean
after a few beers you do have a I'll
fail for the blonde she was doing your
autograph know someone yeah I was like
are you sure me real lady fucking dream
big kid like come on okay we're back in
my favorite place in the world with till
this time hey we're having so much fun
the sooner I can drink you with dinner I
can black out I'm assuming everybody's
being paid
be here oh my little bit that slider the
broom nipples look at these losers
they're printing my face to go on your
army how excited are you go I love it
man with this kid so how's your big time
I'm having a great time right now guys
that side of my life definitely in the
top three this is the worst night of my
life
hey Bill I wish we got to spend more
time together but you've been standing
in the same spot for about two hours
talking to a month of random the people
I would like to hang out with you maybe
go for a little walk and it's really fun
play I would like it in the blog with
you but I'm really about to kill myself
I spent another day a minute on this
plate I love you Phil and I'll see you
tomorrow
let's get the hell out of here
