hey Phil hey Joe what are you doing
packing for what it's big content come
here just finish the show it's going up
no it's better I'm sorry I want people
to know how ugly I am Joe you know I was
just thinking I haven't been on a stage
in a long time what are you doing on the
live Q&A we're doing a our side chat and
I think we're doing that thing with the
rooster tips guys and then you guys are
just going to be roaming around I think
you guys are under estimating how much
you guys are these tough look do we have
security so not you okay no one wants to
take shots at you guys everyone's like
shots with me let's get back and
Saturday everyone's really I know we're
gonna have off Monday Tuesday right I
mean you could not show up and then you
see what happened all right so after you
cool transition let's do it again it's
right oh no yeah I already messed up I
do okay let's go
hey Jackie you ready to go no or you
know I'm still printing out posters of
the year a while are you driving now
you're taking a train to go train man
I'm a trained man today mama try and
you're gonna conduct that train yeah
doo doo doo doo I like it are you
excited for VidCon I'll be excited once
we get everyone out the door we have
some important interviews we're doing
and a busy schedule and I'm like please
don't leave anything take extra just
take just take everything or you're
taking my car we're taking kylo Ren so
I'm like just pack it okay okay the
black car yes my black like black pop Oh
like a white fella like a lot of black
things I need to pull transits and stuff
we're gonna do what we do having their
fun you something
Oh anymore monta my montage of we're
going to do something cool what were you
expecting for your first week on kale I
have no idea what to expect so in my
head it goes like worst case scenario of
like a super virus and let all the sex
the thing you need to focus on is at
some point a swarm of girls might try
and attack Joe you need to be ready to
narrowboat I heard of me wants to help
you Joe but there's another person it
really doesn't because what I'm going to
do we okay fine I'll cut you six month
grace AG Mara hi Connor
thank you for your online heart currency
that makes me feel like I'm not alone in
this world we want I got to talk to my
agent that I don't have because I hate
people that give money and don't provide
much
I don't know what's out there we get to
their white supremacy
16:10
when someone's taking pictures what do
you say you want to have your office
really interactive see I can't even tell
there was a matrix you like so
all-access backstage
well did recruit oh it's so epic we're
gonna get some food first we're gonna go
to the other Creators party chill do
drug and do drugs
how big a server it out back credit it
to being the thing that made me learn
how to be able to talk to human beings
eventually fired for reasons I'm not
going to say can you just like take our
order and then click go to the back side
talents top notch cold really good we're
getting a lemon onion to read you guys a
good nose give me Taurus Taurus we're at
an Outback
fucking camera in my system is better
not Joey
get in the fucking bin or not going are
you
right day one yes or setting stuff up
spray what are you gonna go do remove go
swimming
all right so all right so I'm going to
shoot the show you guys going to hit the
floor for a little bit and we're going
to our make-a-wish meeting it's gonna be
fun and we're going to be doing a
podcast burner barks and then I don't
know what else we're doing that tonight
I also go uh go harass anyone that has
some like delete the emerg oh oh you got
it cool a little bad now feeling like
I'm setting sticking you on people good
good
the only time I stand in line to meet
someone with blue air I've no idea
what's happening what everybody is
screaming Emmy award-winning
performances that wall camera
sweet it hot Wang you smoke that ass bro
market tailors
oh shit fall let's go go look at this
guy go oh he's a ninja
look at this ninja the white ninja
alright guys up next I was talking to
his coach like squeeze your butt at the
top and you'd be good taking the stand
be squeezing that butt tight you got it
oh that's like oh fuck it's spider-man
hey I'm so happy to be a dieppe sports
marina cabling clean I wonder how many
YouTube subscribers you definitely look
like it's worth waiting in this line for
a Snickers t-shirt why why why are you
here poor dude this is where they put
you when you don't have enough
subscribers on YouTube just tell me when
I'm old enough to be happy people dead I
feel like I'm at a city Chucky Cheese
super hello I'm John how are you and
came here from Phoenix yeah you have a
fandom Phoenix hey John say good film
well I really pretty sure appreciate
what you do man i watch the show every
day George told me
sorry I'm trying to find the bathroom
and all it is women women 20 a piece so
bad
please my dear God finally here sup man
what's your name ah Sam what do you want
tell Phil I like it for sure and he's
very fair like skin tone fair yeah I'm
going to fight I'm gonna find you at the
VidCon you better stay backstage Big
Shot Scott your major trader bath guess
what
Henry do you know what day today is
it's that's a making day I love your
conscious he'll never give up I Love You
Man no that was a good kiss oh oh I
think I got a few STDs Oh being in there
Wow the fucking all these balloon
youtubers Alton Brown what's your name
I'm Sarah solar anything you want to say
to mr. Phillips stop you beautiful
bastard right now let me billing we're
going to meet Jackson
he's with a make away she wanted to meet
me and a bunch other people okay no I'm
good oh wait hey Jess here we go Oh
pleasure to meet you pleasure to meet
you too yeah and then hello family so I
have a question though how long have you
been watching anywhere from six months
to a year okay I was going to say were
you watching me when you're 11 what were
you doing what were you doing yeah it
was so smart and you mentioned something
about wanting to like work with us and
then we got sidetracked we got to find
that kids info see if how long they
stayed out here yeah you can legally
hired a 13 year old right well one he's
definitely smarter than me at that age
possibly now I've been nervous to have
to go like go ahead to head with them in
anything now we're trying to finish a
set in 18 minutes so that we can have a
podcast interview thing with with Bernie
quietly knocking I tell the private
complete hey angel congratulation VidCon
you may find a Morse code for elevators
than the last by the way where's Jam
cameras in your face
I had my hands over mine for 40 seconds
I knew you were getting that camera
we're good pretty much wrapped in the
room today I'm doing a live show well
today right so the vlogs coming out so
on the youtube.com slash philip defranco
channel i we're having a live stream at
noon pacific standard time school which
is three hours after this video gets
posted so in the day one yes now it's
just just party times we got a part of
the night Ville I am going to have a
three whole beverages it's gonna get
crazy last night I ended up accidentally
having nine drinks because everyone is
way too helpful everyone's like hey
you're in a conversation you want to
drink them like I guess I'll down this
real fast when we came upstairs I was
like oh no I'm sorry gets dizzy this is
not good I need a whole bottle of water
right now a lot of coke didn't really
help either they're gonna think they're
gonna think you're being truthful yeah
okay and it's corresponding to squirt
because I am
