once you were lucky get on the would get
onto Ober choppered they had it like two
years ago
so virginity two years ago do you think
your repeated in this office because Joe
walks into a missus it that's basically
what these videos are is you know it's
repeating jokes over
we're all it's descriptive do things of
completely somebody in their script and
every but jokes you know make this act
on that teleprompter little larger I
can't do it let's be so sorry
hey let me scroll hold on oh yeah we go
back why back wallet there's a better
way you can said that joke here that was
a good one tonight I like it was good
experience here let's go back up so you
can get back on us quickly not and
working on two thousand dollars hardware
that's gonna drive right there's an
improviser yes I'm just good that's
expensive but that that's 40 terabytes
of hard drives so what if you smash its
the like button on this video you may
just win 8 terabytes of car smash smash
that like button I would love to find
the compilation of every youtubers if
smash and just put into like button if
grown because another youtubers that are
making fun of the people that
legitimately say that set a lot gently
caressed that like but hey Bell Chuck
doing today so good so good so makes
thing I am totally amping it up for the
camera I am stressed out of my damn mind
but there's one good thing what Phil I
thought you're going to intro okay I'll
do it you know what Phil you can't do is
you can't see you can't buy a vacant
please bill we can't take it anymore
fake what I wasn't faking it I was
setting you up I mean to say fake it I
don't know what we were faking was I
always taken anyways Phil okay let's
just get to it they were smashing those
like buttons we got a smash is so hard
they they had over a 70k bill for that
that's amazing sir they only do it to
because I am like I'm like they well
they won't they're like we will we will
kiss fucking so but yes so brian has it
we're doing as that's amazing sure code
turn the camera they have that sexy pan
I expect 70,000 people to buy this piece
I don't think that could happen hey
actually if you are not already
incentivized enough to what just to put
Brian to work in general and you do
actually want the shirt I Lindsay and I
were talking my wife and I were talking
and we were like I don't know if it's
right for us to profit off of a shirt
that stemmed from her child it feels
like exploitation so all the profits
100% of the profits are gonna be going
to I was going to turn my computer
around I don't know let me just double
check these tabs it's going to go that
team know it is going to sate state I
can't say it st. Jude trick though ah
st. Jude's Children's Research Hospital
ah what is wrong with me do it again do
it no that's good I already said it
we're helping the children and maybe
there will create a fund separately a
later time for philip defranco can't say
were they bonding but st. Jude is is
fighting childhood cancer and other
life-threatening diseases is a fantastic
organization I'm very pumped that we can
take kind of this weird inside joke and
hopefully put some some good out there
into the world that's very generous of
you I like this idea that was a great
that's a great idea thanks oh I'm such a
giver but don't wait on is that at the
Dome just moment no if you hate
childhood cancer and you like support
kids in a tough situation or potentially
kids of the future that'll be in a tough
situation
well by shirt or you don't even have to
buy this shirt you can just you can just
also going to include a donate link so
that's amazing shirt a little hundred
percent were charity oh this one give
you a high five for the thanks buddy
that was slow so wall here Angela it
wasn't wet but it was like I know they
get old and Ole Miss camera they get a
little clammy okay yeah but okay
cool good job Brian thank you who are
you
I'm Chris hi Christine what are you
doing here I'm helping out major
oh yeah yeah forever no just really what
oh nice to see you again
tell me everything like woody what's
cute what you doing like right now right
now I'm working on a Google Doc I don't
think you should look at it confidential
information like what people's blood
types
I mean I'm just gonna leave you then hey
give it a bank accounts - bullshit how
do you think you're doing stealing water
steal them along with other company
assets you know oh yeah with a paper cup
yeah I'm gonna waste that paper cut bro
you don't just get large wasting one can
Tommy you're a waster you got to get a
dedicated cup for that water I found I'm
bringing it like I thought was extremely
inappropriate so every time you get a
video of me I'm like I just make it like
a green one so we can green screen it
every time nothing I do that yeah we'll
just track it take like three hours
listen fuck paper towel paper cut man I
know I you got it we have mugs
we're glasses I'm straight I'll be right
you're shaming agent Nolan doesn't
deserve it if we had a dishwasher yeah
are you talking down a machine or like
the person I seen you can get me on how
we like Rihanna I don't want you to do
too this year to shit in there what's up
Brianna was in here yeah nope she's dead
what happened - she came here basically
how are you today
I'm okay just like on camera right now
yeah how does it feel
I'm fine super stir yeah why has the
right idea you're not wasting paper
shame to people okay you know now you're
gonna respect them that's what I do you
put it in a recycle pile the only issue
that they don't recycle here oh we we
took it from the old place but they just
like billy-o all I know
you guys aren't actually researchers
here on the reality thank you it daddy
it's what it's clean in here we have
your hand it's a sugar daddy trade you
like your do you like your haircut
I started up in here Koza we're at the
Carousel they cut it on the carousel
no honey work a little bit thank you can
see
your blankets thanks can you turn off
this game assembly only it only it works
well when you have the camera Briana how
do we turn it off is the ACL the AC
filter so defeated it looks looks like
you live in an igloo are you going to
fill the bathroom I gotta have this
meeting with not going to say go surf
Elon Musk
sure yeah y'all Elon Musk jumping my
lady sake please like I know him I just
been holding battle with so needing to
make it look yes locking myself down and
death and two steals yes well it's
bringing my soul with the VHS camera I
can zoom into your soul just one
occasion she's already had ice cream eye
candy
oh man she's got the ice cream into you
amazing great keep it is it amazing
we're trying to sell the third tray we
need you to say it that's amazing
because that is woolly woolly woolly
it's pretty amazing right that could be
your dad said if I get fifty thousand
likes on the next video pray we can sell
that's amazing sir and exploit you
yeah all of the red so conceived I may
want to them can be reviewed Channel oh
yes praise Candy's Christ can be
reviewed let's see what's inside
hello candy what is it can be pretty
amazing right Wow
hey crazy people look at me right here
we can just replace your mouth oh that's
perfect
she's having a party this weekend yeah
having a bachelor party
yeah it's rare you wanna come yeah okay
cool
we'll pick you up around the party and
that's amazing an equally good time me
too you know what I thought you're going
to do dude that's right I'm getting
married in a couple weeks have any
advice for me that's pretty good looks
like it works yeah it's work like shit
yeah geez I hope it's so so Joe Joe Joe
Joe well if it doesn't sell well we know
that the audience loves making me angry
I are proving me wrong and hates
children once we learn to like teams you
don't need to be a big column busy be a
mess
