would you long Jax every pizza for lunch
because we had a bunch of new people and
I can do red sauce because I have acid
reflux and so I'm trying to call this
place and ask for white sauce but the
first time I know there are a number and
I was asking for a white sauce piece and
he's like well what can it be cool do
you have I'm like bitch he's like did
you mean it done well whatever whatever
automotive I'm like no season you should
call them back and everything's like
conversation again I had a foolish head
together get together to ask about you
got that white keep I believe in you hi
sorry I lost you earlier you give anyone
I'm sorry do you think it'll keep those
with white sauce of the district looking
pretty colors hey what up are you doing
today good a lot of stuff is always but
a good day it's a nice certain
individual thank you I think I need a
wear more grown-up shirt your styles and
pretty thank you Joe but I don't know
how to take that anytime you give
someone a compliment right about any
sort of change is essentially an
acknowledgment that they were shitty
previously yeah like whenever you're
like you lost weight is your fat fuck
normally this grain because what's going
on they still you're doing research and
looking at emails but they got new
people today
yeah we got several researchers I
haven't gotten to the part where and
they can battle to the death which is so
it's high spirits what ii look like blue
is gonna be blue if they do it right but
no so it's new blood and it's just it's
kind of fun and it's also it makes me a
little nervous because I've never really
worked as a team on a creative project
pretty much my entire life I take
everything on my own shoulders or I'm
like I'm Aaron
Stan NASA and that is what something off
you or me but now this is like it was
kind of like figuring out it back and
forth it's only three of the the four
people that were testing that's going to
open up a lot of potential weekend comes
out sweet can well do a lot of it fills
so we have someone coming up I don't
know if we want to advertise but Gary
B's coming into office I uh I head them
up just because I'm looking for more and
more people that I respect in the
industry and people that I've kind of
want to like pick their brain a little
bit and just also see if they have any
ideas of people out there that are
interested in this field that I'm not
maybe thinking oh cool that's so I think
the biggest my biggest asset is
realizing where I shirt falls and and
also still looking to other Creators and
other people and and like respecting
their opinion knowing that I'm not
infallible don't give still will it all
gary visas are a choice is the man you
like I love them you watch those dailies
yeah Gary's actually probably reason you
have a job and I'm gonna say that you do
you rock because do you ever I'm a diva
comes gonna look a lot like a regiment
all right well-well go we'll go meet the
new peeps and then you know we'll check
out Harry V I will got to be nice to
Gary - I mean I will be nice to Gary
what can I say weird shit person it yeah
go for it was at this moment that he
knew he fucked out okay okay so
something I'm glad these guys are these
they're a researcher so introduce
ourselves your number one bro my name is
Mike my laughs okay humanity crimes
about twice gene sounds like a rapper
your upper deck you got it Rhodesia
on the weekends both Hageman apartments
a wedding here in sweet Rover is it a
good exit you're 14 yeah there you go
feeling okay to sell your neck tell me
everything about you where do you come
from
yeah are you from LA yeah well
your favorite word
thank you really nervous are you like I
like shake you like to vote give me
something yeah okay cool okay good
you three go go uh what's your favorite
adult beverage here want like a good
like quarters like fun right there all
the way that I like with the cameras of
peace turn blue i'm brian with an i
brian with low duration of a brian and
the office
brian Briana and Ryan no definitely a
plenty of calling the original Brian
knew Brian
catch on and early on through today's
yeah hey where did you come from
Camarillo California it is me how
Camarillo did a teacher for a wild
except like New York Paris Tokyo
Camarillo standing tall amongst the
great not a great favorite day of the
week look at that question
ooh probably when they're like Wednesday
all right you're I thought that well but
we're taught was great interviewing you
guys this ring that went well should we
do a huddle team we usually do honey
pinky King I don't know what research
team write 3 will be 1 2 3 researching
what do you think if you guys like
national days to do those all the time
okay you don't know they are all right
cool strike one straight right into hot
packs in here how many times that's what
banging or got a brac the hell is this
guy Thor Ragnarok welcome to the team
Thor rag but what's your name Luke Luke
yes touch my hat that's sex or abuse
HR I'm actually the official new HR
level right so where do you come from
South Carolina
well welcome to the team blue we did it
okay nice rack to it a nice rack okay
huh oh are you saving the shirt all
today the viewers would love that
not like Keith is ready joining a
convent yes side nipples hips I look
very shy like my bladders Ryan you don't
look like you have said nipple oh I
think they could be a to sir make it
easier than just the next one to the
city in F so you know how they have
those t-shirts like the girls can buy
that have like ice cream cones
oh yeah the chair isn't sup we should
get one or make one digit spinach Ryan
you go do that on my geography book
cause it's been my nipple watch and my
nipples designs we need to document your
Christmas did not picture of whatnot and
I really need real sense I think that's
a great idea though Brian Nichols
goodness well they have that set funds
like one oh that's neat
what don't I know absolutely
that's on oh please that's not a tray of
I don't selling this on every day like
you know what the world needs maybe
they're really into like old-school
airplane so they like this one oh I know
it yeah yeah oh there you go or if you
pour it away it gives a little a little
spin I don't know if Gary's coming with
me rocket cameraman called you up that's
the thing that can I get it maybe maybe
Gary gave me something
he got an animation how we won yeah
Ellen Jamison don't go buy anything
yeah
guys we're going for a big test Briana
is our thumbnail of shits and here's the
thing what if Briana outperforms me by
like 20% but also what happens if Briana
underperform like me likely than nothing
hey this is what I'm going to do like
what those totally real vloggers do and
after the fact posed with them I think
you can go yes so we did that was a PDS
no no I'm talking about like where it's
like what's in the box and just like
well I tell nothing in the box it's
crazy let's make some fake thumbnail to
be here and to be supposed open affairs
how is that don't don't wake me right
behind yes yes there people you know
okay cool guys hello oh well we also
randomly film as well oh yeah there do
man you're the reason I have a Johnny I
yell at Joe when he shoots me that low
like no because I got to do this thing
are you guys
yeah you guys what I'm colors oh man
anything for two years because we all
work in a pretty much a box you don't
have windows exactly upgrade
well yeah yeah I look I think I can
legally say that oh right right right
right
so I follow this is we should I follow
yeah I should follow right yes my job
I'm gonna follow
well so are you guys also mainly based
in New York he really does I like that
you unplug that month let me know lock
if you could unlock oh we got do you
know what I was missing what you were
straight up you know seriously about you
and I well much to his credit like you
were definitely now that rewinding my
mind affected by say Frank oh yeah yeah
yeah so what are you guys doing now
building out on our channels but
building out a news network that's the
ultimate goal a news network yes what
are you doing on things like social the
kids the brand of snapchat no no that's
where you need to blow up you have to
you have to talk to it Instagram and
snapchat stories for you it's just very
good you'll just super well I think what
would you would you do new is there or
there just be the behind the scenes kind
of like the secondary channel either
Frank like I just think you guys are
talented like it's inconceivable to me
thank you guys going into one of your
nice rooms and just like fucking
bringing some of this liquor like you
can't come out of it with like real shit
I just blindly believing I mean my bar
yeah like I don't know whatever fuck you
want you will figure that yeah you do
yeah I think I think the reason I have
had the most trouble with those things
is at least all the places that we
thrive there's been a direct monetary
gain from it that's right right so
that's what that's the problem
yeah and that's what I want to break you
out of like don't think about that
understand that attention is the
currency and everything works it sit
down you want a job here I just don't
want you to not get serious about those
noises because they matter too much real
celebrities don't do shit real
celebrities don't do shit because
they're embarrassed of how low their
numbers are so they don't do it all so
instead of starting and grinding and
being a real celebrity that has 48
thousand followers on Instagram they
decided to not do it at all what about
access of spacetimes or 101
okay so I know you need to do that you
do that like crazy but you also have
about three times my energy and one of
the big things that I noticed four times
okay sorry
five is why you guys just talking is one
of the get are you doing this all well
you have kids right thank you kids and I
actually love fucking on the feel of
vaynermedia
yeah like vaynermedia is a 750 person
for office 150 million dollars top
flight agency I applaud you guys in
higher weight really web dude when this
son of a bitch ah great to see ya I'm
gonna fall right now oh well I should
say like the whole reason that we even
have this channel what we're doing is
based off of my viewing of daily be like
because everyone was doing like I'm
pointing a camera at myself and I found
at that fucking time
I can't do that sometimes people get mad
and even on wheels longer because I
don't pet it and film and like cool it
stays with you okay
