right look at this office Wow
hi all right Phil that's different I
know I just I want to show people all
around the office look just look there
we go we're just we're just looking
around today yeah yeah keeping it
different because every time it's come
in and say hey now I'm gonna come in
we're gonna explore around a little bit
we got man here we got the that's called
the what a camera yeah great you're
killing it
Carolyn Phil in the game so what's going
on today how are you today what's going
on today
good just working working working we're
having some a friend coming over today I
mean we're just always tinkering and
test him
yeah take her in and test contestants
all right Phil what he doing this
weekend what are you doing in Vegas I'm
what we're gonna surprise a buddy of
mine he thinks that we can't do dinner
Friday we gotta do family stuff and for
once that's not true we're we're gonna
be about in Vegas gonna take him out and
have a good time cool and then I'll
hopefully be back for the Super Bowl I
don't even know who's playing this year
Phil play you know what that's a that's
a story I didn't cover in the in the
 show because people don't like
sports that watch my show very
unfortunately but apparently viewership
is down immensely it used to be like
four years ago 75% of men that were
pulled in the United States we're like
oh yeah I follow it to some degree it's
like down to 52% damn I think I might
have up the numbers but I'm
pretty sure I read something like that
and don't fact-check me there you go all
right so we hope that uh the Orioles win
and that'll be great you know you know
enough of sports you know that's not
 Patriots are it again goddamn and
how many damn times they're gonna seem
to get grills how dare you how dare you
use the name of a team that of Cal
Ripken jr. on it you know Phil I have a
story about Howard Kahn jr. and those
things kind of long but yes so yeah when
I before I came out to California I
worked for a small production company in
Maryland and we would do commercials
with Cal Ripken and one day I was taking
a piss with him that's the story yeah
that's it we were just taking a piss and
he was like hey man how you doing I was
like I'm taking a piss take of Cal
Ripken right so he did he actually
talked to you well yeah yeah he just
said what's up how you doing I was like
I'm doing fine dude I'm just you know
winning it let it flow nice man really
nice man I hope he never sees this it
was it was a three three person stole
right when you started the story did you
realize
the whole story was just that you and
Cal Ripken were both holding your
penises in the room together that's it
there's nothing there's no arc it just
it's a moment I like to pretend that
that moments or stories filled well you
know you know what I did ask him but I
was like can you give me a shout-out can
you say I love Joe nation TV on camera
in my channel and he was like no sorry
can't do it he said that as you were
recording oh no no we said the boss
asked him fill out and if I had owned
that company your ass would have been
police well some things never change
Phil we have people come together like
hey give me a shout-out
actually I don't know if I would since
apparently every time I take you
somewhere you're like you got
applications all right fella give me a
great day it's great day bye Phil hello
what are you doing what are we what is
this and just see what you guys are
doing Oh talking okay so what's going on
today Morgan for a test all right
everyone's favorite comedian host but
not funny now so it's gonna be Elliott
and Phil chatting yes excellent sounds
good you know you very much I lost it in
the divorce I put that on the Internet
like a little baby
see use for rent though oh oh I like you
my sweet Ellie what are you doing here
today
um I think Phil and I are gonna talk
about the news new nude yeah yeah I have
a story that we're gonna talk about okay
involves a Donald Trump Oh who's that
Donald Trump is the
oh yes all right great man will can't
wait to film you and and and and like we
heard there's an issue going on did you
put in the dryer did you like Washington
boys I don't see how I could have taken
someone's pants that's that this order
called we're like you're convinced
someone you know Ghatak stolen and
cologne when I got dr. bailey's you
don't talking about and then you're
convinced like they're a clone pants or
maybe you're you know or there could be
like like a pant step and they're just
going around switching people's pants
for the better pants are they dead or
passed I mean what brand is it took the
brain to take the size it's like you
know they put on pants they know what
the pants feel like so when there's a
new set of pants you know it there's a
little bit of a shock value and so
you're like oh this might not be my
pants so I understand I know where
you're coming from
you ever go pants shopping pants - feel
good - stops for pants anybody
I love talking about I can talk about
pants all day so pants on the ground so
Nina I want to get the update figured
out hit the pants that is if there is
one we're gonna bring this person to
justice what are you doing I'm just
signing paperwork thank you for it
Florida this is just like the the
regular release in case we want to use
the footage in that NBA in case we say
something horrible I thought he was
drawing a picture of doing character yes
only you would doodle a character on an
end eh oh no we should have a character
artist coming up what do you think about
that
you pretty good day quick cuts are doing
looking fast
keyboard shortcuts down mark if anything
I'm gonna broke you tur know I just sat
here I tried to turn it on like this and
then it went to bless me so 18 course I
will prove they were left
yeah it'll prove it he was pressing all
these buttons that touch oh wow
that's a nice for revamping all my stuff
I know tell me about the blanket had you
had to feel holding it soft soft yeah
we're thinking of switching where we get
a lot of stuff made different products
and stuff the things that we have now
are great but it's always just getting
that quality you ever thinking about
selling t-shirts bill once long ago
definitely wasn't feel related anything
you want to say for the end I got
nothing I'm so tired I'm so tired
I've gone like consistently five hours
every day every night
oh yeah which is adding up to things I
say that in the video someone's like
you're look you were even able to get
sleep I get thirty minutes a week okay
it wasn't a contest I don't take care of
myself I only get five hours of sleep we
should work event like to Phil DeFranco
Phil where you only need to get like an
hour sleep you know Phil DeFranco pill
alright Phil good night need the 22nd
inning which I do 90 20 seconds me 20
seconds for an ending I do
Brian Brian for 20 seconds I need 20
seconds 20 seconds of anything anything
yeah 20 seconds I need 20 seconds I can
flip anything I need to get me
something please Joe please Ida man I
knew 20 seconds
