oh no sales went up before so one of the
first stories were going to talk about
today is a youtuber by the name of
Austin Jones very large as a large
audience musician was touring until here
I think he turned himself in but when t4
was talking to 14 year old girls getting
them to send sexually explicit stuff but
a lot of the places aren't talking about
what he actually said he said to one of
the victims okay so I need you to do an
intro video at the beginning get super
close and say lines like hey Austin it's
your name and this but is insert your
age years old and then make a clap for
30 seconds and then she says okay so
it's a real thing anyone posts anywhere
he says right I delete them after I
score them so this is a 24 year old
talking to a 14 year old then he kind of
like negs the first girl and he says in
your honest opinion do you think your
butt is good enough to give guys boners
she says yes I have given guys donors
with it many times he says it hasn't
given me a boner yet that's why I'm
concerned she says damn it he says I
guess try harder
sounds like a 70 year old this is just
wasn't reface Jones says your why'd you
have to be good enough so that when you
spread your cheeks
it shows the edges of your butthole oh
my god that would be so funny it's also
by the way this guy's facing 30 years in
jail no one in the room no one on the
room Munson I think we got we got the
audio Amanda's on is that so I mean
we're covering it and obviously there's
like the disgusting and cringe factor
and please laughter please but it's I
feel like it's just like disgusted
laughter became bullying at this
yes yeah he was a white athlete you'd be
off scot-free a tip the truth hahaha
James can you tell James went to a
liberal arts college
I was like I'm shine a light on it
so that hopefully dissuades other
fucking weird monsters I luck into the
position of being a prominent tuber
oh no sales look I can kind of make out
yeah so what happened wait can you tell
me what happened what I wasn't here I
was getting everybody to work fascist
well I thought we were making a surprise
always shares each other
no no this was going to be a good shirt
which switched video which video uh no
the butthole so we need to be able to be
our work so I was like like Steve works
out I feel like you have to laugh at it
because it's so disgusting and wrong
yeah like it's the only way that you're
like let's not fuck is really burn
everything in a general area well you
don't so let's go through some of this
mail people ready start setting some new
boss oh you want to want to try I read
that book your your wife gave me that
book oh really
yeah oh so my dog died so they read this
really she gave us you after that hey
would you like the beginning of the mail
video again yeah you got to tell Amanda
dress right here yeah right here
I don't know I mean um boys this one's
wrong are you okay I'm alright
you okay pop it up stuff bill yeah yeah
suck it up be a pro I'll suck it up for
you to see on this drum set K Oh
this called a detour karate I used to
when I was a kid I was like I was the
kid that went to the one that was again
a shopping center the sensei was a guy
that sold cars was my dad I think was a
Toyota definitely treat me like his
friend's son you let me move up way too
fast oh no this is from Kenny karate
otherwise known except cake he's talking
about the pulse nightclub shooting and
how we donated money to go fund me
campaign inspired him a lot of beautiful
stuff in here I love you sad thank you
friend I wanna see if it sticks on true
oh yeah oh my god this would be amazing
that was look that's really amazing
no sir that's amazing oh yes so there
sir still no the people don't want it Oh
Phil come on wait sir and we're done for
this video I have feeling a certain
number of life what's number like if you
get if you get it to a certain number of
blanks will launch it with a shirt what
sir I never done or like in English
I don't 15 let's make it 50 or a smoogle
300 I don't think you can talk about
hundred thousand like 50-50 bet I want
to give you with like a chance okay shot
okay so pretty down
how about 51,000 mega well interested
51,000 jail all right don't do about the
music you're gonna be so depressed when
it's like 36 this is from sue joyful oh
she's from Sandusky so the lens thank
you so much for your hard work love all
the videos recently had three back
surgery and as a family with no cable
and she's been my lifeline to the
outside world your family has brighten
my life trey is so adorable he is thank
you just a lot of love a lot of love she
made these living custom bibs which is
gonna be great because we got baby
number two which is Lindsey release the
name Joe babies on called the show oh
yeah I can name me feel real name of
Carter oh that's a nice no harder
William DeFranco williams lindsey is at
a grandfather's name her mom so I love
watching her tell my mom because her mom
was like sure keep together for me maybe
next time still maybe next time what
name do you kidding me that's awesome
Scituate well you are incredibly
talented I got it I got to give you like
full-on
pimp outs I have you going back good yes
look at the reaction really is a hold of
the minor in like Nick Carter's airing
targets that's what you named the
mattress
no we named him after John Carter and
also one of our greatest president not
really coming is pretty nice guys hey my
cool this is from you goat mold you go
male
ivory smut clever just something in here
that makes us
you go mail we heard you like puns we
heard you like funds we're trying to
play catch-up oh man oh it's okay Keith
I like that he throws this is from the
beautiful bastards that are part of the
defranco elite calm private discourse I
love you I've seen your request I'm open
to the idea there being a not safe for
work Channel and because you sent this
I'm going to open it up today the video
the day this video goes out this is why
now you know all right let's just oh
it's from Steven Spinola I hate you good
hair bill you're not going to go bald in
your lifetime Thank You Man I hope not
this one is from Ruben Ruiz a junior oh
and this one's actually from your lips
he'll show you guys oh yeah
all right let's see so close off those
guns Joe I need to go to the gym a bunch
more nothing I didn't go to Tim all week
I've been sick holy shit write as letter
for you so these whoa whoa what like
they're taped pulled off if you want to
read this yeah my name is Brian booyah
good a taping stuff
Brian booyaka professional character
artist and illustrator he's done a lot
of work on DC and many others back in
the day Brian suffers from a large non
cancerous mass in his throat
this man has also made it impossible for
him to swallow this including a GoFundMe
so now I'm not asking you I am begging
for your aid and please would you kindly
help teacher Brian yeah Wow okay holy
all right we good food look oh my god
you are talented cloud in sepra so what
I'm looking at nice DB say that mean so
definitely I'm more than happy to pimp
it out if you would if you would like to
help the link to the GoFundMe is here it
is also in the description also sidenote
amazing work it's some natural-born
patriot from liberal company flu
there's no bandage natural-born patriot
like I've even got a little we're in it
so it looks like I've been out doing
stuff and not enough not in office
building
well ours today heroin so sweet sent me
a medium oh that fits perfect but your
medium right yeah me Blanche I want a
tree yeah he'll agree that maybe the
body sweet I'm down
thank you so whoever sent that unless it
was the brand you buy a hat from a place
called hat for poor head this time
Trevor can you take out the five I got
more like I was thinking like super
weird like slime like oh very
counterculture and don't win that I just
want to thank them supposedly murica
heck for it's a single one it's like
eggs look excellent
three we have hack where I aim to have
the same week we can open up a
restaurant it's cause of that bad I mean
it's a very punked it's a little Ashley
like oh my god you know what you look
like you look like a dad on 4th of July
oh absolutely like is that onward the
dilemma it's like going to be grilling
and chilling absolutely not Brandon
Brandon bring it up you have a great
chat everybody's calling your film kid
boy
companies like under new people right
