oh those all day all very excited you
why are you so excited to teachers on
market dating is ruining I would put the
F word Whiteside oh my god oh no what is
open all this I won what sauce but I'll
have someone please take another horse
go Thank You things hanging say
thank still food you know my cock so is
what we're going to need to talk
creative but to we're going to be hiring
seven people and way of ever starting
next week hiring for researchers
fulfillment person also when I can get
any quote PA to start Monday
oh it is I'll confirm now okay so we
might have five big people couldn't want
it I don't have any ideas for like when
they come in as a concept too much like
a camp counselor but like anything to
bond or important people into the group
any ideas welcome any were just talking
about maybe we should have First Fridays
again the way we have just recently it
had anything so much easier no yeah well
and then I guess I kind of want to just
announce that and then ask there any
questions so they aware about you know
watch animal that that's a good question
conflict them about that when I called
that today also and we didn't like
probably talking about it but are you
comfortable with to vlog tell me you if
any of them aren't then I'll just let
you know but I think it's just probably
fine they all they all came in knowing
they're coming in and wanting to be here
nope okay then the rest of the day is me
figuring out if we're looking up
equipment bitte for all the people that
are about to start so we're moving to
tops is right went off into the zero
that's what you want we just put them at
the Starbucks tones where I'll end up
rotational chair channeling on Wednesday
is your boy your chair their taste for
girl your chair floor we do musical shit
can we do a thing like every hour we
have surely end up in class
so you're the biggest wildcard to be
right now I'm so scared because these
are people that they've seen it on
camera but they haven't seen wooden
cutout
like twin DNA charge okay good so much
because everything shell I think
everybody we find is a bit of fun group
you just say the whole nature so it'll
be like there's no excuse you're in the
digital a are what's exciting over here
good I think we figured out what our
blue leakage in our walls we have a glue
leakage and we didn't know what to do so
I went to read it and a lot of people
are saying that it was that spray foam
that was improperly mixed so we saw them
no they pumped it they had a pump so
show me where the glue is so many
blueberries on a come on boys calcite
case now you guys have some chips thing
a blue oh like a blue friend Roger
Rabbit who framed roger rabbit remember
yeah just like cases will be playing are
like rivers you can taste like a sign
it's gross well I can oh it's Primrose
remember through a good reference so
someone has it is it's still liquidy and
free-flowing or is it sniffing hard its
difficulty and yeah yeah but always new
people gonna go fill they're going to go
into this room which one's the cafeteria
I think that we're going to just treat
this general area as we don't really use
these couches a long long time ago they
were what I actually is in my house and
they were at the studio for years and
years ago let's trace and see them one
of these couches though so why I'm gonna
have to hire an HR we get it we just got
hope they're on throw be it as HR they
won't have any excuses so the other the
other guys the other three people that
we hired we told them in the room madam
loved them set it to them their big
reaction Breanna wasn't happy Breanna
hates all the new people why do you
don't do people they're all assholes and
they'll start a big smell and they suck
and is my glory I'm the new hire okay
I'm the newbie in defense she wasn't
even a new hire anymore Zacks on board
yeah are you talking about I was going
to say one thing though what for you lay
down so like I'm so scared I shouldn't
feel like my body's too good FaceTime
them this is a different
why not but you have to hide the camera
the camera can't be in the shot I can
just call no face huh you said it it's a
beaut yeah I take the a charge it looks
back that's a lot better
you're lucky I suck oh no you tell me
what I just found in our in our in
Phil's office what this item is
I don't know but I really I was cleaning
out the glue and then this like out of
the wall so it's hard
hold on do music so it's it's a hard
object rockers well I thought and some
asshole like spit dumb in our wall okay
it's a like right now yeah connection is
sticky there I know that it's not
anything nasty we're just seeing it
stretch between our gloves
yeah I want to save it to science
reasons I wonder when it's going to stop
it's not we need it like to get it
caught is that with that I don't know so
there's this whole black hole in there
and if you you're reaching into that
little cavity well what is it a beer I'd
rather our walls be bleeding but I
really am going to wash it off you know
what exactly this item is a burb burb
smear that is not one of those looks
like that's a bad conscience yeah that's
what your path looks like most problem
that's not the right doctor don't go to
that doctor
what are we doing or historian faced I'm
the last of the employees 4-iron for
people the reactions were so big with
when we hire
filament and the PAS kind of want to see
is little moments let me guess I just
like capture something so I look back to
it they call that we didn't hate this
job
yeah I like you Danny
oh good I'm calling because we won't use
on our team
really yeah why would I think I'm
utilizing we would love for you to join
us and be one of our researchers okay
awesome thank you so much Oh No okay go
back
hell yeah bye how that looks cool smells
cool it also calls I wouldn't say they
didn't get the job fields there they
react we're calling Nina now my
neighbor's dog I'm yeah I'm calling
because I wanted to invite you to join
our team as a researcher we'd love for
you to start I give you you know a
couple weeks right one meet perfect
Congrats and welcome yeah yeah I'm
excited for Cecilia she didn't have a
big reaction is she asleep tonight crime
no although we can't it's a silly
appropriate in this video I don't know
how I'm going to get along with these
new people you don't know I'm going to
go all you fine funders do your thing
read Jim the camera in their face
literally speak sect again we come back
to credible no I'm still a dozen how am
I
we can just do voice for her I like how
I'm like really and you know I got my
ass a tile - serious Danny hey hey I
wanted to reach back out to you to let
you know that we'd love to have you join
our team as a researcher oh yeah I would
love to I would really really love to
awesome we'll see you on Monday okay
yeah I'm okay have a great weekend thank
you discovery Rose right now this is
just audio hello scientists and giving
you a call back from both teams are
welcome hello how are you good
I wanted to invite you to join our team
as a researcher oh I love it yeah I'll
give you a I'll give you all those
details in the email actually I go have
a great weekend
let's tell them for am like okay I can't
wait like you feel what I hope is there
goes I wish them a happy birthday and
say that we've moved on and chosen
another candidate all right cool we'll
have it so with all their names again
Cecilia Brian Nina and Mike boo you know
good it may be why I know that because
I'm working with the sweet lead people
probably more than I'm working with you
Jill oh no Emily it's my family over in
New Jersey that I don't talk about oh no
they're gonna get jealous
give me some jealousy going on here okay
they found two good people today and I
was so many total we're planning on
hiring two researchers yeah I'm only
planning on
two of them and they all impressed me in
different ways you were like on her oh I
was like haha
and then we know yeah that was the end
of the sentence I wasn't like but maybe
a little eat
thank you buddy build up the team
buddies he's got me horrible buddy to
comb fillers thanks fillers you know
okay cool I think we're done
cool we're just talking about how I just
hit a in the face with a beach ball it
had been 2012-2013 we got the basketball
open sources there's a path you pop it
out it is a pad and I got researched
somewhere is like I think you're just
building a slow compilation of either
impulses
