we do go on the carousel Club white
buggy
working man sup what are you doing Phil
just looking through some things it's
more email still yes being couple of
emails on right here snails oh I see
what you're saying oh those kind of mail
still booth I want to take ownership of
your horrible joke
what up sons come into this so yeah you
know what's coming in Sam's coming in
still I barely discovered it are you
informing me when you're informing the
audience we're doing office today we're
starting vessels yeah yeah man is just
judging from afar yeah the connectivity
he's so hot so the reason Sam's in
studio and he's in this video is because
we were offered a spot at the junket for
the mummy in New York but we are
currently slammed to launching the news
network doing all that stuff but Sam
that is his bread and butter and also to
our boy Sam has a kind of a sort of a
complete crush on sofia boutella and I
thought let's throw them a bone and see
see what happens that's where I'm going
where are you going oh oh in that box
Oh Wood Wood does it take this on a
plane I'll plate up some research
Bishop's at all we're going to go do
junket for the mummy movie that's coming
out Tom Cruise sofia boutella
and really playing Jenga we wouldn't
trust anyone else but you yeah I wish I
can go with you
that would have been really fun I know
because that's around we can go to Times
Square what else can you do in New York
no dress we could do a cosplay photo
shoot and then we can go out at night
actually try to fight crime you know
what maybe I can just tell me like case
and ice that to the way like I've tacked
a penny for it I don't know how to write
it but I could pack it and I have a
GoPro on a stick and a drone and I can
bring out like a Samsung can I could
just be like pick me up
check me out there's a warning I'm not
the best at acting so check this out
now I'm gonna have a star-lord jacket
pick up some chicks in there right
pretty cool right
I got Reptar Paranal and Rocko's Modern
Life I love your wardrobe stove yeah now
you're going to impress the Sofia what's
what's so bad back home gonna be a
bastard oh oh I see the mommy you girl
on your own Jayla Oh doesn't kiss I mean
I'm not gonna presume anything all right
Sam can't fuck this up oh no I mean you
probably I make your Prime the people
like when you say that's amazing in
honor of Trey it's amazing
you get all that mm-hmm I'm gonna be
vlogging and we're recording how's that
look look at that pretty good all right
I'm on my way to the airport
all right bye guys we're gonna go on the
trip all right fun I'll have folk when
I'm caught okay I'm Harry I think we got
it thank you lunch they love you have
Tom Cruise for me okay bye bye and well
it doesn't look like New York yet but
looky there
we did it I'm gonna die blending and
nothing to say sorry ways to put it
there supposed to be a nice day right
down there I want to go ice skate my
whole day is rude yeah that's where they
do something it's a new right I don't
have guys no idea okay the flow is a
goddamn zoom you're welcome
all right so we're heading over to the
premier for the mummy got a tie even I
earned it the fire ties right guys I'm
just so freaking excited right now
maybe I get the next Tom Tommy jumpy no
gettin used to do his puppet kind of
want to turn the camera around but you
can't see mutti I just did the exact
opposite well okay so anyways the movies
gonna start soon
I love you Hey okay we're excited to
show you this movie all right let's get
it started get it going Wow three two
ago my good morning boys and girls today
the big day it's the interview day I
will be talking with the cast and crew
of the mummy a specifically Alex
Kurtzman director sofia boutella
with the mummy and jake johnson from new
girl and Courtney vans from the people
were so Jay they have really fun roles
in the movie that I don't wanna spoil
I can't wait to ask my questions and
play Jenga we should be fun be proud of
me please blur out my face was like a
facetune thing so I look real cool love
you guys were about to get going I'll
think I'm professional not for this I
look more play Jenga Oh
Vijender I give you a quick high-five
for an awful yeah last night ah oh shut
out you pointed out we're matching today
is shitty cool if you guys were to be in
a room by yourself with the mummy how
long do you think you'd last how long do
you think you'll actually second on me I
say that watch it backup system so we're
gonna play a little bit Jenga see go
ahead go first you can pull yours while
I ask you a question
I mean I'm pushing something over there
yeah yeah yeah foreign you don't I don't
like that you tell me what to do
how freaking stoked for you to kick off
this Universal dark universe
I've loved these monsters since I was a
kid to be able to honor the classics
make a new generation feel what I
thought when I saw those zones I wanted
to find a way to bring that to a modern
audience and honor what came that my
supposed to asking question go ahead you
yeah greatest compliment you've ever
received
that's a good question thank you so much
for asking uh I I got a compliment from
Matt Smith who plays the doctor on
Doctor Who
hello he complimented my boat I
accidentally wore when I met him so I
was matching his costume from the TV
show you mean just like exactly what's
happening today yeah how did you know I
was going to wear a florist shirt I
don't know maybe guys secret power ah
what I loved about this is the mix
between just like there's only like a
little bit of CGI that I could notice
but everything else is practical and
especially the zero-g you think that's
all you film that we've been enough for
real an appointment for the zero-g
sequence we went into what's called
Obama's comment which is a plane that
drops straight down and freefall for 22
seconds and in that window of time
everybody goes weightless so that take
where you're seeing them spinning
through they're all real all in a plane
is plummeting toward Earth and that took
about two days and 64 takes so what's
your hidden talent I can shake my hair
by my bed oh you can say hello yourself
that says you're flippy flexible
nudie yoga I mean incredible who are
women maybe like it okay
do women like this no no what do we do
at the end I feel like I'm not done here
you do want to sit oh yes with me so
there you go over you ha ha
congratulations
high-five high-five
we did it I hope you guys enjoyed those
interviews I had a blast all over and
now I got a few hours to kill in New
York so mm we all have fun stuff look at
all
collapse a little depressing we'll go
ahead and look over here you guys want
some mmm okay now we run to the airport
because I wasn't big attention we're
going to make it and you made that who
Joe or Keith are you doing okay good
let's go grab a drink hey guys if you if
you liked this video you liked our boy
Sam either from the olden days or your
this the first time you're seeing them
and you like nerdy stuff movie stuff
comic books all that stuff I highly
recommend you check them out cube calm
Sam basher he also has a podcast called
only stupid answers he's one of the most
fantastic beautiful bastards in the
world I just had to give them some love
Dumas shout out and hope you enjoy Joe I
mean let me drop out of frame okay okay
that look so not really slow like Arabic
session noise okay cool thanks Bill
thanks where'd you go oh damn
