hello Phil show all right so hey a
beautiful bachelors it's actually Friday
we're just--we're quickly turning this
video out to say there is no vlog vlog
and it's for several reasons to stick
around don't this video video is not an
excuse as much as it is an explanation
first thing is we actually did have a
vlog but upon reviewing it it was
garbage and it wasn't your fault Joe I
know fill it bro I mean it was a little
bit Brian's fault it was my fault it's
really anymore it's all changed I was
sick building Franco on the crew they
change kind of properly set it up and
it's this new idea it has the beginnings
of something really really cool but it
wasn't there and I don't want to throw a
garbage product just ahead the three
days even though I guess posting this
video is this a garbage product oh so
it's okay the quality down yeah we'll do
a little graphic so rather than making
up something as if like something
happened yesterday and we're figuring
things out I'm going to spend the time
on a few things the first is that Dani
has found the last seven oh yes a lot
last seven candidates I'll be picking
five of them most likely so the team's
about to grow by five or six people
probably I'm very excited about that
also I have to finish some transition
blah blah blah boring paperwork to get a
few things put in the company's name
which by the way actually I'm going to
take this moment to explain a lot of
people think that the news networks name
is Rho rocket because they see us with
the hoodies and stuff that is just the
name of the production company the
back-end company that's making
everything that's that's mine the news
network will be a whole different thing
that's gonna be road rocket news why do
I say shit and that now like people got
a register now you got to pick up all
the names Joe okay it's fine
god yeah but the last thing is we're
also we're also going to be spending the
time upping the security of the office
because yesterday while I was filming
the show someone found the office
someone somehow got into our actual
studio and walked in as I was filming
and I mean at literally as I was filming
there's video of me trying to understand
what exactly is happening come in hi are
you looking for a
who are you looking for anyone anyone
okay what's that oh wait can you open
and I did make it yeah
wait let's open the robotoid no it's
cool okay well that was interesting
hmm someone found our office and just
walked into my room that is we need to
change the lot so I don't want to be
like hard on the guy because I think
that maybe he just didn't realize that
that's not cool just to randomly show up
and go into someone's place with no
permission I think technically it could
cry I've tried to be nice just because I
know that some people don't understand
you know the social barriers expected to
use euphemisms here Danny but I did see
I was confused because I thought it was
someone that came in on the wrong day to
interview with Danny and then I was just
like oh oh this is a bad thing and the
person was also carrying a box and then
they walked into my room and closed the
door I was like I'm about to die but you
know what maybe I'm not about to die let
me see if I can diffuse the situation I
walked up shook his hand to open that
fucking door as fast as possible and
ready to hear the show so if a bomb went
up what that's to Phil well no that's
why he closed the door he only won take
me out he's a big fan of the vlog not
bad but everything's fine just to make
everyone feel comfortable here we're
gonna upgrade a few things we're talking
to the landlord just to put a few things
into place everything's fine I just
wanted to give you an update on what we
were spending the time on rather than
what you would normally be getting but
there is still a Friday Philip DeFranco
show so yeah no I did inside house it
inside like all my emotions it's still
gonna be a Phil to Franco show be sure
to go check that out it's always posted
at noon on Fridays always two hours
earlier than normal that's it I'm going
to go well I mean I don't really have to
go I'm 30 minutes I wanna do interviews
so bye Joe
but that's why all right bye let's see
how fast you are Joe or what time is it
Joe 9:14 a.m. okay Phil don't aim it
that way more people against you
look at the squash hey in the road oh I
think I'm going to start filming the
vlogs on this handle the zooms a lot
better
