how's your day going still so good so
Google of a day like today is just focus
on making stuff yeah I got kind of short
because I got a yes if you got a do
right so Phil yes sir we have another
you know today is what's today Joe is
the good good me going Phil really it's
national VCR day okay yeah so with what
I purchased gonna have an after that Joe
see we don't do a still we do everything
as well the quality is probably really
good so I love that you you posed for it
alright so camera one camera two number
one camera tis I'm good right camera one
camera two essentially the same quality
yeah can you tell difference there's
black black bars on the side of them so
I think we're going to film the rest of
the blog on on the dirts gonna film it
on that have you been planning this
transfer stuff yeah I can do or you
gonna are you just going to like
pointing the camera at the screen as you
replay stuff now the tech guy that I can
I get together I'll figure it out till
all right so here we go do you want to
go in mess of the per second sure well
cuz I mean this isn't even like super
old school because daddies have to be
like oh here we go smile on the camera
your mother wants to watch these one
time and then share them with friends
and neighbors who don't give a shit
about what you did on our vacation do
like Christmas morning and here's Amanda
what are you doing like so many
Christmas metric you know my face I want
my presents man Sam I sell so snappy
camera Brianna
we're doing a yearbook this for the
yearbook I'm sure that Sonya this is
making me wonder if I'm so glad I spent
so much money on like my favorite
product alright job alright I think that
since you're the actual cameraman I'm
gonna take over yeah so weird
who
yeah how you doing Brian
Jim how do you like the technology I'm
working with you see me oh my god do I
can zoom into like hey look at me go I'm
going here let me try to keep it still
I'm like inside your desk right now and
your mouth I was inside your mouth here
I'm going to try to feed to your soul
yeah pretty dumb pretty for a minute it
was great technology I can't do this
with my camera
look at this look at this zoom extreme
closeup yeah I'm going to look at you I
there we go there we go there we go
there we go ah great alright James
how you feeling we start filling the
flaws in these right it could be good
you feel any my new hot technology that
you should won't do them in song you got
a network so no dings in total we're
bustin out of 480 on this oh shit
interlace yesternight in early hope
here's jump jump oh sure uh hey Zach hey
you like this I like that good good as
you can thank you my acne right go in
this dark area look at this technology
now watching you turn this on
there's a light clattering my camera
doesn't have this if you want a tiny
camera kinda stockades a flashlight now
look at the form light yeah this is a
former Christian for life all right
hello fill me with my new camera my god
yeah what year did I use that if I do
something right gonna ever cut any paper
doesn't matter baby
dirty hands from gross I mean I mean are
we through these are out like 1,300 yeah
y'all doing great job please change the
help I mean that's got those bloody
paper cuts
hey Bill chef dad I love not having to
focus this is great redundant
it's getting dark and a single pill I
need to get a light on hold on those
what are you doing today Phil well I
just sent out the the first of the month
post we DeFranco Lily give her when
they're coupon code secret links all the
schedules all the good stuff
so all that handles I need I need lunch
now are we getting pizzas
yeah you're about to go was really are
you know filming of course though
nothing's changed today just the
technology I love how the colors are
just constantly changing hey Sam hello
Nadine today I'm good I was warned
before those after those are made just
like you yes I'd like I'm sure the
quality is making my face another nice
I'm sure this like this blown out yeah I
feel like a model it's like you're
shooting porn
hey hundred dollars would you do it from
a merciless calm like totally get peeps
before I okay come on let's do it guys
that's why thank 9 feet for example
alright what is you just acknowledge
what that screaming that is you want
Borden still fine dad stabilizers on I
don't know how to get the auto date off
now did you have to use the built-in
light oh come on that's what I told you
I'm sure that's really flattering I like
Oh can't wait we're new bloggers hue and
prop any of you bring
all right you don't know the batteries
almost did I'm excited to get four days
no really four days been right next to
my desk told you so I'm a dog i dog the
thing is about to die thanks Sam
the boy 30:42 joint plan Jane took eight
years with all these feet sirs we got
pizza party oh the batteries on with
them the thing already oh my god okay
people clear if you found it but I found
it you can't Joe look how hot I was
hooking up all the time I was like I
know I know
hey pizza party looking very emergency
more it's a piece of our expert pizza
Phil welcome thanks dad alright how was
the pizza for you guys right next one oh
yeah
arms out of one minute I'm in minutes
one minute I got paint takes how many
men take 30 minutes 30 minutes Daniel
Bateman is a vhs-c
yes compact oh I can change tapes thank
you a battery was dying so we had to
plug it in for a couple minutes
how long did that battery last 20
minutes and he charged it for like a
couple hours yesterday yeah there is
charging right there JVC do they still
make JVC stuff of course we're going to
put on new tape in we're good I do tape
how many tapes of Yantra I got I got
three tapes and they have to be 90
all right into your eye there we go my
cameraman is it yeah I think you're
gonna start using this time latch yeah
yeah I have to Boca oh man there's
plenty yeah money like look at this
shallow depth-of-field look at that
background blurs out perfectly all right
yeah does it even shoot HD is the HD of
2004 maybe maybe like 1990 are you going
to have to upload this in 48 you're
gonna present it oh we're going to press
this HD quality yeah we're going to work
a poor cam or k37 takes on one screen is
it form a tree yeah hell yeah I could do
a fake widescreen film in and black box
yeah yeah here let me do it under
prepare on it there we go
like Boris feel like that's my automatic
so much more cinematic cinematic I'm in
plastic bag grab a plastic bag there you
go give some variety yeah did it
cameraman cinema I just go to tests and
visual effects set the yeah right the PM
set the aspects hasn't wait black in my
own hormone what is this blue poster guy
look at this this is tight
got a red filter here we go cool look at
this polarizer whoa
really good this is awesome I think I
was in every intro to like a 90s like a
pentameter oh- has a negative oh you're
worried why don't you happen waiting
okay
nothing okay here we go my beautiful
stretch oh we have to cool stretches
tech going and feel about this film
mosaic any of that fair enough I can do
out flora now
oh love so much is if you hit a button
and it is a bucket a snapchat I'll be
talking about my back time now I can do
these cool swipes like a fader doing
mosaic I got to do a shuttered certainly
than Phil creating okay there we go
Sutton there we go it's beautiful
and we're back there was that bad
alright Solarize er here we go what a
dad just be agree on his camera that he
was so you look like it's art to you and
it's awesome
oh my god the White House has no idea
what to do so it's great you want to do
like is it you were students for 84
shaylen for ADA accepting what's up
nation stop they should hope you having
a fantastic Wednesday my name's Philip
DeFranco and this would be way harder to
do on this stupid bullshit camera pretty
three those pretty good thank you Joe
you got are you going to start pimping
out DeFranco elite since we just don't
we just now opened up a new reward slot
for a Mon producer well that's good is a
mob fear if you want your name at the
end of the video now next time I'll get
like a Bolex camera from the vlog on
actual films oh yeah better reason that
yeah I go all over here Phil and zoom
right into your face look at this focus
thing is focus I can see I can see your
pores still alright
somebody just going we're done you know
fine winter first well working
oh you're working man
man we can side that brain he's cooking
all figured out now because math school
I think they're here we built you're
inside the mouth
