so hey I thought you liked this
puffiness yeah because if you just got
nice fresh freshly a way I know idea
wax paste wax paste okay so yesterday we
did our first time home so video today
kick out the Friday's show pushing
towards this weekend I am Trey by myself
this weekend oh yeah yeah well cuz our
ladies are going to be yeah the plugin
for my lady I love every story of
Lindsay just and the girls just because
it's always like this is how they got
free drinks and this was how they uh got
away with not getting charged for
something only so much harder is a guy
for years they didn't we didn't know
like one girl is getting there yet now
that girls getting married I forgot then
you ago that I with them as a group and
if it feel like it's someone's wedding
any wasn't it wasn't it was just a lie
Bailey would buy a bachelorette thing
and wear it out Palm Spring to Santa
Barbara and we may be like free drinks
for the ladies of course yeah not like
that just get just get little straws
that look like an innocent cause shawl
and apparel take free free recently
there were some college friends who'd go
out but we'd act like he's got picked up
some like a NBA basketball team and then
all these girls have taken taking
everything back so far yeah we should do
it sometime so I couldn't come up as
someone that plays basketball but maybe
I'm like an agent yeah again get a suit
look shot otherwise I'm like um uh I
mean the president won't come to do a
YouTube thing hi Haley hope you don't
mind me I'm cam Ryan say hi to Haley
images like the awkward at hand that's
like trying to make everyone connect
that almost completely family dinner
what are you doing here thanks look at
my social security number
oh shit steal my identity are you doing
using I work here now whoa Justin
Timberlake look-alike look at that wink
I got that wink back at the Winx Tech oh
you're just in the cage hanging out
they're going to start organizing the
gear make sure it all works
oh yeah I like how your desk while
you're tempted my temporary desk I
figured I should be the closest cereal
that I can get downy wrinkle release or
even three musketeers I got how much of
your job is been staffing Tyrion how
much is in some form 95% packing
material 5% filling up all right Zach
welcome to the team
thank you don't wait to arrest it sexy
ass I mean I'm sorry quality litter that
cert always messes me up
no it's luscious plush color yeah it's a
good sort of hole yeah it well it is it
is holy shirt oh hey your pants too yeah
it looks like what parts of design
there's not these are actually roll now
did you put those holes there did you
buy it with the whole stomach the size
of these crackers you know I have a
brine does mine does it too right Brian
you lost the knee so you do that Brian
resign with the world I pick you you got
a cut in yourself because that's like
perfectly aligned with their knees these
are these are pretty pretty cut and then
I cut them a little more when I try to
put them on and then my foot goes into
the needle and I ripped the Pampling the
lifestyle choice Joe I know you do have
probably the best style here thanks yeah
and then I think James going to come in
at a hard second card oh sure is it a
hard second I don't even know how I wish
that knows how to text a pretty good
dresser - I think Jack's probably number
two now our games don't know that B's
right here number two huh look you got
it - well should I just start wearing
the black hole pants - it looks like
they're gonna go work on a construction
site time I know kind of I decided wear
different shoes I've got some sexy me
this those are some muscular knees you
know like knees could have muscles yeah
yeah oh yeah you can say that right but
they are you can't be muscular and I'm
like there's muscles in them you can't
but they're just on her father legs you
both doctor like you different than
these you should be a knee model what
would you sell being a lie like these
pants I don't know maybe like a beach
ball like you're kneeling down on the
beach on the sand right though where
your voice like why you slowing down my
thumbnail creation challenge
okay what I'm Zeus - your business is
all part of my plan they leave my main
way I'm going to try and lose weight
blood I think it's the easiest way then
you can wear the knees the holy mean
that's the problem around here there's
just too much blood try to cut it this
is cut open I don't probably many more
and I'm lady which is de Lima start with
here what's your name again
Chelsea Chelsea are you having so much
fun at that time of my life
how many of these have you packed so far
well I was numbering so I numbers 1800
posters already just oh we are you many
paper cuts not yet good lotion in the
bathroom okay yeah looks listening up
there's been a good a Haley how are you
doing
3:30 300 already 300 300 alaykum do we
even have any paper cut well if you guys
get a paper cut
I really like lemon oh yeah you want to
see that blood yeah please tell me okay
listen we need knives for the kitchen
because it's a move we brought to one
has a big tip and the other one is blunt
and useless and then a student Brian
heard he was like still there shit
neither no so I sent him Malik I'm like
Brian
lettuce ladies I already was good knife
you went into the reviews he found
videos Brian tell him everything I don't
even know what you did or should not how
do you know Brian because all of the
once art or all of the five charges are
still packaged nice thing either
vertically show of Arlington people
sorry there $40 and all the one-star
reviews are the pictures of the knives
the broken in half it runs to have to be
their shit knives they're not going to
be anything is 87% off it's you're not
it's not worth this one Paloma good yeah
you buy self s just oh yeah I'm sorry
yeah come on c7 for some mmm probably
you what clothes are different for us
yeah if you talking like Ross and stuff
like all that
differences like that you're buying a
brand-new second part of the story he
goes okay this isn't because of where
I'm from but Chicago knives are the best
and like talked about the Chicago brand
itself can we get some plane tickets to
Chicago get some lives to why we get
some nice you just said no you might
have to get the ones on Amazon there's
plenty of knives on Amazon that aren't
over a utopia hold it a little bit over
there Thank You Sookie a chicken at
least it's not
amazonbasics nylon basics are usually
good for essentials still gonna go to
Chicago and get some nice though we
could do another Chicago show is just
fun I will say in this direction it says
that they will rust if you put them in
the dishwasher so maybe I do well said
you know you can just wash our hands
wash is highly recommended anybody and
why are you in that example why would
you buy cutlery knowing like I can't
wash this in this laundry all the time
you know you have a dishwasher really
yeah I watch all my goodnight can you
feel Doug knives well your good nights
are you watching exactly about your
knife so that you're not is regret
walking in this all right everybody I
got some competition with Zack and you
look at that man oh we're like the
depressed version of Christmas but all
right it is just a graphic designer good
enough they're not these are dumber than
I tried save yourself fake something
come on we go back to work you buddy
it's not like gene you look like you're
in Peter Pan yeah like like a piece of
ten pairs fly away Peter Pan shows up
middle of the night into children's
bedroom tales them away doesn't eat fake
food with review yet somehow still
survives it's a delivery young forever
I'm sure you know dietary necessities
are out
question
