yeah gotta make sure the swag room Oh a
swag room what up viagra no it's warmer
room you miss her
I don't know what it is but I want to
try itself mainly just one of those
giant pieces swarmer somebody go Betty
go happy my baby you have completely
grounded yeah I guess I'm a grande with
a extra shop scandal you gonna coffee
you know goose go to coffee still oh no
today is Jill and to that you've been
holding that in I don't like that was
like those pretty subdued for the first
time in three weeks in a lamb in a while
so we're doubling up today Phil - yeah
there's - don't do that what sorry these
are poor neighbors I'm like stomping on
the ground so today's national donut day
Phil and it's also national leave work
early day right we get doughnuts then I
say we leave around 12:00
what's up I'm thinking we good Delma
just leave early in celebration of
national leave work early day sure okay
what we can have shots during meetings
what I got boss - I mean you got a head
out of here soon I don't know supposed
to where are they so what we have to go
get them - I only get them if you can
leave early today you don't want to -
this two-day national day opportunity
Phil so frequently really I'll go get
those dimness Sigma doughnuts hostage
yeah I mean the whole doughnut ostrich
until we can uh come here did you take
the day off I'm leaving early to go get
the doughnut work early I mean you're
not sort of that nose threatening to
quit right now and I think that's
evidence
I'll go get the doughnuts I'll bring
them back then we'll eat them and then
you want to leave yeah that all within
the next two hours oh would you want to
take company time yeah use company funds
yeah to get something that you will then
consume yeah and then leave work for the
rest of the day sounds great to me
solid celebration of national doughnut
yeah yeah man right that sounds good
night sheesh I could get out of duck
11:30 12:00 brain see she's not fully on
board because she knows that if everyone
leaves it's all going to fall on us but
we can all leave you can leave too Phil
thanks Joe oh thank god guys do it cuz
so goes up at 2:00 so if you're out
there before the show goes up you
already in the Shelf like a train wreck
and I literally know everything that's
gonna happen and I'm just laying young
Joe we're actively always rooting for
and against okay we get to me I need the
company money oh yeah oh yeah Joe so
that means that we can always around
12:00 right yeah it's so creepy right
there it is it's very horrible super
pumped down that day and and national we
worked early day to - that over Jonas
yeah I think we just get the dentist and
more time off now on the tip out Eddie
around what 12:30 yeah yeah okay
take a break take a fucking break cell
service that's not a service any of
these people have jobs
it is Friday but it's not technically
Friday none absolutely one thing I mean
Friday right yeah you know salsa dancing
cinammon oh my god wait there's a sit-up
on here fuck the doughnuts
hi uh didn't you let the shutter for 101
moving a satanic one I think I see one I
want that oh my god I'm not gonna share
these I'm not gonna tell Jonas to be
good 17 for how many people eight
happens the best day of my life okay
nice mocha and you gave us apart for one
so you have to murder her wait exit not
that way looks and not that way about
that way three okay ready
what in the world and the cones are
blocked what how are we we've been
looping in here for about ten minutes
now there's more guns what the hell
they're like we want your money not your
money
just stand what we got this off let's do
that guy universal get your shit
together man we spent $35 on Dona don't
I do it what the hell out of my kit we
need $20 to Park let's leave
please do not copy stuff whoops oh good
I got everybody got somebody down yeah
we got something I never had do do dance
before key uh yes I did try it again
yeah it's play this what we are doing
from outside and tries put it on my face
yeah like it no look I got Danny I'll
share them oh oh there's bacon on one of
those oh you're I was like a topo
national donut leave early day
I'm just I'm working the boxes good
things come in pink boxes yeah you know
that oh wow you miss that way mr. Peters
is it off camera that's Brianna got me
as before no I don't think so I don't
need help
what is the place being so that started
work right yeah I think I will talk
about oh my god cocky smell the sugar it
ain't over
what is that that's the official booty
Dylan I believe oh my god there's the
bacon wonder this one's called the lead
early day butter so I can't wait each
pick one Indiana I was just trying to
ruin the the myth that a cool boss try
to pressure but it's a national holiday
how do you technically have to give you
guys federal holidays love you're not
federal employees the boss national
sounds a lot more important in federal
Phil oh my god Brock let em em one on
the bottom
tonight are you kidding me should we get
some knives so we can yeah I literally I
don't know well it's national we'd work
early when you're gonna take brand
before you go home today and that's how
this one but the bacon all right try it
Phil this one's bad jelly just looks
cool this is like the equivalent of the
unicorn Frappuccino my mouse just
confused
zombie take a big bite a big light up
this multi Wow I soaked up what I felt
like okay except bacon exposure
oh my god I love that Iron Man don't
look like no why didn't you like the
candlestick
that's mango that's a mango mango looks
like a mango drink oh my groans is it
Rumble
when I so far man you're welcome to one
sugar thanks
so I get the second part of your dish
come on I mean it's not like we do
anything so we're working I always lost
both of the seven looks like seven
people just chill it in a room really
kissed your festival at the time how
they asked me on the phone on Sunday
they're like with the avocado like a
blog and I'm like prevent an hour and
everyone is like yeah seven people
around each other in pure silence except
for Amanda you can sometimes kind of
here or insanely loud music a little bit
let escape and then you're like back I'm
not convinced Amanda she's listen to
that loud music Joe everyone in the
vlogs things that you and I need each
other
oh yeah and then someone said it's
because we like each other in that one
oh my god yeah some said there was like
a thing go on because well and then they
were like no they just hate each other
that's why I'm an anon the vlogs be more
just your fucking hater and I'm like
Jionni I'm just worried to build on
their yeah Jesus this is like a little
child
oh my god does this have Captain Crunch
oh I don't know which one to get man
where you want which one do I know who
did that bullshit we have to be happy
national no happy national dinner are
all gone our dams our oil exciting I
mean go ahead yeah right Joe did you cut
all these doughnuts no well we didn't
cut that one because that's where iodine
fit it too right I got a Captain Crunch
one in the car I knew we were cutting
slices off because their way to have
even we leave that me feeling proud you
know it's really thick holy shit yes
they're really happy I'm happy
I'll see shaking your feet is that what
you do and what's in the middle tell me
it's a color but just like um a lemon
drop lemon happen well now we can leave
yeah okay what's going on guys so long
more kill a bit yeah you can be free
it's not that it's go home early I know
we all just want to continue that at
home right but if I have consent here
what if we all took our pens up becoming
cancel each other out
yes I'm also in a weird part I guess not
weird for jobs I get people's clothes
off Keith come on get a little tease
yeah all right who's ready to leave I do
this already they're gonna walk out
Madison's leaving side it goes home so I
just brought him buddy we're gonna head
out get big celebration thanks for the
donuts thanks for early day off
oh no I hate that it is currently 12 and
everyone is leaving at 12:00 it's
totally not every time yeah we're still
not actually leaving all right Phil
bakes for doughnuts thanks drew yeah all
right we'll see you tomorrow I still see
you leaving yeah see you guys Donna
always I jump high okay you need to have
a key right nope don't have a key might
not be good all right
wait I am actually like that hello just
pull maybe it's a push totally perfect
hello oh I like these I mean different
type of candy
excuse me second type of candy tell you
a different one we want learning skills
okay we have to please me okay
