the package quit the frame a laundry
hamper row hundred we do on site apple
pies in the hamper turn down for what
Merkel's room for what yo Mike little
you can separate our so I went
take your setup and put it in there
shush it up okay you might not have gone
there yeah this is one underwear in
there I know they take that at the dry
cleaners I get ya underwear yeah
brothers anyway these are just like
really fucking target each night I have
to hit up a fellow youtuber and ask them
if I can spend the night I can see
myself right now calling Philip DeFranco
and explain to him my story and ask him
if I can spend the night I want to go
fine and like two seconds off to do it
so I love everybody okay I know everyone
wants me to talk shit about there are
people that work here that haven't been
to my house before you sleep in trays
old bed right my guest room you know is
only allowed for drunk friends drunk
staff family that's it if it is more
than one drunk friends I'm getting a
Sanu burr because it's get to my house
also I had this very weird fear I'm just
gonna get stabbed and then all night
really met by anybody anybody what
brought ya driven the Broncos not like
all men streets made me hard but that's
just an irrational fear it's slightly
less irrational than my random fear of
roaming black holes to slightly you know
who's actually scarier the not for us
but for anything other people like super
pants
we're gonna go to specific it's not like
a threshold right there's like the
people who got the train orders a joke
posture to get restraining order it was
like scaling her wall to give a super
out process super thin come on Jodie
Foster is a legend she great Joe's like
her collection her archive of it I'm not
really a fan cousin ever YouTube
character doesn't I make a channel so I
don't really follow his emerged if he
had merged
Joey foster Burch I'd be the first
person to - enjoy
Jodie Foster at workshop minute
hi hi oh hi Novak how loud is that right
oh ah oh my fuck he really let me turn
on the siren oh this damn cake you would
take not only it's old it's just like
I'm sure like Dave honey it was probably
really appealing looking do you see that
I ain't gonna do it there's something
weird about this
it's one little piece you know I'm gonna
die yes this is clearly how you kind of
kick back and forth like I saw your
little piece no I'm not to be in your
hand too much work here okay you lost
your hand yeah I feel about it you don't
look like you feel really good about I
think it I'm purposely crunchy crunchy
and it's not supposed to be quiet
crunchy no oh you know what it is it's
raspberry swell so now we know what that
tastes like
I thought the cake was bleeding heat up
cake was bleeding yeah write me up a
second I finish it in something come on
hello okay okay I'm going
I like it and more so I'm purposely
crunching I'm just making that up
purposefully crunchy like they did it on
purpose they made you I didn't do it on
purpose on purpose fully I think you
meant accidentally close up where this
no I can't wear it with a giraffe
are you like masks and it doesn't like
like voices sound complete where you can
see the person that makes sense this is
freaky for me I'm 32 it is on sound like
the daughter I want to be alone okay we
need to get at L'Amour's
I mean I probably don't need to film
anything else unless outside drone is
I'm getting stuck in vlogs way same
thing for several videos yeah blood
sugar you left here again I'm going for
the Steve Jobs you know I think like
less time thinking about women aware
like I'm such a creative yeah I just
want to be able to just focus on my
energy no no that's what sucks does
Zuckerberg did a piece about this speech
recently it was a graduation speech you
said something that I really like the
idea that there's this one Eureka aha
moment is like really damaging to people
that want to create things I think they
feel like they're they need to have this
big moment where they have this 15 I
like I know how everything works whereas
really the situation is usually like you
have kind of an idea then you throw
yourself into it
yeah and then you figure it out along
the way we should have them over
sometime we should bring him to a Phil
DeFranco creative meeting I'm like
Friday's you know see what you can bring
to the day let me good it's really fun
is that
Zuckerberg has that comment where he's
like I don't really think the fake news
affected the election and then the next
like six months of everything Facebook
there is like we have to solve this baby
we have like this is crazy
cool uncle will come back wow that knows
our way louder that made me feel bad
about my weight that's what he'll over
you I fear names and ones like that
frame of the new building is so you have
a camera are you you've been doing kind
of I saw you and stuff like when you
mention Hawaii ever you getting more
comfortable like with like vlogging type
styles or what can you Sony X or X 100
do you involve more time oh fuck that's
the one that in your pillow so I want to
bring it in just so you guys knew what I
had
oh cool that's the time how are you
trying to get where is that kills did
you take it big moves easily shaken shit
you guys like the squatty potty
will you in here things hi Joe we're
planning a little shoot oh yeah we're
kind of student I think we're gonna go
one I know we're going to go we're going
to press junket people know me well I'm
not you are we cool he would come in New
York and I need to have my New York
minute
I know yeah he's not involved yeah yes
real well that's gonna be fine so United
you had to be excited we're trusting you
to make some cool shit no pressure
skeptical of those some a lot of that
have a little hard tech during one of
the interviews and then we go to Bible
yeah CPR they do CPR on you that'd be
awesome right it should be a where any
girl yeah with general tips out right
alright Sam back baby
here we go gonna see a nipple look you
careful already yeah actually a little
bit that's alright cool it's not
camera-ready good till you're not
supposed to do that to just use a
washcloth or the eraser or if this thing
that says whiteboard carries but I'm
just not using hand what are you doing
talk to you where do I talk about with
me Phil so you go down oh yeah I'm fired
I'm fired again right how'd you notice
turbo so one of the slight concerns in
my head is the people that are watching
these vlogs but there might be a small
group of people that are like I think
yes
I just fucking around but for the most
part these videos take place in when I'm
a 10 to 20 minutes of time where it was
like but I do want you to know that we
are we are currently building out a lot
of different things we're be talking
about it in detail for the people that
are part of a DeFranco le later today we
have a 4 to 5 p.m. Pacific Standard Time
live Town Hall but a few of the things
that I can mention outside of that the
first is that we are we are starting the
launch of two tests of two different
kinds of content one of them is a daily
piece of content that we we want to turn
out Monday through Friday and it's a
yeah I save the juicy bits
they want the daily thing one is a
it takes a lot more time it's a it's a
bigger deeper dive and we found the
first person that we want to test this
with essentially because this is just a
test like the beta might just be for
DeFranco elite people were hiring
several different people the first of
which outside of Danny who you've seen
one of the vlogs is going to start this
Friday calls have been securing new
deals other sources of revenue so that
we can do even bigger and better things
I was going to use this whiteboard again
put something I would like new thing
number one new thing number two
different kinds of content they're not
equal to each other have completely
different post schedules this bigger
premium kind of content will take three
to five days to produce one video well
that is really only possible because of
the deals that we're setting up or that
I'm trying to set up and the defranco
elite support I'm not going to talk
about Phil DeFranco the movie also we've
been now we're not doing a total Adobe
but we are also now in the early stages
of planning Franco does events plans for
the defranco des events but I don't want
to completely undercut the whole point
in my town hall there's a plan around it
to make it accessible to way more people
it would be in 3d yes virtual reality
thank you for saying for that completely
believable saves Joe main point I'll be
able to share a lot more of this after
is kind of all I do want to make sure
the people that signed up for perks kept
those crooks first but there's gonna be
a lot more to share as well as just
silly behind-the-scenes antics like
you've come to know and love I like to
keep referring to the board it's like
scribble scratch on it makes the baby I
know what it's dead you're like I
already get let me look back to some
notice notice second times joke very
exciting too super excited okay I get it
hear it in your voice
Phil DeFranco the movie Cali yeah Franco
movie if there was a soda Franken movie
who would play lead Ryan Reynolds he's
right over there young lady but that at
the Anika be awkward cuz they're going
to show
know where they do like those movies and
they show the picture the real guy
people going like what it should have
been Steve Carell and in fact Supes main
point falernum movie by John Domino know
every time I find Joe in his bucket room
in front of his computer he is looking
at the value of Bitcoin am i different
cryptocurrency I have a couple minutes
every day two kilogram even comes that
weight literally every time I let's make
a spill cryptocurrency there you go Oh
beautiful bastard is up no I like it
