all right what so del retweeted me like
less than a minute ago and like I mean
yeah so that's why you're famous mega
sort of vlog Channel I really don't got
a get a as going I'm okay go get an
anagram
nope just have to turn off Twitter from
most occasions I think that's it
another day gone well good tomato is B
AB evident because she's such as happy
at y'all's door as nicer than mine what
a weird thing to just randomly throw
down a conversation yeah you were
playing with the door and I thought
about it I was playing something and he
said that's right I want to I want to
bring up that my things better than the
Earthmen I was I was going to say yeah
at least I don't have to share my room
and I was like nah kind of lonely when
I'm filming you should record your show
one day in front of a live studio
audience
you're grateful come on for the reason
this jump-cuts patreon perk right there
huh
now all your fans in there I think we
need to come up with a new show but it's
only about the news in the office and
it's mainly gone you should maybe come
out of the door even that doorframe L
told hob admiring them so five minutes
though freezing this baby handle in his
room
oh yeah that's a baby so then when I
opened my door I feel like a big strong
man
oh these hands are so brave look have
any wishes for today like if you open up
a fortune cookie what would you want to
say today so yeah not be sore soon
sore what do you mean are you working
out yeah we work until when you working
so that's the problem is when I work out
by myself I do dues muscles is which is
buys tries and pecs yes straws picks the
moment you go with a trainer it's all
core and like working out the entire
body yeah
Oh everything hurts I'm just going to
break that sweat you know but if I
cancel I have pain yeah oh yeah the
cheapo in me is like not happening I'm
getting my money's worth
get that money to get that right and
don't try and end this workout on a
5-minute cooldown stretch like a
15-minute stretch when they do want to
do that you know that's bullshit Phil
Phil the value man forgive me I love you
am i annoying you have to answer you now
can I answer some of your emails no what
you talking about
so come on let me do some of your
business emails I'll bring that value
what are you up to me okay I try to load
this I've been sitting out there for a
long time trying to figure out how this
thing works and I need to click them
what do you do when you came up here can
you fix it
how does this work and what did I do
Charlotte
so you loaded it and you did everything
but I don't like and I did was hold the
trick I don't think I did but apparently
I did I don't even get it open like that
Bell I heard somebody die
you got a right screw a tonic all that I
know bicep screaming I will actually
oh yeah we're pumping pumping damn work
okay
what are we doing beef will build a
little more patient toldja get your man
hands on the stool through the hanging
man put your hand
lots of hand man you got the B card the
business card I got cash oh shit yeah
all right the handi hi what's your
favorite kind of pool Brian like a nice
screwdriver one that doesn't strip the
screw a nice screw you know really like
it through get that cart Brian get the
flowers with the flowers Brian doing you
have another yeah yeah I think we need
one of those oh it's great
camera time Brian studfinder Brian oh oh
shit look at that big blue
are we done yet you're like a little kid
with his dad at home people like can we
go to Toys R Us already in Jesus Christ
yeah every night enjoys read this
doesn't close around this is my Twitter
oh can we go those are real quick share
would you like a Lego Jam very like a
great kid and you for powering through
it
yeah this will buy you a super soaker
3000 this is been stressful okay
you got some new toys I go play now
now we going towards other places or
else we'll get you a nice big red ball
Oh
around the Home Depot Phil yeah I stayed
away from it was a place that ruined my
childhood oh yeah I think that's Debra
kid that's like every good story now I
get excited about the possibilities of
how I could change my house good as a
kid I was angry because missing Saturday
morning cartoons when I was still a
thing I was angry that I wasn't doing
something that I actually like and it
was just just around old men pickup wood
what kind of wood you want a fucking
five-second delay shit's pretty powerful
Phil dad's sick right don't even spare
key we're just going to hit the blind
above him it was so dark cuz it stuck in
me oh yeah the type colors are what you
do it's coming ha ha what hang cool
manda actually do you think this goes as
far as the other thing yeah point it up
whoa
that's insane that's amazing I just have
to go home what's the worst big plan for
the night it's a weekday Joe nothing I'm
boring I'm so boring and tired and I
went to sleep at 8 p.m. last night
because I'm so bored tired tired bored
I'm not bored I'm doing stuff all the
time and I'm working towards the thing
but there's a potentially exhausting I
thought I'd yeah it's good stuff though
it's like a good kind of stress we're
off on Monday you know it's Memorial Day
so of all you guys are off on Monday Oh
see yeah look at that
it's paid $50 in an hour to have air
conditioning
I heard which is cool sorry I was like
this is the new landlord watch can we
get a discount can be 25 yeah 20 bucks I
mean if we give a shout out that
wouldn't work out what it hey Trey
we stick on there and you know they'll
only get sickened I don't think it's
sticking tray ah
