hey Sam can I get four off video stuff a
minute yes hey stop doing shows going up
roll a double check in some emails still
need to get to in a minute but as you
can tell from its ran a knife that I
have we're doing a mailbox okay like a
guy vlog did this sick last week keep I
do a quick I'm it like a male-female
vlog yeah good job
how many males five guys this is season
12 of the loves it's just nothing but
like callbacks or so a big part of this
one how dare you Danny
Danny's I'm here what happened he's
helping us a hire a bunch of new people
so in part because we need the space for
all of these two she's because Danny's
gonna be hiring someone to help us with
fulfillment that we can send oh all
these posters out I think there's like
200 extra because people still might be
able to sign up it's it's the $35 tier
for DeFranco elite we're doing like a
custom poster once every three months
and all these posters oh they hurt my
hand
oh well Phil though I feel they're rude
that we have enough in these for like
months could be useful no cutting up
this one so this one is just as
attention rip it off
use those maintain I don't know why
people are sending me white supremacist
all right imagery displacement guys what
we got in here you can kill some later
that night no wonder you coming that's
my little frog well froggy frog may you
could kiss it I'll turn into a friend
here all right there's no no thank you
random person this one is from Leonardo
- a sheen i mispronounced last man but
it's made it more fun maybe some Italy I
just need a tow Silas is a fun those the
old dress okay don't worry I got like a
gang term it potato cakes beautiful
bastard my paintings made it a brother
not me a platform that allows people to
design and sell it on a phone case
called potato case calm or is it made
out of potatoes sexy a little I don't
see any reference so I would be called
potato people can make a profit of 10
dollars per case I think that
of your site is horrible but I think
that's a great service
so potato case calm maybe a little fun
it's like a box of potatoes Gabby I hope
they have like a story for the reason of
the name I like you look like a hunter
with that nice case you notice from
Simon Johnson of South Carolina ooh
never see my name spelled ph IL LP okay
so from brazen tiger and let's see let's
see hurt no whoa that's all tomato the
raisins is it what raisin target raisin
tiger that's the off-brand brazen tiger
thank you this one says it's from Blake
Grisby Lake has shot videos for us in
the past we had a challenge of wear the
same outfit as this one girl did on a
plane she got booted off the lake wore
that outfit Blake's also sent us other
interesting things in the past and Excel
in one of the last mail vlogs he saw his
package and he didn t tweet at me he was
like oh I'm gonna love what he opens it
up so I'm so scared of what the fuck is
in this to the heavy box yes
what if you in here what if you've in
the box I think I know this is oh hey
Phil its blade Grisby again just to say
thank you for sharing my video I watch
one of your Saturday mailbag shows on
struck a chord you mentioned that you
measure success not by the size of your
house or the value of your car but the
fact that you can wear fresh pair of
socks every day I think you have earned
that left low success so here you will
find more than a year's worth of socks
enjoy and thank you again Lake you're
like where are the same mindset I was
like always gonna get shit for being
wasteful PS side note for you we had the
order matched and shipped to a homeless
shelter in hindsight I should have put
it in your name and sending it
anonymously but that's what I get for
acting impulsively I do sincerely want
to thank you for the support you've
shown me like sharing my recent video
you might not remember as a video you
shared of mine from the holidays 2014
called mistletoe kissing contraption
which gained over 2.4 million views to
this day I feel like I have never been
able to say inappropriate thank you and
I just get sweet oh he lives in the
neighborhood he doesn't say that he
lives in the neighborhood the old
neighborhood no like oh oh no that's
what he doesn't say that he lived in
he's saying that he lives where we are
right now he's maybe he lives in the
couch Sigma is Eisley like a baby you
can do all those stuff you're gonna wear
a new pair every day still you don't
watch yourself how
blake Grisby challenge you got someone
to send you a year worth of socks and
you wear new pair every day sounds good
yeah who cleans their socks this just
sucks
this one is from mega McDonald this is
like McDonald for Ronald McDonald Joe
why don't you do stand-up oh my god look
at the monkey the thing that I always
find fascinating about little toys like
this if you just have it out in the
world it's fine if you're at a friend's
or a stranger's house and you see this
from across the room in the dark
horrifying oh thank you see Megan's
great Megan sent me a curse of one and
one for prints and she knows that she's
bad penmanship like me well she doesn't
have actually her penmanship is better
than mine it mostly from my Etsy shop
etsy.com slash shop / one silly knitter
that's dangerous okay three times like
you should Joe do it quick them little
slowly I'll try it doesn't count of a
connected the court of law that's what
they say oh shit okay so one sweet
letter I love you Phase two
Megan said PS I wrote this letter twice
because I was voted worst handwriting in
high school hope you could read one of
them why would they have that why would
they have that they have like most
likely to succeed you there's no most
likely to still be a dick hello what
bathroom right away you're like you're
me poof yeah go I'm in Jonin have fun
fucking whatever whatever you do even if
you just like you know cutting your
nails or flopping it's gonna well you
Africa oh you're like a FN HR problem
came to life just got to open this
fishery stops crabbing kind of everybody
look no more Mondays 2020 hello blue no
well it's really another
Danny Rosenberg please please exit the
facilities we only have one restroom and
there's ten of us so this is from Jack
that's who it was thanks jacksFilms and
he seems to have an argument of like
it's not like a no more Mondays is like
Monday suck it's just that I think he
wants to get rid of them like the day of
the week yes and what Monday's doing
this I recently read on a few google
search results that only 55% of people
have a standard schedule that means that
almost half of you aren't living
according to the true schedule the one
schedule that everyone must account for
the one that binds us this is a very
aggressive letter so you get a lot of
TSS and you know give orders like this
though right James
I mean okok Alex sent me the phone case
now the screen of a phone that was
bitten by a dog okay very sweet letter
same thing you know what I just don't
trust this one I'm gonna let you open up
just says liquid I know like someone
sent Pierre something like a pee samples
what if they were like trying to have
like a drug test or something they had
to nail the piston and the accidentally
senator Dolores and Delilah
I'm loving this I love when people do
stuff on the boxes because it's just
they're like I'm so artistic we're going
to destroy this and be fine with us you
know shows all right it need some socks
Brian you sir Brian it looks like you
could use some stuff you don't wear
socks boots high jump Chicka what what
happen woman I just really small size
you never need to buy pair of socks
again look at all these sucks
hey there Delilah do you hate when
people sing the song to you and they
think they're so clever does your name
is Dolores - oh look I fucked it up
worse in Delilah I'm sorry I know it's
supposed to be saying Delilah think
about Dolores I'm sorry
it's just that she does the thing with
the thing oh good James us here to help
clean it up some socks of those Suzhou
meaning sucks - you can do it - the poor
soul we are longtime viewers and all
these Authority videos we love how you
make the community aka the nation a part
of the conversation and then there's
just a lot of stuff about Phillip
Frankel being so awesome
thank you I agree I love you we weren't
sure if Trey's still likes trains he
does so Trey's I'd be excited he's
coming over in two hours
this is gonna be for Lindsay I don't
want to die we have milk or two don't
percent it is a camera flat appreciate
it no one will notice we were saying in
one of the last videos I need this need
this with the office boom make it right
now go find Jo Jameson is so smooth
jameson on the rocks I think I might
actually put this on my keychain this
says cluck cluck cluck cluck it's all
just chaos and the middle we're just
busting our ass that's it I'm fuckin
just trying what
look at those mess what do you think it
is TV one of those flat like paper TV
time I like that you just you're like no
I'm sticking with you can do that nice
thanks bro
Phil a beautiful bathroom my name is
Kailyn and I've been I remember of the
nation for a few years now and I
appreciate that you ended that paragraph
with let's jump into it okay so this is
for beauty after bruises that or Garrity
of the newer charity for helping trauma
survivors like me who have complex PTSD
or an associate of trauma disorders
Meghan this badassness this one it's for
the defranco family got to give that to
Lindsey the beauty has to bruise is
beautiful and you get excused yes this
is from the single-shot team oh I think
we can name up maybe in the window oh
damn there's no one in there right James
is anyone in the Edit bag I want to see
if you can catch something
I'm not going to surprise them can you
catch this so if you don't think you can
catch it I want you to duck okay okay oh
it's not the end of that printer right
Oh put a hole in the wall
Oh since that's trifle over here this is
like the easiest way to get someone hurt
soothe you from both how far away the
only basis for the record he proposed
the situation can you dip your head I
don't want to I don't want to think no
no no no like yeah they don't want to
hit you in the back of the head why I
can't just hit me in the back just rub
you to slow mo guys we do as a slow
movement gonna be our final thing from
the old place that will tell event to do
that no it's from Desiree so there's
like little boxes so kids can like do
like masks
if tomorrow's her happen thank you so
much for all the content over the years
thank you for being a humble and great
person I hope this portrait puts a smile
on your face
oh hello do you want me to put this like
a above your bed yeah yes I'm a little
bit especially when I'm alone and naked
oh and there's like a video of how it
was made oh I love it that's so cool
Thank You Desiree let me go screaming
shit oh my god that's amazing oh my god
oh look at this mess you made this is
just the new normal is leave let's leave
it in I just see who please first yeah
organic that leave it it's fun kids
decorations interior design make me say
hey Kayla because of you we donated we
donated so I just want to end this on
note of Kayla I was I was so touched by
by your paintings by your package we
just donated six hundred dollars to
beauty after bruises which is the money
we would have made on this video but
we're really only able to do that thanks
to all the beautiful bests at home who
support us with DeFranco Lea and all the
other different ways allowing us to
spread it out spread out and touch as
many people as possible this is just one
small way but I love you
hope you have a good one let's try and
make the world a little bit more awesome
right thank you for agreeing with me by
the way yes ma'am you only hit Uncle Joe
thanks Trix a watch yeah the other one
okay we're gonna aim for Uncle Joe's
crotch okay hit right you know I'm
calling HR
