oh he's like you're not feeling
different you think it felt right go you
know that's actually what I that's just
how I talked to everyone that's how I
open my conversation Thank You Philip
DeFranco you think you're weak though
what we doing today
bill today so good - 24 hours lots
happening we just finalized posters and
mugs for next month in the next quarter
so that's dope we have five or six
people coming in today six screen tests
okay I feel worse for the person coming
in first in the last two because they're
gonna get like rough around the edges
feel like I'm trying to figure out how
to interact with this new stranger to
see how they're doing and then by the
end of it I mean the last filming gonna
be five or six I got to do a show shit
in between and then jump straight to
that yeah sitting in between shitting
all day okay cool 147 cool think that
coffee that good yeah oh the other shit
I like doing shit oh okay
I was like you getting pretty open with
us today Phil that's pretty cool all
right cool I'm gonna go to your office
now yeah dude stuff no we haven't done
in a while
I haven't done some butt shot so you
closed another one that's old snare okay
okay we're moving on we've evolved so
Phil's paying for the wall yeah those
paying for the wall tell me about this
wall where's the girl was it doing
what's the purpose of serving so he was
explaining the shop talk okay this old
house this old office season two we
didn't know just so you know those
little houses in active channel on
YouTube so we don't want get a copyright
strike so we should do this this old
office
this old good I think Hilary's trying to
steal my dog
just following her yeah I'll see you see
syringe super rent making you know that
could be a good business opportunity mix
mix of cash dog Wow everybody's here
all the researchers are never around
leather seats cool great and this feel
that find your seats them yeah it's a
wonderful yes are you jealous of any
other seats in the room no okay let's
just get there see all right he's got a
view great how you feeling about your
seat and the bathrooms I have no idea
where I'm going with the conversation
one day knows that everybody found this
nice alright everybody welcome to your
new job I hope you like it
right Brian thumbs up from Brian great
let's go stand here look the awkwardness
sinking a little bit more alright what
are you guys doing now
we're about to do the one really tough
cut y'all ready this is gonna be our
show and it's gonna hold the circular
saw as it goes down there be careful
we can glue it but it could be fill kids
merge the think about dog mobile market
yeah dog market kid market every time a
dog comes in you like the scratches or
boots what's up at doing thing how this
sold off the season to noon we're
getting there making sure the frame is
good to go before we start bombing the
surface to it sounds good well I figured
I'd check in that's all
against the walls I'm just on steam
control right now making sure this scene
matches up well enough and then we'll go
over it with joint compound and saying
the whole thing down and it should work
Oh whoo Oh seems good jeez that was a
good one that was a good one I don't
think you saw that one coming
back on the TriCaster that phil sitting
in a seat we've got Danny - alright some
of your thoughts bill it's interesting I
mean I have the easy job today they they
don't have to be the good ones it's not
like a regular podcast in which like
it's the job of the host to make the
guest interesting and then you got a
little screen here so this is a nice
little setup we got here boys did well
putting up this new set and making that
wall fill have you ever made a wall fill
I have not made a wall okay cool my my
level of manliness handiness is changing
light bulbs okay that's pretty good and
on that last one not the best - do you
turn off unplug the light when you
change the bulb do you keep it closed
always I usually try hey if you want to
have a conversation with me so we can
make that happen where we can have a
conversation when you talk tacos Oh have
you seen there been like some requests
like Phil and Joe podcast have you seen
our interaction fuck Joe was gonna say I
don't know if it's gonna be a serious if
it's gonna be completely like if he's
joking or he's ignorant having this it's
gonna be you talking in the sound of
Phil shaking you know Bill how did all
that go good great I think that we got a
three solids potential potential forth I
probably shouldn't say that once it's
going up I had like on purpose only kind
of become a little aware of them the
personalities with what they were gonna
cover and it's it's impressive yeah I
don't know I don't know how to say it
without one we're winning it yes lash
being mean to maybe the people that we
don't bring them that's all good but so
you kind of go in with you like this
concept sit down chatting with people
yeah it's pretty much like how do you go
from zero to we're gonna have a
conversation that's gonna be good right
both for us and for people that are
gonna be watching and we'll people
disagree with me challenge me how do
they do so because that was the people
that ended up agreeing with our liking
the most were people that knew how to
disagree yeah and not in a way where
they're just like kid gloves but in a
way that like they made an argument it
was really good I'm excited they don't
want to say like Phil DeFranco think you
suck or anything no fortunately no but
then the next test is gonna be taking a
few of them and then testing a group
setting thing because we have you
varieties of the show that we want to
test and then I don't wanna put a date I
don't get a date on when we're gonna
start showing it on different cool
italic the idea of just like random
people challenge film break up you know
we just forget my name yeah I did a
little bit for Franco
you just bring random people in they
have an argument that want to have a
discussion with you that's a whore plot
random people that have agreements with
me that's why we have the new app that's
coming in saying are you trying to bring
strangers into the office we're moving
up Phil moving the the news news network
there aren't ideas out there even when
they're really bad when you sound
confused it makes it it makes it sound
like I've worried the audience is gonna
think we don't know what we're trying do
you beautiful bastards there's only one
show here there's only one show here
Jonah what if they think my idea is a
great idea Phil mainly just to fuck with
me like always yes always bye love you
hey guys we're back with another episode
of pH and we have very long boards of
masonite and we only have sawhorses
ideally you'd want to use something like
a table saw to do this so we don't have
a table saw we're not gonna buy one
we're not even gonna rent one because we
don't have a table saw we use this as a
shuttle we're gonna get a nice seat foot
cuts gonna be great
