someone pointed out that I look like
this dude named James Arthur 23 seem to
be some kind of artist 2.2 3 millions of
a you literally just look like they took
my face and ran it through one of those
fucking Beauty apps I'm a pretty man
James guarded by day what Guardian
guardian tae-yong I already invited
Gallifrey gallop gallop right James
Gallifrey okay cool hello thing he's
super famous over that shit and it's
also true that everything I'm just
probably on American our little wonder
what still doppelganger gang join gurus
I've been called a fat uncharismatic
Ryan Reynolds all something called
someone after that died I've been
complete I mean John the insert blank of
YouTube on the Scylla stuff right now
oh yeah yeah put on some makeup and
stuff on the movies every plant power
via this is something a lot of people
don't know about though because this is
like old xes dances best thing the world
yeah yeah yeah this is definitely a
carnival Bruce kill this is family
entertainment
wow you cool dude okay that's how I want
to be I'll be so ready cuz I would be
comfortable being naked in an entire
region stretching I don't think that's a
rip saying I think that's a body image
self-esteem thing yeah I want to thank
everyone in terms of being so supportive
except Keith who stayed oddly quiet is
body shaming me hashtag chaines chaines
fuckin I dunno I'm going to say shaved
keith which is everything okay keep
hashtag avoiding Keith oh yeah that's
right another 100 it's alive in my
twitch chat every time any time anything
goes wrong it's hashtag wonky
this one these are good jobs for patreon
poster this is only possible fulfilling
your pastry on me guys we make a fort
out of this I have a cut to review but
this is more important
I've given up on the floor I'll be good
hmm you look like a swampers like ants
to the m-word right oh you said the M
word I thought you said the N word where
are you going I was like small what are
you reading oh you're trying to say I
might be kind of edgy but I'm not that
dumb okay now put your knees over my
shoes like kitten dogs
games I do like my gosh yeah well you
bet the return of boogie you want to
come here every day you'll make everyone
happy
yeah but get a job I'm Anna was just
telling me how much she hates dogs
oh really games Joe oh yeah we're venus
talking back to the original question
you will kick a dog if you see it I just
don't think that's right that's kind of
messed up over 100 I'll protect you from
Amanda yeah
Transworld leggins
yeah I picked him up from school the
first thing he said was we're going to
daddy's office yeah well I'm glad you're
happy to see me and I got to say the
word also cannot Missouri successful
he's very very smart
well what do you want - I still don't
speak fluent Ray J - where's he going to
the train station
oh that's amazing that amazing right yes
did you puppies and babies instant view
I'd like to show Matt Busby fucking
ruined my donut shop I've known those
people since I was like 10 years old
also like I walked in today and like
crazy crazy busy and like the owner was
like really worried like I got it but
like what is this you like this is
BuzzFeed mikkel BuzzFeed ruin my donut
shop boom that's the title of this video
for you and I so live left let's do a
time-lapse of James doing an edit that
way we could see the moment you realizes
today shows in 15 minutes I feel like I
feel like a husband who is mistreated
his life it is very aware of it James my
word life we can't be partners I can be
your work partner it's okay I didn't
either beheaded or with implanted you're
cisgender bullshit before I go do you
think people like that would like the
number on the front or the back
I think the front yeah the front cause I
think they can show you know with
remember they're roughly 1000 lumen
Edition
yeah it's gonna take a long time you
know man I can smell that mark your fill
another benefit of doing it like the
first poster her least in two years
really yeah because we had switched over
to a completely different model
okay and then on ground is that normal
but we switch to a completely different
model where everything was not done by
us because we were never able to kind of
keep up with demand
oh yeah watch later we'll just show it
on the guard a drink usually
got some Holland races everybody was
just telling me about the extra hot dog
if you guys have never had Nashville hot
chicken it's delicious the Emily five or
six different spice level but everyone
in the office got mild I got hot Phil
got hot but he also got extra hot okay
so the guy at Holland Ray's told me that
the extra hot contains both Carolina
Reapers and ghost peppers in it well
good challenges that I didn't partake in
I'm going to sit in yourself Phil you're
gonna have some too right basic a bite
yeah thing is extra hots not even the
hottest one they have it they're extra
hot and they have howland they have been
like Helen Plus Helen they don't love it
on the many extra Lane
oh look at a nice little pickled ahead
helps out with today's wafting it in
when I brother lives in East Nashville
so I've been eating it for years and I
love it and they've never been like any
decent places that do Nashville hot
chicken until now I was eating Nashville
hot chicken before it was cool you need
to see how I transform from regular to
like crying like it's gonna be that this
is that I'm doing though haha no I'll
start a cup no this is extra fun to see
how this one that we got hit that hot
shot there you go Cheers
alright wait it's a slow build yeah
definitely I feel like a tingle now me
out but it's open it like it's leaving
so good it is amazing here we go I'm
here mmm so if you like spicy you want
like a tingle play a nice little like
burn if I'm slowly building up but it's
great oh you okay buddy
yeah like you'll start to see it soon in
the eyes they'll start to water a little
bit I can't eat quite a bit grass I got
some stuff for dinner tonight I don't
want to eat some too spicy and then like
the rest of the night you're like not
enough pepto-bismol can can help a girl
out so just by the outside boy there's
some saliva her
Oh two months are you feeling Jeb feels
pretty good how bad your farts I eat
I'll start feel that wasn't that shot no
that was just real hot regular hot can
you focus
I got ya I got ya so state miles very
model guys thanks for tuning in to the
beat thoughts with James Corden polls in
America five guys beats in and out for
best burger oh wow
two big yes is one grown I don't know
what about all of the clean turn Oh
