so it looks like I'm just gonna have to
work it gets a big bottle of water
beyond me is making me drink it Jenny be
hydrated what are you doctor no yeah you
doctor Briana oh yeah okay okay that
makes it sound like I'm like I'm so
thirsty all the time and she was like if
you've heard waters of water okay I need
to drink more water I have a bottle of
water somewhere I then proceeded not to
get that water and then Briana hit me in
the face with this oh that's good water
you care about me sometimes I feel Oh
guys that instead of my dunzo already
don't
we did have some chips so we could try
Oh from the mill open it okay so we're
going to do it because there's this
ketchup I got so much no attack so here
we go about happening go they'll happen
except I'm still getting shit I used to
get so much shit also for saying Marian
apparently to Mario I didn't even
understand what you were saying I was
like what what is this worry
calamari oh yes I know what Mario was a
Mary oh I have no idea what that was
that I remember yeah I thought I wasn't
getting it and I'm still getting its
ketchup something called all dressing
and then some of the
in baggies you get the taste tester bags
to to do the catch up first
there's ketchup dill pickle stop it
that's up there potentially other way
why do you think like that
I don't know have you watched the philip
defranco show i mispronounce 1 out of
every 10 thing that whole joke about the
mama tomatoes and the baby tomato the
father to follow steps on the baby to me
I was like ketchup okay it's in
apparently a movie my parents told me
about good baby tomato starts lagging
behind and pop tomatoes squishes in says
ketchup the question this was made
October 18 wait
Russian tilt so these are kicking point
okay the first no no no it smells like a
McDonald's really is don't look very
good my boobs are so bad okay
it may be because of the flavor as good
as gold both probably let me say they
look purple okay yeah mom oh oh oh I
think they're stale but they're really
mad this is not good on guys get it it
does things like it's a McDonald's
cheeseburger that was something like a
couch okay well right yeah like
McDonald's fries with ketchup yes or is
that illegal wasn't knowingly serve
someone something that expired
I think grocery stores do it all the
time are the entire boat yeah other
wondering why I couldn't read any of the
small punch right is it feels like
whatever is inside this sweated through
still pickle I'm Brian
it smells like dried cardboard don't
tell you right yes not that taste like a
dill pickle that was actually not happen
you like it you might suffer liking that
the whole night LM fine it's like a
drive Turtles though yeah hmm this is
ruffles with some brand whoo I know stop
let me off to do perfect is so dope
right
chattering see these one had the ridges
they keep the flavor oh my god oh is
that later though science behind I think
so probably making that these are
actually really good what smells a lot
like particularly great could you get
closer okay it changes flavors a lot
there's like creaminess to it and I'm
Martha here please angel I like it's
like a jet that taste this make an
exception
they like ends with barbecue this one is
the best one divided the state
definitely catches up with you okay it's
the best thing because both you're
making fun of me and I hate puns it's
like an inside joke button right it's
the best one you absolute you tell a
joke and then you have to be like you
get it shipping your mustache I didn't
playing oh man help there take it was
really a sniffle what else do we have to
take where James go should we go join
him and I'm not gonna harass a man while
he's always you know nobody's do what
else would he be doing in that was he's
the ballsiest masturbator come the blood
hire the chip sting I try for a catch
catch up you guys doing catch up now had
Jasper see is turn the into a name what
are you talking about Joe are you
confused about how the alphabet works I
like it
oh man I'd eat these two old dress
I died we still have been for content
anything happened to James because the
age of chips it would also happen to us
but no nice mom Brian record Joe went
like this as Brian ah forget it
oh okay Brian's here far down the
hallways you get it clear those big arms
those not are strong you are it's about
two technique feel the rhyme very gentle
with the Prime yes try again oh wow
Anthony is amazing
ah
oh that was a good run gentlemen now you
can know you talent through it so well I
ran toward it so let's try to poke his
eye up ah I didn't realize that Jimmy
Fallon was like a million viewers
I knew that uh Colbert jumped up to the
top or is near the top the title of this
article is Jimmy Fallon was on top of
the world then came from and he talks
about that fuckin that's stupid fuckin
interview that I talked about you like
hey buddy ruffled his hair Phil we're
trying to get that drama money Phil yeah
way off oh look at again Ola how you
missed it
they said ladies Lou you can problems
those two the layoffs and lace my fault
what you are off this that's on both of
them Brian I'm gonna turn argue with you
we're also clumsy the very good yeah
Jimmy fell and puts his Nintendo switch
in his briefcase is just like uh he's
not gonna be canceled they don't be
dissin I mean I'm not paying like a six
month I'm paying who's out here for two
years
no one there's no successor right now
the oldest prank oh I feel like he's the
kind of guy that holds up a Nintendo
switch and it's like I'm such a nerd of
just of such a nerd I don't know if it's
real or not I know that he like geeked
out on Miyamoto and who is in the crowd
yeah because they're sort of people that
love em and then there are people like
me that just feel like almost everything
he does is fake and it's just because I
don't think I've ever been around anyone
that has that level of positivity and is
not actually secretly a crazy person
maybe he's like the exception but when
he's like when he's amped up I just
don't believe it's that damn lad I don't
know I'm just smelling my fingers here
smells like ketchup
I know I'm just I was going back and
forth I just decided I need a new snow
Mike Ryan I don't know I'm just
comfortable buzz of creepy I probably
said yeah I know where my hands then
thanks to make the moon all right I
think we're done here wait times as we
finish this vlog I know like this I'm
sorry all right Keith all right cool
that's the fun vlog guys next for the
pointless conversation unless we're
trying to play tinny what's this useful
yes we'll find you get a free plug so is
the verbal steve steve was very
inappropriate has the old slave you're
the verbal version of that there's a
line yeah oh crap
he'll say things over yeah under my
breath right no I shouldn't
