morning though so where you go oh yeah
i'm just that fast but that's a good
morning see more the day we get to have
a little more creative than always
friday just lends itself because the
friday show shot thursday night he's
once rather you're meeting new people i
think some of it might be able to be on
camera
some of them might actually be after
you're gone show me today I'll stay as
long as you need to fill I'll sleep over
I'm going to sleep on this couch tonight
so today I think I want a one I want to
it's gonna it's kind of kind of town
Rama can be a male blog I'm like a male
female look yes
no it's male like ma il oh so just all
guys yeah but it mo oh my god wow this
more male I'm getting to all of it today
no well if initial verification just
mine bag that here's my nightmare
scenario we start going through the mail
and someone's like Phil I hope this gets
to you I need this by Christmas oh no no
would be like I just want to see you
push that cart around Phil oh no oh no I
could see Phil when he's like 90 help
the secretarial pulled off right yes I
can take you to you okay this is do not
bend it that's your only job Jim stop
editing this really important content
sort of love I didn't get one he did
something oh that's horrifying
someone who swapped me and Trey does a
nightmare but it's nightmare fuel his
face imagine what you do you wake up in
the middle of the night this face is
right next to you okay let's go down the
lawn and commandoes first beautiful
facebook art page for this fantastic
individual is Andy's artwork and the way
whether you have I want our word this is
right up your alley
I am so glad I'm not looking at I know
gate art is a little weird but hey
that's what makes us special that's a
poster right right now oh right right
down dealer that's the next patreon
first and then James you say your is not
terrible it's personal it's pretty dope
like a really good artist one was wrong
a guy called Leffler bloody face
oh thank you but this one is from
Jessica who's that sweet and this is
actually whenever I look at the pictures
of myself and like I always look like
surprised or lost but that's actually
very very likely even out when I fail to
actually gel my hair properly in every
single video oh this is Alex Lynnae
sorry if I mispronounced your name I
like that you gave me a strong chin I
appreciate that like strong jawline my
wife looks a little mannish in this but
still still a top notch also it looks
like trey is a 16 year old boy but has
just jumped on top of it looks awesome
it looks like yeah look at that man
comment or something wait does that mean
that we're about to die and Trey oh shit
goodbye man no wait Superman history
offers you a Wragge what are you is when
you do the rest of comic engine Alex
bathroom okay we're going to go to we're
going to put this over there was cook
art as well so people that know that I
was catfished many many years ago when I
went to New York this is what I thought
I was gonna be do it because I thought
it was gonna be like interning on a
late-night show or something like
handing out stuff gonna try and help
them my way to the top I didn't like
anti gothic so we're gonna start jumping
in on this oh man somebody tonight I
don't know what happened to all those
times we had the old office one of those
drawers apart or one foot oh yeah
this one says Fred GLA this is from even
fire safety oops
40% of house fires start in the kitchen
to design it from a company or someone
is very concerned then I go at the
company this is from Matthew Perry Thank
You Chandler oh god you know he hates
his life or is it better to be a Matthew
Perry now not the pinnacle of friends
what do you want I feel like it at least
half of the new blogs at some point
Briana's like come into a room and
nonetheless I'm inventor of the product
okay
automatically you get points Thank You
Matthew Perry from friends fire
extinguisher no yes we do we do now it's
good that we have a stone Oh however
secondly which one joke you pick I'm
thinking this this one right here that
Breslin with the Amazon yet is this from
you yes perfect this is from X now this
I don't know what's wrong your ex my ex
look last time you had an ex seven years
ago Phil do you ever look her up on
Facebook don't worry just doesn't watch
these videos course I do I got a stalker
loss oh yeah bad their lives are about
me is a Frank there's gotta be a letter
Jeffery felon or its Jeffrey the Lynn
I've almost completed my 365 day project
making one of these everyday but I'm
going to keep until I hit 1,000 straight
days from tailing calm I've always
wanted to do one of those like one a day
challenges not challenges but just to do
something every single day yeah but that
is also not a Philip DeFranco show where
at least I can like get it out of the
week but you have anything every single
day are used to writing a little journal
every day of what I really like it yeah
did it's like three years that's amazing
yeah so have it or is it like garbage
no I still have them but I don't do it
anymore because I realize that my days
are pretty boring and I was like I don't
know what I'm getting out of it that's
why that's why we don't daily well guess
what what's next well trying to separate
the people sending stuff and the
company's sending us stuff trying to
just get free promo yeah but still send
us your stuff of course and okay yeah
this one sent us a kinder egg a toy
inside of it a try so much oxygen
nice juice chocolate yeah it's probably
fine stuff that doesn't really have an
expiration date right oh no looks kind
of really oh it while I open the CD
someone to eat it rattle do you want
chocolate yeah yeah what you want
I mean it's alright I was focused on
anybody like some chocolate
we don't know come on Brian come on now
come on
to smell it now James can also sell it
okay take a big bite what is it I think
it's chocolate
you think it's dropped from mail that's
been sitting there for months yeah but a
fat Keith code shit like a bike take a
bite
you know after everything I'm with you
yesterday from the night before stomach
no just look Oh Susie no looks bill no
look really quick I want to thank
Shaunie and Aaron for sending me the
team mystic hat even though I don't
really play pokemon go anymore
this stuff's for Trey which is actually
great here's a little side thing that we
just started doing yesterday since I
live closer to the office now we bring
toys so that Trey can play and I'm put
in here Oh clever to school and I can
also work these later hours since we're
doing this big long come in the office
and I'm playing with those toys
so hey it's fine we all share here is
the tray might not let can consid like
to play the kids good dude that's such a
dangerous second show yeah remember that
everything you put on the internet days
and it could be used against you in a
court of law
oh no some people think that I clarify
the things are jokes for the people that
are really dumb it's also just to make
sure I don't have issues in the future
this one is from a Jennifer Parsons why
is I mean I'm so familiar you are
awesome thank you oh wow we are one of
the women that does not have good
Hammond ship is that a stereotype but
feels like I think girls usually have
nice funeral of rum okay I'm r8 is an
attraction rum from Newfoundland
thank you no this is what going right
underneath the PD SS Oh ketchup chips
I need a ketchup chips before no go
ahead if I remember correctly they taste
very so they taste like a ketchup almost
Oh
my mouth just did a weird thing dill
pickle all dressed what hell is this
anyway you do a taste test
yeah I think some people you haven't
for I have got two trips the first time
I believe it was in Canada dark tickle I
think this is hmm it's what blue flu oh
oh okay I feel like we got it there
might be a going maybe this one the wipe
your hands you will maybe be like cold
every episode I'm on my knees I know
that we are opening out of mailbox I am
nervous too because I love the personal
stuff and then I love like because I
know even my hand Sheraton buddy our
love going through the letters and even
though I don't always respond its Vienna
sausages so just having the connection I
love that part but then people that
terrific advantage of it I mean I think
like people working up through the
company at night doc yeah sometimes I
like I respect to the hustle yeah but
you got it yes but you know if you take
the product in kennel it
thank you very much Jennifer also now I
have two hats what's weird
I think no that is good a portion in
order it worked pretty terrifying like
if I was in the elevator with you I
scream oh my god oh my god that's
terrifying
what's up youngsters that's a little
better what's that fellow kids
yeah the horse we need to give this to
Kevin brew it oh you doesn't do in that
course yeah looking good Phil thanks bro
oh yeah that's for you Alan what do you
see end of the nose yeah oh oh this
doesn't let the pooch named don't know
it says as to why the paper looks a bit
burnt I just like burning stuff from
team bigbanana
Canada and they use the promo code oh
that's a place where you can buy this
stuff I mean University student at
Waterloo my bro Ivan and I created the
best and sexist on sexist through
sexiest yeah I think they meant sexiest
with a wrote sexist and it says I think
the sex appeal will skyrocket after
wearing whenever potential mass state
banana Canada calm use coupon code bill
twenty to twenty percent off at the last
person that gets paralyzed okay see
Moline the focus finds you well I work
at a clothing company we watch you daily
we wanted to give you in your crew some
extra Christmas cheer and gifts oops
we don't know how hard you all work to
make such an entertaining a consistent
show possible consider this part of the
art thing 32 sleeves PS if you want
anything else your female us we often
get drawing requests with orders and
sometimes draw too many things these are
sort of a bonus
oh how successful is your company can I
buy part of it who's your daddy and what
does he do
I love everything about this company and
these people so forth oh shit I think
I've seen this stuff whoo okay you can
give this to one of the team members for
a emo night I love this if you're happy
and you know it clap your at the three
shirts
yes middle M cute let's see if this one
gets us with this works what is it
that's awesome he doesn't need no
surfboard a pizza it's a pretty piccata
what it's like boom and stuff right and
that just goes on and on it's so it's so
many fantastic weird things
I think that's we're going to enter this
very soon we're going to we're going to
go through this we give out the new UPS
box do we have it I think Breanna set it
up literally yesterday so Joe just
convinced me that we can give out the
new mailbox just know that if you send
something it might not end up on camera
especially if it's if it's a letter I'll
see them and I try to respond when I can
but really only do it if you want us to
get something and then so if it's
included but guys thank you for
presenting everything I love you faces I
hope you're enjoying these more videos
we're going to where I keep churning
stuff out and increase in aterna do more
tests videos on both the channels but
that said I love you and we don't really
have an outro on this channel so bye do
the hand thing Phil you've done that in
a while
Phil oh I can only do it kinda because
it's got that little semi or thing on
the same can you'd only have it if you
put this on oh absolutely not
oh it's also a little anyone I like this
but I'm gonna talk about go to the polls
let your memes be dream
