maybe I mean you fill your so blown out
right now looks like you're facing a
this is a room that actually has
lightness I saw a bunch of people in the
vlog like the editor is going to be
miserable with all that Lightman room
end of things it's all oh really feels
great hmm this is the worst chicken wing
I've ever had
what are you drinking your piss yeah
here it's a good for you I got to make
sure that I can survive in a desert
scenario oh that does look like pistol
it does look like grimace excitedly all
right so uh you guys are fiber now so
your IT guys can come in here and wire
the entire playfully yeah we stopped in
when we said so you're not all right
deep my dad you know if I plug into this
wall right here son over to like now
yeah I think I have to set it up on the
system you don't you have an idea like
did James not like here now James became
the IP not in there with the cables and
everything he carried around his little
notebook he was making lists of random
he called me yesterday he went he went
to Best Buy and was gonna buy a router
it's the trouble I was 500 it was like
you're like what we need the router we
doesn't make it work because we have
fucking fiber internet running through a
rinky-dink $20.00 router I'm so glad I
didn't pay for it because do you know
what today is Joe oh shit bill you throw
in a Beckett hi sorry I wanted to hold
it as long as like a pee-wee Herman used
to do that could be taken different ways
he almost ate it out I would have a
weird conversation with James where he
was trying to get reimbursed for $500
and we have a mesh router system that's
what I call it the mess router system
can't like it covers everything
yeah or you can or you saw was called an
orbit orbit
nothing a little ball thing but all
these youtubers like pushing the pool
and oh yeah sure maybe the orbit
challenger get a hundred more of these
we're going to put James in a bathtub
and there's a good drop long is the I'll
go
maybe yes one right I'm reading really
back of the box what does it say well
the main thing is that it says the cover
you up to a four thousand square foot
home with high-performance AC three
thousand one one is eighty three
thousand one five three thousand is a
number of megabits per second okay it's
like 802.11 there's a b c g and n and
then AC here is the whole three-day so I
don't know what he's talked about but I
don't know if he knows what he's talking
about 600 of that number is basically
600 megabytes that's going to go to the
802 11 and now I thought let's get on a
J I kind of get that yet
and then Lacey's I guess is another
signal I know that it's going to extend
from one end of our facility to the
other end of our facility and then James
will stop bitching that the old router
sucks yeah that's all I know
keep drinking your piss I'm a handy oh
it was so easy without Rihanna just told
me that I thought I thought someone
stole our mail I didn't realize that
apparently half of Rihanna's home is
filled with I have just the actual
letter and like half the boxes so only
take it one moment Josh Phil yep you
guys are team okay Polly go handle one
of 12,000 meetings I didn't realize that
I was setting myself up for it okay cool
that's one with this bill know you're
supposed to let me drop at a frame but
it looks swimming alright so some what
we're working with I'll show you the
beautiful cage this is a switch visit
the modem and this is the fucking $20
limited but regular so let's see what
the let's see whether Wi-Fi is doing
right now over across the door didn't
connect not even connecting Phil that's
not shitty that button I'm a very hard
time getting a haircut which is a
problem because my hair's fucked right
now snowboy I've cut my own hair so I'll
cut your oldest conversation yeah yeah
okay yes you dick I don't trust myself
with anything scissors it on my head I'd
be like a razor I got like the electric
razor on the side and you trust your
hand steady enough well anything
dude yeah look at me what hasn't look
until trying to connect how far do you
think that is
it's like a mile quota mom totally mile
the distance this is the only thing
that's killing us it's all the wall that
signal F to try oh so we try the new boy
yeah let's try and look at your boy and
we may just able just to use it's like a
little look me I'll say my pet cop out
of here baby
sexy QuickStart guide me back
oh wow what's all this is the router and
over here what we're gonna do is this
one's gonna stay here we're going to
launch this bugger up into space
okay go pump good if you have any IT
needs I'm clearly certified now yeah
you're freelance IT guy where is that
other router
are they still in everything oh don't
think you're use he looks he looks like
a sandbag you don't kill the Internet Oh
Barry okay fell the hard line yeah it's
not gonna be real quick yeah peepee
poo-poo yeah it's better every time she
drunk again so sorry I can't help
freaking with school that is no job a
spot like in the Apple cute I mean it
makes my life learn is worth today well
I got it
there's something what about this
Oh put it together yeah you need to go
potty now this is what we call a
cartridge amazing Sir Philip DeFranco
just here to say that I get about 90% my
news from YouTube channels and you are
in my top 5 I like your choice of
content your commentary is easy to
digest because that as I sound good cool
clearly this custom Doctor Who mini
arcade as a thanks Damian Willis from
mecca studio there's like a whole
disclaimer I have to agree by showing us
please read the disclaimer basically we
do not own life in some of these game we
only develop application of hardware
hardware it's up to the user to research
legality of the game they wish to put
you know what that's amazing from that
mr. IG video right now we got satellite
the or B which what this does does it
take the signal from the router with all
the way in the background picks it up in
an angle pie what does that mean means
the signal will become more useful
because otherwise we have to read a
signal that's coming through walls all
that jazz can sink in and boost it that
we have a better chance of having them
faster internet how did you become so
smart James the IT guys boy sorry the
lights on sexy glow looks like a sink
Internet is ready to use we name our
network you know it today in the network
oh shit I don't know should we just call
it the network all right did you figure
out a name so the name of our idea you
know what I like this one right up
you don't like it I know I didn't use it
when you've used it a living your life
created like see everyone's faces
don't get oh okay yeah looks like a
blind person cut you're here look it
gentleman Brassica know you got corner
you pull it off so very good getting
really quick bye bye Joe um I guess how
was dinner though they contain food
drinks drink also I'm just gonna stop
giving Trey crayon she just froze it and
then he just plays with his drink
anything about those Wi-Fi pills are
working it I don't know I think I think
James done was done I like they were all
just waiting for James to fix the
fucking Internet yeah no they were just
like it was like okay I guess we'll just
do not a ditch and that thing was like
what this is typing by the way oh okay
now okay when I oh wow you're out of
work you want the speeds on this believe
it we got a nine millisecond ping yes
it's actually incredibly good usually it
hangs around 15 milliseconds 420 on the
old one and we got 95 down and 83 up
which is fantastic I mean that we can
download 92 five megabytes per second
and we can upload 83 megabytes per
second anyway Internet you let us now
Watson now I'm just an ass James connect
our 15 video game systems that we have
for some reason and also the Amazon fire
TV and also the
Phoebe I'm coming to get a signal in
here with a last router do you
understand walls are Wi-Fi signals left
for sanity that's Fred it's gotta go
through so many walls and it's in a
cabinet in the back room yes good can we
give it up give it up exam everybody
I'll be my trailer but main point
another we have Wi-Fi uh everyone else
go back to work better annoys humming
noise bill good - Joe very good before
God were you
