don't eat your fucking half quarter of a
joke I think I want to start on a new
one yeah on that one
this one okay here there you go did you
pre cut that no liar no you're a liar
what a dirty liar yeah yeah dig it hey
so high what are we doing
well you guys are setting up your debt
you're looking forward to a window yeah
are you saying yes freaking corner oh
you did not know at all you're owing
dollars in sales
no you can't if you have quite and you
beat the person and a pipe and if it
does then that can be a physical place
that's the is it go fight Jojo in that
little corner about that yeah that's my
punishment corners is that box getting
punished right now after that last
office or not used to any room this is
wise yes everyone noticed it in the
comments they're just like they're like
oh if you guys are actually in someone
you're happy taking this set up guys
taking this set up yeah like the spins
right there in the middle burner hey how
you feeling today I feel like a very old
man I like you guys doing my death
where's your window pick it up ah least
nuts up in the corner that's absolutely
a garbage oh well it's not that one it
could be worse that one is a winner
yeah what are we doing on what are we
doing we're trying to move things around
trying to organize but it's a lot of
shit going on and we don't even know
where to begin I think we're just going
to first well not first but we're going
to move that couch okay oh that cups the
big always here right that's where you
yeah turning we're not even going to
clear this stuff that we're just going
to lay and lemon touch throw it on top
and see yes we go mix a space a look
what is this oh man it looks like some
hardened being a sound scratch is a
scratch intimate I'm just going to say
if you want to spin shit you feel like
you can put like a body in these pillows
a body or like you can like chop up a
battery so body and then nice tough
plastic so the blood doesn't leak out
yeah you know like triple rabbit
yeah but then we put in a grinder maybe
throw in some phone yeah it'll be nice
and soft you know you're taking it
further Fargo
oh yeah it works that's what matters
right now I'm at the massive taps -
we'll call it a body caps body body caps
where we hide all of the Franco's
enemies or interns or inter let's ignore
that you're right those pillars are
definitely part of our party particle
set so we can't keep them there maybe
it's national pillow day what was good
to keep the pillows every every single
national holiday ever you want to do
right yes you know what this whole week
is no it's not women's week again it's
not it's not that was a lot this week is
Administrative Professionals week so
it's women tell me do none of your paper
none of your paperwork is getting file
that's exactly what that means though
it's your day
Konerko oh my god what's your week it's
your week it's it's my week and it's
women's week so hey I'm just trying to
stretch it out it's like they want a day
and the month and here is the the exact
I'm glad this week's lap over already
hey guys we do baking a cake Joe while
the flying we're figuring out Phil's new
steps what do you clean James I think
it's a giant pain in the ass don't you
wish you were in Hawaii right now be
nice fucking it fills anyone
and I think this video is gonna have a
lot of opportunities it's been a long
day so we're just gonna try a change and
connect sweating sweating through shirts
every hour I sweat through another one
we're seeing hot and sweaty in here I
don't if you don't think all these lots
take place on one day shit yes why
there's two to three days between them
it's so funny when people see it in the
comments like wait this is different
with multiple days again we don't need
that crazy-cool arrives that work that
way we can shoot something cool every
day we're not Casey nice day
to deal with Jovi for this company
business with company business Brian
what are you doing in figuring out
someone's touching my book James yeah
from all the way over here good I feel
like we need to get fill in on the ease
here on the again okay hey Phil you know
it today is reversing its my breakfast
these sorts of your source so oh you're
just watching over us now alright so
we're gonna we're going to do good today
we're going to please you and I'm gonna
do good okay cool it's hot sweating in
places a bit like sweatin I brought 17
shirts because I anticipate having to
change shirts probably if we sweat we
can suffer blogtv yes
now here's Larry where are you Phil you
can change a shirt cool Phil thanks
thanks for the input
Wednesday hear them linked in a while
I'm getting kinda nervous well if you're
in Hawaii I wouldn't blink that buzzing
noise laser level oh my god I'm gonna
hang a curtain rod oh my god by the end
you made that the only guns I use drill
gun Oh sir wouldn't you do look I'm
creating a hospice real up by bringing
this trough the feeling right now to try
to make sure I make a straight rail I
don't know is that gonna line up
oh wow look at the it looks professional
would you think Brian's
range in a way to insult your shot
joon-suk left you fuckin shot
Bechet switch on there you fucking scare
me like son start turning on I don't
understand this should be my cold man
how do you Matt to find a successful
relationship
oh shit shit sorry bro bro I got real
home Brian everybody uh Brian is hashtag
date for Brian
bingo he's open to new sexual
experiences what are you doing I'm in
the trash past I mean in the trash pile
mostly trash go to the drain too much
furniture for this small but awesome
space that's all the furniture the
flavor even the beanbag I tried to keep
them and there was tape on one and I
pulled eggs I thought it was marking
tape like that it was art it was not I
know what the shelves either we have
some McDo can we just look in this room
right now we got red not white we got
this brown tiger color got black ones
all the way out of there I'm picking
some in rooms mutiny them in rooms so we
have so many in room Benny Muni them in
room we need more in the closet I won
the closet we just moved in and we
already need more room we're gonna make
it work well did your finger good sit
first figure that's the first thing the
guns here I thought oh shit how's my
hair Brian oh sit my little show on
camera right now oh my god
the doctor could be infected we making
sure that our background couch is
straight because if it's just one degree
off everyone throws a fucking hissy fit
you know the fans will take it in a
photoshop that that will guide down and
be like yeah as a doughnut it's really
good I'm not going to eat it in one bite
this time though my favor the taste
what's the consensus you know I have to
command you sir is that good
look at that it's a hottie ha whoo good
eye Oh time I need to level something
I'm just going to call you up Joe and be
like Joey don't need levels anymore it
will just call big ass no you're welcome
I'll continue on a cameraman on the
plane to go thank you don't eat your
fucking half quarter a joke I think I
want to start on a new one yeah sir on
that one this one okay here's thanks are
there you go did you pre-cut that no
liar no you're a wire what are dirty
liar
looking hot in here looking pretty
crispy look at this seems such a handy
man oh my god ladies single you single
and here to mingle really good to people
whoa God is largely maintained here on a
nerd sandbag to help me he's still
talking
hola just looking good looking like the
old set guess it's going for what level
degrees my god all that technology have
you feel that the technology is pretty
dope wait deliciously 30 how's it look
Wow look at this camera section around
shooting a hero Oh Gilligan I'm the
Wayne's World signal yeah man yeah I
never really into Wayne's World well
yeah I mean the movies are fine okay
I don't know say it again right now I
said I'm not a huge fan of Wayne's World
Oh John Wayne stuff Rama don't think it
was before my time
I don't surprise all of you who are
younger than me like it but what I'm
here to you know so we go ask ville how
it takes to percept yeah we're so well
right there oh yeah that tango itself
coming tonight the white little burnt
little break the white it's gonna tan
over real nice good job he'll come on
we're going to show you part of the set
we're almost there let's get those butt
shots and see that bunch I know you got
a black but everybody so Phil's here
everybody bill come come look at a part
of your set already how do you feel
better
he's still not impressed guy he will
want to take a seat buddy okay a little
bit higher less money now you're are you
really know it cool so what is that do
what do you want me to be it's fine it's
you know nothing's have happened like
what kind of thing that was like reach
nothing it's like if that was like what
it what it looks like it it has to be
fresh the Opera say it doesn't say that
color like Elmer's glue now becomes
clear eventually
