stop your beautiful fashions I hope you
have a fantastic Wednesday now I know
I'm wearing the shirt from the Tuesday
Philip DeFranco show and this is the set
for the Philip DeFranco show but this is
actually a Q&A I made my big
announcement over a week ago that I'm
solo I'm independent I want to build a
news network the nation you beautiful
bastards were incredibly supportive and
I found myself on Monday back in studio
experiencing what I knew was going to be
my new normal of being slammed from the
moment I wake up at 5:00 a.m. at the
moment I go to sleep around 10:00 p.m.
if I can actually stand go to sleep
which is business business business
shoot the show business business
business but I think that it's important
that I can kind of try and keep you up
to speed but also answer question as I
said in the announcement video and what
I've said since is that this is this is
a long road on a build-out on the to
existing channel so we have this channel
to Philly B channel which we were
normally posting two times a week as of
this week we're going to start posting
three times a week Monday Wednesday
Friday I want to eventually get this
channel to five to seven times a week
and I want to test new content here also
on the philip defranco channel where i
put out the philip defranco show that
have been at four times a week that is
going back to five times a week I
eventually want to get to seven times a
week with the weekend content being
where we test out new concepts so as far
as the short term changes we now have
five instead of four three instead of
two and of course the people that signed
up you get your perks but I feel like I
might be getting ahead of myself
I made a post under Franco Lee calm and
essentially said for those of you that
are supporting us what questions do you
have right now also responding to
several questions I had seen elsewhere
the first was what are the first steps
as far as you see on the outside it's at
4 to 5 2 to 3 video chain on the
behind-the-scenes Victor has been
building this set building a second set
in the other room also once we're fully
organized we should be able to set up a
third smaller shoot space to myself and
Briana have been doing the boring stuff
the whole new company whole new place so
it's like getting and setting up the
internet setting up everyone on health
dental vision setting up payroll
workman's comp getting the Adsense and
anything else we need switch over to our
new company and reconnection calls with
ad agencies brands we use still work
with hosts and people behind the scenes
that we used to work with and then of
course a lot of the setup is to get
people and to figure out who we want to
hire who is right where alpha bat any
host we bring in is going to be
part-time like I've said in past videos
I want old and new and you're going to
see people passing through sometimes
they're just going to be guests
sometimes maybe we're thinking of using
them but also have people on for shows
that don't necessarily pertain to where
we think they should fit a big reason
for that is work ethic what you put out
is very important but also a personality
is important in one way for the building
here in general and to with you guys in
the audience so that'll take some time
it's also going to be interesting
because whenever I hired host in the
past we did a lot of tests off camera
off the internet this time we'll be
doing a lot of testing in public so
that'll be interesting then as far as
behind the scenes that's what we're
going to have our first full-time higher
editor shooters researchers
investigative journalists and pas
editors and shooters to handle the
increased workload and also to give us
the ability to shoot more format like I
said in the launch rodeo I want to have
people on the streets I want to have
someone that's dedicated to live editors
and shooters in general do not get
enough credit they are the lifeblood of
production then you have researchers
that's going to be so important moving
forward research is my number one time
sink na philip defranco show it is
probably 80% of the time and effort
right now that's just me oh no poor Phil
you said sarcastically I'm not
complaining but bringing in researchers
is going to be incredibly important for
me to scale but also because of how
important that position is I'm going to
have to have those people under my wing
for a very long time before I trust them
there's a reason so many people come to
my videos and they trust me and that's
because I put so much work into making
that a reality this is also one of the
positions I think could be a remote job
then investigative journalist I think
that I've done a fantastic job over the
past few years and showing what
everyone's saying separating fact from
fiction trying to get to the truth and
then then talking about my opinion
that's great but what I found from
situations like the daddy of five story
recovered that's a fantastic example of
what a new organization could accomplish
if you have the right people digging
into the story you reverse the flow of
news from the mainstream one of the
things I saw time and time again was wow
I know so much more information because
of the philip defranco show then that
stupid puff piece I just saw on insert
Channel and I really want to embrace
that and then as far as PA we just need
people to get shit done build sags help
with shoots do whatever it takes and
rise up so the best people I ever worked
with had been interns or pas initially
and they just showed me their real work
my producer fantastic example that came
in as an intern worked her way through
impressed me and is now my producer then
isn't that we're going to be funny goofy
silly well my best response to that is
comedy takes a backseat here who's first
funny second it's like on my show if
there's something funny or funny blunt
that's fine but I don't want to just go
into stories looking for a jingle as
always will be to explain the
information try to explain both sides
get to the truth and start a
conversation with people how can I apply
so we will have an official email
submission form soon I know that a lot
of people have been emailing the public
email some people have even found my
assistants private email which I don't
know how it's kind of interesting we
have not gone through them yet do not
feel like we are ignoring you we are we
are juggling a billion things right now
once again we knew that was going to be
the case but we just have to make sure
our launch pad is good and secure before
we take off then will I have to go to
the Franco elite comm instead of YouTube
to watch your videos I'm still going to
be posting the videos on YouTube if
anything we're just going to start
posting in even more places I'm a big
believer in putting your content
everywhere we have such a large audience
right now I don't feel like it would
hurt us on YouTube so I just want to
make it easy for people the question do
I have to go to DeFranco elite comm to
view the videos no in fact under frankly
Tom you won't see the regular Monday
through Friday PDS because that's not
exclusive or live or anything special if
you go to DeFranco elite comm you'll see
videos that I'm making live for you
earlier than public release right now
you're really only going to see that
with vlogs that have been edited early
enough we did that with this last Monday
video we release that on to Franco Elite
on Sunday also only be doing this with
non time-sensitive videos because I
dabble in news and if I hold something
back for a day it's useless also under
Franco elite and please turn on your
notifications download the patreon app
so you get notifications to your phone
that's where I'll be hosting the secret
live streams a secret live townhall the
big update posts on what we're working
towards or what we're testing out is
where we'll also post the monthly coupon
codes we're also going to try and start
sending those out in the newsletter like
I said in the announcement video these
subscriptions are for the perks the
awesome things that you just want to
support and it's to make content for
everyone kind of related but technically
a different question will there be at a
Franco news web site where all your
videos from now on will be posted so one
I do want to point out that the Franco
news or two frankly that is not the name
of the news network frankly it's just
the name of the fan funding subscription
and the question of will you have a
dedicated website I don't know I don't
know if I'm sold on having an owned and
operated website rather than just living
on all the social media platform maybe
the closest to that we'd have would be
an organized and central app but the
classic website you think of when you
think of a news organization that's in
no way a priority to them are you going
to be creating different channels for
different content or we be uploading
multi
times a day from one chance right off
the bat and I feel like maybe I didn't
do a good enough job explaining this in
the video I said it but I didn't
elaborate we're going to be testing out
new formats new shows new hosts on those
shows along with me right now we're
going to be building out those shows for
the two existing channels and then when
I feel like we have some proven pieces
and still a lot of ideas we haven't
activated on that's when I want to also
create a new gen think of the Philip
DeFranco show and then also this channel
as the sea starts here we give it water
it gets light it grows and goes out at
some point in the future do we end up
having an entertainment show I know a
lot of people were also asking about
nerdy kind of content maybe the big goal
for me is to cover more news bigger news
international news that sometimes I
don't get to cover because they are in
depth topic if I use this week for
example I would have loved to go really
in depth on the sally 8 situation I
would love to go really in depth on the
French election and what it means for
the EU know stories also show us two
fantastic examples one of those if
heavily researched could have easily fit
into the philip defranco show other
because it is a longer tail could easily
be a deep dive into French politics
explain why people were for and against
this new French president what about the
hacking what is lepen going to do now
and what kind of impact will it have on
the EU even though she's not in power in
this way that's my main goal it's going
to take some time it's going to be this
weird balancing act of trying to still
put out a fantastic show while also
building out to make even more great
things going to get rough at some points
but once again I believe in this you
plan on doing more DeFranco does events
if so any idea is where one for those
that don't know DeFranco does our my
live event I haven't done them in a long
time and two if I did do them I'd
probably either return to Toronto or
Dublin maybe do a London show the last
time we went to London again it got
really sketchy it's actually the reason
why we started doing live show we've
just been doing meet-and-greets but it
started to get just dangerous I know
there's been a lot of demand in
Australia but that is a trip that could
hurt the show maybe bring it back to the
states start with a small show in
Arizona or one in Austin you can let me
know where you think would be good does
this mean your shows will be a bit
longer I enjoy your shows and always
want some more at the end so as right
now no that's not the plan the PDS it
used to be four minutes now it is
between nine and fifteen minutes and
what we've seen with videos that are
shorter and longer is that is our primo
spot that's when we get the most
positive reaction the best watch time
I'm not getting burnt out maybe most
importantly at this time
still allows me the time to also try and
create other things how upset are you at
missing a week of news I love my week
off but the moment I come back I hate it
especially because we just launched and
there are going to be people that even
though I felt like I explained that it's
going to take a long time are there
going to be people that come in with
impossible expectations especially just
a week after launching this new project
even though it's really none of time to
do anything meaningful I know they're
going to be people that are like you
said we're going to get 14 videos a week
right now because some people think that
it's me making a statement right not
covering a story I have to try and
backtrack and still talk about new
things but after the week is over that
Monday a lot of time what you see is
essentially like a reset switch right
actually where I'm going to end today's
video which oh well just realized how
shiny my nose was fantastic thing to
know after I've shot the entire video
I'm going to have to deal with I got to
get back to work main point that's the
end of this video I hope that answered
some of the questions of course it's not
going to answer all of them and so with
that said thank you for watching I love
your faces and I will now seem Friday on
this channel also the other channel for
the world to see you Thursday that day
and actually later six can you tell I
have almost no energy okay bye
