hey Phil hey guess what what wait a new
place look we're a new place
what place that's it right here well
yeah I mean it's not don't don't judge
us on the match we are finally in our
new studio space actually right over
here is what is going to become my
office for those who have been asking
always up with a gray background
I do not unavailable blue even though
I'm technically doing that now well it's
still blue Phil blue really named it
after as you can tell we have very
sophisticated lighting right now this is
actually one of the only rooms that did
not require construction for all the
stuff that we want to do so a big part
of what I want to do right now is I want
to show you what it looked like and then
what it's it's still not done
we're so excited I want to kind of just
share the the whole process with you as
much as I can cool I thought that was I
thought we were going into the montage
but then we need to get Joe Joe's like
an emo voice we ended the fucking thing
and didn't talk to people for a week and
a half and hear my voice the people are
going to report but still I thought you
were talking to me and I was like I've
been here for a week or two right shut
them okay
show the people what wow that was a slip
now we're in the Edit Bay slash everyone
room we're going to call this
I mean Amanda will most likely just
change it yes but this is where all the
other things going to be done a lot of
the planning a lot of justice scheduling
all that good stuff and it's nice to
have a room that is wider than a a
single wide trailer which is pretty dope
then we have what's going to be most
likely a conference room of some sort
paint then this is going to be our throw
garbage around pile as you can see this
is going to be our second shooting room
oh good we actually have the ceiling
tile a bunch of this right now is just
overflow but this is going to be the
second set for some of the stuff that
we're going to start shooting I mean
some are secret and then some haven't we
have really even developed it yeah
that's what's really really exciting is
there's been so much work to get to this
point that we haven't really been able
to fully focus on creative and now we
can actually yeah I mean it's been
exhausting for me but I know it's been
exhausting for the career but
everything's fantastic there's also a
nice window here but once you have the
right kind of glass they're kind of
horrible for some this is kind of
actually going to be our overflow room
but I think this is going to turn into
another small shoe place with another
site and I think the same can be said
about this area over here which is again
there's just a bunch of circles a
meeting room right this is where Joe and
I met and then discuss contract yeah
we're not afforded oh don't you do that
part Michelle no I did not I look
backward then TV viewing slash video
game area slash I'm most likely going to
set up the VR gear I was like my room at
home is too small so I think it was a
frame here so that's this area and then
the kitchen and cage kitchen cage all
the internet stuff all the the gear okay
what's in the fridge so let's check this
out oh wow it is peanut butter and a
bunch of energy drinks Google level
perks for the employees also water
where's the gym the gym in here down the
street
I think that's really hit or any we've
been in here for what five days now I
can't feel kind of bad because now I'm
gone for one week right now so there's
this thing called a babymoon where you
take your baby mama
and you go actually here's the thing
that Lindy's taken all that DeFranco fan
money and she's actually paying for the
trip know what I feel too much bill no
she's no I'm just saying it because
she's going to leave a comment on it and
she's probably going to tweet that she
paid for it like 12 times because she
loves that fact is that well the text
right off - you get that this tweets is
Becca over her probably I'll have fun
freaking Hawaii while we clean up this
mess ville yeah Hawaii and Billy Joel
will Joe's going to be Atlanta why is
gonna be in Hawaii and then coming back
here although our Murray back if you
watch this video or I died in a plane
crash and someone forgot to not schedule
the video okay this is so awkward uh
even scheduled a very oh no poor UK also
that's the bathroom sorry here and then
I have to go through all that mail so I
think one of the videos coming up you
have to kind of knock out the mail
hopefully there are no perishables in
there alright I will have fun bye even
though I'm already back or dead once
again little hey guys what are you do
baking a cake Joe well the flag in a
cake no source of apparel you're doing
we're flying a desk that's cover up to
whatever whatever fluids the wall
because oh my good why p-probably
