stop you beautiful bastards I hope you
having a fantastic Wednesday today we're
doing something a little bit different
here on the Billy Dee Channel the team
and I are currently busting our asses on
something that we'll be able to let you
in on as of maybe Monday so it's not
going to be a regular vlog today but I
wanted to do something that we used to
do way back in the day and that was a
Q&A although back in the day we did far
too many so one of my Twitter it said
hey I'm doing a Q&A anything you want to
ask asked it I will try to answer it and
here we go
Oh Graham wrote other than internet hate
what do you think is the hardest part of
your job the research honestly there are
times it is very hard to separate what
is fact and what is fiction especially
once the ball starts rolling on
something even the best outlets get
things wrong because these massive
organizations are made of many many
individuals some of those individuals
are blinded by their bias are trying to
push an agenda or they just sometimes
mistakes happen I think it's important
that I have that stress and please do
not take this as me being like oh poor
me I'm stressed because I want to do the
best job possible I want to do right by
you I want to give you all the correct
ammunition for your world and the reason
I have that stress is I love my job I
love what I do and I want to do it well
I'm always going to try my hardest to
not do the bad things that really
inspired me to take this new initiative
on my show but also doing so in a way
where I acknowledge that eventually in
the future I am going to get something
wrong I think for me that's always the
hardest part Jennifer Wallace says how
do we as consumers of news help sort
fact from fiction okay this is kind of
related who can we trust to report truth
me and only me he said sarcastically
always be skeptical even the best people
have off date something I'm guilty of
time to time is all blame mainstream
media and to go back my problems with a
lot of individuals in the mainstream
media obviously when I'm talking about
news I will end up using mainstream
sources yes we help break what they
shine a big light on the story last week
of daddy of 5 and a lot of places ended
up using our coverage but I do that with
a lot of the mainstream guy what I make
sure to do is to always compare and
contrast all these different sources and
that'll help you filter fact from
fiction now obviously your everyday
person they're not going to have the
time it sucks a lot of us are guilty of
it I mean think think of how many times
you've had a conversation with someone
like so-and-so do something something
but it's literally based off of you
seeing something in passing on Twitter
or just a headline it's got a watcher so
big gaming or have you ever considered
creating a channel other than Phil Edie
in the show such as gaming videos here
and there actually a long time ago
another life we had a gaming channel
called like totally off so I didn't
really do Let's Plays I did a lot of
reviews in the Nord several hosts that
talk about gaming news there was
old-school SourceFed nerd where we did a
lot of Let's Plays that was fun also the
twitch channel I had to Franco plays for
a while I stopped streaming there
because the return on investment of time
wasn't the best at that moment and also
I made me realize that I might have some
anger problems that kind of destroy it a
few controllers while playing Fifa but
for the most part no I don't have plans
for a gaming channel but as far as
launching a gaming channel if I did help
produce something like that that's one
thing but me actually on it probably not
I for better and worse I really haven't
been able to play games up really the
only times I end up playing games
they're usually the moments I'm the most
stress and I've gotten to a point where
I can't escape my feelings through
exercise or eating or really anything
else I'm like let's play some rocket
League although when I traveled a
Nintendo switch is a godsend on that
I've been primarily going back and forth
between breath of the wild and the
binding of issac Laura Williams as how
do you separate yourself from
heart-wrenching stories that you cover I
can't stop thinking about poor Cody love
you face well well separating my
emotions from a story it's it's very
important there are times where I fail
to keep it in check and it was a video
one in the past month where I started
breaking down near the end and when that
happens it's okay I'm not a robot if
anything what I try and do is just
contain my rage when I cover a story
that infuriates me as much as the do 5
story from last week I have to I have to
let it all out before I start recording
I actually feel like the process of
doing that has made me cover this story
better the first came out emotionally I
go how the fuck can you do that to a
child how can hundreds of thousands of
people see this and think this is even
remotely okay then the other side of my
brain says well what if it's fake what
if they're really good actors let's
research more then through that myself
and many others found the videos of the
hitting the throwing and then rage fill
and try to make an excuse feel just they
battle it out by the time to make a
video I know what a lot of the defenses
are most likely going to be I know what
the reactions are going to be there are
a lot of people that thought I was
bullshitting when I said hey there I'm
gonna get a lot of hate for this so many
people were like are you talking about
it's open and shut nope I have people
saying they were going to call CPS on me
I have people saying the most horrible
shit about myself my wife my son I've
been in this game for a long time I've
seen pretty much everything I'm also
aware that at any point I could be
surprised and things would be different
but for the most part I know how things
gonna play out Michael Schwan says how
often
experience burnout in your content
creation and how do you deal with it
it's not very long time since I was like
I'm gonna just quit YouTube but there
were several times where I just wanted
and it's because you do get burnt out
too much of your own self-worth is tied
into views from a lot of people you'll
never meet my can be kind of draining
especially when you don't want to
complain because people are like you're
getting money to be a fucking idiot in
front of the camera I just worked a
12-hour shift I don't want to hear your
complaints after having gone through all
of that I know my breaking point I know
the things that lead to me break and so
I just created points of separation when
I get home it's a reprieve from work and
on the weekends it's Trey Lindsay and
some friends have and also of course the
most beneficial thing is that when I'm
doing my job I love my job I didn't make
my show because I thought okay there is
a demand in the market for this this is
what I'm gonna go no I made my show
because this is something I want to do I
want to talk about politics pop culture
entertainment whatever I want to connect
people I never have to fake it and when
I'm in that headspace it makes me wonder
is there a time where I ever truly want
to retire things change people change
but as right now looking forward I just
I can't wait to fucking mmm I can't wait
to take this thing to the next level
it's one of the only things I think
about Matt jarba wrote what kind of
talent we'd be looking to join your
ranks of your news organization that's
where we're gonna end the video now if
there's anyone watching that has any
question whatsoever they want to ask me
you can feel free to leave in the
comments down below feel like maybe we
should do a Q&A once a month so I'll use
some of the ones from the comments here
maybe next month we'll pull some more
from Twitter maybe snapchat that's what
I'm going to end it I do want to close
on the note of the next time you see us
on this channel things might be a lot
different but a good kind of different
you'll see I love your faces and I'll
see you next time
