trail goes practice can you say bad job
Joe I was perfect we say do better
Amanda James you're perfect that days
does it appreciate it so just stupid
balloons okay really because starts
filming after I think two in a row
oh and the other two right next to the
hole really bad what could be wrong dead
to me what are we doing today bill well
just put out a video we're going to see
what the reaction is and then some
people want to play cornhole I have
something I'm supposed to do I know that
I have to be home at 5:00 because I got
to be part of a video with Lindsey but I
don't know anymore
yeah so we uh we got one more day here
and then fly away why fly away everyone
else gets on their bicycles which are
provided oh my god not yet but he didn't
tell me you're comin right Thomas came
started me that he was wrong shut up and
apologize to me okay Billy Dee if that
kid gets taken away from his goddamn
family I'm going to be fuckin calling
you out for child abuse
silly Dee you crossed the line today I
think it is the Munroe
maybe that's part of it they go fill as
straight and like he has his past so he
kind of like sees himself in a lot and
Cody and then the clip I should say of
the girl I think II automatically
thought of his daughter
ah just saying how unique done got to
make yourself feel better by only
cutting a little bit on and then you end
up eating the whole thing in any way it
keeps going over cutting a little bit
more until it's gone it makes me feel
better and that's good makes my stomach
feel better to use on a gun oh yeah not
all the way yeah she just takes a lot of
our separate hours on the toilet I don't
think that's happening that's not how
you put that I think you try to get all
out once Oh like I thought you're
supposed to finish it off a little early
so that you know the ever dated I can
lay back yeah yeah you know you can't
get through all of Facebook at once and
Jessica come back if you're going out
right yeah which one do you get a little
bit sugar and take a big site how
payable by decapitation I think we
probably do have to think I could eat a
whole Emma yeah you pregnant whole cool
I don't know handy all right look I'm
not closing oh I think maybe someone was
just watching it yeah I think okay this
is a photo it's not an ad is a it is a
report okay okay I was like you know it
was a call Casey he's going to get a
connected wait so it isn't it's not in
the Detroit Free Press
they used trade picture I thought it was
an ad for a galaxy like what put it just
a report on the hefty price elegance and
bigger screen of a Catholic
oh great picture is a great picture
where's the credit though malicious uses
that hot flash up source you got cops
jalebi that's your shadow what that's
your shot tough to do what no that's
your shit you shot straight oh oh really
well then I want to learn I want that
triplet oh okay
when they're pretty much mark
well told me and drive it I want a fast
i pregnant and you can only argue with
them to a certain point oh oh yeah so I
see Doritos will clear out - my wife is
almost as slow as you was like check it
out I'm purposely slow though yeah hope
you know that I love you not sometimes
I'm done make it look I'm starting to
expect you so and then when you don't
make it sex a key facts to fucking pull
up the slack and make it funny
we're going to go pick a unicorn rap
sheet by a I mean like a what like a
that's what Americans do correct but I'm
not entirely sure which star Butthead
them because they are all sold out shit
so we do how the hell does this thing I
don't think in like every like hipster
gentrified area it's kind of like a
unicorn
it's like milkshake or a unicorn hot
chocolate unicorn hot chocolate one of
them at Coachella right now they have
unicorn waffle it's basically just a
mishmash of a bunch of fucking colors
and glitter sounds stupid if it so how's
the drink how do you think so people are
abandoning the people aces they're
buying them so that they can take a
quick Instagram and do some more
followers get them like them favorites
and then they are just abandon them on
the street or them like they're just
wasting them because I think it probably
takes like sugary hell like it looks
like the embodiment of a civil rush
so what do we just learn then I feel
like a basic bitch when I enter
Starbucks our property no we just fell
for the stupid market if it's a genius
marketing campaigns are you guys looking
on Terry part guys so excited we're
going to get some more followers and
view yeah we got it we all got a posted
on her Instagram post with the drink on
her Instagram so you get those like
those views many not--there's and all
that in the Y and the follows and the
likes I think a unicorn Frappuccino will
to your Hamlet I don't know why they're
probably call another one they're like
let's give them as much as possible so
we can stop making this crap
all right bills ready for this though
does that even have coffee in it where
is it one of the ones where it's just
like tiers five days worth of sugar it's
called by the strength and photo on
Instagram for the word which one's mine
anyone take no but nobody's touched when
I just put my finger in one of them
that's it I'll go good my mouth's just
confused I can't explain it I feel like
it's lemonade without like the full-on
tartness of lemon I don't know how to
describe it but someone take it soon
okay first of all I fucking hate that so
it's the pink powder for like this
strawberry frappuccino mango syrup the
blue stuff is a blue raspberry summer
dress
he said if you stir it it takes wildly
different than if he dies in the wild
why are the colors oh that's kinda just
the blue it's super sound which I'm sure
I like it tastes like sugar nothing I
don't I'm so confused by it it's like
the sugar is there it should make my
brain think about a specific flavor
which is nothing strawberry something
stronger you know as a child when you
had like had a sickness and everyone got
the bubblegum flavor and the pink eye
that's what this is so this is like a
childhood dream
I am risky about this but that's the
closest thing I can think of now those
kind of things like that where's the
sour flavor your time only applies to
get my little buggy makes it he's got a
unicorn that's exactly what it is good
do you want some sugary weird drink yeah
tract itty bitty shirt coming soon
that's working off
thank you gonna be awesome I might into
it for a second I can like smell it I
don't know I just like confusing my
target what about Keith he's in Utah
oh there you go do what else is
happening around that cup Shu is now Bob
I don't even know what it is just the
whole thing this makeup Chuggington oops
we find that Sarah okay clicker sir all
right there
we're already three just like better
watch it you can in G sucks it out once
maybe I look like a lush bath bump it
doesn't like it what why is it always go
negative towards white women with James
white women that's what we learn better
women we have I can't go to break Oh Oh
BJ a boyfriend that different okay
so are we all going to Instagram it guys
huh I feel like maybe that's the
business model right is that you come
out with like this weird fancy thing for
a limited time everyone's like what Rach
look I don't know why they say it like
that
since we bought it my Instagram comprar
is comprised of me by myself me with my
family and me screen capping tweets of
me making fun of people
that's true how much had each of these
poxy or sodium that's totally for for
our thing when I go to Starbucks
it's literally because I'm like okay I
want just some coffee and I was too lazy
to make it myself
yeah or I'm on the run and I just I need
something to make me not hate everybody
around you need to have
enough energy to give a damn about
someone who's like how's your turn when
I think when I think Philip DeFranco
I think underwhelming unicorns that
sounds like a really cool brand yeah
underwhelming Unicorn underwhelming
unicorn guys with the child's that's the
new version the unicorn armor it's bent
in the front working on designs for two
weeks underwhelming unicorn
any final words though today was a good
day and there's really no reason get
that drink unless you also want to be
underwhelmed by it in which case you
could do it but then do you really want
to feed do you really want to feed
shitty steps maybe they want to meet the
person I came up with it we have a great
idea for ignorant people of unicorn and
sorrow this has been the last five
minutes but Bryan that's what your name
of this show they might hate it anyway
done but it wasn't this is it what if it
is a channel but all it does is show the
last five minutes of movies
