what just say that but I say what when
is it Phil hey I already forgot that
brewery 14 coming up 14 worst day to go
out eating I know the overpriced pastas
like beers like $30 it's ridiculous yes
talking about yeah they overpriced
everything they jack up the price yeah I
think that's a thing so I celebrate
Valentine's Day a week away before and
because otherwise you go to that
restaurant because you forgot to get a
reservation maybe even did but your
shoulder to shoulder with the other
fucking two top restaurants you know
where I took my lovely wife to on
Valentine's Day a couple years ago where
Taco Bell Phil but you guys like a photo
shoot a talk about it you guys were like
reasonable cute and clever does some
Diablo sauce yeah blows on almost
anything it's like yeah good I put it in
cereal but yeah fell so yeah we're gonna
be voting Pacifica butter here and
there's weird to watch it have a stroke
doing a little Valentine's Day theme
we're gonna bring some friendly
competition to the office bill I don't
think you know what words you just said
I'd have no idea what the fuck we're
doing Phil we're gonna battle I know
we're doing you know how last time we
did that awesome t-shirt competition
that was really fun for the office and
then people won but then that also
accidentally set off this whole fucking
story arc for Zach yeah so - the Zach
part are gonna do another t-shirt
competition this time oh my god let me
shut this damn door you want me to keep
it open Phil leave it up leave it open
okay I can barely hear myself is it me
another t-shirt competition this time
only two team that's gonna be a round
Valentine's Day I'm gonna let Joe
explain the rest it's gonna be fun gonna
do a little Valentine's Day theme and
also Phil you gotta think about the
other people there's people that are
single still you know that looking for
love I mean the people that can do
whatever they want whenever they want
yeah they're probably better off than
going out to eat on fucking Valentine's
Day gonna we're gonna whip on over we
got everybody waiting in the room to get
this contest started and Kristi's gonna
explain what the fuck is going on
bye bye bye Phil how are you gonna
actually whip it okay I came with you
want me whip it wait wait with what one
of my weapons the camera right here we
go
yeah everybody's here right it's too
many people now maybe we should do roll
call Ryan say the talented one oh so we
are going to do a Valentine's Days shoot
this is a little bit different than the
Christmas shoe set of at being
department based we were just doing team
based and because Hillary and I won last
time we're going to be team captain so
we're going to choose dodgeball style if
you can dodge a wrench you dodge a ball
so each team will get ten minutes to
discuss what they want their design to
be ten minutes today that's all I did
yeah the dress very similarly each team
will get ten minutes to decide what they
want their design to be then they will
meet with Brian for ten minutes there
are two designs one is a Valentine's Day
design one is a singles Awareness design
the way we are choosing that is by a toy
in costs which singles awareness and
Valentine's yes two themes wait why do
you get to flip it I out don't touch
this
that's a tail so then mine has to be
like lovey-dovey yeah and you picked me
to do that yeah wait you have a
boyfriend yes okay do you have a
boyfriend
all right we got singles awareness or
your singles awareness right yeah
Cecilia you can stay yeah I get to
listen Jason's not here he's with us in
spirit he's on our team no veto video
are we ready
I'm ready to do a team name or team
score sir
even get away from me okay now we all
have ten minutes to go do closed
closed-door meetings and then we're
gonna meet with this lovely person
rules are Brian has veto power so we
have to come out the designer yes so if
we come up with something that's too
intricate or that he can't do in the
timeframe that we've given him he will
constructively find another way for us
to either do that or he'll have to beat
oh so we need to come up with a few
different interchangeable options how
are we doing something like jokey you're
like jokey like what was who was it in
that show he was like if you don't like
me that's fine but you're wrong and I
hate you like not like that one but
something like that so you're gonna cop
somebody I said something like that wait
what about oh this is hard like what I
was thinking what if it's like something
like I uh it's time for me to say happy
thoughts
on Valentine's Day it's like time for me
to say those three special words and
what do you think the three special is
roomie I love you right wrong your exam
all right what if we did like multiple
things right like we had a candy heart
that said don't touch me but then it was
like a part of a bigger there's a main
copy and then that's just like a small
thing no no Samantha what if it was like
we did bitter party of one right and
it's like a stick figure type deal
sitting out like a candle at dinner or
something and then there's like a candy
heart on it that says don't touch me
like a box of like like a you know like
the box they come in and then like them
spilling out in a bunch of the hearts
with like a bunch of these like sayings
that we have someone that's like divorce
statistics on it so who do you thinks
gonna win just based off of the teams
who do you think has the event I think
you can be more clever with singles
awareness I think that was a good choice
by Christie with a coin flip to choose
that so I think they have an edge but
this group has Hillary who basically
came up with a sweater that's old of us
so singles awareness has the best theme
but I think Hillary is the rain has no
rain hopefully all together we come out
to pretty solid design well either way
man you always win that's true you
always get to do the party you always
get to go to the party I can go to the
party too apparently you just have to
hold the camera at the design all right
we're on the same team team Joe Brian
team team BJ there we go yeah JB's look
at the DJ two-minute warning
all right two-minute warning all right
let's see what they came up with first
question for you are you basically blown
away
that's shirt no I'm just kidding we want
to do like a madman vintage like candy
heart but not like the typical candy
right box
we want this bear to look I love you in
the middle we want it to say you close
and we want to don't touch me I need to
have a week more worried about the color
scheme than their word of actual design
they've got some kind of first thing
don't cheat there's no way that they're
just doing a little brown bear all right
rusty how do you feel about your design
really good actually I think our team is
gonna win and I'm not just saying that
because I won last time like I
legitimately think we have a great
design no Chrissy's not here your
opponent
have your team do what do you think we
did amazing Ryan's always got some puns
we had some new perspective with Dylan
and Cody we had Amanda being like what
about this what about this
Zach come in clutch I mean everybody did
their part even Brian was super great
and you actually helped that show and
you don't even know it how did I help I
don't even realize the hell I did
they're kind of deadlocked on an idea
and you walked in and you go hey are you
guys close lose it
are you close and I'm like give me the
low then how do you have it go ahead
everything goes it's again we got two
solid designs you think of teams and
then binge from what we discussed
earlier have you changed your money um
still and changed my mind but I mean I
would I would say that they're both good
one hit I feel like there's one that has
a better chance of selling a penny oh
okay but I'm not gonna say which one so
now you got to sit and design them right
yes
all right cool event what we're gonna do
is we're gonna fast-forward to the
designs being completed so you can any
one of these whole youtubers do what
they put their hand over the over the
lens and we're gonna be we're gonna
flash-forward ready three two one oh my
god we're gonna do the shirt reveal all
right you guys excited yeah we're gonna
bring Phil in here Brian's gonna pull
them up there it is who do you want to
see first Christie's or Hilary's what's
a Chris what's your pitch Valentine's
Day you usually get the candy hearts oh
we wanted to do like opposite villain
and say like how single people feel
like you went through my phone to get
some okay would you eat those hearts
though no the nastiest right okay Brian
next one Hillary's up damn what is this
supposed to be you know fell looks like
when you're in the moment maybe one of
you is there but the other ones not
quite there yet sorry Nana and you just
have to have your clothes oh wow that's
what it means I thought it was a text
like you clothes it's love it's intimate
I don't think anyone's ever asked you
close while winking it's usually like an
exasperated oh I'm serious but also like
for real are you almost done I all right
so final thoughts yes okay it's gonna be
interesting I got a heavy favorite
everybody give some love to Brian first
should we do another YouTube hand over
the lens Phil do it we're out we're
still here I know it was a lie
I'll do it it's like we're still a
heater why can't we leave I put it on
YouTube shit either
you can buy a shirt we're going to
explain to everyone what it means or you
can buy a shirt that explains itself oh
I don't understand we have to figure out
what's the winner gonna win
