so peeing in the corner again works uh
oh no I guess I like a there was
actually Massey that's a bathroom
all right so how you doing today I've
been peeing cos today is Joe
well you know what though I haven't in a
while but you know today is like what
day is it Joe it's national garlic days
oh that's the most underwhelming thing
how many cool things have you met during
this transition then we went back and we
were like you know what we deserved
alcohol we deserved even though burritos
or get margaritas on beer day anyway
garlic day so look at these beautiful
garlic knots I bought just for us oh
okay look they make them in Italy yeah
just they look delicious but Phil
there's a little game we're gonna play
said okay what are we playing all right
so I went to the store and I got some
real car okay closer okay it's going to
happen as you see this little little
thing right there yeah what's
contraption to me I'm going to put a cup
over both and you got to pick one of the
cups and whatever is revealed you have
to eat it what happens if one of these
people doesn't want to eat it but happy
oh my dragons Oh have ya got action on
track
hey this is for to a for to a yeah yeah
garlic claws yep that's exactly what it
is right all right cool do you want to
go first you want to let someone else
kill first you want to be there what
happens hold on the sword first
all right so no looking look to turn the
other way you go in the other room
okay we're being spared doesn't really
matter okay here we go take your pick
one's it gonna be brights always right
oh damn it did you like that someone
else want to enjoy I'm trying not to
keep bread right now I mean if I could
do this instead of having this No oh
absolutely
Oh still did the trick is actually like
garlic oh damn alright I'm just doing a
fucking lie okay cool who's next
oh man this is more common for you guys
who won in a way for me all right who's
next
Brianna would you like the garlic not
warmed up just in case oh okay oh okay
all right mix them up a little bit all
right Donna you don't want to eat garlic
okay you're angry oh yeah all right
who's next
huh go yellow all right close the door
close the door some cold brutal shit
right there already pick one and then I
have that phone I get delivered someone
you get is the one you put in here yeah
like it can really impress my yeah
really fucking stinks all right yeah
exactly you want to give them a spin at
all can you say in a way tell me when to
stop Brian wins everything
Oh you well this could be winning it
how's it better than the garlic knot oh
okay good hey welcome you like that all
right here we go
that's all of you yeah except for James
I was like I got to make it look like a
modest how do you feel brother burn
burning you'll swallow it you want you
that's right at all any big as I walked
away but as soon as like a big chunk
bill my stomach look cool guys are great
all right you thank you Amy all right my
room I'm gonna shoot this okay
wait visible do it wait wait take a
closed problems with chunking gosh do
you hear me go when you put want to
close the door Joe put your finger I'll
get that syriza question because it took
so long able twist one in their mouth
does anyone put it in there planted it
what is I got a little messy
sorry no yay like the girls iPhone
actually good idea to put it in there
yeah enjoyed it yeah I mean I like it
can't wait to make bullshit hologram we
got beer day and then we got you look
like day no no we didn't get cleared a
beer day it was crosses are already out
getting beer for less there's a foot
cheese day oh so have that look
alright other guys they left me fuzz
words you want to share on her own did
this on an empty stomach which was a
horrible idea
I don't know weird I think that's why I
got hurt as I tried to walk it off like
it was no big deal
we're in the new place castle new shitty
coffee alley I mean obviously the new
place sounds like that's where like the
dog mom was like oh we set them to a
farm but let's forget the news plays
gonna be all better it's going to be
nothing but rainbow that man is the
person
mom wait you didn't even have to do it
but she has to deal with everyone else
who has garlic now for the poor you like
the chips new everything or allocating
brain mother fucking thing wet-nap why
are you spreading Brian you guys not
only did I just eat garlic I just say
Febreze coming next week the tri-city
binney's official t-shirt Brian get on
that that's just so it doesn't roll
around so see them you can put my brain
you're like them you're an architect
yeah and a mathematician hell yeah and
also another thing that I can't think of
the word it's right there wait dude
