I try rubbing a nobody seems on the leg
did you say what's up nation said what's
up nation can you say up nation there
Lucic yeah start again
shake like this with your hands go top
nation long Winston boom it against the
wall they look good
never let him score Phil never let Jesus
birthday and I got him to most obnoxious
balloons I could find you should be as
cardio in food cards yes haven't filled
it out dad what what oh my goodness I'm
sorry mega super boy
he's a boy wavelength to a little bit
the only they spell good it's like 9
o'clock already guy one story done in
Toronto all that I know that shames
perfectly strong Amelia 50 mama oh good
good and remind him lunches in there and
she brought Dunkin Donuts very birthday
so Sheila Bob doing great thanks to
thank you you bastard yes John good
thanks to me being amazing it works with
inspiration through all this madness go
and also apparently today's I'm thinking
lucky number 10 this is the tenth day
that I've been told that today is the
day that the lead should be fun lucky
number seven we're getting closer we're
getting again over this hill I kept
looking like we're over it but they look
oh wait no it's actually a really big
hill or like when you go over one hill
then you see that there's more than
mm-hmm
think that's what I said yeah but now
you said it okay that's good good that
all that other stuff a very starting
line girl a good one he does the more
exciting yes
cool care to share I can talk him okay
cameras off
oh good hey Jo so here's the secret so
yeah yeah here let me just hold the
camera go I'm not recording so I'm so
dumb I was about to start on great guys
okay trash show up an old persona
parents around oh my god happy birthday
to a mega super boy no no no all right
it won't be reading that thanks everyone
that's watching this I guess I don't
know me would you get would all this
shit I got Donuts
oh shit Duncan I'm doing holy so my gang
it's a flip my jam
chocolate insult I mean there's enough
make your look this little hole to our
supply for our so we have three mixers
if we can make their spirit I mean we
need own extra forces Oh birthday sister
mega boy oh there's no Boston cream can
you do that casting what is this big
like Judas job so he's gonna see him at
the quarters and you're gonna like look
at me or look away and you won't because
it I want to
this video come back out they make sure
you don't cut any of them out of the
blog so that everyone knows this was
totally fun yeah yeah man really weird
I gotta get the right knee or they take
your shoes off you can't hear your
footsteps oh yeah your buddy my your do
regulator no ma'am and I'm recommitted
oh oh I bought your I read well back
regulator really oh my father makes two
bottles I got I got crazy little client
on at 8 a.m. this morning I asked for a
big one to make a habit I was like give
me - and she was like rip really it was
like yes please I bought that and a
Power Rangers card to a child
Bagon still good skip Dean's birthday
gift yes dad but it's not even an order
up
research will strongly title any way
that I can make go brain dead James can
edit an amazing show but 30% of the
views are going to come from title
lengths up to it's all about like how
you wrap it up oh well no sorry I was
doing tags for the video and one of the
videos were featuring one of their tags
is literally Hitler and its trendy
sounds like YouTube doing the same thing
suppose we not apology it could be good
were you get being rien yeah a lot of
comments about tampering on bed so I'm
gonna go deal with that and think what
there's a handprint on the bed and yeah
and the comments are getting real creepy
can't wait there's on the bed is still
there yeah but my CSI laughs I'm so
handsome
oh oh okay some people using that for
some look naked maybe okay okay
there's two oh man it would look these
two they're not good oh yes there they
would make it look oh it's like a porno
room this is a porno oh man is it hard
you don't know what her hands did they
didn't have time to react they were just
like I just gotta grab hold something no
what are you doing you got the backpack
on I was gonna enjoy comic view but then
my another man got sick what happened a
little man the whole year in action what
again I blame the grandparents those
grandparents came in babysat him like
champs
they weren't sick themselves but I'm
blaming them but I had to go army have a
good day we'll see you tomorrow the
house might be burned down I throw this
crazy party and we're going to do
so what's just you know the cake next
act called forgot to use a birthday cake
we don't know what to write on it we
were going to put a penis but then we
were like we're gonna have to blur that
we're going to put a pentagram we living
every hilarious insulin are just gonna
write happy fuckin birthday without you
Julie we give a nickname
I think little bitch we could call him a
bitch all day let's call this a birthday
bitch literally put birthday bitch yeah
it's just you know red velvet yeah in
the red velvet dish he has been drinking
since - you gotta start from the inside
not oh yeah yes come for me inside so
he's gonna be missing on because this is
really going down quick so they have
like unwatchable candles yeah but Joe we
don't have that my music antagonize that
we're not in a dance party I do look now
they're just walking around I think
there's about to Mecca keeps making a
move he's dragging like he's not
interested so you go for the kill that's
coming off this bitch right now
it's like alright blow mouth happy
birthday
everybody get out
you lost a favorite any words and the
words of my freshman year of high school
English teacher once told me if I told
my birthday you're one year closer to
dying kid I really tell people it's my
birthday
people just fuck him put it out there
new brother broken
corn hole what motherfucker did you
bring did you bring a working one I did
I wouldn't have brought a broken one
during work hours we party yep I'll be
on my team I'm watching them do it first
okay so you don't want to be on my team
okay no I will not the only one person
come along with one more thing comes out
a point okay okay forget it
totally this makes a lot of sense the
teams are me and James we're the
california blue balls then we must be
the boozy
oh my god still there around the back
lady let me tell you what
hey too windy out here
we can't we can't play this not just
wrong with your face you want to thank
dad or a cowboy me give me the stripe
today
score what's this guy thank you just the
wrong person to ask
you've got 19 Reds got 13 run for 14
Oh what happened I missed it so me and
my teammate here mr. Brian bourse the
shots itty-bitties with distracted
biddies have taken this round we'll see
if any other competitors rise to the
challenge
okay probably not probably not everyone
scares big because we want to celebrate
your winner
yeah you say goodbye to everybody
straight we say bye to everyone okay
yeah my
