do you hear anything
not really what the hell are we do
Airbnb is costing us money but it's
already a billion times superior he's
not dead yet which is nice so this is a
new permanent setup building a permanent
oh shit I'll have to touch that I'm
gonna their views is the height joy what
do you talk about today bills it's like
super easy and that's like then maybe
let's talk about Syria Oh crazy sick
going on this world what was that what's
up Amanda
yeah like email about fast date I can
track it but it's horrible Lindsey
question that I'm taking her out tonight
so I can't go with you guys oh yeah so
we're doing what tonight frequency fast
eight so I'm excited
topping out wicked crazy maybe I'm gay
yeah those give me give me about 20
minutes Vegas I don't care you don't I'm
great you got a whole blue I love you
moving up in the world yellow spot
wondering what heavenly pretty good
likeness a to me yeah so I made the
coffee right no you tell them what you
did after oh oh yeah I open up the
cabinet and they had salt and pepper
then they had another container of just
sugar right so then I put a nice little
little scoop in and then I tasted my
coffee and it was so yep yeah thanks
thanks to Rihanna Rihanna my umbrella so
there is according to a statement by
Chicago police aviation officers
attempted to carry the man but the man
fell what why are you like clean your
fucking mouth when they know there's so
much video evidence like so much it
doesn't make sense
that's probably Department describes a
situation like like a husband abusing
his wife I try to pick her up cuz you're
big idiot you foul but in her face blood
everywhere she tripped over the bail
teen films she bunch of spray like this
salary is it Chapelle that that does
those jokes about us I got to see a
master football players because again if
they get in trouble for doing football
things during non football
like maybe laugh about it while enjoying
your lunch
yeah doing your day job yeah lovely well
how was your lunch outside lovely not
used to being inside of the sky room
which I talked someone shooting yes
don't have that problem anymore
today's best eight but it was a big loss
ah that's mean I don't approve of any of
this Joe have you ever had at each other
one well shut up do you know what it is
it's like a pig ear yeah exactly that
it's so good oh you have to get off this
peg a pig piggy right not a pig ear at
the big skin will point out from Paul
Walker report oh my god you're an
asshole
he was a pigeon the first one right man
you were the good guy he wanted it just
changed though most excited about for
tonight just the cheesy lines the cheesy
line Luna Luna gonna be there yeah her
Lu's gonna be there was just one of the
six songs roll out pick it out you're
not a ludus and are we doing a fantasy
that's the best Bluetooth I got a fuck
to wait today what you've done that
there's a woman yes you should ask Keith
if he knows one Ludacris on ok do you
have a favorite Lula song man like get
out the way bitch get out the way
actually care for that one like it's
like big person is what you say
nah it's awesome being in the club I
mean the CIB EMT ID Oh every minute
hanging from my necklace oh yeah million
bucks
help us out how the fabula net what
about you Briana what's your favorite
Glenda song that'll be area so area
codes wouldn't come like I got hoes in
different area codes oh my life
autograph and up I'm a little dizzy oh
can I get poisoned different angry so
else party when you leave such enjoy
relocation don't break anything I'm
going to I wrote land my fat ass run and
lift some weights and then hopefully if
we get worried about a contract so we'll
be at Furious 8 so we're going to miss
you enjoy the movie even when it's
stupid enjoy it so it all to enjoy any
classic furious will do that little if
you notice anything then you see him how
pumped is he that what the space didn't
want to do that's a three is to who am I
talking about there was a guy that's in
the first one though and then he decides
he didn't want to do the second one
oh really she'll either replace them and
everyone embraced it oh no I mean yeah I
remember because Luther wasn't in person
ja Rule
oh honey oh shit come on trapper blow it
up at that time and he was like no no I
want more money
no he's gonna focus on my career and
they replaced him with Ludacris and
nobody cared
everyone was fine not only that but we
all forgot his career Chanel right I
know going on every decision most
important decision jail
that's right film Chris Pratt was
untouchable then he made that movie with
what's-her-face space movie space
Titanic's passengers space tight and
that's that great I enjoyed it also
proved to me that like the movie doesn't
need to be good I'll watch Chris Pratt
do anything I'm gonna leave gel okay
fine pill but we'll miss alluvial of I
do what you can't just okay okay
I haven't been here during the day and
queered with their holy here join just
that bar getting drunk in the Justin
Bieber video I've never seen that I have
to be the only one I've seen well they
were this baby babe hey I know that you
all know that SourceFed and everyone's
worried about what all the hosts are
going to do and stuff but I don't want
you guys to worry I just got to deal
with Pepsi oh this is a part of the
Pepsi corporation if you look really
close right here all low level youtubers
are swallowing up Pepsi deal
you
do you feel like this is the worst donut
I've ever had in my life yeah Billy was
almost kiss a little jealous I am
excited you know I've seen a lot of
things I've been to the been you know
deep in the ocean more than anyone so
I'm kind of hard to impress but
hopefully they'll do a dubbing the
nobbies no offense I'm excited for
family because it's all about Pam was
furiously family for baking I am excited
for my new husband Ludacris and I hope
this is exactly Sookie addressed in the
franchise I'm most excited
I'm only Michelle Rodriguez mmm who do
you like better the rock or bindis seek
peaceful really fucking pitch-black
fucking ridden he's is a super nerd and
I'm into it are you my new hat man lemon
and we're
music stops they stopped dancing
alright okay here we go
how does it compare to the other one I
feel like this is the smartest one I
think we should what are you wanting to
do like I am it was fun
I would not say it was good a lot of
tight-knit family being family is family
I loved it I loved the passengers
franchises something so when I bought
over you know what you're getting into
I mean they literally like threw a
missile across ice like I don't I don't
know what else there is to say I think
everyone else is said some pretty good
things so we have one thing to add
that's all about y'all what are you
doing I like seven better but it was
cool I like that all right guys are we
ready to roll out Autobots
I rather walk yeah we're about a
platform visit if you can do the low
angle just let me lose like 25 pounds
now your highlight completely change I'm
just always going to be in a lunge
everything I just whatever year do your
eye lines look like a foot them above my
head Joe you're so big and strong that's
always it's where they can hold the
camera
