I'm not witty or smart enough to come up
with something on the spot I got an hour
and I'll come up with like a good line
what fish turn down for what
oh hey what's it we in the background
that's not mine
that is a Weeping Angel Doctor Who fans
will know that is right is that the cold
weeping interest
I mean it's loud wheezing angel it's
approximate yes okay
I hope it kills you an allegation is
there's a roommate
oh yeah what are you so you're making a
pink bow tinder profile yeah well
everyone else is doing Fortin things I'm
updating my tender game because you know
the deserts been dressed big desert I
never heard of that term before I just
came up with it you're welcome you're
calling your vagina a big prize just
dried up and ashen away he's gonna win I
have a China overflowing canals
don't worry about it if you think we can
cook canal be cool but he thought it was
overflowing now my brains like we let me
be I only got a boyfriend in that tinder
profile I think you gotta add in the
whole you know overflowing canal many
describe my vagina as an overflowing
canal okay alright keep you mean I'm
gonna stay here and edit and I think
you're gonna go to the space and shoot
more yeah say hi and do fun things
yeah it'll be so much fun I'll forget
the park in
I gotta finish your sweet Joe okay cool
you hope with it go stop it
exclude James updated yeah your day go
well good shows okay it's not that that
great mean I feel like I've been off my
off my game all week like I appreciate
you and I have to be able to have a
place but feel so like weird
maybe that moment that you yell that was
a which she wished to show I love that I
got way less crap for for screaming at a
stranger than you guys got for following
orders from upper management to throw
out the things they were going to throw
out hey won't you didn't see that no way
in the comments you guys got so much
crap for for throwing the stuff out
because I think what a lot people
realize it because we didn't want to
film it because weird thing was everyone
took what they wanted employees as smart
as gear from the the old studio that a
bunch of stuff was sold I think then a
bunch of stuff was also given away will
result so yeah good will and then there
was just a bunch of leftover stuff that
they were going to throw out and so that
you guys are just like let's move cog
toto but apparently you guys are all the
devil okay
yeah I just felt bad because I felt was
the first time we almost need to explain
weird that's weird
good this guy climb the Tom Cruise
glasses not quite aviators like aviators
the relevant diet they're from Venice
Beach for $15 got to him I'll see you
guys later
via present Jess Joe's fiance told me
that he's very happy
what what are you happy working with you
know chance help let's do that oh yeah
and that you would never want to go back
to freelancing I don't know about that I
don't have an option look like a party
apparently he said I've never worked
with a group of people that get me so
much oh
we were leaving the office you're like I
know I've only been here a short time
but I've never walked in and felt more
comfortable
yeah like when I watch it I knew I could
be weird and no one would give a shit
I've been wearing on my life it's been
hard to find a group of friends I think
you look like you're you were coming to
a meeting it's been therapy for me you
should record them okay what you think
you deserve we're all giving you a lot
of shit because not only is today the
day were filming this national burrito
day but tomorrow is national beer day
and Joe didn't plan shit for seconds
today which is like a clean last week
but still we could go we could go
anything we can do a delayed one because
I begin some tweets with people it's
brutally Joe we're gonna go eat Mexican
food and drink beer for lunch because
I'm Hannah you okay so be uh do you know
what day it was
jeans have like tea it was yes hey Phil
do you know what day it was one second
it's kind of just like I'm read kind of
my lover I know that I read it before
and all but you bastard what the hell we
doing home we're going to have a team
lunch but didn't you say that we're
doing this for this today oh yeah it's
our radar burrito beer day I missed it
man is mad or making up for it but it
was what you know what today was spilled
a you know oh good one of those no it's
gonna I mean there was the coma Roxy
came with her mother a mariachi band
very absurd mariachi band so you're just
saying a margarita I was like yeah for
some reason I do need to heal at 2:30
I'm driving her drive and DVD or I could
walk home so the Franco hit by a bus
call me stumbling home you're just gonna
create a every time you say okay saying
it's gonna be a wall street journal' the
caption of even good we think I kind of
dig them sex me I don't know I feel like
one right is
kind of more fun for me yes it's like I
get that it's an honor but he let me
lose it right you guys you guys come
through know what up that came around my
shake everybody's here
national burrito day go beer day that
month office in this trunk you get
permission to get drunk during work
permissions who's gonna come down on you
general like their filters if you don't
provide an office or you don't get to
crack down on it
just do one drunk day or we do
everything from getting so drunk people
editor albeit expert I know restaurants
right we'll make up national drunk day
so things have just got a horribly wrong
I'm all for up together hold each
other's hair off long turns sound awful
tight I wanted to end this video on
actual Monday we're going to excite
you're gonna see more of that in the
other vlogs but in today's hope Franco
show just wanted to address a few things
the first I've seen these these videos
of people trying to like stir something
up and spark something saying the philip
defranco show make it canceled no that
is that is nowhere near the truth I
could see how people might speculate
into that with the limited information
out there but it's not true by any means
there is a lot of fun I the scenes
business dealings which is also part of
the reason why I seem probably more
aggravated and frustrated and at times
you moralized but know that that's just
that's just really the nature of of
what's happening right now and a lot of
the things that I choose not to fully
share it's one for legal reasons with -
I feel like negativity is infectious and
also there are times where especially I
have fun I found over the past few years
where I just need to slow down how I
express things to kind of filter things
out rather than just raging and burning
bridges of a temporary situation even
though life is very very long and
business dealings are very very wrong so
no truth to being cancelled in fact we
are very close to being a very very
exciting journey and I think that's the
note I want to end on unless you want to
play that throw up clip again or you can
play a tour of a clip but I just want to
comment on how nice this kid is still
look at it it's great okay back you're
the worst beep but at least you went to
220 yeah we'd go 2012 in Idol deck but I
described it to her
hi Joe and my people inside of camera
that Joe is holding like to be I got
your back moving hey watch my bag on the
clean how you look at that
