that's until the address yeah do you
care to be on camera yeah sure
the way that I'm knocking in you're
right here a little weird
hey there he is
drunk no I wish I was what's in that
Dante this is just couple
what are you doing Keith I'm working
from home today apparently because we
are without an office they're in another
space that won't fit us I still got a
little bit more to do on the blog okay
you want to do a little wash down give
me notes whatever we could do a wash
down that's who I got a tub
how's that sound you sounds great to me
I'll get a little wash down going your
boys in the Washington shoot man
oh shit look at that this was better for
you I get so nauseous
what the hell's your name I forgot John
because I could hear her breath
quivering why I'm shaking so much
Oh looks like you won right yeah you
want hmm okay look we're done all right
Keith was all we doing now I think we're
gonna head over to where the other guys
are and and we're gonna say hi and shoot
some stuff I guess right so yeah there's
a manager's message me back she said
also can you bring James a coke he's
struggling today we gotta bring him some
coke okay
so she just hates pop light like
stoplights fucking sucks sometimes you
just want to go go go but Jeff stop stop
stopping this is really fucking annoying
sometimes you know I'm saying ya know
just like go motherfucker let's go
oh did you lose your mind close my eyes
waiting to hear back get into lace all
right well what's going on man have been
going all over the damn place today so
we're going to shoot at a Ethan's today
and the rest of this week that they were
issued in the the back alley of a Costco
what was your background this podcast no
it's blue room it looks like you're
shooting different look like I was
shooting a BuzzFeed video of $5 rip off
someone else's video or $1,000 rip off
someone else's video yeah wait so you
got a you're going to tell me like what
blessed soul allowed you to be so
blessed to use the blue okay there you
go you know so I had a weird dream last
night what was a headed to ream that
Ethan and I kissed
oh he's gonna be here in like an hour so
you can let him know it was before we
came from the movie came Prince what we
kissed first I had to text him this
morning because I was like so this is
kind of weird you're letting us use your
space or a week which you're like a
Banff or but I also have to talk about
you in today's show oh so like I feel
like you're gonna be cool with that he
was like I'm totally cool with it I get
it's not person with a job I just I
think that speaks speaks highly of them
yeah
good guys good kids are - alright well
what are you doing for us someday I got
to make sure that the words coming out
of my face in today's video are not
wrong and or stupid and then I'm just
fucking it I mean go sheep I mean I have
meetings do it I like it
you got him some cokes though like
Wescott
yeah what is that okay you want some
coke and a one dollar bill how are you
supposed to get it out without hundreds
oh we don't have that kind of person who
eats Reza hundred dollars on the coat we
had yeah three hundred dollars of coke
then we could have a one dollar bill
what is that no for real it's flour some
real coke I'm going to show up on the
Wall Street Journal they soups Philip
defranco's it's gonna be really comes
back that looks like Coke over here for
so start drama
this is what startups of Pikeville is
without look people emails like our new
office is so nice
we have mimosas and I'm like we're
homeless I want to couch covered in a
blanket Oh Joe hey over mimosas can you
guys be so doe over the weekend ice
cream that lady in a car to go kill
herself
oh well wouldn't you Giggy all she did
was hunk I was just having a really bad
day and I had no energy no so we're like
waiting in ballet and so I'm just like
trying to get I'm ready to get Trey out
of the car seat and she honked and I
just came up the window I was like kill
yourself and then I went and got Trey
she driving a Mercedes I don't remember
good well if she was like a fan of yours
Phil if you wanted a picture he's
walking with the children don't kill
yourself oh my god so the breakup is the
problem is I wonder so I took out like
that just through that one statement I
took like four months of anger about
this stranger part so see you tomorrow
right yeah okay yeah yeah yeah any words
of inspiration for the people do what
you can't
oh you do one
