so she'll anyone here hello hello paper
towels hello where'd he go
Home Depot and uh right James James your
sock Kate you come out I'll edit the
blocks for a week oh shit lupus fuck
hello everyone here hello bill now bill
that you really okay tell fuck them
hello shit but what dude what do you
even the skin makeup removers con oh
okay the last time I'm going to this
door I'm not gonna run away okay 1 2 3
Phil uh what I'm gonna miss opening up
the storage favorite you can say it only
opening a little bit I know look look at
this you would think that's stupid couch
last time here in this room it's not
going to hit me until like a week and a
half from now see in my head I'm just
thinking okay did I do today's video
right any final memories that you want
to share with the crew and in this room
and anything weird that they don't know
about so and it's room now this room is
the most boring room in this office any
weird stains we should kind of rather
than saying goodbye to this place what I
want to do is I want to repeat what I
told the the og host when we first moved
here and that's we are entering a very
very exciting time we should get fucking
excited I'm smelling assertive of that
inspirational quotes there's nothing no
there's nothing but no one wants that
sure they just want a coming on glasses
which apparently is one of the most
known references that I had never people
were getting the answer right
yeah Nick Manning I didn't know who he
was I mean I remember hearing it and
there's a soundboard of it you know
Howard Stern
how do we do in honor of Nick Manning
Robin loads all over Phil's office
alright Phil's last time of the sawfish
looking forward to the future bye Phil
bye buddy and I'll close the door near
honors one last one
Keith what are we doing now we're
organizing what we are taking from the
ashes that was SourceFed oh okay so we
got look at all this stuff we're not
taking all this stuff though right Keith
on all of our stuff we've moved over
there okay a little somewhat organized
and all the green tape cool oh look your
shirt screams editor maybe we're you're
part of the equipment packing up in the
storage yeah just leave me until I need
a feed you to be a blow job what do you
think it is hold it steady
okay
down key you write higher laughs of the
load Wow
dropping loads on the time-lapse go up
load loads up and load all over the
truck over the Internet
look at this mess look at this mess mess
mouth so many messes
everything's gone what the hell you're
doing wrapping tonight yeah in like
professional way the tip is still your
what it's just that's the scariest part
and you're gonna wrap that and painters
tape the weakest shitty of shape no fuck
you didn't area like business nice any
right it nice and small no caution right
what an asshole hey Brian how you
feeling about this move more in trouble
why do you say that because we feel like
we have everything packed but then when
you get around at some rooms there's
just random shit Oh
like kind of like this room like this
devil worship music Phil the last
gathering in through heroin just losing
it because desk is still fully made like
nothing these things what's also just
trying to make sure James isn't killed
because it looks very agitated a lot of
it going to be a short show today
tonight so why would you lie because I
thought here would have to be a short
show today yesterday here's the problem
Amanda fucked her whole trip which was
I'm going to tell you you need to be
done at a certain time because you don't
actually have to be ready or done until
like two hours later okay both okay
I've worked for you so long I have to
come up with your tricks play too hard
we go over the tricking huh if you clean
you guys look at me right she's not
moving running out the whole building
that is pooling everyone's done bro
they're gone or likely not until head we
still going to work from this corner
right here you know what am I just sure
they're good memory you know it's not a
great memory us working out of these two
incredibly small room with no windows
and no windows whatsoever except Amanda
man is Dylan forgave angry that should
be some kind of
okay I'm gonna have black curtains in
that room oh hell no no well no so you
tomorrow is the rule whoever is in the
room has a vote but Manasota kind of
choice hello y'all are going to like it
when there's glare on your computer when
the lighting is shitty for you trying to
film went like you're not going to like
it or when it gets boiling hot because
we're on the fourth floor with a sauna
facing Russo he loves you we're on the
fourth floor it's gonna be so hot Jojo
everyone said you make me look so mean
and he's like I'm not mean I just hate
fun ways shows fault everyone said that
Joe and Phil make me look real mean I'm
not mean I promise no cliff like him
that nobody doesn't something you say no
I in the comment you pray hands McGee's
gonna depending on me right now but you
would realize I did shoot hot on her
neck a little bit all right
I mean idea in memory of the stained
carpet Phil I say we pick a little spot
and we all pee on it
we all say turns or now that the deposit
I literally I'm going to help them in
this place we're going to make a
relative positive onto the carpet
nailed it yeah I want to try
you
all right Tom Cruise fills it man your
last time in the atrium I know should we
do it just says never forget you want to
do any shoutout spill any shoutouts
thank you to everyone from when I was
involved with everything that made it
what it was to even want to became this
other different thing you made it what
it was and there were different groups
of people that loved it but Danny just
gave this to me and I made me made me
very sensitive what is that from like
mill school
yes this is my middle school notebook
and I just so happened to write 20 17
new things
Danny actually wrote that and here are
my ideas from the past I didn't have any
but I said so it's like we were saying
earlier it's a blank page except Danny
ripped out one of the pages favorite old
thing there we go the beginnings already
ruined please Danny Rosenberg maybe she
was in the bathroom and we're all out of
toilet paper
well the things you assume okay you know
where I draw a baby what if you were
dating did you take a paper towel you
crumble up like a billion times or
agents it up and shake oh no I'm not
well number two I wouldn't trust them
wait for this challenge this is Monday
so Wednesday blog we're going to be in a
new place what happened in the new place
we can be at a pool party we had a pool
party a lot of what we're about to do is
risky especially with like how crazy
everything is around YouTube right now
this one business to plan things out I
tweeted about it online this morning
this is gonna feel it's gonna feel like
a different life in a year goodbye
forever I really hope I don't die in a
car crash in a second okay you don't get
to say my wife is sick at home don't
have to make dinner tonight
good enough oh no what I just thought
sorry we kept call me Tom Cruise and
then I said risky and then I was like
he's going to say risky business and
it's going to make me want to punch him
oh shit
Oh exactly throughout their risky
business
