hi Amanda and Emma I'm glad that you
signed for her she was here looks
Morrison glad she's gone
thank you don't you want to take
somebody else yeah am I thank you for
your autograph I'm Justin Sophie Berkley
the client though I did when he came in
my voice was overwhelmed by Amanda's
going in a birthday hug before I keep
you so weird but they can show ya I am
trying to work there's still so okay
we're just loose I'm so great who
teaches Jill where where is it a deal
world with a new couch if you've been
paying attention you know that things
are changing SourceFed SourceFed nerd
people be like all shut down today they
start moving everything we're running
the shows to the end of the week and
then we got to figure out what to do
we're gonna have to do I feel like the
equivalent of couch surfing but which
shows so Collider offered studio space
dave rubin offered studio space I got to
check email as we started blowing up
when people realize like I'm actually in
a panic but yeah that yes that's what
other to say the perfect time to thank
the sponsor pretty much wherever we're
going to end up we're going to end up
using that money for the police and for
for some sort of sanity and some sort of
beautiful easy transition and that is
squarespace.com flash vlogging a sponsor
for this vlog we're a philip defranco is
losing his mind
but do you know where I'm not losing my
mind on Squarespace where they make easy
beautiful websites you got no installs
no patch is no upgrades ever feel like
I'm turning this into the page of the
love it I just look at your still don't
have human they have amazing 24/7
customer service two main point if you
wanna make the smart move like many from
the nation already having start your
free trial start making oh my god open
this love yellow if you really like to
use coupon code wildly for 10% off your
first purchase its grateful just so you
know it's very strange to talk to camera
when you're putting it right in front of
your people like issues like an
extension somebody do you like having
all that girl
oh no black you what do you say he's
being a smartass what he said I said
it's a cock you mentoring YouTube Brett
I don't know if you're looking for a new
series we're looking for some funding
and stability we're going to make the
cock you mentoring will sensor out the
first two letters so we see asterisk
asterisk a you mentor e
hey-oh what do we do when do they filled
you can just go down thanks and shit up
and yeah I think let's let's pack some
stuff up it's really like a free-for-all
of who gets what it's just going to get
crazier as the windows own I'm going to
get this figured out for us okay that's
figured out for us which is well I have
a big fan of Squarespace because there's
nothing uncertain about that I want to
point out here I was wired sexiest man
of the year oh yeah yeah I mean we'd be
like bombarded the poll and it went to
me instead of an attractive person but
you did one it also has it been on the
internet in like three months it's old
stop with the foodie joke
oh shit oh maybe we can shoot your show
if these plays ask them but I'm up do
you know how expensive the the vine
apartments are I'm like I don't want I
don't want I don't want I don't want to
accidentally spreads anyone's business
just saying you should drop that kind of
money on a rental oh it's not a slam it
you know I think it might be you doing
keep I am making some boxes back here
put some stuff in some boxes like all
sorts of box where gold ones warm ones
tight ones boxes are you visit your
vagina
you're weird what happened in here was
telling everything inside Record to
break is going on there we're all out of
jobs we're gonna do with all this stuff
hey that we're gonna inventory it and
then tack it up and then take it
elsewhere what about this this I'm
drinking this is what's going to get me
through the crippling debt that we're in
and we'll keep me warm as I sleep on the
streets to buy okay you want my name
still rappin cable 17 hours breath and
cables
please
what are you doing are you feeling out
of the cable tech these cables out of
here go resign but now you don't have to
go trade your car and you just well now
now I can just be like hey so I stayed
here all night with the guys working you
didn't because I have video proof yeah I
stayed here till six eleven cool Wow
yeah super late yep it's still light
outside and nipples show not again can I
see you actually doing some physical
work Joe I'd love to see you do physical
work that'd be great
I'm holding a whole new camera to do
what walk underneath the ladder with the
camera that's bad luck the priority call
men and I'm fine oh shit
I wish we had those brake little bottles
like you totally does yo dude perfect
hook us up with them so a breakable
bottle
it was you okay looks like you're going
a little crazy oh this is when they
didn't realize that so many people were
going to get over a million subscribers
and they made them really heavy I'm in a
good mood because I just got
confirmation that we're getting the
plate we're going to be able to move we
don't have to be homeless for a very
long time what kind of a storage unit
which I know that you and James for some
reason we're so pumped about so though
the stills there's still lots to be
moving well we've done like a little bit
of damage it's going to take a while
Phil you're not doing any of it are you
just going to watch I mean I'm gonna be
working and still doing stuff that we
can't I can't talk about on camera but
solve for a better future it's all for a
better future for us more for all the
new content we're gonna be able to make
and just it's we're on the cusp of very
exciting time because like that weird
cusp on the edge I'm almost what's the
what's the word right before you reach
climax orgasm permit the slower we're up
the orgasm I like that I'm looking for
like a helpful word or like something
that requires finesse and you just
fucking hammer through the english
length well though or guys will be like
when we were there right needs now we
can that would be any climax you put the
wrong and fascist on the wrong syllable
we don't want to blow our load one right
role in there so I guess we got it after
we get there and we figure out some cool
shit then we'll blow our load right
scientifically speaking they blew their
load main point is a great video it's a
great video great video you're going to
I mean I'm very nervous about how I was
emotionally in the beginning of the
video or you still get your friend over
there you need oh my okay I thought you
were like literally pointing to nobody I
was like true I have isolated myself and
put up walls Joe yeah thank you
I'm thinking making some progress though
you got your shoes on this time what's
the next video I guess we're going to be
it's going to be crazy become just
playing it by ear yeah I mean I think a
big part what I wanted it so there might
be one week where we have to shoot from
I can
Airbnb or we might take up those guys on
using their studio for a little bit the
thing that gets me really excited about
moving into this new place is it's
something that I really didn't cover
fantastically when we launched a source
said in the beginning is really like
showing the rise of something new
obviously we're just moving offices but
if everything kind of goes the way that
I want to go we're about to think we can
we can make some big waves and I want I
want I want people to be on like that
rise we drop in moods
so how are you both my favorite at a
least favorite verse is the same time
the main point of today's video is Phil
can say stuff but then Joe could just
say drop and load all over the glass
what is that I feel like that from
something I got this from your favorite
porn series is it not my favorite porn
series that we're going to call it out
in the comments below I'm sure Joe knows
if anybody can give them a dollar I was
like stains here are disgusting but it's
all memories yeah it's all beautiful so
what do you think that memory some way
we can make some new ones before we
leave right take a black line through
this place oh I wouldn't think anywhere
he goes and he knows that's not that's
not a bad
