stop Joe you know what Monday is X I
didn't even start a sec read what today
is Phil Joe day maxximum Joe vehicle you
just made it up
no I swear to God look it up what do you
Briana Briana
look at us what is the National Joe Day
celebrate I thought you made that up
yeah it celebrates Joseph Phil maybe a
so dump you take me to dinner some of
the night yeah like a second birthday
ISM come on Phil take my dinner enjoy a
cup of joe with your friend named joe
that seems like a horrible dad joke that
got way out of hand
come on just have a Joe with Joe grammar
and then they have a fucking holiday
I'll settle for a cup of coffee Phil
come on
did you take me for some coffee I just
want my ball is like rolling wind this
way look at your glove right here and
everything 100 days well happy Joe day
Joe I'm go get a present or anything
Oh your present is that you have a
goddamn Joe gay yeah Oh through but you
know you know when Joe dan but you
didn't know when International Women's
Day was the priorities okay just for
this I see weed Appreciation Day on the
board I need you to make up to us um
we'd appreciate that yeah okay what what
day did we celebrate a little
appreciation a Good Samaritan day but uh
but isn't it that National Women's Day
is like The Full Monty
Joe am I doing this you look I swear to
God March is Women's Month
the woman is no Women's Day falls within
March but then there's it's doubling up
Joe get Women's History Month I'm gonna
come with you I'm gonna come to you
during Black History Month and I want to
see him you'll taste yourself saying the
same things Joe Vegas is there a men's
History Month
got a guy kind of quiet in here
leave laughing lucky Levin you're a man
what's up day to where we go where's the
plan to make another t-shirt
I'm getting skin over dude I was like I
feel like I've mentioned as multiple
times but I'm very happy that I was
wrong I said show this message I was
like I eat this video and I kind of hate
this shirt now I'm gonna let you do it
because like because whatever but and
then it sold 800 shirt we got good views
I don't know what anyone wants that's
what I learned in that video what Phil
is linking is wrong okay one more Joe
day Oh God who is it good we did this
really seducer
well that's porn I like I like that you
said it like those just been off the top
of your head anything what you haven't
been thinking about you're like oh you
know crazy idea that be funny though if
it actually sold it would be the Sidious
Organa McGarrett just says Jim yet would
the same like sports pawns anybod lady
look Brian is on a jacket on also you
can't do that because of Joe sure with
an exclamation mark just look like a
Joel shirt Oh what are you going to yeah
i remind me of the gem shirt I remember
that Trump called and low-energy so he's
like I'll show you exclamation mark you
want to make a shirt that just doesn't
show on it I think that's what I'll be
wrong this is what it would sell it'll
sell three and I'll be good guy buying
them all subscribe accrue a point like
Pete builders for people that would
avoid
o-ring just cuts you off is just like no
you're clearly posed like this is fake
so as far as what today as though
nothing the green Sophia brought me they
still had Jesus resume look under other
what it says other martial arts black
belt in Shotokan Karate musician
percussion and bass Makar
yes no I know this is like that is a
most interesting thing in the world to
me is that James if it made is actually
like an injury to hurt every
he's deceptively strong if you ever see
James on the street
don't try to attack him he'll kill you
better your first auto their Genoa
tactic but why is being Power Rangers
competing you're going to see what Power
Ranger oh my god well if you get tired
you're done use of your karate on Joel
okay
I showed him here give him your resume
apparently some great thing no Amanda is
like in love with it what Amanda thinks
that it's like the best thing in the
world I will hit me start like giggling
and laughing about it like you laugh all
you want to got me a job okay whatever
suppose I'm not laughing I don't think
it's like I'm not making fun of you I
think that it's great I don't know my
resume like when I applied here four
years ago like to have you're still like
that'd be great he hired you because you
could have an empowering because could
have been remember you could still be a
Power Ranger you guys all I do
so you're not going to come to power
interests I am not missing out I used to
watch the tower in Genosha
you used to watch yeah did you the
original original original yeah with
Jason and Kimberly Kimberly was hot
okay well bye still I'm gonna come
without you enjoy the movie in that it
not bad will tell you spoilers tears oh
fuck you Joe pecky the counter
we're doing Joe kilink you coloring man
oh yeah I love the power range there yes
yeah kid as an adult I still wasn't sure
fucking great you know the Power Ranger
for Halloween which color I was a red
one like three years ago as racist we're
taking stances would not be nearby
you get Tom probably on your orange
identity might be your hands I thank you
Valerie I'm hopeful all right James what
about you know prevent your opponent out
I do who's your favorite parenthood kid
I think yeah but thank you hi
mostly cuz I was a girl like pink and he
kicked out
oh yeah mine was the Green Ranger but I
don't think he was good right bad you're
bad at first for a little bit but then
he like you hooked up with Kimberly and
they turn them good yeah you turn into
the white range before
all I know is I can't believe with that
I used to watch them on with the other
chick Treena few girls right yeah yeah
yellow yeah she died in the crack she
died in the real life real life real
life yeah bad luck continued run I got
used to care for our injured favorite
Power Rangers old-school Power Rangers
how does it really mean but you all the
way silly all the way he's like billion
sorry is it weird nobody picked a black
ranger you know racism champion favorite
Rangers I never do black Ranger Joe what
was his name I forgot his name
seeing these like the my trailer
everything the black Ranger cute really
good I'll vote for that three I don't
remember their names and the oldest it's
been way too long however their names
either but I remember I like the Blue
Ranger from Power Rangers turbo when I
had a Jeep because the Blue Ranger was
like a thirteen year old
and every time he more feel like became
a full-grown adult no like I can be a
Power and Republic has what this is me
yo buddy girls migrate through the panic
what do you think they're you pretty
good
what do you guys think hey we don't put
on that yeah take the fucking hat off I
like it like straight brim right like
that everything we can
I'm going to wear this every day I'm not
skating okay it's gonna be awesome
it was not as bad it was good there were
moments there a moment okay when you
gotta go around cuz Rob's not my
favorite guy your plan is good I don't
want any was a little elope all I think
I could have moved along a little
fabulous but yeah overall exactly what I
thought it was good it was nostalgic I
will say it was real cheesy at point I
was not your friend when everyone else
in theater class does that moment
happened I was over at Brian's cuddle
under a blanket like some whores
great all right what do you think Joe I
love this one thing I learned from that
movie never get into a vehicle with
Jesus doctor you'll get fucked on it I
did not expect it to be a crossover with
Manchester by the speed I am Power
Rangers are measured by the exact same
movie
