good morning captain door what's all
that stuff right there we need someone
that uh someone that is more clearly
than myself and or several people on
staff because um I don't care I mean I
get the job done everything else as long
as it's out of frame except for now you
can tangle the fucking camera Joe it was
like let me know as soon as I get that
bugs you - okay so Bernie if you could
send us a check we'll send you a we'll
send you what rate card we'll let you
know how much if it costs four
roosterteeth box.com slash LED is not a
thing that actually works burning really
well here we are you she watches every
day thanks Bernie
I can we work that shaft oh right that's
what I wanted what are you doing it
feels true I'm assisting I feel like
grabbing stuff working on moving
anything I want and like surrounding
crap
when you feel you stole anything um I
mean not really however he has was $3 on
his desk like since I've been here and I
feel like he's testing people man takes
money oh I like that what's happening
here what if you put like five dollars
there you know if I have the money to
maybe I've turned out like 50 cents like
I did that ten cents to $3 yeah yeah
look the camera why would I touch the
camera thank you so long is that my
camera so like tilt it like this way yes
oh yeah just just rocking was this
update more for you guys or for me yeah
I don't have everything yet with info I
have 129 you know so I will keep going
through them the way I see is you're
nominated for Shorty youtuber for you so
yes so I can't wait to lose that no yes
your profiles really good we really
worked well are we gonna go oh oh
GG jenna Marbles jon cozart can i really
seeing like the coachee Ryan Higa it
would be it's an honor to be nominated I
was shocked that we lost to the likes of
ksi twice as big as ice Liza Koshi four
times as big as ice Ryan Higa
alrighty kids like it's hard to tell but
I think you look 340 I'm excited to lose
along a lot along with swoozie oh yeah
looks great great people lose with jenna
Marbles great person to lose along with
GG lover but that's cool I feel like we
got it we got a hold on to things we can
one I mean I think I could beat those
guys if can I was promoting it through
YouTube every day but I'm not going to
do that for a shorty no sounds Shirley
could you beat them in a busting some of
these people Ryan Higa I feel like he
might have something deep down side of
them do you like it I'd like blood that
fight blood who are you a businessman
from the 70s
oh you know I highly agent because I
have that fight blood okay thanks Joe
for the thanks grandpa Joe bring on Joe
this is not racist I'm just like a push
the button Gould and push the button
I bet that's what make people questions
Oh what are your on day music Joe wins
coming here you hate her yes I know she
looks like a child like I watched her
video because Keith and I it keeps
obsessed with the song side to side it's
his favorite song right now
like you're just because you know I was
about them no I don't think even does
because I put it on his Facebook what
it's about and like he didn't even
really what and I was like what are you
talking about how do you not know what
this is about
anyways I was watching videos it's all
about smell being sore after having a
fun night I like doing my push-ups
look up yeah like a lot of exercise up
in look good good okay cool sexy we
attack we was talking to we look broke
you know that songs about getting dick
so hard bet and I was like wow I haven't
heard that bad sentence each other you
dick so hard
alright yeah no ending give me a key
okay cool magic this magic by doing my
dance moves that we made up over the
weekend when we were in the hospital
what hot tub are you lying
in a hot tub yes you've literally been
in it what do you win it I'll be a menu
I thought you have when there was like
seven other dudes and I wasn't a weird
thing we're eating me may a person that
you're here at the barbecue let's just
end it right there people get do you
make it better good morning no well not
her it's actually not a good idea what
I've been along the lines of me make
your pad you're taking all like the
stuff your shit and you're like
insulating it and it's going to clog it
to like grow more germs whereas you if
you leave it undone it lets it breathe
and dry out he's like a Fed expert I
filed something called I fucking love
science and I said nice about this
shouldn't clean your ears of q-tips and
make your bed there may be aliens in a
star close to her
Oh II won a JV how much at my brand is
Amanda I saw this and I want this looks
like something we probably use in an
abortion yeah what is it what is it a
warrant a review oh wait we got silver
who got gold who my fuckin killin I
swear I got as Young Turks on my fuckin
I'm gonna snap your neck oh my
I just want to go big weather action I
think you'll laugh at Independence Day
weekend I'm not good with dates like at
all what about the food professors like
state are not paid with bacon-wrapped
date what's the definition of a day to
you
spending time one-on-one with a person
of romantic interest but specifically
going out like yes like if you just come
and watch Netflix together it's not
really what if it's like a cute little
date like you watch that so if you light
some candles you make dinner I mean that
could be the presentation like I think
that would be a date with someone that
you're already dating this is where I
get confused is that you date someone to
figure out like who they are like if you
get together like why does it still
count as a date if you're dating to me
that means you are not just committed to
one person like you could be dating that
will be believing but I do think you can
take out your significant other on a
date and I've never been on a date
this young boy don't know like oh hey we
know each other let's go out and look
how choppy we should go out and eat food
hey we should put nutrients into our
favor war bit so I can later put my
penis bone into yours
I haven't had makeup in two months I'm
starting to break out again so I had to
go in and very nice lady I said hey I
have no idea what I'm doing my producer
said I need to get Mac powder and I went
up to check out and then she's like I
recognize you but then you said I enjoy
you but I like your wife better and I
said you know and that's good because I
get to say that to you or it's my wife
and I'll make her happy
