I want to read this so much standing it
can't see a real person Amanda I need
you to be Amanda
she's listened to that loud music I
can't tell if this is a real person who
exists in the real world so I just have
to read it to you okay someone did send
it to me because we were talking about
feminism and how sometimes it could be
toxic symbolism I just I I can't believe
I don't think this person is really like
a real person or they're trolling
looking at what I've seen so far and a
help it's been portrayed not a troll
okay okay so this is from April she says
so going to go on a write lives on
Twitter
so going to go on a rant now but it's
totally justified because oh my god I'm
still shaking from what happened but I'm
also proud of myself I was about to
leave my local grocery store this
morning and as I walked to the exit this
old white guy literally opened the door
for me seriously he stood there holding
the door with his creepy smile on his
face like he was doing something good I
wanted to spit at him but I somehow
managed to keep my composure and look
him square in his face and said excuse
me but what you are doing is
disrespectful you are assuming because I
look like a woman to you that I'm too
fragile to open my own door is annoying
I assure you that I'm strong strong
enough to end up to your misogynistic
bullshit and I just stood there staring
at him until he stepped away from the
door pretty short people in the shop
understood because they were smiling I
felt so proud that I put that arrogant
old man in his place men opening doors
for women is a symbol of aggressive
patriarchy men saying you may enter or
leave this place but only on my say-so
a man opening and holding a door open
for a woman is him subconsciously
reminding her that all men are in
control of a woman's choices no woman
should accept this if a man holds the
door open for you tell him to stop
trying to control where women can and
cannot go in life so anyhow that can be
done with that still shaking from
earlier and a little fragile but it's a
good feeling to know I want a small
battle that is that can't be a real
person that can't be a real person that
someone raised an onion
that's a great way to thrive someone and
you're the embodiment of an onion
article but I gotta let through this
account this can't be a real thing I'm
not even angry I'm just I'm just like
woo is it sad that I wouldn't put it
past up being a real person I know I'm
mad about it like I'm sad for her that
that's how she's living her life but I
think it could be a real person I'm
going to say it's not a troll let's say
it's a real person ah well if it was
Brianna Brianna I was actually reading
groovy on his account but what I went
not your lunch that's a real person for
something better as well any reason I go
past my home dorm until point where
people be like you've helped open
pretend people we need to leave you know
guys never know I don't want to get home
I couldn't see everyone doesn't move
male friends who will walk me to my car
late at night as I parked in a dark
street and it feels old fool that same
time is like oh that's nice one friend
of mine is their relations while my
other friend poco he just always make
sure I get my corner is a few you know
isn't feel like we should just say nice
so Funyuns to do that I here walk ladies
back to their homes make sure that
nothing happened
that he didn't do I did have sexual
relations with that woman
I'm losing faith was I'm just kidding
I've never had sex
Oh George Michaels Lopez cake I got a
happy probably I only remember songs
like
how do you know this is the same song
anymore thank you good god I have nailed
it
great don't you don't encourage any
models being home whatever that wasn't
yeah I'll take that whatever that was
it's the oldest man hating the ocean man
hating I have to deal with
I understand how the girl got the way
she is if I leave a room and you're
going to leave to what blows that
fucking door Twala door for the guys I
mean milady
I am sure them through it is a weird
little thing right because when I hold
the door open I appreciate if someone
says thank you but also they don't past
you I've made that choice
they didn't say can you hold that for me
manners its own whole store experience
thank you I don't like strangers so
something like cuz I gotta
