Oh Phil so we have the new peeps in town
today briefly yeah they came around
their names Artie Cody
Dylan and Alyssa yeah I know the names
Phil congratulations apparently were
having a pizza party in a little bit and
we're gonna meet them feels weird saying
pizza party when no one here is 12 we
call it something else what else can we
call it no I mean that's the thing is I
don't know pizza fiesta the navel now
yeah how about um what is that coachella
pizza cello
pizza cello Phil I could tell by the
look in your face you think that's a
great idea yeah my bailing you out of
these horrible oh look what my photo
there in the background so and I moved
at prime placement goes to my actual
family oh yeah and then you're over
there cool well maybe I'll move it
sometime closer to for you soon yes some
inspiration my office when I'm not here
I away on that couch all the time Phil
all right oh well yeah we're gonna meet
the new people um I should probably tone
it down a little coming in like 50% Joe
50% Joe what is it it's a little early
pizza oh you got some early pizza all
right on it brings me a little so I'll
have to wait in line with the rest of
you fucking enormous great sounds good
I'm glad I'm on Normie Normie maybe that
maybe that Normie pizza that's a great
brand name till North normies pizza
right guys this is it your last time in
this room of just you three send me your
emotions what's your emotion there's a
lot of people in here a lot more crowded
how do you feel what's going through
your mind and you know how do you feel
now I got to film three more people in
here it's gonna take me forever
I know ladies working on right now okay
sounds good just guys meet the new
researchers yeah they're awesome pretty
cool people doing they're doing great
Joel I think you're real close to your
photo shoot I was thinking maybe I wear
nothing but the head no you can do like
I was thinking oh a hat they're like
your wife would like I think she would
approve
she'd approve ask her for you I can let
her take the photo wait do you want to
take this on Phil's couch I think that's
the issue
oh yeah it's happening on the calves or
it ain't happening I'm not involved
joining you should just take the weekend
and think about the other thing about
like everything you've ever done every
day of who you are you should worry
about you pizza's here
come socialize hi can you open up your
clothes
will you show me nice pic of your buzz
what now I'm working on it
want to help me right
I can't haven't you met that I did but
none two people in here heavy hi people
in there we have three new employees
researcher all right I plan on doing
that with everyone please someone else
take a bite I'm suing oh I'm not doing
yes okay cool meet you - how's it going
good what can you tell me about yourself
give me 3 fun facts I was born Tokyo
Japan
oh no way my favorite movie is Minority
Report okay I like Tom Cruise and
everything except his real life all
right number three I am a huge
basketball player so you're a basketball
player I'm just biding my time until the
NBA calls me out okay cool I think we
have someone comment cuz I'm a male
model
alright ELISA correct yes give me three
fun facts about you oh three fun facts I
just moved here from Boston I've
literally got in three four days ago
all the way across country with my stuff
oh I play college basketball yeah oh you
so we're gonna do
so you love animals yeah I love animals
what you do at the zoo I was a
photographer oh yeah so I just pictures
of animals that's sounds like a lot of
fun yeah oh yeah all right and last week
Dillon right yeah that's tell you
doesn't show any good racquetball okay
well that's good so this professional I
have a CD collection of these like old
CDs no no I made series you have a lot
of digital and you're still collecting
yeah hell yeah cool I used to work at
Domino's Pizza so I know how to like
slap pizzeria Marcos it's good so what's
better markers or Domino's inside inside
info
all right cool great to meet you guys
we'll be doing more of this all right
I'm gonna stop filming here boys I'm
just walking around starting yes can I
make a box port a box tunnel fort it's
for a purpose team building what team
our team the whole team the new
researchers and everything Phil I'm
gonna build a tunnel and everybody has
to go under the tunnel I'm sure each
other on what the fuck part of 50
percent Joe were you not getting oh I
thought I've been liking the things that
I say there's also the things that I do
so is that a yes Phil or is that still
within the 50% you know what people keep
stupid fucking questions today people
you mean Joe was the preposition a
tunnel for 14 buildings so here's me
major four
okay but you have to clean it up okay
and you can't force anyone to do it with
you
okay cool is fine I'll touch a girl lie
and say that I know that's how you get
half this shit done okay so I have
permission to do it I just got to do by
myself
people can't participate yeah you cannot
make it so that they think that I said
do it okay it doesn't have to be a
forced group activity Joe okay camera he
walks up to me he goes what are you
gonna do with those boxes can I make a
fort okay don't wanna back to my
childhood me my brothers used to make
forts yeah that's pretty cool
it's fun time Phil when I miss those
times well I'm gonna make something
fucking cool Phil you can be proud of it
I'll make it work well I better get to
work guys
look I'm ready to knock this shit out
we're making it happen
all right I got my box this we're all
cut and ready now put them all together
everybody
making my board I really just gonna be
like boxes one it's not a boring stuff I
can film you from here looking through
look at it's pretty cool right 15
minutes I'm a handyman mom what do you
think you want to crawl through exactly
we're gonna do it on Monday for
team-building did it you have you made a
door yeah there's a door you want to
look at what's that I made a door on it
there's a little door handle you want to
experience and there's a little window
here make sure you see the window how do
you feel about the defranco tone you
think you can get through without your
back hitting the top no you don't think
so no you were right I was wrong
wait say that one more time we were
right I was wrong oh there we go oh yeah
this is the first time ever always right
okay I'll see you on the other side girl
my practice is a kid I wanted to be on
legends of the hidden we need additional
I know we should cut a hole use it like
we build a little kitchen in there we
put in kitchen if you won't say we got
to take it to the new spot and we get
about Pilates about five more months so
we have more boxes and we'll make a
whole room as a boxes yeah a box city
Rock City
box box city bitch all right what you
got there all right
dark you need some lighting get some
lighting in there all right come on
through to the Franco tunnel do you
think the Franco tunnel anyone go
through the Franco before they ever want
to go through it they want to want to
experience what it is to go through a
tunnel
all right I could I if I get the
blankets where you go under it all right
okay let's get a blanket Luke is on it
Luke throw some blankets over this okay
go for it let's see and give me your
thoughts you're gonna read it with me
well yeah if I trust everybody cheer him
on a little bit with you look here
welcome to the team you wanna look out
the window
right here you can poke your head out
Wow cool you should put that place on
Airbnb you know what was your rating
high five you get a plaster that's great
thanks everybody for joining with me
welcome to the team everybody yay all
right
and bye well what are you doing you said
I cannot help so I I need someone to
build it not what I said okay cool
there's gonna be hard to film in if I
don't have learn let's go play no way to
mama thanks everybody
