all right so we got the cert we don't
have one printed doing why wow what a
bit so what is going on that bringing
excitement and frustration we're
supposed to be moving soon but I'm not
getting confirmations from other people
in the company that are technically
responsible for making those decisions
even though it's all about our future
and on top of that for for the business
stuff we're trying to develop new shows
for the main channel as well as this
channel and then at home I just have a
you know you have another one coming the
kid and the new baby coming and with a
lot of stuff good start to the day then
getting that frustration out should we
we should get a punching bag we do maybe
the next place we need to have like just
an anger room where you get to just like
lift things run things out hit stuff hey
let's play it looks play a little fun
side game to it when everyone comes in
see how tired everyone is because last
night was was emo night oh yeah every
time it's like half the staff comes in
just completely not here well let's
start with number one row oh yeah how
was email uh it was good because I
stayed for one beer and then went home
what time did we go home I was in bed
asleep I like elephants sponsibility
feel responsible okay this seems like
I'm talking shit which I kinda am here's
my main policies on shit
one as long as you get the work done
you're fucking fine too if you're slow
that's when it starts to be a pro why
don't you go because that seems actually
like a more you and Jeff like yeah we
would be something adventurous I don't
know what the best outcome for the night
is the best outcome for the night is
they'll do what you can't do it shut up
shut up you're a lot of casing ISTAT and
I love the message of that video that he
included like two seconds of me and we
can beautifully back it wait I mean I
think over a second of will
internet-famous what the fuck does that
but it's like I I am very scared of
telling people to like quit their job
and just throw themselves out into this
risky thing I know so many people who
have failed and tried and they're like
genuinely talented people
I wouldn't call you anything negative
you have actually put out a movie you're
actually screened a movie you're here
which I don't know if you think it's a
failure I'm sorry guys sometimes do your
passion on the side until they zone so
you can focus on it yeah then I mean I
get motivational blog here look at that
is yeah funny maybe we'll do a challenge
where we'll take a nice picture of you
and then we'll have to have like a quote
the quotes like right here of your city
when it's like hey quit within reason
but you need to put out some more shirt
we should do some from the blog actually
uh someone commented that we should make
a you know what today is shirt that's
such an inside joke I mean that that's
not even like was that a coffee machine
shirt why I dry it let's try it though
that's right this one I love it so one
you have to make a shirt based off of
the not you you can work with Brian okay
if you sell least a hundred of them we
can do that this is the big patch
because this is testing how much people
love you Joe oh shit yeah maybe if it
gets under a hundred
I might have to question about you
likely to being here oh no now that is a
fill you know what today is
shut up it's not anything to help no
today is certain day apparently is that
oh my god is that your holiday yeah that
would be a holiday do you know what
today the you know what today is release
shirt day everybody please buy a job
depends on it right that's right so you
gonna include a lot you're going to link
to it today that's it well yeah yeah I I
forgot the way if you want to read a bit
already a little joke and you're just
like stumbling down a mountain right now
and be released today and I could give
someone credit this guy named Alex I
think hey Alex thanks for the idea
now I can get any of the money but okay
we have to get out of it we have got
Alice now well you have a lot to do they
still wanna be right there behind you
dinner's but shucks
following you around all day go back to
some original shifted it okay yeah yeah
can you CBS today's a national day
suspected like March 13 National Day
holidays for March 13 its Good Samaritan
Good Samaritan Day yeah that's so get
psyched that sounds good you better get
Samaritan today sure I recycle this
morning well that's good semantics it
Samaritan thing yeah so yeah originally
today wasn't a national day but I just
looked and it's actually national Good
Samaritan day and that fits perfectly if
people won't be a good Samaritan we can
help me save my job that is not not so
you know today it's well no it's not a
day it's not a day I would be the
opposite of a Good Samaritan because the
story that you're selling based on the
joke was that I'm going to fire you
unless people stop me yeah so everybody
get Samaritan you know today is shirts
are on no buy for a friend in need by
fill my days just begun
oh yes good Joe you have to come with us
sometime no I told Jess about it she
wants to come hey Jane what I was you
know night read out grab one through ten
one being were so tired are you what
your usual 7 to quiet awake right now
what's a wide awake I think Larry got me
sick well that dojo your Gatorade you
know people think that when there are
some over well I will go in my head felt
stuffy so I was like Gatorade cool
alright thanks from you when I'm you
know he went up I was emo night how do
you feel me tired skills you can scale
one through ten I just got one attend my
toes hurt really bad I don't know and
haven't found a leg not yet
I'm not tired but my voice is so even
listen today oh
now and my jobs on the line oh no we
gotta got to make a t-shirt Brian
t-shirt yeah a guy on the Internet his
name is Austin and it was Austin Austin
staying on okay he says you guys should
make a shirt code you know what today is
know what today and I text yeah but your
here's the designer right so Phil said
and to try a sell the shirt and if we
don't sell a hundred then I'm at as a
job and it just so happens that today is
Good Samaritan did and we want everybody
to be Good Samaritan and thank you
you're tired is so bad your job is on
the way and whether I can make a future
that tells 100 Good Samaritan day is
when the log is going up or today
yeah Good Samaritan days is next Monday
when the blog goes up Oh cuz I was like
what if like Briana said we actually
celebrated International Women's Day
oh well that's today though it's like
for the month Joe
oh it's Women's Day for the month so
then maybe women with it Lubin claim it
maybe women can be the good samaritan
today and wait other lovely before
there's a day ball also women shopping a
wine and it's today but not today
because the vlog doesn't go up today
yeah so next monday yeah today to let me
today right it's good smear it all goes
up today not next Monday yeah we can
have time let's assume I will pounce on
I'll be coming by some shit what are you
doing key set now doing a little brownie
show action cool have you been a good
Samaritan today
another hospital that I most closely
grew up next to you with called Good
Samaritan Hospital oh yeah good Sam what
the hell's that have to do with you
being a good Samaritan debate you know
what the story of the Good Samaritan
really is I'm pretty sure that if
Samaritan was actually considered to be
a bad person or like in the Bible like a
farad and wasn't I only looked upon
that's why it's called the Good
Samaritan because you wouldn't expect
this phone to be good okay I just want
to know if you've been a good Samaritan
today Phil you know why cuz I've been
locked in this room
cube I know I live in cubes eyes on
that's the main reason I want to get to
a different place so that every office
except the main shooting
them has a window so that I can see that
fun
alright we're still working on the
circle if you know when it's ready okay
okay good samaritan ed you know today is
like though your exhaust might be what
do you got for me
how's that sir coming oh you were
serious about that you see no I didn't
think that I thought this is a whole big
joke they know it's real didn't nothing
for you it's already what time is assert
I so you're gonna get fired
it was nice really oh yeah do we have
like oh this mister we gonna sell via
voice check real port okay tomorrow you
can do it tomorrow right yes sometime
tomorrow we'll find some time we'll find
some time okay I'll save your job Joe
okay oh my gosh we only had tomorrow
because then filled out we'll get it
done we'll get it done okay my trusted
brother you're a Good Samaritan
I'm not national in this day with
national one moment that's today but not
to win the race today is National
Woman's Day
oh but the one that's goes love it shows
it up the actual day is not today it'll
be Monday Monday which is Good Samaritan
day but today week one is a shot is
actually Women's Day today which is
today someone pointed out to me at I'm a
butcher this Casal is no not fun he put
it out that if you go to the Philip
DeFranco Wikipedia page and you scroll
all the way there on to co-workers and
staff the Franco staff consists of six
members
Amanda Maroney Keith Batista James
already run bourse Brianna and Phil
himself now if you first noticed that's
only five people kill you're not
mentioned for some weird reason but now
I learn because he tell the future
so they knew there Brian I'm going to
make that shirt for you so they didn't
bother putting you in for the week
okay let me know the new plan this is
probably the most important part of it
you know this little post Eric's is also
your alreadying is the creator of the
world famous brand typical thing so it
sounded Wikipedia now it's official can
we see that shirt Brian yeah it's almost
done next day Phil they still
technically
Good Samaritan day yes it doesn't always
have to be a date
we can just do things in the real world
for no reason
it doesn't happen based around the
holiday no but today March 13th is Good
Samaritan day how about just whatever
day it is all the footage lives in the
bubble that happened that day okay yeah
okay we're just really good at editing
yet we're fast editing okay Brian were
you a Good Samaritan and make a
beautiful stripper at Samaritan to you
yeah I made you a chair Jones is still
bill sir
what's your job on all I knew okay okay
all right listen Jim you know what Phil
I'm kind of like in the round one what
do you think I think around one I mean
if you want to do a poster you could do
the left one but that's font makes me
want to punch them yeah I feel like
there should be like a secret message in
the circle yeah yeah first day of the
rest of your life how about you know
today is do what you can't pay so you
maybe case will promote it
don't definitely hit this one yeah okay
so you give us that shout out bro all
the money is going to go into the not
firing Joe makes it fun
alright so we got the shirt we don't
have one printed do me why wow what a
bitch you know I went out and present
myself which I say Phil you want to give
the serta plug or should we just kind of
not start over silly what are you
talking about got it so bitter is it
this is five up to 15 minutes of you
over selling and over thinking of
products if they they should show this
this video to like not how to market a
fish it's supposed to be like a kind of
cool idea to maybe push the board with I
totally didn't do the Gary Vaynerchuk
said Jab right hook I just I've been
throwing right hooks all day ah you know
we're not going to snow the shirt what
are you talking about uncork to be car
everybody be a good Samaritan today
right right Briana right be your best
self on good swimmer hello
so we have the results mm-hmm cuz you
are the winner oh you knew yeah well I
can I can read polls but that's all the
act we had to start to pull over
sure but if we didn't pick the hack
Vladimir Putin with a one so you had to
sit in the restaurant ah there it is
America your love
