yeah what the hell's that though big
iPhone yes this is the iPhone 8 I got it
early so dope it's so dope how's your
day going Phil I was going good I was I
was avoiding responsibility for a minute
but uh what up that without distracting
you
yeah you can't see I think so my hat
mind you I
oh wow I am relying on my shoulder for a
second
I got like there's like a twinge of fear
I got an announcement Phil what is the
announcement where swigs loves us so
much
we're being sponsored against me is that
the fantastic place we can make a
beautiful website super easy and after
up to upgrade it you have to patch it or
do anything ever is it the place that's
24 specific customer service and it's
super easy it is probably won lots of
awards is it the place Rico space comm
flash blogging and use coupon code of
lodging for 10% off your first purchase
who says she's learned so thank you we
also got you know Langford one day he'll
of folks well I so I didn't realize that
they were purple I know we're doing you
a hard time Ricky came in here the other
day and he was like yo are these boots
up for grabs
do you watch that yeah I mean he doesn't
want purple shoes they're nice boots
though but when Phil wears only looks
like he's trying to be the Joker Wow and
it makes me laugh I have to wear like
very specific kind of clothing otherwise
it looks like I'm trying to do something
unsuccessfully so I've been I think we
should give them to Ricky but it's not
that easy because I like torturing
people
I got famine on it and I was like Sam
what if we make it a competition Sam
doesn't even want to fish why oh that's
so mean what are we making a competition
and we you're like going to take some
photos of them in them and I'm gonna
make a website and say like who wore it
better I kind of want everyone to bow
anyways so these are the foods really in
love with them would you actually like
them away from about play along
about that bill Ricky loves being on
video I hated it I hinted that he would
be on camera today and he came in
looking good okay so I was like he loves
me on video so this is just gonna feed
into it and then in the end he might get
a pair of boots it would be amazing a
SAM just know things about already I
know how oh let Ricky know what hey
Ricky hello you're working on me um not
too much winding down the end of the day
no it's only three o'clock email yeah
email wow these are new shoes together
pretty comfortable yeah a little big but
I'm so glad that Phil gave them to me
wow that's cool that he would give you
shoes that are too big for you yeah
that's no comfy they're like the purple
they fit me perfectly how do I mean I'm
guessing I'm assuming good you know
see you later Ricky okay I actually got
a surprise for you okay all right you
got a problem you know uh should I bring
my champagne but yeah sir if you love my
new shoes I do I really like those those
are real nice there's one clean mean
about this is now my decision all right
yeah I mean I'm glad I'm on camera about
it that's cool
okay Ricky here's the deal we're not
that mean okay but I still very thing
Phil said I could give you the shoes
okay Joe's just talking okay well they
might be yours what is going on no good
why not me because Sam threw his hat in
the ring that he kind of wants them to
so y'all y'all going to try them on and
we're going to say who wore it best
and then the winner diskless use it so
you got to appeal to the audience and
they're going to be voting for you
sounds a whole suit on camera and they
send it love them and look what you'd
wear he's going to take pictures wear
the boots and a people know they're
gonna nobody knows who I am
you two ever happy news an indecent
impression I think in the past month
you've probably gotten more screen time
on this channel than Sam they don't even
know who I you water out of a wine glass
no no once I have to be on a Friday girl
how would you guys thought it was like
one footage there go yeah and like
they're kind of like a potato sack
racing first look all right you're Stan
now it's Ricky can come over here you're
going to play for the boot all right man
how much you want the boot oh man I like
him a lot
say I feel like I have very Joker s body
type that could go very well with these
boots also I just got my first pair of
boots I feel like it'd be nice if they
had a pair I don't know I just love
everybody here and I hope everyone's
having a good home for me all right
Ricky
the bullshit over cool I couldn't hear
myself over that over all that nonsense
why do I want this shoe let me tell you
what this shoe I've had my eye on for a
hot minute it's purple which which I
feel like I'm sorry Sam I love you I
think it goes with my complexion it goes
with my wardrobe a little better than
the board Sam here a camera on me this
is for a classy motherfucker this is for
a man about town for a young
professional such as myself
he can't even sample it he's got an
athletic thing you're saying I got a
boot and leave it to imagination baby
girl I think it's going so far who do
you think it's going to be to I mean Sam
still lovable but Ricky's very stylish
you're going to blow me a fucking water
guys I mean it's not even like it's not
about that without a bunch of guys who
wins the boots is it going to affect the
friendship yalda huh I'm raving over Sam
no I need you to hug her husband maybe
maybe
okay we'll let you know who who wins
hey still sub like so the websites
created oh you got you guys finished
yeah do one to the honors to check it
out what is where the lighter purple
boot lovers calm Phil sounds like a
dating website Ricky did you take new
section yeah yeah you like them do you
want some Scylla week we can get some
phones women were throwing a little bit
oh wow the sexual little Phil what do
you think you think's going to take care
of that I would have hated you offense
and Ricky is one of the most beautiful
men okay I know that might be a little
weird to say but come on look at the man
nobody's at Liam's in all of it he still
kind of want them but he'd also like I
know Ricky one I do it's like a lot of
based off of what I saw he just he was
uh he was like on board with a joke and
something about 20 seconds then use like
maybe I do want these I leave it up to
you want to cast your vote we're going
to show who you voted for
I think it's pretty out of three obvious
cast your vote silly attitude oh look at
that pile all right if you've already
started voting all right so no voted for
Sam you you can us words though this
isn't even a competition it's more like
is the audience going to troll Ricky or
not that's really the question that's
really the question you can still keep
the shoes if you want to keep the
alleged Oliver's I do not wanna shit
what does that mean Phil what do you
mean it was so uh what does that mean so
if you keep saying so what does that
mean so what are you saying that maybe
help me out McGrady we're done you know
what Squarespace is hell yeah what is
the other thing again
