how many coffee today I need it no
coffee today feeling right you know I
mean I've been having that that's always
hard if you guys have a hot cocoa
when this wonders wonders hot chocolate
not cover sound great a hot day I
session Christmas is bad no it was good
were you listening to the water coming
out of my mouth I'm never listening Phil
it is like giving contact oh yeah
Billy know today is super great ad good
things to the world holiday yeah
what day I want you to guess here it is
a microwave pizza I miss national pizza
day a couple weeks ago and everybody got
mad at me Phil so you're like let's
celebrate it in a horrible fashion
national frozen food day so no that
shouldn't be a holiday
it shouldn't you have any favorite
frozen food so no no I need riveting
content so you chose frozen food day
I've excited about it now because I
think it will be such a shit show but
that's then well I miss Pete today so I
was trying to make up for it this is
this is somehow gonna be worse than
cheese day
which you turned into stinky cheese day
with nikichi ah no no all right yeah
maybe we'll have a person pizza party to
fill I feel bad because you're sick and
you picked a horrible holiday where does
he keep dying I'm alone today I have
this guy
it's your favorite of frozen food my
favorite frozen food yeah a lot of
frozen food because it lasts longer I
got it Uncrustables when Kronk restful
is hands down the best frozen food
what's the fucking face is that Amanda
know who doesn't like Uncrustables well
I scratch a the most ladies like it just
bread and jelly you could buy that a lot
cheaper than like having to go in and
you like eat it up in its soggy or you
know made a mistake already made a
mistake don't heat it up put that shit
in your pocket oh yeah jelly sandwich in
your pocket are you back
it built it I did this yesterday
let's see got a bungees is quite - that
guys hold on a pocket sandwich I'm not
going out into public with it
Uncrustables I didn't want to put it on
the counter and wait like 30 minutes
where you put it in your pocket
yes and walk around thank you just like
yes in rapping I don't know what about
wrong you get that tie heat right
exactly yeah
why is it necessary but you say it
that's I you want any people fill one
delivered to you personally okay I'll
take it just for you I've missed it
Museum did it's a pizza party miss no
that's not pizza look at the box
we're gonna stay on the bus because
pizza for one it's for big parties you
ruined my day
so fresh pizza for national frozen food
day what wait what brand is this this
looks terrible I'm Carrie couldäôt
this is any good just shitty frozen
pizza Joe did you buy this you smell
those Concha we for microwave teeth what
do you think I got a toaster oven I'll
take too long Kenny put in the toaster
oven why going around what does it
starts with fired okay well guys like
some fresh frozen pizza fresh out of the
microwave you know that's bad it's good
pizza it's pretty good tastes like a
living in a lonely studio apartment what
kind is it look I have no idea okay good
night pieces for the pizza party
microwave pizzas
Wow Mikey's a pizza party French bread
cafeteria pizza mmm not a great
application this is some vegan bullish
anus it tastes like some rite aid ship
not even CBS it's like Rite Aid Danny
Oh No what's the innocents like so what
Oh less sausage looks like rabbit poop
so what do you think that I won't eat
that an onion what's the green shit
peppers
I mean beverage today DiGiorno it's
fucked are you stupid
oh really quails are really like crusty
BK is completely okay but why would you
fucking name a company asset after the
thing California does the work because
once are different pizza yeah pick the
the California Pizza one I have barbecue
chicken you didn't I the way I just
really like you decide to do a frozen
piece a day even though we don't have an
oven
you don't microwave don't filled
yes should be looks like a tiny area rug
that's pretty good okay over the pizza
party still is a barbecue mm-hmm
ooh I do Jordan was the best pizza ever
eat to show this tape like burn chemical
a guy that has the fuckin nickname trash
donor things that pizzas bad
thanks CPK are people happy you're
giving them free food Jill or they just
mad that it's not actually I think they
were disappointed I feel like even a dog
when it sniff that first one into Mike
we mentioned in this video that we fired
Keith he you fired
that's why is that beer try to break it
in slowly subject but why I was like
really really just that much of it it
was like what did you bet you that
hahaha
you're ruining the pizza party Phil
knows Rosie I need to party believe it
is the right happening here first look
at that shot Google is the transition
entire three game glasses out there so I
know what you did to me all that proves
is your own border yes so I tried and
like they're almost wanted almost done
well successful successful raid a great
national frozen food day and I saved the
last pizza for you
Oh Thank You Lea package you can put in
your pocket to warm it up that I care
pizzas are your sandwich okay put it
come on here pocket my pockets are
nation target look-see you can sit on it
too you know it's those the Hakka people
my braid wet pocket pizza that's ideas
all you like that idea when I piss with
it we talk about all it is the opposite
of a pizza pocket totally different how
is it opposite you think it's just a
pizza pockets inside out pizza pockets
though I've never had one as a pocket
made on a lot of Pizza whereas
that is pizza upon or is it a pocket
made specifically for Pete well I'm
going to go along with this idea but
only if our commercial can be
replication of the pockets and from
students dad yeah you just throw pieces
people take one so you better put that
drink down I'm about to McCrea this shit
pocket people yeah it works
call now get three for community
payments of $100 I throw that real
aggressive billy danger hi Billy Mays
your pristine buddy would you party
party oh yeah nice right anytime we're
really weird way big the plane landed
what it has yeah all right Sonny Bono's
on a fucking airplane
hey that's totally usable Sonny Bono and
Liam Neeson's wife are the reason I feel
like people actually wear helmets now
and I see Lebanon based off of no fact
whatsoever maybe you're going to start a
trend where people carry around people
in the public nope so that's just
another lesson kid only time can tell
what please not in about box of hot
coffee
ah fuck fuck each other's good melted
chocolate are we still doing Suzy Apple
business
