you have a hard time Marylyn throat it
hurts but your one begins dick
everyone's fucking sick for you sir
cool he's up fuck out what's going on
and I fell what we doing we are going to
the movie white people are bad what's
the movie called get out it's called get
out right right okay yeah it looks
amazing I saw an article that it has
like a hundred on Rotten Tomatoes right
now also by the way not a sponsorship
they set the whole thing I'm gonna get
like a hundred fifty people then we're
doing a whole thing with the staff
coming as well it's gonna be fun movie
night but are we all about to go you're
all going in separate cars to my house
to get in my big carbs in just Park
water or you if you want to ride with
James or someone they don't go straight
there James can roll with you yeah I
guess Oh perfect how were you waiting
for me okay good
why is it smell like a toilet over here
was here this is why we don't do things
a person I don't know he's a pretty tall
man anything to take a photo with us so
we got him in the back and I just
thought it'd be funny if he just stayed
in for the rest of the take
I feel bad because I and there was one
time I left I shouldn't help she was
like really flustered before I smelt
that I could hey Billy Dee we came 40
minutes late and we were afraid we were
stuck in traffic
okay man your hours here is that you
would have hours traffic to get here
fingers you guys excited for tonight
tell us where the movie more I'm sure
until August refill well you see I'm
excited to meet all the hosts and watch
a movie movie with the magic not
he will ya feelin me feelin real good
you know I watched plenty of scary
movies and said have you ever been to a
movie before
no what so how does it work I know I
could cut my show and it has to know
official did you sneak those back into
the leaders no oh my god I have to go in
for management right now the drunk boy
right no no no no I'm just a friendly
boy I like that always happens whenever
I can to lose don't you flat for him
acting alien see Joseph also very weird
name pillow
hurry up hey I saw the birds thank
NBCUniversal for putting all of this
together to put your hands together back
I also want to thank all of you for
coming out to go see a free movie I know
that was really hard on you guys
Amanda's easy we're going to need
something with all the merch after yes
so we're gonna brush up on top of the
priest movie thanks coming out I love it
faces and let's enjoy the hell out of
the movie we are drawn and Peele I'm
gonna like give away things late for
that
over there Phil DeFranco we're gonna
throw some people all right a little bit
of road stuff
okay one of people from Daniel does he
look like me well as well oh yeah I love
it I know that means I've had enough
money it was really good I have to say
the first third of the movie as a nubian
man myself I don't know if you can tell
it was kind of every experience I've
ever had dating a white girl though it
was very relatable I'm not a kilt at
least defer you know I said the first
bird okay third a new friend I wanted to
kill a couple motherfuckers we're good
well we're good so good I enjoyed it
like I expected it to be good but I feel
like a little bad and I don't think I
should just about beating Lee no not a
little bad
and I'm going to try to change I don't
know how but I'm going to figure it out
god I got to stop as a woman in an
interracial relationship my boyfriend
actually did not tell his parents I was
black oh yeah it was hysterical it was
great I like walking through the house
after like he's like there's my
girlfriend Brianna and I walked in his
mom fuck walking distance he's like oh
they're very sweet they are not racist
what do you think I like thought it was
a perfect it was a really really really
good really really good really I can't
really kind of right now I thought a lot
of things on a manga but they would
happen but I still found this really
so satisfied to see the fucking CSA show
up every fiber for tagging many times it
was amazing that was like an M night
Shyamalan little plot swissbear in the
end I really enjoyed it
she sums up Jordan Peele good job no it
was so good like Ryan and I I don't know
if you saw some already
we definitely call me we definitely call
I didn't see the like thing coming in I
knew he was everything but we call what
we were like talk how's this going to
work and then we didn't see coming I was
like oh oh no oh it was so good it was
so nice Evan okay what are you doing do
anything right now okay put the put my
feet on top
tell me wrong we'll go sale on top world
succulents
