come hey hey hey yes so exhausted it's
past 9:00 a.m. how you do it felt so
good uh-huh no announcement
yeah Squarespace loved us so much we're
sponsored again today you made the thing
where you go to squarespace.com slash
waka t and it's so easy and intuitive
and 24/7 customer service and you'll
have to patch or upgrade to do anything
ever sign up for your free trial if you
like it like sons with people from a
nation already have use coupon code blog
to get 10% off the Oscars is Sunday and
I want to do a little poll I want to see
who on our team guesses the most
correctly we're like who wins the awards
however guess is the worst it's gonna
get a pie in the face Monday morning
fresh Monday morning listen did you do
that everyone's Auto rooting against me
never thought I'd like to be an idiot be
an idiot I'm down and we're going to
build a Squarespace page where our team
can all vote but also the audience can
tell us sunbathing should have one
should have one me off nobody has that
look we should put it on auction for
like 5 grand 10 grand yeah business up
why you already put in the fucking
ceiling there could have been four more
now they know themselves fucking penny
I'm here and these are my after
predictions oh yeah that's what you told
me to say see I know what I'm gonna
think but I gotta think I gotta put my
mind in the mind of a bunch of hooey 20
people have won many Oscar pools
many articles it's the worst person on
the planet that is on the screen in
front of me with this I haven't seen any
of the movies aside from my sink arrival
and fingers hitting fingers that's the
part that's the point I definitely don't
want to find the face I know they do
they're rooting against me they actively
main channel love Phil second channel
fuck Ville that's director right so this
is what I think will win right Lalo
Leo's gonna get Lola Lance gonna sweep
raisins hard fuck I want to know what
everyone else did
Halloween I'm you know and I was
surprised by how much I liked arrival
moonlight haven't seen it
moonlight I feel like there's always one
movie every year where everyone's like I
really it looks so good
and I'm just never gonna wash it out of
these I thought moonlight was my best
actor in a leading role the thing is I
just saw a hacksaw rich the other day
with my dad and Andrew Garfield is
fantastic in I don't know if anyone saw
Manchester by the seas but that was one
of the most pressing movies and Casey
Affleck is just sad he's he acts like
just it was like be sad I think Denzel
is going to swoop it from Casey Affleck
Manchester s you didn't see Excel
residency low in didn't see you know
Vigo is very underrated in this but you
know I think Denzel is going to take it
Andrew Garfield was great Casey Affleck
does not deserve it you have two vans I
didn't see it vents didn't see it so I'm
just going to go for
I think Ryan Gosling the stud so I'm
going to spill to running yes Ryan
Gosling I think he's beautiful and very
talented but he doesn't deserve I think
he would say if he wins he'll be like I
didn't really know oh my god no Ryan
Gosling Lowell and it's sweeping I'm
telling you they don't care I'll go with
Denzel Washington just because I want
another drunk just Denzel Washington
speech I think it's gonna go too
that's gonna go to Denzel that's actress
in a leading role look at all these
movies I have not watched not this Emma
Stone not her definitely not shit I want
to know what everyone else put okay no
my own person I feel like they're gonna
give it to Meryl Streep not but not only
because she's fantastic but literally as
I could give her a chance to give a
middle finger in this room I feel like
they have to I had seen the other ones I
want hold from the stone but I the only
person I've seen any movies that didn't
see any of these so go by who I think is
out it's Meryl Streep always seems to
win and she's actually somewhat of a
personal friend of my father Natalie
Portman she said I can't personally it's
all trying to sound morally I just she
doesn't deserve it
oh my god Marilyn I'm gonna go Meryl
Streep and she's going to give a
bomb-ass speech hopefully a lot better
or denied than her last one Best
Original Screenplay hell or high water
was amazing and of course set in Texas
and we loved it
I want 20th century women to win didn't
get the love it deserved you're the
thing okay I see the lobster on this
list I know that the lobster was on a
lot of people's like like that like oh
but movies of the year hated that movie
not enough people have seen a lobster
I've seen it four times go through your
lobster not gonna win actually it's a
really interesting screenplay I didn't
see any of these either so I'm kind of
hungry right now and I would love a
lobster so I'm going to take the lobster
I hate any of those movies where it ends
and you're like that was the end
that was the journey I took you know how
you're just what your bro is you're like
this is the journey we took I'll never
give it to the lobsters turned out to
get a pie in the face
bah I'm gonna bow to hell or high water
I don't think they're gonna give
la-la-land
original screenplay because it has no
real conflict ah
ah Lobster Best Actor in supporting
roles I don't even know half these
people are okay I'm gonna do good
they're trying to not whitewash the
Oscars they're like on another level of
not whitewashing the Oscars this year
they're gonna give it to desktop because
he deserved it maybe not Oh Michael
Shannon's dope though I think Michael
Shannon might take it for a nocturnal
animal Michael Shannon's been awesome
for years Michael Shannon Bothell second
grade he's really he's so good men we
nocturnal animals I had that same issue
of like that was the journey I took but
it was still amazing I don't know how to
say it how do you see how do you I don't
know how to process guys name look in
the moonlight dudes name I'm so bad at
saying his fucking name I love cafes
named Maher shala Ali Herschel Ali
Maher shala I love him from like
Maharajah it's gonna go to Ali but I'm
gonna say Michael Shannon
he's my underdogs come and go with mr.
Ali I'm gonna go in Halle I like Jeff
Bridges
sorry it's cool Best Actress in a
supporting role spot hidden figures so
I'm going to vote for Octavia Spencer no
I think you didn't figures hat Viola
Davis Oh Viola Davis you snot it all
over yourself for this one my audience
gives not for the people I mean there
was not at some point it like hung to
her lip it was disgusting that's
dedication I love that I should not go
to Michelle Williams she was great in
Manchester by the sea but you were in
three clips you're like get out of house
you hugged Casey Affleck and then you
made Casey Affleck cry in the street no
shit you know the cool kid Minh was
still a lot of like okay mom is really
good in line too and everyone thinks
that it's just right heads I don't like
Nicole Kidman is good just so much town
name yeah happy Octavia Spencer Viola
Davis
shit which one sounds cool Octavia that
sounds cool they don't think they're
giving it to Octavia Spencer Oh Calvin
for Octavia validated practically Best
Animated Feature with Moana Pixar Disney
just Disney not Pixar Zootopia is
beautiful you got lots of like we're all
different we shouldn't think of like the
past when we're dealing with people in
the now Okubo was so good though ah in
the return but Tokyo probably looking
ticket which was good but it was very
commercial Ilana was a weird one because
Moana I like I wasn't on board at first
and I'm like one of my favorites I think
utopia's can win but mallanna
it's my absolute entire boat ala Moana
it made me cry numerous done I'm going
to go with who go into string ah
okay I'll be Kubo I voted to Morana mama
Hana Laurent whatever it is I go with
utopian cinema wanna just to be
different some Jo and then best editing
Sol arrival at insigne and see anything
else okay um shit you guys help me out
here hex already fallen ah ah it's going
to go to lovely I haven't seen any of
these gonna be crap shoot want to go
with lala land it shouldn't go to
arrivals I just a bunch of jump cuts
through time sorry spoiler alert editing
an arrival is very important that I
would think because it's a huge asset to
how the story is told in the big reveal
so I think that's very important I'm
going to go with moonlight the only
reason is because none of the actors
that played the same person ever met
each other when it looks cohesive all
the way through now I'm gonna go to
Island I'm going to look for arrival
do I get a kiss first now do I get a
countdown
wow I think just to make sure that I
like be fully embraces it have like a
hand on the back of its magistrate
before there you go buddy oh yeah I go
in swimming that's great oh you're his
blueberry goobers just want a free meal
again I will happen congratulations on
your cheesecake for breakfast they never
agree to do it we were saying ever bye
now
no party no whammies no whammies no
whammies I'm gonna run uh I abandoned my
game plan as soon as we started weight
connected I really could make
suggestions as to what the pie should be
go ahead what do you want shit make it
up make it a blueberry pie and I'm down
for whatever you want stain the
