I was prepared to not be into this but I
am fucking and having more of it they've
been there for a while but we don't know
exactly what it is are you so weird
about it - laughing I know this isn't it
we don't know if it's like vegetable to
the mouth on it I'm gonna open up a
board to you by the way just a heads up
I just don't trust you right now
Congrats I'm heading five million subs
we're thrilled to work with you and
can't wait to see what you accomplish
next oh it's a team for group nine I was
like we work with a company called melt
where's the fucking to get this
sponsorship an hour to think we hit 5
million subscribers Oh asked whiskey
batch number 16 something something
about four nine to seven Oh what look
right okay I know that to be a party ok
so just save it oh I wanted to tell
those drugs as we all do we need drug
testing yes it's me good work with you
then open your mouth oh so close
oh wow awkward well delicate meat with
sweetness a sprinkle I'll spawn fire
smoked sea salt and it could be uncured
bacon and milk chocolate liquor built-in
Lynette
dude it's the dumbest rapping of a power
just $3.00 candle okay with you rock but
that this is a peppermint chocolate
sauce you can zip it you can drizzle it
junk it or drench it me struggle smell
that oh yeah what I smell
whoa modeling is a peppermint fudge
cookie candy cane chocolate chunks I'm
trying to give you the bTW so just put
in your mouth to do that close
because I wasn't prepared for mint
there's a ring on my door and I have a
ring I like pulled up on my phone and it
was the Girl Scout and I didn't want
it's hard to say no because it's just
like hey look at this small child you
want to like shatter her for a second no
like I'm sorry I can't get to the door
of mine actually at the house
this is this is the camera that allows
me to talk to you I'm not the house and
then I had to go to source 20 minutes
later and they were still doing the blog
and they saw me notably and then Lindsey
got so angry at me she's like why would
you Siri why would you say no no because
I don't want to fuck in orders I'm gonna
get six boxes
Samoas mmm no yes but every time I say
this I'm always the best everyone gets
like angry because they're like no did
you see what is the best no good way but
everyone I like segment you put in the
freezer so they're extra cold mm-hmm
that's some good shit catch a whiff of
it take a swig
dad I'm gonna share this that's what
everyone expects sure wait hold on you
do the jerk doesn't work I'll swallow
one after okay it doesn't sit well with
the other chocolate wow it really does
sit one with the chocolate chocolate
thanks Group 9 you know why it's what
kind of socks is the fact that now that
gets more views in one Facebook video
than we do on YouTube in a month oh I
was like oh look at now this video 45
million the dodo 20 million I'm like who
how gosh
even though we're talking about we're
going to create a new channel called now
that it's like our thank you to group 9
for all this chocolate so I think you
got to go to edit staff over there first
editors first always you look at
man-of-the-people
then other back-end crew and then see if
there any hopes post real news and
reason we're pleased now and what's
lesson know and you can let people know
they can like tear it off because it
does kind of look like some sugar by the
top one or you may be an evil person on
we don't eat cookies here peppermint
cookie now they're good they're fresh
yeah we're not driving home now that I'm
straight I'm straight they're good we
detest I'll trust you anymore
Adam here but could you have the camera
there yeah you can still ask me here but
today I have to give the normal stuff so
it'll be like fucking getting things and
we just kind of been a bunch of other
Kubrick not so delicious it was worth um
how about that they're all stuck
together all right let's try it
go for it what the rock on earth wrong
time in a year you're gone you guys
looks a little bit of a cookie
she's weird about them yeah they're kind
of stuck together because they didn't
remove us outside chocolate pocket 1000
this is like a milk chocolate yeah it is
okay great thank you
yeah so guys I don't know if you like
some cookies and they're cool how is it
cool hope you're not driving we got
these in the mail
so I'm tasting poison chocolate cookies
so they still doesn't die nice right
yeah
hang on what do you think you like shit
yeah fucking mint chocolate cookie yeah
awesome yeah
didn't mean to rain on your warrior I
was prepared to not be into this but I
am fucking and having more of it what is
this oh boy love it I'm sorry and then
they're getting bitter they're gonna get
my foot landed up in here can I can I
live in it separate
oh man mmm welcome Joe it was the most
licious thing you put in my mouth really
yeah a little offended Oh toys my new
computer it's still not here then with
the bank's discovery the most important
editor gets left room s okay I'll just
start deleting things then don't pay
attention where'd you get pre-owned ah I
got coffee here you got a box there you
real quick look at the magic happening
here really probably wanted to be here
Ricky where's that ripple that I do say
man I told the register like and Ricky
will be my pronounce writing a lot what
what what shut up today I knew you'd
want to be here Rick Lee I do it oh man
so you you have the dial right we got
the dial like three months ago
oh yeah go and then a manic call there
like resetting you the dials two months
ago but the computer is not coming till
Cheers we were like I'm just really
hoping to holy fuck how much of that I
mean my purpose what the hell would I do
with that and just be like a lose pretty
yeah they are trying let me know yeah
what about like yeah
oh my god there it is it's dialing its
magic where he thinks to fucking love it
and I don't want it at all but it's
really great Oh fucking dreams Ryan with
more on facial recognition to unlock it
so all I can do is get in front of the
monitor click and I'm betting all right
so then let's not someone else try to
get it
I'm Brian Morris try me we will run
right hard you got a man come on
somebody smart all right so let's get a
picture of Brian and print it out good
for the back come on we gotta figure
this out what if I just do that make
sure it's the back up a little bit you
can record oh shit a very you check what
man couldn't recognize you
it's me you son of a bitch you look like
it's a like a n64 I'm Bryan Laura you
know what they're calling this or what
no I think it's a win that's going to
make it bad they're saying somebody
winds up to like 20 miles an hour it was
eating food and you asked him to do
something and he were getting snacks
man oh there one on this way Oh nope
smack huh huh no one on slo-mo Naren
nice to buy your own coffee oh yeah
that's right like on there we got a just
make sure we get the new call of duty in
because we got to go get some video
footage up and you get the ps4 version
of like yeah eventually I learned the
system's eventually Soviet point where
nobody will buy like DVD game so all the
speed download there are definitely
people that still like their little
copies I find that it bothers them it's
like remember series to have a massive
DVD collection that was like so cool to
have just like a V DS like and now it's
looked at when Philly like s DVDs I
don't watch my BB my ice cream oh yeah
my dad is like not a unique story used
to have a whole closet dedicated to be
Jack his own shit that he like recorded
all the HBO he was going to save this
for later I got paid $10 it was a big
deal for for organizing his VHS closet
by k2z dan did you save that to known
ahead yeah and that's how I started this
business at $10 I just make that that's
the story so hey Jen new media play
those if they know it would be their
undoing
