that's rude a gallon though so great
today is such a good day tell me about
your day I talked about news and I
locked myself in a room for six hours
and then answered some email to them I
went home I'm now speaking about future
of what's going to happen there soon to
be but not quite yet honey
did you notice the light oh oh these
likes making one fucking kill myself you
not only took like two years I don't
want to be in here that's dope that's
like that's better than government
turnaround times the stories were so
crap today I didn't realize that the
thing that infuriated me it wasn't very
much you just came in the fella DP this
is another murder people
I was chill I got announcements Vil you
have an announcement we have
announcements Vil I've been here a few
months but today is the very first day
we got a sponsor what a bad word no we
spell out know our audience unlike many
of the other audiences out there on
YouTube are not stupid and they know
that we only take on good products
outside give us money and money we can
make more good thing you can buy that
coffee you gotta make money spend money
yeah at the most idiotic man dollar
bills a DJ it's new you can put some our
sponsor is squarespace.com slash
vloggity make sure you use a different
URL so they know that you did it on the
blog ax t
super intuitive process easy click and
drag and do all this stuff without
having a patch or upgrade or do any of
that other garbage make a beautiful
website are we gonna do anything for it
we gotta make a website I feel like on
the PDS we only do the appoints and it's
like because the product I like is what
do oh okay
to keep and or James have a busy
afternoon or no no I'm getting a head at
night wait wait no I like it
James now chimes and the theme of
brotherly love you guys should make
websites about each other they used to
call this URL bashing so you make a URL
Batista sucks order Rea is for sorority
lames
all about mastering the other person and
then you've watching right now go to the
site and they say who did a better job
oh damn okay so it's like a challenge so
there's two websites we go to me yeah it
could be a big investment I feel like
James might have the advantage with all
the fake websites we've made so far have
been based off of something are you
launching so you know you down for like
an hour to make funky ladies like it
would be like what you do bitch what you
eat what you got but he really we're
going to make websites that make fun of
each other the viewers get to vote on
who does it which is great since you
having much better social presence
inside oh they'll make yourself the
underdog really I really get gum Twitter
pics Instagram pictures anything like
you should you should dig keep seems so
much more on board than Jay promise I
know you have a clip oh no it has to
have to be public so you can't use that
clip maybe there's a time researching
the clock's ticking so they don't finish
then you know there might be some
missing teaching all right yeah all
right well now we're after lunch okay
they have one hour yep their kids Ekans
after 30 seconds wait no I meant one
what's bad after lunch they have one
hour
good luck lunch is over is your meals
give you some ideas it gave me gave me
stomach creepiness coli gave me a lot of
rights too much right way too much
weight filled that shit you can take as
many bathroom breaks as you want but the
clock is going to keep on ticking what
so so if you got the runs or anything I
mean that's 20 minutes waiting for 20
min 4045 minutes we're talking about
yeah yeah it's a marathon it's not all
we're in I see what your shit on film
looks like I'll take two sides - she's
getting on sale like when you guys
logged in good son time for one hour one
hour I don't even have to use this as a
we gotta figure it out and then you got
it white three two one at charge no
Brian we think feel great do you think
nobody who'd why things go in
I don't I don't know that any either of
them will win I think those are both
going to fail miserably we're gonna find
what would you entitle it gave us the
pain yeah but now that supposed to be
James Tate wait wait watch watch watch
44 and 50 to the minutes seconds left
feeling confused by the amount of time
you just told me or try to tell me does
yours coming along you know I'm trying
to make it feel like you belong and I
love the font here was it
what sort of random what is completely
different from from you guys ever see
each other right I do enjoy how
different they are please go to be what
are you doing it I was writing code
you've got to do with Squarespace breath
we're making websites about each other
when you think about it oh yeah
the pretzels with Liam brothers I'm
Colin underhand okay I was in my road I
participated I'll maybe add some visuals
later right now it's horrible thanks
Peter
lame-o halfway already halfway a little
more in that way at 64 what does that
mean I'm more than halfway done but I'm
running out ten minutes left
also hustling please leave me alone
right now I'm trying to win this park
accommodation we're talking with my
daddy and having our faces you said in
the media so I don't have enough media
from medium is bitch up he's s very
narrow picture room you got pictures of
Keith's scenery dog and that's that's
case Instagram in a nutshell selfies
animal scenery plot
all right
two-minute warning Keith looks like this
done so I don't know why you really need
the warning James says two-minute we'll
see if you can get it done in time this
is going to be like one of those like
cook show they're going to dramatic
they'd be like and utensils down and
then all kinds of people I'm just
patching up some last-minute code see
yes that's all you need to look at the
keyboard CSS code is that is that a
thing Brian 13 seconds we're done
ah ah we did it okay
okay there's aa hands off that's
annoying a shit all right how do you
feel fine
oh I took what Phil said and then I
didn't do that what about you I think
it's very true to how I think of James
well let's go get Phil tomorrow all
right
are we wearing something different
different day I really hope that you
swipe into the suede I'm striving in
there's waste ice wait oh that's way
you're gonna swipe bring your hands from
this way ready go
what different day cuz I didn't stay
around while these guys were doing their
thing went home I was just playing
rocket League it was awesome are you
guys proud of the sites that you have
created for your something who should I
look at their site first okay we're
gonna keep it okay walk me through okay
we've got changes website here I've got
a collection of tweets here for him
uh-huh wait these are real James please
yes screenshot it I feel like James is
the type of guy who will tape a dildo to
his forehead and unicorn suckage
stripper collection of website work that
he's done just some cock so far this is
just some random pictures I found the
gene history textbook anyway what's the
rest - just get us into socks booties
puppies and video games this is my blog
George inks as long as I love it okay
cargo shorts how I love thee
okay okay and that's pretty much it I
love it it's my square spaceman okay so
I didn't do the assignment money what
you do instead I thought there was
enough negativity in the world I made a
website that 73 things I love about
Keith
all right God everything
his smile its snarky attitude the way he
looks at me how loudly he chooses
Cheerios in the morning his beautiful
photography have sent me to fully naked
women how he always has to pee right
before we go to lunch even though he had
plenty of time to do a proper the way he
walks the way he asked me about my
favorite color the way he still hasn't
learned the basics of After Effects I'm
still learning every day man hey can you
throw up throw up
look at that look at that look at that
boy keeps trying to make love with love
to you in that picture how loving he is
towards Jo all the fun times we have
together or if you have knows this
background is a superzoom can picture it
goes 273 so yeah that's how he finishes
first
and what sorry lady okay I think the
audience I stood aside I'm on a link in
the description to Twitter poll you have
24 hours to vote you get coming in after
24 hours go fuck yourself cheap sorry I
don't know why I got really aggressive
all right so so mate make arguments to
camera as far as why you should work I
sure I literally didn't do the project
that's trigger win he's playing the game
though he knows that the best way to get
people to vote for him on the Internet
is to be like I'm too cool oh look at
you you're like what he's not happy with
that
let me doing shit he's like I won't be
class president
that sounds lame won't even do it don't
vote for me with your recorder I am in a
corner I'll just say that I here I've
got multiple images and pages
chloral pages that I made all its images
easily text really easy to read text
except for maybe one or two pages but
you know I was worried about multiple
pages lectures yeah that's my that's my
the site is trash donut calm Wow
quantity over quality oh I got one page
but a lot of work went into it so my
site name is going to be I love daddy
Keith's calm I don't want to say
anything else just because I don't wanna
I don't wanna I want to screw up the
vote okay let's go from home I do a
magic solution rather you know okay I'll
do it they can figure out I'll do impose
figure out how to end it doing pose
this is Dick Cheney fuck Bob Dole what
rot for uh hop Jim Carrey what David
Spade David Beckham's pretty good walk
written Lee fuck Hank free disclaimer
this is what you play afterwards I don't
really mean it
I'm just being a jokester a trickster if
you will
