it's it what another one I wonder oh
this is a piss what secular public
section but tell me was there another
gold one can we come in third place
again I'm sorry
well we did all premise good he hates
all the shit on my desk you did it on
purpose
I don't even like that's why we don't
throw things so I'm sorry yes we don't
have nice things ever the good thing is
your silver went out Jason no I'm hey we
should pour the hot wax over it hasn't
been a day for the hall I don't go yeah
yeah you know what could be cool she
won't let us have any fun Joe's gonna
clean it on the great I go I moved your
coffee was the one thing that didn't get
wax on you fucking asshole Eleanor
Eleanor go last one her day we leave
this office I'm gonna get a pressure
washer no completely invert your
complaint what you say what a microwave
splitter make a microwave anyway oh I
think we should have people's on
Valentine's Day is tomorrow I think it's
a very like polarizing holiday and I
want to get in like I want to know what
everybody feels about it
now there's like some holidays or
everyone's like dad and then it's always
like this one that people are like fun
sometimes you know we really love it do
you need them I'm down Phil family cut
cut to the okay ready no bye
did you give even one shit about
Valentine's Day uh I gave a little bit
of a shit course I give a shit no I love
Valentine's Day it's my favorite fuck
Valentine's Day I give less than one
shit about Valentine's Day and it's
because I am old three years ago I gave
my number to a guy at my birthday party
our first date just ended up not trying
to ended up being on Valentine's Day and
now it's like my birthday and
Valentine's Day and our anniversary on
that same weekend before that I would
have never cared about Valentine's plan
it just gives us an excuse as parents to
be like hey you want to go out and pay
for dinner that's a little fancier than
usual cool let's do it currently flying
solo right now what's going the other
way probably care a little bit more but
no it's a big corporate money grab of
the holiday
I like Valentine's Day but it's more of
like a hopeful like of Valentine's Day
it's just me going like continue this
it's not an obligation it's an
opportunity if I had a girlfriend I
would right now I don't come I don't
have another question but that's for
people that are kind like in a
relationship I was awful I didn't said
that would your relationship be affected
if you didn't do anything for
Valentine's Day
yeah well and just like didn't address
it I feel like no she might be mad for a
second and then explain why I didn't do
anything and it should be fun probably I
would hope that it wouldn't be fucked if
I didn't have anything planned the
beautiful thing about being exhausted
parents to a child you either let all
the little things bubble to the surface
and you blow up or you just don't care
you're we healthy is a kid okay good I
don't think my relationship would be
affected but that said you know even
though I believe that I don't think I
will risk it my relationship wouldn't be
affected if we didn't sell late
Valentine's Day because I don't even
think we celebrate it we're just more
celebrating our anniversary
I feel like in my younger adult dating
days expectations are high or it's way
more of a braggy thing going
down the holes of your school or
something and if you don't then shit no
hanjo up for you today mmm I do think
that I used to put a lot more importance
on Valentine's Day last year we went to
an animal sanctuary we just hung out
with goats and cows all day awesome that
handy you were counting on behind the
bleachers after the sock hop
not happening Sokka what year is it
clears this do you have a worst
Valentine's experience I've got dumped
on Valentine's Day a couple of years ago
that was actually the last time I tried
to make a plan for Valentine's Day so
maybe that's why I don't do stuff but I
made a really delicious ramen that took
me three days to make the broth and very
delicious and it just didn't taste as
good as it would have if I had not been
getting dumped while eating it it tasted
salty Minnesota died my worst
Valentine's Day experience I broke up
with a guy items and seeing in December
and he was not taking it too well and he
showed up at my work at 6:00 in the
morning with pictures of my cats all
over my desk ransom note style weirdness
and a bunch of candy I didn't like and
then he showed up at my house later that
night and was like banging on the door
like I obvious for you take my love I
just drink wine and like kid back in
like elementary school I had a crush on
this girl and when I bring cards to
everyone but then almost going to the
Carters and she didn't even want it what
has been the best Valentine's Day for
you I don't know if I have a best
Valentine's Day Oh drugs back in
elementary school and you get those
little cards or like Pokemon senior
yugioh themes and get those candy and
then everyone goes into your bag and go
home and eat those shitty hard candies
but you're a kid and at the sugar high
but you do it I guess best Valentine's
Day is my first date with my boyfriend
was really cute he got me flowers and it
was the first time anybody had gotten me
flowers in my life and I was 28 last
year with Denise at gentle barn hugging
cows and chilling with goats I got to
hug a turkey and nothing has ever been
better than that what is your ideal
sex man we're just fucking all day I
think my ideal Valentine's Day would be
having a girl
my ideal Valentine's Day is my ideal
days everyone leave me alone like we
don't really leave the house maybe you
order a couple pizzas order pizza stay
inside
watch TV and really show each other that
we we really take the holiday by that by
the rains or by the pigtails really just
fucking get in there and embrace that
shit I don't want to be responsible for
something for a day that sounds like my
ideal Valentine's Day and Christmas and
birthday in a while I just realize I
might be looking forward to death that's
not a good thing love it all you got all
day and then maybe you go to a romantic
dinner we come home it's still
Valentine's Day part 2 the sequel travel
to every place where I had a great
experience with my girlfriend and just
kind of leads that into probably
proposing mmm I hope this is a
through-line through it not that I'm
gonna like propose anytime soon so don't
get it twisted we got some time just
kind of enjoy it a little bit give any
last thoughts on the holiday at all we
don't need a little happiness every now
and then don't overthink it don't put
too much stock in it just be like hey
you're somebody that I like let's kiss I
like the theme of just love your friends
and love everybody even though there's a
little part of me just a sad sinner just
like I'm trying to fight it Oh Danny me
and my girls always go out for
galentine's which leslie knope invented
on Parks and Rec it's just a time to
like stupidly eat candy and make each
other feel special and I don't think it
takes away from any other part of the
year it's just like a cute candy holiday
every Valentine's Day is the clusterfuck
of people trying to get to some fancy
restaurants you're wasting your tongue
and that's what this is the office don't
make a holiday that tells me the one day
I should love the one because you should
love the one to the entirety of the year
you don't show me you love me every day
Jim on camera
sometimes day yet I'm kind of feeling
myself right now hello you're like all
Queens and you're like don't get it
twisted bitch okay she's great she's the
best person ever met is that a bad thing
to say on Valentine's Day no it's
probably 60% of the population feeling
that enjoy your time alone
