baby's gonna be so good oh it's got a
pepperidge oddness it's definitely
coffee and that might be ice that you
hear there but there's definitely like
it's a nice balls alcoholized alcohol
coffee yeah literally recision Irish
coffee wrestling matches
hey whoa you got coffee call me no damn
for all you can be an experiment and be
mean to me with it you're waiting 50 Oh
God you're like a movie with and little
just starting like my paralyzed I beg
like I'm in charge of somewhat
differently there's a movie brand which
is like a dirty extra penis evening
which was we were told it fucking
idiotic but yeah like every bubble and
so what Ella Mae has come down own in it
and iron is in current in fatigue Belt
where - just like yeah different
person's point of view to the movie from
Lessing's of Arlen's evil fucking crazy
drastic turn these like satire different
persons one of you that's fun I know
some people here I go well what about
what you went after if you need that
look at the content not the trailer or
yeah not like the name of something not
literally to cover but look at the
content and that's obviously context
matters we have taken the journalist
thing from out gonna be like well that
day we actually see what it is and it
won't that's where I will say that the
left and the right they're guilty of all
Republicans are on the same fuckin level
all Democrats are on the same fucking
lawyers is like little spectrum and I
think it's just these crazy
motherfuckers let me out but the problem
is they slowly eat away at the middle
mm-hmm slowly heart until we get to this
fucking crazy
attitude like you're either with us or
you're against us only if it kills
enough
let's go in between you know that's a
lot of people that's a lot of people you
know what the hell are you doing to that
where are we going a man think about
imaginaries bill ran to the back of a
car everyone's quick to boycott
something that they don't they don't
either see you yes where they don't like
or they W million for code but it's so
dumb
just do it what do that except Delta
Airlines they stop oh my she honor if I
know these dress you all right I'm sorry
I was just saying that he he's all he's
against boycotting incentives we cutting
Delta and I said oh really
Adams elegant kicked up a plane one time
and your boycott of death Devon has the
worst experience with those also worse
what I will never fly Delta its Kevin is
on my place yeah the flight gets
handsome last time I flew with you on
Delta we were going to Vegas
I was like sweet nice little 50 minute
trip four-hour delay no way
he'll what the hell are we doing nobody
we are going John went to all dynamic
about absolutely no no we Wendy go
through there there's an escalator Oh
alright go never been crazy experience
like yeah how's that coffee Wednesday
it's pretty robust if you like that I'm
in the club you know I go to the men's
clothes look like this is where Drake
and Kanye go
hey want a paper party so I parked on
the street and waited until 6 o'clock so
I didn't validate my okay honey
Hey yeah so I just finished watching
yesterday's Brian Keith stay staying
over microphone on my cloud with all my
world references man what modern
umbrellas you have modern impression on
and I don't know it
what do you mean modern and provider
like not holding well I could do what
impressions are pretty topical because
he's been in the news a lot with the
Bill Cosby but that would probably be
love it in the appropriate because the
Rubies those asleep now I'm going to do
the thing with the jell-o pudding pop oh
I want you to turn around
is he fucking doing Cosby Bill Cosby
impression or maybe he'll say things
about Michael Jackson earlier I mean
what one hears you Michael Jackson hotel
what is the woman at the beach that
stays in my suggestion comment
oh yeah yeah they're gonna be really
great about the film in there yeah Oh
Leo's like last time huh girls Academy
laughing job oh damn okay don't you any
chance
so no in strip look no okay Robin all
right all right go turtle
no there's you know oh we don't like you
Joe
oh no oh my god village all your could
still take all your toys yeah there you
go
I'll be so mad bye-bye Joe we love you
love you I should get them nice and
Philip DeFranco can you see my so hard
stand all the way oh no I never better
knives I never think like all these
people that I know they're going to be
here making videos there when I sing oh
you smell like bacon I was like what you
need is matter sweat I don't know what
does like Union Nathan Chuck seemed like
you guys are we have a social people I'm
not pretending to be okay just for the
video doing it as soon as you turn the
camera off
nothing turns off thank you actually
there's company-wide
and get this man go
all right all right young wick - talking
okay the first sounds like one of my
favorite I love Scott oh I would help
her wings you are how you have a story
you're happy market is the pointy action
I feel like is that real life years
before the number 2 pencil reason am I
good with Briana and what I think you're
the only person in like this I did like
it
I was like yeah he's a great action guy
that's like I'm John with 40 like it
sound like you're breaking up no your
honor all was never going to do
Shakespeare in the Park
I like the actions what Keanu Reeves and
the great effect but he didn't Melo like
like the guys in pink
oh yeah I would do like give you know
take one knock yeah yeah no it's true I
think it I think it's kinda like the
fast and furious it is was it yeah
you're getting is about serious man
choice you're getting into the greatest
franchise that every nice and early
drink you choice
but can I ask for the comment in a rocks
glass can maybe give you put a bullet in
there but they gave it to me like that
way to America should one
