I've made her severe and continued lapse
in my judgment and I don't expect to be
forgiven I'm simply here to apologize my
reaction to the Harry Potter world were
obviously unplanned and the commentary
you heard on tape were self-serving they
were wrong and they were unfiltered I've
never watched Harry Potter so my
reaction came out of just ignorance and
a lack of appreciation toward Hogwarts I
shouldn't have opened my mouth I should
have just focused on filming Brianna and
Zach have a good time and not express
how expensive I thought at $40 stick was
there were a lot of things that I should
have done differently but I didn't and
from that from the bottom of my heart
and I'm truly sorry I want to apologize
to all the Harry Potter fans and the
fans who have seen the video I also want
to apologize to anyone who loves Harry
Potter butter beer and $40 ones made of
plastic but most importantly I I really
need to apologize to Zach Brianna Keith
and James for the fans who are defending
my commentary please don't the goal the
vlog is to entertain and be positive the
intent is to never be offensive
self-serving or or insensitive which I
was like I said I made a mistake and I
don't expect to be forgiven I'm just
here to apologize and I'm ashamed of
myself disappointed in myself and I
promise to be better I will be better
thank you
