and it's great because you'll have ample
storage room so then you could be at
your desk and you got all your stuff
here I got the brick siding look at it
it's perfect alright so I'm in a fantasy
football league with a bunch of other
youtubers and I was last year's team
champion
she didn't go the way I want to Phil won
this year's championships I'm coming
over today to get Phil his Super Bowl
winning trophy also another thing you
guys might not know when Phil filling
the pds nobody is allowed inside loudly
Logan gets super pissed but over doing
Amanda asked me not to go into rock
climbing gym why I don't know I'm gonna
wait you the champion muffin is this
your addition this is my addition so
another thing about our football trophy
is it every year the winner has to add
something to the trophy so the year
before I want to somebody attach this
glass sculpture because if it was a
dildo we'd have to blow that for YouTube
so this glass sculpture was put here I
added the Christmas lights just as a
really weird toothbrush it's yes enough
ha ha ha and now the trophy is yours I
forgot about this but I think that you
think that I'm not gonna enjoy this but
this is going somewhere though I know
you are and I figured I was like I
needed to bring it to you before Super
Bowl Sunday so that you could show it
off at home when you have another party
enjoy it now because next year oh I'm
still not gonna have it yeah now I'm
getting it back got it got a base up in
luck yeah I mean mine was like expert
choices really just like
primo my team should the bed I had so
many good players Doug Martin thanks a
lot I think that we need to enforce a
new rule where whoever is the worst has
to do something I feel like there has to
be a punishment I agree unless
like tattoo but something yeah look at
nipple pick a great nipple piercing
that's my nipple why would you do that
honey
what are we doing we're gonna go find a
new building new space you set in what
everything are you pumped I'm nervous
okay probably move it excited move
remove it I'll believe it when I write
now yeah right now
I felt so you excited excited to not be
going with you guys
what's your dream place a dream please
Costa Rica let's get her we're moving to
Costa Rica do the show no all you have
to worry about it the Zika virus and a
man who doesn't want kids so it's not a
problem
so you're just jump out we don't have to
pay when you dry them off does it affect
much Oh Kevin to drag the place we're
not good well yeah I don't like this
like why my bathrooms are weird like a
sister we really disasters like yeah
like what we brought a broker just no
stipulation because I'm like yeah that
guy knows what he's doing I'm like I'm a
wild card you want that come on who
needs a wild house my kids yes there we
go fine putting on it
flip back okay done good
with the schedule you guys have like
that you multiple maps I'm a designer
even if we use the space for an editor
like they have to be quiet if we didn't
watch down and once that was great you
probably hear it Alice and five seconds
have a very loud conversation
Kevin do one of your boys tell Dorothy
one of my voiceovers listen here at the
first office right they'll trying to
decide whether Alexis chicken wants to
shoot his PBS here okay that's figure
something without I'll never forget like
the first time when you were looking for
like the SourceFed office
they literally found a building that was
right in front of my apartment I was
like ah that'd be so perfect if you guys
got at the benefit would be for
initially we were going to have to split
the place 5050 would be time all right
yay so we were gonna have to split it
50/50 and then and then we were going to
most likely get the whole place after
three months and turned out the guy was
just using us as a way to renegotiate
his turn on a good page
like an actual kitchen in coffee ones
video is why it is crazy pocket
so I even have a room if you do
something bad obsessed oh we're going
into the box issue to think and Philip I
like it I'm just trying to imagine so it
doesn't have like a general bullpen area
fine any weird stuff would you find out
me mode cabinet was real cool I feel
like if I read what's on there I'm going
to conjure up some type of game
experience you'll be really comfortable
in here okay with a negative space saver
desk you know that it's great because
you'll have ample storage room so that
you can be at your depth and also you
got all your stuff here I got the brick
siding look at it perfect some random
video is left in your car rental car
wait it's like Russian music there's
nothing to Borat music yes mash song the
great success first person to full ride
impression in almost a decade
Vernon
also on the insurance many lucky interns
up I'm sorry I didn't know you wanted a
Frappuccino instead of a Mochaccino yeah
you mentioned name is Jacob a Canadian
liquor bills would Kevin go well I just
checking everything around here with
like a load-bearing beam something yeah
check out the specs on the in line
Oh Richard I'm so happy hold me this
next place is in the vivid building
there's a video so literally make the
video oh that's right if you want people
knowing it's for every remember Easter
I've often thought like it would be a
funny prank if if I started leaving
stuff on your car one of those collage
letters were people like cut out you
know the letters to like make sentences
we call that a collage letter it's
always a ransom note a ransom note oh we
have a knows my collage letter
0o but murder might the blood came all
this is long Midori yeah like I'm
printing in like a clean yet ok it's so
cute see each of it I mean this is
interesting I mean yet we would add a
wall but we have two sides I'm gonna
make sure everyone's screens are visible
if it like work
hi how you doing how'd you like that
video ok it's good it's not done cuz we
have to talk
uh-uh-uh 100 no so we include the vivid
building part because we went onto % not
going into that building
- we locked it down to two locations now
we just got to get budget approved and
finally we got to introduce the newest
member of the team why am I saying like
I'm fucking like she's a pro wrestler
what's your title going to come over
here Briana what's your question
I am Phil's assistant I think right
that's the title and she's actually
you've been here now we and I haven't
gotten angry yet which is oh yeah I'm
just like freaking out until that day
Zoe wait until what that you yell at me
oh no like my baseline like I don't
wanna yeah sure I've I yelled at you oh
no we have gotta yell and yell like
you're like oh my god the dirty looked
like oh you fucking ass man just just do
the video without me in it and upload it
to the channel named after me Joe oh
just do that I'm tired today we're going
to get to seven videos a week can't ask
around a three-question oh yeah people
are caring about her favorite color gray
jeans are George
mostly George don't even food Benny
snack snack service late
I'm straight I'm sure your snacks snacks
sir sorry Phil I want to so bad I'm
saying not now when two years making a
compound gonna gonna build out a
facility that's not no way that's go
we're gonna go on this
why do you want to go awesome so it
could be closer to roosterteeth faster
internet better food cooler people sick
Street you think you think Austin has
political oh well when I was going off
and I need cops we hear about
gluten-free so guess it's more like
barbecue okay I'm all missing my
mother's news man you've called me all
the collar guy well I do what I do baby
at least you got your out but you know
how fucking illegal it is to steal an
avocado in the state of California no
one no the last person I got busted for
for avocado theft you should go skills
Thank You assassin I know where one is
right there was another country do it
it'll be like bikes when they when they
crossed over in the North Korea except
California's granted avocado
