we need you again okay so hey Joe
how's your day going good we out for
that video good time cool Joe in hate
swimming
obviously some people hate me but not
the kind of people which is Joe got
special guest coming today okay you said
someone's coming here you know okay you
get I know we've said no strippers
especially daytime strippers this was
discussed in a video before morning
strippers yeah that sounds horrible and
inconvenient my favorite baseball player
you vent you want to hit someone to make
stuffed animals what oh no I'd be like
snakes
no you aren't there during that shoe Oh
your favorite person in the world
super married face when we had her on we
did the hot pepper like video that like
people liked but we also did a podcast
and in it I talked about how I hate
anything like that when I see it
something like that I'm like well let's
run or murder it if I saw a snake I'm
gonna count to straight murder you have
someone coming yeah let's get a ton of
animals you could do that with puppies
you can do that puppies or kittens you
can't be like by the way snakes in the
office I hang with these motherfuckin
snakes on this motherfucking office this
is just make feel uncomfortable channel
will may welcome but he's not here soon
I'm not gonna participate even if he's
here soon I might not participate
No No
no lizard
in the box you just leave us in a room
the box I can't wait I gotta snap it
these guys are actually are friends of
mine here in LA so I have a place in
Detroit outside Detroit Michigan that is
a kind of big threat to somebody yeah we
have uh it was about 15,000 snakes and
lizards but these guys are here local
from California so they've just driven
over some from Long Beach I don't even
know what to expect really well are you
are you ready all right yeah I'm good
you seem a little scared I'll be all
right I feel like I'm always like that
this thing is really cool oh this is
actually a veiled chameleon this thing
has a tongue like 18 inches long it's
like I slowly get it further away yeah
this is like an alien to me just got it
sighs something's like independently
this is cool animal hi buddy hi this is
great all right I'll Calliope why are
you all right I'm good the trees look
like oh wow his tail wrapped around my
pinky I need you like we're mating blue
you go you're shakin no I'm just nervous
in real Redl Wow oh my goodness Wow look
at him life is going more come to me
Calliope
he's got a good ear do reptiles feel
loved they certainly think more
primitive than us right you know sir
he's thinking I want food shelter and to
not get eaten by a predator that's
pretty much it magic lizard
it was like an alien
straight up down or meet again I was
like Joe and he's gonna oh I mean Hagen
oh oh my god he feels like a little
piggy boy I was like he feels like a
little sticky boy those eyes what kind
of lizard is that next to troll me Phil
Jaco is actually euro flabby friend
Briana look I don't expect you to
remember that part it means um these
kind of markings here is all camouflage
Emilio I mean basically these guys are
going to be on the bar for free right
yeah and they're gonna just I mean you
can see if you walked in a forest you
can you ever see that thing I guess
right I am a little friend for my cat
I'm at peace with nature I am at peace
with nature it was real weird do this I
got a lizard on me
so justly you can hold them but do me a
favor like hold them kind of a little
bit like this Christie will bite okay
all right so just if you get them like
this right in there you don't have to
hold tight just kind of he can continue
good you're a big boy it's going to get
10 12 foot long we're both doing the
same thing
he was lizard oh oh wow you spying for
the cobras the thing that's cool about
alligators is the fact that they have
really it's really easy to control their
jaws oh yeah draw power that way but
this way they don't have much at all you
ever see those alligator wrestlers that
oh I do they'll put their head in this
alligator Tom what is it you touch the
tongue it will clamp but if you don't
punch the tongue it'll never clamp
really now that's one bad thing about
alligators is that when they do bite if
they don't want to release just almost
impossible you laugh at such an amazing
job power but some like this typically
the vital be disciplined let go
typically you like we tried to put them
on Janna so he jumps right back on me
this is pretty cool
absolutely
you can even like this he does have a
pretty powerful drop or off Clause okay
I want to cuddle him so this is what
they would call a rock monitor over in
Africa this guy's probably five years
old he's going to hit about longer so he
get quite a bit bigger building road new
clubs and other loving snakes in the
wild this particular species is really
killed it's known as really really
blasted animals really going to be were
just like firm God showing out so happy
do you think that they would get along
with a cat I'm more concerned about the
cat hurting a reptile than this ever
hurt yeah that's lovely
yeah what does he use a heavy boy big
boy
Wow hi big boy like it is weird to
actually see this see them this close
they just don't seem real I know I do
Oh little buddy Oh
oh my goodness
the trooper head this is a heavy boy Wow
just boy heavy what if it wants to eat
my beard what if he makes me his we're
looking in his office oh oh that was
paraphrase my virgin now this is an
albino Burmese python about five years
old going to max out at close to 20 foot
so right now it's about 120 pounds in
these guys can exceed 200 250 pounds
there are big problems on the Everglades
but but thankfully they're really Placid
animals but they are an apex predator
and again this guy's super chill they
never have to worry about it biting and
a buddy or anything like that
too much you know when you have a 200
pound snake that's really energetic I
mean it's like better than any gym
membership you like long literally
starts here and goes all the way down
his body its stomach is about 3/4 of its
body it starts right up here where you
know sex organs are down into a face to
the tail I mean it's a really simple
simple simple and like we make some of
it is we're starting to get like wore
out a little bit so they're taking a
deeper breath don't snakes will hiss out
of anger you know or defense I should
say like a day away you know I'm hissing
at you but that's not what this one does
at all as it moves that locomotion takes
a lot of energy so it frees a little bit
heavier you're not sort of late to
depend a lot of my animals that really
enjoy the affection you know they seem
to really love to being being interacted
with and then some don't you know I mean
it's like anything right healers or dogs
or cats you know like people some don't
yeah and it snake like this could
actually in the wild it's probably going
to eat and not eat again for 3-4 months
I was 2 years old I was at a place
called the Belle Isle aquarium in
Detroit Michigan I didn't remember my
mom my brother's my sister I remember a
ball python ever do when I was 2 years
old now we just like oh my god
is such an amazing animal for some
reason reptiles have always been a thing
that I protect the most affinity towards
you know is cool because it's taken me
kind of all around the world it can be
cool people like you guys you know I'm
in the tree search what-a-light mana
sure we're not good job here Oh
always get wrapped around here you are
very close to the plot I've never been
farted on my ass name oh man I mean I
know you're saying he's right behind me
to do that when you go to do is cool but
it's usually like tired animals from
really far away this is awesome thank
you for coming here this is so cool yeah
I don't know I mean I wake up in the
morning and I live for this right you
know in 30 years I've been doing this
because I love it not because I you know
hey this is really this is organic I'm
excited I want to do I want to see more
also it's gotten very quiet room look at
go all right yeah I don't strike you
