what the is this the show is fried
chill ya body I went to Taco Bell
because you know today is what is today
well technically not today last week
yeah last week the Taco Bell naked
chicken chalupa came out oh yeah what is
that if a chalupa the shelves made up a
fried piece of chicken instead of bread
yo is this like low carb we're doing it
to low carb am I on a diet like the Taco
Bell version of the KFC Double Down
really quick play a clip which over at
finally below thank you someone was
listening it's got everything other they
did that is it all the time it's lovely
that's 100 Otto Belle it's so weird
actually seeing the food usually it's in
the back of an uber it's really dark
oh wow this is woah how good my number
one like complaint about most fashion
places as usually we went on a cruise
they gave me so much bread so you're
just like oh I'm filled up even though I
don't I don't really eat anything
business
what's nice would you leave it in the
back of maneuver at the back of an uber
while drunk yet any normal time look it
up people how much is it I'll snag one
of these next time I'm drunk in the back
of the uber and I'm like I don't want
bread dough the chickens bread it that
doesn't count please it's attached all
that protein mmm the spices on that one
didn't taste as good it was like they
were seasoning it and then it was just
like one clump that didn't break up
there just Boop that's right there
thanks bye enjoy it crying it's like an
early lunch so it's literally the only
protein is the shell I thought there
would be like more chicken inside
protein powder and so that's a lot with
employee I think that don't like
tomatoes which is basically chicken and
lettuce oh good for P frigging why he's
not bad at it on huge Taco Bell person
and tomatoes aren't my forte and weird
in there really close cephalo world
there's no any Jamaican you don't I
don't want
then kids flat round pieces chicken meat
okay I mean it's just a chicken sandwich
without a breakfast here's what I'm
gonna do we go to Taco Bell
I'm gonna order these comes out all the
stuff in the middle put some pasta sauce
on it say that I made some chicken
parmesan see it Wednesday actually likes
it I feel like that would be cheaper I'm
pretty much it's cutting out the
middleman I don't have to cook it I just
light back this is definitely my first
one
I don't normally he talked about but I
found something new I can eat I do like
to sauce - yeah now it's what do you
want to say about it cuz obviously you
keep interrupting me
oh yeah we want aggressive before you
but I want to grab yours you're getting
red bull moose piss we should take the
whole box we had left and make something
like a castle like a naked chalupa
castle cuz I guess you made something
with food it was horrible you guys have
to straight out I want Windows on a Mac
computer what was that did you guys do
this just all laughing anything yeah I
know when you guys my computer over
what's the prank you guys what the
it wasn't me Danny what the I'm
gonna break my goddamn computer because
they keep turning it on and off
have you heard of it yes from the
internet it's literally like of it
you've got a big chicken nugget and
wrapped it around but it wears to be
some lettuce hmm Oh mine is delicious
it's firmer than I thought it would be
really for this chicken it's Pernik it
holds together well it's kind of like a
small salad rats and chickens this is
heavy
I love Taco Bell I thought there was
going to be beef in it it's not bad
doesn't taste like a Taco Bell product
it's a lot of chicken like this is a ton
of chicken this is kind of heavy as well
this is heavy it's good yeah it doesn't
really talk about their meeting Burger
King I would prefer some more crisp the
tie reminds me of cafes a double down
which was terrible cause that you can
sandwich
not bad
tart I don't think I let her saw you
missed it we just did four in a row one
time talking ago oh my god ah what are
you feeding us today Joe the new naked
chicken chalupa you have to eat it naked
why is it called me now I'm going to
sound greedy but there's no meat on the
inside that's a little weird
yes Oh Jana's good okay Angus get
that protein in look like that protein
engine yeah awesome ground beef in the
middle you know like a I should
have
what's naked about like it shouldn't be
squishy right it's fried chicken it
should be Chris it's exactly what it's
supposed to be but double down was
forever ago finally goes on to be messy
it's a trooper
I made this exact thing in elementary
school I think I got sick I love it so
mr. Luthor is that a real Mexican Fang
what the is this the show is what
Wow I mean it's alright it's like
cafeteria food chicken which is like you
know how tubule by most people it's like
classic Taco Bell with the shredded
lettuce and tomato to change surprise
okay hey Joe yeah you didn't hear that
one felt metaphoric for you well we'll
make it hurt how about a pin post I'm
half Mexican so my mom and my parents
like my grandparents never allowed us to
go to Taco Bell because they because
it's not real expensive so my grandma
would probably kill me right now
not bad I don't think it's nice complete
but it's good I'm going to be honest I'm
glad they didn't double meet it misses
journey
no no first it was kind of soft and
mysterious and then the aftertaste came
in and became real delicious it picked
out looks like a spicy like McDonald's
chicken sandwich yes f you want a
chicken sandwich without the bread this
is your this is your ticket you one
second maybe cause we're about to give
it to the neighbors oh yeah I do that
let's do it like hey we're neighbors oh
you're shooting this video and then but
half of our office is out so we don't
know if you wanted like a bunch of tacos
also can we film you eat them it's gonna
be the second part that I think is the
hard sell because the first part like
free food I want to give you peace when
they do over there they buy and sell
sadness I think whatever they pass
they're just like you guys seem to have
like a lot of fun if they don't want to
just start throwing tacos against
absorbers
look at your neighbors we have a ton of
extra tacos we want to know if you guys
wanted them no no people don't eat taco
here yeah it's a weird world it was like
hey if you pump you've 20 tacos like
probably not
why you giving it not goes away they ask
they're like we guys do anything for
them like no of course that we did make
sure that I ask you did anything yeah I
wonder if I freaked them out because I
would like laughing it was weird of like
the other noise like this is funny to be
the proud like thing send some resumes
it I think that I was about to go dark
I'm gonna say that I feel like they're
kind of one of those places that's
always hiring people keep killing that's
not making the cut don't hurt to be you
know the bees die we're all screwed no I
hit it mommy I got it yeah go down to
work well it's not in here anymore
exploding children
