anyone want to hit me because now's your
chance what we do I fill yo bill is it
morning or night time in this lie of a
fucking video you're making right right
early in the morning is for you guys
thank you so much for coming in this
early I have to price refill what you
know today is for it's that your bubble
wrap appreciation day you need to ship
anything today so I ship you and key the
cute you don't even what the fuck I'm
saying saying a stupid tumblr thing why
aren't you a 12 year old girl that
understands the language coming out of
my mouth don't give a shit what does it
mean it means that people want to see
you guys together anyone out there
can you guys write some fanfiction and
put it in the defranco subreddit of Joe
and Keith and or really whoever else
maybe we maybe we can get them to read
it oh my gosh Amanda Amanda Jamal's an
animation wiki door looking out for
trouble why the trouble that's one of my
favorite videos was when we read septic
and Elena fanfiction Steve groans as the
warmth of rain upholstery yeah what days
I'll unwrap some of that I was like it
has to be so this is like pretty same
fetish are we going one at a time where
we point out I think we also just doing
a mega beat
I just guess comes in right now yeah
alright guys thanks good yeah what else
he going to do is they so that's a
stupid video you gotta do something else
with it
let's pop some bubbles I want to get the
done but it was a long tank is what
we're doing Joe actually come around
with new Pink's that you're trying to
try out remake well Roman oh no I want
to pretty much everything or setup it's
double appreciation day it really
bubbled up recently they have a holiday
for everything you're right I usually go
here we go great now I'm scared
you know is it black what a great
director Lee oh definitely don't trust
nothing I don't think I've often shared
it with someone else maybe you want to
know me
therapeutic yeah we're bonding yeah my
hand game didn't work out there then we
wanted on this that morning on the
second step you definitely said hey
fucker
we're havin roses you Beltrami again
can we appreciate that Brian's been
using this is a blanket all day because
there's neither cold custard
yeah once you get the pants with no
holders okay I got him
Oh cute it's like you look an old
reformer yeah I'm going to bring them
all drink three of them who wants to get
wrapped up that was easy
no tyldus no you know today is Bri wrap
your dick in foam what clothes you know
am I going to get wrapped in that and
then run into walls where do I start
no I don't need no man right now fucking
bubble bubble Brian I do need Peyton
knows you'll need no man sorry the smell
looki better just cover my boobies in my
vag and everything else is second
no way the top part
now I'm not scared to go down like a
half pipe or something on a skateboard
that's not a weapon not just a lip get
one bubble paper
you're no projection on use the pen I
know I know
okay we'll need to rapidly sabers I
could just put like a mental pat on
anyone want to hit me because now's your
chance
Ricky huh I want to get wrapped up right
here wrapped up there with perpetrate
violence I'm offering someone sing it to
me and the way not going to do anything
yeah oh I didn't mean the face by
singing instead of hitting my employee
read you're welcome to hit me now you
can hit me fatality
all right one two hug dozen members but
give me a very hard very hard
oh the warm inviting see you honestly
this just make me feel good
if you play the smack game it's not
gonna hurt thank you for getting a turn
you try to do the worm you've done our
women that's great I'm happy with that
just okay oh it looks like it's close
that you were going to one be on double
dare but series really wanted to get
married you're crazy
well I like what I see I'll make a video
about this okay I'm making a video I'm
not like you interrupting my private
time
okay so man you can't you can either hit
me or hug me how can I hit you I don't
think it's gonna actually pop science
you're right hmm I feel just so you know
I feel so creepy right now you should
mainly the eye contact while I do it
Foxy's now wait creepy your face I mean
I'm meeting that is that's a compliment
okay you gotta go come back filming a
video though okay are you watching this
at all yeah
did anyone mop your big ones on top of
Big Mike's 800ml three get to do it all
right up to you Amanda
okay not someone it's like someone you
care about and they're like Amanda we
can eat found out this is actually
appropriate for work nevermind stop
dejected
oh I'm sorry it's sexist that I would
say a weird sex thing to Amanda but I'll
say it to James
