how long I came along you know I'm the
most common look I am wrong that's only
tradition
I know if this is yeah look it's
actually thanks to keys get it get it
gonna be excited huh whoa paper
well I'll just write oh gosh it's cold
you and it all right up and repeal it
yes honey but honestly is getting harder
and harder to get sponsors on my show
the more political I get so we'll put
this up on eBay for the very low price
of $5,000 it will find it and will sighs
oh yeah that's why it's worth a lot yeah
yeah bro you're a man ah yeah you'd love
me saying it today well cuz what are we
gonna do about there just kind of no no
that one I'm going to put max right here
what is this okay put in the bathroom
let's take another bathroom
yeah I'll hang right over the urinal
really weird is any foreign in it yeah
let's go
Jane come you know if you're okay with
losing that poster we should put the
Philip DeFranco one over that we should
put the sorry episode Franco yes and so
on but they why are you put the keep
show above my desk and then right we
have all of our awards out there though
so that when people visitors come
they're like she did yes yes boy I don't
want homework
good nice paint we already lost the
deposit there's no we haven't thought
about the deposit or down walls which
people note said that I should have
mentioned that we're going to go check
out the new location okay all right now
definitely not tomorrow there's no
change in time or continuity I'm wearing
different clothes because it's cold
outside right now things that you to
change them yeah and it's not definitely
location with a scalp well his face said
our team would have to move to I'm not
going to say but it's far away and it
would possibly mean that I'd be
traveling in my car two plus hours a day
and my response to that was I get we are
saying but I think I'd also maybe kill
myself sorry if that triggers someone
because suicides a real issue I'm very
hyperbolic and dramatic you I don't want
to drive on the 405 during the weekdays
you tell that I'm semi-aggressive and
passionate about this topic let's do it
do a clapping will end up there ready
why why don't you just go I'll do it
I'll do it
give me a giggle give me a clap and then
I'm cool how am I gonna I was like how
am I gonna do
you guys think I think it would be
perfect if we didn't have to shoot play
the casting session like office space
like it seems like a very like relaxed
but just getting our furniture in here
and set designing this pieces are a
little small but even the big pieces are
on the hunt for Trey's dad Ryan is
really curious where yes we gotta be
very quiet
I was sneaking around trying to find him
Hey oh just like unhappy would you name
Ryan I'm Phil let's meet you always like
what happened oh yeah I was but it was
completely fun okay about a Tanya oh
let's go the other side is more room
okay well I would tell you I'm around I
knew you're still filming we were taking
around when you want to say hello you're
more adorable person so we have a new
host of sorts that coming up we have
auditions today and Ryan thinks he's
getting now uh Ryan give them your best
welcome this one you have to stand up or
sit down whatever you want or jump there
you go mind your face my my face I want
to be in the record you ever be a
director before tell your dad what to do
and he'll have to do it because you're
the director dad he's coming he's in a
he's in a car right now he is asking
about Trey this past couple days yeah
I'm so excited to see how he's gonna
react if you watch it yeah I just want
to explain that every month you get 50
times with you that I guess I don't know
if you appreciate how amazing that is
how'd you do give skip Phil a hug come
from he'll come if it isn't gonna fill
Duluth is like so far I'm completely
okay with you guys destroying the views
because you seem like fantastic people
right there
I like I can juggle
v√°manos I'm the most common look every
guy can met gotta mend me we'll get
another did you take that back we can
get plenty more I mean a sack each time
yeah there we go
Wow
we're gonna go into the car and then we
get blue yeah and then we'll come back
and nagging sound on this cow my
favorite thing is god this guy knows
I'm really not
oh I can't do that don't I say Oh
beautiful people help you having a great
Friday Oh play very little baby yeah
well here that's not good
it's like does it bother you that that
child crushes us in view granted he
crushes everyone yeah so we all suck
we're gonna do you have to open toy
bridge dress you like a child get to
work Oh jolly Joe Jones jungle gym Jose
what other thing
come on Joe toy fun new channel Jose
tell sister channel where you paint your
nails every day boom idea number one
Amanda
Montana's every day she dresses up like
a different Hannah Montana song boom
nailed it fry my brain I read this thing
this morning where Ariana Grande says
that she's the hardest-working 23 year
old and I was like bitch please
you're not even the hardest-working 16
year old fuck you I pride myself on like
waking up early working on the day is
about to go down but I'm not like I'm
the hardest worker but now
