I love it here like you know you're not
even you're like I like that you have
the full grip now but before it was like
this little like that's how I need to
wake up in the morning James just needed
to accuse me of something which I am
guilty of that is Bobbie offensive a
fuck excuse me why I need people who
come on set hello there let's be friends
I eat people that you you were here
yesterday you is on yours and trying to
forget the assistant when they come in
in two weeks yeah for oh yeah sure about
so two services one James wakes me up
and and makes me angry Joe puts me to
sleep with questions that it's annoying
them like I don't want to I don't want
to deal with today like it's sports its
shirts for people that don't know what
the fuck they're watching but they want
to go to the party for sport
we all appreciate Brian's jacket right
now though he's wearing a jacket without
a hood leather fans out came out so
believe Ryan don't worry hardly been in
the vlog yeah but not pointed out like
I'm pointing out Lee
I mean we're neighborhood hat with that
jacket look at him looking good language
this is it feels very much like a mom
auctioning off her son's way like a fact
that he's like 17 and awkward and you're
like look at every dress is great
medical school go to a dentist
yeah look at y'all got a dental tool
that's not that just cool cool I mean
there's still doctors dentists do
Doctors Without Borders because I think
that'd be the real Brazil I hope so
okay why wouldn't we get Doctors Without
molars you know that like if you don't
take care of your mouth at least like a
decent degree like you can have like it
leads to heart disease like it shit from
your mouth man since it's a real doctor
and sorry sport
the hooker I'm gonna fight you free ways
to display sports skills apply to your
chance pour it all together and huddle
why you always fucking I always want to
be a part of team sport but I was never
included I never made the football team
so I never got to be in the real hello I
look like a football player I got cut
they cut me you're writing like you're
my like alternate Joe Bereta
you're my other Joe you feel like there
should be like a separate league for
shorter people there's a lot of sports
that you can't like you can't
participate in we just we just put
little in front of everything we'd like
to welcome you to the newest game from
the little NFL it's just people that are
under five cents
hey if in like if in fighting their
weight classes why not have whole
different teams yes today's vlogging to
be about Phil said go ahead a mission
today could be annoying filled day Oh
tell that was in my favorite days he
said as he spun around in a chair doing
nothing gonna be a fun day you don't
even believe that Joe he's not excited
about Amanda's talking to a place where
we want to move because that's actually
if anything that's the big news is that
we want to be moving studio soon because
I think there's going to be some general
changes I don't know what they all
entail yeah if you dress up this right
yes we can get the address out we could
do if you were meet up every day yeah
that'd be cool for three days and it'll
be like very low noise Phil day with
support I'm gonna fuckin I'm done one of
these in a while you typical bloodshot
door boys and I got I'm Gabe I love you
this is work you like it
now what I love it yeah slower sorry
it's pretty good
you pretty goose it there's a one hand
literally is to see it's whatever you
feel comfortable with you think James
and working it you stand up real quick
face the wall just a proper form yeah
that's good going any right now a good
angle for hey Phil oh hey
for the first time it's sports day so I
found a brand we found a basketball
random without allowing displayed it
good I have a little watch your eye yeah
as well as like mystery thrown you pump
it up for me I don't know what we're
going to use it for but we need to pump
it up
Oh whatever you got good can you get
that you have pliers where is it where
is it well right there oh did you break
it enjoy
okay yeah look at this oh this is like
seriously depends for today's like
the sports day Phil look at that
naturally there's volleyball so I take
my uncle
that's right shout maybe they can
actually kind of do something what is
that I do a rainbow cake come on bro
look look like oh no looking the warm-up
will be on yeah
wait does that actually a do that like
that does it like I mean I love it
you're like you know you're not even
you're like I like that you have the
full grip now but before it was like
this little like no that's really all
I'm try to get oh now clean away okay so
you don't wanna I've got my own you
don't want to smash all right tell you
one last bumper where has this been
sitting on we got carried away
so what we do is we're going to start
clearing out the blog a tea room to make
room for special guests coming tomorrow
so tall and is this better yeah that's a
lot better
okay look at you it again can you see
how my legs are what are you eating now
Zach how many of those cereals to eat a
day six sports more sports sports come
on Christy your sports
oh that's a good sports support for
sports okay it means you see looks like
you're stealing the TV Matt I was just
moving it I had the hood on the usually
people in hood steal TV with stereo
texture so we're having a guests come in
tomorrow and we're going to set up this
room
that can interview the gap I'll just
call the landlord you like doing it
again well I'm never yelled before but
I'll start now that's someone parked in
a DMV I don't know what that means it
means Philip DeFranco and I will not
have you will hurt results box they
might have left this might have been
their spot nope
it is the car and crushing but he is Sol
here we go
I feel so good are they going to see
that I don't know one I hope so but it
may be on their door maybe they're deaf
and they don't know you know that's very
clever
all right Joe did you write or L know
originally it was supposed to be I'll
kill you tomorrow but everyone the
office seemed to think it was a bad idea
I'll show you exactly how this happened
nobody think it was basically possible
to brazilian lecture bowl i think so but
it has to be like smoke no you know
people like if they like it there i'm
constantly since chemically lots and at
the same thing the old people think all
think resilience and that's my imagery
for you guys yeah this episode has a lot
taken it one of my idea you showing me
work so early for lowly beginning pad we
got to yours either
will teach mine and Grange to do group
that's all you get right now the
schedule is come in shoot the show I was
saying the leader life on you guys a
little heavier for making sure the
funnel product is good I like all
homeless lady now someone has a charger
can I borrow some keys just before your
full face came around the corner I was
like
I am really cool but that's not make a
wish do you all day okay
god she's an intern she's trying to make
it new again
hi everyone I am Tammy I want this
tonight would be a nuclear family at
your just filling in on SourceFed I mean
literally there are two serious things
going on no I'm uh there you go
please saved your ending yeah not your
stupid sport fucking person gets you Oh
Joe hands up man
