I thought I thought what are those dudes
farted the worst part of the world and
they ran out and barely turned out of
his fins we brought cheese into the room
all right Philip you know it Friday it's
going to be what is gonna be maximal
cheese day well here's now Oh on a creak
Limburger cheese got a little table have
you ever been watching TV and you had to
find yourself scratching yourself you
accidentally do that you pansy like
that's the smells like like after a long
day why are there no crash we don't do
crackers spill come on crackers you
wanna bust it up bang you got to open it
up take a listen cut some slides if you
get any crackers or if you leave it aah
my brains like it's not bad except it's
not expected to look like that do
probably the skin of it wasn't it smell
like oh no I came back how much are you
going to eat you see that corner right
there happen that's way too much go for
it you got there you know might be the
donor picking with it ha ha ha smell is
so bad it smells like when you open up
your fridge you're like oh shit I should
equate this a few weeks ago
now you have this thing like a foot it's
a foot in your mouth you shut your mouth
give me the camera
you're participating I'm gonna do big
fucking holiday definitely wouldn't you
oh yeah really bad dog brush it
definitely smells worse than faces I
would probably go have a cracker like it
buddy was just there smell your fingers
now very cool all ready to piss people
off and I'd like to try some see no yeah
I'll do it first
I don't like a camembert what is this
Limburger mmm I like the aftertaste
kind of tastes kind of sting be honest I
hate cheese but I'll give it a shot
is this legit out there and I asked what
smells bad No oh my god it's all like
really old paint huh I can't
okay honest with you that actually
smells like deep ass that is hard be bad
if that's the horse Mel Audrey Ellis
it's not complete without just think you
G zero is going to drop oh wow really
look at me
whoa it is really bad for ya just trying
to sound like haha
it's better now because I wash it out
with like heavily creamed coffee it
tasted like a fart a little bit have you
tasted the four people this is
Lindenberg Limburger Limburger
no dealer cheese scanning actually after
I choose someone yet different like yeah
I know you not bad literally tastes like
shit Dargis no Mickey I don't want to
inhale what yeah it's not like you
scratched your asshole buddy because I
haven't even touched it to you are you
managing
oh that's building oh no it was like
shit life is not a very good initial
phase not good after about Miller
sources over our breath is gonna stink
I'll just say my breast field review
that shit across the parking lot no wait
so you say you're gonna get someone to
take a bite of it yeah are you gonna
take a pig by that I'm taking a big bite
I wasn't a big fan it's too bad but they
have to take one damn Samsung their
centers were thinkin Doosan no yeah you
have the balls Sam all right Phil
any less words like you failed because
you couldn't get anyone to take a big
bite out of it no I'm going to go do
that right now I'm going to find someone
Phil I know see what I'm sorry I'm
singing are calibrated no no take a big
bite for what is there any role is there
a train agree is there a hot a business
no no nobody's in it so you're good
right we might do it even if you like
take a bite of this cheese a big bite
it's just a random piece of cheese do I
get any more improv is at home I mean
orders we can tell them what it is
Limburger cheese
that's one burger cheese yeah I don't
need to break off these after like steak
we fight a honking one of your thing by
the way good thing so I'm caught in a
horrible situation right because the
circumstances of me eating the cheese
are a little weird but as a kid
Limburger was always presented as like
the example of stinky gross cheese and
I've always been shy morbidly curious oh
that's right you did yeah what would you
like it I'll try to cheat okay gonna
take a big bite oh man
I give up no I say no oh don't think
that bad no look gonna it smells like
cat shit I wish I was the man that you
deserve big buddy I think right now how
would I get I do it you just get to be
in the blog know anyone brave enough to
have a quietly not one big bite man do
you get something you get to be in the
blog one little with come on come on bro
here I cut up like a fish bye Phil bye
so you have a good weekend Phil okay hit
it's right and it's national cheese day
I feel like there should be a fireworks
coming out of the P nobody wanted a bite
let's roll it out yeah I remember the
shit out don't you put it on the stomach
side okay I know what's worse the smell
of the dumpster or the smell is the
cheek
Michael
