I just want to note it I wanted to open
this earlier and an Amanda which
rightfully so was like you should at
least wait till Jill gets the camera and
then I was like now I'm restricting my
life based on Joe's schedule all right
well we got playing yourself in the
bathroom so much good I don't know what
it is Amanda said she thinks she knows
how this is going on set later this
rippable my supposed to oh oh oh no oh
no oh look at this fancy shiz did you
get you aah oh wait yeah Brewer that's a
prize only the streaming for the Philip
DeFranco show audience choice apparently
I forgot I say the word choice audience
choice show of the year 2016 is it bad
that I'm like they spelled my name right
whoo and the Philip DeFranco show news
and culture something I promised that we
would do cut through the clip don't
pretty I think already how did you wait
so long to tell me I just I felt I just
felt that happening Diana scratch them
which one it's such a dick every time
we've ever believed in a mout it's
because joe says boozy because he thinks
that it gets under my skin and but it
does it I just don't want you to enrage
the audience because there's no reason
to start stuff with people anyway yeah
I'm gonna let you decide where they go
people are saying that you weren't you
weren't doing your job because
apparently one of those pillows is all I
was gone it was messed up all week today
I mean all we all want today you've been
here right after you start doing fucking
stab us with that then what's the topic
yeah we're actually okay though we're
actually okay after the items I don't
know if I just leave us on camera after
the atom solid stuff we like we went
back and forth you oh god look at that
face that looks like you just got a baby
you didn't want gotta go homes where our
ladies can hang out together oh yeah
they're gonna I'm gonna be able to doing
already grabbing shut up I've been
grabbed
girl is that right huh I'm pretty sure
my wife grabbed your hair lady's boobs
have you built a lot have you grilled
although I did meet your fianc√© on a
shoot where we had to be like huh
birthday keys
Thanks let me get to shit all right you
didn't come to my birthday a lot of
people when I came and I feel bad I
didn't send you a birthday cake I was
going to be really cool and get here
early and buy him like he has like he
loves Starbucks in the muffins at his
breakfast and I'm gonna buy it for him
but I'm like I didn't so I hope this
isn't there oh my gosh Ali Wong oh my
god before you find that one that's my
okay ever ever I solution the thing I'm
like who is it a mystery that is like so
awesome a vegan I think we got a guys
here we got a shot I'm so - dangerous
knowing there was no real danger it was
a bit nothing bad can happen during a
bed do it again you guys let's do it
again then turn around in that little
thing to be honest uh a little little
unsafe I don't look do that ever get
enough room just kidding what that's so
fucking cool holy shit
you guys ready for this what okay thank
you who yeah I'll do that
that's rad arrest that one huh cold got
it make sure that doesn't get in the
shot what is it another box for
unleashing that suit
I'm going to hand them to the wrong one
Thanks thank you for a second
doo doo doo doo maybe that's what we
call it the wheel of misfortune so what
is this board without giving it away
video game
we're all in color like I shall kill the
flames imagine your horse nipple look
like is that what I see unicorn it man
it has to be now you know Garnett's calm
an offshoot of kiss witness
where did the dick the go that's the new
mystery of every blog I'm the dick no
that's not true at all so we're going to
put this shit together what we call it
wheel of misfortune that is we're going
to put all the consequences who losing
in a multiplayer game just look a little
bit oh good bumpit nothing in here
actually it comes with a marker good
cause it's a little racer pegs and
screws give a print go sweet yeah I just
found that where's it going where's the
kid gone yeah it means where you gonna
kiss people was that kiss I have to talk
to my lady about that we're coming up
with 20 names for each of the
consequences right now we have water in
yo face but that might be switched to
money shot yeah sure dropping mode
seemed to drop in mode okay you drop it
load also sleeve in for water just came
up now what hello Phillip hi I ripped
off the thing that makes this not burn
my hands so now I'm having a holding I'm
probably in a spill and I saw I have to
interview up essentially our new
assistant or mine
not us anyway back off my assistant bro
what are you looking for an assistant
silk everything excited because this
time we finally like they finally were
like okay with us pulling from people
that watch the show or fans of the show
I have found personally that we have
pulled some of our best people who have
watch a show except for James James
takes a shamble I came in I thought I
was interviewing for SourceFed yeah and
then Darren will be like they're
actually uh you're gonna be interviewed
for the top ranker show music how long
are we back Bishop really yeah and now
you want to show how to joke before no
I've never seen the show before we're
checking wait all right you're not show
me something yeah so for the gaming
little thing that we can start doing
we made a little wheel here and once you
take it a spin and we will explain some
nuts up to you live as well get a heart
spin put on a rubber okay so let's put
on a rubber you're going to have to lube
up your hands then you're selling rubber
glove to continue playing does that feel
nasty I use my hand this appeal and add
to wear just like lubrication and put on
these rubber gloves at night that's what
those maybe think of it so it is
everything on this list just a way to
relive some of Joe's pain what happened
with what that Mouse do no Joe what the
fuck is one-eyed Willy because I think I
know what that is what is it oh we're
knife-edge oh I thought it was literally
this is okay I automatically want you
guys are going to whack someone's
eyebrow so these are like the low key
level one put it on a pie to the face
yeah I think a question and obviously
keep it in the realm of like this is
something we could do to someone and
then we still have to work with that
person the next day what are some things
that you would put up not you Joe to the
people inside of that little camera that
you're holding
wait what it's fit is it just like you
get to draw dicks on your face shield so
we're just going to steal their
PlayStation all right
Oh
okay let lunch we talked about the
grapefruit video which will show a clip
from here so what you're going to do is
just suck is it just like you said you
were going to do how would you
understand what that is we kind of had
an idea of mixing it with a song and
this is how come everyone local on Jovie
a song for the broken-hearted expect to
go that well who me wasn't me that was
the magic of editing I was almost angry
that James was a then wasn't
categorizing the story to best stuff so
then he made that art thank you James
the world needs that
