hey you guys hear that Donald Trump is
had a heart attack yeah no way what are
we doing today
bill we are finishing the Friday show
cut so far me we're only 70 percent firm
it's like a perfect cut that means I
probably though the rest of it is just a
garbage pile that I'm gonna have to have
them work hours on for last we got Brian
working on the I love yo fascia shirt
since we just launched the one's for
America Canada I don't know why they
would say Canada and Ireland let me know
Ireland's only like 1.7 percent of the
viewership by far one of the most
engaged audiences worldwide I love me
some Irish not the right accent don't
know what my face is doing so we're
gonna do that and then we're gonna do
gonna have a few creative meetings gonna
have a meeting with much people as far
as new ideas I know that I asked you
guys what stuff you think would be fun
for this channel and other channels in
like five minutes you guys had set up
Xbox so yeah so I'm excited to see a
bunch of a bunch of the new ideas these
kind of days are exciting for me cuz
it's more of it's like a creative day
yeah I mean I love making videos but
it's nice to be able to do four days of
pure making videos and then three days
I'm just like creative or just personal
stuff I gotta go back to work Joe where
are you going like right here Yeah right
here no I want you to have to ask Danny
a weird question like a fake thing that
he could ask Danny like what do you
think about Donald Trump
how about this you go in you don't keep
the camp you don't have the camera I'm
gonna look like really like oh my god we
got to make a video and you're gonna
have the camera Ames like down like
you're not recording okay and you just
want audio did you guys just hear the
Donald Trump just had a heart attack but
you have to you have to sell that
fucking oh god damn you have to sell all
that lot no one's gonna believe me hey
you guys who died Donald Trump that's
not a heart attack what yeah it's all
over
we're like before me on the right now
quick yeah oh no no that's gonna spread
that's gonna spread yeah no way how are
we gonna get worse oh god damn how do we
make it worse oh no don't don't
sorry it starts spreading way too fast
look oh stop it kill it no big news
rifle yeah not funny what you gave me
home fill me with hop was my bagel
got slightly too burned now that was
everybody trust me anymore I can't break
any more
I'm never gonna trust me again
they are gonna trust you again I
probably should have done that anyway
let's get back to the recipe
it's the motherfucking future our
presents great but if we don't start
thanking you say you're the first one
screw our present stop fucking with me
the one thing that's sticking out to me
that I've been kind of spearheading is
the gaming series and this could be on
all platforms out there Xbox consoles VR
mobile I like the idea of someone
showing us new or weird just because we
can angle it in the way of like I
literally like it is very hard for me to
play new games yeah and more like fine
weird games okay I used to with the old
SourceFed nerd crew like if we did bring
on issues need to be here for another
thing brightness would be like a way to
integrate her on that channel cool
yeah I love that I've just been helping
people okay coming in with questions on
how is that shit up and coming up with
fun Stevie I was maybe as long as it
wasn't tips in them so yeah well yeah do
a funnel number fo no I was like do we
are we gonna be like good there you go
absolutely clap for you that was a lot
more those were yeah there was a lot of
ideas I didn't think of em gun I was
good so the gaming is a horrible idea I
think that we shouldn't move forward
with it no I think it's easy it's right
there um half the reason you watch
gaming is for the people the people have
a little t come in love with you guys
and also Amanda a little bit just a tiny
bit no I think most most most people
that love a minute like she a bad fit
she don't give she will feel says no I
think it's good and once you set it up
you guys should let me in the room so I
can fuck you guys up cuz you don't play
video games Joe not really not too much
no you play candy crush
are you a woman I'm not a foam gamer no
oh good and one time is about an hour on
what minecraft on my phone and I was
like what am i doing my life what am i
doing it I once spent probably 40 plus
hours
and Mon playing Star Wars Galaxies
everyday Wow don't nod your head how
dare you no I'm saying like it sounds
right but it's also like I'm not shaming
wait I was like this close to doing this
thing where I bought if he goes like 50
or $60 worth of doing gems or whatever
I'm like whatever I'm done with this
game delete
we should probably eat lunch gonna go
yeah it's gonna be such a disconnected
video we could only include part of when
we pranked them we can only include part
of the stuff they were talking about so
if people don't just steal our ideas and
some of these won't be executed for
months just a bunch a little bits just a
little bit over there that's where we
eat
Joe decide McDonald's no fuck you Joe
boo-boo never he can do it that's keep
your video James hmm the only thing he's
thinking in his head right now is
McDonald's cuz he put weight I did know
let's get up what's that one place
Amanda doesn't like it the new ball
Yurika
you've been there a while shut up
what happened to the bromance over it's
over G nah man uh I'm gonna get some
sort of food we'll take a salad maybe
some bruschetta this uh the sparkling
water seems pretty nice and then I'll
think I'll pop it off with a bone marrow
burgers it's disgusting
lose the all-day breakfast burrito I
don't know
now hug now kiss look lion dance for
your picture more importantly guy behind
this camp you're important to me
no one knows about oh man I set goes
after rump what if these were working at
those beats by James well you can see
here we've got a little little gaming
setup that we tried out the other day we
got this big-ass camera it was in front
of a gas camera big nose all right
moderately moderately sized TV still not
small big ass console I mean it's big
compared to other consoles it's time
except maybe the original Xbox we shot a
few test shots one I'm sure we'll put in
the video for you to see and one
hopefully we'll never see the light of
day why not ah but we also want to try
just to see what it would look like if
we did this same setup but like for this
table so we put the TV here
guess what sit over there look at the TV
can right above it see how it looks
show me some looks yeah we just shot is
that a thing
yeah I like the slightly lower angle and
in general if we're going to be face
camming while the gameplay is happening
i think that it'll probably need to be
tighter anyway I'm pretty happy this
cool yeah I dig it and nobody's have to
come up with like the first first one
okay cool
pull in and go Thanks we really had an
ending where he hadn't where show what
was the ending I don't know I said
something really clever come do that ah
it's that one minigame in Mario Party
this is going to be seven some sup
Internet
hey mom and dad
