all right Zach what do you want to do
Harry Potter world are you gonna one I
know let's see what it sounds like in
the same are you like large oh I don't
know Phil there's just a bunch of weird
weird people in my brain in my head I
guess they tell me what to do but
wouldn't they tell me what to say but
not tell me what to do I think that
would be an issue oh yeah they just give
me weird things like that the voice in
their head know about boundaries oh yeah
yeah yeah like I wouldn't wanna yeah of
course they have tons of batteries fill
tons of medi anyway balint boundaries
boundaries and I'm okay cool Phil today
we're going to see Harry Potter the
wizardly world place because we screwed
Zach over so many times so we're here to
make it right oh cool
I never seen one of those damn you Anna
oh really yeah
thank you yeah I've seen all of them
would you like him yeah cool I'm not I'm
not a potterhead himself I hit a pothead
get it fine yeah
have you been to Harry Potter world
because that's apparently where we're
going no like that was our beer that's
all I know yeah Brianna oh you know what
I actually don't I know that some kind
of butterscotch syrup there are recipes
that you can find it you can make
actually online that have like real
butter in them and cream soda as well
but most of them have ramen whiskey it's
supposed to warm you and with No
I have a Harry Potter tattoo yeah I
won't mind you again I've never made it
for myself oh all right so cool so uh
yeah it's gonna be a fun day and I can't
wait to go and experience Harry Potter's
foot for like the first time I guess
except you guess you maybe you'll be
taken in by the wonder yeah yeah he
knows it's exciting stuff bill all right
we'll see you soon Phil I'm excited too
to watch this video and see your
experiences and transformation great me
too
Phil all right all right all right what
are we doing tell me a recording or so
how excited you are
oh it's already rolling this is taking
it all away turn my excitement into
regret look at the mustache is awful I'm
doing this all for you you have to say
something
you're right so wait how many times did
you get fucked I don't even know I never
felt that talks but I'm getting a trip
out of it so I got fucked a lot in
reality the only thing was read the name
of who isn't going to the Penguins and
literally they could have read anyone
else's name that didn't go but it was
mine and so now that it was my name
we're going to Harry Potter world I'm
most excited for a one do you already
have a one Briana I don't do they make
vibrating wands that's just called a
dildo yeah you thinking of a Hitachi
wand
those are only used by the Hitachi was
all right everybody excited we heard of
a Star Wars nerd right have you met a
Harry Potter why you say what do you
mean why cuz I love it it's important to
me it's the best thing ever that's ever
happened to
all right Zach what do you want to do
are you gonna one let's go
holy sit there's so many people here
don't you all have jobs it seems like
visiting world is closed which is really
the whole reason we're fucking here
right up here putting in a panel and I
think we're okay we're fine
I thought this was Lord of the Rings I
think I got my thing confused this is
the one with the Wizards huh Gandalf the
Grey that's what I was looking for
Gandalf the room but I don't see it
Gandalf is the gay one that died yeah
Zach is getting himself a Wang and this
nice staff member from Ollivanders is
going to help him by giving him a
personality diagnostic and then he will
be magic because the wand chooses the
wizard Ollivander listen so this is one
of the professor she teaches didn't fit
an Asian and names professor Trelawney
she's a crackpot and amazing and this is
my home so I'm looking for a one well
then just suits me I don't know you know
the one jack is talking with a Harry
Potter person about what blond he's
supposed to get it looks like a little
confused ballerina this really thing
really guys is what we came here to do
get a fucking piece of plastic that
looks like wood I don't care I'm not
paying for it okay seriously it's been
five minutes and they're still trying to
decide what I'm going to need
how long's I'm sleeping it takes years
let's see what what is all about
professor Dumbledore's long so they're
plastic how much is it $40 for a stick
plastic stick
okay now everybody's studying the charts
trying to figure out which which is the
best little stick for Zack
oh hey Brianna we're trying to find them
for ourselves and find ourselves oh my
god he's testing it out to make sure it
fits his personality there he goes I
think he found it okay so that took 20
minutes and now brianna is getting
paired with the one this is
un-fuckin'-believable oh my god 10
minutes later it's still trying to
figure this shit out all right I'm just
gonna head out oh god I had to get the
hell out of there let me go film some
cool shit at this point the butterbeers
filled with drugs okay let's see the 140
dollars when it
all right now overdue we are going on
this Friday and I'm excited what kind of
ride is this so this is like an indoor
or coaster okay
okay guys I gotta put you away in this
locker probably the most exciting thing
you're gonna see all that good time Joe
I feel like throwing did you like it
when it stopped yeah sit up right and
then we went through part of the ride
with no sound I like the part where I
almost had a heart attack to the right
just stop and I'm thinking how many
hours it's gonna take for us to get off
this thing and the firefighters coming
and then it just kept going like every
turn alright let's go throw up
what are we saying that car right there
car oh that car okay apparently we're
walking to go see a car super excited
there's a car these because fast pass
into a ride that's close to look at a
car car five oh it flies it doesn't look
like it flies chugging along though I'm
glad we walked all the way over here to
look at this car what's going on now so
basically our wands work one everywhere
cuz for magic to in certain places
around the park
Phil why did I come it's just a tollens
like to borrow my wand fucking gentle
okay
yeah it's plastic that's not doing
anything try Milan look at this dinner
Wow feel like a little fucking kid all
right so what are you guys but a bit
butterbeer we are gonna go to the Three
Broomsticks which is a local motel it's
a bar you get food there you get butter
beer silly don't you at least then then
use reasonably price oh my god sweet oh
my god really good very sweet but I like
that yeah it's good that lets alcohols
in your 2% fuck all right we just had
our butter beer this place looks neat
chocolate one no wonder you have to go
through the same survey process to
choose what you can probably taste like
plastic and probably $30 piece of fuck
what's going on there's like magic going
on so much magic so much look you got
Bing bong everyone's favorite pics our
character you look really excited I am
what are you excited about
just love it here don't you they have
sleepy they're not called slinking
they're called uphill Springs piron's
someone try this head you know you can
pull that shit off my magic now let me
know in the comments down below a my
magic I'm Harry Potter let's see no one
there's chocolate ones over there but
they don't even make a noise no we're
leaving thank God buy stuff buy stuff
buy more stuff
print stuff we went to Harry Potter
alright guys tell me your favorite part
don't put that camera on me my favorite
part was going into Hogwarts like the
tunnel that led to the ride and all that
just going through the whole line and
like all the shit that they did trying
not to cry the whole time or it's just
so great you love it here so much and
Zac what was your favorite part of your
trip getting this stick it's a fancy
stick with my dog will left chewing on
it no all right cool and now what do we
do
well I gotta go back to the office we
have to go back to the office okay let's
go more work I feel her I come
uh-huh-huh
how are you so great so good new search
you certainly yeah every day all day
every day fill harry potter land fun so
fun cool great place fill I'm really
glad you enjoyed it
I never enjoyed something so much to my
life though I can't wait to go back you
seem like a guy that would like magic I
love magic Phil yeah I love plastic wand
- I can't believe they spent almost 52
others on a plastic launch bill can you
believe it would you spend $50 or more
it's so bad because I find that so
stupid but I find it almost sexy that
you can overcharge that moment where
keith is standing right in front of a
huge rack of little sticks and it's
probably I did like general math and
it's probably around a hundred grand
right there a fucking sticks let's tell
the Phil DeFranco stick bill I think we
can make millions fill it Franco stick
yeah the one Phil DeFranco one what do
you think about that I love it let's do
it
so let's do it I'll just take 50% that's
it okay fine I'll take 60 80 what were
you gonna say I cut you up
Julianne's I just like that you think
you're a part of you really you got it
you gotta get credit where you see you
don't you see the sign on the door
what's what the filled up for oh that's
oh shit well I'm gonna make my own damn
stick then I'm gonna sue you alright oh
well hope hope your your two beautiful
sons grow up to love Harry Potter and
you have to buy them forty dollar sticks
I hope that you can afford a lawyer what
if we get into a stick but what if
that's the end of this bill you got to
pay for those sticks
exactly all right cool don't show your
kids Harry Potter are you gonna fall for
the trip alright bye Phil
Hogwarts what the hell is a Hogwarts oh
shit dog I want to go over there do
there's light so it's cool Syd Brianna
how are you oh my god
