is and attacks like everyone who's been
working on the white walls the last two
weeks have really stepped up their game
so thank you
tonight is First Fridays and it'll be
laser tag at glow zone at 6:30 and then
after that anybody who wants to just
beers over at BJ Oh Barry is your at
ninja what are you doing on your
computer emails you know all the fun
stuff oh yeah go and Friday you go into
a laser tag day no I want to laser tags
actually like even though it's generally
thought it was like a little kid thing I
love it
last time Oh Emma went to laser tag I
went with Kevin wait was I there with
you were you there with me Kevin almost
got into like a fight with a child
oh wait wait it was in Sherman Oaks yeah
next that sushi place like yeah we went
to sushi after yeah that's real I forgot
I was living well but having me three
years ago to something see I only
remember when someone's with me if they
do something ridiculous he did something
and then I got I also got generally
angry at a child who was like a
professional laser tagger and he also
had like this card where he just goes in
all the time all the time is the cool
kid I killed you Conner don't make me
get your mom but it was still fun I
remember like the first time we lost and
that really amped me up and then I stole
all his strategies and destroyed him cuz
you're supposed to shoot like this you
know why blah blah condenser um you're
pro into this pro yeah I'm not going I
have to do family stuff what bill your
family goes first over laser tag
unfortunately what are you doing for us
today right now I'm gonna be on this and
then phone calls but I'll probably end
up leaving early leave early
yeah well I'll go oh come make love to
you before you leave okay with the
camera oh good yeah that makes it not as
weird as what you just said Ryan are you
going tonight too first Friday laser tag
maybe we'll see
probably not we have to finish well my
voice we have to finish a lot of stuff
for weekend and next week I'm tired and
I think everyone has a bug Phil had it
I'm surprised you don't have a job yet
so I don't know I don't know about
tonight I'm probably not doing laser tag
even though I love laser tag but maybe
go in to drink yeah I mean like oh fuck
me good sorry I'm tired oh that's a bad
kid I go in the night oh my god
probably not don't fill my text message
on that is an invasion of privacy kind
of privacy you invade my privacy enough
sir elevated even more when the can I
draw the line I'll make the line you
draw help me I don't know that means how
do you go in the laser tag tonight
nobody's going okay
I mean I'm I started making a video
better I'd have to go now I can't but I
remember everybody had asked that they
can't I know so am I gonna do I keep
making this video saying that we're all
going to laser tag no one's gonna go to
laser tag this is we means old playing
laser tag is awesome Joel is going
because I asked him to cover for me
because normally I organize them but I
have to go see family tonight you go and
tonight to a laser tag yeah you're still
coming laser tag he's in today good it
means I can play rock music all
afternoon in my office
I'm just trying to get Joel to take me
to a lunch Hey ladies
hi you going to laser tag tonight yes I
have a date afterwards yeah bring extra
clothes let's get like really sweaty in
there yeah I have time I'll freshen up
but what if there's traffic
you didn't bring an extra pair of
clothes and you're all sweaty no tonight
yeah you gotta just the other end
I was one inch taller maybe six feet and
women would like me I need it where's
why okay boom any time in these videos
especially the ones where it's like I'm
either like really busy that day or I'm
out
it's just sporadically you scaring me
I'm gonna laser tag tonight you're not
going you're not going last chance oh we
have omits the bus now but I think I
think I think it's good that you're
going okay you're gonna have fun some
soon bondage time fine I feel like there
are a lot of times you say shit like
that on purpose but I feel like that
accidentally slipped out that time
they've slipped up Wow
this look does that's something you're
into I haven't tried it before I'm just
trying to look at your face see if
you're lying to me right now
what do you feel it's about bondage
bondage I don't know I don't know it
means being tied up and stuff right with
like leather whips I don't know if I
could do it on a completely different
note since since you showed your your
wife or your fiance in the last video
has she or you got any messages that you
think are creepy oh uh I got like like
yeah way to go Joe and stuff like this a
bunch of like bro that's like good news
I'm glad they're not they're not creepin
on you're like sometimes they creep on
uh maybe other people that you feature
the book anyway so you're not going I
hope you have okay maybe I will
bye Phil bye bye love you fruit you're
just doing it alright guys
oh my god paranoid about armpit so much
you
all right so you ready uh yeah we're
gonna have a total mini-golf rave
tonight
let's amigo yeah bro or it's a tiny city
that I will destroy I'm not sure you
ready to get sweaty yeah I feel a
perfume in the car I got Frank alone
that time I had time I waited all
weekend for this woman had enough time
to take a quick shower kiss that's a yes
there's hesitation right when there's
hesitation there's your kiss we're young
scientists are no just autograph yet
actually oh my god no
think of guns everybody
