hello Phil oh these I'm excited to see
these what else you excited about Phil
Mitch why is it something else what
should I be excited that I don't know I
just I was hoping that you'd be excited
as a bit dissapointing fucking thing
okay you sound like you're setting me up
for something fun gonna happen today I
think that I'm gonna knock out the show
and then some meetings
I'm sorry jokes right do we have to go
into any meetings I mean I think that we
don't have a meeting just so that we can
get all on the same page cool I'll be
fun yeah
okay wait we'll just we'll work the
whiteboard can we hold hands lower at
this meeting yeah
and then a few times during this meeting
I'll probably be like so why why would
you think that
and then you blew me a kiss but no hand
okay I want it to drift slowly there you
go I caught it
you got eggs we're off to a great start
today I got banana in my mouth oh yeah
so he was Cashman Addison you know what
you got to do
where are you going the McDonald's for
what to go use their internet what's
wrong with Arden
oh how like xxx setup can't put in your
user name only passwords oh I think
we're actually just going to McDonald's
for like a big neck no I've got my lunch
back french fries I asked french fries
so why you telling us you going to the
McDonald's for the internet when you're
really just gonna get to Friday I'm not
getting fries I got McDonald's I think
use as excuse because you're addicted to
McDonald's that's not true and all don't
just filming a door and Penny and we
like to McDonald's so use the internet I
think was bullshit I think he just
wanted to get a Big Mac Phil that's cool
dal-su he's getting fries yeah he
promised fries see so I think there was
other intentions in that but chef here
we go there we go
they're here on it now oh yeah tell you
something yeah Lee thought that was fill
in there it looks good okay what I mean
looks great I didn't know I got glasses
but I think it makes it very wise hey
pal you know I ran into uh Steve and Lee
uh-huh what you guys doing dressed up
like this we're doing Bendre penguin
time traveler it's a classic do you know
that Phil absolutely loves Benjamin
Franklin time travel I just want you to
realize how much you've ruined the
legacy of Benjamin Franklin I just typed
in Benjamin Franklin and the third thing
that popped up was time traveler is
Benjamin Franklin Benjamin Franklin for
kids Benjamin Franklin time traveler so
I wrote a sketch called Benjamin
Franklin time traveler because I don't
know anything about politics or the time
traveling keytar and he has his
companion Abraham Lincoln high and we're
gonna travel it is it's very sexual we
made this thing and Phil loved it he was
like this SourceFed thing is a really
great idea how do we change this channel
to only to only benjamin franklin most
of my childhood I blocked it out
Benjamin Franklin time traveler yeah
they were telling me that you loved it I
know cuz they like lying Phil was just
like we need to keep making this and he
tried to make a feature but you know how
like in the industry gets involved so it
was Benjamin Franklin time traveler and
it's currently through a bunch of script
revisions right on well they did say
that they had a feature film script and
went through a couple rewrites one of
the rewrites ended up being right along
with Kevin Hart oh do it and I'm here
still got a nice amount of money for
that have yet to it good for him see any
of that I am not necessarily a fan of
the franchise as a businessman I think
it would be very smart to start a
Kickstarter to make like a movie or a
short film cuz if the audience is there
then they'll fund it code I think that's
the way that you justify it
otherwise why what if this becomes a
thing we'll get a James Cameron to
directed meeting time meeting I can end
this bad conversation that's gonna get
me
dislikes him a text no you get my text
no even no I'm a tax man I'm playing her
to get no I'm trying to communicate what
what was the text I just thought I was
heading at home
I brought a half-ass English for a
half-sandwich yeah why not we're dealer
heads go well there was enough meat you
can eat by yourself come you taking my
join to keep me company
yeah I'll keep you company okay I just
got some baggage shit I'm gonna get my
half sandwich here we are
date for two bought a candle oh shit did
we have a candle yeah I mean like a
candle so I'm having a date with key
cope how you doing on do you have a
candle yes great Keith and I are having
a lunch date so yeah like a canvas okay
this will do
you
turning the ladies this is for me you
know any enrique inglesias I don't come
on bro played in a long time I know a
couple tunes but I've been played in a
long time what 10cm I know some Enrique
Iglesias Oh give me like 10 seconds of a
riff anything anymore
this is for the ladies come on me on the
spot man come on man for the ladies
all the ladies pressure all the ladies
gonna want you all the ladies that's too
many they have known Backstreet Boys
I sure mama I'll get you a lady let me
get you a lady I'm gonna get you a lady
hi Madison you want to be serenaded yeah
I have a treat for you come with me any
you want to be serenaded okay here put
this on all right Chris about some
ladies all right I have a CD or do you
think about the ladies oh you know
they're great the beautiful right we're
cute the ladies right yeah I picked them
just for you
he has ten second riff who's gonna
serenade
hell yeah let's give a round applause
have my babies it smells like someone
fresh-cut apples the minute I got to
this half the building how'd you open
that door you can smell it it's like
whoo hey why don't you like ya know if
you could smell down there imagine was
doing to my brain right now there's a
slight plastic waxy tinge to it
tell me Lori's nose plug I bought a
candles from Anthropologie is 30 bucks
I've never spent $30 on a candle you
ever smelled anthropology candled mmm I
wouldn't spend $30 on a game I'll walk
into that store and I'll just walk and
smell all the social candles in life so
today's question is would you buy a $30
candle no I don't buy candles what about
like as a gift sure I'll go to Yankee
Candle whatever the one what's the most
you would spend on a candle ten boxes
you buy a $30 candle for me and you're
like I need to buy camera knocks okay
I'd probably would go cheaper around 30
I mean I probably spend no more than 20
I'm spending no more than $29.99 but god
damn it that $30 one is not happening
you can feed a whole family with $20 I
can feed myself or for a few nights $30
on the candle would you but yeah I buy
money on candles you my money I buy
money I spend money on I know I knew I
knew I knew when I said it and then you
said it now it's like yeah it's like
that when I go for them usually get the
cheap one just cuz I need something that
just smells good for the time being
look I don't like to shower ever so I
just put candles on and then I pour the
wax all over me peel it off that's not
like an universe already want to sleep
with you in the comments right now
they're just imagining hot walks hot wax
on the hotbox when you say how waxing
the hot wire that's how I get to say wow
wow wow I watch it on a weird moment now
in the comments if you want to be the
girl that peels wax off Brian I think
YouTube has a women of how many comments
you can't say that shit will hit the
limit
the coolest thing people ever do is
you're out kind of want that Snickers
elegant I don't know just what would
make you want to buy a $30 Camry nothing
really but if it's that good there was a
problem with high-priced things when you
see that the price is high your brain
because we've been trained to
automatically goes oh that has to be
like a high quality thing but it could
just be really really smart marketing
you think fucking beats cost that much
no no like you just search real cost of
beads Phil DeFranco candle is it smells
like me well like take samples of your
sweat smells like exhaustion and anger
that's all it's the main point of
getting across there's no more $20 to
Franco 20 24 shirts there were all $700
and that's it
you're packing them yourself to Franco's
new Gucci how fast do you think we get
sued if we thought we should release
something that's very close to good
sheet we just call it dead Gucci and we
charge yeah 50 percent what does she
know yeah also stuff is worth what
people will pay for it everyone gave
luxottica the guy that owns luxottica a
bunch of shit because yeah they Proust
price gouge the shit out of people and
they essentially have a monopoly on the
eyewear business Google it that's it I'm
done I'm done
