they're coming for your humor and like
I'll go right now again
right out of the gate give it another
one Madison Madison hates algos that's
the name of this video now hey welcome
to the vlog today you may notice that
someone that you have you seen Madison
before I feel like maybe in the comments
you've you've noticed her so it's your
fault not your fault I was gonna say
this is a little odd for me because I've
never met you this is gonna be kind of
me learning about you them learning
about you us looking at some of the
comments especially someone that
apparently is really not on social how
do you have a social media job I don't
have social media that's my first
question before we learn anything about
you true
I like understand it it's just I like
don't want to like I just don't like
want to like do anything with like my
own personal I'm saying so it's like you
you bake bread but you're don't no harm
done yes exactly
yeah it makes no sense how old are you
I'm 20 where are you from I'm from North
retail what are you going to school for
tell you production what do you want to
do I really want to like produce either
like news or reality shows part of the
comments I wanted to go through with you
you said that you're okay just cuz
summit I'm not saying it right I just
want to understand this I'm not saying
that everything is Joe's fault always so
right out the gate how do you feel when
you see stuff like Chuck Taylor who says
Madison more half my babies oh I would
say you know I want to finish school
first for sure and then Chuck Taylor
maybe maybe later so you're telling me
there's a chance okay this is from
simply Canadian okay so you probably got
better health care
Madison more I don't know who you are I
don't know who you are what you do I
don't know what you want or why you are
a liar I will find you that I will find
you and make you my wife this is not a
threat it's a promise
but this time exclamation mark oh oh
yeah here the stalker ones Oh
Hayden Brookfield's one hour later and
I've given up the search for Madison
Moore's Instagram it was a good battle
but my stalking level was not high
enough today I will take this loss and
learn from it 153 people with thumbs
that up has a lot of work Koro pieces
Madison's arm looks so tasty I want to
lick E
I mean like thank you feels like such a
creeper Benny gold says came here for
Madison came for Madison left oh I want
Madison to sit on my face oh boy
can I just okay hey this isn't facing or
licking Oh Lord and Stover says can I
just know if Madison's into girls so I
know if I have any chance with her
because I think I'm in love
oh boy you don't have to mention it on
video just hit her in the DM I know this
is last dirty one I want to read cuz
it's just creeping me out
I'm Kris not cry said earthquake or not
I'm getting under Madison's desk
safety first what has anyone said
anything this over to you ever in your
life in public now or just like
one-on-one no we used to do earthquake
drills at my school and no one ever said
well is Madison fine with being used for
views oh boy how do you feel when all of
a sudden once again like we haven't
talked or anything and then you get it's
been like three thumbnails right okay
that's a three right what is what is
your thought on that well the first time
I like depth like I didn't know too much
about it and so one of my friends who
actually watches your like your channel
was like hey I think I just saw you like
blah blah and I was like where like I'm
like this is interesting
he's like all right Phil Edie so Joe
sent this to me so when you pop up in a
video yeah that is what happens to
audience retention 10% of the people
that watch this video went back to that
part where you popped up so I mean would
you ever want to be in front of the
camera I mean I never really I was
always more like wanting to be behind it
and especially like in all of the stuff
that I'm learning at school it's mostly
like directing and producing and kind of
being like behind it so this is
definitely different on some level does
it bother you that it's like purely on
your your looks obviously they haven't
seen me like when I wake up in the
morning and like have my like you know
Virginia on laughing I mean it is I
guess kind of weird cuz it's not like
cuz you're funny
so like people when they comment it's
like they're like commenting that you're
funny right and so I think that that's
like a obviously they're not really
coming to your videos right for like Oh
like oh this person's attractive they're
coming for your humor and like right
right out they give enough Madison
Madison hates I'll goes that's the name
of this video now thanks I'm really glad
you got that internship
what if someone said to you like you
could tomorrow have a channel of 200,000
subscribers you can do anything with it
but you have to drop out of college
oh boy what would you do I don't think I
dropped out of college I really want to
get it like finish my education and like
I'm like the first of my family to get
my bachelor's so like I really I really
want to get it so I think I would have
to stay in school
what is the yams thing I know how many
games there are look at always yes I'm a
huge iam fans that pull from the
Thanksgiving episode yeah I were like
yeah like that was like I had like
that's candy
no no they're like mashed up yams you
can get them without the marshmallows -
you can just get straight yams because
then it's like healthy now on this
channel you're gonna be talking to one
hundred or two hundred thousand people
okay what is there something you want to
put out into the world now that we're
actually like taking time since you
can't tweet it out to the world cuz why
have a Twitter or Instagram it is like
much over sharing with the world I like
it I like kind of just like I have like
one thing that I actually use like on a
daily basis which is like snapchat like
I like use that to communicate with
people you shouldn't have told us now
that you can every variation of your
name do you only do direct ones for the
most part I mean I do stories sometimes
but it has to be real good real good
make sure how many people actually see
your snapchat well like now like then
like in college like I've got more
friends yeah why'd that get weird oh we
have a feeling when I started out I was
a boyfriend Vince my mom yes four
friends in tomorrow although your mom's
your best friend exactly on average like
I would say 80 people maybe friends that
like I don't necessarily like see
everyday like friends that I went to
high school with
isn't that like all of the other social
media as well you can do the direct and
it's not as like public like if I tweet
like yeah you can put it on like privacy
but then it's just like I don't know
like you have to say like how you're
feeling and then everybody turns it into
like this whole like I'm so sad today I
don't know I just feel like pictures are
better
what do you mean you have to say how
you're feel like I don't know I just
feel like every time like I look at like
my friends Twitter it's all like like
emotional like boy stuff don't let him
get you down sweetheart like you're your
own woman and I'm like okay like I'm not
trying to type this stuff out like I
can't keep up with that and then like
Instagram like you have to like people's
picture I don't know I just feel like
there's just so much that I get I don't
know I get overwhelmed I just feel like
let's just send out a quick 10-second
snapchat call it a day you don't see it
again and it's gone you're more like a
drug dealer than anything because you
don't dabble in it well you dish it out
pretty much for sure that's exactly what
I do so like if you do a video or if you
do a picture
they went under your skin can be saved
without it showing as screenshot yeah
like I would never know yeah like oh
sketchy people on there like that's what
I mean that out of 80 people
yeah like but it's only 80 people
there's no there's not one scumbag I
mean there was and I unfriended him not
today I think your estimate is far off I
was like I have a team of six people
one-third of them are probably scumbags
so do you think that like being on
social media takes you away I think it
does I think people are less inclined to
be able to interact with people more
with like comments like it's easier to
like comment someone like oh I'll hide
under your desk but like if you actually
had a conversation with this person they
would not say that they feel like I'd
you know the bathroom is what that in
person never see needs to be jail it's
kind of last thing okay you in ten years
you know what because of the internet
moves so fast let's say five years okay
five five years pass that means well you
graduate like a year and a half yeah
where are you what are you doing well I
want to do as much schooling as I can
right so I want to do my master's degree
potentially get it in psychology and I
know it's kind of different from TV
production but get as much education as
I can and then try to apply that in
whatever career I end up in how do you
think psychology would work with news I
don't know I think understanding people
and like understanding like the mind and
like the way it works you're able to
like relate to an audience more even if
it wasn't in like news like I would do
something maybe in like
Criminology so like understanding like
criminal mind behavior so jumping into
that I know it's kind of like who off
the killed her but like on is like
everywhere yeah I know
there's just so much I like want to do
like one week laughter so my class yeah
I'm leaving a next Friday
I feel like we learned um the audience
still gonna hate me because I'm not
gonna give out your social because I
think that you definitely want your
privacy yeah um but but thank you is
about say thank you for your service
thank you I think of course I just try
and that's the end of this video thank
you for making this weird for me
internet love you and Madison I hope
that you you run a news network
psychology and hunting business Thanks
whatever it is that you want to do thank
you
Oh
