hi I don't know why I'm whispering but
today I'm very excited because I just
got two things in the mail I knew one
thing was gonna come it's this giant box
which I'm gonna open in a second but
also roosterteeth apparently sent me
something it's for me in case you don't
know oh I am Phil Wang and I wonder why
I get random pimples that said I'm gonna
open up this first Oh what I've been
naughty I want to tell you guys Oh
Barney why you gotta be so sweet oh I
already have this cuz I support you I
support you Bernie
without you having to pay me ooh a
hoodie oh this is gonna be the wrong
sizes Anna please know how fat I really
am in real life come on we saw each
other
oh they remembered how fat I was yes it
comes to clothes I'm like just go big
it's gonna shrink it's gonna shrink or
I'll probably want something comfy if I
ever get really sad and and you know
this one oh okay oh it's a big one oh
it's that good good what other goodies
do we have in here oh my god that is a
brick of a charger although it's like a
thin grid nothing will ever be as large
and annoying as an Xbox one charger
documents nice and simple okay so before
going any further Razer did not sponsor
me they did send this to me for free so
keep in mind what this is is this is not
a review that would be an issue this is
me showing you a new toy slash tool it's
a tool that's really a toy it's a toy
for me this is a new razor blade Pro and
it looks like this oh my god
oh that feels oh that feels good the
reason I'm pumped about it is my other
gaming laptop that we recently got
because we wanted to start doing stuff
around the office which we're gonna do
soon earth then later and as a ten sixty
this has a 1080 in oh okay hit the bun
boom here's what I will say right off
the bat I mean I'll use this this
already feels better than the razor
blade Pro before that that other thing
that they had I highly doubt I'm
actually going to use this for gaming
outside of like a turn-based game like a
sieve having razor it also be on board
and they'd probably be like I arrays or
gaming mouse nothing
be as good as a mouse are you gonna say
just my preference on keyboards my
favorite keyboard and a laptop ever just
ah if you like mechanical just listen
alright so while it's setting up let's
look at what we got on the sides we
actually have an Ethernet port which
doesn't seem like it should be a feature
but is becoming increasingly rare which
I do appreciate just because there are a
lot of places I go that use it and then
oh my god have you heard about this
headphone jack thing it's new but I
think it's gonna really take off USB
HDMI USB C and Oh an SD reader
personally I prefer to have as many
dongles that I can lose as possible but
uh I'll test it out for those who care
about the specs which honestly you
should if you're buying a machine like
this 32 gigabytes of RAM i7 that 2.6 and
of course 4k screen and a 1080 graphics
card so a few things have happened since
I filmed I had to go verify that the PDS
was all good give notes do a quick fix
I've also switched into some
roosterteeth gear and I also realized I
forgot to say that the hard drive size
it's 2 terabytes now I want to benchmark
this thing which you might hear the fans
I've been stressing the hell out of this
this laptop so we're gonna we're going
to use first the last Tomb Raider game
even though the screen is 4k I'm gonna
split it to 1080 put everything on very
high everything I could possibly want on
and we're gonna benchmark it back
benchmark yeah all right so we got just
under 60 frames a second now Ike I want
to see what settings I can get out of 4k
gaming high settings forty six point
nine a ver 'add I mean you're not gonna
be doing 60 frames a second with this
but still very good it's like I said
this isn't a review anything like that
I'm a I'm pumped I just wanted to see
like if it could be beastly and i 100%
think it is the reason I'm interested
about 4k gaming it's not just because
this screen is pretty right it's because
I have a 4k TV at home I want to see
what that looks like if I'm pumping that
to the TV I will say I don't believe
that I'm going to travel every day with
this I think like I'm gonna be on a trip
going to Utah semi soon gonna be there
for a week 100% gonna bring this I was
doing one of those like quick San
Francisco one-day deals or half a day
deals I wouldn't bring it I also imagine
I'm not gonna be playing this in bed
while my wife is asleep due to the fact
that it sounds
jet engine starting but I also feel like
I'm I'm over nitpicking just because
they did send it to me and I don't want
people to be like well that's the only
reason you like it I am I am so pumped
about this see what it looks like at
home that's insane
so twelve hours have passed I pulled the
settings down from 4k to 1080p thing it
was incredibly smooth except for like
one or two parts there was a lot of shit
going on and even then is pretty limited
I am just amazed that I now have that in
a laptop anyway the next test is to
obviously watch Ultra HD 4k porn on
and/or just play some other games
probably that I would never watch Ultra
HD porn because then you'd see all the
booty pimples anyway thanks to razor and
rescrew teeth
separately separately they won yeah what
about Saturday
go go
