I already wiped down my entire desk did
you wipe them my entire face cuz Ganesha
whoa did you see that power alright oh I
you doing being super healthy and not
sick uh you know we're doing today
give the exchange yeah did you get
anything I got all I got every single
present oh really
yeah good some people get a look at this
video would go I don't think Phil picked
his present but the real trick is I
picked all the presents no shake your
head at me art being the boss is you get
to lie and people back up your life
right now that's the mom that's the Bob
we're gonna play white elephant right
but after you guys play the regular
white elephant roll so you're only able
to swap twice I think twice yet I will
say I am very competitive when it comes
to this Lindsay and I have talked about
it on her channel there is a couple's
camels white elephant we both work
together oh wait you were there was
probably fucking more we totally stole a
s'mores maker from this child that was
very pumped to have a s'mores maker you
know what I did with it still in my
pantry never used it literally just
wanted to get the best present I'm way
too competitive for like any decency as
a human being alright so Matthew one
more quick question what's something
that you got when you were a kid as a
Christmas present that forever be in
your memory gonna give you a good and a
bad one yeah sure so good Nintendo ah
Nintendo which one regular old-school
Mario Bros the second one which was just
a dream spoiler alert balloon fight
though is my jam I don't think I ever
beat contra oh and the other one is I
got a PlayStation 1 no wait sorry
PlayStation 2 if you've ever gone to it
Franco does I told this story I think I
even uploaded it my mom grounded me for
four was it one or three months then I
get to finally open my present it turned
out it's broken and it was past warranty
so I just had a broken system thanks mom
okay I'm gonna go run ask people okay
you do that I'll just be in here
infecting the crew so they can't enjoy
their vacation I want to know what was
your favorite Christmas present when you
were a kid one of my favorite gifts was
my Pikachu Nintendo 64 and I got I came
from what the game was called but it was
like you could talk to Pikachu and tell
him to like come over go get an apple it
was a lot of fun
what'd ya get you over here what others
64 game did you like Goldeneye
I played Goldeneye went out when I went
over to like my guy friend zone but not
not my home I'm out of here
my brother I open a small box and inside
was Super Mario 64 and we were like wait
a second what we couldn't rectify this
like well we can't play that must but
that means and they pull out the answers
before my brother and I we'd never been
so excited about anything in our entire
lives this is back in the day I got a
hockey stick oh shit yeah they're gonna
make those anymore I don't think
probably most memorable Christmas gift I
should be a little shit when I was a kid
and I would get closed so one year my
parents told me to be grateful for
everything that I got regardless of what
it was and my grandma got me a giant
piece of coal because she wanted to show
me that I was a little shit I got the
Spice Girls as Barbies I probably should
have saved them and didn't play with it
cuz they'd probably be worth hella right
now did you see that movie it's like a
sci-fi spice real little I don't
remember day no no I have never you
remember they that's like the pivotal
system a part they get abducted oh-o-oh
favorite gift that you've gotten for
Christmas I don't believe in Christmas
what why not I just don't celebrate it
no not real okay yeah it's regular day
to me what was your favorite Christmas
present as a kid probably my red
electric scooters like I'd like scooter
around that little neighborhood and it
like would only go a certain when I was
a kid I used to ask for these little
dinosaurs okay we're done that's what do
you want this year I don't ask my
parents for a present about a girlfriend
boy you've said I'll ask my parents for
a girl all right Madison what are you
asking for for some soon I'm asked for
anything I just like happiness mood
family gosh I really that's so adorable
so not ask you for anything once you ask
for a soul can love love oh my favorite
present that I got when I was a kid was
a baby born baby born is a
realistic-looking baby doll that when
you feed her she poops and pees it out
what no I remember that and you remember
the theme sign was like baby born baby
boy
don't cry anymore cuz your mommy is here
I just remember I loved it and then I
would bring her into bed with me and
then she would pee favorite Christmas
present was a fourteen point four
kilobyte modem like fifty six point six
was dial-up that like everybody had
fourteen point four was like load a
picture over the course of the day my
dad got me this gift that was well both
my parents did because they're happily
together they got me this gift that was
it was assassin's creed no cojes oh and
I did I so excited where the white
elephant look all right so how about we
gonna do this okay okay so we have
numbers one through six in the Hat and
then you pick a number and then that
number one goes first and they get to
open it and then number two goes and if
they want one number one has they can
steal it from them if I gifts been
touched three times so two steals it's
frozen no one else can steal and then
number one gets the very like last laugh
and they get to steal anything that's
not frozen at the various the gifts
can't be touching each other because
once you touch a gift you have to open
it go I got number five four two one
Brian yeah I gotta win everything
Brian I'm gonna pick was winning fit I
don't know oh really with me pac-man
Minnie glass a Mexican track no no we
all do how to play dominoes I brought up
chicken foot which is like a game that I
grew up playing and no one believed me I
was waiting I know it was fucking called
chicken foot I thought you called
Domino's I'm just gonna throw it out
there
Amanda's the dick that went over the
limit no how much was that Jamison
Jamison was $12.99 yeah I got mission
Ralph and they had a sale I bought six
bottles and people thing to point out is
that Brian very much wants to keep it
which is when he's taking it of life how
to lie on the site but I don't want to
take it because I mean someone just
gonna steal and give me a shitty gift so
I'm gonna see that Lou Keith just way to
be touch it oh you fuck me on this cool
it makes the balls hover hasn't he try
and shoot this you said that has to stay
in the office he's gonna steal his own
president oh it is my turn isn't it
I'm not gonna steal that Christmas idiot
oh ho ho oh this is killer complicated
video I was going to get this actually
but then it was gone by the time I came
back together
someone must have fucking picked it up
yes you take are you taking your present
oh do I get I'm gonna tell you right now
when we talked about it he was like I'm
never gonna steal from Phil Judi told me
you said what you essentially did was
like don't be a bit wait so now the
still get open there yeah either open a
new one or steal one of the ones oh you
can't feel bad I don't want that good so
it's a pun in the pot oh yeah my least
favorite thing in the world
Oh UT it I was like okay so it's not
like layers a pod like though we don't
think a meadow is it give me another
layer there's something around inside
you're fine I thought there was gonna be
a nesting doll inside of it this up fun
blue yeah that okay so it's like an r2d2
tumbler er2 do you god you suck
ah good to you spill this out of the
office okay gel I actually this is your
metal would you go t.j.maxx baby you
brought back it yeah I'm so angry about
your punch pages open Brian I do really
like this it's a mixology set yeah
that's what as you say I don't think I
need to trade everybody's happy with the
Santa presence yeah a little bit
something a hold my coffee you did
Lindsey here this time cuz you said that
you guys like team up what we both work
together
yes all right what do you do in the film
I was about to actually give you the
honest answer nothing
also have a decent Kwanzaa at a pretty
pretty dope Annika bang in new year
