I just watch the video again and it's
just it's so stupid but it's also a
little bit kind of a work of art because
it is somehow equal parts hilarious and
equal parts infuriating like could you
imagine if I Philip DeFranco made a
video called dear black women and that
video started off with hey black women
here are a few little things I think
could change up in 2017 to be better and
that was followed by a min and a half of
condescending down speak where I'm like
all black women are like this and black
women are stupid this way and black
women they're ridiculous this way am i
right everyone else if you realize how
fucking stupid that is my career would
be over and done like I understand that
there is a historical power difference
this we're talking about a majority
versus a minority but like you realize
that in something that is all about you
know be more open-minded and inclusive
you're you're being exclusive and and
hypocritical and really fucking stupid
it's it's amazing like I do not know if
how many layers it went through for
approvals but you're fucking stupid I
hope that you realize that and you're
not thinking like it's us against the
world it's good versus evil like I
hopefully hopefully you you look back
even if it's tomorrow or maybe in a few
years and you go like oh that was that
was the fucking worst way to start a
conversation with hey white guys that's
really really good
