what are you doing here I came here just
for the coffee every now and then I come
and I grab a few pockets about me
and some coffee and that's how it keeps
going what are you really doing here
Lily I'm doing um a toyota spot with mr.
Will Haynes we're trying to teach him
how to be funny and we only have a day
to do it I'm nervous
is it liquor in there absolutely
hey today we're doing some real hearts
thumb doing a stand-up comedy show and
it's not gonna go well I don't have any
jokes I didn't write any you know any
jokes no I just thought I would just
live it you have people writing jokes
for you
no they're just gonna tell me like what
I have and then we'll try to build it
today you know you guys gonna fight yes
and every now and then I'll like give
instruction and then we have it ro be
light it'll be usually James or Keith
and they'll be like what are you talking
about and I'm like it's right there and
I'm like I'm like this close and
annoyance to be in like and then I'm the
asshole cuz he's actually there right it
wasn't there you got to trust the editor
put it there to make you not look like
the asshole that you are sometimes got
it put Phil back in his place preferably
back in this place no it's me in my
place I'm just gonna be a raging asshole
who's always wrong okay bye and getting
that room Phil you get don't you get yo
so hard you doing tell them more cameras
today no bro if we can you're being your
stud though you look studly look at you
why is it the bicep muscles you could
clearly see yeah yeah are you doing
today we're helping we'll film this
thing four persons are like where we go
in a car the hell are you doing here I
was invited here by mr. will aims to go
over some comedy and to come up with a
set for him to say live on stage to the
masses we're trying to just kind of go
over joke structure and it's good I'm
gonna be a life sagir win
Elliott Morgan huh he looks like a
ladies don't run from Jimmy angel
yeah it's very hurtful I wish you
wouldn't upset but it's okay oh hey mr.
fuzzbucket hey Mike you touch me
love you Lamar oh she looks like a
puppet I don't want her being a trash
doggy no dog Billy don't be a trash Tom
yeah okay everyone change I get it out I
do I do
she looks like when people make a puppet
of a dog is she sweet is she sweet girl
she's not a cuddler she's not
emotionally available that's why I like
her so much she needed actually I need
someone to his door me oh no no she's
not gonna do that
hi Billy it was so good when we met
she's drinking water out of Elliot's
how'd the show go it's good it's a
little shorter than I thought it would
be but uh how short is it it's it's less
than 10 minutes I think it might be our
first show under my 8 minutes in a few
months
what happened Phil I don't know there
just there wasn't a ton to talk about I
guess yeah what else is going on today
for you Oh for me you know I'm I'm
asking about you field I'm Brandon I'm
getting lunch delivered Woody's level
next level gonna be intense I don't want
to talk about it come on gonna taco I'm
gonna taco delivered to me right talk
about I don't want to comment this is
just shame I just feel shame talking to
you at least when it's just inside I
don't have to to throw out into the
world with a piece of garbage I am wait
let's not go about for me I'm like you
know what I got a lot of work to do
there's no shame boop boop boop
someone's gonna be here in 40 minutes
with my food but when I say it out loud
to you that I've made the decision to
put Taco Bell into my body and further
hurt my health now I feel like garbage
and now they know about it and they're
like still we're disappointed we Phil
who's yes we'll listen taco bell's bad
for you uh just common sense although I
mean anything's good for you
uh we're not good for you nothing's
nothing's horrible for you as long as
it's in moderation did you hear about
well today funny stuff is a comedy
comedy danda stand-up hasn't he done
stand-up no he has
no no no he did that podcast live show
but that's different when you're out
there by yourself have you done stand-up
before know maybe if at least half the
audience like knew me and it was like my
fans but like the way that people test
material where they just go out there
and there's like I'm just gonna bomb a
few times until I get into a groove
horrifying I I don't know don't do good
that huh see I mean I'm stuttering now
do you have any jokes in your back
pocket I have a joke what why couldn't
the dog rent the apartment why because
he couldn't sign the leash
how's the joke writing session coming
it's going really well yeah it's fun
it's fun I like talking about jokes
sometimes more than making them you have
a very like intense way of thinking
about it to like you like would really
break things down very analytical
you know the bubble thing that's fun
that's fun yeah weird let's do the
bubble thing we'll talk about how you
went to New York recently and then you
kind of do a little tangent about like
what what is something that you think
about in New York's are like yeah I
think it's sturdy I don't know how I
feel about New York man what do you mean
it's just it's so gross yeah we look at
the anti-air me working with you you
don't have anything deep has the same
thing I don't feel like I feel like it's
so Emperor's New Clothes I can't even
handle it everyone's like oh my god New
York so amazing I'm like it's disgusting
the best no it's not a bit it haven't
been anywhere cool then how do you think
wills gonna do tonight if you like when
he's like I want to change the world
really cool what some things that you
enjoy or have perspective on he's like
no I got nothing
that is the YouTube generation in a
nutshell so change the world how oh no
it's we what somebody else goes I think
he's gonna do good he's got an audience
of people that love him I think that
he's a really good at being a lights up
kind of dude I hope he is lights up is
doing a lot of people panic and get
flustered and get all weird and gross
about things but then the second that
the second that lights up hits paper for
the glasses back on yeah I mean the
pants come I would help him with he took
on his pants maybe we should put that
down okay feeling well Oh nervous and
nerves doing a practice session yeah
stand-up comedy special to me it's hard
sometimes have you done it before
yeah when you really care about
something it's hard to do it when you
don't give a fuck you can go out there
and be like yeah they didn't give me any
advice and performing yet so that's
about to happen yeah I should doing a
practice run all right yeah Todd you
know when you go down and you don't know
anymore that's how it comes out
sometimes how you feel about your jokes
oh I think they're solid we run together
and there's a lot energy coming from a
lot of different people so I feel
comfortable in that
well we are getting ready to go to
flapper how do you think he's gonna do
think he's gonna bring it
trying it will get energized route how
about you you'll happen I think he's
gonna do a beautiful job I think he was
playing it up a little bit as far as his
ineptitude I think he's got a lot inside
this just gonna explode once he has
sustained you'll have a lot of faith and
who the hell are you I'm Eric I'm the EP
weren't wearing that shirt earlier I
know I'm switching it so I can be on the
Friday show look it shows half done
already magic the magic also I have no
energy because I got two hours sleep
last night what do you do when you wake
up I couldn't find any like melatonin or
anything to help me go to sleep and I
was just like wide awake at 2 o'clock in
the spring Jess and I got drunk like one
night like a couple months ago yeah and
we were so drunk we're like you know
this takes a military worst idea I have
the worst ideas when I drink is that the
lamest thing you've ever heard I got
like we got like super drunk and we were
like let's take some melatonin it was
like let's get some drunk lucid dreams
going you know you would take melatonin
after you drink yes I did it once I'll
never do it again
I'm judging Joe melatonin is like the
least damaging thing I think that you
could just be like let's just do it
yeah let's fucking get high up melatonin
alright well we'll have fun
I know go what time is the show I think
it's at like 5:00 perfect time for
comedy well that's the thing it's an 18
and up show because they're ppl fans
which I get they're like a little
younger but they don't what a comedy
show is there's a two-drink minimum
cuz you everything's funnier when you
drink and Will's not gonna have that no
I hope he's funny sober well I'm gonna
go see you guys tomorrow
have fun bye let's make sure it make
sure you cheer okay okay sometimes when
the audiences are fucking small at
YouTube audiences that really polite so
someone's got to start I'll laugh for
you Phil say this Phil's this laughs
from Phil I'll go hahaha
are you excited for the show I'm super
excited for this show what if he shows
up with no pants that's not a problem
you decided for the show oh yeah how do
you think it's gonna do tonight
you can tell wall anything right now
what would it be give me your wallet dad
you see will ya I'm excited what if he
sucks I mean if he sucks you know I
might just walk out so what if he does
great what are you gonna do I might
still walk out
John what the hell are you doing here
well I'm just trying to give will some
moral support
but I also kind of want to see them fail
we'll see you don't stand it before no
honestly I don't even like standing up
that much I'm just I'm good right we
just did a great bit that you missed my
camera here's the human bit machine yeah
bits of you bits all the time
when I'm dressed like this when I have
the headband on I'm well equipped to run
away from all of my feelings
so we did it have you feel growing I
felt really good too honestly I really
liked and do it doing it a lot I'm glad
I got that off my chest I want to go do
it all over the country now I think he
did great honestly I was laughing a lot
more than I thought it was going to and
cried a lot less so I truly doubted well
I don't know if he was camming enough
earlier when he was acting oh yeah he
brought it I was floored I was
absolutely amazed he did that a day
yeah yeah that that persona he brought
it out the stage presidents presidents
his stage presence what was on fleek so
head it will do good great I was like
nervous for him but he really did very
very well especially when the lights
came up and laughter happens
he knows he's ready to do very he did
really well you know you learned and
wrote and did all of that today
yeah great Riley I can't believe you
memorized and I'm gonna be honest it's
been me and nicest thing I've ever said
about will Haines yeah give the lens a
big kiss I don't want to do it please
I haven't we
