remember that time that you you were
wrong about what Seneca it was by 20
days look I love the you are dressed
like this I don't give a shit so many
girls come out to be like hey what's
with the onesie I knew be like hey
what's up I'm gonna get so many numbers
today yeah or a 3-man SantaCon so I say
we're in downtown just so you know I've
abandoned you know hat come on that's
what I'm rocking this all day like you
have to we're in downtown there's tons
of bars let's have our own three man
sanic huh I'm done with that right come
on quadrature hey I'm always down
alright so Kevin's got a plan
alright so our plan is we're gonna go to
this far than I like called the one up
it's just booze and vintage video games
dope dope dope man also I've been always
recognized for the first time today I'm
gonna have a hard time explaining this
yeah I can't wait for the subsequent
tweet just saw Philly D in Santa gear
with some weirdo in a onesie yeah I'm uh
I'm a little drunk
but since we started recording yeah we
gained Bobby who's a who's Santa going
to sleep I like the rope now it's a big
image in go you should go first if you
like cuz Bobby won the last year on the
pac-man I like to go first you go first
yeah room one porch Richards a dick and
took one of the pot oh I'll go bean that
was a super dick moves but super dick
move let's see if this can play
over here you're gonna go for it yeah
yeah I'm trying to think how low how low
can you go
hello oh wow Min Ah with fish I can't
tell I can't tell if it's about you
oh wow I would say I would stay away
from this side I think it's already over
there's packed too well oh wow you got
you got you got there you go oh yeah you
got we've got would have what's it
what's it what's it like being the guy
that did it it feels good feels real
I'll help you yeah destruction from
porch you got dancing more bright when
you go that way too much to drink
already
Bobby Jennings fuck you
pressures on that looks really tough how
are you gonna do that
you can't do shit right now at all any
hair like right there yeah yeah you uh
that wants to fall so bad you're gonna
get put on too long Oh
okay I thought for sure you gonna leave
it like I don't know if your audience at
home can tell but literally
oh it's Dilton if a mosquito queefs on
this thing it's gonna fall
Kevin why you keep using two hands bro
in every stray spewed into 60 seconds
let's watch Richard get in three seconds
Wow Richard just Richard makes it look
easy this is stupid
wait am i next
yeah no gotta set it over there
there we go yeah round three four
started elimination round so we can have
a champion because why do anything if
you can't be competitive wants to fall I
am so shocked that in Paul this is like
scoliosis Django's you guys look that
bad on camera but in person it looks
like this watts to fall over it looks
like being fucking held by an x-men the
hood leaning tower Pisa I might as well
get my generic cliched Instagram photo
in that shit buddy put it back o fault
and balloon it smells I want to see how
all so bad I got a channel making her up
right rock top shut down shop Oh
Oh Richard no it's not gonna work man no
Savage is my right break it no don't do
it
oh it's gonna fall no it's not guys it
up there
it's gonna see again welcome to Denver
there's nothing that doesn't go to the
right
let go yelling yo you know it's gonna
fall all the other you're burning all
the other ones you're moving all the
other ones it's that way oh if I had a
red card that was such bullshit did you
see that all right James Keith whoever
the fuck is editing this blog I want I
want an instant replay right now it's
legal I don't think that was legal
I think the instant replay is going to
show that you cheated no it's the same
thing as when you're going to the center
and you have to slightly push up that's
it
it didn't nothing fell off nothing fell
off you know what hey fuck you save a
nation I want you to tell me in the
comments below I want you to tell me in
the comments below uh it feel cheated
cuz they're gonna all say I cheated
because they want to give me shit they
love it so now I'm up now I'm up I'm
like mom bruh you got this oh god Kevin
you might get it oh my god
I feel like that guy in the movie that
was like cut the red wire the green wire
and I cut the rice I want Damon I'm
gonna riches Kevin's out now we skip
through that I'm out I was really
surprised you did that
so Bobby Phoebe round four for Jenga
wiggle Jenga okay well I'll tell you
what I'll give you a shot at putting
this back where it belongs with this
this you kidding can we Google Jenga
rolls oh you fucking shake masses knee
joint life is a man oh man I can show
you that right now
asymmetrical right so you need to put
all this downs of flattest club or I
ain't moving it let's go let's go Felix
D I told you he was little instead of it
they all need to move that would make
sense if all the pieces were 100%
alright metrical and I would say that
you at least need to move this 75% you
gotta you gotta keep going yeah I'll
keep going with these I'm gonna measure
how did you bring the tape measure isn't
it car I feel like I should just give
this to Bobby what's like a so you can
film at least eyeballing you can get it
within a half inch then I think that's
fair and you're almost he did it
in my estimation I think that is fair
tonight move I didn't touch me who's
your turn it's touching I just fell a
just fell are you kidding you didn't
touch it
there's an earthquake I'm just saying
you're the closest one to it is it wrong
I know hey I I think I think just so the
rest of the night could be good Bobby
won hey baby
so according to official Jenga rules
it's it's after your turn is over or ten
seconds after you leave the block on top
second TV all right so he did it 2:04
all right so that's when it tips what
what time is this time told me let's see
224 it was up for 20 seconds
technicality I still want you had to go
look at the rules before take that
LeBron I'm so glad for a second when you
had your shit open I thought it was just
like your dick was I oh sure
for once he doesn't have a public boner
time for like four hours of doing other
stuff we have now found other people
drive to Santa exactly I'm not crazy
Kevin I don't know you're making a
choice here yeah God Kevin you weren't
wrong you weren't wrong there Santa's
and there's reindeer and this to you
guys Santa con is real it's real
unofficial Santa Khan is also real yes
if it's real I wasn't crazy
a lot of ladies here tonight been
naughty
some of them have been nice I don't know
DeFranco gonna pay
