are you gonna act like the first time
you just came into this room and then I
didn't most are you sneaking out but not
in focus
oh actually I wasn't filming Phil oh is
that what happened you know what today's
gonna be when this video is uploaded
no it's gingerbread house day Phil we
gotta get into the Christmas spirit Phil
you love Christmas you like this makes
me it makes me hate social media why is
every day a holiday some days just days
some days aren't a day where it's like
oh this is a dirty
nobody anyway but gingerbread houses are
cool it's a national holiday celebration
what I did is I prepared a gingerbread
house oh you got to follow me on that
you got to put a goddamn roof on the
gingerbread house take a good look at
what you think you have to do you got to
put this you know oh you have to blind
I've got a a I'm gonna blindfold you and
you got to put the roof on yeah that's
why I make sure it what didn't say like
sexy bitch got a squeeze hard you move
it just move it
where'd you move it I don't I'm so
scared I won't touch did you move these
two right what yeah yeah that's a little
better where am I oh where I am in this
everybody would be what is this is this
the fuck did you diggin yeah oh do I not
have enough cream on look what your eyes
allow you to do Phil amazing right hey
Steve good job bill ooh hmm baby bird
hey guys do you want to make a
gingerbread house yeah yeah no fucking
way oh hell yeah oh hell yeah what about
you oh I'm so ready get into the
Christmas spirit sweet I'm gonna get all
the goodies there take a minute and do
whatever the hell you want to guys like
Christmas yeah that's one of those
things are like whoa it's like chocolate
no I have no right this is all you got
bro come on yes
a lot of ideas yt trail time from the
door yeah something was happening in
here there's a murder this looking nice
Oh sprinkles is that mean yeah we got
some mail
some people might mistake in that for
icing like little green guys want to
contribute to the ninja bread house sure
how mad would you be if I differ on my
Twitter handle you can do to go outside
the box news I just think I'll try
there's some graham crackers there that
you can make an extension to the house
if you want you can build a person Kenny
come on take some stuff no I'm making a
body for the blood Oh me it's hard to
write with Soraka my eyes are sriracha
oh that's great
can't build a shank out of this
another look at the shank and wops and
leave the murder weapon next to him okay
oh here you go camera you're so festive
Joel do you want to contribute to the
gingerbread ass I don't want to
contribute to it but I want to take away
from it with my mouth is that possible
there anything inedible in here I mean
there's a Mayo
it smells like yep there's a sriracha I
suddenly am NOT interested no one's used
to me kisses yet it's very simple but
it's very necessary because I've never
seen a house it doesn't have a big pile
of dog shit and I'll make a little puppy
Halloween taffy it's gonna warm it up
alright we'll be cuter than a dog is a
reindeer oh fuck shit yeah no no I swear
this is gonna be cool hey you want to
contribute I I need a watch down from
Joel wash down or wash down what you
contribute something while you wait okay
Oh kind of cool that reindeer oh my god
that's good walleye voila
bitches merry Hanukkah I had a little
drink I made it out of clay making a
little pool but as frozen overs was an
ice ring looks like he's humping the
house now he does well my to write help
me in ketchup
it's a Racha oh no what is this are here
it's a pool that's a hole yeah it's a
pool is there a tea bag I don't see a
chimney on here I'm gonna put an express
chimney you do I don't know what I'm
doing I there we go
Santa's gonna fit there do you want to
bag in the in the chimneys yeah
smoke it count Oh looks like smoke
yeah oh yeah snowing yo you got some of
the pool diving board Matt would you
like to contribute to the gingerbread
entirely too sick to be anywhere in your
own damage like contribute I do please
do whatever hill you want you're like
Christmas I love Christmas I just lit a
candle today that smells like a Douglas
fir oh yeah sweet doesn't want to answer
the gingerbread man I punch it are you
gonna do see where are you adding into
that you sriracha wait what are you
adding garlic season 5 so I'm gonna eat
this what's that one pepper the Apple oh
it smells awful
nobody's contribute the crickets yet I'm
thinking about crickets you're right
there we're really kind of fuckin karate
we're just trying to make it nice not
even a mouse was stirring but a cricket
was this was fun what oh it's snowing
snowing daddy look snow oh that smells
you guys want to add anything to it I'm
gonna do a little Mickey Mouse
mayonnaise the glue that holds families
together
it looks more like deadmau5 than Mickey
but you know take it there it is that's
one Joe died Keith won in on this yeah
we good it smells so good
it smells really bad it smells so bad
like I'm gonna throw up like I'm so
sensitive to smell IV never made a
gingerbread house in my life now's the
opportunity right now get a little more
juice this Christ I'll paint it yeah you
go chocolate right little bit of spice
oh yeah he's got the right idea
yeah dead cricket yeah little walk away
Oh tip there get on hit me yes yes we go
now sprinkles oh we got a dick dick Oh
Christmas dig there what everyone knows
about the traditional French chili -
some Christmas titties yeah I got chalk
what kind if you want some pink little
these people obviously get M&Ms but that
works you but a little more yeah drizzle
it that crystal how's your nipples Greg
got a little excited man it was like
Bette Midler's diaper in here hasn't
been washed in three it certainly has
not calm it's a condom yeah Sarah is
having a young boy delivered to his
hotel room tonight just trying to be
responding officer hi Ricky - it's a
little different than when I saw it a
few minutes ago they smell are those
crickets that's pretty good what's weird
looks uncomfortable yeah that was really
good Oh
this is a video anybody want to take a
bite anybody anybody hundred bucks
hundred bucks
yeah not my money boy yes hundred bucks
where let's see it yeah yeah yeah mom
it's all smells all day crickets Haley
Joel I don't see you look at you are you
not applying like I am worth far more
than others don't East 150 I see the
cash burn yeah anybody with me Joel
that's not true alright Phil here it is
hi why did you get minis we're gonna
take about your home no I wouldn't trust
that I don't know what smell what's
cream mmm
just try crazy we're just hanging out in
the pool there's crickets I'm sorry guys
is anyone brave enough no I I dare
people to do it for 100 bucks that you
would pay them nobody would do did you
actually
yeah send $100 for from Phil is this
right off Phil what do you do with it
