guys we are live so how to look in the
back man in the chat and all that stuff
let me know how it's all sound and Luke
and if everything's gravy sounds great
okay
flippin camera okay guys so what are we
playing today what do you mean what do I
mean Keith it's the Justin Bieber song
we're playing anybody want to explain
how this game works so you get seven
cards everyone gets seven cards kind of
like you would on like cards against
humanity' and you pull the person who's
so it's my turn I pull a card oh look at
the me my god I put down here and then
I'm the judge of this meme and they try
to play to me so like what am I gonna
think is the funniest and relatable to
me they put all their cards in I read
them out I think and then that person
gets that meme and it says that the
memes that you win represent you so I
don't know how I feel about it
okay that's it so the rules are the
first judge is the person with the most
Instagram followers who is the who do
you think has the most may I feel like
we know that answer hey judge infers I'm
a mama mama you guys good also this is
Joe's first time I think yeah initially
a live stream yeah on the gaming lives
all right so wait what do I do I pick a
card so yeah okay click the card I need
antiques to me okay let's see do I have
to do that one speaks to you Joe he
looks like a like a like an old male
model yeah that's you in the future yeah
smoother future keep that in mind
that's me after show
all right is indoors wearing a scarf is
a nice sweater that's a facial here it's
going both it definitely won't be me
you're not gonna go bald you know how do
you know that as your dad long no I mean
you don't know Joe sometimes things
happen would you wear a lot of hats
no that's cause baldness I'm only on the
weekends it causes baldness yeah if you
wear too many hats of moisture well shit
it's okay so read them all to them let's
put the a put the mean in front of Jim
Bucher me all right those questions by
the way guys we use really well someone
for $10 a yeah team Joe yeah number
watch jada jada 16 teen when your
outlets up when your outfits on point
but your date cancels on you last minute
when the table next to you orders after
you but gets their food first works when
you're like really hungry when your
doctor asks if you're sexually active
look at it's pretty funny honestly I
can't I kind of like the table one only
because it's like a very subtle fuck you
you know yeah
first on the board Oh Kristy got the
grand partners letter in soccer fucking
shocker one was was good though me
sexually okay girls I was close but that
was a little different let's pass the
easel to the left and joins is the new
jet Joyce
yes oh wait shit I think before you came
to make sure you had seven cards at all
times jeebus valenzuela hey Joe can you
blow me a kiss
you'd be knocking that off my bucket
list Joe
the two fingers gave me goose bumps
who's your Kotani soul of all of you
favorite drinking game
the one where I finish the drink battle
shots is fine we play King's Cup a lot
of shots are you battle shots like
news/bad like battleship like you sunk
my battleship oh we play a lot of kings
cup or circle of death slap a ho is a
good one what is all my Texas people you
should know what that is have you played
miniature flip Cup with the mini the
mini shot glass Red Solo Cup Senor gotta
get the ball it's like this big it's
crazy alright alright guys Kim Jon
saying what would when you text her a
good morning beautiful and she replies
with all thanks buddy when your
president tries to grab you by the pussy
oh and your douchebag friend pokes holes
and all your condoms and you end up
getting his girl pregnant
oh that's not a wise I'm gonna do thanks
buddy yeah alright so one Amanda one
Christy zero for the men it's a ladies
game hundred dollars from doctor doodle
pie says love you guys and all you do
what kind of cat can't the monkey to me
although now I'm seeing it's both kind
of I just that's not cute
that's creepy you're supposed to pick up
a new one after each yeah
you just give her a thorough week okay
all right here we go
when you realize Guy Fieri makes
millions of dollars a year eating food
when you hear someone talking shit about
former US Vice President Joe Biden when
you block your crazy ex on everything
and they send you the invitation to
connect on LinkedIn that is very James
James put it up to your face show that
show the crowd waking up every morning
see chat we found him congratulations
you have so many times you showed up I
missed it oh is it my dream yeah
Amanda's turns past the easel oh what's
mean guys answer those questions they
don't even have to be super traffic
super chat but slam dunk that bitch
right did you match me what the f is up
fan pretend Canadians thanks by the
shirt for this look where the sexy James
poster
Kristi wants it coming out lots of
people know Becky Davies next month all
right Becky Davey says sacrificing sleep
for this but worth it midnight
oh yeah where's here where's here when
you try a tall for the first time listen
Joe boys can do it over here when you're
watching the movie with your parents and
there's a sex scene you want to start a
conversation with someone but you're
fresh out of xanax
that's too fucking real can Joe please
tell me if he got my Amazon package I'm
gonna go with xanax damn who's that
Oh God see you man Christy's got to game
point for Christy Christy no one look at
the screen for the next few seconds
which one you whiche when you think of
Christy look at this feet don't do it
wait we're playing Durrell and the job
they were playing do strengths let's see
what changes a lot of options why are
all my masturbating why are we playing
it early it's office three unless it
goes to phone
Christy wins this one that's the game
guys all right here we go unless you
want to go to five
when it's 4/20 and all the cool kids are
blazing and you take a hit to fit in
then die you finally get some booty
after a two-month drought that's when
your only friend is busy I like the
first one the 421 no job you even like I
thought I was close with the last one
but you even turned my notary but not
that one before so someone will be like
alright so James has to christy is -
amanda has Paul yeah wants to know
what's our favorite and least favorite
subjects at school my favorite was
English or art my least favorite was
probably math hello math no math ever
favorite
oh uh theater least favorite history
history yeah Joe Lauren my teacher would
literally just read the textbook my
favorite music or science my least
favorite would be history
cuz I'm awful with dates okay I love
history in college I had to switch
science
I just watch science courses I didn't do
my intro science course until my senior
year because I dropped one every year of
college because I couldn't make it
alright here we go
when you hit the music speeds up when
you randomly remember how small your
Froyo and I know James yep okay has
anyone else out there watch a typical
Netflix if you haven't you should when
my favorite part is the smiling part
it's the best you should go watch it
I was about to watch that mrs. Mary
Mirren Joey might just keep going to
give you a chance just cuz you're real
bad notify first person to 3 or
oh wait wait what's the meme yeah oh
shit oh I love that one skeptical
what a great expression blocking out the
chat so you aren't distracted haunted
faith wants to know random question
James it was for James I was just
wondering what is the longest raw PDS
you had to have had to edit 26 27 that
was main channel for a main show really
and get a whole new hand but you give
all your cards off okay alright take
them from both piles Joe real rule is
you're supposed to be able to give one
of your memes away and you what do we
got here Joe Christie don't look so bad
Joe the answer is no Amanda what a
burger in and out what a burger a
thousand percent
someone said saw Christie on pornhub
Christie for a long time from we're not
I'm modest is he'll send us a link she
got the grant me some proof why are you
on pornhub don't judge him I just don't
very sex positive person sometimes you
just want to i okay listen from a stream
okay yeah all right Christie okay here
we go
I mean there's sex trips when you find
out he still lives with his parents when
you're trying to have fun but remember
how
sad your dog looked when you left the
house y'all play into me when you're mad
at someone but then they ask you if you
want some food
who's it gonna be the doggy home ones
good but I don't feel like it's the
right name for that so I'm gonna do
that's good strategy who are you Joe
alright so we're going on five I guess
we're going til Joe gets one every day
this is supposed to be fired
yeah thanks to me ask him he knows I
know
oh that's coming yeah that's coming
running that guy
Kristine's Joe confirmed come on Joe you
can do it when you're not in a
relationship but you're having
relationship problems relatable when you
mix up your clean and dirty laundry and
you're pretty sure you're wearing a cum
rag oh wow well you should know you
should smell when you had to buy Plan B
so often it's becoming plan a those are
all great
take a picture of these before we move
anything by the way um this is someone's
playing to me Christy and I probably
know that this is you someone said I'm
wearing my crispy socks right now so I
mean I know okay
James is confident discord is go to
DeFranco Lee calm and sign up because we
got some things coming out in the next
few weeks then oh boy
I want to be on there DeFranco elite
give us a question I'm gonna go to Luke
real quick for the whole crew all-time
favorite meme very relevant
give me give me yeah just give me like
two that come to mind corner fades what
the house on fire yeah honestly this
this is one of my absolute favorite
music your favorite meaning Joe I don't
think I have one guys
I haven't found one that oh so far yeah
oh in life but just in life no no just
don't like you big fan of you got it
knuckles you got it knows the way do you
know do it okay very short lived one
when the Nasik festivals over and the
drugs when you're driving in life's
responsibilities but don't give a single
fuck when you forgot to turn on your
Wi-Fi and realize you just use all your
monthly data in the first week I'm gonna
go with the first one with the drugs
like that song by that was Wayne Brady's
you ever had funniest nickname yes
you've ever had people used to say hasta
LaVista Batista to me in middle and
elementary school I think t2 might have
came out around that I liked their greed
oh we're doing James okay we're doing me
remember when Christie had braces why we
not bring that up the backwards braces
oh you do have them in the back Oh
interesting
why don't they just do that then for
kids straight first oh shut up
oh what a Michigan Jesus Christ oh it's
so loud
listen I don't care this is James's time
right now how many people in we've got
4.7 okay look at that
all right Campbell says 4 to 7 business
days to ship and you were counting on
four but it's looking like it's gonna be
seems is rant on what's happened with
him in Amazon lately Amazon FedEx all of
it I'm coming after you fucking shipping
cover when you're swimming in your foot
grazes some seaweed
do you jump do you think it's like a
fish and you like kick it what do you do
I think it's seaweed you're the most
boring fucking goddamn it oh I was yeah
last minute in check for you to see this
I make you that much I know when you pop
a boner while watching a Disney movie
snap into you allowing you watch a lot
of Disney movies I do who are you
calling I love that everyone is talking
about Michigan right now so everyone
read out your scores for me Joe
two two three three all right tree fitty
best of five from pineapple on pizza
Lizzie mama pineapples on pizza James
yeah your name no no yeah your name
Christy yeah
absolutely not mmm what's that we'll be
like a Texas pizza a Texas you know
shredded pork or something on there fool
pork is not Texas brisket we are a beef
state mm-hmm we got $10
well we got when are you going to the
Harry Potter place where is Zack and
Brianna anyway did I miss it
oh well and geothermal went out at the
same time so cast by heatwave of 36
right now so Friday zach is sick
Briana's in the other room working doing
their Giri question for everybody was
your favorite funny moment that made it
promote haunted faith funniest moment in
a vlog and it's weird because the vlogs
are what we lived in our daily lives at
work so I don't know I think one of the
funny parts was was our first comic on
James and we got spray tan that is one
of my favorite street in San Diego with
three of the brownies one boy I was
super tan at the time because I had
come on feel like a trip to Mexico or
some shit I was super tan and I was just
walking he fucking looked like ugly
Diamond Phillips
whoo that moves yo go find that vlog
find it fine yeah find that I thought I
was in black
yeah people thought he was in black face
that we had to be like spray tans gonna
wash up before we have to go out that
night to parties Phil and all the guys
went back to the hotel to take a shower
because they were like we can't go back
out like this if this doesn't wash off
because they were like we can't leave
that we can't leave the hotel but after
I wash it off all right here we go okay
when you realize you've seen the pizza
delivery guy more than your friends
lately when you're cross-checks you cute
things like who's this and how did you
get this number when you're pissing in a
pool and you have different Jenn like
you're not pissing in a pool when you're
stop fucking equipment up why is there
why is there gorgeous on the floor I
know it's almost like it's a production
company what Harry Potter houses do you
think the other players are in Oh
like it was meant for me well a man does
slow the run for sure oh I'm definitely
still there oh you see yeah did you like
slip it in on the precise moment you
knew be your turn no I'm like man shit
Thanks
you hmm
so far I'm pretty sure his word okay
what do you see your side chick strike
up a conversation with your main chick
when his roommate says oh you must be
the girl he's always facetiming with but
you have an Android oh my god no no I
found Android for forever never had an
iPhone before and keep was helping me
beta tests and iPhone he gave me his old
one and and everyone's encouraging me
but you know I don't
it will Joe Joe doesn't just Joe is my
Android buddy yeah and I left him
because my phone is broken can you both
admit that the iPhones better at live
streaming than androids that tells you
that you look tired
I'm gonna go with Android rude - she's
the only got to claim I'm up she was a
good number do you have any pictures we
had that kid already did we had a
different version different meme effect
this is kid famous yes
brother Oh didn't Joe win the last meme
card why did Christy habit
why what are you talking about didn't
Joe win the last mean card has all three
of it Joe has all three of his Christy
has two offers and guys pay attention
it's all good
you spent $10 watching sir wheels I've
been watching since 2009 and you are
also great thank you for all the
memories and laughs what's everyone's
dream vehicle a 1976 Plymouth Roadrunner
you wanted to be lime green with black
stripes and leather black interior I am
gonna build that car one day I want a
Tesla or a Mercedes yeah I want Tesla
Prius no I want Tesla who why use
electric kim sungon explain because we
like the earth hmm James Bugatti I mean
I wouldn't mind a Pagani Zonda I just
really wanna a Lambo yeah
the Murcielago okay cause that Kanye
West song no I just like the way it came
out all right so we're playing through
this kid with a mug shot value when your
dog saw you masturbating and you're not
quite sure if you guys were cool when
you knew the horizontal bump with your
lady do you kick the dogs we talked
about this and a lot of people don't and
I'm like no absolutely not no animals in
the room it's weird
listen they are cold noses I don't need
to be surprised Joe wow did you see Alan
he's show oh come on guys uh winner and
hidden it wrong and she says come inside
me
you think that I would connect to it
okay this this one's my dog ones funny
but I don't see you really connecting
today I like when the girls gone wild
because you all got three now guys asked
us some really personal question oh here
we go Nate wants to know if the four of
you teamed up to survive the purge a how
long would you last and be if you last
the whole night who gets the highest
body count James gets the body count I
think is really easy one yeah i James
it'd be smart about it he'd survive the
longest but you wouldn't need to kill a
bunch of people he'd just he kills he
needed to but he'd escape without
without like having two yeah yeah that's
right a smarter not harder
- James from the giant cross and
Effingham Illinois through him what are
all your shoe sizes Emily wants to know
I wear an 11 I never thought he would be
embarrassed by their shoe size size 9
I'm not embarrassed okay what size are
you behind it 11
okay huge ass foot this is James okay
yeah we're at 35 minutes just to
communicate William says I love Kristi
and her love for penguins thank you
are you getting sick of the penguin love
know what no I love penguins and I love
that people to be stuff to me all the
time I'm a little bit doubt that people
think I want to take how many penguins
have you adopted balance point thank you
okay all right
yeah she's not mrs. popper I hate her
love for penguins well you know what
blaze
everyone in alright everyone's in James
tying your shoe I am putting it back on
I was checking with Sue's either ham oh
okay okay just two white boys with
facial hair and the same hoodie and ten
and a side shoes all right so we got
this this young frog boy reasons to live
when you realize there are seven billion
people on this plane you still can't
find someone to enjoy taco with when you
take her to hammer town for 45 seconds
and wonder why she didn't come fine fine
reasons to live oh he's something has
barely not anyway all right what are you
dog signing in a movie so he has to find
a reason oh I got explaining I think I
mean that was a hammer towns a great one
what a dog dies I'm real sad there are
seven people not to do pie again
when was the first thing you would do
going down
I have questions where am I how long do
I have doing how long do I get home to
someone I make love to Joe you would I
mean you know there's only like 30
seconds yeah you'd be able to 45 seconds
I try robot doing the lesson 15 items I
was 16 would you pay
drop the stupor James which one is it
I'm gonna go with hammer time you got a
head of Christie right wait who is whose
whatever one means look like they're
supposed to describe you oh my god Joe
alright last thing and then we'll say
goodbye guys ask questions subscribe
hey this is hella Joe Joe always on his
goddamn phone outside you can find Joe
go he's on his phone
that's true I feel like these I mean
relatable this is him bro no man the
winner
I got a nut button Oh what mm-hmm
as you me and reasons to live yeah kind
of all over the place
inner workings of Amanda's brain it's
true a little ball of wire yeah okay
guys so that's gonna wrap up our
livestream today thanks so much for
joining be sure to go to DeFranco elite
calm to do things differently back up
join the discord get some awesome
coupons off merch we're doing behind the
scenes stuff of all the new news stuff
we're doing and a bunch of live streams
and more interaction with Phil and also
go to shop DeFranco calm and buy a hat
yeah Mia what the okay guys we haven't
really said it we actually haven't even
told Jo yet but I rolled him oh we
already told that I told you oh oh oh is
that happening okay let's do it let's
announce it the first ones to hear this
oh shit we made it
rule that if we sold 500 hats we would
do a photoshoot with Joe so we hit that
oh now we're gonna do a new one if we
sell 500 more we will do a nude photo
shoot Oh covering some things
oh my god no guys go shop DeFranco calm
right now and if you want to get a
cheaper hat to bring go elite calm first
yeah what's the how many 500 hats 500
more who's gonna buy a hat put F in the
fuckin chat if you're gonna buy a hat do
it can we okay this is the last story
and then we're gonna leave this morning
I'm standing there and I'm trying to
talk to James and Brian we all just got
in and all I hear from Joe is shirts
coming off every morning and I'm just
like okay and I look over and I was like
Joe what did you say your shirt and I
didn't put together he was changing his
shirt I thought he was just taking a
shirt off to live the day and Joe was
like yeah maybe and if you won't work
out - no they just don't work - your job
so welcome to Joe in the office that's a
great day that was fun was there a
comfortable day about hysterics already
get on real but you all have really been
helping me through hard times lately you
all do so much work to put out amazing
content and are truly
Oh God dolla dolla bills memes
