okay what up where the hell we going
we're going to Burger King for what I'm
gonna get some cheesy tots and shove in
people's mouths and commish the fuck up
are you in the tub why you asking stupid
questions did you not bathe this one
that's what we doing today well you know
about those cheesy top story the Burger
King one yeah yeah I have the commercial
with the Napoleon Dynamite thank do you
what do you saw that commercial were you
like oh dope where were you like that's
a little bit sad either those guys go
bank or those guys need some cash and it
sounds like the same thing but two very
very different things you know so I was
gonna go get some tots that is a great
idea I think that it's not gonna be as
special but you look Burger King tofu
you you think things a whopper I said
that I enjoyed a whopper right I don't
want a big fan of fast food I also don't
think of places like like oh my god okay
now think of it right now I'm taking
advice from somebody sitting in a tub
come on it was a great burgers your
money so good okay well you go we have
fun your tub I okay let me know however
like so just work let's fucking go it's
good it's it it's cheese and potato
would you order for sure would order it
will order do you taste anything
is she anything what are you doing here
hanging out they let me in the building
so all day what am i doing look we're
not in your mouth wow that was forward
okay well first hold on what do you
think about the presentation okay second
really are yeah I'm into that yeah okay
what did you do to us though is there a
listing on this first of all what is
your name Chelsea okay
I didn't consent your assets there's
alcohol that there's no actually I think
there might be come the recording I can
I ask a question
hmm it's like
fine wine haven't hit the cheese yet
that's okay
oh I don't know if there's cheese in
this one not gonna lie this is fuck um
where's this from my god what'd you
think about the presentation look this
box they have a great pot ii knows a lot
about great boxes more my dick okay dr.
Cohn potatoes butter fry which you know
aggressive right now
yeah yes I'm immune yeah I hope the FDA
was on point because fat girls eating
put a camera totally well they're not
holy
we're playing the whole game of totter
cold what'd you think about the sound of
me it's a nice crunch I'm not gonna lie
about the crunch what cheese is this
even supposed to be no the cheese is
like a sick glue take it baby burden oh
yeah it's not really that cheesy
it's like marrying American cheese so
it's like pasta keema now eat it
gentlemen cheesy tots and lady on
clothes I don't always come a little bit
already huh yeah some spit I saw you
wipe it on just sure yeah a little
saltier but I think that was just the
hand PG to each other to each other yeah
like know if you're gonna make us eat
this you're gonna be in it I already
hate you and I care good dude damn right
to close our eyes 1 2 3
Oh Gretchen you know what's not bad well
you think apart and put it back I think
it fell out of yeah I got nervous no I
really can't be used to choose that well
it's not an offensive amount of juice
potato thanks forget Chris would you
like fried cheesy tops oh no I already
ate something today that my stomach you
know really my digestive system thanks
you for swiftly moving up not bad a
little bit underwhelming I feel like the
cheese is unnecessary when they'll just
be talked to like I think tops are okay
they don't need to be improved upon but
now let me let me contradict myself a
little bit to take this to the next
level they need to add bacon to the
cheese see that makes sense
okay I'm cheating about right like why
go half way and just go cheese and then
do a bacon ranch cheesy time where the
top is drizzled with range it tastes
like it's supposed to coat my tongue to
protect me from a stronger flavor at a
later time putting a condom over your
tongue oh so that you can eat like
something that you don't like Alexander
nothing I don't like it look it I don't
actually like it
Ali and I baby bird it I can't remember
what food it was Hoshi bars we were
hungry which is weirder yeah say you
want a baby bird in your mouth or he
wants you to baby bird to his mouth
which is which is premier yeah baby for
being a thing that is on the Internet Oh
need a little bit more cheese on a less
top I want my doctor Burger King to get
in there with a big syringe of hot
cheesy goodness and just right on the
inside uh Burger King know how to sell
it it's like a hash brown with cheese
I'm a creep behind - it's not bad would
you buy that if I was real high on
marijuana oh yeah go through a whole
show oh yeah no ketchup maybe a little
French ranch
what is this I've never tried one the
hash Brom you can barely see the cheese
and and then the rest is just straight
like hash brown I mean I think
McDonald's already cornered the market
on the perfect hash brown there's not
terrible maybe cheesier you'll feel it
after about five minutes there's gonna
be a film in your mouth that's
disgusting that's how I like my food I
want to feel it but it does take five
minutes later still there thanks for
this riveting response well you want me
to talk about makeup you went to Sephora
why is that have to be in the video
alright so as a man who wears makeup
yeah like you include it what do you
think about the toss it was okay I mean
you filmed me you saw there okay I think
they're a little bit underwhelming I
also think of my event good you didn't
heat them up right before hey if I got
some mmm fresh tots some sorry
disappoint yourself like the grease is
going you're gonna regret this
what about was the office does anyone
like go like remember what I'm so bleep
I'm blacking out right now Phil okay
you're late your day has been consumed
of just burger but also main point for
eating fast food treat it like a dessert
I was gonna expand on that but then I
that's all I can think of there's
nothing there's nothing meaningful I can
add to cheese Tater Tot video I put a
smile on your face
