it's Melda Frank nobody what are you
doing I was tryin to hit reply all
accidentally just hit forward
I just wanna use Gmail I don't want to
have to use Outlook I have my regular
real life calendar on Google Calendar
then I gotta use this Outlook calendar
then it's like what are you doing I have
no idea let me get to this other thing
though I don't know why in this in this
scenario I am talking on two different
phones but yeah outlook is so out good
joke right I'm like the dad but you got
the dad jokes I need to learn for me so
I can like become my final dad form
are you ready for the big one no not at
all Lindsay and I used to have like an
earthquake kit at home where it's like
we got all our supplies just in case
like chaos chaos in the streets some of
it went bad some of it is like from so
long ago that when we when we really
like blow on some food we kind of like
also sight note and this is horrible
whenever I go for a vacation I'm like yo
California if you could get that big
earthquake out of the way that'd be
great
let all your friends die and then take
their car all I know is the rule of
triangles they used to say just go under
the table now I believe it's you want to
go beside the table because if something
falls right it's gonna be like Shh
triangle the main thing though I'm dead
if it happens in here there's too much
lighting well we realized too there's no
frickin sprinklers either or if there's
a fire yeah what are you gonna do for
the earthquake drill you prepared for
that that's coming so I have I have
probably the most important phone call
of my month at the same time let's be
honest if an earthquake happens I love
you guys oh I'll be thinking about my
team first I'm playing out here on my
own business well have fun Phillip
you'll see yeah maybe I won't see ya I
don't know I want it I want to see how I
think I think it's gonna be a little bit
of shit show all right Kenny
you know what's happening at 131st micro
are you ready for nothing no no no
you're not prepared enough anything no I
just moved here
when'd you move you last October a year
a year you're lucky hasn't happened I
know well hopefully I learned some today
okay this tables pretty sturdy let's get
under it
dissection not a good idea though Kenny
what what if like a beam shoots down
into your desk and that breaks the desk
all right all right Zach are you ready
for the big one have you prepared you
curl into a ball next to an interior
wall interior what can you give me an
example of what an interior wall these
past fans will protect me everything
will fall and then it will form a
triangle
why yeah this will be me that's true
living Kenny said he was gonna go under
his desk feel this IKEA finish for
earthquake is that kind of plan how
about you Madison I do a plan I'm gonna
get into this desk right here you know
what I heard you're supposed to do what
this look a desk over and then make a
triangle of life legs exit oh I'll stick
with him man and we'll see I feel like
he's gonna make it out of all of us oh
well what if you're not here are you
prepared otherwise yes I'm always
prepared I have a kit at home debit card
kit a carton no no you should get a hard
kick keep it in a car and it's always
with you huh that's true give an
earthquake tips here Zack are you ready
for the big one oh man why should I say
yes is this gonna be weird I don't know
man what is the big one though what is
that the boom boom man okay
this is a real creepy question yeah I'm
ready for it I'm right for I really
think this right here Joel are you ready
for it I don't know what he's talking
about it is gross well I know what it's
gonna be we're gonna be a real shaker
yeah
this is fucking I gotta go you know we
have we have a real plan I work at home
a ground control I've got my coffee okay
so what could possibly go wrong but are
you personally planned like at home like
after today are you can go home be like
I know what I'm doing look I'm moving
all my shits in boxes I'm here for
nothing right now where you go a new
house what's the address dad dress is
299 go fuck yourself lame I'm later I'd
let people know how it's gonna go is the
alarm will go off when the alarm is
going off people get under the table and
then once I turn off the alarm to be
just a minute
everyone exit the nearest door and then
find their teams as they're actually
gonna be shaking no I can't shake
there's no like emulator something
simulator like super weird cuz when
you're describing it totally thought you
meant like a sex thing oh look at the
big fellas as it turned out hopefully
lovely is ready for that figure you
ready for the big one the big one
TenPoint oh I'm not talking about inches
Oh God earthquake bro
where are you from I'm from here I was
born in an earthquake I was the 1993
earthquake baby oh no really I wasn't
coming out of there so like your parents
may love because they were like we
survived all the way there like today
it's over so man I think I'm a
Valentine's Day baby are you ready for
the earthquake so ready are you even
prepared like on like at home
now I don't have an earthquake kit how
long have you been in LA bro almost four
years haven't you felt any earthquake
see i remember jumping up out of my bed
not knowing what was happened is the
walls were shaking and everything i ran
to my roommates room without breaking
out no guys ready for the big one yep
cool love the enthusiasm
you know what you're gonna do jenos this
desk probably not gonna keep working cuz
I have a I have a deadline to me doing
it for the content coming two minutes
till the biggest where you gonna go
under the tables to say but I don't know
if it's a sturdy table man
need something like steel legs it's like
aluminum stop trying to get my head
right before the earthquake
hello it's 1:30 this earthquake is late
maybe it's a silent alarm earthquake
hope it's not too loud I don't want to
hurt my ears there's a sprinklers in
here either what the hell this is a
death trap I work in a Death Trip I
guess they're delaying it because you
can never anticipate mother nature what
if that's all in do you hear the maker
is someone's a food chef Whitney gonna
need the table to another table
technically responsible yeah just y'all
know you're dull yeah but you haven't
told us where we're supposed to go what
do we do supposed to follow me like a
leader okay but then do a hook just get
out of the building preferably through
the front door if you're closest to it
and then meet me on the front lawn cool
take roll call guys ready for the big
one this is the shittiest earthquake
it's real cheesy yeah we just move it to
our u-turn after we didn't we didn't get
to go under our table no it goes off a
million times when I don't want it to
can we pretend can we pretend real quick
I gotta find Phil quick he's dead you
got in there
there's man fuck man your dad is
screaming for you survive Kenny go on
your desk
yeah well I won our game desk I cuddled
with that only shouldn't be this close
to the building yeah technically we're
supposed to go down there guys in the
Sun it's like a hundred and two degrees
down there we'll if it goes pandas
Carrizales is a ghost
Ava Gordie is a ghost Falzone ghost
Jessica goes three ghosts
Steve ghosts ghosts fed no host left I
only got ghosts left I just still here
you're safer to enact you're real sweet
Polly you're sweet another surprise I
just haven't got each other to know each
other a lot yesterday just said just
being around
earth makes air spill I had a call from
Ben I had to take the whole edit staff
is dead man censored died in each others
arms
Israel romantic can you reenact it and
then we got good job everybody
Phil Phil got crushed by a pole outside
I was trying to find you sorry yeah I
know you were like I'm gonna get you
before the thing and then that's I
literally got the call right if you
knocked and I was like hi damn it
what perfectly fine though does it mean
anything was it beep music can control
everything then I have a video from a
while ago that came out right after
right after the social network movie
came out it's the song what's the song
creep so they do the like the choir
doing creep you can put that over
anything and it becomes cheap and sad
and dark
fuck
