are you doing here oh I thought it's a
beauty box I was like beauty box
look what fuck did we get that spawn
swear you're gonna get a beachbody yes
actually I'm gonna need you to just be
on a 30-day regimen and I need you to
get like an eight pack a sad I'm
actually starting my diet today really
whatever it what's the diet it's just
just making me food hold on well here he
is
hey dude what time is it it's 9:02 to
your two minutes closing this I got fire
in me today you need to help me move
this sandbag the sandbag the sandbag I
can attempt to get one arm yeah here we
go
holy that that's not too bad there we go
I'm a hand line I'm a hand model mama
the west coast so you worked out for
today
that's it I'm a little winded looks like
you look like I do a little bit you know
I love doing dips is my favorite you got
to do the curls for the girls you know
got curls for the girls for the girls
slacking off what are you doing finding
articles if I bring the camera over
there and look the computer are they
gonna be articles let me see yeah it's a
schedule it's schedule on Facebook are
you I know I'm not you're on Facebook
your schedules is that your account are
you on to Facebook sure no this is
discovery it says discovery you can zoom
in on that that is correct how you can
any1 Facebook today I'm on everyday job
to check numbers and views and respond
to comments on your Facebook yeah look
about use a key on Facebook today your
personal Facebook all the time what are
you doing on it posting shit man
what do you posted mostly sharing my mom
stuff oh yeah we'll just because
Christian means mostly hell are you
doing my job are you on facebook I'm on
Twitter tweeting olan Rogers you're her
personal Twitter i'm on source pets
Twitter tweeting olan Rogers okay you
say he's complimenting Phil and he says
he wants to be on SourceFed oh damn
good thanks all in Rogers
just a man slacking off no I'm actually
I'm meeting at 1:30 Joe oh good Oh
what's that sound
the - I don't like do you sure that you
put the spray bottle yeah just mix it
Ruth that's weird
looks like a farting noise windy no I
feel like I'm cheating on free Whitney
no leave now no no I wish it was
Wireless I took one of his on an
airplane
really did it work so two people look at
that the question is who's a mouth
firing no we've been working on this for
a really long time I'm super excited
would what up I'm at silence you close
the door on any questions it's like I'm
five or - oh the four companies are all
coming together in the next month but
it's so it's not official for like you
realize yeah so when they say source
meant studios that means us as well
because that's what they call us and
then yeah and then Thrillist now this
news and then in DotA the good thing
with like now this news and Thrillist is
they have a lot of access to get content
that they know is going to hit based off
of their tech I think it's in a help
story selection it's also more
importantly going to help our videos get
picked up so it seems like each other
company has their own specialization
there's one thing I would say we have to
which go off camera okay handle violence
ah ah everything's good way to get a
smug Mullins would it be great if we
just traded team members like we're NFL
teams it's like we have elected to to
trade Brian for a first draft pick we
get first choice and Keith you're gonna
be a host now everyone just moves around
in the company it kills you how the can
the guy it all quality everything just
goes down boy to room real quick just
touch the door call butt shots slow
inkling and oh baby you're weird now the
people coming in I have one question
though good fire no sorry got fired
buddy what you're fired
he you fired so how's it feel guys
having your last meal together I don't
know where it's supposed to go
you got new 'ti with the motherfuckers
you have an idea it's an idea it's
called nips and dips it's basically like
you know tip videos like five tips for a
better life but it's just like average
people just shirtless Greg Miller would
be super into this idea that's the idea
I feel like you've told me half a joke
like not gonna be the punchline about
tits with nips so we develop some type
of thing that goes over your nipple and
tip people with your nipple it's like a
little clamp that goes on my local M
I've ever hated a conversation more than
this crap it's just all dumb oh wow
nipson tips calm goes to simply Andrea
calm it forwards Oh No finding love
online does it work oh this is like an
active blog this last post was a day ago
mmm and it's a blog it's a real blog
nipson tips are you guys are fucked all
right new business plan the hips with
nips nips with nips calm
you got that we got an abscess then boom
go to help her we worked a lot put
together and not for that reason I was
probably a lot of angry at that time
when the company was like entirely on
them you with that discovery is
stressful for sure I think also trade
like Trey's been a big part of you
feeling like if I look like the timeline
so when he starts to get mad I just go
hi goes oh I'm safe I'm like oh yeah the
last time I even got angry at you you
know what that's gonna be episode number
one of tips and nips stupid I hate I
hate this conversation again this is one
of the reasons also that I wanted to
document stuff because I think of like
the first day we had we had people here
and my romantic memory is I gave like a
speech about like all the things that we
could do with it
and James filmed it and then got a new
phone and like didn't save it I was like
I have a video of us driving to Google
to pitch SourceFed really and it's you
in the front seat driving it was your
old car oh man
it's a
in the back still like doing stuff on
his computer I think I have it right now
it's 20 2004 we're doing our picture
excited are you excited for this no it's
not not going to video are you dancing
yeah we were like dancing I was like are
we excited really Kevin over there knows
after a month of being up to like 11 at
night building that pitch let me see
that
Zach come on bring that ball over here
well any more cheap there you go
Zach you know what I need
