Joe I got us one role in the show wasn't
ready he's a lazy piece of shit sorry
that's the only thing that kind of went
with that rhythm he's probably a good
guy see it doesn't work out as well I
think that's the only thing that I could
do that would make the the audience turn
on me I'm like I've been talking about
the election we're dealing with serious
issues they're like don't you fucking
talk about Joe fucking talking about the
baby Joe daddy D so we got a package I
wasn't expecting this what if it was
what if it's just like the accessories
for the thing that's big come tomorrow
and we're like really decide if it is
what I think it is and you break it
you're dead we got insurance on it but
lose the cover Phil take forever
together you can look at the packaging
it's like may explode it may explode be
very careful that's how I like my
packages hmm that's so stupid slow oh my
god are you kiddin it's a Christmas Home
Rule and no I'm proposing that's what it
is
will you be mine here's the part where
you should probably read the
instructions so we got the car charger
battery charging up the battery second
battery the battery to power bank
adapter compilers control system and
envelope from your grandma what labias
cables how am I supposed to I think the
case it looks like one of those like
euro man bags it's not a purse it's not
a it's not a satchel like a fanny pack
we have any bitch
hey this time I get a Casey Neistat
video real quick hey Ricky you might
like this
is this a karma or the me back this is
the Mavic yeah maybe or maybe it's the
magnet what you said it's a nice shirt
it's you nicely for some reason
Amanda can say something and then you
say something and it's so much creepier
which part of it all this all just take
the tune I don't know what it is context
maybe the context you put in your pants
you could you should shoot your show
with the drone though well so yes I
agree
jamesy cool with that he said that I
should just do the whole show on drone I
think of ego be gentle
your own personal fan it is if it's a
hot day can you just bring this out and
put it above you for nice air I want to
knock me out it's a portable fan
it looks like when they tell the robots
to pause and Westworld dude it looks
like someone falling from the sky I feel
like a guy how long until we have
personal drones we can fly around to
their tents or do attack season oh no
you can make it really really work it so
I'm gonna get close to you Steve get
underneath aware you can see the camera
okay look
we're gonna do it one more time already
here fight
it's like a pill that is so fast it's
crazy
sure oh did you just click on a map
where you wanted to go no no I'm
controlling it manually look at that and
so it'll cap in a minute at 118 meters
and then if I want it to come back like
if all of a sudden like shit I'm like
lost I just hit home it'll be like oh I
think I know where home is
dude it's like looking at Google Maps
like live Google interests you hear it I
can't see it yeah I can't see another
where it's coming from it is around oh
there it is I don't know where it was oh
that's creepy oh my god
is incredible
that's seriously 11 reveal and what
what's the quality of the camera okay
how funny would be if like bird shit
came out of the drone hit Honda Brie's
car he like run that way Turner that was
amazing it was like tracking him on the
app it had like a little box around him
and it was like following him it's like
a terrifying military robot we're
looking at like with the flashing red
lights and stuff it's a little scared
we're gonna send it that way
I don't trust myself
filly ever seen one of these what is it
dan do something terrible to me no one
does it mean Tara was a gonna pause it
gonna pop out just put your hand out
wait wait wait don't worry he'll clean
it up this is not working out like you
thought it would it will trust me Oh Oh
No
look can't put your hand here it just
feels wrong what's this that's awesome I
love it I love the feeling that's the
thing is it's like very snot colored it
feels like snot
how'd you get that Amazon I know that
there have been so many reviews but it
being in the hands of someone that
doesn't do this all the time like I had
the Phantom 4 even though now they
released the Phantom 4 Pro and and the
the even newer one but this is amazing
when we got the Box I didn't think that
it was it was this I didn't think I do
is small but it's just crazy obviously I
can't compare it to the Karma because I
never got my hands on it before they had
to recall all of them for randomly
falling out of the sky I mean I
recommend it if you can afford to drop
the cash on it or especially just just
the the tracking features my favorite
thing was like someone running or
someone doing something and it going
risk is that if I'm not Iying it
properly or it's at a height where
there's something that could randomly
show up like a very large truck it could
easily just slam into it or if you're
especially if you're filming yourself
like Casey has a few times that where
it's doing the awesome profile shot no
sensor so Brian I could slam into a
building a bridge a bow I feel like
those are kind of just vague examples
but also things he has actually crashed
it it's it's drone it drones into
nothing below saying that was love I
love it that's it
I'm not a review channel big stupid
idiot loves this little tiny gadget
that's it I give it I give it eight
fills out of six gives a kiss good kiss
dont you judge me
I guess a little tongue action oh wow
yeah ma why don't I gotta see from the
side so I can see the actual touch it
it's now I'm gonna hide in it videos
time that's it we've overstayed our
welcome Joe well this has been a great
episode of film tips hey it's a right
it's bill mmm tips yeah it's a stick
