for me hey no all right I feel like I've
got safe I'm so used to you being over
there that I never expected that you
would come through on that type which is
also easier cuz you can actually fit
yeah no I couldn't you can open up the
whole way are you ready for the feast
today yes I'm also nervous because every
time I do this it just saps my energy
away and it's also hard not to not to
eat everything yes because everyone
brought it so you don't you don't want
like one person who brought something
like one person ate it yeah that's the
hurts your soul so it's like a little
bit everything
hell yeah well what did you contribute
uh my personality you contribute
something to spits a potluck oh yeah I
got I contributed to everyone's a
paycheck damn it Fae I was busy at home
it spent on my child cool alright well
thanks for your contribute to the
potluck look like you Joe I'm sorry well
I'll let you continue filming your show
look at those kisses watch yourself
little DeFranco you watch yourself
oh shit down to the potluck yeah
yeah would you bring rookies there
wasn't enough meat there's some mashed
potatoes brought and there's some mac
and cheese brought so I was like we need
meat I'm gonna bring some fried chick
home damn feels good it's like soul food
it's me who doesn't like fried chicken I
love fried chicken again what the hell
is you bring baby oh really
hello Joe hello Joe
I brought pot brownies and I brought
some pot candy and I brought some pot it
seems like you've already had some Jody
hexamer why like pellizzoni go into the
pot we have to be hard or else you don't
get paid they said that they have
everybody's checks at the pot with a
fish amount of the fondue fuck you Bri
well if you fondue have to ask then
you'll find you'll found out I brought
brussel sprouts
you got it when you say hard you gotta
go ha ha yeah dip dip the tongue ah ha
I'm bringing sliced turkey breast for
the whole office and then I'm bringing
your requested rainbow oh shit that's
how much I love you ok
would you bring to the pot look I made
mackerel you made them mmm
where are they they are scratch they
were a pain in the ass Bigelow took me
all all Sunday
I'll send a good wait so they're like
four days old there yeah oh wait
laughing OH their cookies like cookies
are still good a few days after yeah
that's what they are
that macaroons are like you could keep
them for a bit yeah yeah yeah hello
what did you bring to the table sis
another precedent
I brought eggnog I also brought wrong
what did you bring I thought a pumpkin
pie that big pie out the hell yeah
Ralph's freshly made today I talked to
the chef you mean not like Kenny's or
the Baker old cookie yeah yeah four day
old cookies are heard about them I heard
about it
yep everybody knows now Kenny hey
brownie Amon
more girls I don't know the squint is I
brought great how old is it expires in
2018 agree okay cool
you might have to put that gravy on
Kenny's macaroons cuz they're four days
old
oh you excited for the potluck James
that's good it's up sorry no it's
working
what's that plate one what you need for
one touch me oh yeah doing it I am
bringing a super type of casserole did
you make it I did did you make it four
days ago I made it last night
oh sweet yeah it's like real fresh we
got to go to Amanda's so you heat it up
oh yeah me and you we can do little road
trip a little marshmallows on top
roast it bake it whatever you do with it
let's go right now oh go now yeah let's
go fucking warmer everything I got it
should I know the Kiryas come on this
one yes
oh you put the toy okay
beat this up for 20 minutes bring it
back for the office potluck and then
Gorge
so we're dead what's this that's for
adults plant buzz right it's a plant is
it like right plant buzz how's the food
looking great in hi melon Greg in hi no
no no we were you that don't do this
here we go let's do it to my pants try
to drain it a little bit I'm just gonna
not wear pants to do the thing
cancellous thanksgiving still pissed
about my damn paint he's paying everyone
know how many games there are look at
always yeah
happy effing Thanksgiving there's
children there's children watching I'm
looking a costume looking for pants
another costume visit oh you got a stain
yeah it was like butter and oils
my pants are soaking right now so I
don't ruin the Blitz dope though yeah
it's pretty cool right like about to go
to war that's the works forever I'm
gonna try macaroon for the first time
now your macaroon for the first day
there four days old I hate you so much
pumpkin oh shit I'm Philip Stephen and
this is a whipped cream challenge and
that was a whipped cream challenge hello
fucking cream to me you must whip cream
bro okay give me an idea that was your
turn open up bitch wait no realized it
looked way too much like it comes tough
boy it felt weird when you takes a
really long time to clean up your little
bitch do you want some I can't see so
like how you want to get whipped cream
all right
I can't see when thanks you want some
cream
well you know I do buddy do I get in
these little get all over record a see I
really hope you don't either it's good
night just miss the class got it all
over your glasses all right think of
I did with too many guys can't do it
girlfriend
I can't do it it's kind of sexy so do
you mind about it
wait what do you what are you saying
that I should know no way I'm saying
good eatin cook mama have him pammi
macaroons you know we made him four days
ago what was your favorite part of the
Thanksgiving feast from mac and cheese
walk in the room and Madison still going
like my dad what was your favorite thing
Thanksgiving feast um probably favorite
thing I really liked the turkey but I
also realize the yam some of you GM fans
yeah yeah yeah man yes yes yes summer
yeah man are you thankful for me he's
bleeding profusely that didn't go right
at all
you got me cool that's great first
Philip fucking creamed me and now you I
don't know what you guys expect me to
say like good prank
good fucking prank you guys really show
ever taking advantage of me like this in
my moment of sadness
really Joe in the bathroom and out here
you know I'm gonna be straight up with
you I thought there was a dog with that
head like its back legs broken behind me
I feel so bad now all right I'm gonna
try all right you ready ready
what'd you think I think they're really
good four days old oh thank you Joe
that was your face it's good this as I
expected
yeah hired what was your favorite part
or were put food in my mouth was your
favorite the green bean casserole
I saw you see great I didn't even hit
but I didn't get to cuz then it was
fuckin done so you just lied to my face
yeah cuz I was gonna be a part of the
joke face like that I'm trying to get
better at lying that's my that was that
was one of my 2016 oh yeah what a shitty
goal uh hey you know what
I don't hate you for saying that really
work it tell me a truth or a lie we'll
see if your pants go on fire I am a fan
of Spice Girls I don't see any fire I
think that those the night of boots what
are those those boot covers are very
flattering and what are you doing for
Thanksgiving Maya Hawaii let's say
Australia no no we didn't want to fly
across country to then talk politics
okay
Edge's yeah since you voted for Trump
might be kind of hard the thing is
you're joking people be like fucking
knew it
fucking knew it and then by me saying
they'd be like oh I fucking do we vote
for Hillary in a minor was James dude
I'm on to something buddy of Mines
parents has a vacation home there that's
basically a castle the middle oh are you
fucking drunk and sunburned were you
doing an accident where did you stumble
over your words was that make hey hey
bike but avoid little drunk can we get a
shot of his mug that he's still drinking
it oh no oh
is sloppy as Brian Shepard any final
words I don't know how we went from
Thanksgiving to me talking about Oh what
is it I don't forgive him for not eating
my casserole
do you love and care for us Phil sure
