Hey a beautiful bastard so today is
going to be a little bit of a different
day we are pretty much all slammed keith
is supposed to be on an edit but I I
need to send him on a very special
unexpected trip because I got I got some
news this morning
you know what I'll let him explain it
hey everyone its Keith about 7:30 ish in
the morning and I got a text from Phil
to head down to Venice Beach to pick up
a pair of those snapchat spectacles that
I think just went on sale today but
they're only available in like like
vending type machines so he sent me a
link in a location so I'm gonna head
down to Venice Beach go pick one up and
see how it goes also this is not a scarf
it's uh just a hoodie that I wrapped
around neck it's not important okay
let's go don't you just love traffic I
was about to say this traffic is we're
all bad today I'm kind of still in the
valley it's like there was a pretty bad
accident and the road is wide open now
whoo
so I'm at the precise location of where
it is it is called Amanda she told me
that it's that should be around rose and
Speedway and I don't see any vending
machine I don't see any store no pop-up
tent no nothing I'm gonna go to the
boardwalks just a half a block over and
maybe something's there oh my god so
bright we're gonna talk sideways so I
see a bunch of yellow balloons down
there I don't know if you guys can see
it holy shit this is where its ends and
this is where it starts
about 30 minutes haven't moved up far
and the line has grown pretty long
preparing the guys behind me say it's 2
per credit card or credit card
yeah right let's see finally they're
moving the line around not your wine
good discount Matt Santoro
why I'm a review I don't understand it
she voted for Donald Trump you just told
Isaac you want to kiss me
- that's heavy yeah we're told something
totally different every time the entire
line is my man get him - get him - get
him - well that was interesting
not sure what that was about my
passionate hype you're welcome to wait
but I think where they will run out so
we just felt like you're wrong thank you
sorry what is it this is snapshots
releasing new sunglasses with a camera
built into them oh so you don't have to
take your phone out you could just oh my
gosh was a craze yeah mine goes all the
way around to the class only maybe two
people ahead of me
think there's a good chance they're
gonna get at least one I have not
drinking drinking I'm not eating the
word it's the password of drink drank
anything since I woke up around 7:30
I've been in the Sun for about two hours
are they gonna be burned dehydrated
cranky at least it's almost over alright
I'm next
and we did it when I'm black and one in
blue or teal or whatever you want to
call it left the waiting in line for
about three hours I'm pretty sure I
definitely am a parking ticket at this
point but it looks like it was a great
success met some friends and I think I'm
gonna actually go drink some food and
know eat some food drink some water I'm
a little delirious and hot bye
oh my goodness okay once again thank you
yeah I thought it was I was like like
he's gonna get there at like 8:40 he's
gonna have to deal what I got 30 minute
line he'll still be able to rock a
minute I think Joe Joe's like not gonna
say anything Joe like in his heart AIT's
me cuz cuz I broke up the team for for
several hours anyway we're gonna open
these I'm gonna go with party likes a
teal but I know I can't pull it off I
probably would go for the teal yeah okay
that's one we're gonna open up well yeah
very simple turn on your phone's blue to
install the newest version of snapchat
already did it look at your snap code
and press the button one right here oh
thank you bro hmm
okay so it says now looking for
spectacles connecting the spectacles
name your spectacles forgive how broken
and smudge you my phone is ah as an
Italian I'm made up of 97% Greece which
also makes you drop your phone press
once to take a 10 second video snap so
I'm gonna do one of you and I keep
missing where the button is key I know
that as your employer I'm not supposed
to ask you but I need you to get naked
right now all right
also this isn't my way to test these
glasses thank you so it's like it it
lights up and then right when you're
getting like near that last second and a
half it does like a few rapid beats it's
like wrap it up wrap it up it's done
double tap on the side to check battery
level okay so I think it's gonna light
up yeah yeah if you're running low put
spectacles in there charge in case of
all of it oh oh this is so it's a little
more oh wow okay so I was I was confused
as to how it worked to charge them put
them in there like that and then yeah
you plug this deal Oh weird plug this
deal into the back and that's how you
plug in I kind of like that rather than
having to have like some weird-ass janky
thing and then what happens is it goes
to memories my default stories are
imported SD you can import your favorite
stories in HD here so hit
get HD turning on spectacles Wi-Fi oh
wow I have to connect my glasses
security recommendation your connecting
the sunglasses what the fuck this is the
SD version what's kind of cool right
whoa isn't that fucking trippy oh oh oh
that's so cool okay so that was an HD
that was SD it's transferring now so
we're gonna see what the quality is I
would love to see if I download it what
the hell that video looks like I wonder
if it's a square video that's just
really really big I've always been
really fascinated by the idea of being
able to do a day in my life of me in the
sense of like having that where you be
able to film right I don't know and
there's something fascinating about the
10 second thing just because we just did
that video where I got to see Trey every
six seconds so what if you did pop
through persons day ten seconds at a
time from their POV obviously it's
snapchat but okay Matt see let's see HG
oh yeah at 60 frames a second I was like
wow it's so fluid yeah and that's that's
actual producing quality so it doesn't
go straight to your story from the
glasses no so what's nice about that is
like you jokingly you're like hahaha
accidentally get your buddy's dick in
frame he's like no no you're like don't
worry it's just in my memories let me
delete it go into my camera roll oh how
strange so the way that it comes out I
don't know how I feel about that so I
think technically for widescreen you
could still use it trying to think of
how we could use that footage that's
such a weird maybe we could probably
crop it yeah so I mean it has to be
right let's see I think that I mean it
could be interesting for other places
but I think the way that it's built
primarily snapchat that's it I'm really
fascinated by this also how stupid do I
look what those on Lassie if I want to
punch myself in the face
oh wait I'm gonna say oh no I look like
I'm from a rejected future timeline
that's what I look like with us oh man
please please black glasses be better
this shine ticket I can take it serious
why I look like an old person
trying to wear shit from like where's a
young person place I don't know I was
about to say Abercrombie & Fitch that's
still that's probably like twelve years
ago the main thing how much were these
one 29.99 so snapchat is releasing these
small amount at a time
so they can probably just like get
people excited show long line stuff like
that I'm gonna mess around with it on my
snapchat if you're if you're not
following me follow my snapchat I
promise I won't send any dick pics or if
I do they'll be kids stick it's
currently called the defranco fam even
though it's just me but where the
defranco fam even though there's also a
youtube channel called the defranco fam
that my wife runs that is our family
anyway it's all confusing but yeah
that's it just imagine yourself as me
and let me know if I look like a big
fucking idiot
and then I'll maybe let you know if
you're gonna look like a big fuckin
idiot thank you for watching this video
also Keith are you really glad that girl
it and get beat up I mean it would have
been good content oh oh I feel like five
hours in the Sun I'd be hoping to see a
fight yeah at that point I was like
something
