oh my god Phil we have to redo it oh
wait wait hey look I walk into the room
for the first time definitely not the
second time
cuz Joe doesn't plug in his microphone I
don't know oh wait hold on okay I'm
kidding I was gonna fruit of murder
remember that part and that one video we
released were you like people could make
mistakes sometimes
depends on the day motherfucker Nick you
today is not national fast food day here
when you're watching this video it is
it's probably the most sacred of
holidays um actually that is so much
better the first time Joe it's okay will
you do main point
national fast food day is a thing that's
made up but that the the stupid fast
food companies embrace because hey we
got to eat have people come in and then
they get to take a picture they go like
hashtag best food day mmm oh grandma why
don't we keep Dustin actually there are
a lot that actually do eat it and then
they just do a bajillion squats what's
your favorite fast food bill fast food
sorry to the other Californians not in
and out in and out is exaggerating it's
pretty decent I'm getting a shake of the
head here she I think she loves it you
know what I think is actually one of the
best sandwiches probably just like oh I
feel so judge I feel like I'm gonna get
more shit about this than any of my
opinions on my real show like on the
main show I really like the whopper like
a whopper
I think the whopper with cheese is good
you know we're gonna do today why it's
so I'm going to go and get fast food
from four different places
I'm putting it in and out Mickey D's
Burger King and Wendy's and I'm gonna
get a bunch of burgers but we're not
gonna eat the burger so we're just gonna
eat the meat and people have to guess
where the mystery meats from I feel like
you just wanted to be able to say
mystery street challenge okay okay wait
you gotta do the I need the card I need
the money
I promise I'll just go to the places I
told you I'd go to Ryan
get the number and nowhere else just
discovery know that if we get a random
$20,000 charge it's just gonna it's not
me hey bitch how are you good how are
you you know we're celebrating today
what
hashtag national fast food day oh you
ever heard of it not have not okay well
what do you think it is we celebrate
fast food of this great nation good good
work I just went out and I got all this
fast food was in and out known for their
like the fact that he never freeze their
meat
yeah rush meat apparently is fresh for
their burgers never had one because I
gave up bread meat years ago before I
move to LA okay so what we're gonna do i
dis master plan okay I got these
toothpicks okay okay yeah and we're
gonna mark them with these crayons are
these those are crayons right markers
crayons okay you ever cut meat before I
have plenty of times
oh yeah what kind of meat you know
have you ever unwrapped so many buns at
once only in my dreams I put cheese on
it
those bastards I told them no cheese I
feel about cutting all that meat because
pretty good it's kind of therapeutic
almost teeth you wash your hands right
yep I've got turned on watching you cut
all that me or did you glad glad it was
erupted for you what we're gonna do next
is color the toothpicks so we can help
identify which meat is from which
restaurant I didn't really restaurant
salud fast-food restaurant please that's
a phrase I've heard before
how do you feel greasy ok probably warm
it up first right I agree yeah hell yeah
look do it let me explain how it works
sorry Rani
all right so we have 4 different meats
they are from either Wendy's in and out
McDonald's or Burger King you're gonna
take a sample each we're doing it right
here yeah right here me it's coming to
me
meats coming meats getting hot ok 15 6 I
think I'll go
I don't either guess on the spot or you
can like try them and then guess and
then we're gonna ask you to go back and
guess which ones they're all over I'm
gonna take a bite and then I can just
you can guess if you wanna be like I'm
gonna try something to try another one
and then base my guess often I've had
that so don't work on your palate
cleanser no does your spit
alright so which one we do it first red
let's do a the red yes red birch is
where first that's great good oh yeah
shit now your yes'm I need to try no
before I get I'm guessing McDonald's no
what I didn't will looks like blue
burger this is the most awful ones I'm
guessing is probably burger yeah this
one is purple
oh I'm just Wendy's he's very calm
calling about what's calling on a one
day oh man I think it's been now all
right last one the green I don't even
know anymore there's someone it's like
they're taped to my mouth I'm realizing
it's the rest of the burger that really
makes it because so far all does it just
tastes like dried shit I'm gonna say
this one Wendy's soggy McDonald
McDonald's for me Burger King in and out
Wendy's I think so shit you wanna sue me
I'm Korean hash me in and out yeah all
right so for red Burger King you both
got that shit wrong alright Burger King
doesn't taste as bad as I remember it
all right so then blue and out what that
was the worst one one I think that just
goes to show that in and out is
overrated suck at California okay so
purple is Wendy's day
a new confident one out of four I mean
to be fair I'm usually trashed when I
eat this fish all right then green the
last one is Mickey D's he both got that
all I got
okay I got them all wrong and you were
so confident how you feel like it's our
childhood what was your favorite I feel
like the first one there's one I didn't
have any other tasting yeah I'm curious
how many people actually get it right so
he just warmed up to me nice and warm
and how it smells so good there's the
platter essentially everyone gathered
around there's four different types of
burgers on here what should you guess
what they are and then after you done
tasting all of them will tell you what
they actually learned see if you're
right or wrong all right so everybody
take the same color okay I know you're
sorry green guy okay what are we doing
next
we're going blue next initial thoughts
Oh awful and I say green tastes pretty
bad but brings bad okay they're both bad
vices in it what I think I'd Charbroil
grill chewy which is fine purple there's
only five I'm sorry
this is a weird-ass cat any guesses yet
yeah I have a general idea where I'm at
so far sure I think Green was McDonald's
blue was in and out and this last one
was Burger King okay one more I don't
know but I'm gonna try this
mmm not the best one no I just noted
that oh yeah I know that is so Green was
the first one you guys had what do you
guys think Rita okay can you go first
what do you think green was McDonald's
McDonald's Wendy's it was Mickey D
I know nothing second almost blue second
one's blue okay boom Burger King I
thought that one was in and out but I
take it back I'm gonna say Burger King I
think it's in and out I feel like I'm
Indian in and out but again I've got two
left the third one was purple Wendy's
the third one tasted like Wendy's candy
cotton Jersey no salty but it also
tasted like a whopper
hums a Wendy's okay I'm gonna say I'll
just be different and say a whopper I'll
say Burger King purple is Wendy's and
alright another king yeah so red first
Burger King I'm very confident in my
decision the man I feel like I almost
have to save it all right what's the
color is this green okay doesn't like
anything I've ever had this straight-up
doesn't taste like any kind of neat
trick question poison does that ones
like that the thickest like heaviest
like damn
alright Blues next cheers sting mmm mmm
I'm good I own ten now there's some
saltiest I think that's I don't know
yeah I'm gonna lean toward a final one I
don't looks different than all the
brownie piece mm mm-hmm
definitely the coldest like this one was
one day I think it went um
Burger King McDonald's in and out
Wendy's okay I'm gonna put the last one
at McDonald's you know that was
McDonald's going backward
Donald's in and out Wendy's Burger red
was Burger King yeah
yeah and then green green is Mickey bees
oh yeah oh yeah blue okay go in and out
that's almost Wendy's hey good job thank
you what do I win you cheated well I
think people were very surprised by a
lot of the answers general consensus
seemed to be though that the patties are
not good by themselves or just like even
this room temperature selection just get
like one of those pizza bags that keep
food warm yeah we should have done that
guess we're on a budget
fast-food budget get it yeah yeah this
fast-food patties look like that'd shit
run run over shit you know like and it's
not even roadkill it's like roadkill
shit right let's clean this shit up I
gotta do this this is useful that was a
jump for no reason
that wasn't was a ninja move back no I I
try my best with this fast-food thing
but I don't know where people on it yeah
I mean people they jump even got it I'm
like I'm regretting lunch cuz I was a
late lunch I love this place so much the
sugar sugar tits right gonna sugar tits
Mel Gibson should just he just shows
embrace and make a place called sugar
tits wait what is what does Mel Gibson
at sugar tits
google it let's go go I like put cheese
on a differently so Spanish turtle new
cheese every week you pick the cheese
off with your fingers yet and then fed
it to people but ah what microwaved it
right microwaving class yeah oh yeah
okay when people ate it all they said I
can taste cheese they didn't say they
can taste keys fingers didn't know that
it was part of the equation there's no
like oh I was supposed to be solved for
X how are you in fucking fingernails dug
into the oh my god how else were we
supposed to come to me Phil let's just
keep going
me
