oh yeah that is my family little girl oh
you said my life I don't know how I feel
about New York man what do you mean it's
just it's so gross like it's gross the
city the city is gross the whole garbage
in the street thing green I were walking
for like seven block we were holding
trash in our hands cuz we were we were
trying to throw this trash away and
there wasn't an open trash can for like
five or six blocks if you think they
just welcomed the trash like this just
fuckin let's just live in trash like
anything that isn't open anything in the
street you walk past the worst smell on
earth is gonna hit you in the face look
like and it just seems like it's like
years and centuries of just piss and
vomit and drool and like old pizza and
rats fucking so but but I will say so
like there are two good things pizza and
public transportation I gotta go
oh yeah oh shit let's go into the walk
that was telling it later today feels
recording a podcast so we need to set up
to mark 2's for close-ups that I'll sit
out here and the Kalinda podcast hold on
sorry I missed it the first time
actually turnip lunch no you need an
extra thing yeah
good grief so I've had this strong uh I
didn't see that just meeting you you
wanna close the door see what happens oh
fuck
where you have this where you have this
ring
oh it's overwhelming I've ever seen it
before I've never seen anything like I
don't think I've ever seen that word
first it is a first it's very new my
brain hurts from laughing so hard
one copy had a good time or you get just
some people doing crazy stuff what crazy
stuff snort cocaine and you'll watch
them any time to talk about someone
that's inside of the community I'm like
let me see it eight times yeah let me
see it a time I think that's the problem
a lot of people make when they talk
about YouTube stuff like I'm just gonna
say some shit like no realize you're
doing in a place where someone's can
instantly refute mmm right you have that
no I get it no no yeah sorry I'm
speaking to the people sometimes I feel
like I just want you to speak to me so
is that follow me signal no again anyone
else want a sandwich from which which I
actually got inspired and I made a
turkey sandwich Brian yeah it just might
be better I don't know what does it got
on I guess lettuce mayo mustard
what kind of laughter it's like the
spicy one nice yeah choice that's about
cheddar cheese on it
yeah yeah what kind of bread you use
Trader Joe's like multigrain okay can I
borrow them all takers well you laugh at
that dude but it's a good bread brown
let's compare sandwiches if I brought
one did you bring us a new brand
sandwich today I ate one yesterday so I
wanna bring wait let me get pasta what
kind
chicken pass out the under winner can a
short person talk down down to a taller
person
don't leave number to look at every what
it was a little mermaid where and
algebra I do that our eyebrows facial
hair
um yes so girls have facial hair yes I
mean girls do that facial hair
do you consider eyebrows visual here
though are they not hair on your face
yeah if you were to go to facial hair
true I think I think but it's not like
whenever someone talks about facial hair
it's like beard mustache and neck beard
also facial a right because it's assumed
everyone has eyebrows hey man I'm just
saying there station so the issue is
lighting is a little too cool on this
side you can see that these have
slightly different color temperatures to
them I don't know if you can see on
camera right now so that one looks a
little more blue what we're going to do
essentially - the lights on that one
that one and two of those will come to
that one so I don't even up both sides
tips this is my new vlogging camera they
hired me to vlog you vlogging
oh no yeah I'm gonna lose my job that's
a great rig man
don't waste your job that I won't have
one looks very portable thanks that's
really good and it's great for selfies
oh yeah hey guys hildie here haha Zacks
vlogging camera I need to work out more
what did you get a little fucking box
inside a box through this can you do
this and then you put the green-screen
little line right there and then you
undo and then hold it it's a fancy yeah
we're doing a lot of film tips today
guys this is my ego I get it get film is
that welcome back to film tips Phil mmm
tips hey we we just still changing the
laws well yeah okay I'm ready - you are
let's do it do you have that step stool
what you trying to say you're the step
stool what are you trying to say I'm
tall enough what are you talking about
this one nothing will cut their want to
need to spread it open for you guys and
tree gonna love that yeah yeah Oh help
I'm updating my tetanus shots
we're the band is a huge against the
wall huh huh hope he gets workman's comp
yeah might be up them might be out later
right here for your head my god things
really things really going huh I mean
it's not like it's dripping but you know
okay
it's refilling every time I wipe it yeah
that's fine so you've episode of ER
right now you kiss your boo-boo no look
his finger all better
are you mad I brought it up cuz you said
it explained the situation so I was
Keith gets mad because he says I hit him
a lot and so Brian says it to brian
solis for me brian flinched and I've
seen Lou yeah like you went like kick
know what no I was just like you didn't
touch him and he fucking flinched back
and I was like whatever and he was like
naw it's okay hit me
like relax lunch me he was like punch me
and I was like oh no you don't want that
he was like no like a girl and I was
like oh oh he said I had it because I
knew it would piss you off
sorry are you gonna punch him though let
me he won't let me full fledge function
I mean going like fuckin see Len would
you let me punch you I don't want to get
to the place where I deserve that
no punching come on let's we got this
time no I don't want to hit you punch
him in the dick oh yeah that's what was
she owed his rings I don't see that's
what it was I wanted example your you a
when they then look down I was like oh
and yeah alright you were gonna dick
slap me no I wasn't that's what I
thought why we won't have my ever dick
slap you how'd you have to think about
it tell us what the hell we're doing in
this room we are gonna do a podcast
we're gonna do the video but
I think for the most part at the very
least it's just going to be audio
eventually I want to get to a point
where I'm comfortable enough
live-streaming them but we'll see tell
us about your weight more woods on more
SourceFed nerd and I'm gonna find out
about her she's one of the hosts that
was hired with zero of my input so I'm
actually kind of going in semi-blind
don't have questions prepared no zero
we're just gonna do weird ascent all
Hello know what is this song that song
oh wait do you know how to do this dance
I was like is there a dance yeah there's
like a whole I don't know any of the
dances you know he'll say like best
invention since sliced bread mm-hmm I
feel like that should be updated for
best invention since silicone ice trays
are you saying bye to Joe yeah I'm
starting all right good luck guys
right you got it please buy your phone
let it go
good very good it was really good it's a
it's definitely more conversational so I
don't know we were talking about if it
goes on the main channel or not I think
that the full things could live on
Philly D for Sunday's cool I think it'd
be though the fucking videos keep
accidentally being exactly fucking 10
minutes everyone thinks we're doing it
on purpose
frame here lose a frame there boom 10
minutes no like I feel like in the past
two weeks or when three videos are like
1001 and I'm like ah should we just cut
a story so they don't think they were
doing it on purpose
well oh I know I never did mine scissors
what about the one in the back pocket
but those are not yours what these are
my pants iron still nothing you trying
to take my gun James wants to go away
the bomb those are not his pants these
are my pants I just bottom minutes ago
who let you go
I know my card it's just Ellis uh-oh you
did it did you do a video where you
switch clothes with Yessica what these
are men's pants are you serious Phil I
feel like you're lying no I swear to God
did you just have a gift card
you know kids gap or whatever come on yo
what is I like that it's all like kind
of joke so that James comes it really
looking daggers it looks like a penis
from this angle yeah yeah
bringing their goals ya know
yeah heat coming out of there like a New
York sewer
can you please be naked in there now
