the hell you doing I'm just making music
you wanna hear yeah keep going keep
going you suppose move
haha thank you are you in so because
Friday is like the only day that I get a
little breathing room between stuff
Monday through Thursdays like ah as far
as the workload and then Friday I just
like it's a day of rest but I really
need to actually work on this it's
mainly just I got a whiteboard whenever
I'm thinking of stuff even with our
small team there's sometimes too many
moving pieces Monday through Saturday
we're good for the main show I got to
get better about scheduling stuff so
that I'm utilizing James in the evening
James is working on PDS from 9:00 to
2:00 right now I'm giving him the Friday
show Thursday night and we're going like
to the fucking wall the reason that we
live streamed it was because I want to
see if I could take it off of this plate
right now I'm not a big fan of the final
product for a live streaming the Friday
show Sunday I think I want to go back to
that's where we test ideas which is what
we are doing now that was a tested idea
on Sunday and I'll probably really want
to lean on Amanda for how many coming up
with ideas for that and vlog right now
we're two days a week as of recording
this two days a week when do you think
that we can get to three days a week I
definitely think there's two days a week
of this type but then maybe a bonus
clinic I don't want to think of it as a
bonus clip because then you get then you
get into the segmentation that some
people do that works for Facebook but I
don't know if it makes sense for like a
standalone video yeah the reviews I've
talked about I want like us as a team or
several people go to movies and then we
do like late night movie reviews that
way we kind of take something that is
just fun already I make a content well
can you tell us what the hell we're
doing in here
look today I'm gonna learn how to sculpt
because life is just one big canvas I
want to be the kind of guy that knows
what to do with it are you gonna make
you know I'm gonna make something
fantastic oh to make art I'm gonna make
pain I'm gonna make passion and pleasure
you're gonna make history history most
likely yeah who's this this is Morgan
she knows a thing or two about this so
we were gonna sculpt clay even though I
sent him pictures of stones and talked
about chisels and hammers I don't know
the difference between this art bullshit
I got chiseled ABS I can like post free
do you and I don't yeah I think rocks
and clay
a little different he thought we were
going to take a stone and put it on a
wheel and with our hands oh like ghosts
out
women on your computer again are these
women do thumbnail for Friday I mean
Friday Plains weekend playing yeah
couple friends coming in town and we're
going to see blink-182 what's your
favorite song but no off their new album
kings of the weekend is a solid choice
good party oh absolutely
reflect you girls oh yes back to work
fuck you doing James
Friday James the busy editor what the
hell's your weekend
can you one sentence I'll give you one
work sleep about you stud how are you
doing this weekend I am going to a place
that's like an hour and a half two hours
away to do a photo shoot so you're into
photography right yeah I don't be
shooting some ladies what the lady's
doing they'll be posing for me I guess
cool have fun that's right what are you
doing this weekend Amanda my old
roommate and best friend is flying in
and we're gonna go the blink concert
that calls for some finger guns there's
this man you got a point give me what I
want why can't you put that much
enthusiasm it's a song called I want to
be your friend your friend
why won't you be my friend and then
eventually it'll be like I wanna wear
your skin because I was going to say is
when you're singing I was just
automatically imagining you and your
usual big and then you have your random
dead face close-ups but then maybe right
before it shifts over to the weird stuff
you see like the person is your closet
kind of yeah they're like freaked out
and is still shot there's like a quick
flash of me in the same spot same face
but covered in blood oh it knows this
one oh we doing food Ryoga food wherever
they're going with sit down place sit
down and enjoy yourself be drinks me I
love BJ's I wanna be your friend I get
stuck in your head Steve woulda are we
up I want those news it out of this 14
and a half I was a short one good I'm
good I made it easy on you uh we left
comedy at it right now so we're talking
about tampon flasks Amanda said bro they
work they do guys get super
uncomfortable so if you ever want to
hide anything ladies put it in the part
that you put any of your feminine
products
I've hit flats in there we okay they
don't care now if you get a lady
checking you I'm right huh what do you
think you want to get I'm getting tacos
shrimp tacos
I think I'm thinking about are you not
gonna get them you can't get the same
thing
oh I'm sorry really that's an understood
that I'm not aware what do we have to do
Phil what do you mean we have to do
something before we go phrase I'm fine
what do you want to have your you kind
of clothes are you gonna wash your hand
yeah how often do you wash it wash your
hands
I'm not like a freak I just do it before
you I don't think to do that they're
gonna wash your hands well I wasn't
planning on it
yeah let me see your hands what about
James's hands I've had most bacteria in
my body I'm good
nothing could stop me I want to win
anything Leonard ask nicely keeps when I
please get a lemon I don't know if I
wash my hand here's a wash it hey no no
I'll squeeze I'll do the squeegee so
it's changing water now your fuck not
keep keep hands are blessed yeah that
isn't lemon like kills things - would
you clean a body like a dead body with
like lemon juice Nancy look you get so
seafood never come to my seafood that
I'm like oh wait I like it I love
Lobster
stealing drinks free drinks man no this
is trash donut that's James is your
router this fridge is really
oh there's food in there yeah there's
ranch chemistry yeah it's just me
getting mad about like the dumbest shit
and I don't put your beans in the drinks
drinks done with this company I'm out in
there taking a piss hey wait fluids Joe
get the meeting get where the actual
contents happening there's plenty of
content Lois my hands for you hey
there's a lot of people did you wash
your hands
yes I did okay before I start chattin
any notes or anything as far as the
video creation that we've done so far
anything that we've had struggles with
Authority with or any ideas I'm liking
this new project a lot yeah yeah well I
mean something we're gonna end up
talking about too is the workflow
because we're still figuring that James
how you doing if we could get like
Monday through Wednesday for the Friday
show done like Wednesday yeah I have
enough stress in my life
let's our lunches if we take one leg out
that'd be great yeah
no that's something to talk about the
other thoughts good good good can we do
like a football huddle like we all start
jumping and I don't know what I hand it
are we doing I don't know how do we do
this like with hands in ready what's oh
thank 1 2 3 what wait wait the steam
defranco's I didn't know in the big ones
yeah hashtag we should say hashtag Minh
I was a sculpting oh yeah I learned a
lot about myself and how to really
absorb the earth and now I'm dusty those
are stung some good there's zero
progress I mean listen man lunch happen
and then after lunch there was like
things to shoot and then they were like
meetings and things I did do on the
Discovery portal and like you know just
never ends
private I mean see that meeting went too
long
that's I Lindsay we were planning dinner
and I was like yeah you want to do five
20s and I thought I was walking to a
15-minute meeting my friend tower in
1500 right now pop 20 is kind of a weird
time no one to do like fat third dress
me now Joe I know don't follow me I'm
standing you're following you what I
need I'm not gonna say bye done by Phil
bye
it's gone it's time to party bottle away
the boys play oh my god cut that out
don't you dare you
