by Phil are you doing today I'm good I
just finished filming the show we just
did a bunch of other stuff and now I got
a jump into filming two more things
oh wow that's gonna be good cool is this
more testing they always more testing
more tests hello good morning
I mean afternoon afternoon Phil I've
been saying this a lot Phil Phil I've
been saying this a lot but do you know
what today is it another sponsor day but
today it's specifically rad power bite
today we decide to collaborate with our
buddies over red power bikes they've
been building electric bikes since 2007
they've got a direct-to-consumer
business model so it's from them to you
no middleman is gonna gouge the prices
on you riders to travel 20 to 40 miles
on a single charge and go 20 miles per
hour without even pedaling and today Joe
and the team which really just means
we're gonna be putting the PAS to work
because I know you're you're not Hut
you're not doing any work I don't do any
physical labor you're getting like the
most the most crankin is is on the zoom
yeah right but the ones the PAS are
gonna build today is the 2017 mile they
have a brand new 2018 model upgraded
battery is a new color scheme new
handlebars universal racks I'll actually
be getting a 2018 after this video but
what they don't know is that I'm going
to let them fight for it the way that we
do it here at the defranco office after
it's built oh shit Phil there's gonna be
blood and Beau won't know and somebody
pay paroxysms but I mean Keith can add
it in post like he does with all the
lightning and shit but all that said if
you like what you see do you want to
look into it maybe you buy your own go
to ramp our bikes calm slash Philly to
you or at the very least enter offer
code fill and that'll give you $50 off
you know I biked to work felt I could
really use that bike so we I can't be in
I keep I can't be in this not this one
it's nice for them best for is they're
never in the other things for the Casper
mattress yeah that's true
are you sure you want to make that
decision so I'm kidding I think I think
there's something fun about yeah like
they're building it for the boss and
then it's like that's a great idea Phil
I love this surprise all right cool
we're gonna do it Phil what is that can
you read it says we hade how we're
pickles
that last one so I don't even know how
he just made sounds right
Rick vehicles you know look right Luke
Bryan Bryan Luke what are you doing in
here you're both sitting we were
cleaning up the breakdancing yes Brian
stop follow me there's there's a a rad
power Bickle's that we need to put
together
Brad power pickle all right look at this
look what the mailman dropped off all
right let's bring in the room you guys
know how to put fights together bullshit
while riding my rad fight and I'd be
wearing fingerless gloves it would be so
rad all the storage space you don't
think that's we're putting it together
I think that's we're putting it together
Luke what are those instructions saying
it's in another language so I'm just
looking like I'm reading I think it's
upside down oh that makes more sense
we're supposed to inflate the tires to
55 psi I think I need to combs I gladly
don't what's call yeah Bobby's boat was
getting over here let's inflate him with
helium so they wouldn't fill rides it he
just flies away good job boys Thanks how
was that assembly process nice luggage
rack here yeah mostly assemble it's just
a little the little parts a little to
disclose in there yeah there's one
safety washer that I don't know where it
came from but now it's not on the bike
so from like the headlight yeah talking
about what's great
yeah only took like what 10 minutes yeah
Timo's plus 30 yeah you look about 40
minutes 20 miles per hour now we got to
plug it in because you know it's still a
bike but it's an electric bike so why
not give us some juice oh you have some
juice give us some juice isn't do you
pretty rad racer it goes right into this
little just like hey all right cool
we'll charge it up and we'll we'll
freakin ride it bro yes it's gonna be
awesome
all right well what are we doing in here
so I know that you thought that we were
building this for us but since you
haven't really been a part of the other
contests we want you guys if you are
down you paper-rock-scissors
for who gets the bike is it how many
rounds though fills in one round or what
it is it's specified okay thank you fool
but I'm just trying to guess what my
lower thirds gonna say in this run
picture so much you want to say any
rules no there any rules how are you
guys gonna do it what's the verdict on
Rock Paper Scissors shoot
right Rock Paper Scissors shoot an
aren't you may the best man win whoo I'm
gonna throw rock all right let's do it
round one okay here we go rock paper
scissors
one beat one Rock Paper Scissors shoot
oh oh oh is it gonna be a sweet or is it
gonna be a comeback Rock Paper Scissors
shoot oh he's a lot he's got like ready
there we go
Rock Paper Scissors shoot home like a
witch and wizard of oz alright cool
sweet well congratulations now you get
to film you riding it cool alright boys
we got what are we doing now we've got
Luke riding his glorious new bike off
into the sunset like the Wicked Witch of
the West wants alright let's let's go do
it okay
that's terrific Park yeah you were too
and now outside that's the escape of
dinosaurs excited he's excited about his
bike yeah alright we're gonna find the
safe road to ride on so do we have a
film permit here you don't need no
permit your filmmaker need to know I'm a
filmmaker we need permits do you need no
no that's not professional I'm
professional get a gorilla suit we need
to go back and get a permit guys yeah
you get to ride it now whoo
yo aren't you yeah they just occurred to
me you like pulled me out here just to
watch we can rub in but you had a rock
pit was my idea yeah I need someone else
what better than the person that lost
all right a nice bike we're gonna make
this look like the most badass bike
riding experience ever like but you know
that provide the soundtrack for this
ride yeah go for it all right
alright hey it's fine honey lovely fun
yeah I used to have a little motorized
scooter as a kid just it's great
Oh Oh Phil just got back well yeah with
Luke and Ryan riding the new red power
bike it's pretty cool Phil did you write
it I did not write it Phil actually it's
a little too big for me no joking I'm
not feeling a little bad yeah I was a
little scared I stepped up on I was like
I need to be like five inches taller I
gave some platforms like that one time
that someone sent it in the mail yeah
try those filler uncomfortable Phil I
just need still so he's gonna walk
around still so one day oh yeah I think
you just thought of a video still blogs
that'll be cool Phil list we'll put on
the company card stilts on the company
card you're gonna rent them oh you can't
all right well maybe we'll bring out
like a circus here one day Phil how did
that escalate because I was thinking
about still something about you know
they do it in circuses so maybe thanks
man dreaming you can rent stilts so and
then you said that we're gonna have a
circus day or bring the circus here I'm
sure you can rent that tooth built so
the kind of works hand in hand it'll be
a great circus day it's Phil DeFranco
circus how about that has a great ring
tent though I can't it's great ring to
it how about a tiger can we bring a
tiger in here Phil you're exhausting
welcome to Jurassic Park
da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da
