wah-wah-wah-wah-wah
Phil how you doing Dave great sir how
you doing I'm doing great my pants are
on well I'm doing great
even though the pants are on well yeah
so it's a good day today
do you know what today is Phil no it's
two days it's a sponsor day Phil yeah
you meet squarespace.com / vlogedy you
but you know what else today is its
complement day Phil so what we're gonna
do since it's Squarespace and complement
day let's give some Squarespace some
good compliments Phil first good
compliments I love it that you have an
easy and intuitive all-in-one platform
that makes it so incredibly easy to make
a beautiful and professional-looking
website very complimentary not
complicated there's nothing to install
patch or upgrade ever it's so good at
communication you have 24/7 customer
service that is award-winning it's a
beautiful company actually everything
that I'm like I mean I'm describing
Squarespace that's what you want in a
partner easy to work with
I'm Lea good at conversation those are
some great compliments can I tell you
something about Flynn so I am
notoriously bad at taking them my
response for like nine years when anyone
that would give me a compliment would be
go fuck yourself because I don't know
how to say thank you then it's like do I
then compliment you or do I just receive
yeah yeah because I'm going to be
compliment back to past it doesn't feel
as sincere you know well Phil where can
we get this Squarespace what's the I
already sent no so do you remember Jeff
it's squarespace.com / vloggity Phil
boom killed in your frits try this
complements day I'm gonna go around and
everybody's gonna pick a name out of the
Hat and then they are gonna be massive
that person then they have to write a
nice 50 award compliment 50 words
citywards Phil we don't want people to
say oh I think you're nice and that's it
they have to actually get into it that's
just so I think they can do it I think
they can pull some shit I had their ass
go be surprised it's gonna be a nice day
of team building team building that's
what we're focused on 2018 team building
that sounds like you just strap that on
the ass end of it like you're a pitch
meeting or like it's an organic natural
team building team builder this hat
sound real thank you for bringing my
team together yeah you got a pulley on a
break okay I thought it was other yeah
yeah here's your match I think you're
choosing madness she picked it oh so
y'all make me match of the Pacific all
right okay
hi James yeah the same you have to write
something nice no you have to be nice
keep your Matt Zack so you got a right
nice little fifty word essay 50 words we
got ah
all right hello look you have to match
with somebody okay okay yeah that'll be
interesting here's your match you know
what to do right now you need compliment
you know right like a fifteenth word
essay am i in high school yeah I grade
these too oh look who's in the kitchen
take your name as a hat you have the
match for compliments today okay Hillary
your name has been matched around the
office I would say you know if somebody
call us out one day were like she was
like I never see you're talking to Mina
and I was like I go in there all the
time and I bug them at all like today I
couldn't remember a word I was at what's
the word also our color
I know we're kind of matching here
similar colors I'm about it all right
Mina you have one of the most joyful of
decisions in the office and you make
conversation
very easy you're kind and informative
and you know how to work your way around
tough topics which is something that I
really admire you have the best
personality kind of six position and you
have such a positive edge all right
that's great okay Hillary there's
there's so many nice things that I could
say about you but here just sit beer
first of all you're always killing the
shoe game and you have the cutest
outfits and second of all you're so
hilarious and you always make me laugh
and finally I think you're the perfect
person
for your job because I know you really
care about making other people happy
I like your bonus this was good it's a
good exercise I know the chief Butler I
always like another thing I said that
was like too long because I was like the
first time you talked to me that ever
you walk away and you're like we're
gonna be good friends and I finally
think so many people think that about
you too
alright guys so you're here too to
compliment each other you brought your
compliments who wants to go first and
I'll be the bigger man and let Cecilia
go James
I love the we don't blink she hates you
you enable us to get the show out at a
speed that few others could especially
with watch downs and fixes and
everything your editing skills are
kick-ass and you make it look so easy
when it really isn't
also I very much appreciate sarcasm
great I'm glad it was work-related if
that's the just like you guys I'm hang
out all the time Joe can't you tell
we're brunch buddy so I'll be mine
Cecilia you're fantastic researcher your
write-ups are well done they're in order
and I have Ralph in a sense for me to
use from what I hear you run that
research room like a boss and that's
read out you're generally a nice person
and your laugh Pierce's soundproof walls
why we have soundproof walls here
they're supposed to be mm I think we got
ripped off
any last comments or anything or high
fives maybe high five oh we're swell
people not fake news all right so you
two have been matched up destiny brought
you two together okay good you guys
feel like I feel like I'm about to like
kick your ass fight but you might kick
my girl you better hold my earrings
let's do it I wants to go first ladies
go first okay wait Joe am I supposed to
be serious am I supposed to be yeah I
mean sincere you guys can joke around a
little bit but you know make good eye
contact you have your paper there can
Eve really need it just from the heart
okay oh that's fine okay ready yeah you
got to start with his name Jason you're
like annoyingly talented you have had
like a life that like a lot of people
haven't had like in their entire lives
and you've done it in like 30 years like
are just like tortoise rock stars and
sound like and it's like you're like so
optimistic and I don't know how because
everything is trash and shit and like
you bring everyone's mood up I feel like
you were part of the team before I was
so now on to Jason
Briana yeah you're usually the first
person in the office and more than
likely one of the last to leave you love
your drinks but they're well-deserved
after the work that you put in because
you're an extremely hard worker your
humor is spot-on and you shut any other
bullshit down that was like the 48 cap
but I wanted to go longer
oh but yeah but yeah extremely the one
that I think all right guys cool shake
hands high-five whatever you want all
right so are you gonna do your
compliments are you guys have
comfortable distance okay there's about
okay cool
all right good who wants to go first
first okay and unless you want to go
Kristi the audience thinks we hate each
other but our humor is just matched so
well that we don't break the bit and I
think that's what I appreciate the most
about you while you would never admit
this on camera I see you as a friend
I hope our friendly feud never stops as
it makes me laugh every time
oh look here's so sweet okay mine says
Luke as you know we poked fun at one
another but all joking aside I think
that you are a very nice person one of
the things that we have in common is
that we both move to LA by ourselves and
are making it on our own I think that's
really cool and it's very clear to
anyone who meets you that you have goals
and are motivated to be successful and I
think that's great keep it up thank you
this was fun
yeah see we don't really need each other
yeah click that and keep repeating
high-fives or anything co-worker hug so
yeah alright cool thanks guys
what do we do with these you can you can
eat them okay I mean I mean I wouldn't
eat them but I didn't hang there they
came everything stand as close as you
want how close do you want to stand you
okay you wanna stand that close a pickle
you're very comfortable very okay cool
so then who wants to go first dear Zack
as expected you are hilarious I envy
your quick-wittedness also I believe you
have a good heart you believe in doing
the right thing
I can see injustice or a lack of
fairness peeves you which is admirable I
needed about 50 words so here's exactly
50 but that's cute I was cute any thank
you yes and get closer if you want all
right Keith mm-hmm you're a joy to work
with thank you anyway shut up I'm sorry
yeah it's not a it's not a good
statement
how are you done okay Keith mmm you're a
joy to work with and enjoy to eat lunch
with you're always patient with the
crazy schedules thrown at you and
they're always able to make a super
funny video even on a Russian schedule I
don't know how you've been able to edit
the vlogs to make me seem fun but you
have and I appreciate the work you do
it's great from this angle looks like
you guys are about to kiss well you're
not
alright cool you guys want to shake
hands do a high-five or a piggyback ride
hug guess do a hug hug it
alright cool it got the slow meaningful
embrace
alright cool a nice warm hug camp China
okay yep all right guys got matched up
who wants to go first
I'll go first how's this working you're
gonna stand there and receive all right
hey Brian you are one of the unsung
heroes of this office you crank designs
out at a crazy pace and constantly outdo
yourself so much so that I think an
Instagram dedicated to your unused work
would be more popular than ziti the
corgis and despite being so talented
you're also humble
I'm glad Joe's doing this video because
these are all things that deserve to be
said but that I know you would never say
yourself also oh thank you to your kind
words is no problem is it mine your turn
Ryan I wanted to commend you on your
passion and work ethic not many people
would take a full-time job and then
spend their free time creating creating
high production value shorts spending
most if not every night writing
producing editing and everything
everything else in between is truly
something special your work ethic will
take you far in this industry and I hope
you never stop creating thank you Brian
yeah you guys want my high five anything
bringing people together did we do it
job you did it you guys agree you guys
can get the fuck out of here now okay
all right
all right who wants to go first Brian so
I said Amanda it's me Brian not your
best friend Brian but close enough
without a doubt you were one of the
hardest or one of if not the
hardest-working people here in the
office and any time I think I have a bad
day I'm like man at least one of
Amanda's game you juggle a crazy amount
of things that also said we had a word
limit and I'm almost out of words but I
won't say you're also hilarious you say
the most ridiculous shit sometimes out
of nowhere you say some funny fucking
things I'd really good to hug him now
okay my turn okay we had similar intro
so I liked it okay Brian even though
you're not the original Brian I still
think you're pretty cool your knowledge
of international stories and hot-button
topics continues to impress me over and
over again although we don't ever see
eye to eye it seems I admire that you
are steadfast in your convictions
particularly when it comes to well
almost every
we done now can we do construction job
you do construction or a good structure
down all right yeah well uh whoa my
sometimes my voice gets a little high so
we had a great complement stay Phil
everybody come in he did yeah good I
feel like 20% of what probably happened
was like snarky things no actually it
was all very sweet really yeah it was
very little snarkiness all right yeah so
it's very sweet I didn't get anybody
Phil I think it's a compliment anybody
like someone compliment someone huh not
me let me tell you Amanda
a man is a very hard worker you know
she's always here to make sure that
we're getting our shit done I appreciate
and she calls out some bullshit when it
happened so that's good yeah yeah wasn't
expecting it from you oh really how
about you Phil do you want to compliment
anything else how about the team as a
whole
you may go ten words ten words ten words
that's terrific very hard-working when
Joe doesn't have a camera in front of
you and I appreciate you for doing what
you do no I can't I can't come up with
it off top my head I just work with bad
asses that's all I work with bad asses
that don't give me shit about anything
they believe in the same thing I believe
in and I am stronger for having you guys
go that was 47 words it's pretty good
Phil that was really good yeah that's a
lie
you didn't count there can you count 47
all right Phil here we go up sands of
the day all right sounds great I wish
that it was true that it was the end of
the day I have four more hours of work I
know it's the blog back to back shit I
know you got lots to do today that's one
we're getting shit done early
okay I'm gonna end this off I gotta go
end this off I might be the first person
to ever say that end this off okay I'm
gonna go now bye nice to be at least 50
words okay something nice something
sweet all 50 of them had to be nice
words 50 word essay yeah 50 word essay
40 50 word essay oh and 50 words it has
to be 50 50 words this 50 words hey do
you work there's a lot of words
