that's amazing you like it that is that
you have to be on camera yeah I'll let
you do my first like official cameo ah
sexy so figure the bees have ninja shoes
of course obviously I'm like why away
later maybe I'll get some like her
outfit man my god why the first one to
see you like this the Phil did he look
so cute oh thanks man and we can hold
hands later
oh you're Batman yeah I think I'm just
gonna I left it in the car last night so
Felix change it we're sweet man er go
change
cool Batman and I also want some warm
milk
you gotta say I want one milk mom
where's my board milk yeah where's your
costume did you forget yeah forgot oh oh
no you're gonna wear uh what are you
James
yeah that's a hot costume this year sold
out at Party City can find it oh damn oh
my god are you from Adams family oh I am
Clinic I want that a big gift card a hot
date tonight
right right Zach oh yeah where do you
Justin Timberlake before we got themes
Oh in the editor oh my god I'm so pretty
what's everybody just says yeah yeah
good what are you I'm gonna be something
shortly oh hell yeah right now say my
dad yeah me uh and you a princess or
anything I guess what it is let's say
you're underwater princess somebody else
already goes dude yeah okay man how are
you
well she did hit me as hard as you can
like so what are you today character
coolin you got the best - I saw oh look
at your belly button
and she does too cool line are you
Jeremy in the walking dead
yeah yeah I'm negan I wonder if
anybody's gonna be a zombie today then
you can kick their ass right well eat
more attacks people what about bees bees
won't carry you Eric Eric right yeah
yeah
it's Halloween bro what are you today
and a new guy work actually put it works
who are you is what did it not come
through on the camera I'll be a little
quicker oh good
I quit let's draw about it I see it now
okay Anna are you just scaring people
are just going after me actually just
gave me an idea that you should do that
dude ah hi I look sexy I'm not wearing
my up right now I really should why not
oh my god I miss your finger guys have
another crunchyroll right now my
weddings great I'm living the whites of
life with it right now yeah we're fine
don't worry this race I think anybody
could be Raina Ian could be Raina yeah
all right get back to work a night of
goofing on left look well whose fault is
that
your look the costume the costume it
contest is in like ten minutes
yeah look at this oh shit now your
competition I got a whole gun - that's
in now get it I'll be on it I'm gonna
lose now I'll miss I lost 30 was good I
steep but you are Wayne from Wayne's
World for a second - oh God look at that
hottie
look at that back muscle move the
creepiest hell this exact
oh my god can you give me a blessing
okay I'm not one of those now
oh okay show honestly I don't I've never
been in Church in my life I don't know
what a blessing is are you I think I'm
gonna have Audrey do it because she's
not dressed up at all boo so scary so I
heard you're judging I know I'm so
excited there anything that you helped
with today like you know filing
paperwork organizing hell yeah try and
take my girl on a date Nina massage you
need like me to get you coffee you know
I haven't had any candy today and it is
Halloween okay what kind of candy do you
like like Reese's Pieces also things
with caramel okay no twigs hey you want
some candy thank you
technically it's for my mom oh god you
just think Nikki's time in Wisconsin
okay wait wait come on what are you
trying to win because I'm trying to win
the best candy Oh the best I'm doing I'm
doing the kiss Audrey's butt and I well
not not physically oh saying like she
wants candy so I'm gonna candy huh oh I
didn't think about that I'm a man be
your man be what the hell are you um I'm
a disco recluse you know if I lit right
it'll look like you're here sit up
straight
look your disco ball man with this go
ahead
well now you're moving it now you're
gonna track it
Rodrigo oh yeah but I got a super
surprise I'm just gonna I'm gonna leave
traces there's one yeah is it the best
it's pretty good it's pretty the best
ones you ever had man such a nice person
who gave it to you right oh really yeah
okay well I gotta just I got a little
round you know I got some Mayo just in
case yes my favorite Halloween treats
only though I feel really taking her
care of here yeah just you know just
being the nice person that I am it's not
you know try to win the contest at all
it's just it's being nice but for me
who thinks gonna win the contest who do
you guys think is gonna win I have to
hear what her answer is why can't answer
it when he's in my room closed ears why
is it hard to know I mean if it was an
answer that I think is obvious why
couldn't you say it right
you mean like original costume like they
probably put a lot of time and effort
into it and suddenly somebody in this
room may be like so their costume you
know like actually made it I didn't make
this I mean it looks very I mean if you
did that's a there's no way he purchased
that somewhere yeah
don't sell out the costumes for a dollar
you know I think I need to look at all
the costumes and just make sure I'm not
favorite you know I'm not playing a
favorite towards someone okay
all right if I pick you then they're my
own so if we had just pick Sam because
that's your best friend so I have to I
need to look at all the cost okay huh do
you thinks gonna win
I think rayna's gonna win
that shot you thinks gonna win oh yeah
I'm dead inside
you think she's gonna win the contest
yeah I'm so get inside I think that
guy's different I don't even know you
he doesn't even work here you thinks
gonna win um whoever's dead shot over
there has a very strong costume the
Sam's gonna be close Kosek real real
tough tough challenge oh damn good we're
going to judge you based on the quality
of the costume but also how in character
you are Sam tell us about your costume
Elsa Queen got the sister knocker I
would choose it if she's fine now you
ain't singing a few bars yeah thank God
just how I'm dressed and how I feel what
else we got there we have a Batman
Batman kid Batman and I wish my parents
are still alive at night oh we got a
Wednesday Addams here I presume well
this is inter-class homicidal maniac and
this is what they here we have a dead
shot that is impressive
I never missed a shot so extra points
for having spent the most money on it no
some people might feel like that but I
am
oh wait I get to go I didn't do this for
nothing
yeah I didn't know what I wanted to be
for Halloween so gotta give you someone
you know I decided to be me bro clap
wait a second
where's the focus see there some extra
skating you like oh that's pretty good
we've deliberated I think we have a
decision
so in third place we have Owen in second
place actually we have Elsa
enjoy that $25 BJ I think it's pretty
clear that the number one costume is not
discount Ace Ventura
Spencer how does it feel to spend two
hundred and fifty dollars to win a $50
gift card and let's want to congratulate
you thank you when are you going to
enjoy your $25 BJ
whenever you're free cuz the BN else are
gonna go get some BJ's don't get
pizookie what are you doing for
Halloween
Phillip ah what are you doing for
Halloween oh shit I can't get the
Penguins
so not gonna have to show real quick try
and do as much as possible than 2:30 got
a bolts cuz train a bunch of the kids it
is a little like preschool they're doing
some sort of performance don't know what
to expect I know that he's been like
he's been singing songs I don't know
what they are
oh so I'm excited I don't know I don't
know what to expect afterwards we're
gonna take him trick-or-treating he's
gonna be a just a fireman we tried him
in a few different things he was like
know this so that's awesome wants to
fight fires bro what are you gonna do I
don't I don't think anything
my birthday's tomorrow though Phil what
yeah I wouldn't know I'm sorry I'm just
looking at that moment I just wish I was
your real hair I know me too right I I
had I had friends that had that real
haircut
all right I have a good one sorry I
didn't when I'll see I know it's rigged
the voting system was rigged hashtag
rigged totally worried all right I'm
trying to leave is not very okay now at
least we get I'm gonna get a bigger door
okay yeah
you
