hey you beauties I hope you having a
great Thursday here on the vlog channel
the doc you've logged Channel
very exciting news today at least if you
are a fan of the vlogs and me and other
people that work here and even sometimes
Joe although the way that I said that
made it seem like you don't work here
and you just for funsies follow me with
a camera yeah to annoy you it's my hobby
some people they they play fantasy
football some people just film Philip
DeFranco all day inside with access
which is weird so comments I've seen
constantly and questions that I've got
in the past well it was like why did the
vlog die off a while ago why did we then
post intermittently and then why it has
there been a big delay in when the
contents film and when the content has
been posted and a lot of that really
boils down to a deal we did with a
company by the name of vessel we as a
company joined into a deal where we
would post the videos on this channel
early to vessel calm than 72 hours later
we would post them here why would you do
that with a daily vlog well it ended up
being actually kind of an accident
I personally said okay to the deal
because the way that it was described to
me is that four times a month four
episodes we would post early there and
then 72 hours later we would post it to
YouTube which is why we started that
whole series word for word
there were like the little games where
people would just come in because we
could shoot those ahead of time but at
the same time we can have the daily
vlogs those would be timely be fine
unfortunately the actual language of the
contract said that we had to post at
least four videos a month but it was
every single video that was going to be
uploaded to this channel so that
obviously made it hard where something
happened in the world and I was like oh
let's I want to do a rant video like old
school rant in my car video and it's
gonna go up in 72 hours this does not
work then with even like these dogs that
you've been watching over the past few
weeks so you had to upload it somewhere
first then we could post it here well
for better or worse I don't know the the
intricate details of their deal vessel
has been acquired by Verizon vessel comm
is no more deal is done and we can do
whatever the hell we want so even this
video filming it Wednesday afternoon
going to be posted Thursday morning we
can do that now so we're gonna figure
out the posting schedule I still want
Monday and Wednesday to be the docq blah
intermittently in between those spots I
think we might just have more
lighthearted easier to turn around stuff
so Joe and Keith don't end up killing
themselves will you'll be seeing over
the next month two months we're gonna be
catching up in the timeline that is the
doc you've logged and then there will be
other timely pieces what's also nice
about this is that when the guys are
gone for for Christmas vacation I'll be
able on my macbook just to be able to
upload and post without having to go
through a bunch of different hoops
that's really it for this video I'm very
excited to be able to just be able to do
more on this channel and be really more
interactive just be in the past we
really haven't been able to
yes daddy D wants a butt shot oh you and
the daddy D you just owning it now love
the daddy but I feel weird cuz I said
Big Daddy B she didn't say that I know
that should might that's just in my head
you brought it to another level films
are Bravo
