why are you all we're - no yes super you
know just being artsy that lotion
daily face moisturizers for my company
I'm not gonna mention cuz in a penis
money she got him bang to that Starbucks
thing we made him look awesome keep a
look so sexy it almost made you not care
that pumpkin spice lattes are like 500
calories Oh massages in the fishbowl
today whoa longing to two at a time with
two ladies today so we also have free
food today at lunch will have a green
food truck that came last year they're
really good as the healthy but also
members are gonna go also have some free
goodies that Discovery Center works we
dress enough on Halloween or what please
do we have like a costume contest or
something yeah yeah I'll bring Campion
we actually play a trick or treat in the
office like there's candy in every
office let me go around I'll see you
guys
well we going we're going where we go
until y'all get massages and then turn
the camera off don't you think
my name's doing chair massage I'm you
lovely employee whoo I'm Michelle I'm
also a chair massage therapist thank you
for having us a bath gonna bring the
pressure these ladies were so nice I was
trying to make coffee and they were
helping me make coffee because my coffee
is actually really bad I'll be good
sweet next time I make coffee for my
fiance I'm just gonna invite you over
real quick to make the coffee and then
yeah please and then should be impressed
I'll just be like I'm the massage
therapist oh yeah deceiver massage yeah
come on girl that's oh my gosh she sees
massaging my arm right now look at this
beautiful Rob okay I'm off that yeah
what's it bill hold on team like twice a
week hello ladies hey how's it going
good
I meant to ask you turn my massage did
you see my crack no okay all right I
just want to make sense the line I said
Joe Boxer okay cool cuz I yeah sometimes
I have a crack problem and it just yeah
that's not cool it is dead boo Steve
ooh stop nation
hahahahaha James just jumped off a
bridge you gotta go huh
hi guys I'm a memo editor should fill
the free code this other really weird
again hi Gooden hi biogenic okay hey
what's going on mother fucker yeah I
think he just came up with a video is
anyone want to try helium balloons
considering its wellness degree come on
do it for the people say so have a suck
suck some helium and say something sweet
to this stud right here has it already
holding hands
no we do helium nah watch I will yeah I
just W Bush I am the octopus man one for
every person that God shed His grace
could be a fetish cute I want to go
outside with this holding it oh and the
pressures are the wind is just wrong
don't let go ste never let go oh shit
I'm floating
so what are we doing that Phil oh shit
can I even film this I don't know the
problem is right multiple people have
shown up to the studio and Amanda wanted
me to put something on snapchat I think
I forget if we even filmed something
around that she's like can you go put on
snapchat to have people like not come to
the office I was like how do you think
that's going to help because like people
don't have that in their head already
they shouldn't go to a stranger's place
come on it's just like terrorist attacks
what are you looking for a laptop yeah
these are the 17-inch Ares I want a
15-inch bill will only settle for a
15-inch you know the 960 this is a 10-7
oh yeah but look at this ready till you
set the alarm off how much is left
poppers - jeez five okay
did they have the laptop you want yeah I
think so I think that this I can make
work I'm gonna go get batteries I'm
gonna decide between like two of these I
need a shit ton more and fourteen
dollars for two batteries I involved
yeah there's more batteries but they're
only eight dollars for four that means
it might be shitty batteries I don't
know what I do what do I do I'm gonna
get two packs I just realized I got the
wrong batteries
oh it's not gonna pocket yeah what's
your name Brandon nice to meet you man
one day won't be like Oh a couple of
ghosts my music right now and then it's
fucking mess around yeah so I'm gonna
try to on YouTube and it's like I don't
know how to edit videos when we're
together and I'm not just do your thing
and then and then when you jump into it
just make shit east uh for know someone
that can do it better do it I feel you
got a new computer are you excited so
excited oh my god I'm gonna put mafia 3
on is nice though is like because it's
got a 1060 and actually some decent guts
should run pretty great it's one great
settings you know means - we can watch
anywhere oh I would have loved to be
fuckin slammed into that bowl I just
love saying it so that you can bleep
yourself and then everyone can just
assume who you're talking about and just
stir up drama Joe where we going we are
going to the food trucks that are here
for
what's the reason do you know it's
wellness help oh yeah it's like a health
thing yeah and we're gonna eat healthy
foods
yeah we're just like all tofu or
something oh really it's like I've no
ideas you get organic deliciousness it's
edgy grill right yeah hell yeah like a
mobile veggie grill how are you gonna
get it sorry
why
you're the food man would you get
brother I got the vegan burger with
sweet potato rounds and a cilantro lime
is god damn excited what are you boys
gonna get chicken pesto sandwich
same word the same three people I guess
no tomatoes all chicken pesto tomato
real meat king right here this is the
notes a nato crew how was it it was
great twelve sleep to me dreams think
about anybody you do this weekend how
was it so good so then are you going in
there I've been in there twice already
what was your favorite part I love when
they do my arms I have this weird thing
that I love when people massage right
here this is like the best like you're
sensitive yeah like I'm just like oh
okay calm down
you ever get a prostate massage no I had
my anal glands depressed look heat did
you get a massage today I did not I
don't know why
what are you doing this weekend Oscar
movie party tonight good watch like fun
horror movies I guess you gonna make out
with anyone I hope that's always the
dream all right stud did you enjoy
wellness day didn't enjoy the cilantro
lime aid why not I'm not being on
cilantro so liquid cilantro in my mouth
isn't great yeah you want to see my my
background love it let me see it cunt
did you enjoy wellness Friday oh yeah
this good those sweet potato chips for
their dad sexy well actually they're
called rounds
we can't tips is more of like a dirty
word right yeah yeah we can't sink ships
it's triggering
a lot of people cheer for the column
around the 3G Bay we do it say okay
we're gonna try this again
those sweet potato rounds we're great
take their chips there's stuff I haven't
locked hands with you yet so my hands a
little slimy sorry like a sneeze them
another hmm okay so quick final notes
the first being Joe why did that woman
that you never met before why did she
call you Big Daddy Dee hello ladies hey
I actually have no idea I have replayed
the footage over and over again I was
trying to figure out what the hell she
said well if it means what I think it
means I would have been Big Daddy little
Dee also I don't understand when
Tomatoes got so much hate everyone
apparently I know eights tomatoes or do
you hate tomatoes I love Tomatoes a good
fun trusty oh yeah prostate team is that
the Jager make frosting
stop okay keep doing it oh and finally
most important note here's here's the
laptop setup when when I was playing
mafia 3 you don't usually see black guys
in the video game and plus they let them
have real guns you better be careful
done okay I just needed one second it is
now technically a tax write-off thank
you discovery accounting I think that's
it right Big Daddy D I mean Big Daddy
little D that's so why would I say that
because you're self-deprecating I
learned that you got a raise expectation
wait I thought you don't raise
expectation so their disappointments
next level
