Wow listen yeah did you see the video
it's mistreated its bro who for some
reason is wearing green khaki pants and
has no shirt on and decides to fight
with the bouncer no the bouncer is an
undefeated amateur and I'm a fighter but
she's just like a okay swing at me
swinging media make a mistake by the way
why why do people so let's see what's up
Hilary Furman cut is what I told you
I've SJ printed out two of the things if
you want to even look at it I assumed no
cuz it's very nilly relating obviously
how is it a good idea to say go vote but
specifically for this person hey you
watch my daily vlogs you should vote the
same way I vote that's a soft no knowing
it's a hard don't vote you're behind
your conscience vote has a bunch of
people on video said to vote for someone
oh yeah I got a big guys job I got these
lights making one fucking kill myself
are you oh yes Noel is even doing their
studies about how the fucking lights are
horrible because the way they flicker I
design want for video purposes okay cuz
I'm half DP over here alright
oh and oh you like the lights turn makes
it look sexy can't can't we get just do
some gels like we did in the other room
let's do that cuz this is I don't want
to be in here I'm like I'm gonna slowly
get more aggressive against you guys the
longer I'm in this video I what is wrong
with I just peace alright yeah not a
will show all right everybody on some
will show
that's all I really do it's all I got
can I bother you for a minute you busy
yes I sometimes are the comments in
these vlog videos everybody's loving you
I think I've got a certain Jenna say
quad if the kids online simply love
what's like what are you known to do to
have any hidden talents
we are setting up we calling it that
blah blah got a room I don't know I
don't think he won't sees a vlog the
word I'm still going for the fucka
because he's still shooting show oh
hello everybody
what are you doing hey you want to know
something funny you missed yesterday I
was trying to take a selfie and I didn't
know that Keith was around with this
damn camera and Hugh I caught me trying
to take the selfie and I was like no
we're gonna believe that footage I know
work it girl oh god he's touched me sea
breeze by my back it's so good how are
you today buddy
good man how you doing good enough for
the bullshit I'm gonna be doing some
cool art hanging today I made posters
and I'm very proud of them these are we
did from London fest last year spray
painted this to like put it on there to
kind of make it look halfway cool this
is all your work uh yeah well it's not
all me it's me instar our graphic
designer so okay going on uh mister what
is this your to-do list do you have to
kill anybody in the process cuz I'm
seeing your weapons in the background oh
man those real finale yeah yeah they're
heavy you see so for how to do it do
what kill people that use them
I look at videos and everything to learn
how to do it oh so it's like punch flip
good stab me punch things I use
Lightroom and Photoshop in my process um
so I'll take the photo give them a
little a little kiss kind of get them
how I want it to look can we see what
that kiss looks like what that kiss
looks like yeah it's kind of like that
just like sweet kisses and then there's
a tongue in our mouths all of a sudden
you don't know what happened hey boo hmm
there's a tongue in whose mouth it's my
metaphorical hypothetical art woman my
art woman that I'm kissing hmm maybe
I'll be able to get on a poster one day
maybe there'll be something blocking my
face
Oh
oh no I'm trying to get a mile in career
going so oh my that is a very nice rin
dish but we're gonna lose your blood all
right like a ring of wings on my face no
good let me let me get a spoon close up
just to be sure without a monster for
drinks decaf coffee yes monster but do
you have coffee are people like the
taste of coffee but not the effect of
coffee monsters monster people who
shouldn't be like working in this
facility I don't like coffee but I don't
drink caffeine eat it see now you got me
thinking what's like what's something
that's really messed up that I would be
okay with you yeah what is it
got one I think that I think there is a
thing like monsters with caffeine I do I
drink the low carb monsters are the I
love that green monster and Jaeger is my
drink but it's like such it's so sugary
just replace Red Bull with with with
monster yeah that's a true Jager Bomb
Red Bull is moose pissed okay drop it in
green you like moose best oh he likes
booster you catch - things like Red Bull
I'll drink it hola Senor so you need me
to help you sir yeh trying to explain
how scientists were able to develop a
baby from three parents they take part
of one XL part of another right so they
combine them and then the father spill
this thing so you'll be spilling seeds
that's our no where can we make it nice
let's tart rough-cut cool-blue so I'm
pretty fit it's like gonna be kind of
serious kind of serious I'm just gonna
hey hurry up
that's a rat I like the look look like a
container orange juice drink some of it
bro she does it wasn't me I've been
waiting on the bathroom what was your
motivation there was no motivation I'd
say anything that looks like oatmeal
wasn't me no I'll clean it up to the max
that's a nice man I saw a comment on the
on the video today that was like a
foundation yeah but they were like
pointy other no hey just ask him all the
ladies out there will appreciate he uses
matting spray I make it and they were oh
that is Oh sexy DeFranco have to do is
it actually really cool this is not to
be your open it should like turn we do
the clap dude you should know that oh
come on oh yeah let's go now yeah put
the come on fuck yeah so Phil what are
you gonna do today we are gonna we're
gonna do a weekend mail opening video we
haven't done one in a bit and I'm tired
of my office being extremely dirty from
these also I don't have an assistant
today so I would have to clean it up so
we're gonna do it we're then do in this
room plus it looks a little bit sexy
I was opening up the mail it's good
this guy that rooms good rooms rough
getting hot I was hot but also look at
it look at it
hey uh holy shit both did open my stuff
it's like - it's not like even there's
more there's more I'm getting through it
I'm getting through it I love the
packages I love everything but if you
ship something just do it cuz you you
want it like get it to us not cuz no
other reason what was your favorite
thing you got today uh uh uh I think my
favorite one was with the guy said that
he works at a camp that's for four kids
who whose parents are dealing with
cancer the other one was the the arc box
where people had an art night and that's
what the box was inside of the box was
with stuff so that Lindsay and I could
have our own art night I think that's
the main thing that I liked about the
mail vlog is that it's just without
without seeing each other in person it's
it's kind of like someone reaching into
my world for a second so you said that
your mom had a head cancer yeah she had
a deal shit like it was there - very
dark times but she's on but my mom this
my mom the same she had a breast cancer
yeah when I was in high school the world
sunshine like let's let's take a win
today okay let's take a win yeah it was
a good one let's not live inside my head
here scissor me okay it's so weird
