my baby boys you ready for prom yeah
yeah I'm like I want to win but I also
don't want to have to get on stage where
I want to get on stage but I don't wanna
you need aa producer Amanda with the
same we are headed to the streamys we're
nominated for best show of the year
there's a fan vote so we might win I
think if we lose it's going to be to a
big jug or GMM I don't say anything
under Donuts I'm like it's either the
philip defranco show show or
mcjuggernuggets
I'm getting crap a shitty picture Oh
keep hitting Shawn keep fucked up the
picture I think that I could just be I'm
sorry what's wrong with this out do they
know that's a navy jacket he's kind of
looks black would taste that would be a
bad Jew
okay styled by yours truly I'm about to
get my second wind oh my god I know I
should be like really nervous about I'm
doing a quick intro and like giving away
an award the only thing I'm actually
nervous about is I want to get the top
of the script I want to say someone's
name on fuck up a whole bed
in 14 seconds
I don't see my husband's favor here
let's be wrong here we go
I do not like red carpet
I never want to do a red carpet ever
again and - this will be good good
I don't know I but I got like that thing
just drained all my energy like I was
like okay woke up and then
we're good it's gonna be
Oh
I mean you'd actually do a photo shoot I
didn't want to get like another jacket
like slowly going down and wait so it's
like I'm not I'm not getting another
thing at this weight yeah yeah you could
get one for go away
and the shri me goes smooth once like
I'm sorry lies Akashi
here
most of all thank you to the beautiful
bastards that watch my show that
subscribed that that I that just yes
with you I love your faces and
it feels amazing I mean the fact that
people would go out of their way and and
and vote for me and just I don't know
it's not an easy thing talking about the
world because every single thing is a
minefield but when when it's not about
trying to push agenda or saying that my
way is right and it's all about having a
conversation which is the whole point I
started 10 years ago and that's fully
being embraced now I'm so happy I'm
sorry okay just um everyone knows he
fucking came last minute to do the
camera work and he falls bill around and
okay he's amazing he's behind the camera
keep this shit we gotta seize the
prankster asshole that this little convo
tonight man this is good one we had a
small team outing I didn't go to the
after-party where everyone was like
congratulations I want to use you
that's night was a great night I think
for the audience the team just just for
something that's not bullshit on the
internet so last thing I wanted to end
this video on one obviously we're still
trying to catch up in time we've been
down editors we're building up the staff
so that we can keep doing this while we
build out some other stuff that I'm a
little bit excited to tell you about but
I don't know if I can yet also the
second thing when I said that I hate red
carpets a lot of people just did not
know who I was or didn't care about me
and it's because I don't look pretty and
I'm not young anymore also at one point
I thought I was getting pranked but it
was actually a woman that was passing
out on the red carpet I thought she was
like I thought she was pushing me but
she was actually falling I'm so hot and
you just heard people like asking the
same questions and I kept making these
jokes that were that were in relation to
the election and the people asking me
the questions were just like no idea
what the fuck I talk I was talking about
I made an Aleppo joke nothing then I
made some like not completely obvious
Hillary and Trump jokes nothing I think
in large stuff like that as a young
man's game and I'm good honey then my
life which is actually the reason why
the this this award was so meaningful I
know that this happened now like what
three four weeks ago it still it still
means so much to me because it was
audience vote I know that's gonna come
off as like pandering but for me I feel
like I always think that my audience is
better than most other audiences and
communities out there and just to feel
like you guys had my back and you had
really just us as one whole unit felt
like we won that was such a win for me
it really did feel like I had a home and
I had a win because of you and and
hopefully you feel some sort of that
back and forth if not and what are you
doing why are you watching the second
channel is that are your feelings when I
say second Channel one day it could be
the first channel okay my hopes up
though
wait videos not over yet uh here's a fun
last question other than Joe cuz I don't
want to see all the fucking Joe comments
you don't even have to look at his face
it was so far behind the scene is your
favorite purse this is actually horrible
this is gonna be great
for one person self-esteem horrible for
the rest for letting me be in the
running Phil fuck you Joe this ain't
your channel I'm quitting
