are you gonna fight if we get to bring
you in wrong room
see he's down you aren't down I
understand I wasn't down I'm just gonna
end the fight faster with enough that's
true
oh I like having a person that can
actually fight look nothing's gonna
happen just because everyone's angry
online and then hey ha let's it's all
the speed you put the mask on I'll say
the only reason I want to loot when news
is that I can tell jank to go fuck
himself cuz that's what he did last year
we've been waiting Lindsay we're gonna
go get in the uber when I go to the
YouTube space la and hopefully win an
award if not just get incredibly drunk
within reason cuz I got stuff to do
tomorrow god I can't even go hard can
even go hard when I'm supposed to able
to go hard
gonna see if congratulations on your
nomination thank you I love you I did
not have voyage to the higher already to
see you good to see you man what's
happening nothing I thought we were like
I was like last year we came in so early
and then this year I was like okay just
make sure that we get there just before
7:00 it looks like they're doing stuff
before and I was like we're early again
I wouldn't do this just want to see a
drink tonight
this drink coming probably I think so
yeah if he wins again I wonder if he
cursed me out again you get to maybe
maybe maybe I'll throw in a Bernie bro
thing we'll see we'll see oh yeah
speaking to hurt me about this once
again that's all we have to we have to
start making our own news man that's it
here I'm only going to sip like three
sips of this and then she's gonna fish
that's her job last time I drank like
four or five beers I ended up in the
hospital I heart stopped pumping right
but it's okay like nothing's wrong with
my heart is
like I don't I'll call them agree with
me so I did a little sex just so I
couldn't let go around she's like so you
can so you can remember the moments
before your heart freaked out yeah
exactly
get out water I'm a man of my work I got
a lot I like that he does the exact
opposite of what a person with a problem
does he's like I put water in my beer
it's just like it's for appearances I
just flirt with death a little bit it's
okay don't worry about it
are you uh are you up for anything
tonight Doug gaming bullshit something
I'm not gonna take it serious until
until unless I win I feel that I feel
that but you're just like buying it what
you know I respect its Chubby man's
clothes you have to have personality and
pull it off like if I if I wore that
shit people be like it's Phil's having a
midlife crisis but but they're like run
Ron's fucking quirky as shit dude oh you
all right there he was like you are
climbing and he was like was that you
weren't some episode oh no no he didn't
know this is like Hawaii the 60s I go
home are you dominate this year
yes we're nominated for Best new show
and then for full show of the year
okay so work yes show there I was like
wait entertainer no entertainer I'm
garbage show we have a decent one and
what do you think your chances are
newest I'm hoping this has been there's
been a great year the show has gotten
like 10 times better I feel like this is
our year
what is the secret man to being a
successful youtuber knowing that ups and
downs are part of it yeah that at some
point you're gonna feel burnt out and
that it will go away right and then and
also just like don't let the views
define you look at the people that are
that are doing better look at the people
that are rising figure out what you like
out of the out of their stuff and then
make it your own
my name is Dhruv Alban I'm the creator
and the executive producer of the
Streamy Awards we celebrate
creative community and all the work
we're celebrating all the
accomplishments that our community's
done over the past year all right let's
get started
how's it going everybody flapper great
big story the philip defranco show and
the young turks - boy I love you person
I can't see oh my gosh I uh I just uh
shank I saw the young turks gonna take
this oh I'm sorry but also ha oh thank
you I love you faces that I'm gonna go
get drunk down bike right did I thank
everyone I got like I got really
flustered I'll do I'll do video shout
out why not I like it I was the first
award so now I can I just have fun and
not just go off lose aren't I - hey
buddy I'm sorry I was like you know it's
been it's been a while I probably am
like a VidCon like four years ago
yeah I think so and I met you that
through other friends yeah yeah okay man
Congrats on everything again
oh I was like I don't know what did I do
you gonna stake me no no no I'm just
always you are so popular they so pumped
I fuckin love the hair with the suit
combo it's so cool it's called the
maestro look I don't know what to say
I'm uh I'm happy I hold on to this high
and just remember it during the times I
don't neva bleak um where I feel a
little bit shitty that's it okay I'm
gonna go drink now I feel like Jenner
just like constantly remembering how
much money he lost with Priceline fucker
oh well this is for my my main channel
let's go on your channel yeah no it's
mainly I just want to be in the frame
with people that actually have talent
and then I just hope to like take it
osmosis but it's gonna be being wrong
it's gonna be here
yeah are you my god tell me all the
secrets about all the people all right
so listen Michelle Phan first of all let
me tell you this girl she sleeps and a
cryogenic chamber is a we knew it and
then would you - next time on Tuesday
Husum good I'm living here hey president
bro I love it I think just just seeing
it from an outside source of not you not
being like a daily thing that I ingest
when I looked at it I was like I got I
got nothing that where I could be like
on your side and so that's the thing I
don't want to be like an asshole to you
I just didn't like it
yes years ago
I actually posted that on your blog
what year was it 2009 that sounds like
2009 move korean humor anymore like if
it was remotely like the ksi video more
Korean here I just remember the
emotional reaction I had of seeing two
or three videos from you around the ksi
thing and I was like I can't be on board
with whatever the fuck it was that you
were doing that's something you never
want to revisit you know maybe look out
for a set of eyes
maybe now that you've seen there's a
person behind it's always rough right
because you want to be nice to people
and and ah but I can't I can't not be me
and have an opinion and be honest about
it I feel bad a little bit I feel like
there are too many people that everyone
hates each other or someone thinks that
they're an asshole and then when they
see them in person like hey I can maybe
get subscribers from you if we're nice
to each other but if you do something
fucked I'm gonna say you did something
fuck oh and then yeah and then
everything else was great thanks James
just get James and producer Amanda
Amanda I love you know that
