one second what time is it
how are you so good you don't hot
feeling hot kazooie burger and he'd
heard about her she's like blown out
this past week she's a lot of people
calling for her to get removed off a
future should we go downstairs
my lens fogged up yeah oh no oh that's
gonna suck for you we're good burpy
working for it we're gonna shoot with
rich deep skills not wanting to for a
while and we were finally down here and
they're shooting the season of their
million dollars buck it's really
exciting
how you doing see ya yeah do it
nice meet you in our audience yeah
let's chill out I beat you Bobby are you
doing did you see madam glad you come
out for this
yeah for sure we're not getting
marketing and if I went back that's what
I would want to like go Emma's like my
major yeah I went in with pre-med stupid
yeah we just I went into you oh yeah oh
yeah my dad was like you're gonna be a
doctor those I think we did that they're
all older than you so I was pre-internet
really I'm gonna call dick just ignore
everything like an image I yeah he meant
was just like that was the smart
person's job it's like if you have you
identified as being smart kid
Carolyn you would you went to pre-med
way that was like a and take AP courses
you're gonna do this you're going to go
through here that's pretty good jump and
then I took organic chemistry too and I
was like nope yeah
any last words fill the car could be fun
right it'll be fun it'll be a medium
amount so this is actually the fun day
the hard day is when Blaine makes us do
all these ridiculous scenarios
that's really like what am I doing with
my life I regret what I proposed yes
it's always so easy to say something
funny and then have to reenact it later
like suddenly I'm breastfeeding for you
okay for havin an ovary oh so that was
the worst
there was one they did where he had to
be born out of a womb every day so I be
like I was like this one I was naked for
covered in poo like it all these ways
that I try to umbilicus hey everybody
and welcome to another episode of
million dollars why don't you start us
off your snare a million dollars but
every time you something essentially a
oh my god so I can meanwhile yeah when
you eat like you bite you're like
monster them
or is it like oh so much darker alright
well thank you for watching this very
special episode of million dollars but
thanks to our guest mr. Phil DeFranco
hey
I realized I make the same place in
every picture I'll just be an overview
on yeah come out and do a show yeah of
course but it's really appreciate very
nice to meet you
we once began to heat my brain just
turns off that was fun it's always
inspiring to see other people what
they've built and a lot of people think
of youtubers as like a person in their
room that's how it should start like I'm
a big believer in like authentic
beginnings but then to hold on to what's
authentic and what's real and what's
great about it and then build up cuz
they have like it did 200 people you
know how awesome that is like to be able
to grow and keep it authentic weekly put
it in your mouth it's real is this like
a nude pump though it was really good
last time we're here when I called you
out on Twitter for it I was like Phil
the type of guy to tag and follow your
girlfriend but not here and then you're
like I totally had you like zoomed in on
the tags so salty you're always so mad
when Keith wore it
it was Keith's ball
liquor was every part of that it was
like two drinks during the shooting and
then a beer at their studio I'm just
like what about to eat tonight
nothing I think we're just gonna
practice for the debate we have to be
there by 11:00 I'm gonna freeze doing
her note cards right now managing money
we get a two minutes opening statement
to a closing statement and then fight
for home one minute to room - now that
everyone Beach okay so you guys are
legitimately fighting is that what's
happening
but prepare very excited I hope I don't
die
we're going to go out there and we're
going to verbally talk about whether or
not superhero movies are ruining
Hollywood I think they are and then
we'll physically talk about it those
questions will be exercised by us today
we're going to hunt down and breastfeed
truth either
horrific body torture or sweet same-sex
love I don't know either way it's going
to be wet in this ring tonight
do we determine rocking for is the
single greatest boxing movie of all time
your overhaul would
you
what the hell was last night oh man so I
made everyone I experienced the
fantastic festive bait we're trying to
get Phil to do it
we gotta convince him but he doesn't
want to get his ass kicked on you know
video that's on last night great time I
have last definitely gotten to the
spirit real quick and the alcohol helped
yo Dolph Lundgren look there what jobs
right now fantastic night it's like
light thanks next stop bro it's not a
wand and yes my Steadicam looks like an
axis oh yeah you try to bring an acting
through secure it looks like it looks
like or better yet like a knife with
nails and there's clothes on a Saturday
like hey there's maybe a lot of people
see her for it let's not
thank you feeling good man it's a great
weather everything feels amazing it's
gonna take us an hour to get like 25
miles
that's pure LA favorite part of the trip
I think just hanging out with the crew
just in general fantastic fest from my
experience with it was awesome the
fights were badass though Breen Whitney
were amazing I think they had the best
verbal debate ax and then the fight I
think they both underestimated how
exhausting it is the bay point is we had
a blast
