boy how you feel I'm good you guys done
what time do you guys stay out till I
always wondered that for that day then
you go to the bar
no well went to bed how old am i saw
Amanda's texture like two so I figured
you guys went on let me smell like good
it's weird because all the lighting
other than ours right here is this like
warm nice length then go to the restroom
it's this thing where you can see every
flaw
what so uh what flaws do you have now so
so many good lineup picnic or basic bro
I'll probably go to us yeah
good choice thanks man oh why is that is
it flying Trey what do you have for
breakfast
oh I thought you said cocaine I was like
I'm living up that la life that I never
embraced Trey I miss you
I'm so sorry in advance to all the dick
that your ex only gonna have to see
today there's a website that goes
through like 180 thousand a cam girl and
cam guy profiles and they find
doppelgangers to test the story I'm
testing myself but then also like
notable notable youtubers I just got to
make sure I talk about it you know I
think it's just because of like a
picture that's used it's her all made up
so I think it's just those key features
and then some facials anything works you
thinking oh no it's like you to generate
or there's a little man little man's to
you just one guy I'm gonna try and start
filming someone find the video Gigi had
to eat my mother okay on a why censored
myself but then gave up it's gonna be a
great show solid show famous last words
we'll get some eats yeah I'll see you
guys later hit my crack shot oh wait
what was that
do you just touch the line yes and
built-in variable nd so I can speed
instead of adjusting the iris that's
cool
wait so we would you go this morning I
started walking down the bridge I took a
couple time lapses it again really hot
and I was all sweaty to tell me I'm
gonna come back and just change anytime
I wear a tank top I'm just like this
feel dirty about you John do you like
wearing white Peters and Lily man they
call him wife beater John and there's
like no no no they don't we'll just
we'll create a fake narrative where I go
Joe I will be busy so to show the people
the beauty is you have Austin I did that
thing where I stepped up and there
wasn't a step there's really good
I always a question whenever there's a
place I had shirts and like how touristy
are you actually that good that's a good
dip I I like that you compliment me on
everything
it's cheese so I like it yeah what your
name Kelly color yeah that's me
no longer the outraged youtuber
according to Kotaku I am agitated I've
been downgraded in emotional extremity
seems like Billy Dee has become the face
for youtubers dude come on you just got
to appreciate the pictures every every
time I want to fucking blog or a news
thing it's like you can't use the tons
of regular pictures of me I'm always
like well I guess I can also pause my
video and make me look crazy
also I already shared if I get talked
about in the news I want this picture
used yeah this one right now so this is
a really chill place like welcome you to
Austin Texas Austin was first found in
1828 initially as a tax haven for people
from Dallas there's a lot of a lot of
tax write-offs for people with trees and
cars that's why the trucks are so big
here they're bred to be bigger meteor
buff here I'm done with this bit
I picked the least interesting part of
this fucking city to do this here's what
I know about it Texas soil Alamo
battlestar galactica fried foods
Longhorns Cowboys Friday Night Lights
and that's it that's all I know about
Tex Embassy Suites and FSC Suites
we're all about to be split up
all of our beaters could think of a more
incredible film to kick off Fantastic
Fest arrival it's really a huge just
beginning of madness mayhem nonsense and
debauchery a choose-your-own-adventure
ladies and gentlemen Oh bad half and
let's just have the best week ever what
do you say I like you want some time
travel I like it I like time travel
anything at our devil I'm in that
spoiler spoiler I'm trying to think of
what I can actually say about the
arrival that does not ruin it here's
what I'll say it's a mindfuck it's a
little slow pace it's one of those
movies that I'm not going to be sure how
to exactly rate it for probably like a
day I just got to think about it think
if I think like oh that's deep words
pull shit
you're very very very lucky tonight to
have a director with us so can I have
onstage please mr. crisp echo but more
you guys are in the know you know how
long it takes to get him we need I've
been in love with this movie for so long
I'm so excited to share with you guys
they had plenty of opportunities just
off the bad guys the bad character
they're like mmm he just sucks him up
yet again
the best person that movie was Jeremy
it's tied up on the opposing ceiling so
that you cut the line in the collision
I'm saying there was no way in fucking
hell he's like oh I'm gonna drop it
somehow magically throat cut 12 feet
with a perfect artist no way he's
standing on a second-story landing above
that and like they just not and and and
it's the centerpiece for here babe I
don't like being horrible but like that
moment really love is like but I was
like that's how you would do the fake a
trick from home alone buddy I do not
have another one in me I don't it's just
there's good food good movies uh y'all
can go to the midnight show um I'm done
I do kind of wish that I was here the
entire time though if I didn't also have
to shoot videos I'll be so good okay
I'll see you tomorrow
I know but I'll miss you until then
shit
