everyone came in a little bit early
shooting at the show getting it out and
then getting getting in a bunch of
vehicles to get to a plane that is going
to take us well a Wyeth fuck I'm
explaining like this we're going to
Texas and it's like I don't know there's
something about Texas is just like a
game and it does get on the road but she
does like double in Texas so wait I
don't do as good if we're not going to
hang three garbage I mean I thought
about moving I thought about moving the
company to Texas so you could just
realize your full potential I mean I'm
all for that
all for that I also get to my hotel I
don't sleep that's not here we got shit
to do today
he thinks he's going to sleep we gotta
get there we got shit to do I'm Jeremy
suggesting only be a 90-minute comment
so there's possibly a live audience
involved but you'd be the main host
you'd be kind of like you run the whole
show I mean I like the game but I sucked
the multiplayer play the story so I'm
casual gamer that my worry is that it
might come off disingenuous even though
I have a fan of the franchise or a lot
of potential downsides to it my comfort
level is I don't want to do it well and
that's why I asked I was like is there a
live audience or see just live streaming
there's a difference and he was like oh
no audience and then they came back and
they were like maybe small audience I'm
like they seem like they're still in the
process and I'm like well then we don't
want to sign on to something that's not
developed but Jeremy saying they need an
answer pretty much now then okay if it's
if it's that kind of rush and it's
during two of the days that would
normally film I'm gonna say no and I
think I think we have to think of
authenticity and and we have to think
about our actual like our baby the main
show yeah that's one of the harder
things to do is to say no in certain
place in your life it's definitely
easier to say no and and I'm a big
believer in saying yes for new
opportunities or certain things or
you're like that's not really a match
it's maybe something I want to get into
but I would feel like complete fraud
it's more than just a check which is is
there a nice amount of money I got I
gotta say
we gotta go see ya know we're doing
last-minute fixes I'm gonna get my
mystique along so I get nervous about
life although I think getting better at
it
good thanks for that addition goodbye
you don't have much time bye
are you going to fantastic.this no hate
to sit here by myself
mo Keith will be here you're not going
up in tezi says me and why do you have
to keep bringing that out I wish you
were Adele and you're like my second hat
all right I'm gonna it's like we're
together now we're gonna be a part do it
Hamlet are we oh it's just yeah coming
miss you I am so excited for Fantastic
Fest I'm nervous we're gonna miss our
flight but it's okay we'll make it
we've got to get the show up everyone
accepts time it fits actually for us to
be fun i'ma wear these inside the Medusa
we already called ubers know hey that
we're going to Texas I don't like travel
days until we're all on the point it's
festival right yeah I'm kind of stressed
you aren't I always think they're gonna
leave without me hey it's possible it's
only happened one time and it's the only
time I've ever hated someone I worked
with but I went away after an hour so
people can make mistakes so sometimes
depends on the mistake oh wait we're
going one word to describe your
excitement a Dumbo's mutt playing really
excited about the Cape I'm going home
man Texas is my home movies and also
catching up on Atlanta on FF yeah I
think
for barbecue and beer and and to kick
hopefully I'm really excited about
seeing movies barbecue Shiner Bock and
that I'm excited about the barbecue I'm
excited about that little baby right
there look look oh this is creepy I
can't do this you got to reshoot it do
it again everyone do it again guys take
- your hair looks great by the way
oh you're an asshole no way means you're
gonna say so I mean it's something Oh No
so I tweeted out that the reason I'm
going to Austin I'm going because Amanda
has been like pressuring me for a year
to go to Fantastic Fest and someone
replied to both of us and said I'm so
sorry to hear that hopefully you get to
go to a city that actually knows Mexican
food like Houston genival oh you're
funny
do you wanna okay just wait as you just
right - Amanda
smart mark yeah he sounds like a winner
this is evidence that I didn't write the
street
I just don't send it with them with the
misspelled no I'm going I typed so fast
when I'm angry that I got to go back and
go right watch this is Amanda oh dang
why don't you come to ATX or any other
real Texas City and tell me that Houston
five boy oh boy but I'm from Dallas real
city San Antonio real city here's the in
garbage I don't I don't I don't harbor
those sweets please think are your three
favorite things
Longhorns football games Oh Alamo
Drafthouse Mexican martinis from spider
house best thing you'll ever do I'm just
gonna follow Ricky he's just cooler than
me so I'm like cool by association or am
I just left school
by comparison think it's the last name
why are we here so why are we here
I wanna see a movie so we're getting our
badges for Fantastic Fest we're gonna go
to the like opening night hang out party
things but it's really just food sleep
show in the morning something movie
something else movie something else
obviously I'm not the person that has a
schedule if you can tell from this
interaction so I opened my snapchat it's
going to end in a minute it just there's
been 90 constant seconds of this this
woman I imagine just voting for me
there's just a lot of love there's a lot
of love we better win it's crazy every
person every single day can vote a
hundred times I don't know what the
purpose of that is that's insane
they're like they just want to damage
the hands of all of our supporters my
number one mistake on anytime like we go
to these events is I feel like I have to
stick to the group and that's not it's
not the case also it's like when we go
to comic-con and any of those big places
so I can get three people in anywhere I
can't get 10 people in anywhere
that's our site blowing up to the club
with a bunch of dudes you get the chicks
in you know we can't get the dudes in I
don't have that experience I don't
I only go to clubs if I have like an in
I mean I would wait for some shit that I
want to go to like I want to wait like a
water slide no I don't want to wait to
go over pay for some drinks oh are you
still open and I still open fuck
I just want eats I think he said
something about a food truck to me for
something that way go I think you should
go in first and someone might get
murdered No hey kids subscribe to the
blog you got to come up with a name cuz
it's not the blog again differentially
fucking DeFranco do this because people
will for years now call it fucking made
everyone like fader guns fucking hate
you
what do you keep in fucking bag and then
now you're adding blood stat Stefan I
fingered on before Keith added effect
Brittany's face that's that's what I'm
feeling right now bad I'm only two
drinks in on being hey Amanda I'm gonna
let you leave
since this this is a feel of like a
college party I wasn't invited to be
friends
in a ranger range at sofa punch to me it
is Wow small world
you're here for fantastic that's catchy
and what number is it for you our birth
sit up so nice to run into you guys
we can go back I can watch TV shows and
go to sleep all the food places we
wanted were closed when this this night
is just shambles so tonight's been a
complete failure thanks to Amanda yeah
we went to three restaurants that were
closed we got food at a baller place
then we got here too late because
because Amanda wanted a second round of
drinks and it definitely wasn't my idea
here's the lesson we learned James is a
very judgmental person and despite his
despite his issues despite his issues
with respecting other people I think
that he has the ability to grow as a
human being and even if he doesn't his
skill set supersedes that for my
purposes what do we learn be good at
something enough to be an ass actually
that's a great bit of advice that's
pretty much how la runs
you
