yeah I can do a video on the rule is
really the biggest youtuber on YouTube
because it's actually what I can't say I
can't say it in this video yeah yes it's
me it's me now it's do you know if it is
legally guess you do marina I know I
haven't researched a little bit is a 7
year old boy no does he open up presents
this is that one ryan toysreview
business opportunity were missing film
to look at these names like ganyan model
I can look clean so there are two
criticisms about you actually not too
crazy piece of input ok yeah one in the
first video there are a lot of mouth
sounds that I did now that happens in
the later ones what I do just just
listen is it me breathing like really
heavy there's a lot of really oh I
didn't pick it up in any of the edits
like you know what I'm doing because
it's black the second one is that people
love you jo-jo oh oh they do you just
got dude energy okay I didn't energy
you're funny
oh okay that's sweet well thanks
everybody it's morning did you miss me
don't watch prove it how was a camera on
you maybe at some point oh no not even
here we go no I can't yeah so how's that
banana it's great for breakfast yeah
let's see it
let's see you take another bite
Jane Who am I gonna talk about today uh
guess is cancelled oh good we're going
at daily vlogs right now I need you guys
got a lot faster okay okay we're gonna
hook up one why watch put your hand over
the lens can we YouTube and then the
next time it'll come back and we're like
no trick there's so many colors what
colors ah the wall boo boo oh wait
yellow
you're right blue I don't see purple but
close are you doing buddy thank you fine
daddy
we're gonna go find daddy yeah okay go
for it you really go
not daddy you look a little bit
different so your dad no no mom pop you
know my job looks high no yes I'm so
should we get that big bottle and carry
it think it'll help you find him
well he's like I can't hold it and we're
that in here is daddy in there did you
open the door and go in there yeah okay
gold forgot in there hey we're searching
for dad oh I found a Tsar guys like my
video it's really long you just gotta
look through a peon the finest music
you'll get it don't even know any 70
right we haven't closed the door please
I think I have an idea how about we go
this way
honey good daddy behind the door Oh what
oh right what are you so wet that is a
car do you want to see it oh it is a
silver car oh my gosh how many wheels
does it have what Jimmy boy hi hey fan
name seven wheels I only see four can
you count them again wait let's see
let's let's point let's point to we boy
yes more four why do you want a five to
seven wheel car that doesn't seem
practical are you gonna bring that out
here's a dot even finish yeah okay yeah
mother uh yeah I'm getting there I'm
gonna I'll go through the next things
really fast yeah yeah Padre I love you
hey he's going to work in candy dude oh
yeah those are so yucky
yeah yeah you in a hazelnut latte yeah
No
hey we're candy masam thanks buddy
ya know that popcorn he's not gonna want
lunch hey can you hit it with your head
okay Trey can you take this I suppose
can you kick this with your foot
oh yeah his favorite book right now is
this ABC book every night that's his
book that's his book I want this hey you
ready
actually let me into the restaurant room
hopefully you're not picking up my mic
pack yeah I do another one of these no
come on Phil come on just let me I don't
lock it keep it unlocked
oh sweet gosh everything you dreamed of
so much all right have fun at lunch
right ray parked yo fail what up how was
lunch with the family it was good yeah
hate so much sushi if they I could see
the more during lunch that would make my
day so much better yeah it was a little
sweet surprised they came in right yeah
well I was like I heard like I was like
is that Trey and then I end them the not
go so cute Lindsey for the first time on
the defranco fan channel made the
trending page and she she ended up
turning off the college because she was
like the amount of fucking idiots that
are on the video right now that are just
coming in and like how dare you have
like you like hold a gun and be ready to
defend your life and your child's life
here's what I'll say it's cuz someone
someone tweeted me and they're like that
should be like the last option okay if
someone breaks into my home and my son
and my my wife are there my two-year-old
baby is there the last thing on my mind
is the health and safety of the person
breaking into my home I know that there
are a lot of people that have a bunch of
different ideas I've never made it a
secret that I'm pro-gun for home defense
I don't she's gotten like a really good
community so around a hundred thousand
without it being toxic which has been
amazing I think their first bout of it
in a long time but in that situation is
you were them you know in my opinion
yeah yeah em I bet yeah are you kidding
me also I like the idea that the person
bringing into the breaking into the home
might not have a gun like that ass oh oh
yeah you know who knows anyway
considering how busy you are how do you
feel like balancing business and family
it's my number one struggle in life for
me the past six months I've really
really really focused on the show and
and I'm happy right I've gotten results
from it and that's great but you have
friends family business right and
usually when you focus on one to kind of
stuff or if you focus on to the thirds
just completely a completely garbage and
I've really focused on business to the
point that I feel like I really only
hang out with friends only on the
weekend where I used to hang out with
them all the time my parents I really
haven't called as much like I've been
meaning to call my mom for like three
weeks do you want try to work for the
fam business do I want trade or in for
the family business everyone oh I don't
know what he wants to know right now
he's just pumped about trains and
monster trucks good working with family
as dangerous working with friends is
even dangerous I think there needs to be
a mutual understanding that like
businesses business and friendship is
friendship one thing doesn't equal the
other that's hard though I've had I've
had work mess up relationships before
and then I've had work completely not
mess up relationships you ever fired me
I won't take it personally unless unless
unless I'm like fuck Joe's yeah fuck Joe
you know I need I need an enemy I need
it that's why I've realized it sucks it
sucks I don't have I feel like I have a
story and there's no there's no
antagonist but also on the other end
like there's a part of me that's like
I'm 30 years old I need to dot fight
with people on the Internet let's go
watch your favorite youtuber you're
gonna have to bleep out you're gonna
leave out of it
