whoa how are you today Phil great trying
to up my game every time I say hi to you
I don't know Phil every day it's gonna
get more and more weird no don't say
that the bar is already where it is all
right do I'm doing the lower the bar
gonna raise the bar what you want to do
it you don't touch that bar okay don't
touch the boil it alone back away from
the bar okay
you like the desserts hey Phil we'll
just start with those we'll start over
ready hey good to see you for the first
time this morning yeah no it's great
it's great start to the day Phil you
know today is what a sponsored a led
yeah we're new members get their first
month of the shit showered shaved
starter set for five dollars with Free
Shipping yeah the executive raises the
trial size versions of the shave butter
the body cleanser and one wife Charlie
butt wipes oh yeah boo and the best part
Joe do you know what it is under your
voice yeah what's up after the trial box
replacement razors are just a few bucks
a month that sounds great Phil I'm so
glad you approve so the people's in Hell
Oh God Oh up to you so the people gotta
head over to Phil Adina so the people
gotta hit all number two uh
dollarshaveclub.com slash billy be right
sounds good do you say Phil I have to
unfortunately it's like it doesn't even
come out in a big bold manly way it's
just a ton of stragglers all over the
place yeah you you get like the
five-year shadow which means seems like
takes a while to grow that shit out yeah
all right Phil well uh we're gonna we're
gonna see who wants to get shaved down
today I'm gonna go around see what what
guys want to get shaved and and you know
just maybe we'll do a shave a beard we
go save some legs some tits some nipples
let's kind of see where the day brings
us spill are you okay with that we could
shake your nipples Phil if you want you
have hair on your nipples Phil I do not
okay
I'm the only Italian in the world that
is just not hairy you don't have hair in
the Nettles no cuz yes I do and you
actually look like it yeah and I have to
save the hairs on my nipples ya know I
can help
hairless Italian so good you're still a
stud you're still a stud thanks Joe who
do you thinks gonna get shaved colleges
never wide it I walked in this morning
not expecting this question like I came
in this morning I was like man today's
gonna be a hard hard day we got to try
and talk about some community stuff try
and talk about some world stuff and then
we go to save some nipples
yeah cut out of left field but it's all
good filler to me Joe love you too well
we'll see what happens how about
Pittsville about your fist you grow and
your Pittsville
yes I grow hair there ok cool just I'm
not completely here yeah ok we'll see
about that I have a question do you like
do you like being shaved you wanna be
saved you want to be safe like shaved
down first
yeah like you're gonna get shaved do you
willing to get like your legs save or
your beard safe yeah you're down so your
beard or your legs you're down for
either/or sure anything else eyebrows
chest armpits you have a butt hair back
here anything else cool great alright
thanks I've seen a little bit Thanks
what are you willing to save the day
beard your legs are my tits here I
already shaved for this channel use that
footage wouldn't you do that back at the
old office really have Dollar Shave Club
sponsor it's the first time I shaved my
legs cut to a clip did you ever think
you'd have two girls work in you yep
like any closer so we're asking the boys
in the office what they're willing to
shave the beard leg hairs a hair the
actual hair the eyebrows the armpits
what are you down for you down to do
something like face or maybe my legs
okay so you're down for beard and and
legs my skinny chicken legs no eyebrows
no I got things to do this weekend in
life great thanks Keith bye bye I smell
food I smell hide in I smelled your food
might particularly not spawn that's fun
we are sponsored today though right yeah
with Dollar Shave Club I use Dollar
Shave Club oh do you really I use the
razors because they're really good
they're cheaper to pay four bucks once a
quart
once every three months they're better
than like the stuff you buy advance on
this though all those stores with
they're all locked up locked up like
they're good and they're expensive and
they're currently stuck like Dollar
Shave club's like what four or five
razors yeah but shaving my legs for
almost twenty years
okay so twenty years experience to bring
20 years of shaving experience great you
ever shaved a mustache I've never shaved
anyone's face but I feel like it's
probably similar to shaving other
sensitive areas yeah okay thank you for
your service you down to get anything
saved I'll do my heart no mark
all right got the bowl we've got the
bowl looking sexy the ladies do you want
to save the boys
you want to save legs or or stash okay
you doing legs you doing face no we're
just gonna leave a message
yeah here so just get a mustache and
then also at the same time Jason's gonna
face was gonna shave his arms with the
with the dollar safe stuff we had a
little trial kit right here Ben for
who's gonna save into a mustache there
we go your default two legs baby was for
just the one spoon oh yeah because
there's nobody else on it take off your
pants
okay how far they go we're doin just the
one leg right good you dressed me with
an actual razor on your face let's see
this is the shit shower and shave travel
kit this is a blades all right so
everybody gets a fresh new blades here
you get a first blow thank you one wipe
Charlies for the butts okay you get a
one bite charge yeah here you get a one
all right so everybody got the blades is
there any structure to this whatsoever
or am I just gonna come to shave your
face turn them up real quick with that
with their luck degrees I'm so nervous
all right okay here we go I just need
the one for now so far we've left these
two need women to get their shit done
I'm gonna guess I'm the only man in
there
you know it's fine
see my muscle there are it's so much
hair every time I think oh it's not that
much hair left there's layers and layers
you're gonna feel about this it's
probably gonna be into it I imagine
probably was enjoying the fact that a
man's getting his leg shaved you know
yeah bit of a gender reversal there
next shaving gives me a lot of anxiety
yeah we're just talking about Sweeney
Todd and like I don't wanna you know
gonna okay you know what the best
feeling is specially wash sheets cold
get them cold and then get in and just
like scissor kick just everywhere it's
the best feeling in the world thank you
look so good the mustache is back
final thoughts on your save legs it was
the first time I've ever shaved my legs
and it feels really good although I'm
not looking forward to the subsequent
burn and itchiness great it's fucking
smooth as hell
definitely the smoothest that I ever did
ladies your thoughts and shaving men it
was exciting
life also can we just talk about how
excited they are to be shaving it's not
exciting yeah final thoughts it's very
smooth this is the second brand of razor
I've ever used because in college they
just dumped this huge box with like 300
razors on it and I grabbed like 30 of
them and I've been using the razors from
that same box for the past six years
this is the first time not using a
Gillette keep with the shaving legs like
this feels nice like yeah no shit right
like I know good are you do it all the
time because society tells us that we
okay Joe it's a fun day today I'm so
glad we saved people we saved the men of
the office Phil you know I can't even
actually I was thinking about it and
after he after we did the intro and I
was like that's not it's not I've done
this before we've done that we've done a
shaving challenge before yeah it's
actually less weird because last time we
did it we did it with someone that just
was a guest in office I was like hey
would you like to shave our legs oh
really
oh say they did the shaving they were
yeah James do the throwback to said that
he got Steve we had late oh shit it was
awkward for him for months
I already still shaves his legs Phil if
you ever looked you wear shorts Allah
Allah Allah legs are always shaped I'll
show you I think he's kind of into it
he's just not you know he's not gonna
let us know okay okay so Cole Phil
sounds good and butter the glad that we
experienced this you know yay
nobody saved their nipples so Phil we
didn't get that for I'm very glad Joe
it'll been a bloodbath then the the team
self-regulates and it's not just joel
and out there when I'm working
it was just pure Joel and we'd be
bankrupt because they were just real
awesome yeah yeah who'd be lawsuits to
be blood
there'll be some crazy stuff going on
all right so it sounds good I'm glad
ok
I already ended this wool and an arcade
by everyone I just want to say I just
tried the one wipe Charlies and I feel
like I just gave my ass a mint
