mr. doing Kyle watching Phil's
livestream you would you would come in
here I'm good bro I'm looking for Phil
DeFranco
ya know Phil DeFranco is he a brother
you know where he went oh no brah I hate
wearing this I feel when I walked out to
get a card really quick I felt so
vulnerable and you get this earring like
yeah yeah this is what a fat kid in high
school back when I was in high school
thought cool kids looked like I was 270
ish pounds or something like that and
high school I dropped down to around 180
I'm so I got super thin and I felt good
about myself and all of a sudden it was
backwards hat I went to declare his in
the mall gots me yeah and that and that
was what I looked like for a bit I
FaceTime Lindsay before I even showed
pictures anywhere and I don't think she
realized that everyone was in the room
and she was like I'm temporarily into
this and I was like who are you but she
also said she's like you need to
remember like I fell in love with you
when you looked like this right so this
is even weird for me because like I know
you look like a douchebag but there's
part of me that goes mmmm let me get
this all right Keith weekend plans
weekend plans doing a film shoot all day
tomorrow
and then working on podcasts and other
things on Sunday so pre-packed we can't
unfortunately but you be probably
nothing tomorrow
I've worked freelance work gotta get
done all right go you got dude I don't
know what up to this weekend I don't
know I live by the day
so I'm would say by the hour oh I have a
party I'm going to a 70s party it's not
what are people necessity where Allah
and I suppose was like a homeless 70s
person where I gotta clean out I thought
you're gonna let me into the oh yeah
there are house like obviously you know
what Jo you're not a pretty late again
the goddamn oh yeah
we don't have any places what's your
main thing in looking for homes I want
it to be the social phones
I think we're sons so many difference is
that this isn't a position won't go back
to a flip phone keepin it real you can
go to AA here's the thing right if
you're a if you're a youtuber each have
a blog just so you can buy cool shit and
then write an office in expose I mean if
you can afford it it's not like it's not
free this one's gonna be show the other
the other day where she was like you got
those headphones you didn't buy them
anywhere gonna buy them you're gonna be
good and you bought that
nothing it the blog got it yeah yeah
thanks it's the question that you have
to have with every young why are you
doing this you know what I respect
everyone's hustle okay let me get in it
you doesn't want to be famous you wanna
be richer but I think that's a lesser
purpose because it can make someone
laugh is it to tell the story is it that
say that life is stupid and nothing
matters it just what is it you need to
know your why and sense yeah this is
huge one I like that that's way better
than everything I just said you need to
know your wife I'm gonna figure out your
have oh damn
I'm a writer self-help then you figure
out the win then the where we are we
just doing who what when where what yeah
yeah we're gonna be off this is not
liking to the kiss yeah was that a kiss
so what we doing we're gonna go to a
meeting pitching a show trying to
convince people to uh to give us their
money should be a pretty easy pitch I
think they like the idea this didn't
know if it was being pitched just and
people were saying that I was excited
about it or I was actually excited about
it but I am very excited about it as
long as the numbers are right
it's good uber yeah get in the nuumber
meetings are always interesting just
because it's a it's the one moment that
I have to turn off the humble switch and
be like so we're awesome we want to we
want to mix with your awesome so we can
make even great or awesome exponentially
awesome if you will and they go why are
you saying awesome it feels like you
didn't prep to this meeting were you
secretly shooting Zach Braff no I
should've known I should have I think he
thought you were shooting it no really
because he was like I did get him in one
shot actually he's one of the people on
the line of like he seemed approachable
and I'm a fan and I wanted I wanted to
say hello but I felt like I would he got
nervous and he would've been like oh
yeah what did you like about the last
movie because I helped like crowd fund
it and I'd be like oh the trailer park
part oh fuck me so I wanted to end this
video on two notes one Joe why are you
shooting like my ass all the time just
like from an upward angle like I'm
fucking Scarlett Johansson in the
Avengers movie but to I want to really
hit home the point that I I kind of was
making and then I started gushing about
Zach Braff I am two people when it comes
to this I'm me and then I'm me in a
meeting it you have to sell yourself you
have to be the most confident person
about how fucking amazing you are even
if you really don't think so some of you
have like can back it up some of you can
it doesn't matter you usually can't tell
who's faking it some people just got it
some people have had it since day one I
didn't I faked it I made it and now I
get to just be like look look at the
shit it's good to be humble it's good to
remember where you came from it's good
to be grounded but you need to know when
to switch it and if it's in every avenue
in life I remember I worked at Target
for a day when I got that job
I didn't think highly of myself I didn't
think to ask for any more money and I
got paid the exact base salary my buddy
who got the same job at the same time
got a dollar more an hour than me and
all he did is that he wanted it he
believed that he should have that he
asked for his skill wise age wise
experience wise we were the same person
he just went for it and I didn't
hopefully something out of that brain
soup that's coming out of my mouth that
makes sense to you that uh that's gonna
help you or it didn't and you're like go
away I'm done with this video I'm
leaving a comment right now that that
says you're an asshole
not after another book shot though
ah no no
