show do you have a fucking you have your
own cellphone playing I keep I'm trying
to get an idea Brian are you on your
parent's cell phone planets as well okay
so what do you pay a month if I can ask
on contract it's like 70 and it's just
you it's me and my sister but me alone
on that contract is them 75 hey you're
tired you need to be on camera as fast
as possible
their own cell phone bill what do you
pay a month approximately 40 bucks a
month how the fuck is everyone so no one
t5 you be 25 do you have data no it's a
lot of family plan okay
well I'm on a family plan with Lindsay
and we but the problem is we use so much
damn data last I don't even want to say
how much I fucking paid on my personal
yes guess guess how much I paid on mice
on a month and keep us keep in mind this
is Lindsay and I $200 I was supposed to
pay 400 last month
somehow I went over 15 gigs and they
charge $15 per extra gig and pay like
I'd be like $600 last month I'm
canceling that shit I could buy a new
iPhone every month you can start your
own this is ridiculous okay anyway so
I'm going out of town tonight so I'm
hoping that we can execute a surprise
for Phil for his 10th anniversary on
YouTube we're gonna tinfoil his entire
PDS set tin foil is the 10th anniversary
gift for a wedding like a couple a
marriage so I consider his like YouTube
marriage um thing but I'm not gonna be
here so I'm discussing with the guys
like what we should wrap and what we
should do
it'll be really good I'm excited and
YouTube's involved they're gonna help
like send out you know some of our
videos and promo him and stuff like that
so everyone's really excited I mean it's
a big fuckin thing like it's crazy but
I'm trying to get all of it I looked at
my imaginary while I'm trying to get all
of it done before I have to get on a
flight so actually I'm gonna go to in
there
we mana performed it tisk
this weekend and called raw and it's a
camel movie paramedics had to be called
with them so many people passed out in
the movie from how like gruesome it is
and it's like what happened at two
festivals and screened up and I want to
see it's not mad it's gonna be here it's
gonna be a fantastic motherfucking are
you comfortable with him kind of trying
his hand at Facebook and stuff tomorrow
with the show good like you kind of yeah
just it's just understanding tone that's
really a Facebook in general favors
content that's not click mating usually
cursing in it screws you go screws you
up on Facebook so if you're going to say
fuck it that like this morning I did
something on Twitter and Facebook and so
on Facebook I'll put it like screw it
it's stupid but it's it's amazing the
difference and it might just be the
audience I have something to ask you get
here so early this week because you
haven't been able to sleep yes
is there any way for me that you could
potentially promise not to be here
before like 6:30 or 7:00 tomorrow
sure okay thank you
it's for your own good I'm not family
surprises oh but I feel like you like it
just hope you like speakers shook good
mail trip morning strippers though that
sounds horrible and inconvenient Oh
puppy named Littlefoot oh you're lucky
you're lucky mom's not here anymore
she's so pissed
Oh Jo's in love right now jo is like the
biggest dog person
I'll wait whenever I see how you are
with my dogs I feel so garbage I feel
like a garbage human being I'm like
that's right I used to show them that
much love before Trey stranger things is
a good example of give it over here
they're gonna let me go you know what
I'm okay with you just latching on like
a barnacle philip defranco wait is this
the new area it's kind of nice just cuz
you actually have color and stuff and it
was a fun time it looks like we're
sponsored by once upon a time you know
we're sponsored by them or that we work
in the place where they make their
fucking dirt really you're gonna do some
Raisin Bran yeah my face she'll get it
you have to like touch your door first
bye memories on the microphone oh yeah
all right we'll be doing Cod we're going
to go print some things and get some
surprises for Coe
he's a famous actor oh yeah yeah he's a
famous actor we just wait he has a big
movie coming up you gonna cut the soap
operas
what are those soap opera ones you're in
all the family is that one ah
seventh heaven I think it's all in the
family right that's one night do you
watch soap operas so yeah okay so our
Eliza he takes his shirt off and a bunch
of episodes - that's not sure make sure
you get everything from going before he
leaves and then Joe are you good for
tomorrow
yes oh it should be here by like what oh
yeah yeah Keith knows when he has gone
to find me here all right Thank You
Richie
have fun filete oh you're getting
married yeah nice before you you're fine
you know there's gonna be none of this
yeah honestly I'm sure he's just leaving
it - not my hands leaving it to the guys
even though I 100% trust them it's just
like it's not me that's doing it and I
planned all of it so not me not
executing it makes me super anxious yo
Phil yes what up Lars a big day right oh
yes what day is it it's gonna be the ten
year anniversary of my burger ten years
old that's the 10 years since i I've
been on YouTube longer than 10 years but
ten years since I created my account the
first video I ever uploaded was December
6 2006 but I've had my account yes in
September wow I'm surprised I'm still
around man I jumped into this right when
it shifted from people hosting their own
videos and have to pay thousands of
dollars of Pico in bandwidth fees whoo
YouTube just going hey upload and some
people are gonna see your stuff and
they're gonna comment you can reply back
that never really existed for a video
created before I wasn't a video creator
before either I was just some weird kid
in a room that wanted to talk to people
you big plans for tomorrow he plans for
it no I've been told not to come in till
7:00 which means I know that there's
shenanigans I mean I don't want any
strippers if it's me I'm also no even
when I go to a strip club like with with
buddies for like a bachelor party I
don't know too
hands are you implying that you've been
to a male stripper club with your
buddies for best male stripper club yes
all the dongs in your face no finger
guns ever Deeley he gone so Phil just
left and we're gonna now set up his room
for the tinfoil prank let's go
Darren what the hell are you I don't
know man I heard we're supposed to tin
foil a room don't know what that means
but like freelance money Segway it's
about time we tin foil the room guys
ready free to go come on team finally -
you made my ear pops see that he uses
one finger any real man uses huh -
things already failing the mission damn
it boy what are you looking for did you
do I don't know it what's up influenced
by magnetic is it
how do we feel yeah I'm great I feel
good I feel great about it I don't have
to deal with it feels upset or not so
I'm positive I'm excited to see how Phil
reacts to this I think if he tries to
make us take it all down we should just
be like ah we're gonna grab breakfast I
know who's gonna have to take care of me
yeah
that's fucked up a pill the other words
how do you feel
what if what is this I completely didn't
plan on this oh my god manda kept
texting me she's like do not come in to
seventh I'm just gonna do the show like
this oh yeah oh god I hear your pins
thank you and some pens there thank you
of course your mug over there that oh
wow oh wow this is like everything old
school Philly D oh wow okay right clock
on wall Axe body spray is this cuz
Lindsey said a war axe body spray for
the first three years of relationship
and it almost end to this Angry Birds
old-school Angry Birds set oh oh no oh I
think my next you fat for this buddy oh
oh yeah
next to fat I know here I'll hold it for
you like to get extended alright this is
this is the most recent sorry said open
Anna love it's amazing this is like
literally everything the car that I
crash into a fire hydrant one rest in
peace buddy
old school month or not old school
monkey but blankie Oh Megan Fox probably
part of the reason that I even got any
views in the first place Megan Fox watch
that's hilarious
have you ever seen a Megan Fox watch no
oh you're in for a treat
Megan Fox watch I mean you could be like
jerking off and just uh yeah that's the
future of the Apple watch man just needs
slightly bigger screen straight-up watch
porn that's true Pokemon just a fanboy
since the early days Oh Steve's monkey
the monkey that that really defined the
show and then we got rid of it because
we were worried that uh we're gonna get
sued wait ask you oh no no no no is
Basques University the University for
oh you're some sort of a bit there's so
much like happiness and shame in this
basket I don't think these will fit in
my ears anymore even though my ear holes
have not completely right they're pretty
much closed and feel the whole let's try
to do it come on
I feel like you're egging on is what
what girl is trying to jump into like
the porn industry must feel like I don't
really want to got a capsule or oh no
it's close it fits
oh oh whoa I thought it closed this is
just for you you're coming to live with
her amen I can do a little nose one pull
off a Tupac slash Busey pretty much the
same person
yeah I don't think that I can get this
year oh this is I can't even I want to
see I got to see what this looks like oh
no I don't know we have this for you two
after you tried it I'm gonna watch me
video yeah probably wondering what the
fuck happened to your set as you can see
we foil wrapped your room 10th
anniversary gift for a married couple is
tin foil or aluminum and I consider your
relationship with YouTube a marriage so
for 10 years on YouTube you're set got
foil there should be a basket somewhere
on your desk if the guys actually did
their job have everything yes you are
filming the PDS on this debt um yes
you're gonna be getting a lot of
comments about it congratulations have a
great fucking day so I I bring you into
the family I know maybe those 3 days in
my office is right I had to get up at 5
a.m. a team's keeping secrets from me
this is crazy
oh they were they were like you want to
have a party for your ten years if not
this is awesome I like this
all right we just had the margaritas Jay
I want to know I'm just that margarita
apparently made me sick
I don't know I was completely fine ice I
was in it if you look at the footage
I've come in great light and that's how
you took like a sip I think I've been
poisoned I think YouTube doesn't want
another ten years let alone like maybe
another ten minutes
I'm not even finishing I'm not
completing sentences it's conspiracy
theories dad I know
