what's going on today so it's a Monday
so it means it's packed gotta have a
morning meeting with Phil after we get
some breakfast and then shoot the PDFs
which takes until about 1:00 or 2:00 and
after the shows up we have a little bit
of a break to get some lunch and then we
go to go in the manager's meeting which
I don't think you're allowed and then
hopefully just end up you know end the
day on a good note I get to work that's
the one profession you're like was
shooting a short film remember a day I
had the black box TV when you were
driving never the first one they had
like a web version and then they also
did like the co 91 they don't anything
the story kept asked me like what would
you do for go 90 and I'm like you know I
love making us money but I want people
to see our stuff anything behind a
paywall Saigon but it justifies the
price at least YouTube red I know
there's a ton of people that actually
use it what's the point making bullshit
you can't see it how do you like your
coffee usually black metal
why for a news headline are you using
emojis why
it's like someone was like what makes
the same young a movie some movies make
a simple but also I'm an asshole that I
say a joke and rather than lol I put 3
crying laughing face my mom like saw the
video that we put out this weekend and
she was talking she's like oh we look so
pretty mom it's just like you don't wear
makeup to work oh wow I was looking at a
schedule and if we do end up doing the
thing for New York I'm essentially away
from family for more than a week yet so
I'm a little concerned about that so
even if I can come back for two days I
might do that
I need something to wrap up this meeting
I need a that's it did I say that no I
don't remember why you're here
oh okay well that's it did you do this
weekend brother man that's close again
really close did a lot of work personal
work Saturday did a webserie shoot on
Sunday what would you have done if you
didn't have to do all those things
Ohio Beach yeah I wish I never left
Joseph we heard that you give your a car
name would you call your car kylo Ren
why why is it because it's black no
because like kylo Ren if you look it has
silver detailing in the front of it and
his helmet has the silver detailing in
the front of it and then everything else
is blocked out like his entire outfit
and it's beautiful just like Adam driver
how's that coffee how's that eight it's
uh it's cold no houses like it for how I
got him all kind dad jokes got bill eats
it I gotta try to do it from here yeah
guys comparing shoes Jesus my god hey
guys sometimes I just like to wear like
really shitty things DSW BFI dumps I
know you did buy them he's never gonna
buy them you're gonna be good and you
bought them I'm reviewing through real
life these clothes headphones which are
actually not the ones that I said I was
gonna get cuz I looked and these were
better
did you see that the stuff that they're
building whoo-hoo we have a show that's
coming back so we're not going to be
able to use a set anymore
we want to do something little different
so because these things are awesome
because they're on a swivel so it's like
boom ones so and then you can just go
into here let me go so we look it like
it a lot yeah are you going
Franco show Oh so could get the fuck out
ok bye love you
what are you working on Mike Falzone I'm
doing a white wall thing oh this is part
of the video that wasn't in casual
conversation it can be casual I thought
we were just having a real moment
between us I can turn the camera off and
we can have that moment yeah let's do it
just turn it around okay so it faces you
can you explain what a white wall script
is we have so many different walls in
this building some are green this one
for example is blue but then we go into
that room over there and they're just
white walls gonna go slowly walk away
cool man just make it real pretty
looking and I said yeah just beautiful
filming you be doing it I just did a
table talk with a ninja turtle what yeah
Siri Donatello no caramel one did he
teach you any moves
pretty good roll you know it's pretty
cool to is that you're wearing purple we
have the purple shoes - is that a purple
yoga man man sometimes I wear my running
shoes to work they get super tight and
constrictive my feet expand over the
course of the day cuz they get full butt
full of blood oh of course
you mean like blood you guys know what
how it's like like when over the course
of the day how your feet bleed yeah you
know and then it fills up your shoe and
they're like oh man I got clean all this
blood out of my shoe
yep that's those are just this is Matt
shoe blood you want to buy it's like
cooking oil right because much fried
food
I just bleed frying mmm delish it might
make sense to use that clip where he
says I hope I never see you ever again
and then get it to the point of where I
get him to say now I love you too man
but uh cool
let me feel about the notes there were a
lot but there are other good notes how
long does it take you to fix up the
notes it depends on what the note is
most of them are pretty quick sometimes
it's like a complete graphical change
but most the time is just like cut this
get rid of this at this super some stuff
working on thumbnail for today gonna
about there no there's sexy women on the
show again
I helped find what picture to you the
person we're using in the thumb and I
usually get stuck finding the girls I
can take over your job look at you now
sometimes I freeze a little bit and then
I just stare and then I get myself in
trouble and I want to find a good
picture of Kate Upton and she takes
really good pictures but a lot of it
also has a she has stuff in her mouth
please like this like I can't use this
she has no good okay let me see the
stuff which is putting things in their
mouth which works with it it's an
American flag story i'ma just been on
the screen a little bit longer than when
I would thinking bro I gotta make sure
that I get all of silicon I would have
missed this and then I would have just
been a hole in these lawyers Judas where
are we going we're going to the Bucks of
star I'm getting a drink you're getting
a drink
we're all getting drinks all right bro
we're gonna get coffee what do we got to
do that make it look sexy
you got me one glenda you piece of shit
is what I deal with all the time what
you doing I'm just making sure shows
good there's a mess up but no we're
doing pasture this one
what was the missile picture that was
used I was of a guy with the same exact
name who plays the same sport but as a
different guy
oh no it's one of the reasons we brought
Kyle on is just so that hopefully I can
be less involved in the review so that
there won't be mess ups but I won't have
to also dedicate another two hours at
that time so I can focus on you know
really important videos like getting
everyone's staff to look at sims for sex
mods their sex mug you know changing the
world
oh man well I'll leave you to it enjoy
your Starbucks I started to say coffee
we don't want to give them a free promo
so I was I was gonna ask you you're not
gonna be a dicks everyone on the
managers meeting right no idea what does
that mean though I mean is every time we
go into the manager's meeting the first
thing okay so uh channels doing good um
we went up a hundred eighty thousand
subscribers and then just like a weird
pause and it's just a weird thing I feel
like I'm not gonna give any stats
anymore them no I mean should but no but
it's like there's a way there's like
there's a cave after your words and they
know that they don't do those numbers
like it's not secret so I'm just upfront
about it I'm like look these are the
stats these are the analytics Joel
doesn't - it just sad because there's
aren't that great right now they're not
right now but you sound about it that's
fine I mean it's not it's not wrong am I
wrong
what can we do this up this yeah really
that's your polish leave for what
managers meeting which are actually
you're not
11200 how are you coffee and Pete okay
gonna follow me gonna Polly's I'm gonna
pee him click but they're gonna be
really lace is it legal now what you're
doing going into the women's room
my god how was it did it come out
upgrade ever met oh great a little bit
to the left
it's gonna be the harassed filter and a
day has you feel any field coming
collapse it was a long day
it was a Monday we're still not done but
uh you know it went really well the show
got up on time that's good right we're
finishing the day Brian's working on
some graphics for me keeps playing music
in the middle middle of me talking to
the camera of it he's like doing his job
or something like uh James is dead um
all-in-all good day did you accomplish a
lot today edited a full video today from
scratch right yeah from scratch it's
gonna be the first or second one of
these but yeah
edited a full video and I'm pretty proud
of it and it's almost time to go home
found it oh alright and Damon how do you
feel feel pretty good I got quite a bit
of work done on figuring out the PC
setup in the room just need to figure
out a internet situation because this
guy doesn't have to Wi-Fi and there's no
clear internet port anywhere nearby yeah
and boom alright bill and a day how do
you feel exhausted but good good you
know it's a this is I feel like just a
pretty average day I mean it's like
shoot the show a lot of moving pieces
while I'm out which is Amanda like
handling everything a lot of people like
why does your show need a producer it's
not just a like the four time a week PDS
it's a lot of other stuff then boring
meetings talking to some of the guys and
then you know the upper exciting email
of emails horrible emails horrible no
more emails emails are so horrible I'd
be willing for someone to call me on the
phone and I'd actually answer them and
not respond with the text good day good
day you ned suck Joe I didn't suck today
we'll see about tomorrow
