so today's gonna be an interesting one
because I'm doing the Friday show live
for the first time but that's going to
be before everyone else is here and then
we were bringing two new people onto the
team and one is leaving my executive
assistant
Jordan although it's not even right to
call him an executive assistant because
he's done so so much more we're gonna
have pizza party we're also gonna get
some beers cuz why not
any excuse to get everyone to go to have
a good time and it's gonna be it's gonna
be interesting I hate seeing people go
because if they're still with me it's
because they're very valuable but also I
understand that like I want people to do
awesome for me but also I want to see
them succeed on their own that said I
got to go chill I will be back you put
two slices on top of each other like
that and you eat it like a pizza
sandwich prove it give anything you say
you're a lubricated a two-pound number
two let's do it
no you know what's happening right now
they're like hey Phil I thought you said
you really feel bad about your weight
and like I know
I have to talk to every discovery about
a special idea because you're going to
okay this isn't one of those okay hey
it's me then Phil know I know so that's
the question right is like what we're
going to put into it worth what we get
out of it yeah also because it's such a
fucking toxic thing it's fun fun taking
politics you know when I talk about
politics right it has to be like the
that's should be this finely crafted
thing talk about politics I see a lot of
the resin well not even
middle-of-the-road it's just if I hit
here I hit there I don't know if I'm
able to get that across with actually
said a not dumbing down coming down yeah
so it's it's a meaty for me right now I
have to think about it I'm definitely
leaning more towards now look pick up
the pizza put it on for the last time
how do you feel about a camera on you
okay that's what you do that's what you
do why do you need one day at a time
into it like you don't like this I'm
like drinking a beer so much just gonna
follow you this is the last time through
the hallway
this is the last time we're gonna walk
down this hallway whoa Ryota get it as
it flips I'll double check we could
potentially cut the part of like we got
some post videos that they'll create a
really small team race blogger ever
question mark yeah I gotta watch this
video I need to feed my ego now I'm
rolling my secret draftkings Linna oh
come on let me see it then I was
watching rice gum don't judge me people
give me shit for who I like on YouTube
who's someone that you like that uh
nobody would guess that you like a lot
of the big Viners who have jumped to
youtube they're doing a fantastic job
here we go Rudy this guy's so funny he
cracks me up it just it just seems
effortless wait this video it's crazy to
think that you should do the most
popular video-sharing website on the
entire internet for over a decade one
person is almost no cut this comment
says Phil I know you watch this video in
an hour scrolling in the comments so I
just want to say the greatest news
channel of all time and then there's a
lot of mean stuff said about other guys
stay humble and never change that's I
don't agree I think you always got to
change
they always got a just or be open to
change Joe was open to me and I saw make
him always open to you why do you think
I'm cheating on me let's go just oh okay
too much oh the lighter though oh damn I
didn't have to turn off my cell yeah
yeah
great through a crazy oh my god that's
amazing but drink this right now I want
to get all sad and shit
thank you guys I'm getting drunk tonight
we drink this at the bar
later guys I don't need the wrapping I
appreciate this I'm done cocaine oh you
know what that's thank you put up ok
cocaine no pleasure that these were your
catchphrase man that's my Oh everyone
gets a catchphrase and that's mine
what's your catchphrase I love you faces
what's up country I like you I like your
mouth okay actually because they want me
to get hungry yeah where's my club oh
good then I'll see you Tuesday yeah
goodbye and see you to showing up it's
my last day here so I'm gonna try to get
a few hugs because the day is kind of
ending and that one's going home so see
what I can do
you smell bad
you know it's
oh shit it's good minimus what you need
need some air out of here pal
it's gonna kill area it's been really
good working with you hi congratulations
on moving on and we're excited to see
what you do man what happens really
excited okay I love you I'm gonna need
that though that's okay bye okay I just
want to end this video by saying Jordan
thank you so much for for being here and
I know that you said thank you for the
job and everything but you provided so
much I mean I think that's if you're a
part of my team for longer than a month
you provide so much and I'm very excited
to see everything you go on to do of
course the door is always open we always
have people come back but I wish you the
best and I love you and also just to
everyone else out there I think this is
this is what you need to understand is
yes this is this is us at the office but
it's it's essentially it's a family
we're with each other every single day
at the same time it's a business so you
understand that when people are with you
you guys create the best stuff ever and
when they they move past you where they
go on to a different thing you root them
on because we're all in it together the
business and entertainment in general
it's so competitive and people hold
grudges but why the hope is that we work
together it's fun and we create awesome
things and and we just we all win so on
that note I'm gonna I'm gonna go in this
other room cry for about an hour and
then get back to it
