what hey welcome to the channel I was
gonna say new channel but it's not it's
a new beginning I figured for the first
video a lot of people were asking what
does the office look like now there's
also a ton of people that have never
even seen the old office tour videos so
that's what this video is going to be
they're going to be walking through the
office it's gonna either be interesting
or very interesting or horrible
the general entryway we got our
old-school posters we got usually
someone at the front so here we just
have our general area for a coffee
snacks other goodies just little things
to power us up through the day here we
have our first two offices we got Jeremy
in here yeah he runs the day-to-day for
pretty much everything this office is
for Suzanne she's head of all Discovery
digital so not only what we do at down
here but seeker daily all the stuff in
San Francisco that they do up there then
we have the general area so this is just
for for guests that are coming in this
is for when we do our Friday All Hands
meeting just general celebrate birthdays
we had cake today this is the team
DeFranco room you're going to learn to
love this room or hate it then on the
opposite end we have the SourceFed
SourceFed nerd also nuclear family edit
Bay
oh and people be like I'm sorry this is
where we have the morning meetings for
myself the team pretty much anytime we
have Outsiders or any discovery people
this is our big meeting room sometimes
just to create a room sometimes it's
just the stuff that makes me one is this
mainly used as a set or is it uses it's
like a multi-purpose room it's like
quiet writing and then it's like every
type of bedroom yeah yeah it's like 15
different bit I was like every time I've
seen like a sex joke on nuclear family
it's being filmed in this room without
calling like a black eye like what would
you call this room Len this is
production yeah so production office we
got Ricky over here and then for some
reason the President of the United
States normally we have all our hosts
over here researching writing and then
this is just an extension of it Steve
isn't this yours at some point it's just
gonna get thrown out no no no you know
what maybe it is time to take bread at
home okay then we come through the snack
room
we are unofficially sponsored by many
weeks or we could be mini-wheats people
that's gonna then bring us into the
cafeteria area this is where we eat our
takeout
that's ribollita is our fishbowl room
Discovery's TAC or someone like upper
discovery they usually work out of here
I think we're also gonna carapace soon
that should probably be in a room where
people can't see you're opening up
crying everyone see you hello
this was originally my office than it
was James Catherine's office
something else and then now it will oh
and I made a mess you just copy my
background what do you mean we're done
with those things on the wall I'll say a
was on the floor this looks like a
sexier version of my site you just need
lights behind it press that press that
No
that right here is our administrative
office so it's like sales all the stuff
that that's like that makes everything
run and fund everything it's in there if
you've seen older videos it seems to be
the super panicked frenzy room now it's
kind of this semi chill area slash a lot
of nuclear family sketches they've
filmed in here then this is the the
airplane hangar anytime we have people
on for the the podcast collaboration
videos if they have entourage which
sometimes they do they chill out here
this is going to be our livestream setup
so we're going to start trying to
livestream some of the podcasts which
some of that content might actually
start existing on this channel this is
the place that sold me on it I'd say
four years ago it was like oh it's such
a big space terrible for shooting so
SourceFed SourceFed nerd nuclear family
every now and then we'll also shoots out
here for people be like but this is our
big giant green screen when you're
driving so many people when you're on a
green screen they're doing this no one
drives like that and Katy Perry's here
now back in the corner that's where they
shoot the the podcast for the SourceFed
podcast the table talk set which is it
still called the table talk set live
streams when they're just trying to take
away time from how long it takes to cut
a multicam show this is where they do
everything the oldest room of the entire
office the white wall room this was
originally the the entrance and we
repurposed it and blacked out the window
is like a bunch of crazy people then we
have the room mainly for equipment also
sometimes people does that count as
people not usually Kenny today's the
worst that's the main thing you need to
know when watching that channel Kenny
what do you make how would you tell you
say I say I'm a motion graphics editor
it worked on the Hillary Google video
that we love don't take her for that one
and then then we have our social room
with Ian he's the worst
I was saying Kenny's the worst it's
actually him thanks Phil so happy to be
here surrounded by all to this wall 87
years ago a bunch of people that were on
my Facebook page click the button put in
their profile picture and we turned it
to wallpaper people are gently dead all
smell but some of the people are
probably dead how the hell did I forget
my office Joe said I'm supposed to say
this is where the magic happens
and that just oh it just feels dirty
then my general desk I work on an
ultra-wide monitor there's an iMac over
there for when I edit which I rarely do
anymore because my edits are just so
inferior to the other guys the vlog room
this is where we're gonna be shooting
our amazon show it's gonna have some fun
some guests here this is the beginning
of what's gonna be the new podcast show
also we might do different kinds of
content here I've always been jealous of
people that had either wood paneling or
brick behind them because you don't
really get that in LA so we're building
it out ourselves
and then there's an animated version of
me right there on that door looking
cocky and that's pretty much it I just
wanted to show you the place as it is
now there's a lot of moving pieces a lot
of different shows in the studio and
also people gonna say well what about
like why didn't we actually get to meet
the people you're gonna that's gonna be
a big part of this channel is just
seeing the family that is this company
right now oh sorry that's it no get the
hell out you want the MTV shit so bad is
it so cheesy I just wanted out white why
am i kicking you out when you're the
camera guy and you're just gonna come
back at it at the footage MTV doesn't so
we have to do it Phil all right that's
it I need you to leave get out please
please you're not gonna be able to hit
the thing with your pattern just turn
the camera off and leave that whole
isn't a pole it's a hole it's a boy
