Maja's gosh just lean back you laugh at
me actually laugh at me make it worth
that embarrassment you'll be so
disappointed guys today's little vlog is
about competition I'm a big believer in
competition is a good thing and I say
that as someone that didn't really ever
win anything makes you try harder
sometimes you find things are great at
sometimes you realize the places you can
get better sometimes realize you just
wanna play a different game I had that
felt when I was at comic-con with my
team we were in the go-karts like we
were going super fast looks incredibly
slow and I didn't change the fact that
we were constantly harassing each other
in each turn trying to pass and bump in
each corner and after that I thought how
can we make this more interesting have
the editors battle to the death although
that's not legal so like they just
battled to the not death which was still
enjoyable for everyone especially the
losers so Before we jump into that I
want to thank the sponsor of today's
episode Full Sail edu slash vlogedy
gaming industry is huge right now and if
you want to get involved in that
industry Full Sail University can show
you how to get started I have Full Sail
graduates at my company but also Full
Sail graduates have worked on huge huge
game destiny the Call of Duty series Far
Cry 4 if you want to check it out be
sure to visit Full Sail edu slash
velocity
Oh
my gosh farms
drop
white people are crazy yeah it's I think
it the only way you win is just by how
many accurate hits you get yeah getting
launched I think that was worth it
that was the fun part for me
to call it
lean back
I was like wait I just leaned and then
it was like smack congratulations Brian
even though you win like 85% of anything
that weight you know you suck that's
that if you liked this video give it
some like love if you hated this video
just give it some like love why to me
it's the least you could do
also thanks again to Full Sail dot edu
slash vlogedy for sponsoring this
episode and of course as always that
answer is on a different Channel ya dick
have a great day bye
I didn't plan this out wait nailed it
