so since everyone kind of dug when we
did the Frappuccino test the other taste
test in the past I found out that Pizza
Hut has garlic knots and I want to see
if they're good not only to me but
everyone else in the office so here we
go
it smells like it smells like cheap
garbage fantasticness also I need to get
this end before everyone starts double
dipping its high and I'm gonna eat it
I'm here the rest I mean I love it if I
was like super duper super high I
probably wear that for myself by like
Chris for me damn I talk should not bad
I grew up a pizza hut to like just like
eating the plush I'm excited to be sick
later that's for sure haha taste time
yeah I just drove my body with this if
you wouldn't have told me it was from
pizza I would have thought it was from
like a normal restaurant yeah I heard
about the question there's cheese's oh
hell yeah I really like that I got a lot
you double dip the chip what does it
remind you of it looks like a testicle
100% pizza is cheesy testing
happy holiday these are I'm not afraid
of garlic not oh there's into it there
is she oh yeah
super Ben yeah was it make you feel
look I want to take it now you have any
left over you can like yeah well I hate
the cheese only not bad what do you
think green oh ho yeah I'm just gonna
take another one is that number three no
no I ripped the first one first it was
she man the other thing was just cheese
can I eat this oh no licking your
fingers all right all good Michael
y'all are through what are you feeling
oh fuck there's a pocket for the cheese
on the inside we can do it to this one
too but I won't cuz I'm not gonna eat
that one unless you want me to eat that
one too
do you want another we know what's that
sure what's hey well-well try one of
these these look good I'll have one for
the first time thank you
go waiting is from McDonough knows we'll
put that I'm not from a double-dip and
turning around
Oh Oh how's that make you feel burglar
what what memories is it the one time
they're our participation trophy for
soccer when I was a kid they did I being
it first for second or third so you got
person maybe we took it to place that's
not good Spencer yet hmm that's really
good when the editors approved yeah they
don't know doesn't mean shit cuz you'll
eat anything
I think hey Danny good I says this
should be labeled taste test amnesia
because we've literally had like six
people come back to us let's be like oh
hey
it's alright I probably wouldn't use
another one but I'll finish this one
James after a long day of cookie I had
to double check to make sure they're
wearing fucking tits on my computer
that's your dicks in English come again
mmm - there you go almost every time - I
like a mess with you guys I've regretted
it hello we real yeah we're doing a
taste test
yes I'll try it Pizza Hut it's kind of
like if you think it is it's kind of
like a pizza pocket but just like super
chewy like a sourdough pizza pocket
Domino's will be talking feet that
they're adding cheese really they should
there's enough space inside of the pot
pocket to put marinara sauce in they
should be like a gusher
like a big rush down inside of it now
have some more because like the taste is
still in my mouth and I can make if they
are at a party wouldn't you wouldn't
know very pretty right now
just one Wow I was like those you opened
your mouth unnecessarily why I do a lot
does it seem like more of a showcasing
than like good luck okay what you got
there buddy
what you got there buddy oh she is God
not okay what what's the deal with us
they're their food and sometimes you can
eat it but why are you doing a video
about it okay there it is there it is is
there any that especially that you know
from what from Pizza Hut oh I get it you
try this Phil oh you gotta try another
one bite each other it depends on if you
like it or not all right I'll get in
there yeah why one of these I'm here I
go sure get in that money not are you
literally just scraping the cheese off
the bottom the case was the best part
oh my god
it's really good but it's like fucking
filled with grease doing like a taste
test
yeah yeah you want try to get in a
little anyone that loved em look more
folk walk down some of that fuckin Chi
and on that Jimmy I have not had the
right idea is good just do it yesterday
said Faro so just do it what are you
waiting for just Joey
