okay Matt Santoro yes your name correct
no the game that we're gonna be playing
that Matt is I'm gonna go I just went to
the front page of urban dictionary
alright I want you to see if you can
guess or even get close to some of the
words that uh that show up do you know
that on my channel when I like years and
years ago I have to urban dictionary
quiz videos so you should be like exact
exactly what I'm just warning you I
wanna get all these ok Pro caffeinated
Pro caffeinated mm-hmm
well that's that's an obvious one Phil
ok that's when you are caffeinated so
hard and so efficiently that you are
just a pro at it ok so it's like you're
okay you're not an amateur at anymore
great right no the tendency not to start
anything until you've had a cup of
coffee right but there's a lot of dis
that's basically what I said pretty much
right or less gene jerking gene jerking
gene jerking is when you can't quite get
your pants on you're just like stop
that's ginger I feel like I just commit
or witnessed a crime yeah yeah close the
movement is accurate it's a essentially
dry-humping or an over-the
over-the-pants hand job I I mean yeah
once again well hence this motion mm-hmm
I think that's what we established I'm
like I don't even I get nervous with
this one don't know if I can conclude it
Navajo oh no don't worry Isaac I think I
got a clue that Navajo is one of two
things it's either it's either a name of
a place
uh-huh like I don't want to say like an
Eskimo village mhm
or it's when a promiscuous party lady
sleeps completely accurate when a second
one no way
well it's it's its way we don't buy
anything apps it was and snappa ho not
even a ho when a piece of ass
asleep in your bed oh yeah when you're
done smacking that ass and then they
fall asleep beside you like it's fuck
out I'm done they're like no my turn
he has control yeah Oh a feeling not
good okay oh that's better for me I'm
gonna win what is life I life I live by
is when someone asks you for your Wi-Fi
password and you don't give it or you
say you don't know it something like
that when you see a free Wi-Fi
connection join the network but it makes
you sign up for some bullshit or tries
to charge you that's that no it's not no
think it's closer no it's not it's not
it's in the realm of but I don't think
you get a point for that good okay we'll
try one more okay okay this would
actually make sense this is this one you
should be able to get addiction
addiction when you're addicted to dick
when you're addicted to the Internet
that's a better guess that's a better
guess one more try okay you're in the
vein of your very close so it's not
being addicted to dick no don't know why
you're in the vein of when you are
addicted to sending dick pics addiction
an addiction to electronic devices such
as laptops smartphones and tablets oh
yeah the way I just want to say the way
that you were really pressing vain oh
all right
oh this is stupid okay now I'm skipping
that with that oh okay okay it's she bad
okay looks like she bet you know oh yeah
that's not we're not gonna use that one
okay statue bait is not your baby you're
like a spelling yes please okay
sta tu r be a te d okay so that's your
baited sounds like a handjob involving
an underage person that's what I was
thinking too that's why I had to look it
up twice but it's not it's obviously not
because I
or am I just dicking with you I don't
know
as if statue baited it has to be that no
not son-of-a-bitch if it's not statue
baited break it down stature say that
your baited it's a weird one Stan your
abated ten seconds for a guess statue
bears it's not gonna be math shit it's
not gonna be no I'm just gonna say when
you're baited into statutory rape Sam
pepper no I'm just kidding I was sorry
yeah of course and everything's just
magically better yet okay no statue
baited to become sexually aroused in one
score in a video game sport etc so
whenever one scores in a game you get
aroused that's stupid I don't get this
like totally a sport dislikes it's not
real but none of these are real they're
all made it's urban dictionary
essentially if it's if it's more likes
and dislikes it's a okay all right we'll
do one one more people have one more
okay okay
this one has significantly more likes
than dislikes okay honey dude
honey dude honeydew honey dude sweet
like a dude like like a delicious dude
hmm dude this is this is why half the
stuff I see on Twitter I'm like let me
Google does mmm let me google it is it
like a honey pot situation
honey dude think think of okay it's like
I can't I can't I can't give it away cuz
it'll get I can't tell you anything you
just have to think
honey dude mm-hmm it's it's very similar
to yeah I know that helps a lot honey my
drumming my groaning mmm
give up I've done honey dude like a
sugar daddy without the age gap mmm
honey dude sugar daddy I couldn't I was
gonna say it's like a sugar daddy but
that gives away honey dude mm-hmm
honey dude Poorna fo
fuck it dude sleepy person I believe you
do you do exactly
oh uh well you win again I win again I'm
not I can't be your friend
I got it when I play video games with
people I I have to be able to beat them
hey ten times oh it's okay he's gonna be
okay thank you fine you're welcome no go
away no no I'm not even gonna link to
your channel
