hey guys something I cut from one of the
the philip defranco show us was that
Sports Illustrated an archer teamed up
they took the ladies from Archer which
is a cartoon
they had them pose and Sports
Illustrated boom you get this Sheryl
Lana double the Pam that's my pin with
too much information but I looked at
Lana stomach and I was like mmm and then
I felt really weird were going mmm even
though there was very little oomph
behind that and there was still an
involved so I started to feel a little
bad and then I start feeling a little
bit ashamed and then I went no why this
isn't new to me hell it's not new to a
lot of people I remember one of the most
attractive women to me when I was 7 or 8
years old was Hollywood a name that
might not sound familiar because it was
a cartoon character voiced by Kim
Basinger in the movie cool world that
also starred Brad Pitt the
eight-year-old me felt it deserved an
Emmy Metacritic says it was a 28 so I
think I have those romantic goggles on
when I'm thinking about this movie and
Hollywood's character in this movie is
pretty evil she's curvy she's sultry
she's a siren who's really evil she's
trying to manipulate the artist so that
she can get into the real world and just
be there
I think this mixed in with a few other
things sets the precedent of me being
attracted to the worst kind of person
for like 14 more years but then past
that I thought about other cartoons and
anime and hentai and then cosplay many
people and many women taking something
that existed in a fictional world or a
drawn world and putting it to flesh and
that is different because you have a
real person who is embodying something
that was fictional then it made me think
even deeper into this people like people
but at what point does reality not even
matter I'm not talking about the jump
over into the cringe world of people
taking weird Facebook pictures with
their fictional photoshopped people the
girlfriends have you seen that anyway
people are attracted to people in the
real world but whether it be the real
world or especially online or in
different mediums people are attracted
to the idea of a person a camera just
died I want to finish this point any of
the words that came out of Hollywood's
mouth were scripted when it comes down
to being attracted to someone think of
it in a visual way there are a lot of
people that guys if you are watching
right now or ladies if you if you see
someone on Instagram or Twitter and
you're like wow so when we talk about
being attracted to the idea of a person
the visual of a person what's the
difference between some Instagram model
you'll never meet ever and a character
that was made digitally or drawn you
never see that person in real life you
never touch that person in real life
it's just the visual it's the idea of a
person so is it that weird a little bit
but not very very I mean while you were
you take it to a certain point yes also
I guess even if it gets to that point
that's not hurting anybody why do I care
like if you are exclusively attracted to
that that's weird to me but it also
doesn't matter that I think it's weird
because I you're not hurting anybody I'm
more intrigued by the question of what
is real verse not real and what are the
differences between the two especially
in a digital age where so many of us
don't interact face-to-face but instead
do it through a screen and then I guess
you could go even deeper into what it is
to be alive to be human to be conscious
because this is my hand but I'm still me
if I cut this off but if I take a bullet
to the brain I'm no longer me and that's
talking about it on a larger scale of
actual limbs like did you know that
bacterial cells outnumber human cells in
our own body ten to one well welcome to
being inside of my brain for a few
minutes I hope you have a great trip
buh-bye
