the best way I can describe it is it's
like it's like walking through a place
that had a dream it yeah when you think
about it
right it's like the image that's in your
mind kind of feels like it's got like
grease smeared on the lump lens like
everything looks familiar but I don't
know why I think there's greaseless perf
so like when you have dreams sometimes
it doesn't take place do they take place
here like that
like just the rocks seem familiar that
place that we pass with like the highest
smell your put the houses it's just it
must be because it's like you walk past
that place over and over again is there
any reason why you were like kind of
nervous to come here I think the reason
I was nervous is I don't know I don't
feel like I don't have roots anywhere I
feel like it's just kind of kind of
confirmed but
so it's just like you know okay so that
me that's why you weren't excited I just
like confirmation another disconnect oh
I didn't think it'd be that way I think
it's just cool to see where you came
from no I know is everything shaped yeah
there's your street one down
the streets fire hydrant oh you're so oh
is that your fire hydrant oh yeah I mean
that's I feel like that's every like New
York story it's like I'd be really hot
in the summer you get someone in the
neighborhood would undo this like
spraying everywhere god I don't ride my
bike up and down the street I wasn't
allowed to go more than two buildings
that way or more than two buildings that
way it's a fallout shelter you have a
fallout shelter we did I don't want to
brag it's hard man it's like I know I
constantly say like
differently
this is even further back this is this
is all this shit that like like I said
it's like it's like
lays over in my
the film that everything looks familiar
like this that looks like it seems some
stuff
like just there's like to box down is so
weird there's like stuff that is change
like there was no giant ass public
parking building but the Jolly tinker I
remember going there as a kid and just
hanging out with my dad while he was
shrinking and playing like games and
aside from the weird feeling I think one
of the number one things I'm feeling and
noticing is everything definitely feels
smaller and I mean that makes sense
because I left when I was around ten and
so obviously everything is gonna be
massive do a little kid but
it's I'm glad I did it I'm still trying
to kind of break down what I feel
hopefully after this next cut I have
some words on so I'm back home I I've
had time to kind of just state the
experience and I'm really glad Lindsay
Lindsay had me go out there I I was
interested and I wanted to but I think
that if I was out there by myself I
would have done it and she really pushed
me to go there and and after feeling it
out and just thinking about it I think I
think I actually was was nervous about
doing it for a whole different reason
and that's what you know I talked about
everything seemed like it was through a
glaze through through water that it
happened but you can barely remember it
and it's true but also on an emotional
level it made me think of the
uncertainty in my life the the anger of
everyone around and my parents were
we're getting divorced at the time and
the fear of you know just experiences
bad bad experiences and and I didn't
like that because I even when things
have been shitty you know things were
really rough when I went out of my own I
left home when I was 17 as fast as I
could and even when things really rough
there was there were it didn't seem like
there are prospects there there were
other things I was in control of my life
and that was the big thing it was me in
the world sometimes against it sometimes
working with the people in it but I was
in control and that was I think that's
why I say my life started then because
up until then there was a lot of really
shitty stuff people experiences
sometimes places that being said I'm
happy that I'm from the Bronx I'm happy
I'm from that Street and I'm aware that
things could have been worse things
could have been quite better but I'm
happy that I got my experience because
that's what it is it's an experience
it's something that I have that a bunch
of other people don't have you're not
where you're from you're not who your
parents are it definitely helps form you
and it definitely sometimes scars you
but that's not all it is it is part of
your story but it doesn't define you it
doesn't put you into a box unless you
letting your experiences help shape you
but you are the sum of what you put into
this world and what you take in this
world I think that's kind of a know that
I want to end on you are not trapped if
you want things to change everything
starts with a thought followed by a step
is something to think about
