hey fell without buddy how are you today
good just setting this up what is this
up just a second Shrek rent a second
personal is that the one with the bar at
the top yeah it's very stupid there's a
lot of things I don't like what this man
yeah like the way the keys feel compared
to the old whatever I don't want I don't
wanna come anyways Phil do you know what
today is
what's today it's popcorn day I don't
really give a shit about popcorn day
Phil that's a fucking stupid one will
acknowledge that is popcorn day I think
we got we got some fresh popcorn but
we're gonna focus on couple things going
on today in the office doing some
TriCaster stuff oh yeah yeah yeah we're
probably gonna need to get a whole
different I don't still keep that one we
should destroy it Phil what no will go
viral we're gonna move into the new
space in a few months and we're gonna
have two sets that we can do live from
something that's simplistic one I just
think it'd make a great video great
content Phil you gotta think about the
return on investment of that Joe do you
know how much that fucking TriCaster
costs I think Phil DeFranco destroys
TriCaster we'll go viral this unless
there's a sponsor or that video gets 20
million views that idea and also we're
setting up the room for the additional
researchers coming in excited about that
yes it's gonna be interesting hopefully
we've we've gotten the team to a point
where I can be very hands-off and like
the team contains team I'll still be
there but anyway spill sounds good
I I'll see you in a bit okay
signing off over and out goodbye what is
that it's Katya song lyrics which we
probably can't show cuz copyright but
look at it buddy so what song is it
no such thing
smells like my smells great I know it's
like you like the cans yeah hi Zach
hello pals that camera that's good
there's Raymond ah the hell's going on
or resetting the researchers around
setting up for six people and actually
we're gonna put a bigger table in there
and take up more space and then we're
having Dan come in who's dan dan house
he's a kind of a TriCaster IT expert
he's big on integrating products to work
seamlessly so like TriCaster plus
different kind of network input so that
we can just have all of our cameras and
audios and TriCaster along with you know
if they want like a laptop to show up on
screen stuff like that everything just
kind of runs together just like that
sentence just kind of ran on and you're
in stop I didn't change my tone cuz I
never do and I never will so get your
hopes up until I do oh shit Zach's back
motherfucker hey what are you doing
right now we are about to head out to a
couple places we're gonna go to u-haul
we're gonna go to Home Depot and we're
gonna go to our storage unit we're
redoing the researchers room and
building a wall for a new say okay doing
stuff getting stuff binds the moving
stuff yes well I go with you guys but
apparently doesn't have more than two
seats and we're all about safety here
right no that's that's a responsible
decision yet why do ya know no thanks
I'm not trying to I'm not trying to get
hurt alright what you can do is try to
film some stuff with this with that have
fun with video go ahead and start
recording so are you gonna do one of
those cloud transitions where like you
you go into the lens of another yeah
don't film too much I don't want to sit
down a fluid just a little bit so the
PAS are on their way to Home Depot yeah
yeah we are gonna be building the wall
it's gonna be a six-foot wall it's gonna
be seven foot tall we're gonna use the
classic industry standard of flats with
masonite board we're still in the car so
that's why all of this is super bumpy so
we have the list of stuff in my terrible
handwriting of things that we need to
get
this here is masonite it will warp less
than plywood and will make for a
beautiful gray wall backing for our new
section
alright so we just finished up at Home
Depot we're off to the storage unit next
to pick up tables it'll be used to
accommodate the new researchers yeah we
got people coming in yet things were
moving around what's that right tell me
your love for popcorn on popcorn day
will allow me to just go and let us know
in the comments we made it and we just
never released it we were waiting for
the perfect I feel like I'm back home
I'm gonna be around once I'm in you
outside good that's good we got here
it's caramel in cheese if you go to
Chicago like they'll have them in the
airports they have lines out the door
don't people have jobs but they do sit
in line and I'm sure there are people
that just go and get popcorn it's that
maybe that's their job
oh shit my teas over so you think a
Garrett's popcorn in Chicago is the best
popcorn of the world
that's jealous crowd people wait in line
super super long lines just to get some
of it try this button pop would you guys
wait in line to try popcorn no I run a
big fan of popcorn
I'm not mad at it now Kell corns
different ballgame great popcorn to
everybody saying three two one popcorn
day three two one
hey fucking well hey you guys are like
posing alright damn right hey Dan Dan is
here to help us with future stuff so we
call him what Dan the TriCaster man we
doing I knew that was coming
I just had a feeling have you been
called that before it's a few times yeah
okay it's kind of a cool thing though
because he like you know everything
about Troy casters that's what they say
so what do you guys gonna be discussing
today problems we've been having with
our current one and then potential new
ones and you know what we want to do
with the new shows a lot of that stuff
is impossible we have now cool and Dan
can't give like a briefs briefing of
what a TriCaster is for the people that
don't know it's like an audio mixer or
you have all these different audio
sources coming in but it's for video
cameras so the Magic Man right here can
decide with a touch of a button what
camera feed goes on-air for you guys to
watch at home all right well I won't
disturb you anymore thank you have fun
guys we start without me I'm gonna set
up a time lapse cool we hadn't ruined
her life already that actually makes me
really happy
okay repetition is a time lag take it
away
we feel about the new room yeah it's a
lot better now we have this this is
super exciting so you excited to meet
the new people yeah yeah about three
four years all right
Zacks that moment it's the moment the
moment
yeah announcement to make who are you
bringing along you oh I get to go
no sorry another camera bring the
audience oh okay well yes Joe you'll get
to go to that's really dinner so you say
it's not really fun if I just go and
don't film it okay well I appreciate
that all right so who else keeps going
Keith yeah I get it one and then how
many more people can we bring think we
get two more you got two more everybody
everybody he's making his selection
then I came after so do you know why
we're going after show why we're going
after show because James is going
all right and then your final I'm idiot
about this one it's the biggest Harry
Potter nerd in the office for sure oh
yeah who would that be unfair and I
can't take buzz over there would just be
no one in production and then the whole
place or just start alright thank you so
much Jesus Christ you're like a fucking
Harry Potter tattoo don't you dare you
really yeah I do
wait can you show it or no I mean it's
it's on my ribcage it says always well
and it's got the stars that were on all
the pages and it's in Dumbledore's
handwriting
alright cool all right we're going
tomorrow going tomorrow not in the
morning thank god this is already way
better than the other one because just
he's in a small ass bird at like 6:00 in
the morning I would not wake up anytime
close to that to see some small aspart
whoa
end of the day so we had a productive
day today we got notes on the TriCaster
from the dan popcorn day it was was a
success great okay were so pumped about
it and Zach selected his people that
he's bringing to the universal Harry
Potter how many people are going I think
five what day is this is it a weekday I
believe so
oh cool so I'm losing five people for a
day oh is going so it's Zach Keith with
James Brianna fucking day is is
happening Joe and in myself it's
happening tomorrow okay you shouldn't go
you're the specific reason he has good
well I was a specific reason one time
you know what feel like you think about
it all this drama was caused by you it
was your idea put everyone's names in a
ball except for the research they have
to choose I feel like they should both
if they want get veto powers so this is
ripples for a beautiful yeah I'll go
with that I am my own worst enemy I just
want to say if this fucking vlog was
like a TV show I'm so glad this fucking
story arc is
I want you to have your own spin-off
series Joe okay not on this channel are
you going with that game yeah no you're
not yeah you didn't go with that I'm
gonna film one let me let you in this is
a really but I mean have you thought of
like a plan B Plan B feel like in case
you can't get off one of the roll
because I thought you're talking about a
career playing B no just the regular
kind of man that oh well I gotta have a
back-up camera just in case so if I had
to run back to the car I will but if not
I'll just record my eyes and just will
reenact it on another workday okay cool
I'm gonna go bye bye a beautiful person
native Spade sent me this so that I
could play breath of the wild what a
very generous what do you want to say to
the pan thank you so much knave and I've
expressed how I'm not sure how to
process this yet or at all thank you so
much for your generous gifts thank you
thank you I love you a little more than
everyone else I was very nice Nathan
yeah
