so I was just reading a story on a few
different websites I want to get the
full feel of it and here's one of the
headlines employee who complained about
not earning enough money to buy food is
swiftly savagely fired from Yelp good
use of savage it evokes emotion so you
have is a person on Twitter their name
is lady murderface appreciate the name
it's a tie yeah she published a letter
on medium titled letter to my CEO let's
try and sum it up as best as I can and
give you the highlights I dreamed of
having a card a credit card my own
apartment I told my eight-year-old self
this is what it meant to be an adult
seventeen years later I have those
things but I did not anticipate a decade
and a half ago that a car credit card an
apartment would all be symbols of stress
and not success yeah pretty accurate so
far I left college I majored in English
literature with a dream to work in media
it was either that or go to law school
or become a teacher but I didn't want to
become a cliche or drown in student
loans
she didn't gets a job in customer
support at Yelp slash eat24
Yelp of course we can find restaurants
see reviews for people that actually
went there they purchased eat24 which is
a fantastic service so you just throw up
on your phone or your browser and you're
like I want food delivered to my house
boom it gets delivered to your house yup
bought a 24 for 134 million dollars and
stuff I mentioned a big money deal
because of this paragraph I haven't
bought groceries since I started this
job not because I'm lazy but because I
got this 10-pound bag of rice before I
moved here in my meals at home consist
by and large of that I can't afford to
buy groceries right as a luxury to me
even though you've got a whole fridge
full of it on the 8th floor we're not
allowed to take any of it home because
it's for at work even I'm which I do a
lot because 80% of my income goes to
paying my rent isn't that ironic your
employee for your food delivery app that
you spent 300 million to buy can't
afford to buy food it's got to be a
little ironic right she says that after
taxes she makes 815 an hour she talks
about her rent she's 30 miles away from
work so it's either the train or gas
money if you're intrigued by these
highlights I recommend you check out the
full medium post and I'm torn on this
part of me feels like of course everyone
deserves to be able to live to be able
to survive but the other part of me
feels like also this person is throwing
on a lot of things their employer is not
responsible for on to them you decide
you want to major in English with the
knowledge or lack of knowledge of what
careers that opens up so while your
entry-level position gets you 815 an
hour after taxes if let's say you had
gone into engineering then maybe you
would have a $110,000 a year salary
dealing
hypotheticals here but this is for
argument's sake as far as rent being 80%
of your salary I'm very surprised to
even got that apartment since most
places will make sure that it's no more
than 30 to 40 percent of your regular
salary and - on behalf of most other
people who struggled on their own trying
to get what they wanted roommates are a
thing you're working in one of the most
expensive cities to live in in the
country and you decide to get a
one-bedroom that you do not share with
anyone else you're not alone trying to
break into this business there are other
people who are young and hungry and
willing to have a roommate in a very
small area one roommate without
utilities frees up at least $600 a month
and in her letter she said that she
proposed things like offering coupon
codes that allow people didn't donate to
Yelp employees from a PR perspective
that's a horrible idea
then in the letter you go on to link to
his home address with pictures of this
guy's home saying how much do you pay
your gardeners to keep that lawn in
lovely backyard looking so neat drop
Docs on your boss will now former boss
and for me the market eventually decides
what works and what will not work you
being paid $12 an hour for an
entry-level job in one of the most
expensive cities in the country may not
be something that works the long term
for Yelp / eat24
but it's not your prison you are a human
being you do not have to be the victim
in life no one has chained you to your
desk and the thing is I wish ill on very
few people in this world it's not like
I'm hoping for bad things for this girl
it appears that a lot of people in the
update people are PayPal your money
sending money through Square cash there
was a GoFundMe for and at the end of the
day I just can't join the pity party you
went to college you got an English
degree you then threw yourself into a
job that does not even require that you
then because you didn't get your way
life wasn't giving you exactly what you
wanted decided to trash your CEO and
drop his personal address onto the
Internet and I doesn't even go into them
being a company that gave you full
health insurance blah blah blah they're
not one of the bad guys in that sense at
that point doesn't even matter if I do
agree with you that you know there are
areas that are just far too expensive
for the little guys that are coming in
and trying to go up even if I thought
you were 100 set in the right I thought
that you were perfect for a job that I
wanted I would not hire you because with
one quick Google search I can see that
if you don't get your way you don't get
what you feel like the world owes you
then you will just set everything on
fire
life is hard getting what you
is hard it's the reason that people say
if you go to New York City if you can
make it in New York you can make it
anywhere because that is one of the
hardest places to survive and thrive if
getting your dream job was easy everyone
would have their dream job that's not
the case on top of the world just
generally not being fair and offering
the same opportunities to everyone at an
equal level you have to put in the work
that other people aren't willing to do
you're having to deal with the shit that
other people don't want to spend the
time doing and by doing that you have a
chance not a guarantee a chance to
accomplish with others never will there
are real victims in this world but I
can't relate to someone who makes
themselves the victim of their own life
even though it's based off of their own
decisions
