so we haven't done a mail run in a while
and so where we have it we have a bunch
of stuff from you guys we're going to do
for a mail video / you know just the
private conversations but something that
came in which I thought was really weird
is uh I am someone sent something to my
son there it is
so my my not even to your old son
apparently getting something in the mail
and it's uh it's from Playboy
apparently alright alright
not sure why this would be sent to my
less than two year old son but uh thank
you
interesting alright maybe it's cuz I'm
slowly turning into an old man this girl
looks like if someone for some reason
they raided my house and I had her
pictures on my computer it feels like
there's a possibility I'd be arrested
for child porn not a subscriber to
playboy comm I have zero magazine
subscriptions especially in my son's
name don't worry playboy I'll save it
for him I remember uh I remember my
first Playboy magazine it was after my
first viewing of a hustler magazine
which was my buddies or is it penthouse
I don't know there was a woman getting
railed and you might say Phil that's
some harsh language sir that is that is
the lightest way that I could describe
what was happening to that woman was it
just a picture of sex it was like it was
a picture that made you go like what do
these people do in their lives what
decisions did they make that they got
them to this point but the trip down
memory lane also makes me think why
would you want a physical copy of this
it's evidence I don't want physical
evidence I don't want someone to stumble
across what I spanked it to but God
invented incognito mode the real-life
version of incognito mode is I enjoy
this and then I burn it in a fire people
buying these so that when the apocalypse
rolls around they're like oh thank god
we may not have electricity but oh I
don't have to use my imagination
I don't can I mean like the good okay
we're in second you guys boo better
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh I want to hear my
wife's voice while I'm on Playboy calm
that fuck ariana Celeste right there
crystal-clear 4k screen goodness even
though the video is probably only 1080p
magazines can't give me that I agree
the rock could slam me into bed Arianna
Celeste main points uh playboy my my son
appreciates thought I'll save it for him
in case uh when he's in high school he
needs to do a history project and he's
like in the olden days or maybe he can
use it to start a fire when the world's
over either way Thanks
I love you faces and I'll see you next
time
