yes are we live
my little ass on a whisper add a bit
loves for like two weeks of our channel
because my editors are very busy
my laptop's
almost butterfly time do uh JFK this
morning together of four hours 22
minutes
music in the middle wait wait wait
you're gonna wait to prescribe scatter
to partly cloudy skies with like what's
up and in my head I think laptop row but
I have a computer that's gonna fill on
the flight now also the videos oh my god
also the others still have my vessel
three days earlier so that's why it
seems like there's a delay and what I'm
doing first what day it is okay I love
you
new videos every day again second right
after this video by tomorrow
so not to act like I just fell out of
the plane welcome back to the channel
I feel I filmed that I was gonna post it
last week didn't have enough time but
what I did want to say is coming back I
want to thank all of you who watched
this stupid video and are back on this
channel and part of my life by doing
something special and all of that is
gonna be made possible by our buddies
over at Full Sail about edu slash Phil
if you're interested in getting into
entertainment into film into ass
development some things that you feel
like your heart is in I highly recommend
Full Sail edu slash Phil it's something
that I respect it's something that many
of my employees here at the company have
actually done it went through got their
degree is now that work of a team
DeFranco so it's not just a sponsor it's
part of our work here so check it out
and also thank you to them for
sponsoring this episode because I get to
look into the camera and say to you I'm
gonna select two people in the comments
down below who liked this video leave a
comment and who are subscribed to this
vlog Channel and oh that was - people
are gonna win 200 dollars each so I feel
like that's a nice welcome back home to
the vlogedy and also yeah make sure you
are subscribed because we have new
videos coming out there's a there's a
bunch and some of them are even good oh
I'll be faces bye
