oh did that look good do that look good
sweat is away Oh pussy drop goes the
clock trip I thought drugs - is that bad
but really I'm like a drug yeah right
just called it has TD in it that's it
that's the clap
nasal I've been hanging out with BRE too
long because she says drippy pipi all
the time Trippi pipi yes let's drippy
pipi it's this thing I made oh my pipi
is drippy
what is it I'm get it just think about
it for a minute drip nice wet drippy
pain should be fancy it's saying I'm
horny do you have a drippy pipi okay do
it I just got off bed trick got more
that drip drip you actually do put your
nose yeah he's known because after a
couple of hours I feel like it would
come out of your nose that's probably
what every couple gross I am always so
sweaty I had a roommate that two words
he hated we're moist and panties and
that always be like boys and you like
that no I don't don't touch my nose I
hate when people touch my nose it's
untouched my feet don't touch my nose I
don't touch my dick that's what I was
thinking moist I get it it makes me kind
of really I thought that was like a
thing that people just like made up
because it was in like every movie like
jokes
yeah moist moist moist I love the word
panties those are like my most favorite
things on earth Andy panty ponzu I don't
like putting fluids in me I don't like
that you barely like to drink my
favorite is when people would heavily a
Gatorade cup and they'd put their whole
lives already like uh-huh see those
there there's a fucking gift for
whatever the fuck they love to get this
yeah yo a talking smackers I think I
like those like lip balm glass thingies
yeah look right you ever that dance that
they are doing smack Nettie smack drug
crackle pop Rice Krispies me
me yeah me this is what I do I get in
the cycle it's just saying Bank smack
Layton
okay Lindsay smack the shit out of me
you asked me to well cuz I've mentioned
this in a few videos that I uh no I'm
not saying like Lindsay beats me I'm
glad to say that the video like they
said help man I just got done doing some
smack I've been the same since then saw
my fucking dead granny
I don't think smack goes into it oh it
does wallop smack you swallow I think
it's actually snapped correct I know but
I was the first thing the pop that
popped into my head I like that wait
let's do a good one let's do a good one
smack me Oh
did that look good did that look good
snack comes in one big ball it's got
like a bunch of horns on it man hey yeah
here's swallow whore oh yeah yeah that's
how you know that shit will get you gets
right in your bloodstream cuts you on
the way down goes right in that's like
the that's a clean stuff though that's
like that's pure smack dirtiness Mac is
you go to a bowling alley you roll it
down and however whatever pen it hits
you like you know rub it around the smae
and then you eat that that's dirty smack
that's cool I mean it's not cool don't
do drugs kids but that's cool Mac
everybody's gonna do smack at least once
in their life all right you do smack
ones we deal with your parents yeah
don't let it happen again I like openly
like red it's a very scary time for me
right now
not my problem yeah smacks smacks smacks
is were frog he's stoned yeah his name
is dig'em really yeah no I felt very I
was worried she's gonna use it against
me in like a custody case or something
chocolate we make out and tell do you
want to okay it's what they want that's
all I wanted kiss me hmm
no that was job suggestion
what was their suggestion that we kiss
well who would we tell your dad me kiss
bang gang can please Kiss Kiss Bang Bang
I guess it would be the first thing that
happens a really stellar movie alright
that's a good movie with a Robert Downey
jr. yeah there you go yeah Shane black
directed a yeah yeah well Michael Ian
Black is the first operator of camera I
love that you're really good at
bullshitting I really wish I was better
bull today I just felt like it I feel
like it today they're good I like it I
think of the band oh yeah whoo how long
did how long can you make it I'm not
very long like deep I feel like I have
to charge that when I do I'm like and ah
yeah how you did know how do you that's
the that's how I make out I just put my
I put my teeth against someone else's
and I go junior here gerbil or hamster
whatever isn't a guinea pig a guinea pig
first of all she doesn't get the kissy
she gets pet kiss don't tell me you've
never kissed your guinea pig not even a
little peck not on the lips
yeah that's I'm saying you kissed your
guinea pig yeah like on the top of her
wall you kissed you're getting her it's
like a hamster giving a blowjob so what
that sounds like
you need some ADR for hamsters getting
blowjobs you call your girl
