wah-wah just starting with kung-fu again
this time sans dick that makes no that
makes no sense for anyone that's just
just beginning the like wait this is the
second one would you rather kill a five
year old girl's puppy I feel an old
lady's cat here's the thing
five year old girl's puppy that's a new
child you could teach it a lesson you
could t be like hey the world's not
great sometimes shit just happens
what but also think about this I'm
thinking I'm thinking for me uh-huh
I don't want to traumatize the
five-year-old uh-huh cuz then you could
create a psychopath like that could be
the same in that person's life
Dexter s yeah yeah or it's like no I'm
clearly not fuck this man I'm killing
little Asian girls now because that one
like happened my puppy yeah you know old
lady she maybe have like two three years
tops
good lives her life yeah if she does
turn into the psychopath only two three
years okay I like that yeah and she's
very she's not fully capable of doing
stuff you break her heart a little bit
but she's dealt with stuff she went
through the Great Depression you know
she's like you would break the hurley if
she becomes a cycle why you add an extra
stuff I'll kill a cat and break your
legs so we're gonna go with kill the old
lady's cat sorry granny
everyone's killing your cat well most of
us are here we go which rather skip
summer or skip winter out here it
doesn't matter no out here it's like
sure do you want to be kind of hot or do
you want to be kind of cold just a
little bit have you lived anywhere where
there's actual weather are you always
that you've always been out here
I don't know because I love I've been
out to like the East Coast when it was
cold fucking hated it you hated it I
don't did you get to experience you
didn't get wow I don't like to know like
I understand why you don't want to drive
on it but have you ever gone like
sledding or okay so this is the reason
why I don't like snow okay and this is
this kind of goes back to the five year
old traumatized girl okay this is this
is bit so this isn't the reason that I
killed a little white boys Oh first time
here
my dad wanted to show us snow because
I'm born in Philippines moved here right
he took us to Big Bear as high as he can
go where pretty much no one really liked
sled tzer's right have never like it
wasn't some resort it was just like on
the side of the road right okay he
didn't expect how cold it was gonna be
he gave us like cloth mittens and a
cardigan would like so I was freezing
yes solid so that it can absorb the
moisture and turning into the icicles
perfectly so going from Philippine
weather by the equator hmm fucking over
100 something to bees all the fucking
yeah to snow right and I'm excited of my
closet everything I see movies I'm gonna
make snow angel I go in and I go
straight down it was that deep he was do
I go straight down and I'm a little
claustrophobic I'm like panicking with
my with my clot missiles just kind of
client everything my dad me god bless
him what an amazing man but he didn't he
was not watching the kids so I was there
for a while and I was soaking wet and I
ended up just you were like I was so
miserable that I just sat in the back of
the car like took every clip like what
clothing off and it's just like froze
like I was sad is the worst yeah so I
was like fuck snow that's never fun I
feel like you should have more of an
issue with your father than snow so are
we skipping the fuck out a winner
okay yeah oh wow people with you here as
a as a once again I'm gonna call myself
a chubster I love any chance I can put
layers on layers I look smooth as fuck
sometimes I I have put on 25 pounds
since my wedding and I hate myself every
day
it is a lot it's a fucking is that like
a quarter of you yes yeah that isn't
that crazy here we go if you had to wake
up to one thing every day would you
rather be deeply insulted by a stranger
or be slapped across the face this
actually turns out to be a very simple
question for me I didn't realize this
until Kelly came through but I'm
apparently I just found out I'm
completely okay with being slapped in
the face I'm totally into exploring and
trying a lot of new things out like one
of the fad job like what's the how far
do I want to take this and help how deep
into my world do you guys want to dive
into jump-jump pocket you guys know that
people spit in my mouth so someone spit
in your mouth before hmm what um some
people that didn't see that video
they're like what the fuck in my water
taffy this is the first video I showed
my dad oh wait that's a what is that
again chick with a strap-on fuck - dude
- oh so you were into that I wanted to
try it for the longest time one of my
biggest fantasies where I don't know why
control reasons probably control your
tiny person candor or another yeah I am
scared that I like it too much
okay I thought you were like and then I
tried it and I don't talk to a few
people anymore that's why I had a friend
that was willing to do it right and so
we not not not a beta set friend just a
strap-on between Bros you know it never
happened obviously because I just
psyched myself out like what if that's
something that I'm really fucking into
and I end up with someone that I marry
them and it's like they don't want to go
down that road it's like one that's
fucking as me that's terrifying I if my
wife was like I want to do this ever
like I want to be I want to be openly
like sexual with you but I am NOT cool
with there's a difference between a
finger and a dick okay yeah right now
we're not going for a mandingo
fucking veins just visible from outer
space on this big cock dildo strapped on
that we're not talking about that that
was just very enlightening into what you
watch uh no I don't think I'd be able to
do it and that that would but that's
also I think that's something that you
try and throw out at some point in the
relationship because if your goal
hopefully would be to be with someone as
open and interested in otherwise you're
always gonna kind of not have something
and then ultimately you're gonna kind of
present that person a little it's funny
because it's like I am more than willing
to do all this but I'm so possessive
that wouldn't be willing to do like a
threesome
cuz like I if I'm bringing another girl
into like sex with this guy obviously
I'm having so much fun with him that I'm
like let's go another stuff like lights
good right next level if she likes the
sex as much as I do bitch wait so you
think that she's gonna try and come in
on you're not trying to get my good-good
this is my good so if I'm bringing
another girl only I can touch that I
think there'd be a good number of guys
that are okay with that
either that or there'd be like a good
number of guys that said they'd be okay
with it and then they would just like
test you yeah okay I get it
take off as far as like deeply insulted
that's stop fucking with my ego stuff
yeah I just I I imagine it's someone
that says something that's not even like
you're ugly it's like something that's
like deep in me in the sense of like
you're never gonna really be as good as
you want to be anybody oh oh shit whoa
you kidding
whoa I love how much you share I love it
because there's so many people that I
mean not a lot of people that do this
with me but there's so many people that
just like this you just fucking go for
it's awesome and that's that's where
we're gonna end this one with May
hashtag pegging oh hey gimme the pegging
I feel like that'd be like an immense
power trip because then if you do that
and then you don't end up together and
then he's with someone else like at some
point if they ever like say some
messed-up shit you'd be like I fucked
your ass and there's like there's no as
a man I don't know
I'd be like inside
any 100 places that you can't even reach
as I don't know what to do with my hands
that's where we're gonna add they should
I love your faces of course make sure to
check out me if you dare but the main
point have a great fucking day
