hello dick means you can't baby can be
got time jobs job yeah job much just
like blow like oh there's that blow hard
I wish we both looked at each other and
just like shot this up I mean yeah I
mean it's more of like blow me not like
wah wah my bitch we do it without like
feeling really rude see once again weird
shit happens and I'm like what would
that be like to just scream that anger
Wow little baby bitch oh my god
I'm probably tazie excite think that
your visa yeah dick who came up with
this list or words someone has been like
caught like studying me for a long time
on what are we getting all I was gonna
say me oh don't don't gag on dad I
wouldn't want anybody gagging on me and
made me feel bad no just gag me oh oh
shit no it hurt you know what come on
hurt me reflex Oh judging me on spanking
man when it comes to Oh hand on the
throat oh yeah
I love you can snap thinking of a bend
and snap
let's bend and snap don't worry about it
me you look like you're about to die it
would just be so I'm character and I'd
be so scared
others a gag ball but oh yeah yeah dick
you planned this
people had my downfall you can't ring
remember that good off idiot writing
some say dry and authors do the page
Chocolate Rain know it's the best kind
we get like a ding I was just giving the
other I'm sorry IQ you do you you did
great yeah hey that's my answer is is
participate letters heard on that like
the sweater and you don't let Colonel
turtleneck sweater so first time in a
long time we've had the same word
mustache uh Rick ron burgundy sweater
circumcision the best circumcision
sweaty it all the time one with a dollar
turtleneck that's a kind and
sweat feel like it's a good like a like
a good dick oh my god yes like a dad
like a dick takes her so much fun just
like playin so much body you ever seen I
never I mean I see oh no no I have you
ever seen like a turtleneck daddy yeah I
saw one in high school it was rude years
I'm not judging I'm not Jonathan yeah
but I'm sure it's cool
maybe it's warmer I bet what are you a
baby mmm both I saw this stupid
turtleneck but it was like a turtleneck
and with short sleeves and it was here
and then there was a skirt wait so it
just it was a dress like a crop like
flowy you're using all these words I'm
like it's a turning it over now you're
really trying to describe this and we're
trying I am really did like you
everybody if I can't get my point across
and three seconds I just get I go
straight to ink yeah you're signing me
up for failure lollipop I want to say
dick though I love that movie with
Vanessa Hudgens bunch yeah Sucker Punch
soccer ball so yeah punch a lollipop huh
put that like that bad movie Sucker
Punch
the worst it's so bad it's real bad
piece of shit real piece of shit I'm a
huge part on the massagin liked it I was
like it was weird
we had like a huge crowd I want to be
with her if she would like it soccer
pine ah sorry I'm sorry
put some more word how do you say
luminaid lemonade I say what's a 98 + 1
98 + 1 99 oh it's hard for me how you
say it
maintenant is hard ah it's hard to get
those T's in there Taysom I put students
in my jacket no no that even be
