what up we're back for a second version
version edition oh oh it's a dirty poop
joke if you remember the last video
we're doing another would you rather my
buddy Kevin Berwick is here what's up
guys he's a man who's never been in a
video where he's ever been terrified uh
I feel like we've agreed on most of
these I feel like it's been I know I
want to get into it I want to have an
argument with you would you rather watch
only dramas for the rest of your life or
would you rather watch only comedies for
the rest of your life oh that's so easy
for you is gonna be comedies
yeah I'd only watch comedies here's the
thing I like a good drama but sometimes
it's like you have to laugh and I'm
always up for a comedy like how many
times have like has a friend like gone
up to you been like hey I got an extra
ticket to Schindler's List want to go
and you're like yeah man that's I'm good
well I don't think you do if you're
jumping just straight like though were
like the only a lot of times dramas you
know they can be depressing or sad it
can also be really good dramas I mean
there's all different kinds of dramas
but yeah I'm just I'm a comedy guy I
agree with you though with the comedies
yeah I feel like even a kind of an
comedy is fine yeah because it's like
okay there are moments I left I don't
want to live in a world without Dumb and
Dumber a century wait did you say Dumb
and Dumber or Dumb and Dumber
Irv Dumb and Dumber okay do not mince my
words
oh yeah the world oh my god yeah 87%
tMT's going No look at the drama but all
those people were deity employees yeah
yeah we were gonna advertise on the
philip defranco show let's see if your
evil mastermind would you rather have
your lair be underwater or have your
lair be on the side of a cliff lair on
the side of a cliff why because then you
have an awesome view it's so you having
a house in the Hollywood Hills really -
yeah but underwater genome in Wales okay
I recently went to the Los Angeles
aquarium there's like this there's like
this tunnel where there's a good in
giant fish all around me the UH there's
like this and there's a snake tunnel and
it's like all glass and you can see all
the sharks and stuff and the first thing
I start thinking is like what if like
one of those windows cracked right now
see I'm still thinking underwater
because I feel like it's gonna be hard
to get to and then I wonder I haven't
like been underwater for a day I don't
know my level of claustrophobia and then
it's like to leave just to leave you're
underground there oh my god it's a
production anyway I'm on the wetsuit you
gotta get the tanks oh the whole
production yeah where's is you know the
submarine said you would be here you
know the submarine driver said he'd be
here half hour ago we're gonna disagree
on this one but I always click whoever
whoever they said bow Oh me and my
underwater Peter and the majority I'm
not that's fine let's say let's look at
the comments I never do this if it's an
evil lair it needs to be hidden
helicopters can fly by cliffs plus the
sharks with laser beams attached to
their heads could protect my lair boom
oh wait ooh but good good counterpoint
one drunk shark could shoot at your
layer and the pressure would explode the
facility we have would you Ralph my god
this is a horrible dark question would
you rather lose your mind or lose your
significant other oh that is so ok kids
so it's essentially so if you lose your
mind you're essentially like if you're
thinking like Alzheimer's right you're
talking about like the other person
suffering you lose your significant
other you're suffering I feel like I
feel like losing your significant other
might be the less harmful of the two it
is yeah just because it's like if you
lose your mind you're gone cuz I don't
know if you guys have ever seen someone
that has like Alzheimer's or you know
someone who's family member has
Alzheimer's it's one of the worst
fucking diseases on the planet just
because the person's there but they're
not there it's like I can't imagine like
talking to my mom and her being like who
are you again like not I mean like just
even the thought of that like cuz it's
such a real disease like that scares the
shit out of me it does sound horrible
but yeah I guess losing your significant
other because yeah if you lose your mind
yeah yeah cuz I'm feeling like it's not
going to turn out like the end of the
notebook
like it's not gonna be like oh that made
me feel stuff it was gonna be sad then
they both died together in a bed yeah
oh it was close but it's those 55/45
okay would you rather only be able to
meow yet look hiking lives or be able to
talk and live once I feel like because
of text messaging I don't need to talk
I feel like thanks to text messaging I'm
good what's your number then I just text
you
he's a I could be a poet a hit right
shit I could I could just say Oh mute
but timeout on mute what if you're like
texting me like hey man you want to go
see the the four o'clock Star Wars movie
and then I get your text and the text is
just you ma'am you I mean that would
about that but no I mean okay so if we
if were allowed to text message and
stuff yeah but I don't know man do you
want to live more than once yeah it
would be cool having nine lives like
something that I'll think about every
now and then is like what if we're all
the same person right if we're like all
Stardust bro and like we're all one
we're getting we're getting deep one
would you rather what if like if I die
then I become like you or I become like
someone else am i it's always one person
so literally like every time I do
something good for someone I'm doing
some good for me whenever I hurt someone
I'm hurting me yesterday thoughts
swamped I'm going nine lines what are
you going yeah I got to be able to talk
all right I'm I'm clicking yours I'm
still saying meow what you bitches crazy
you crazy
you got text messages you got 70% it you
got percent I knew it was a internet
loves cats
yeah but come on you think you're gonna
get a girlfriend or a wife I just want
that's gonna be the edge of this video
I'd love to in the the comments down
below let me know what your answers to
some of these were that said I love your
faces thank you Kevin
for having me unlike Kevin I hope you
have a great fucking day that's
something
me
