that's your quote if you don't drink
Diet Mountain Dew fuck you know oh my
god can we just let those videos down
this is amazing there's no note there's
no name on this you guys I don't like
this these are called handerpants their
underwear for your hands
no mary-jane the first thing she said to
hit to Peter Parker was face the tiger
you just hit the jackpot we have had sex
this is fucking dangerous because I know
are you fucking at it and I'm scared
meg B asks will you adopt me I get this
question so much let's let's see Meg
no no I was wondering why this is Meg
and so is this hello my girlfriend would
like teabag a philip defranco teabag yes
she would like fill up the friend do at
the Gipper the teabag okay
the funny thing is that guy doesn't
realize it's already happened I'm bored
listen set up your PayPal account and
I'll say 50 bucks for a picture of your
feet I'm a Pokemon Pokemon and like you
know sometimes I'm Charmander sometimes
Charmeleon sometimes a charge I think
happen right now I'm magma would you
rather be infertile or have a child that
passed away before the age of five be it
fertile still hundred seventy than 1000
people I want to experience joy and then
the most amount of pain humanly possible
Oh bullshit I want there to be an
exclamation mark like Jo cries this is
the rapist that does that turn into like
accidental assault I don't know what
that turns into accidental choking
that's oh oh I was gonna say that's like
oh yeah do that so hopefully that's not
everyone's reaction
whips off sets orders a lot of tenders
it sets your attention I just imagine
like a whip like is that how you deal
with is that it coupe in Jersey right
yeah cuz you talk like Colonel Sanders
all the time I do not Keys can do this
here's the thing sending nudes that's a
bigger commitment than this ring that's
the like you know what this ring right I
get divorced she gets half or whatever
the hell our contract says that's great
that's fine dick pic my life is forever
changed if there's like a lesson to be
learned in this video where I just
wanted you to meet the work family is
one in a creative setting I find it very
helpful to to have somewhat of a family
dynamic and that everyone can give each
other shit what a little disgusting fact
about me I have tonic foot callous
terrible we see you know God no I'm like
I'm okay with with weird I was jerking
off to my videos but not weirdos jerking
off videos of my feet after the video
oh my god
I was like whoa she's a really good
actress and then you started freaking
out and then I started freaking out holy
shit holy shit it's just gonna be one of
those things that until he's like on his
deathbed this is actually yes what and
my name is Gary no that's this sounds
like a small child is operating Flula
from the outside yeah thank you for
watching if you want to check out more
of Rob Bob text again it's just
it should just stem from where like your
dick start around
oh no they're like nope not doing that
it's just it just gonna be a picture of
James like giving us the bird
