stopping beautiful bastards welcome to
another would you rather we have Rob P
in the building I'm gonna clap even
though I'm the only person that's really
awkward people demand it apart too you
know they they they went to Twitter and
Facebook they said hey that guy
Kurama wear the same clothes do you want
to know like every video we do I get
that sounds like being like do you spoke
10 dozen there's a day I took a
screenshot of once but it was like I
love his voice I want to hear it every
night as I go to bed they was like he
makes me want to kill myself no I've
never smoked I'm not dying in doubt I
just always had like a scratchy deep
voice really yeah like at 16 like Dick
Cheney I never be wondered that like
squeaky like like you know just daily
names screech powers was I never had
that I went straight from a child to
2002 ja Rule ha ha
so first one would you rather eat a five
course meal in front of 10 starving
children or steal the bucket from five
salvation he said oh I know there's
maybe like a positive it's like which of
the two evils would you go in this world
what are you doing I 100 steal a bucket
from five I'm like I feel like I could
run for I'll go to steel with the steel
the bucket oh yeah oh I thought you were
shaking your head no you're absolutely
I'm not gonna eat it it from the like
you were thinking of could you get away
from the stand fast enough I'm trying to
think of the whole situation you know
I'm still in that bucket have I would
say the bucket 500 times for Audi five
courses yes
imagine that awkward moment when you're
you're in the car on the hot or like
about to get on the highway and there's
that there's that person with like two
puppies and a sign and it is like still
make eye contact just don't make eye
contact with that person but what about
after the fourth course when you're like
oh stop
how am I getting another bite oh you
haven't eaten since September
ah bring it on what see this last course
you can throw it you can throw scraps
are you allowed I don't think so
so they were going to the Santa if
anyone click the disarming kids they're
monsters you know that's gonna be like
it's gonna be 40% probably you think so
oh it's close close Oh close there we go
we have uh would you rather stand on
red-hot burning coals for 30 seconds
without moving or shut your hand and a
waffle iron for two minutes you know I'm
gonna feet little disgusting fact about
me I have done a foot callous terrible
shall we see you know god no oh I'm like
I'm okay what with weird I was jerking
off to my videos but not weird I was
jerking off videos of my feet please I'm
asking so nicely please immune photo of
your feet after the video uh what goals
- yeah han have you ever gotten like a
serious burn
uh fell by like I've been in Florida
barefoot just summer so it's like the
same thing my Vita and like I feel like
that's a little I mean you're looking at
two minutes two minutes one it's done
going with this I feel like yeah
Oh overwhelming ass but George what
about what if you change it to 30 30
alright so 30 seconds 30 seconds I'm
still going the same yet you might you
said three seconds and I'll waffle I'm
still still know when you rack up a new
toilet paper roll would you rather have
it facing the wall or go ahead it's the
12 a rumor is I feel like you want it
facing out alright but you want to roll
out like this not roll it from behind
yeah because then when you rip then you
got to do like this weird tuck and pull
grab situation I mean I don't feel like
my life has ever really been slowed down
by the toilet paper situation but I
think I would agree with you like you
this way like I'm gonna do this not wait
so so question what's your what's your
living a cool dance with this like you
don't have I don't think that I don't
think we're the people to make it cool
we're gonna start question about your
living situation do you live with
yourself or okay no roommates I have a
ruined yeah okay do you or he ever do
the lazy ass I'm not going to change the
toilet paper roll I'm going to put the
new piece of toilet over a video does I
have my own bathroom okay okay but I
would imagine his bathroom is just a
stack of those on top of the other just
balancing wait are you going with the
same or you don't care it's facing away
from the wall
right yeah yes yes alright everyone's
with us everyone or the other
I think these are just people confused
about what that meant
yeah because like what he is like oh
yeah I like to throw it the wrong way
that's cool would you rather have the
ability to teleport or be able to time
travel I I love both of those yeah I
like the time travel I feel like time
travel I could use time travel I could
like manipulate systems but then all
sudden whenever it's time travel i
overthink it and I'm like am i creating
alternate time it's happening teleport
I'm just gonna become a criminal that's
it absolutely yeah I'm gonna
what was the that movie where the guy
jumper yeah yeah I'm gonna do that but
I'm not terrible version hey man that
movie had moments was that before or
after the prequels uh cuz it had
what's-his-face
that was after it's like what do you do
after you over wooden Star Wars so like
jumper jumper
what a terrible casting choice for
jumper I mean wait so what are you gonna
choose - this Oh teleport teleport okay
I'm going to time travel but ooh
fifty-fifty split hey good job
we did it guys that's gonna be at the
end of this video and thanks for
watching make sure to go check out Rob
and all the weird places that he goes to
uh it's only the Travel Channel
joke about on Yelp it's a figure
thanks for watching
I gotta that I get I can't even think
