what is happening my body's so rigid
we're here for another day so those yes
master Phil how's today going what are
you about to do about to do something
about to do our our first official
regularly livestream Q&A of the month
okay at the end of the month we do the
town halls every now and then we throw
some stuff in between I think this month
we're also throwing up some random test
videos which are kind of just framing
shots but it's always a lot and more and
he's excited because she's been like
ready to give it yeah people yeah you
know test and tell you what the hell are
you doing I am reading on our patreon
post and making sure I got everybody's
questions okay like I like talking to
the back you know sorry
well I'm also I'm but I'm checking our
patron pose to make sure we get to
everyone's questions okay we did them
answers as promised well sounds good
Phil yeah we're just gonna keep it under
test doing the live shows and all that
good stuff what day is this going up
this is going up tomorrow is that a
serious question
yeah once yes so if you want to get in
on the the beta the test version of the
iOS app where we're allowing a few
thousand people in obviously we're only
including Frank we'll leave people first
just because we need a small case but if
you've needed a reason to join up other
than all the exclusive and all the early
stuff there you have it but keep in mind
dude you are going to be beta test again
beta testing kit was that link in the
link in the description that we're going
for me just to Frank will eat calm
because I can o give you the actual link
yeah okay cool love it Phil love it all
right well good luck today love you Joe
love you guys bye
glad I said I love you and you didn't
say prove it this time you're growing as
a person or as a person Phil I'm
discovering myself all right productive
you are starting to get so many please
I'm running out of rain yeah we just
hired a thousand employees no awesome
just a little persons under this big
persons in there that'd be cool too are
you gonna put together like Joe Kufner
here I cut this not here look simply
making chairs making steamers what's
that for Kate oh wait no blueberry pie
no idea don't send us blueberry pies
what's going on in here boys I believe
you were wrong in the Martin Luther King
facts thing apparently Columbus Day is a
national holiday that helps for a non
president so I was unjustly it was
confirmed no I
it's a national holiday a federal
holiday a different answer than my
biased googling people are saying that
the street questioned any one of the
answers would have been correct that's
the kind of thing where you got the
question wrong in the test you go up to
the teacher after and say well
technically I was right so anyway we're
about to meet with Zach to hear the
details of some new new things we're
doing though we got new researchers
coming in and a new set that's about to
be built and here he is Zach what's
going on we're gonna put three more
people in that room
to meet with Brian and talk about
building another six mile walk do more
tests shootings for the news podcast
okay important business she has like a
thing and we were investigating yes you
guys don't know where are you going cuz
it didn't work you know we're gonna go
does it work that's alright I was
popping back in the brain how are those
hats doing you know what they're doing
really well and I had a thought
you are like working on your modeling
career right yeah so I thought if we
sell like I don't know like 500 hats or
something by the end of the week I think
that we should do a photo shoot with you
like a modeling photo with that yeah
okay to reward your insane awkward my
rate is increased you know um I think I
think you're gonna have to talk to Phil
about yeah okay yeah alright so yeah
what's up what's have a photo shoot you
thinking we ought to get JC Penney's
attention right you'll do like outside
maybe a little nature I can do maybe
certain lists on Phil's couch accident I
shouldn't go start listen up I won't do
that I gotta wait for that your HR right
so you should know yeah but I approve if
I approve it then it's okay
right I don't think there are certain
like regulations that every HR person
has to follow doesn't the company
establish what those rules are Joe there
are laws so there's you can't not wear
shirts on couch loss I like to see that
law google it and see if there's a law
know your rights
take your shirt off it's above the law
this was posted in 2013 and I don't know
if there's a legitimate maybe the laws
change
Joe is rolling this is the meeting where
we're gonna talk about ideas and then I
say that 90% of them are incredibly
fucking stupid and you should be ashamed
of yourself and then we do you have any
ideas family says no no I have zero sir
ideas or solutions but I just want to
shit all over everyone that's tried so
what was its meaning about secrets Joe
each other about how he lost a virginity
as an ice breaker and then we're gonna
talk about versions of the the new live
shows virgins in the news live shows
yeah yeah birds in the live version
hello alright Ryan what are you doing
hey Joe we're setting up another test
shoot for the new new show that'll beat
you two people on one side of the table
and one person on the other cut and then
two and two so we're just kind of
testing it with multiple people the same
setup we did with Phil it Amanda last
time all right
exact how do you feel about all this
good they liked it so we're gonna move
forward with that when I see options
more people shooting it in a way that we
can build a graphics package around them
okay so we're gonna shoot kind of with
the graphics and mind and turn that up
so that we can do like a little
post-test and whip up some graphics and
see that look sounds good
three cameras repetition is the key I
mean yeah it's not like you can just set
up on to me okay this is it and just go
with the repetition is the key to
success repetition is the key repetition
is the key guys please don't forget that
repetition is the key like bagels okay
you spelled your wrong but you did give
me a second of like this is kind of
awkward I don't know what's going on
it is Keith's birthday yeah I think we
already set aside things early yeah yeah
not anymore
keith is old what is that abomination of
a pie this would be a key lime this
looks dope chocolate cream pie is that
Apple Apple yeah why is nobody here
nobody wants to so I don't know where I
mean we have work to do I have work to
do stuff I gotta warn yourself
here we go
a lot so thanks and I'll see you play I
feel awkward to shit
logan paul tribute
keep giving I'm gonna say I said thank
you already right yes okay that's good
thanks oh is this another test shoot
right yes Joe what you guys gonna talk
about for this test shoot I don't know I
found out that it was happening 20
minutes ago and so I decided all right
sounds good so what you're looking
forward to about this new kind of setup
this new kind of angle that you're
dealing with with this live show you're
looking forward to anything about it yes
question yes I feel like what we're
gonna be doing a lot of with these new
shows filling a thing that I've talked
about before and which is a lot of us is
the whole point is the conversation
that's it realization between people
that like and I was gonna say unlike but
very very very very different opinions
and also that incorporating the audience
in that Christy you can come across are
you joining on this session so guys
let's the first topic of the day the
persecution of the white man okay let's
get in the real issues we've had a hard
time when I say we I mean white guys
yeah you think I have it easy I look
like I've been fed with a silver spoon
my whole life
cuz I have all right cool sounds good
I'm looking forward to seeing what you
guys talk about it's gonna go up like
the other one to mlc see maybe it did
really well the other ones are really
well yeah I never plan on it from the
get-go people like the conversation
spill I think you're onto something
Thanks I think I don't think anybody's
never had a conversation before ever
talk okay talk casas grateful convo cats
how about combo cast yeah I was gonna
say I think you should stick to filming
what what did you tell Phil our idea for
the hats no he's a tone right now but
what I told Joe that if Lisa all 500
hats so we will do a photo
Matt cuz he wants to be a model so I
thought have you even tried the head on
I don't I haven't I'm not a hat guy I
wear hats William bloom easy breezy
looked like you care about your hair
yeah I got like selling my hair but I'll
- I'll do it for you Phil I'll pose in
the hats for the for the Phil you always
try and like do favors for me that I
then ask just for you we'll make it
happen Phil all right so 500 we'll see
you bye everybody
I know it's think about a Pete yes I
drink a lot of urine
