satisfied yes hardly Mick Jagger yeah
yeah well food I was gonna say steak
really and every time I have sex right
next to it they're satisfying not I'd
ever hardly ever I'm not a satisfy
ladies satisfied pillow I think that's
like once I'm satisfied it's time for
bed
wow wow yeah that is pretty accurate
yeah you're like well it's eight o'clock
and like where what yeah yeah listen the
only thing that's gonna get me truly
satisfied is I have a fantastic meal
that's you are a meal man I'm a meal man
I like to eat sex sandwich sexing with
whips off sex
there's a lot of tension sets your
attention my headache tension Oh stress
I guess attention attention headed you
know the one I get it's in one spot
sucks it's building in my longer back
just so much tension in your back rub it
out using accurate I just imagine like
putting tension on something and got to
say get gif to fuck me
ah I just imagine like a wit like is
that how you deal wit is that it maybe I
like to hold both ends of an actual lip
that sounds painful actually but yeah
that's how I do the wit it's any dance
move I'm working on it again guinea pigs
when all she wants pitch oh you just cut
the first part of that word up or off so
that's that's where my mind went
yeah do I really mind Amanda you grew up
into dripping Jersey right yeah cuz you
talk like Colonel Sanders all the time
are you not talking when you see big
tension I thought like you know tension
or like a bridge keeping it up that's my
mama dick and just like dick dick all
the way lining temperate in the day and
my pushy
no drop perfect cloud oh I was thinking
the same thing I'm up Raina's pretty
cool yeah I wish it was raining I gotta
go inside okay can keep reading rainbow
he's gonna do this rainbow Reyna he
could be like the new you should be the
new rainbow by late tonight master
Gawain
Oh Ryder hmm fucked up Matt it is I
thinking the same
wait wait what's that toilet you know
I've always thrown up and shit you do it
no no I try not to throw up I decided it
wasn't for me but that's another thing
that's coming back I'm so little yeah oh
my god it's in my snapchat all the time
shit that was lit drip drip drip I leave
another everywhere
weirdest place why did I do this video
with my dad got really excited because I
want to get lit I know what lit is
actually I'm not cool enough to know
what it is but I know the kids say it on
the Internet so scared of how Keys gonna
edit us I'm so good make me look cute
babes make me look cute
Rowlett lit roller oh oh you think
you're cent with mother fucker I was
doing so good I was watching fucking
cars the other day and I realized that's
the first iteration or the use of lit
it's like during the scene where they're
those it's like the shitty cars that are
sponsoring the main car he said
something like you know I can get lit
anytime I want talking about lights and
he's like my cousin does all the time
and I was like oh cuz then he was like a
drunk car like what this is worth adults
but that's a thing it's a movie from
like 10 years ago I didn't realize it
was that old now you know yeah cut to a
clip well you know racecars don't need
headlights because the track is always
lit shows my brother but he still needs
hit like wait is that a phrase like
you're lit when you drink you're lit up
like I'm in the christmas tree like I've
heard that really versus I mean you're
drunk English is so much fun
