oh I don't know what that was so today
we're in the middle of setting up a ton
of things in and out of meetings and
annetta calls so what I wanted to do a
lot of times you just kind of see people
in the background people assume that
people do other jobs things and this
I wanted you to kind of meet the people
that are on my team this mother fucker
this mother for actually this will work
in the quickest amount of time gonna say
who you are and the things that you do
so but you're gonna do it for every
person on the team okay that's gonna be
this one okay bye I think you're I think
you're gonna be in good hands
it's okay they touch you let me know
okay I am Jordan
I am Phil's executive coordinator so
what I do is I do the scheduling for him
I work with Amanda on all of the
schedules for the show and we come up
with creative stuff to do all the crazy
stuff marketing I do marketing stuff and
the hover boards for my idea what what
happens James on the PDSA that's it
that's all you do here my title I also
edit most things I taught you how to
edit and design graphics no what else do
I do you provide much-needed sarcasm I
provide sass I bring summer early hey
I'm Keith I added mostly for the
blogging and Jordans laughing at me
right now why is everyone laughing at me
really clearly that's pretty much what I
do here just feel weird and it sometimes
for the pds although that's more so
James's thing and say Tom a lot I say
I'm a lot alright hey guys my name is
Jonathan and I work for Phills team
doing assistant editing and I pull all
of his stories in the morning for the
philip defranco show I write his
descriptions I write the tags and I get
bossed around by Amanda hi I'm Amanda
and I do everything I'm Phil's producer
and I work on all of Phil's shows what
are you doing events like coming up
everything
and that was really I wanted to showcase
those guys one so you're not just like
who are these fucking people because
they'd feel like the team's changed and
it's grown over over all this this time
and this is like this small group is is
the the group that gets it done there's
of course also the SourceFed and
SourceFed nerd and evl and nuclear
family and just so much but those are
those are in general large teams this is
this for the PDS vloggity project that
you guys going to be seeing in the next
few months which is a really awesome
deal now the podcast and pretty much
anything else that we mess around with
anyone can start a YouTube channel and
we run a YouTube channel by themselves
for a very long time but for a company
you gotta you gotta add people otherwise
you burn out it's not all about getting
the job done it's being able to do it
it's it's very much a marathon and not a
sprint that's why you see so many
talented creators burn out it's just it
can become a lot especially if you put
everything on your own shoulders and I
haven't always thought that way I did
the Philip DeFranco show myself for the
longest time when we launched channels I
did it in myself for the longest time
and a guy that I don't work with now and
I don't really have a good relationship
with now the one thing I am glad about
that I got in that relationship was him
drilling it into my head that it's not a
solo job that you have to have experts
at different things if there's like a
lesson to be learned in this video where
I just wanted you to meet the work
family is one in a creative setting I
find it very helpful to to have somewhat
of a family dynamic and that everyone
can give each other shit but at the end
of the day you know you have each
other's back whether it be working till
midnight like they did before the before
the end of the year when everyone is
gonna go on vacation we had to pump out
25 videos also for the other youtubers
out there I think it is very important
to know how to do all the different
things whether it be writing or
ad-libbing performing in front of the
camera knowing how to operate the camera
know
the editing software know how to do
upload and focus on the SEO but
eventually if you do want to grow past
your initial thing you need to have
people and the thing that's important
there you can pump yourself up about
what what you're good at and when you're
great at but it's also very important to
know what your weaknesses are and at
what point you need to bring in other
people that can be experts at those
things that you have no desire and
getting better at I think that's my
philosophy which is it is pretty
confirmed and locked down if you look at
my early videos compared to now but
that's that I hope you enjoyed meeting
the work families and have a great
fucking day
