some people bastards we are back with
another dose of would you rather yes no
okay you know you know what I think the
best way to figure out if it is fake
just start tickling him it's just gonna
be one of those things that until he's
like on his deathbed
this is actually my yes what and my name
is Gary no that's just sounds like a
small child is operating Flula from the
outside yeah so actually this kind of
relates would you rather not be able to
stop being serious or not be able to
stop Joe part of me is like oh I would
love to never be able to stop joking but
what else you're a funeral no a human
being yeah
the always-on youtuber for me no but I
can't not joke like I don't have to be
able to like and even I'm really bad at
that word it's like super serious stuff
like I'm so bad when people are having
serious conversations I'm like like I'm
always that person you said we'll be
like break like hearts
tears coming out really and then like
the door came in I'm like the door goes
dog came in I'm sorry I'm so sorry
like you have to like go back oh I don't
know that's so hard what were you I
would I would be able to not be able to
stop joking
and I would just yeah I have to deal
with the fact that I was annoying and I
think because of this I'd be aware of it
so I'd be like I'm so sorry
like I'm so sorry I'm so sorry
like that's what I have to be and I'd
also be bad at joking because if you
have to never stop good then yeah you're
just gonna end up like making Joe you're
gonna kill yourself I think yes like or
you become the Joker there eat only KFC
for a month or eat only Taco Bell for a
month Taco Bell
yeah I uh I've given Taco Bell so much
shit but on like those those dark dreary
days I'm like yeah I've talked about
like level of where you are comfortable
with success and I talked about never
having to buy new socks and also being
able to get an uber while you're drunk
and have them go through a talk about
drive and not it be like a thing we're
not getting that your body's gonna be
either way
KFC or Tucker I feel like KFC I'm just
gonna get back there Taco Bell would you
rather be a rock star or a movie star
really yeah I love the idea of like
music of being able to just go on stage
and be like this is the same shit I said
yesterday and everyone's like have you
been doing
lately like sugar right it's like every
time I have to sing I just want to think
about it so like Radiohead still has to
play creep and they're like fuck we have
so much other stuff but we still have to
play creep and then they're like oh like
they hate it so with a movie start at
least you can be like alright I'm going
to be different things every single day
unless you're Donnie Doug apparently
you're just the guy I think you've
talked me into movie movies
cuz also I'm thinking about cuz I know a
few people and they're just always on
fuckin buses and planes really think
about it I guess yes but even then I'm
like you know that guy from ac/dc don't
tell me you guys have never gotten to
let out yeah way I don't know see see Oh
what are they teaching this place well
I'd have to be a solo dude oh you know I
saw what you did Jared Leto
no no it's crazy like the number of
youtubers I knew that when it came out
how many how much DJ's made in Vegas
we're like I just become dangerous well
duh
I feel like now the bigger guys they
have to also be producers and of that
anything and you can make millions of
dollars to play oh yeah every now and
then we'll go to Vegas and we know like
a few promoters there and they'd be like
oh yeah I was there I'm like oh cool are
they good it's like let's get some
pictures with you and I'm like just
taking a shot with some dude I have no
idea like a
that's cool wait the smoke machine you
were literally just okay oh that's what
do you do what do you do I do shots
we're two people with pictures would you
rather be known as racist or be known as
a sexist I feel like easy I'd rather be
known as a sexist yeah like Oh Phil by
its instead of being like that dudes
choosing to be a racist I feel like what
you're saying is kind of uh you could
almost say the same things and then the
sexist thing has a little like you're
like you know what I have like I have a
classic idea of the family right see so
sexist you're like okay man goes to work
and like what would say at home if
you're racist you're like you know black
people should be doing our chores for
free well do you think that's like the
equivalent of like the girls are where
the minimum men in this shirts yeah and
I do and I even like cuz feminist is
such a weird term now I feel like well
it's 100% change like I think they're I
think there is a sense of classic yeah
feminism like they're there I've heard
of like it's such a weird thing to be
like when the a girl girls that are like
fucking pigs
taking over and you're like you're a
different level I don't want to be
associated with you as a woman yeah I
think I think that it that would be
considered toxic toxic feminism which is
like the bastardization of it which is
actually more congenial misogyny yeah
hilarious though like literally like
there's so much not to blow out does
about but like just about sometimes
sometimes has great something sometimes
like who who did you let write today
yeah just like in the coffee and I get
it cuz he's copy first yeah how about
yeah sometimes yeah that is it's either
like a meaty like oh shit this is a
crazy story or it's like so that's
that's what we're gonna end with is a
noted sexist Leah Newton
thank you down with all women forever
and if you enjoyed this video this video
give it that like love go check out Li
in all the places if there's no text
here someone's getting fired that's
what's cool for me going you you've
fucked up on the Lee video why are you
filming cuz I fuckin said I wouldn't
anyway thank you love you why
