Xabi beautiful bastards since you liked
it so much I'm just guessing I felt we
filmed this in the same damn day we're
doing number two for would you rather
with apparently we found out last time a
best friend a good time just don't tell
Kevin Berwick
he's an established known around the
world or being a famous actor known only
in America I don't know because I feel
like an actor you're famous all the time
Olympics like you care about Michael
Phelps and then almost nobody else like
you get you get a few faces and then
they go away well I feel like if I'm an
athlete I get you get in a lot more
trouble doing drugs as an athlete than
you do as an actor I'm interested in
that like alright so wait so you want
the pre comeback Robert Downey jr. life
is that you're thinking you're just like
ah there's something that is scary about
actually being that level of famous
because there are a few youtubers that
have hit that point and there that of
bypassed and it's kind of crazy because
there are people also like choice upon
who started off as this little baby
someone retweeted something from five
years ago where it was like I joined
this Phil you're the best and then now I
see it am I holy shit kid it was me I
met him when he was 13
um and he came up to me with his dad and
goes I love you in Michael Buckley
and I knew he was gay instantly but yeah
he probably knew but he wasn't now yes
and we came out years later I was like
that's my baby
oh so you claimed that out I did yeah
it's not a beautiful yeah I'm gonna be a
famous actor only known in America
because I don't want to get up early and
run yeah a lot of work let's do that one
yet pretty even pretty even that's good
I'm fine only being on one place I don't
even know all around the world that's
two Americas a big place America's great
you can get everything America would you
rather horde or compulsively clean while
I currently you are don't you
I'm a little bit I'm like I'm trying to
look at this room what happens for me
everyone everyone that works for me
eventually finds out that I kind of just
throw everything around and then in a
day of just panic about Who I am as a
human being I'm like I gotta clean
everything I throw everything away and
start over yeah um yeah I clean a lot
and I still feel like I have so much
shit all of it
I'm a little bit of a hoarder I'm gonna
go compulsively clean because I feel
like my apartment would be poppin and
keep with a love of me for some reason I
once again I imagine that you do
everything while you sing it you just
feel Darrell I'm just singing exactly
lie in and lightly and on my shoulders
I'm mopping the floor
yeah everyone's with you bet you who
wants to hoard things well I would to
have your house collapse on top or would
you like people to come over your house
or parties and have a good time
faithful yeah but then you don't get to
enjoy it cuz you're just like don't the
coat use the coaster that's true yeah
would you rather have narcolepsy or have
chronic insomnia I've had I've only had
like mild insomnia in just certain weeks
where I've been extra stressed not able
to sleep for a long amount of time yeah
narcolepsy seems terrifying that you
can't drive yeah yeah be campy truth I
might fall asleep on that dick you know
I'm saying that's not a good look for
anybody Oh was I that does that turn
into like accidental assault I don't
know what that turns in but accidental
choking that's Oh
oh I was gonna say that's like holy shit
oh no that's terrifying though cuz also
what if they're like what if they're
just like boom not paying attention just
enjoying life you die yeah it's just
that's bad news they're like oh this
feels great baby I keep going and I'm
you know not breathing anymore
but man at that point easier into that
then you could be like I don't want to
scare you but I've killed a girl with my
dick it was consensual worth it for the
story quick the quickest story uh he
went for the bye my mind immediately was
like I fell asleep on my dick yeah that
would be bad
I think oh I don't want to crash into
someone I don't want to choke on a dick
I can tomatoes my life I'm fine that's
true you know what actually yeah I would
say some of the best weird shit I ever
do is when I'm like I'm going on low
sleep I'm sick
it just it's over for me yeah
Sonia and 53% I'm shocked by that I'm
shocked that that many people want to be
a narcoleptic do you think that you'd
have to just roll if dudes that knew you
it's like they're of a size that you
couldn't choke on it like it would be
more of like a cheap seat soon a
toothbrush situation today junior high
will be it will be actually more said if
you didn't choke me - that's what I was
I'll calls even my dick once and she
just fell asleep she didn't die her
anything like actually woke up she
thought you a toothpick in our mouth oh
that's - statistically there's someone
close to that and that's a sad life do
you think that your life would be
different if you had a penis well cuz I
asked us to Lena happier about like like
camping situations I mean a girl is
generally uncomfortable at any situation
where you have to pee randomly or do
anything it's just it's kind of they
have that thing that what leads to it -
upon all that you use which it no one's
got time for that I don't have time for
that certainly so I know if my dress is
like splitting all the way oh my god
well luckily we have a second camera
let's go to the second angle you know
it's just the why do you think I'm
wearing shorts today oh damn no one
warned me that's where we're gonna end
this one once again if you want to check
out the fantastic Meghan tonjes one if
you call her don't have a penis that's
too tiny that's not terrible I'm gonna
do this again oh I'm doing this again I
wanted to do with other words dick show
me that's good
there's definitely not a weird outro
that I attempted to do and then it was
terrible thank you - Meghan tonjes
for being here and talking about all the
weird shit with me if you want to check
her out go to you porn calm slash
negative conscious and also youtube.com
slash Meghan's hunky yes / Meghan tonjes
or Tanja I got multiple you got oh you
got that you got that validation all I
got the music channel what she like one
what music stupid use what's a music
you're supposed to be an artist you know
the music what makes me more money but
the blood channel is easier
that's true that's very true
