I realize we haven't really done a full
Q&A video in a while so that's what I
want for today's vlog that kind of works
out perfectly because for the first time
in probably a year and a half I played a
game today for five hours straight
it was amazing not specifically the game
itself I was playing this thing called
punch club it's a really fun game on
Steam I'd recommend it I mean check it
out I'm not done yet so maybe I'm gonna
hate it that's that I went to my Twitter
at Philly D asked you guys to throw some
questions at me maybe I'll answer them
in here we go Meg B asks will you adopt
me I get this question so much let's
let's see Meg no no those wondering why
this is Meg and so is this Meg I'm gonna
let you in on a secret here in case you
don't know you are a very attractive
Asian model did you know that not only
can I not adopt you if you accidentally
somehow come within 1,000 yards my house
I think it'll set off some alarm that my
wife is now set but that said Meg and/or
47 year old man catfishing me as Meg you
have a fan in me let me face keep it up
and the Internet is a big place if you
look hard enough someone will let you
call them daddy was your favorite Disney
Princess I'm not a six-year-old girl
Mulan Mulan is 100% my favorite what do
you think of the YouTube interviews with
Obama this year I didn't see the new
ones but in general they're usually
softballs but if there were any hard
ball is thrown please link me in the
comments not abdullah asks do you own
your house i do every other house that
you've seen me in before that was rented
bought it during the busiest time in my
life i sold the company I proposed to
Lindsey we found out we were gonna have
a baby we needed a place and it's 100
percent more than what we need right now
I I'm actually a very good person with
money but this was something I wanted to
buy bigger not because I wanted to talk
about how many bedrooms and baths I have
well my dad has always told me is he
regretted getting the house that he got
the main reason that it's too small he
saw that as his starter home something
to have and then eventually sell and get
a bigger place a PKD hit him hard he had
to leave the workforce and so it was
kind of that mindset Lindsay and I had a
room maybe I would have an office Trey
would have his room and then we have two
rooms for friends and fam
that common visit but also if I end up
staying here or if PKD hit me hard or
anything happens we have this place for
when baby number two or three or seven
oh my god no I think I might get snipped
or dyed or whatever the hell they do
after the second one love and respect to
che the amazing family amazing kids not
for me to I over answered that one but I
have words we're gonna play ksi in FIFA
well ksi keeps dodging me is 85%
screaming 10% jumping around 5% skill
I'm just fuckin with you
drug me side I think I could probably
beat ah half of the side month you
remember a while ago I drew with Cal
freezing and he utterly destroyed me
after I was trying to come back to nil
beat nap like I'd be Castro on its main
point I'm decent although a lot of that
changed in FIFA 16 I haven't played as
much hunter Hayward a started Pokemon
choices Charmander Bulbasaur squirtle
Charmander all day every day Bevo and KY
a sweet thing
oh babe thighs out of the One Direction
guys is a weird question and I think
it's B it's like a regional thing some
people call them one direction I call
them Harry Styles and then a few other
guys okay offended a bunch of people
about something that you actually have
no opinion on great cursive letter asks
why does time seem to be going slower it
does not seem to be going slower for me
feels like two months ago Trey was this
little blob that was just there and
didn't smile or react or do anything I
have this little adorable monster man
running around the house and knowing
what he's doing I feel like in no time
he's gonna be in school we're gonna have
this amazing time together he's gonna
graduate he's gonna have ups downs he's
gonna be successful and then he's gonna
put me in a home
oh and I'd slap him in the face if I
could remember what he looked like oh
that's this is a sad story that I just
told but to answer your question your
perception of time is relative so if
time feels like it's going slow it's
most likely because maybe you're bored
with life or you're not doing stuff
that's exciting or new to you or you're
looking forward to something and it
feels like it will never come Quran asks
would you rather see Trey grow up to be
the most successful MMA fighter ever or
have him be moderately successful in
science ooh here's the thing when it
comes to fighting and obviously boxing
at em and they are different you at all
do you don't get out like Floyd
Mayweather people gave me weather all
the shit in
world because all you just dancing
around the punches and tapping them
having a long successful career doesn't
necessarily mean you have the
best-looking fights Muhammad Ali one of
the greatest but also one of the most
damaged people from the sport mayweather
love him or hate him he made a ton of
money he got out I mean look one of the
biggest guys in MMA right now Conor
McGregor one of the best pound-for-pound
fighters in the UFC right now one of the
most exciting fighters he understands
how to do promo you get new contracts
made where he's actually getting splits
of the pay-per-view is like this is a
big deal fighter I mean if you take away
his last fight where he won the title in
just a few seconds his fights are brawls
he's got a chin on he can take hits if
you look at his earlier fights he's far
more conservative he's far more
technical but it's less exciting this
Conor McGregor is a different guy he's a
guy the things that you can't knock him
out and he takes shots and he's not even
just taking shots in his division he's
going up to a higher division now
normally fights at 145 he's going up to
155 fight Rafael dos Anjos like this is
crazy he got really messed up that said
the idea being that he was maybe one of
the best because he didn't get hit like
Mayweather and that otherwise obviously
tree is gonna do whatever tre is gonna
do with sports or his hobbies so very
non aggressively pointing towards
baseball and soccer
aka football called it soccer there
because I also don't wanted to play
football and if I was one my favorite
things to watch but that's another way
to watch people just get messed up and
guys that's gonna be it for this Q&A if
you have some more questions you think
for the next Q&A video or maybe I'll
mention it in the next one leave them in
the comments down below what is your
dream job is it a play on a professional
sports team design stuff be an engineer
do whatever teach anything and
everything let me know in the comments
down below I'm generally interested said
generally when I meant genuinely I'm too
tired now main point I love your faces
and have a great fucking day
