you know let's see I'm gonna do ones oh
look you think for a can be Loula so
hopefully that's not everyone's reaction
beautiful people Before we jump into all
the crazy I want to thank the sponsor of
today's episode Full Sail edu slash
blogging if you're interested in getting
campus and online degrees and fields
related to entertainment media things
like game design mobile app development
film go turn your passion into a career
at Full Sail about edu slash vlog II I
mean this is a sponsor I love and trust
so much that there are a ton of people
that work here that actually have Full
Sail degrees that said let's jump into
this so today I found out that
McDonald's uh since they dropped their
wings because apparently people didn't
like them they're actually decent they
have now brought mozzarella sticks and
so we figured let's do an office taste
teske do you want it and you're gonna be
camera I'm gonna have you hold the
camera cuz I'm filming do you want to be
the first recipient boozy azov yes yeah
yes yes yeah it's like spongy got it all
I'm gonna get this one down
there we go how about this so this last
one I want you to put it in the
microwave
make it like hot like it almost just
came out and then see if there's a
difference
ah there you go
oh yeah yeah look oh it's like it's like
that one scene from that one move
oh that's awfully kind of better I was
hot doesn't have much taste to her but
is usually like the bad flavor so do
three at a time maybe and that way you
can heat them and then bring them to
people that way it's a fair test nothing
worse than cut like old mozzarella stick
if cheese brick so they do over
who you want that it looks like plastic
feels like a - James James gonna love it
you're gonna yeah you're gonna take a
whole box no not great at all no it gets
worse over time Jesus Christ spit-take
haven't had McDonald's in like five
years near your mouth put it in your
mouth put it in your mouth
Cheers there's literally no cheese in
that good shit good solid stuff
McDonald's no cheese but it's a stick
there no no
yeah not mad did you buy them no you
wanna yeah we got one we got one I
committed to not killing myself okay I
will give this mic I'm wanna smell dick
I haven't even touched my balance it's a
mozzarella stick do whatever you want
with that
oh I'm sure this do so fucking good
I can't I'm gonna though keep it in your
pocket I heard that it doesn't have that
like should we pull away that I like
yeah but if I was like drunk and I was
you know going through a drive-thru in
the middle of fucking night I would eat
it I'm concerned look at the fog in my
glasses what it smells like an Italian
fart I don't really like mozzarella
sticks
look let out call you from New York yep
no way do you
you're totally honest throughout that
bad it's taking me to UM a bag of chips
it feels like a feels like I'm eating
without your chips I got mozzarella a
fee yeah yeah it's like mozzarella
cheese stick flavoured potato chip
slaves they shouldn't make that yeah you
guys are really interrupting my watch
real time so I'm not even sorry I'm
sorry we'll leave
would you eat this incredibly drunk oh I
would even sober but that would but I'd
never pay for it how is that fair drunk
I might buy oh my god
eat what in queasy made me try this I
didn't make you do anything or cut you
out of this fucking vlog do it I feel
like you want to try it no just a little
bit I don't want to try I just like bad
frozen mozzarella sticks
I had worse yeah yeah mama oh they're
fine it's fine it's are you saying it's
safe to have it definitely take me a
picture close your eyes tell me where
you are mushy my God my parents kitchen
a toaster oven wait no is TGI Fridays
frozen mozzarella sticks I'm 16 it's
Saturday afternoon 3:00 p.m. I have
nowhere to go
what's that Oh a marathon of million
dollars in this thing on the Bravo
am i that ward yes yes I am
Oh God okay hot you know what it feels
like a mozzarella stick
really it's beautiful thank you say
something else feels like a baby toe
fried baby toe deep-fried baby's dick I
would rather eat a pair of Crocs can we
get a close-up of what is this my feet
wet before didn't even stick them down
my pants yeah I did yeah
yeah I really thought it would be like
everyone would hate him mmm but it's
like they're generally oh this would
it's just as fried cheese you really
can't go wrong I'm gonna probably come
on so much that's a happy birthday thank
you
where's Sam you got a secret event right
now okay fuck is that mozzarella stick
John saw you tonight is in the
mozzarella stick game yeah oh it is
through they are now there's nothing
exceptional and see exactly they're just
regular multiple sticks I expect more
from me I really do I just say you get
more from that yeah paint a picture tell
me what you see
All Right see them losing money on their
you mozzarella stick camping another one
can you do a cup mozzarella mozzarella
we're gonna find out good yeah watch
roasted I forgot to set the shit from
what happen to love it looks like a
really dry um really just a bad
mozzarella so it's not a yum-yum no oh
this is not a use the purse first no yum
yum
don't get me wrong I'm going to eat two
this is the second one that I've had but
it's not a young girl prefer thank you
guys smooth
