so in philip defranco show we we made
this product
dr. de Franco's herbal keep you skinny
tea remember one tea bag after every
meal cuz it's not believe me if it comes
out your butt and remember if you'd like
to order it call us at this number right
here 24 hours only and 10% off you sing
our jingle oh joy more than boom Casa de
uyuni - Lucia cries out and then ever we
put on screen led to a Google voicemail
number and I kind of just want to see
what people would say just not prompting
them really to do anything other than
maybe sing the jingle so let's see hello
my girlfriend would like teabag a philip
defranco teabag yes she would like
Philip DeFranco at the Gipper a tea bag
good day the funny thing is that guy
doesn't realize it's already happened no
you dirty DeFranco dirty dirtiness hello
someone that doesn't understand how boys
know works good MA Oh can you do the
message that's weird
hi hi here we go let's see it's gonna be
a jingle that scary it's hi boss there
may not be really high right now feel
the good dinner don't get more than four
cups a day or you may not actually sit
your baby cries OH
that's my least favorite internet thing
people would say dad or daddy apparently
I can answer calls to in google hands
they you for calling doctor to Franco's
keep skinny T how can I help you better
than he yes okay great great great um
what package are you gonna would you
like oh okay so we have our one month
out one second I have to hang up I don't
ever had I don't had a nap I'm nervous
oh oh oh there wasn't so much money
hold on a sec I don't know who that is
do you have a PayPal account oh no my
mom we didn't gather month-on-month
that appears today Senate old my account
canceled I'm bored listen set up your
PayPal account
and I'll sit on fifty bucks for a
picture of your feet how does that sound
if you give me you give me your number I
do that I'll set out to text yeah you
got a pen okay here's my number you go
you got a pen sure all right number all
right right you ready to write down no
give me a figure four hello
alright can you yeah who's this you know
me video yes
oh look like you are you yeah well
what's your order man cuz we got a lot
coming through phone oh yeah Q by P no
no this is through that this is through
Philly nice thing you got it you got the
thing
what do you bought yeah perfect alright
so what's your order real quick cuz we
got a lot coming through man look what
what do you buy food yeah yeah yeah
right real quick what kind of what what
do you want well I don't know right
right right
what I am you know okay you got a drink
what you want you hungry or what is this
come on man I have time for this no yeah
yeah I don't know what when we went to
buy yeah right no I can order you just
needed tell me what
yeah well look you got your menu in
front of you or what no I don't you
weren't ready for this one
listen here's what you're gonna do I
want you to sing a song to me all right
and then I'm gonna give you 13 bagels
all right 13 bagels yeah yeah all right
with you when we start seeing right now
to the superheroes yeah yeah mm-hmm good
keep going there's another verse or what
no it's like the song that's not enough
oh that's not enough you want these
bagels or what
all right so yeah stroke for you little
all right Oh Steve fucka Craig availa I
have doing range
yeah there's it but is it Rob oh is this
Jonathan you where to throw down with
the four things right
yeah get it ready groaning right
rounding general remedy your credit yeah
yeah lizards here unbuttered all right
okay right now gonna chew pen
Shh good night pshh Shh
Byron is right and then what what do you
wanna do for the magic slippers no shit
huh we all roll down right that's
inappropriate and rent yeah
oh yeah yeah yeah spelling you know
spell it they do it spell it yeah
spell it spell that why yeah no no no no
no no no there's a couple more letters
in there man go ahead spell it yeah that
one sounds good I Spy that one yeah no
no no you're saying I needed to spell it
spell it Oh Oh pizza Peter you need a
slower he I know Pizza Pizza Pizza Pizza
Pizza Pizza Pizza bitch oh Pizza Pizza
Pizza Pizza Pizza Pizza Pizza Pizza
Pizza Pizza Pizza Pizza
