I'm not that desperate but you know like
I'm gonna get there I like to be spanked
oh my hot me bang bang another one a
very bang are you I know you love me
bang true corn but one poor being true
bang true know we're in that restaurant
recently
oh no no ways on Empire boom boom boom
boom
ya know everyone knows I used other
words in your face I always have songs
when I do this noise yes songs I like it
you can its cheerleader gonna come up
let think the found myself a cheerleader
you're still gonna sing it out of tune
yeah yeah I'm not gonna do you I could
even think of anything like a bangin
like fuckin I'm not that desperate but
you know like I'm gonna get there I like
to be spanked
oh my no I don't know no I've always got
corner on my mind so wrong answers here
bang bang clean up that room that's what
Joe Bereta I could used to say to us all
the time Mary Jean oh my pot that's
wheat wheat marijuana fun wait
Parker Watson oh good a movie yeah
car lock on damn fuckin loser I love
Mary Jane Watson
Mary Jane park weed oh sure you're
facing Tiger you just hit the jackpot
first thing she said 1969 Mary Jane away
wasn't 69 maybe not but that's the first
thing she ever said to Peter Parker just
so you know wait oh I thought you were
doing some kind of lyric or something no
no no Mary Jane the first thing she said
to hit to Peter Parker was face the
tiger you just hit the jackpot
we have had sex
you
I was thinking from spider-mans I was
thinking a weave mary j blige Mary Jane
blige that's her name was cannabis
cannabis it says that that fucking plant
let it go
doesn't make any sense my ATD meds are
wearing off I don't know what's
happening damn booty Oh mother you a
Mary Jane no we just mean us cuz we had
that knowledge but like I'm so up had
say it's no more sex yeah I'll tell you
more about spider-man did you say Mary
Jo Mary Jane damn it you can't we are
said blush yeah married a blush Mary
Jane glides whatever she's a goddess
that's all I know
yeah now I'm just thinking about weed
now I'm thinking about marriage a there
you go wedding bells planner so can't
idea bad idea
yeah a real bad idea man a bad idea you
don't have to you can't in you want but
you've been drunk no you have no no one
wrong person asked about that but no
being drunk at a wedding eating a lot of
foods great I better than oh it's
fantastic planning Muppets Muppets Take
Manhattan Mary there's a very wedding I
was in this fucking wedding that's why
as I associate Phil it's married fucking
haircut goddamn fuck Yugi because III
hurry this is dangerous
this is fucking dangerous because I know
how you fucking at it and I'm scared you
say strippers is it stingers
wedding singer singers wedding strippers
I think I'm up that should be on table
top I think there should be Miss Piggy
on table talking weddings actually
weddings themselves are awesome I will
go to anybody's wedding even poor people
have good weddings because they use all
of their poor okay when all your poor
money comes together you can make an
okay wedding poor money yeah even though
we're about
because they're trying to be their best
mm-hmm that's real depressing yeah not
in this important way
