so this morning I woke up at 3 o'clock
in the morning which made me very angry
because I mean I got it like 4 hours of
sleep and that's not a good amount of
sleep but I've been used to worse I also
realized like I don't have to go to
school I don't have to go to a job where
I have a boss breathing over me I have I
technically have a boss I talked to them
once a month and then they're like you
didn't you didn't murder anybody right
and I'm like I don't think so and
they're like great keep it up and then
and then I'm just back to being me but a
big thing is if you do have to deal with
that school or you do have to deal with
that boss keep it up it may suck but as
long as you have a light at the end of
the tunnel or you're even thinking about
a light at the end of the tunnel there
is escape not not of sweet sweet death
but like of success right because the
beauty the beauty of success is you can
fail as many times as necessary until
you get it then of course is that whole
holding on to a thing but that's just
that's a rich people problem stop wayna
already you want this oh wow you are a
beautiful beautiful girl I don't care
what anyone says just thank you so much
oh I'm sorry did somebody just another
pizza I'm so gonna be sorry happy noises
what you know I haven't tricked you in
what way
oh this isn't a trick this is delicious
thank you wait are you sure you got what
you wanted
Steve you don't need any bad food
anymore do you
well my name's Dylan oh shit son
we got here I don't know it's a little
all over there's like gummy pizza
what picnic did you ever go to that had
raisins I don't know
you know raisins are like so bad for you
what yeah we need a bad for you uh so
much sugar too much sugar
yeah fact I heard someone on the
internet say it once that pretty sure
that's the problem with the internet
what's the problem with you so many more
problems though but like one of the
problems of the Internet is that like
somebody can say something like that and
it can absolutely be a lie and but like
someone would just say it to their
friend and be like dude I heard on the
internet it's fucking true and then that
goes around as truth and then that's how
bad shit gets spread some of this is
terrifying Parma violence do what it
seems like it's an off-brand of an
off-brand
Palmer violence oh my god if you eat
three of those you pee green for like
two weeks
wait wait wait if that wasn't enough to
get you excited it is delicately
perfumed violent sweets yeah no I I try
it taste it now you have to you have to
eat it up all right I'll try I was
checking out this gummy pizza the gummy
pizza is probably not that bad but it
looks really gross all right here I go
I'm going for a fucking Oh watch it be
amazing oh no there you go now we get to
call the video the Parma violets
challenge you guys wanna do the Parma
violets allenge you just have to buy
some like weird Arabian candy I just put
it put it on your tongue just do it wait
here just put it on your tongue this is
how most people try ass and just put out
him tongue bro you shouldn't put any
tongue all right what is it so far
that's not bad
and it's a Charlie I'm gonna crunch it
yeah it's real chalky but I'm gonna
crunch it there we go
no this looks like this looks like yeah
it looks like a bunch of off-brand stuff
hey have you ever had Nutella you want
some fruit Ella yes yes of course I do
ooh Cadbury egg do you think that I
can't hit Sam from here oh that's so
close did I did I hit you wait delicious
candy yes success
it's a Cadbury egg it's right in front
of you I thought maybe you want some
candy but you had your headphones okay
Parma violets I'm gonna try the Cadbury
egg oh come on of course scaring one
really really yeah what was it like to
not have a childhood sample it was
really cool I did taxes Oh usually go
for half but sure I know it's got stuff
in the middle most likely toys and food
yeah boy Sears is good Oh swizzles
swizzles is a fucking nightmare company
swizzles right now so first the first
article that pops up it's like swizzles
has been not they closed down two years
ago after they accidentally killed 70
children with Isis they have terms of
endearment on them love blue eyes
don't cry Oh cry
bullshit I want there to be an
exclamation mark like Jo cry there's
really one that says don't one of them
says trust me trust me
don't cry blue eyes I just trust me this
is yeah this is the rapist can wait were
you saving it for the meeting
it's called Oh Parma violets they're the
best yes
hold up there you know don't try Parma
violets try giant bear marks with such
romantic phrases as uh kiss me don't cry
and trust me
guys there's one in here that was not on
the list
it says bye-bye
Oh
