baki wrong selfie beautiful bastards
we're back with nothing
would you rather don't go fuck yourself
that was just for me what was that
that's how I start Lee that's how I was
gonna start just me yelling at you so
we're gonna be play it would you rather
don't even say Rafi at this point
it says the bitches look at the text
it's under his face now it's above his
face all right so would you rather be
stuck in an aquarium with a great white
shark or be stuck in a room where the
floor is covered in a layer of spiders
I'm not a fan of spiders okay but the
start thing your data video like I've
seen deep Lucy that's your that's your
knowledge about sharks is deep blue sky
no benchmark spyler did you watch that
movie do remember it yes do you remember
the end credits the song that LL Cool J
raps of the round no I read I worked in
the theater at the time when when that
movie came out and it goes oh oh my head
is like a shark's fan
that's not a brag that's about that's
nothing you brag about they were like he
was just like he was like I have this
song it's pretty much done
how do I make it shark-related but you
think you wrote that song outside of the
movie that was like yeah I see I agree
with the home-field advantage I feel
like also unless it's like Australian
spiders those sons-of-bitches looks
terrifying
don't let her once by ooh you're in the
minority here we go
would you rather control your dreams or
watch them the next day I feel like yeah
but it would also be like it would be
extremely weird because there are there
are moments when you are remembering
where you're like made no sense I was on
I was on a mote and all of a sudden I
was in a building my dreams if I can't
control it
there's always a point where I'm about
to die my dreams are just the cynical as
I am in real life
and I'm about to die and I just close my
eyes and I'm like don't be real and then
I just wake up in a panic at 3 o'clock
yes so you would say watching watch that
yeah it'd be awesome as long as I'm the
only person that sees it I think that's
the thing like that my dreams are not a
shareable situation oh wow
these people this comment this way just
say it one can be trained the other is
impossible and the response is yeah
there we go
would you rather be in for the infertile
or have a child that passed away before
the age of 5 be it fertile oh yeah
it's still under 70 than 1000 people I
want to experience joy and then the most
amount of pain humanly possible and then
the number one thing I would refer to
the experience of the joy of being a
parent over not being up no no your
that's a crazy person okay this is also
I I love my son I love my marriage I am
also at times a little bit jealous of
what I've come to know as Dinks which is
which is double income no children okay
right this is the horror I live with at
all times I woke up at one o'clock in
the morning cuz I was worried that
possibly the blanket I put on my kid was
too thick and it would suffocate him
like that's just its fear for the rest
of my life my parents said it to me yeah
he was when he was born had a little
thing that would inhale too you know
what I mean just yeah
it's an irrational fear that this tiny
little human being you're in control of
is going to perish we had what we
thought was the best but turned out also
me the worst thing ever where I was
under the blanket or under the mattress
you could put this thing that it could
tell you if your kids stopped breathing
yeah and it would just sometimes just go
off just sometimes they're just like
that's not a thing you can have a full
soul no and we were just like nah fuck
it way we can't we can't have it because
all of a sudden he'd kind of shifted and
it doesn't cover the full by the way and
then he just like would you rather stop
using YouTube or stop using Facebook
this is this is like a deep question for
me because I don't want you because I
started on YouTube but I have a lot more
fun these days on Facebook even though
it's kind of a bitch medium
kind of fun though I enjoy yeah and I
mean it's weird because I'm also at a
point where more people now watch me on
Facebook on YouTube right that blows my
damn minds because well my thought is on
faith on YouTube anonymous people call
me gay people so that's the different
we're thinking YouTube as in oh your own
content but like that's where we watch
everything but consuming yeah but you
know what
I guess I'm gonna have to go with
Facebook cuz everyone on Facebook steal
shit from YouTube so I'll still be able
to get it exactly Thank You freebooting
wait stop using YouTube oh wow that's
crazy that's how we're gonna end this
video we're gonna stop using YouTube and
thank you for watching if you want to
check out more of Rob ba text again it's
just it should just stem from where like
your dick start
oh no they're like nope not do with that
it's just it just gonna be a picture of
Jameses like giving us the bird but
thanks for watching if you liked it
again give it that like love comments
all the good stuff and maybe we'll do a
part two we're gonna do a part two we're
literally gonna film it right now five I
love your faces
