La Bella is that how you fuckin enter a
door down I make karate
Wow how horrible do I look right now
you're looking great
till the hairs gonna shirts good the
skin looks moisturized you're good to go
yeah the more specific your compliments
get the more I feel like they're mean
so Phil uh do you know what today is
okay yeah that's a great day today Phil
we're doing multiple celebrations today
MLK Day we're also doing that day in
that city it's kind of shitty who the
balls to make another national holiday
on MLK Day yeah I don't know I feel kind
of weird I'm just acknowledging that
some asshole thought it was a good idea
to make head day I've even our hat day
is Bill Joe give the what's the segue
here Martin Luther King is known for his
equal rights movement so I decided today
to incorporate both hat day and MLK Day
pulled a bunch of MLK facts
everyone's gonna pick facts out of the
Hat and we're gonna play a little trivia
Phil that's the incorporation that's the
incorporation here Phil pick out the Hat
I have your name on one of them so weird
that a specific one just hand to me but
you put in the Hat darkness cannot drive
out darkness only light can do that
blink cannot drive out blink
only love can do that is I mean if yet
ends it with love it has to be hate
cannot drive out hate right you're
correct
yes light darkness Hey look do you love
Phil I love by also hate I think hey you
can drive that a little hey it doesn't
solve all the world's problems with the
world is very complicated
love that quote though pill do you want
to wear the hat real quick the prom oh
this is this is very tight you have a
big head yeah any time we've sold hats
Oh God is going to merge holidays okay I
don't feel comfortable doing this why
don't you go comfortable doing with me
Joe
well here's the thing is that we're
watching this hat then I have to figure
out a way to incorporate it I could
mixing with national that day no I don't
mean to do it film it we're just that
day god damn it don't they have sales on
MLK Day you don't car dealerships and
all that shit like I don't think they'll
do research they do
really what to be fair yeah there aren't
there are there's something there's
something weird about that it's like why
why maybe allows you to get 75 percent
off the epic clearance event yeah
uncomfortable you are this is the first
time I think I felt like really
uncomfortable damn it Phil but maybe
there's some irony in it you know we're
making fun of the people that take
actually take advantage of it I think
you went so hard on the irony became a
hypocrite hello so we're playing a game
today I love it because it's had day in
MLK Day so we're doing MLK facts ok in
1958 MLK was hospitalized for a protest
beef being stabbed by a letter opener or
C that's incorrect really see it's B
it's B yeah he was stabbed with a letter
opener oh that would not be fun oh as
your punishment you have to eat one of
these gum use that a fan sent oh no no
is it going good play a little game what
looking to learn about him in high
school
let us dream of tomorrow where we can
truly love from the soul and no love as
the ultimate truth at the heart of all
creation options are a Martin Luther
King jr. be a Michael Jackson or see
Oprah Winfrey this feels like it's
coming from like the warmth of a woman
that's incorrect
damn it Martin Luther King no it's
actually like Michael Jackson quote
crazy right that's your punishment be up
at the hall it's a licorice with just
salt on it I mean it's not it's not the
worst thing has been in my mouth aside
from the USA MLK Day is celebrated in
Toronto Canada and Blanc who I don't
know this is exciting
a Hiroshima Japan B London England C
Lagos Nigeria I jumped to England that's
another kind of english-speaking country
but
I don't need Japan and then I'm like
Nigeria I got London England you're
incorrect it's a a Hiroshima Japan I did
not know that interesting fact as your
punishment you get to who said nothing
in the world is more dangerous than
sincere ignorance and conscientious
stupidity no who said that Martin Luther
King Will Smith
or Jim Carrey I'm gonna go with him okay
am i right because I actually did not
even consider the other two you're
correct
okay it would have been very
embarrassing since I am the only black
employee since you won you have the
choice you want to try these delicious
treats hey they're delicious
Oh God King's birthday and was not
Martin
it was a Marshall B Michael see Marcus
Marshall Mathers is Eminem Michael
Jackson is famous Marcus
however maybe it's Marcus I'm gonna go
with Marcus that's incorrect
Mike yeah Michael you know why don't you
look it up she was born Michael King on
January 15th and a few years later his
father also Michael King changed his
name to Martin Luther King senior in
honor of the great Protestant reformer
and his son's name was also changed to
Martin Luther King jr. interesting
stuffs never knew that Michael Luther
King it doesn't have the same ring to it
Michael King that school named Michael
King sounds good Michael Luther King
hard to get out the mouth I showed you
these I know that the Swedes use us to
punish children I don't want to be
punished show at 12 years old what did
Martin Luther King jr. do after hearing
about the death of his grandmother a ran
away from home for two days be dropped
out of school C jumped out of a
second-story window
hey incorrect it's actually see no way
really yeah yeah licorice MLK was on the
cover of blank magazine in 1957 I won't
even give you the ABCs oh good Time
magazine is February 18th oh damn you
know what's up all right that's correct
I know I do know that that's stupid he's
a research for that's why I started to
eat as a reward this is bullshit
you know Warren saliva it doesn't really
sell to you that really wasn't that bad
it is like an old stale marshmallow
who said courage is not the absence of
fear courage is the ability to act
effectively in spite of fear my options
are Tony Robbins and mr. King jr. oh so
what do you think is actually Donald
Trump will do one at a time Martin
Luther King jr. is the only non
president to have a national holiday in
his honor true or false I mean that's
false Rebbe of coolness I would say
that's false it's actually true dad
mother the website I got it from is
wrong King is the only non president to
have a national holiday in his name and
the only non president was a memorial on
the National Mall in Washington DC
shit oh no I say you got to eat one of
them all right all right
Martin Luther King jr. entered Morehouse
College in 1944 at the age over a 15 be
19 and see 23 i'ma go with B that he had
a gap year before going to college
you're wrong he was 15 years old he went
in that early dude he was a genius
no boys wanna do one more all right
there are more than blank streets named
after Martin Luther King jr. 100 400 700
I will say I know a lot of streets named
Martin Luther King jr. and almost like
every city there is one in my hometown I
passed one here it's probably 700 you
know question what kind of streets do
you think it is because for me it's
always been a boulevard Avenue works for
like road doesn't work circle obviously
doesn't work lanes stupid final answer
700 it's it's got to be that's correct
no well MLK Day and Hat day were success
it was glad for both it was good we
learned about em ok
got some good facts in there's
educational vlog here though I think I
think I like the direction we went so
yeah it was fun having not seen any of
it yet I say good so yeah yeah yeah I
told him about the Hat yeah we launched
the Hat today Phil is this what it Oh
Tristan thank you well it's a
celebration then so it's a celebration
no birthday on MLK Day yeah one of those
is far more important than the other but
it doesn't mean that another things not
happening at the say is that though the
angle you're going for is so weird
one week Phil they're only available for
one week so that's the best I we're
doing it well how weird you're being I'm
horrified to watch it yeah I think we're
good well I think we're good ok oh yeah
that is that it I have to go pick up my
child that's fine you're free to go now
