so this is like my first time to sit
down actually go through any of the mail
that came in while I was gone on
vacation so today we're gonna do a mail
video if you want to send some stuff in
the future for future banal openings
Jared dang it's cool rag 3r understand
we Leakey sure this is from Kyle's
kinetics absolutely love making these
desk toys an executive or oh the balance
thing every piece and part was bent cut
shaped welded and polished by hand oh
well we have a bunch of cool stuff on
your site Thank You Kyle actually before
we move on after I have to call out
James being an asshole I'm gonna remind
me to say this again when James gets
back James saw this and he's like that's
not that cool that's like that's like
with the woodpecker thing is though you
know the one that hits the water it's
very James thing to say it is a very
James thing it's like oh happiness is
stupid okay we have no names from Dahlia
I've been watching you since I was 12
I'm 20 now you've literally grown up
with me this is a gift for Trey the
children's book by a local author also I
made that sticker that's awesome thank
you also side note Trey's new favorite
thing is stickers I need to keep him
caught on a plane I just buy a sticker
book and then he just puts them all over
himself and then me and then good Thank
You Dalia this is from Chris and Webb
but so one this person is a Bama
supporter hence this roll tide roll
I hope the clothes fit well the good
thing is Trey's always growing so
eventually it will plus half of the
family are huge Bama fans and I'm gonna
get into all that craziness again like
literally we will get a phone call at
midnight because a family member will
have seen that someone gave Trey a War
Eagle Jersey and there's a wired World
War II were knows College I saw him in
Michigan know it he's a baby isn't gonna
shit about college football also can you
please make more posters sue and my dorm
room needs more awesome HP does still
sell posters they're not the same ones
that we used to I I do want to do it
again I got I got to figure out a better
way to do it
this is amazing
there's no note there's no name on this
yeah they're like this these are called
handerpants their underwear for your
hands it's the thing I love the uses for
them they're great if you're a cooking
can doing construction a supermodel
cruising elderly or of course the very
hard task of night vlogging I kind of
want to wear these to the gym thank you
anonymous oh no this is listed as sweets
what up you know it's like it's like if
you randomly if a car is driving and you
stop in front of it you weren't
impressed by that that that balancing
thing oh wow why do you hate like you
know how much how much work probably
went into that by making it by hand see
this from Paul I love the way you talk
your mind sent you one of my t-shirts
for my youtube channel
James chocolates are for one and
everyone in the office oh man you don't
know how much I want these you don't
know how fucking much let's see thank
you for the candy that I'm gonna give to
everyone else I am NOT gonna eat any of
this but actually I know that I've been
talking about like the way that I've
been eating and I've been eating great
but I am giving myself one day and I am
going to murder these with my mouth
that's my favorite way of expressing
this consume pastors who even introduced
Tim Tams to my world and it's just it's
ruined it and phony since the
Mountainview days uh if you don't drink
Diet Mountain Dew fuck you know oh my
god can we just let those videos down
thank you for watching so it's that so
one Robert thank you for the love I love
you back to ask questions so what do you
do when you find yourself feeling
overwhelmed sometimes I just gotta kind
of let it sink in and just be in that
moment because there's a lot of things
that I'll just I'll turn and run away
compat sometimes I just need to let
myself be overwhelmed because sometimes
it's gonna lead to me just needing to
scream or run or I feel like sometimes
you just need to like cry it out just
like literally if I haven't cried a long
time for some reason my trigger is Pixar
movies just get it out cuz we're all
messed up up there so we just need to
get it out in some way that and talking
to someone about it and I don't mean
that in a bullshit way like I have I
have a family friend and that guy is
about to be a dad in a few months and I
underestimated how stressed out he was
because he's always had his family to
give him money and he's always had the
like a parachute to save him from any
any bad thing in life and and there was
always a safety net and and then all of
a sudden in front of me this guy starts
crying because he's overwhelming he
doesn't know if he's gonna be a good dad
or if he's gonna fuck it up or what's
gonna happen and he's having this
conversation with me I'm like 3 o'clock
in the morning he's drunk he's just
freaking the fuck out and in that moment
I yelled at him I'm not gonna yell at
you this situation is different because
he was saying like he was he was worried
about how how he was gonna be able to
handle life and take care of his wife
and I just screamed you're having this
conversation with me at 3 o'clock in the
morning when your pregnant wife is at
home by herself you start there and then
I was at that moment that I realized I
wasn't really angry at him I felt bad
for him because even though I have I've
had to fight for and work for everything
in my life I've always somehow ended up
having a good small friend circle I care
about them and they care about me a guy
who had friends but some of them were
married but they were so they're so far
away from even wanting to be dead so I'm
a bit of advice there would be just to
get it out with with with a friend or
through through action that is healthy
hopefully those words have some meaning
for you no Robert sent us something we
have these during training events and in
deployed areas so I saved up a few to
send over to you menu 7 brisket entree
graven with gravy with seasoned beef
brisket chicken pesto pasta that's
probably
during one of our next lunches we'll do
a taste test of those this is from Sara
at CW ss3 the paint project this is from
Sarah Jane a non stop studying med
student I started making these for
myself and now I sell them on Etsy these
are badass thank you for setting these
I'm gonna put a few of these I think on
my laptop Sara didn't include your Etsy
page you want to pimp you out also it
turns out Sara Jane isn't that that
unique of a name even on Etsy I can't
find you but either way thank you so
much for sending me this yes there we go
I found it okay link Lincoln here she
sells shirts and these this one looks
like it's from wow this is actually
extremely nice letter while I was there
watching you and the guys at SourceFed
SourceFed nerd super panic frenzy I
don't maintain a sense of normality for
me and several other fans of yours who
are deployed with me you guys helped us
de-stress stay grounded and therefore
focused on the mission it's also
beneficial to unit cohesion and morale
your captain that's the most manly shit
ever
also not to cut off your very lovely
letter I'm gonna take this as a way that
I have personally in some way combat it
ISIL that's not accurate so I just
realized for security reasons I'm not
allowed to say his name so now it's a
captain believably captain bleep bleep
said that in the RCAF we have a
tradition of presenting special coins to
honor exemplary work or achievements
which deserve to be recognized we don't
necessarily warrant a formal
commendation or medals we gave us one
this is badass I know that I should
probably like put this on a wall I think
I'm just gonna hold on to this Thank You
captain please leave also thank you to
all the amazing people that nation that
are deployed or have been deployed or
just generally do scarier badass things
that I personally have never done but
guys it's gonna be it for this male
opening video thank you for for sending
me the letters the stuff the things if
you want to send stuff for future videos
send it here feel good about this when
you got like a life lesson in there I
have underwear for my hands for some
reason nothing sexual happened to James
so that's gonna be it I guess the main
point here I love your faces and have a
great fucking day
