I can't tell cuz you've the way you look
has changed so much can you tell me if
this is you remember will as he is right
now let's look at well before he was
tainted by what the Internet has done to
him is that you that that's for real you
yeah that doesn't look like you anymore
youth organizer and they covered me on a
website for real yeah this is my bowtie
days oh shit I mean now I'm gonna start
days but I used to be a bowtie dude
always the sweaters have always been a
thing I was like freaking out I'm like
trying to match the teeth so you can't
use the wrong picture total okay time to
get me an eclipse
oh I'd feel so much better oh I can feel
air and wind around my head uh-huh I
feel like a human person again now to do
either I'm either gonna go to the gym or
I'm gonna get a massage one of the tails
both will make me feel good in a
different way I don't just really fast I
don't mean like dirty massage I mean I
mean like my muscles anyway my okay also
as far as what I'm doing now I I got a
little time to myself it's raining in LA
which means that when everyone gets off
work at 4:30 it's gonna be it's that guy
from that thing I'll do that hey I think
you're gonna just say that YouTube guy I
appreciate that
oh it's a use to
and this guy have a go on that's like
literally the leap my least favorite
thing that people say it's like dude I
used to watch you and I'm like die die
even though we were friends once Wow
so I just gotta enjoy I enjoyed it it's
a good movie it's one of those movies
you could definitely go see at a matinee
you know babe but I think what I was
trying to say before it went in the
movie if I can remember is stuff like
this is important to me to be alone like
there are people around me but I'm
getting to enjoy a movie and not be
around oh I was I was around people
non-stop whether it be the of a vacation
or whether it be being at work except
really when I Drive though that's the
only time I have a moment to think
that's all so sorry my ATV kicked and I
got distracted by that gorgeous tree
also a reason I'm having a hard time
doing this video is I'm freezing and
you're gonna meet people in SoCal are
they gonna be the only people that
understand me but it's it's 45 degrees
and it's rainy and it's different and I
know that that shouldn't be super cold
for me I'm originally from New York and
that's like you experienced some really
cold winters my body
ittsan used to cross now that I'm not
shivering anymore is that for me it's a
lot about balance it's it's I point to
my life I've been really really lonely
and crave just to be around people to be
part of something and then there are
times like now where I'm constantly
surrounded by people to the point that I
don't feel connected as much as I I feel
smothered and to just take away that
that feeling the negative feeling of
whatever that good connection normally
is sometimes it's good to just separate
sometimes that's all that's really
necessary and and being comfortable by
yourself I've found in life is far more
important than being comfortable around
people because by being comfortable by
yourself that actually gives you the
ability to grow but if you need people
then I feel like that's because you're
not you don't see yourself as a full
person yet
you know I'm saying no I'm saying gah
Maine and I'm sharing this just to get
the voices out of my head but also
because when I was growing up I didn't
have these random sources of people just
vomiting out the works and their brain
to make me feel like you know I someone
went through something that was similar
to this but maybe it'll make you feel
less lonely if you're feeling that
lonely or maybe it'll make you feel okay
with separating yourself so you don't
feel like a big weirdo but that's that I
love you faces and I hope you have a
great fucking what you sleepy train this
is gonna get you ready for a
relationship you're a little psycho he's
trying to take the throne early Lindsey
Oh
