well why bro come on man what oh wait I
just wanna I wanna I want to just let's
let's remember we'll as he is right now
and then let's look at will before he
was tainted by what the Internet has
done to him I'm a Pokemon I like to see
myself as a Pokemon and like you know
sometimes I'm Charmander sometimes
Charmeleon sometimes in charge I think
happen right now I'm magmar oh we're
back we're back in the studio it's been
two weeks since I have stepped foot
actually Wow it's been longer than two
weeks since I entered the studio i pre
filmed so much the end of the year
videos so many of the would you rather
videos and the other stuff but I'm back
it's a person talking to a camera not
fully in real time but you know while
it's still sharing on Twitter Instagram
Facebook I'm miss talking to you guys
I'm gonna treat this video like it's the
base it's the base of my new year it's
the base of Miri entering the real world
I'm not a big believer a new year new me
I don't think that you changing yourself
for the better should be based on time
but I just spent a week with Lindsey's
family for Christmas and then I took my
family and part of her family on a
cruise it's my first day back in the
real world have been eating and drinking
like I thought that I was going to die
on January 4th I weighed myself this way
I was 222 pounds that is 30 pounds more
than when I got married earlier last
year and it's annoying because I've gone
up and down I know how to lose the
weight I actually know how to keep the
weight off but I stress ate all that
kinda stressed me out let me eat cookies
which is then gonna make me sad and then
more stressed out and then repeat the
cycle and put that weight on because I
got back with my old girlfriend dairy I
love milk
I love cheeses that's also usually
paired with breads either the pizza or
cookie variety also I don't know if
anyone else is like this I'm like oh so
it is terrible but then I'm like oh
whisky yeah no give me soda as well
that's not bad for me that's just
delicious this year's gonna be a lot
about working on me but I had to just
get that out start off with it let's
just let it just sit out there and now
do something about it so I know about
you but I'm ready to kick some ass huh
huh
told us folders now make love to the
camera
see you tomorrow night we can have
dinner if you want oh that's sweet
stop ah Tom something embarrassing
burger dog
my dad's ugly and he knows it oh I hope
he sees me after those those videos
though the one of oh you talking your
mom and dad love that you said you got
over my dick uh hmm you know healthy
workplace conversation it's a key
thought you like super pump that you're
not editing 11 videos every day yes
that's nice you'll be able to go home
and maybe see the Sun for a second week
was rough good not only was I going
getting only but uh I was watching the
dog oh really
dude that's that's the that's the most
guilty I ever feel because Lindsay will
be gone and baby he'll be gone and I'm
like I can do whatever and then I
remembered my dogs have been home for
eight hours just chillin just waiting
wondering if I'm still alive not not
because they care they're just wondering
if they're gonna eat again or they're
gonna have to kill the other one
feeding shit a little bit here and there
clean it up NBD I guess that's what the
kids say that's what the kids say
hashtag NBD okay it's a new thing we
just we just made it up right here on
the spot never been said before no big
deal is this something you want to talk
about like what do you think happened
I get bored very easily now this is it
do you think this is a thing that like
you didn't choose you it's just
happening or you're like consciously
like try something different today I
literally do whatever I feel like
physically to myself like this is why
I'm that you have any regrets about some
of the choices you've made as far as
like these characters or these
characters always say some shit that I
don't say I think I should say I've been
saying some shit lately and I've been
like I need to shut the fuck up it's
getting dangerous he's getting Danger
Danger what is the what's one of the
more dangerous things we've said
recently the original version of the
white wall that we shot today I said
some shit that was a little bit racist
but then racist racist Abu to white
people but like at least you're moving
on to
different group I mean yeah I used to
only talk shit about black people but
now you okay white people to thank sorry
clue shit shit about your own kind yeah
it is oh you know it just sounds weird
when you say own kind because I feel
like well yeah but I feel like ilk I
feel like let's see the only time
someone says your own kind is there like
your kind is what's wrong that's the guy
no one says I like your kind will that
be racist if you went up to someone who
is clearly not a white person and you're
a white person and you say I like your
kind is that right I remember in high
school oh wait let's just ask that uh
star someone walks up to it says I I
like your kind your reaction that's a
microaggression but yeah but what if
they didn't mean it you know what if
they didn't mean it in Ain in it like a
nationality race way what if they're
like they like the kind of person oh I
thought I was I thought you meant like
graphic artists racist I like yeah
people have really big dicks it's still
racist Oh most of them it's just why
won't you let black people have that
with most of them there's like you know
in your family they'll be the one guy
you'd be like oh that's small peepee boy
no I am sloppy small pipian that's the
next Pokemon well peeping oh yeah Star
Wars
oh yeah he got cut from the final cut he
was in that bar scene smell pee pee and
he was playing the bass yeah see pretty
happy with his life so like I was saying
first day success it's now the next
morning it was very low-energy for me I
did it was like I filmed out that thing
I shot out the show I was on a table
talk and the rest of the day was just me
making myself not eat any sweets or
anything that had dairy or it was bread
and I feel good one day one day it's a
first step just push one small step for
man one well it still small step for
Philip DeFranco because it's litter it's
one day it's one day over the 30-year
life but that's how a lot of good things
start so I'm gonna make myself some
breakfast here and while I do that I'm
going to answer some
questions you guys asked me on Twitter
life tends to get boring and full of
routine how do you keep yourself from
falling into routines Gloria I actually
I'm a fan of routine whenever I go on
vacation I enjoy it I'm in the moment I
love being around the people I'm around
within reason but I crave work because
my work is creation my work started out
as a hobby it's something I still love
so I actually do enjoy waking up early
before everyone else is up and getting
to the office and getting a head start
because that makes me feel worth
something that makes me feel like I'm
creating something and that I care about
what I'm doing so I love the routine
that said mixing it up every now and
then that's cool that's fun right that's
like that's like oh I'm gonna do this
this different thing but in general I
love routine like the idea of
unemployment is terrifying to me to to
wake up and not feel like you have a
purpose that has to be terrifying at
least when I was in school I had so much
sport but I also had a job and if
anything I was stressed out because
there was so much but to not have
anything that's that's terrifying to me
like when I go on vacations I have to do
things so there's like a day of just
turning off relaxing maybe reading a
book but I have to do something routine
gives you a base so imagine that you're
making a cake you have a base of a cake
and then also do some really cool random
shit when does being famous get annoying
and how do you stay humble so here's the
thing on a Justin Bieber Brad Pitt
blabbity blah level of Fame I've never
achieved that I will most likely never
achieve that and I don't think I
necessarily want that because that seems
like your life stops being your own
completely my level of Fame is I walk
around the airport and on a way to a
flight I get stopped between 1 and 12
times by 90% dudes that are my age or
just a little bit younger or sometimes a
little bit older and then every now and
then a 13 to 17 year old girl I love it
I was talking to another youtuber the
other day that was like I'm not a
youtuber um I'm a comedian and
I get that sense of thinking right
because sometimes people put the idea of
a youtuber beneath them but that's also
because there are sometimes some pretty
shitty youtubers I see myself as a
producer I see myself as a creator but
at the end of the day I'm also still a
youtuber I love the community the
community is still the biggest aspect
for me the reason I covered the news is
because it was interesting to me and
then all of a sudden people talked back
to me and there was an actual
conversation and so I get something from
that so doesn't get annoying no I've
been approached on days that I have no
energy whatsoever I'm hung over I do
whatever but I smile and I and I have a
conversation with someone because this
is a conversation that's been one way
for one to nine years that I've been
having with this person and for me to
not put forth the effort would in my
opinion be disrespectful there is there
is some bad parts of like when you go to
VidCon you can't meet everyone and so
you feel bad and some people actually
dislike you because you weren't able to
somehow make the time from like the
hundreds sometimes thousands of people
that are there so there's that but as
far as how you stay humble no matter
where you are in life remember that at
any point you could lose everything
YouTube could shut down 50% my audience
would go no I'm good no more videos
please someone close to me could die I
could die maybe I get really terribly
maimed nothing that's forever that's
really the only guarantee that we have
in life so embrace what you have respect
what you have and try to hold on to what
you have but also try and do something
good with it that's my opinion on that
side nope accidentally bought turkey
bacon not bad actually pretty good what
are your worst experiences with money
this is all over the place because I up
until I was around 23 24 money was the
devil I didn't have money growing up so
pretty much anyone that had money I
thought was evil an asshole a jerk there
was no way that person could be a good
person right so that that's a bad
experience in general when I was in
college there was just debt I just lived
and I bathed and I went to sleep and I
tucked my head under the covers of debt
it was everywhere to get into college
the state gave me a little help but I
had to get loan so boom dead I had to
pay with credit cards especially for
books boom debt I was working to try and
pay those off but also you know a pay
for the next semester
if some of that went away so I hated it
I mean even after I got it I died I
don't I don't like to talk about money a
ton when it's related to business yes
but I don't because I feel like there's
a part of society that's trained us to
think that it's it's bad to have money
and it's definitely it's a blue topic
because even let something like I I've
tried to help those around me family
members other people with with the money
that I have a crew I even share on video
when I paid the rest of my dad's
mortgage off it was good and that was
that was even a hard moment for me
because I wanted to to put something out
good into the world right I wanted
because I feel like so many kids they
want to be able to do something like
that for their parents so I felt like
okay while it could seem like hey look
at me I'm a great guy well it also the
main thing is that it could show someone
doing that and it would maybe help fuel
people that want to do that in the
future because people are able to do
that it's another example of it that's
not where the story ends there have been
other than instances where I've helped
people and then at some point later in
the future I've seen them spend an
extremely large amount of money on
something that is not important and it
drives me fucking batty now I don't say
anything directly to them because one of
the things I hated the most with my mom
growing up is she would do something
nice for me and then holds it over my
head for like as long as humanly
possible she's great now love you mom
but I don't say anything I want to grab
him and go you're doing the same thing
you did a bunch of stuff put you in a
bad place I helped you out there doing
the same things I don't because I love
those people and I want to try and
preserve the relationship and and people
have to in general make their own
mistakes you can you can warn everybody
but most people have to figure it out on
this own if there's any way that I could
sum this up and maybe turn into a life
lesson help yourself first because if
there's no you there's no helping others
up others when you can but don't let
others drag you down if you've scrambled
your way into a boat that has a bunch of
life preservers and you start throwing
life preservers out and then for some
reason that person stabs their life
preservers like yo you got anymore life
preservers yeah rethink that situation
anyway what the hell has been up with my
hair the entire video you think I'm
getting a haircut later but blog leaf
and that is gonna be it for this video
thank you for the questions of course in
the future if you wanna just
see what I'm doing or you want to add to
the conversation you can follow me on
Twitter Instagram Facebook I hope you
have a good one let's make 2016 our year
and a great fucking day
