so it is why did I add the sound effect
today starts pretty much the busiest
work schedule for myself
and the rest of the team you know school
II wait to the last second to study for
the test or work on the big project
you've had the entire semester to do
that's us this week so we have a bunch
of people coming through the editing
team is a working around the clock to
get I believe what it comes to around 20
videos done I'm filming out set videos
I'm working with the people to get
people in we're also having knockout our
yearly reviews on top of the already
existing work schedule of doing the
philip defranco show and all the other
videos that said what I've found is that
when it comes to videos unlike school
usually the product is actually weirder
and different and and thus is is kind of
sometimes better but that's also because
we're not having to do things like
special effects or craziness it's just
how weird and wacky we are and as long
as the energy level is consistent with
the level of weird we good
so that's sad let's make some breakfast
well if this video never goes up and I
die have a heart attack people watching
this video will know why James James
James James James James James or James
this is for you flipping me off in a
video that I didn't realize you flipped
me off I thought you made a face I
thought you made a face but you're a
terrible to blonds getting ready to
attack is that I was like that's it
that's it I was like that's a terrible
name for a sitcom already on CBS what is
really all about the two girls whatever
constantly Bob off
very never did he's a guy won't care of
period Jordan overall the gift you you
were so like all over the place and then
right here is weird him like you were so
sad because this is just apple cider
it's not good just ruined Christmas you
ruin the carpet that's all dontel fell I
did I got in this morning and I found I
was gonna say a bunch of weird footage
but also one of the reasons I love
working here and that is you know
everyone bust their ass sometimes you
kind of got to just dig around to reset
the old brain and I found I found this
footage and that's what I'm gonna leave
you with do it was like a cake time he's
ready now look
yeah hello darkness my old friend
Oh
I
blaring go left I kind of just got done
Oh Roy can you come to the camera and
say your name and then like do a jackass
video op tour to Burbank and this is
you're not doing that I'm Zak
this is vloggity not gonna see your eyes
meet yours okay you're good any-any ass
I had is gone it's in the front Mel
everyone back to work
oh and have a great fucking day
