how does like part of me is like that's
disgusting the other part of me is like
what would that feel like stop you
beautiful bastard welcome to who would
you rather video today with me is Mae
aka mrs. Mae aka boo boo kitty fuck
that's a nickname that's your new name
today we're gonna be doing some would
you rather we're gonna try and get into
maze mind
a terrifying terrifying place no it's a
beautiful way is it it really is would
you rather be able to read minds but you
got a really bad headache after you use
it or be able to fly but you're afraid
of heights I would rather be able to
read minds and get a really bad headache
after yeah like so like cluster migraine
yeah like ah you can get rid of in so
many different ways you can get rid of
it
sex sex kind of alleviate if you're the
girl you're not doing the movement whoo
I love that like their their mums their
moms are like vinegar oh fix everything
you're like sex fixes everything
I would love the idea to be able to read
minds I like the idea of being able to
control it because the thought of just
being a bombarded terrible I think it'd
be worse for a woman um me and my ego
can take it I don't want people to
fucking tell me what they actually feel
about me I want people to this is to be
passive-aggressive I don't need the
truth children do the truth terrified
about terrify that I'm like I'm gonna
make sure that when my kid can talk and
really accidentally like kill my ego I'm
gonna be this would be the best shape of
my life
that's gonna be I might be on my best
behavior but so we're both going with
read minds
pretty even pretty even would you rather
date someone who looks 12 or date
someone who always looks 80 I could I
could pull off you look like you're an
adorable childhood relationship I think
you could rock that so 60 and then and
then life finally catches up with you
don't like Asians I used to go through
like menopause cos BAM yeah nothing to
look like you're 90 years old
he's gonna come home like my mom the
problem for me looks 12 I look my age
like it's not it's not good I'd have to
act like she's my daughter and then it
just then it just goes this weird place
then someone catches it it's weird 80
maybe worst case scenario someone thinks
that I'm doing it for the money right
otherwise maybe I seem like a good guy
like I care about I care about like
emotions and you're healthy she's
beautiful inside yeah she's beautiful
inside and she sucks dick great
she has 79 years of fresh well not 79
years of straight-up gum in it so we're
gonna go with your answer date someone
always looks well I feel like this is
gonna be in the minority oh my god ha ha
and I like that the number one comment
on this is I've always wanted day to 12
ah what what that's insane
same age right I mean you you're 47 I'm
30 right that's what it is you're 47 I'm
okay oh yeah so I'm like the old guy
here yeah but the front yeah but look
the problem is this is me with like one
like a few years of not drinking as much
water as I should have that I
automatically aged double you saw it
your fucking song I have like a babyface
take off all the makeup um get rid of
the push-up bra I could click home to
all straight oh that's me this is all
weird the world's filled the Internet's
filled with creeps
would you rather never have sex again or
never learn anything new
I know your answer this say it never
learn anything did you forgive you
Wow I think you forgot how to read there
right are you ready for this yeah you
know what I gotta go it's never learn
anything new sex is just too good it's
too much a part of life feel like I
really need to learn anymore but what if
I what if it's like they're just like
there's gonna be new programs I come out
you don't know how to do it
new new system comes out all of a sudden
you're like you don't go straight on
this job you still know what you have
right but think of it think of in the
sense of like you can't your dad right
so think of your daddy or your mom right
all of a sudden he needs help on the
computer all right because he doesn't
know how that's gonna be you good so
we've asked this question and I feel
like you're gonna be very open about it
how many times a day and or week with
self or someone else you start okay so
here let me just put this into
perspective okay when I'm at home like
if I'm not at my boyfriend's house I
need to do stuff to see okay so that's
one so boom when I get bored sometimes
I'll just be like done recording I'm
done doing all that stuff I'll just lay
in bed and away Netflix and chill myself
there you go
never I've never a no there yeah never I
know I don't I check myself and then
when I my my boyfriend obviously I it's
funny because I saw this thing online
it was like guys always think about
wanting sex but until they meet a girl
that hasn't just as much of a libido or
even higher and I feel like that to me
give them all the time yeah ready right
yeah wait and so wait so is there denial
there
I didn't reject it sometimes my usual
gets hurt I mean you know I maybe has a
headache and he doesn't walk I'm gonna
go with you though with never learn
anything new because I got the tools I
need right now
hey why did it the tools that I need
have to be two dicks also terrible for
terrible for your sprain and dicks left
and right it's like ah that's that's
dick karate just hurting people just
taking them I don't know why you're all
so at it like at this
well you're tiny you're at that height
even disadvantaged that's what we're
gonna end with dick kongfu thank you
guys for watching this would you rather
if you enjoyed it give it that like love
maybe we'll do another one and also make
sure to check out May in multiple places
that you can also there's a link in
there where there's a nude picture I
hope to god that by the time that I post
this that's not real I hacked her cloud
so I'm sorry but also you're welcome my
cats don't like it when I use your cats
they judge you then I give them back I
would take it and they're just there
even again that is extremely ballsy as
an Internet person do you just do the
thing where your faces in it or move I
was like I think you're like my face is
always like Rosie the recognize my cat
maybe here's the thing sending nudes
that's a bigger commitment than this
ring that's look like you know what this
ring right I get divorced she gets half
or whatever the hell our contract says
that's great that's fine dick pick my
life is forever changed main point have
a great fucking day
me
