I'm like wait I forgot what it's the
camera I was I wasn't grinding I was
screwing you either way it works
hello and welcome to another weird video
we're gonna do a would you rather with
my best friend apparently in the world
those are the words that just came out
of my mouth Megan challenges I felt it I
felt it and I loved I think that they
just it was inside of me yeah and it
just came out you know that's a slip
that's a Freudian slip I am into it now
you're gonna have to fight Kevin Brooke
to the death that I'll take him down
that's what happens give him one beer
and he's done hmm
that is true also do you know how to
play with you rather I hope to god you
do like do you know how math works among
addition addition oh good did that let's
see first one is Wow
start off dark would you rather burn to
death or drown um I feel like drowning
is actually a fear of mine yeah I feel
like at the same time would be like a
really um peaceful kind of little bit
World Vision's less horrible than
burning today yeah this is always like
this is like a weird thing where people
like well you know what happens when you
burn to death is that you actually pass
out and so like it's less painful I
don't see I am whenever I think of
someone burning to death I imagine fire
and then they're like running but that's
like an accident it doesn't make any
sense
yeah drowned and drought I tread like
sinking like the deep ocean I imagine
every movie where they go underwater and
everything shot in real time and you
kind of like accidentally hold your
breath and yours like yeah cuz look is
when I realize like that I haven't like
run and forever I'm like I can hold my
breath for 30 seconds and then I panic
and just start convulsing oh yeah no I'm
gonna go I'm gonna go drown yeah I feel
like yeah cuz also I'm gonna go with it
maybe maybe one day some scuba diver
will find my body and I just wanna be
like a skeleton that's like okay well I
always tell q cuz I be terrified
emotions and terrified of everything
really I didn't have this madness an
image of be falling off the boat and I'm
it would be really dramatic like slow
motion I turn see Keith and I reach my
and you won't even hear me scream you
just hear and then you see me but I
always I believe that my soul would
leave my body before I hit the water
like you would know what was gonna
happen and I would just be gone your
soul it nope water like on my back but
it would be the splash of someone that
just douve into the water perfectly and
I would just think you just see me
sinking at econ
I'll never let go so I'm gonna head
drown do we win this game oh there is no
winning but you get to see if other
people agree with you 70% because
sometimes I'm like yeah other people
agree with me and other times I'm like
boo I hate those people forever would
you rather spend a day with Justin
Bieber spend a day with Miley Cyrus
I'll beeps you're all Biebs I think
Biebs would do cool shit I think Miley
Cyrus would like throw glitter in my
face and stick dildos in my mouth when I
wasn't paying yeah there'd be some like
rainbow dildo and I'm like it's not a
joke it's not a joke at the salt no you
smoke weed we get we got we understand
no I like Justin Bieber's music a lot
actually well I was talking about this
with a your favorite one of my favorites
Casey yeah it was like he's like Justin
Bieber as much as like he can do some
stupid shit and everyone can hate him
he has a good product he has a good
product I listen to music the fact that
I listen to like Justin Bieber music
that hasn't hit the radio I'm like okay
it's good his last album was fire okay
I'll say it I'll say it here Brad it was
good wait you say it was fired
are you also someone that says yes in
real life yeah ah fight you fight you to
the death spend the day with Justin
Bieber
we're in see that's the thing the hate
the hate is real for it for the Biebs
Wow no I love the Biebs
I feel like he reminds me of like my
younger brother a little bit like fuck's
up every key occasionally but like he's
got a heart of gold you know hahaha
artim gold he's got Jesus on his side so
so be honest with me
did your opinion of him change when you
finally saw his penis no when you saw it
were you like where you like that's
average that's small that's large I'll I
saw by accident completely oh oh no I am
seeing I have stumbled across a rogue
penis as I actually on the internet
that's so easy how did it end so easy I
think you know good for him like I don't
think about what Justin Bieber's dick
but like I was impressed by what it was
damn it for him he's probably doing good
but it really doesn't matter cuz unless
he's going down and a girl a lot like
those like that I feel like the Biebs he
goes down on girls I feel like he treats
a lady right I don't know based off of
literally nothing but his music and and
random dick pic I think he goes
on girls he looks like he cobbles you
like he he like brings you to like a
veranda there's candlelight and dinner
oh no are we gonna buy we're about to go
religious oh no would you rather live a
life knowing there is a God and die to
find out there isn't one live a life
knowing there is no God and die to find
out there is one I would rather live a
life knowing there is no God and I find
out there is one because I feel like
that's kind of a like surprise situation
like a bras motherfucker I think God
would like me a lot I think we would be
cool like you cool i think we'd party we
get down so I'm all for like not knowing
God and then you know dying like what's
up okay I think I'm along the lines of
yeah live a life there knowing there is
no God die to find out cuz cuz would
that be honest thing I'd be on I know
it's so depressing but I love to be like
on my deathbed and it's like grandpa you
were so great and like I have all my
family around me and I close my eyes and
I think it's over and then I open my
eyes and it's Gotham like what what I
wasn't expecting you to show up to the
party but then it turns out to actually
be the devil he's like it's a prank bro
okay go and Sam pepper shows up after I
damn you real good for me maybe that's
why I need to like turn my life around
and not be such a weird dirty pervert
and like believing a leave in Jesus cuz
otherwise what if my hell is hanging out
with like Hitler Sam pepper and like
whoever else it's actually like my
little JIT Amin my hell might be like
stuck in the YouTube space with like Sam
pepper Nicole Arbour that is like a the
poison YouTube you got talk to make
videos in collab on I die again that's
gonna be the end of this first one if
you want to check out more of Megan
there's probably links can we put the
links on her breasteses I was actually
gonna point to that to annotate now it
makes you feel dirty when you go to a
channel goals have a great fucking day
dad saying fuck dad don't call me dad
Big Daddy Phil what if I get like an
erection when someone calls me that then
that's like then I find out when I find
out that's my thing yeah that's that's
why I don't want like weird things to
happen to me what if I turn out to be
like a tractor do it you Lindsay someone
slapped me the other day and I was like
I think I might like this and then I was
like no no never get into a fight cuz
what if what if I'm mid-fight erection
yeah maybe I win that fight though what
you know someone chokes you a little bit
once and you're into it it's just how it
works that's true too I don't want to
keep talking
