is it only my present that's in here
yeah oh wait you told me about this yeah
this is thank you for caring that I poop
what up we're gonna do one out would you
rather today with my buddy Kevin Berwick
the the it was like I was like which
video should I mention that you may have
seen him in I was like any the ones he's
proud of or that one where his pants
were down you know yeah yeah yeah so
Kevin I are gonna play some were you
waiting for that I'm sorry
you want me to redo it what no no that's
fine all right it's all good that's
still it's one of the best ones because
it's the most real reaction I've ever
seen in my entire goddamn life yeah
would you rather always have a bad hair
day or always have bad teeth I think
that's pretty simple what do you think
like it should be a bad chief you don't
have to smile anything I did but if you
have a bad hair day then it's like
everyone can always see that because I
seem to shovel or but you can put on
baseball camp yeah I was thinking
baseball hat I was like I could rock a
baseball huh
used to don't do it anymore looks not
that great I guess I would rather have
hope a bad chief and you can't like eat
food if you're my fan teeth boy tonight
messed up I mean I have messed up teeth
if I could eat yeah but I mean my okay
well what constitutes bad teeth are we
talking it's whatever you know like oh
you have met mouth and ever once yeah
I'll go I'll go with always have been
here I think it's gonna be the majority
yeah 82 percent see they're important
I'm thinking about getting veneers I
really want yeah it's like really yeah
because like everything with that
Clooney mouth next would you rather is
would you rather be an 80s child star
actor or a 60s one-hit wonder okay
that's so easy I would rather be an 80s
child star actor one for sure cuz like I
don't have to pay for beers from birth
no bear money yeah I said that weird
we're sports doctor pay for bears I
wanted to pay for a drink because you
know like you walk in I'll never forget
like I saw I ran into Billy Zabka
at a 7-eleven in North Hollywood is that
the dude from Karate Kid yeah Johnny
from karate hey I ran into him and it
was the weirdest but it was like so cool
and I was just like and he was excited
that someone didn't call him Johnny from
Karate Kid and I was like big fan maps
it gave me an autograph like super nice
guy but like I'd rather be an eighties
child star than a 60s one-hit wonder cuz
you know if least if you're an 80s child
actor you have like cool movies that a
lot of people have seen if you're like
from the 1960s you had a one who went
away hey I was one of the pogues oh yeah
no one knows you part of me is like uh
yeah cuz both of them we're going to
have money at one point yeah yeah you
know what 80s child actor cuz but also
how many eight a child like 80s child
star actors though went through like
crazy drug problems and just bombed out
I feel like a good amount probably do
it's right in the two Coreys spent -
Korey - Korey's and there it is alright
so but eighty child star oh yeah for
sure why is it the hardest thing for me
to say oh yeah seventy-four percent
oh you're considering these answers as
right and wrong
yeah you're like I go with public
opinion yeah yeah would you rather if I
find five dollars or have your have your
local WNBA team win the championship oh
my god uh yeah no I I hate it cuz it
seems like I'm hatin but I'm not I just
it's like yeah it's like you're
basically saying like do you like five
dollars or do you want to support
women's sports women should be able to
play so you're outside of Whole Foods
would you like to support the WNBA I'm
just so busy I got
no just no I don't know I don't know
what there is that they could say that I
would stop for that's the thing though
is cuz they've been like do you care
about starving kids I'm like at new but
I'm gonna hurt anything I think it's you
know I I think people should support the
WNBA I think it's great then that you
know female athletes have a pro league
that they can go to I think it's
fantastic that being said ah yeah I like
$5.00 it's like if someone was like oh
did you hear the the LA cricket team
wanted like oh that's like right now
that's like two gallons of gas ha ha we
got to get it all we have it so the
answer Oh 80% how much the women in the
WNBA make uh I think like the league
minimum is probably like what like these
hundred thousand or something yeah okay
so the league minimum for rookies is
just above $35,000 and the average
salary is around 70 mm that low back is
insanely low 30
what was it 39,000 well no so the the
minimum for rookies is 35,000 5,000 mmm
Oh would you rather chill with Eminem or
chill with jay-z here's the thing I I
like Eminem more as an artist show with
jay-z Eminem's got he how looks like
he's got like some crazy plastic surgery
and he kind of freaks me out a little
bit sorry don't murder me I love um uh
but jay-z seems like he'd be cool haha
yeah I live oh oh hey that's also also
yeah maybe maybe you get a glimpse a bay
maybe yeah maybe get a glimpse of day
that's true
oh yeah I would definitely want to chill
with jay-z yeah jay-z's you know what he
seems like for as big as jay-z is he
seems like he doesn't have a really big
ego and I just love there's this video
you can watch of him on the subway
sitting next to like this sweet levity
eight-year-old boy who's like the who
are you supposed to be and he's like oh
I'm a musician I mean I'm an artist I'm
a rap and he was just explaining who he
was he was like bitch you don't know why
baby I want a grade of rappers of all
time like he was like super nice and
show tonight that's cool oh my god he'd
be cool
I mean it should also be noted there was
a like a professional cameraman what it
was yeah so he was acting nice there
just one guys like number don't go crazy
on the oh yeah at each other J oh would
you want to chill them and em would you
rather your piss smell like McDonald's
french fries or your poop smells like
the Burger King whopper this is I feel
like poop well let's let's are you back
it up a sec they should have gone into
more detail because would your piss
smell like McDonald's french fries when
they're hot out of the fryer because
McDonald's fries when they're super
fresh and you guys know what I'm talking
about like so good but then like after
an hour like not so much okay well I
think because it comes out of hot I
think it'd be like hot french fries
whatever all I know I will make poop
just smell like a Burger King whopper
because that's definitely better than
what your proof normally smells like so
yeah just shit yes I think either way
it's gonna it has the potential which is
scary to lead to weird sex stuff that
would be slightly if you were like a fan
give me those fries oh yeah oh this is
the home of the whopper just yeah hey
there we go eat like a German girl
though perfect yeah it comes full circle
Burger King whopper this burger oh it's
evenly split we're 49 to 51 percent
that's where we're gonna end I'm gonna
go poop in some people's mouths bricks
gonna not come up in people's mouths I'm
not going to do sass I'm not your
takings a dumb puns a chest I like that
it is your German accent but it's now
just sounds like a UH what it sounds
like that the man is a man yeah ah bitch
guide you talking the youtuber I can't
thank you talking about Flula yeah Lola
you in Flula tea to have a blue love he
should I saw him at you know at last
year's VidCon and I just like so far
you've seen my German acting's like it's
actually a really good man sucks that's
really good so excite you so to go out
can we have fluid tell people to have a
great fucking day yeah oh you I hope
some people I hope you all have a great
day a great day so that should be
wunderbar if you have a great day I hope
you do have a great fucking day goodbye
everybody
let's
