sup beautiful bastards today we're
playing another edition of red flags
it's made by the same guys behind
superfight we love it not sponsor what
up will I'm winning I don't win I didn't
come in here to lose here's the problem
I always I'm so crazy competitive and I
feel like that's why I win things and
then people think that people lose on
purpose so you're not you 100% wheel
mount oh I am definitely gonna win I
usually I would be honest I don't try
most of the times when it comes to
winning today I'm winning okay so the
way it works you get four white cards
like three red cards a car you're gonna
choose your best two white cards to try
and match up with whoever is sitting
here right there a single person they're
ready to actually go on some dates and
you're looking for positive traits that
they're gonna like once we both play it
we're gonna take our red cards pick one
put it on the other person's thing
uh-huh
this is a negative thing okay this could
range from supposed to be true yes so
we're talking smack about our friend can
I say shit on the show I see show shit
and titties titties that's yeah the
video so that's it okay that's it all
right you got it yeah in your head
yes okay so the first single is going to
be may who's your dude you're trying to
set her up with what is he doing all
right what do you got he is driven your
dudes driven and generous it doesn't get
better than that he's motivated he gives
okay who are you okay he's like one of
the guys in the movies that you hear
about you like you see the movie you're
like he is not real guys like that don't
exist he's driven injured if you're
driven you're not gonna be just so he's
the dude from the notebook yeah if I had
seen anything romantic in my life yes
all right so here's the deal my guy he's
a marine he cares about the country he's
jacked
he can flip you around and stuff never
home honey Oh daddy is fighting for our
clan bring home uh and he is uh he's
also an airline pilot what the fuck you
can't babe oh yeah he's a former Marine
he's gonna get that learn how to fly you
can't be on a boat in an airplane on the
same day you get the stomach he's gonna
die
means our mean Navy SEALs oh no reason
to jump out of airplanes people trying
to get you in the commercials that'd be
like yeah you'll be jumping out
airplanes every day oh you're gonna be
sleeping in a bunk man and maybe wishing
you can have some McDonald's I'm sorry
the entire Armed Forces just hate you I
know I'm sorry
so then you have to choose one of your
red cards put on this to try and ruin my
guy no these are all horrible but which
is the work I go alright so what's
what's wrong my Marine Air pilot D okay
I had a lot of options if he's a Marine
an airplane pilot pilot one of the worst
things he could do is also masturbate in
public all right who hasn't I don't know
yeah may is a freak oh that could be a
thing I'm like a restaurant okay yeah
that could be cool but don't do it will
be do it don't do it though driven right
driven generous but for as long as you
date them your genitals will constantly
itch oh yeah what you know about crabs
will what do you know about cry really
hard to get rid of so the marine you'd
rather date the marine you know what
she's doing she's doing her civic duty
he masturbates in public he's gonna get
in trouble that he's gonna be put on one
of those lists and every time he moves
somewhere with you guys to go around
it's a hold on one of them dude what
lissa heroes who happen to also
masturbate wiki I mean no it is a hot
mess man in public you don't look fine
my guy was probably like a fucking
fortune 500 guys something what nothing
in see Jimmy round number to see if will
can redeem himself we have Danny
oh wait I'm not supposed to load so we
remember the rules I feel like I'm gonna
be able to play Danny well alright go
for it only what you want will you
already got it got it
you're like running alternate reality
where she actually meets this guy I'm
really thinking I'm really thinking I
know Danny doesn't need anybody
supportive you're independent black
woman you don't need it hi who's you
dude he can fly any support you know
sometimes you just said she didn't need
anyone supportive but maybe she might
change her mind maybe she likes
important here but maybe she wants to go
home and like you know who's gonna rub
my back
you know I well to do that I want to
hook you up with he makes you feel
secure any spontaneous and fun so he's
taking you on like class dates this dude
Kenny hey blye though yeah but what if
he shows up late you like you can
fucking fly where you been where you
been like think about it like you like
you like you like man if I wake up in
the middle of night and he's not there
I'm like he could be anywhere anywhere
damn it okay you know what I should have
thought about this no he can only fly
himself yes uh yes yeah I just I just
thought of it in my head if I could fly
I don't know that how the fuck you know
like I would never be it all right so
wait now you have to play your red card
on me
so his guy he makes you feel secure he's
spontaneous and fun but I need jerks off
to pictures of your family what's wrong
with that can you imagine me what's
wrong with that
everybody's got a hot cousin she looks
like you that mom she looks dead like
can you imagine catching someone
okay jerking off he's like oh hey look
dude who would be worried sick grandma
I'm sorry the Internet's out and you
just have this photos lying around
all right so his dude can fly he's
supportive very supporting for some
reason you wake up with new hypodermic
needle marks on your genitals
tell me what hypodermic means what's a
hypodermic all right Oh that'd mean I
want that to be what's on your tubes do
ya what's a hypodermic me someone was it
come in everybody would go to my grave
I'd be like he was so misunderstood no
one knew what he meant all right I
already was not stoked on me can't fly I
wasn't and the hypodermic needle is on
my fucking vagina I really actually
didn't give a shit about the Turks off
pictures of your family thing what is
like my family sucks so that's not that
you want your pill I have more problems
if he was like an alcoholic I feel like
goddamn it I'm just like yeah whatever
you just kind of do that this dude can I
can't the pictures down that's what I
will do yeah but he's a dog you can't
just take it away from him yeah but he
can fly only because he's he's
extracting the magic from vaginas and
injecting it into himself
damn it hmm oh nothing
wait what should what should you have
done bad case of genital lobsters cuz I
so I'm up to nil it is either gonna be a
fucking sweep or you got a fight you got
to do something I this is so much more
enjoyable because I know that you
actually want this so bad look I don't
get Swope so I'm gonna win this one you
don't get what's what we said I get
something as sweet so I reversed it
making it whatever the next contestant
is tanja s-- I'm not fucking doing
anything no you come in then at the oven
pan fit under something open up up we
need a band in this place we need a band
hon just tell me tell me what you want
see that's what a man needs to say right
this guy who hotty toddy oh my god
what's your guy what you got my guy
hotty toddy with the body hit he is in
touch with his feelings
you will never have to write a song
about him he knows okay
selling point I want to write son oh
right well he expresses him so he feels
him he is your muse hmm and knows all
the words to your favorite children's TV
theme song well you were fucked on cards
huh
that's no that's a really good thing
what that means you like really close
together my all the things that he could
know my favorite okay that was that way
for me did he go no this is that's a
creepy dude cuz he went to her Facebook
page to find favorite childhood games
like I saw this wrong I'm saying he grew
up like you if he knows if he positive
if you know the same songs as me and we
grew up and do the same things together
we have something in common
Rilla claustrophobic you better hope I'm
not trying to get so my man is a he's a
perfect communicator that's the same
thing as mine you cheater no it's not in
touch much with this man he can
communicate it's good so he know I'm
gonna throw this chair out a window if
we hands built and he's fiercely loyal
you know what he knows who's he he's
like he's like you're my queen okay but
yeah here it is here that it's not over
you got this I'm so good I think this is
a sweet I think it's a sweet I'm sorry
well I'm not gonna pick this one but
this one is great oh I just this you
play the game of your man doors just a
perfect communicator just fiercely loyal
all those additives and shit but you
will never have another orgasm while you
date him huh
fuck fuck that's like the ultimate on
jizz card well how about this though I
might move okay his guy is in touch with
his feelings he knows all your favorite
children's TV the episode shut up
everybody all right mm-hmm he ejaculates
bees that's not that bad Lisa bees will
rub something up in there all right the
bees will get something done bees are
busy work and they go in there
you will never have an organ that means
he's done or is that would be pretty bad
it could be too big you such a thing is
too big or doesn't even matter may be as
perfect dick he just can't get done
that's true okay
Oh God orgasms real great
some say refreshing better than a go up
better than a glass of water yeah that's
your quote I mean your dude was creepy
and ejaculate I'm not getting off
regardless right I mean I'm getting off
but I might get stung
maybe he ejaculate sin the bathroom
first and then comes out it's like babe
there's don't go in there you know what
I'm a pleaser so I think I'm gonna go
how did I miss you I'm gonna take the
win boom but I was gonna say you could
have like special condom made to get rid
of the bees I mean you would have had
the sweetest pussy in the whole world
iffy I don't have this week oh damn it I
lost this one one minute it's changing
but it was like natural sugars what was
the other one that you wanted to play
smelt like clean clothes that is royalty
this pussy was sweet the clothes is what
I've ever been actually hasn't been it
feels right thanks for watching me crush
will and will do whatever the hell that
was uh very fucking day
what was your other red card Oh mildly
red card has literal fire crotch is what
I was going to do and then nipple shoot
fire every time you make contact
