yeah I'm good it's vanilla okay yeah oh
my god stop welcome we're gonna do what
would you rather we brought in lead nude
why we brought in like we had to catch
you we're like you son of a bitch you
guys walking out the door they're gonna
do would you rather I imagine you know
how to play this game yes I do 100% good
would you rather have a child in seventh
grade and raise it or never have kids /
adopt oh um I'm actually a okay with
Slash adopting no no like so you have
nobody
you don't like wait flash it up but you
can still adopt no no they're saying you
can't have kids or adopt never gets or
top no your wordings weird come on I
want random internet person like I mean
I get the seventh grade kid and raise it
but there's so much that I'd have to
undo like there's so much programming
that I have to be like if it's like oh
no no I think yeah when you're in
something like that's a middle school I
don't even like the kid was like oh he's
in the seventh grade no Rachel's like
that'd be like okay yeah I'd be like
well even then no no up until seventh
grade that's when they're the assholes
remember back to where you were in the
seventh grade dude I was like the
greatest stupid kid ever greatest stupid
yeah I was really yeah did you turn into
like when you're like I'm mad at you dad
when Rebecca hahaha
i I don't know if I ever you know what
Anna I'd have to ask my dad yeah because
I feel like I was fucking perfect really
perfect I did I did the Dickens I didn't
I didn't sneak out I always look really
nice I remember I kid when my junior
year I'm a rat a conversation with my
friend I was like dude I know you had
fun but I can't believe you went to that
party and you drink beers yeah I was
like disappointed friend that was like
really you expected horses yes yeah no I
was like I was like pure straightedge
mind of like no booze no like anything
okay so Paulding I would've liked but
he's also you wouldn't I had a
the seventh grade then no no I'm
personally gonna go up and never have
kids cuz really yeah cuz I remember like
I remember not having the cash and I
think the only reason I'm is comfortable
with my with having my kid now as I'm in
an okay place yeah you know a good place
because it's kids yeah it's a kid it's
not gonna be like hey we have to
randomly screw up your entire life
because and cuz I happen to meet tons
yeah yeah you're like I guess it's hot
dog Knights thank you I like that it's I
thought you're gonna go to childhood
trauma and you were just like and there
were a hot dog okay little traumatic to
be like every single night with the
fucking God but don't worry this time
they have cheese inside them no cheese
yeah somebody you're gonna go with are
you're gonna go have a child in the
seventh grade and raise it I feel cool
but I can understand that
let's see would you have loved and lost
or never loved it all loved and lost
yeah yeah yeah sure just so you could
like understand uh all of Taylor Swift's
music means like then I love it so much
Oh see that one 26% is like fucking I
think they just they just got done I
just I haven't felt that level in a
spare in a long time where you just like
you'd go on drives and just like listen
to music just like just be in the shower
just being like yeah I guess I live here
the words that I get now is I'm just
like I'm kind of pissed off and I just
have like an angry conversation with my
site I have like weird like period
things around like is it all makes sense
and then I was like sure it doesn't like
okay thanks Oh looky oh well at least
you're talking to someone cuz I'm always
like hey Phil can you go down and get
them like H 9:00 p.m. I took my pants
off
done anyway anyway anyway would you
rather get electrocuted for 10 seconds
or get slapped 20 times
have you ever been on one yeah 100% why
her how I was plugging something in her
like a yeah also yeah electrocuted for
sure why not left because slap once I
was like two thing about this the other
day because someone was
telemundo thing and some of the public
or someone and they were so just like
blast like they're just like huh hey
and it wasn't like if someone ever
slapped me I'd be like are you serious
yeah it wouldn't be like I'm sorry what
how did I get you to this point and then
you hit me in there what no one stops in
the Telemundo's that is like whoa no
like not cool not cool
I have been slammed but it was like I
mean as a bit oh but it like I was like
go full thing and then that's why I'm
like oh no cuz all it did was like give
me energy
you gentlemen yeah I was like oh no see
and it felt awesome to me and then I was
like oh no I don't want anyone else to
slap me because what if I find out like
I'm into this I've talked about this in
the videos recently I'm so nervous
oh so you're into it like what if I
don't think it's a road I want to go
down no cuz I'm gonna give it ten years
ten years ago just like slap I can't
have you actually ever been slapped
no I really don't know I've never been
to that thing I've never been hit period
I've been accidentally like you know
hittin like bones and stuff and I'm just
not that I'm such a weakling and also I
have so much anger like I genuinely feel
like it's someone sobbing I'd be like
sorry I'm gonna kill you
I would what do you think your plan of
attack would be though I feel like if
ever I was needing to fight I would just
go crazy like it would be like uh no
hold five you like found a fork like you
know it'd be insane I feel like I don't
I'll be electrocuted if you want to
marry someone would you rather marry
same-gender attractive person or marry
opposite gender that's beyond ugly I
mean think about it though what I want
to be wearing a glowing woman or a
really attractive dude but it's also is
just saying like could you be married to
someone that you weren't necessarily
sexually attracted to but you could find
them attractive because they were
beautiful the way that I think of it is
no matter how attractive a dude is for
me personally I'm not like you know what
I'm sorry I'm okay never been
there's ever been one guy like one guy
gun to your head felt what please mister
why this really odd it weird questions
just like I just have to switch this
dude because I find them attractive who
would it be
I don't know see cuz I have yeah hitman
Stallone it's a good tie it's like a
time you have a child together
well I mean I think the number one you
easily go to would be like a Gosling oh
yeah right see right he looks like he's
a dude that could be quiet on your arm
you could be like Ryan Gosling is with
Phil DeFranco haha people be like huazi
when you babe knit you so that so then
it you'd be like I bagged Ryan Gosling
sure we only kissed man we'd be all over
tumblr be sick which what are you going
for I feel like I can find love in
people if they're a good person from the
gender that's beyond ugly I'm with you
great oh oh
viciously split villain I don't care I'm
very worried huh that's my favorite part
of the inner eyes are like mom doing it
again ah that's hot boy yeah she's like
ah anyways thank you uh for watching
this video this was all over the place
uh thanks for doing this with me if you
guys enjoyed it make sure you hit that
like button give that love go check out
Leon hopefully hopefully they're a tech
this texture alright guys thanks for
watching have a great fucking day would
you
