you doing you know flavor baby hello
Phil hello friend how are you - good
yeah I'm all tired shot two shows today
okay cuz uh it's Thursday right now yeah
this video goes up Friday and I gotta do
the PDS and then literally right after
we go straight into Friday's show I
thought you're just gonna go meetings
meetings meetings like yeah I don't know
what the hell's going on today we're
just we're we're planning up the new the
new live show right yes somebody tell me
what what can you tell me about this
live show we're doing a bunch of
different things a different number of
people on camera right now we need to
start off at the the very basic think of
everything is just blink blink canva
canvas
yeah and so we just need to get shots of
us interacting with one another and then
figure out based off of the framing
which will change as we're filming is I
want like a ticker I want to be able to
put graphics up it's all gonna have to
happen live so we're gonna have to have
someone dedicated to building packages
it's a whole thing I can talk your head
off but I'll do it more when we get
something a little closer exciting stuff
but we'll see what we can create today
just for you Phil it's one of those just
for Phil days we're just gonna plan and
create for Phil literally be every day I
think exactly like bubble day we just do
it just for we did that just for you
Phil yeah I don't know what I'm going
with this one this is supposed to be in
the morning hello everybody
what are we doing here we're talking
ideas gonna be part of one of our ideas
if he doesn't want to get quite quick
trouble delete fucked I don't know if
that's the right word you should come
back I guess good night how you doing
Zach and ready for this meeting
have someone in the Oh tell me where up
down left this was a meeting all right
so Zack we invited you in part of the
meeting because we need to discuss
something with you
Zack what do you want to do for us to
make up for fucking it four times oh
yeah yeah yeah that's part of the
meaning I heard rumors of Harry Potter
world yeah land whatever the fuck it's
called yeah I'd like to see that I don't
never been under the knew that I've
heard of butterbeer and I've heard
people tried Barbie Lily are you a Harry
Potter fan alright cool
so uh now we're gonna have a more of a
meeting ready we're gonna do cool shots
everybody start taking notes ready and
go alright cool productive meeting guys
thank ya for the footage so we're in the
middle of a meeting right now we're
planning out a news show thank you no
you guys were meeting I can send you a
screenshot I know I need a private
message so I'm gonna be so what's going
on Heath has been building out the run
of show and developing segments for the
live news show that'll be probably the
cornerstone of the network that's still
very much a development Danny and Amanda
have been interviewing hosts I mean not
stop casting yeah you put out a tweet
this week but I'll also say on here like
if you have an academic background in
journalism political science
communications history you have a kick
on camera experience in a real send it
to jobs at rogue rocket comm you do have
to have a real you don't have to be in
LA to send your stuff in but if we like
you then you have to figure out how to
get to LA for further auditions we know
our people are out there we want smart
interesting level-headed people doesn't
whoever finding the people
he's going back to your research I don't
know how much I want to dive into the
specifics quite yet like a little and
then over here Zak what what are you
doing basically here to listen to what
they want to produce and make sure that
production can make it happen thanks
here to tell us no I'm here to say we
can't do that unless we spend this bonus
and Amanda what the hell are you doing
on the show yeah Joey we got we got a
move we got some really cool things
coming and not to brag but if you're a
DeFranco elite comm member cool boy are
you about to get some good shit oh yeah
now a montage
all right here we go what's what do you
guys mean filler having dinner is what
you like each other what's for dinner I
guess okay you know a mom sauce it's my
mom's gravy I've never seen you two
sitting in this room together with this
picnic table what we're talking about
the the new live show we just have to
start walking through the bare-bones
thing so we understand the shots which
doesn't affect the graphic packages
which is then gonna affect how he just
switching everything on the TriCaster
okay cool that's exciting yeah we were
in your earlier right Zack that's right
everything's happening in this room so
this is our new desk yeah thank you
changing the game a great Phil I'm proud
I'm proud to be a part of the process
this is great anything else that you can
share no I just got was when you start
talking cuz I never know where the
sentence just like I bought up roller
coaster but my eyes are closed I
surprise myself sometimes does anyone
want to contribute anything else Luke
fuck alright thanks Hey what are you
doing like jason says the most fucked up
shit and then you hear Zach talk and
you're like oh is that I was like no
it's neither of them and everyone just
look at me and everyone expected me to
say to you I said Brian horse because
Brian Board says some shit really you
don't really yes everyone will tell you
like he's less he's very like calm and
collected about it but he'll say some
stuff and you literally doesn't give a
fuck and like no one would know but he
does sweet little Brian what the hell is
going on here though more framing test
framing tests we spent so much time in
this room today said the whole vlog
happens in here today to that expand it
the new table new people new mics new
lighting all right cool well so I think
since we're already rolling I think we
can kind of walk through kind of just a
a mock version of
throw graphics on things I'm imagining
it's either gonna be right here or it's
gonna be right here for both frames are
we saying like right side for you left I
forget it would always stay on the same
side we wouldn't want to have to keep
flip-flopping you just doesn't want you
to see it's a secret no those angles
looking fill we're gonna see we just did
like a part of an episode oh yeah
we're aiming at 60 minutes based off of
how long this conversation went though
they could be cool I know the goal is to
have shows that are dedicated for the
the deep dives and then shows that are
dedicated for covering a lot more topics
having a conversation about it involving
the audience
this is decent enough but we don't even
need to put a graphics package on it
just uploaded it a Franco Lee and show
people but a McCool I'm gonna have our
keynote okay beautiful bastards this is
this is just a test but absolutely a
story just came out so I figured let's
talk about especially since amanda has
been just excited what she's braggin
braggin about what women oh I'm just
standing here today he comes up to me
and says hey pussy how you doing and I
was like good cuz he thought I was just
talking to myself
Brianna in the kitchen I haven't been to
the kitchen all day so I have no idea
that sounds you're in the kitchen every
morning because I'm white it's just
assumed nowadays oh shit I wasn't
recording any of this oh oh you got me
all right cool
yeah it's always on so this morning it's
that new one it just turns on I'm pretty
sure there's a blue light it's not a
levels I see you I can hear you
there's that chance 99 shake you brawlin
you're allowed to not invite oh yeah
definitely
where we going what do you want again
this isn't for me for anything you next
week ahead nice camera man they may be
camera shoot when do you think he knows
that others Yammer team one of your
employees and not the other one
yes he can
