Oh sup beautiful bastards we just
finished most of everything today we're
going to be playing a word-for-word with
the crew but really quick I want to
thank the sponsor of this video Full
Sail dot edu slash Phil even interest a
passion for entertainment you want to
make movies games whatever will sail
lets you get online and on campus
degrees for the things you actually want
to get into for me they're also more
than a sponsor people that I employ here
at the office they are Full Sail
graduates if some of our best guys so if
you're interested you want to check out
more go to Full Sail dot edu slash Phil
that said let's uh let's get weird
hey-ya measure doesn't mean yes bands
pajama it's just cuz I was just saying
I'm actually I bought a ball but not the
nasty ball just like curriculum I got
like a bouncy ball yeah like you spank
it
down there me hi what's the next word
what's he on the rooms I spank it's me
they say like boy I have kids so like
it's not like oh you're getting spanking
when I think spank me okay it's just
it sounds great okay I'm sorry I love
bacon hey diddle yeah there's a specific
zone for the space we're like where on
your body location in which you can
spank
here's oh wow but right so here's the
thigh alright last is it where the butt
meets the thigh like oh I gotta have the
upswing it's what it is
Oh Jane she's it literally just got a
puppy change back he was saying
hahaha I'm sorry okay spammy Gina's a
sure Chuck good old Chuck with his balls
would you say oh okay and I'm just like
hey I didn't realize that okay that's
that's a family I am it's not Bob walls
what did you say double yeah like snot
balls like you know like a bubble oh
it's not it's not rocket yeah sure I do
that all the time
I don't if you can do that you got a lot
too much time on your hands
no your shower you know you can do a
bunch of gross shit in the shower and
it's just okay if you were like all
right I'm just drugged off standing up
and blow shit out of my nose I'm gonna
piss on the ground like you have kind of
waffles done waffle stop you never done
it I'm sorry kids at home waffle stump
is when you accidentally shit yourself
in the shower and then sometimes greats
are like waffles so you just yeah that
nasty did you ever have like those kids
in school that leaders not rags like on
their desk it's convenient you got a
runny nose all day you gotta read easy
actually use it use the dry spots no you
use a new cleaning there's always a dry
spot vanilla yes
Shh hi screen like vanilla beer like a
fox with both of them to be fair if I
have to like if it was like an
apocalypse type situation and I could
only had chocolate ice cream available
to me I would grab the chocolate but I
would cry about it and I would be really
upset I would still eat it but it would
be it would be an angry you know if the
end of the world happens a gear like
everyone's gonna be fighting for food
and water and guns and shit promise you
I'm just gonna go lock the door
gonna sit down and open up my whole loop
I'm gonna watch like season four scandal
and I'm gonna sit there to eat whatever
is left in the house I'll probably post
meat so I'll be like someone's
definitely taking my fucking call
tonight fertilized oh my I sighs baby a
man you will yeah about it ice cream
you're talking about the rapper yeah
okay I'm talking about food you're
talking about go ninja go ninja go yeah
okay yeah I cuz that's the song he's
known for yes go ninja go go ninja go
ninja go where cares about Ice Ice Baby
everyone three people all right fruit
fruit four of the Christ I wasn't
allowed to see that movie
it's terrible fruit more I guess roll
your R if you're in the same fucking I
should've been like literacy trick is it
bad that we heard cash and we both
thought of fruit instead of you know
like one of the most powerful emotions
possible passion Oh probably talking
about fruit you know the thing people
eat sometime so it's in my ingredients
for my hair so that's kind of why I said
it
you put fruit in here yeah yes I put
fruit in my hair but there's passion
fruit stuff in the ingredients to the
next next word it smells good my ribs
I'm like feeling you're like me I'm the
one that cares and has a heart she's the
one that consumes all the food I bring
home okay you bring home any food ever
you order milkshakes
while you get massage I'm super
relatable so relatable that you'll pay
$17 to have a milkshake into the house
okay are you putting your blast hey hey
I deserve a few things here there know
every down then it's a 17 dollar bill
Krahn super high okay here one pure pure
pure peer here like PE you are e yes I
thought about China again as silk
virgins here Elaine white actually fly
there's a drink called peer there's like
pureed no it's pre-act no puree is
something to do to fruit before you put
here so again how do you say that word
yeah water here
you're like pure shear like pure bitch
what pure review oh I was pure like a
doc here oh here
I heard peer pressure el Darrell Darrell
okay I got it yell over you I can't wait
not turn-taking
yeah so I'm just gonna point out that
you said pressure but I said pure oh I
heard peer pressure is already here
everybody know I can't tell what I'm
saying
wait say it pure here and that's why I
said el carril say it again here say
peer here oh yeah now you're
over-pronounce yeah wait why is your I'm
trying to look like a northerners over
here on what they're talking about
pressure don't do it
here doc try it oh it's not trying one
more time I got a here virgin got it all
right yeah you know virgins
yeah fuck oh right yeah
