stop you beautiful bastards today I have
the fantastic may aka mrs. may AKA
apparently boo boo kitty fuck I've
decided I like that you're just like
that I have been agreed to that yeah but
today we're going to be playing red
flags it's from the creators of super
fight essentially we're gonna have some
singles not really single but let's just
imagine some of these people are single
actually most of them are red flag
essentially we're both going to get four
white cards on those are good positive
traits then we will play two of them
we'll also get three red cards and at
that point we will put it on the other
person's potential date and the hope is
that it's something so terrible that it
ruins the other two things that said the
first person we're gonna be trying to
set up is star yeah make some damn noise
daddy oh this is like we have an
audience oh my my only hope here is that
you're so weird that you don't know what
other human people are interested in I
know I'm I don't know people I don't
know people I only know myself and I
only care for myself okay
okay wait so do you already have someone
alright so so explain it like like
you're you're trying to talk it up to
her
alright so you're gonna go on a date
right with the funniest person in the
world oh I like that very nice that's
what I'm into is hoping you would do -
and he's courteous how do you a nice
date gone they've had enough is not
enough courteous people out there and
earnest thought you should doesn't go
hand in hand now
I'm usually douchebag they liked it
funniest person in the world though are
you able to have a serious conversation
is he always like dick jokes purt purt
purt no he's funny but he could be he's
courteous you like a Jon Stewart type we
okay yes but also funny look it still
you could still do it okay I just wanted
to be said my cards are horrible uh he's
honest all we all care about that
oh great uh Eddie has beautiful eyes
okay hey that's fine now we have to
think of the mess up thing I would you
already have it oh yeah okay so my
person is honest and has beautiful eyes
but post all your sex tape on Facebook
no but he is honest well that's his I
feel I guess who I just fuck my honest
opinions about what happened it just
criticisms oh okay no okay well her guy
is the funniest person in the world and
he is courteous he shits while coming
through fences there you know there's
someone out there that's like that's my
favorite yes please I'm so probably
gonna lean on funniest person in the
world because I didn't you could take
care of me first and then the rest will
have to be like in the shower
Oh figure out see that I was if I had
that card I was gonna debate that you
know you could tape like a garbage bag
there I don't have to worry about any of
my stuff in public on Facebook that's
really it makes sense yeah this is
honest and beautiful eyes bullshit
bullshit huh so round one goes to May I
hate you forever star so fuck you may
round to the then the single ready to
mingle hate myself for saying that
sentence is Danny Danny Danny Bennett I
feel like I feel like oh look at the
cloud
okay alright so I feel like if I get the
right cards imma be able to play Danny
well I know Danny Danny there's such a
disadvantage for me because I I mean I
know you guys but I don't know hey I
need all the help I could get right now
no I know you're there in a way that's
very special and appropriate and
appropriate oh it's like I was a mmmm hi
who are you setting up alright so loves
dogs famous fashion designer as well all
the clothes no that's a negative I don't
care about what I wear all right so so
I'll see what the other so I understand
that your dude loves dogs but does he
love them enough to be an animal shelter
volunteer mmm and he loves the theater
dammit dammit that was anyway I knew
that Ruby's was a good one but like only
like only like funny theater like he's a
big she's a big fan of like the Book of
Mormon like an avenue kiri okay red
flags are really gonna tell it okay I
got I got this okay
what's what's yours alright so he may be
an animal shelter volunteer and loves
theater but he can only climax while
walking away hey hey maybe he's looking
at the the ladies oh my god John Cena's
coming on okay so her guy loves dogs and
he's a famous fashion designer and he
fantasizes about killing and eating you
and he won't shut up about it
oh wow okay he's like uh he's like he's
like rubbing his dog in his life you
would be so fuckin delicious over some
spaghetti I'm gonna go with the animals
dog
you can only climb a tree for wrestling
cause that's a hell of a lot better than
I don't blame you
Oh one one Thank You Danny
so it's one one it comes down to the
tiebreaker round our new single is
Meghan tonjes whoo I just you know I
want to make sure that you're not on my
side I need you to be completely
unbiased for this one all right so we're
gonna go down thing is it allows me
pretty well so here's the thing I just
have to find a card that says black dude
I wish I win the only reason I know that
is Lindsay's gone on her tinder account
and just swipes right on any dude that
fits that characteristic hey here's the
deal here's the deal I get it if I could
be I would be are you kidding me I would
be I don't care what who's uh who's your
guy all right so my guy has a perfect
amount of physical affection okay and
loves you unconditionally as well oh
it's all about you okay here's the thing
though Thomas do you want someone to
fully love you I can't I need to know
that someone like could leave me at any
given moment
I like to know that my love is
conditional which is why which is why
the guy that I want to set you up with
he's a lumberjack but he loves to laugh
I will say I'm more Drive the lumber
drop situation right now the perfect
amount of physical affection is great
but it seemed the loved you
unconditionally does feel a little like
smothering that is that is so what's
what's what's wrong with my guy he's a
lumberjack and he loves to laugh at he
also actively sleeps with their so it
says um well I mean it's just maybe it's
all in the bed with me yeah it's total
sleep mate might be cuddles could be
foursome uh well okay so her guy granted
he is he only shows the perfect amount
of physical affection he loves you
unconditionally but he brags every what
about being the Grand Wizard in the KKK
oh do you throw that out if the you are
you think you just like you just like I
don't know if you know you probably
don't cuz the sheet thing it's good he
loves me unconditionally because I don't
love that um everyone has their flaws
actively sleeps there's something a
little weird and we're inviting people
into the bedroom that I might not like
so and there's like weird boundary
issues but also you know hates black
people so I'm gonna go with the dude
that comes down trees yes
no I'm racist lumberjack wait wait what
if he's a black dude that's the grin was
ah he Oh I'd even think to play the
angle that he's trying to undo the
entire thing in the KKK that could
change the game up damn it
Ravi's I will tear them apart
from the enzyme so I won I'm not gonna
brag too much except for the fact that
I'm better than you in every single way
guys I hope you enjoyed it I hope that
you enjoyed me whooping that ass Oh calm
down not that way
thank you for watching if you want to
see more red flags more car games more
may you hit that like button also make
sure to check out some more men for the
main point have a great fucking day bye
never know what say you have to stay
still
oh fuck you fucked it up are you set
I hate this I know that I know that you
guys are gonna do a fucking strong cut
you're just gonna put it right on me
right here you motherfuckers
