and the pot guys we talked about your
boner habit okay when you say boner have
it sounds weird sometimes a guy gets an
erection when he sees a woman cry
am i right alright Sam now we can want
to do is we to go ahead and get over
here to the right we're gonna get
ourselves a gift shuffle shuffle shuffle
shuffle shuffle oh you're just molesting
whatever's in there I don't want
whatever that is let's come around okay
alright go ahead
know that yes my capella okay don't look
just grab something vivre something that
feels real something that feels good oh
that's okay that was one of more
properties thanks to Grandpa no no yeah
sure grab that one no but sorry Oh No
shuffle shuffle shuffle shuffle shuffle
what is just put what do you think it is
alright go ahead put it right there
gently on that table
today's my mouth okay I'm gonna move to
your left you're gonna grab crab
whatever the fuck this is wrapping paper
here you want to the left to the left
the left with my graduated Fila papers
oh it doesn't look pretty it's very
pretty it's a debate it's very you I
don't want to hit you you know in your
area unfurl it unfurl it thank you thank
you thank you pull it out pull it out
more more more more more now flip it
over upside down okay don't hit me in
the face lay down okay yeah I shouldn't
be inside out that's cool okay oh
they're so feeling that more more more
more more Oh soon when she good stop now
just drop that down now pick it up pick
it up and slide it under slide under oh
yeah you're gonna want to cut it now
what are they where are the scissors oh
you're gonna give you scissors I trust
you with scissors if you're good oh my
god these are fucking turn them around
though please okay you're right there
scissors scissors right okay you feel
those are scissors okay you're doing
okay they're under yeah you got it oh no
this is terrifying
yeah what are you afraid of
I'm the one with in front of you where
am I going get a hold on all that slow
yeah there it is tell me where the
scissors go right
laughs to left up forward forward
forward up a little bit oh no oh just
break through the fucking thing okay
strip it rip with your left hands
rip rip okay perfect cut this shit pop
it there you go keep going oh wow I am
angry keep it okay there we gonna just
throw that somewhere else
I regret Oh shocking time yeah it's
exactly what she told me that now you
want to grab it yep hold that down hold
that down awesome
this is a beautiful presentation is it
pretty yeah nugget pretty it's something
beautiful
oh my gosh I'll just do it yes oh I wish
I knew where that tape was ah oh my god
this is terrifying
yes okay okay keep going keep going keep
going there we go there you go see that
was probably the whole thing and you
gotta cut on the printer wrap it finish
and that's even worse I don't think this
can be done I'm not a good leader
obviously okay put that down it isn't
directly Maloney yes the work we get is
directly below grandma sitting by the
fire with her cooking and she's ready
for some hugs and some gifts I'll leave
that there
okay now move to your right
okay grab on the table there's like you
can't see that sparkly but it's sparkly
hahaha little friend Tori the fight
feels like Scratchy
right there yeah yeah yeah is that okay
bring that over yeah hold that and
you're gonna wrap that the fuck around
yeah yeah now wrap that tinsel around it
so it can keep it shut good good
it was a live kit and Rayna you paid
like a fucking fat taco diet it's fine
leave it leave it it's fine okay yes I
said leave it
get that boat no not that one put that
down right touch that move it move it
over and I'll put up they go yeah that
one okay stay in the game get your head
in the game to see you you know where
the gift is you know where the tape is
complete the task there you go
place it on top oh is that how you do it
nope nope nope nope I'm back over to
your right there that big one that big
one grab it
nope damn it that one nope
yes yes yes you found it great stick
that shit on there boom whack Merry
Christmas
there you go grandma one more thing to
be proud of me I work I keep going like
say I think it looks good
yeah I did let me see oh that's
beautiful gift hey hey not bad is it
cool it's not really close I'm proud of
it you know pretty good I'd like to
present to you
bouquet dekat team I shouldn't have you
know you do is you get involved more of
these or something
and
actually looks really good
I think it looks great yeah fuck y'all
niggers have a happy Christmas and
holidays of other nationalities happy
holidays great Christmas and everything
is happy holidays yeah have a happy
Christmas
yeah Happy Hanukkah to be fair how often
are you wrapping up a school
well I blame you cuz you and when I was
directing me well you know you let me do
things with words and you know I don't
like words you are the word persons yeah
but I don't know the right one stop that
