I've talked about this in several would
you rather I think that I might like
getting slapped can you do it right now
I'm gonna slap you hard I see people not
allowing oh no I'm not gonna do it do it
do it do it
people people ah all right here oh no I
think I like it
I got your lips right ah I think I like
it I think I like it so you can Lee got
in there how dare you ruin my intro so
give you something beautiful bastards
abroad uh Linda Franco is that your last
name sure you might remember from the
girl that was last on a penis or
youtube.com slash D DeFranco fan that's
rude of me you're so much more you're
right hi I'm the writer of the philip
defranco show we're gonna be playing a
game of would you rather do you
understand how this game works
no it's such a dick so the first one
would you rather be electrocuted every
time you swear or have all profanities
censored out on your television since
our on television I'd be like it's easy
yeah I curse too much like I don't
realize that sometimes and then I'm like
fucking was not a necessary additive
word here but it was just there I don't
really hear you cost that much maybe I
think maybe at home I've toned it down
because I'm like I'm really worried that
Trey's gonna say ax and I'm gonna find
it adorable
well film never wanted to say the word
no everyone that's a word that people
need to use and now it's Trey's favorite
word and it's adorable three toddlers to
every word no I was reading a comment on
the defranco fam and someone said
they're three-year-olds new favorite
thing to say it's got damnit so they're
like can I have some waffles please
goddamn it look like that would be great
children say no but bad things is
amazing yeah let's see yeah really I
didn't think would be that close those
are the electrocuted people are people
that like mmm I've talked about this in
several would you rather I think that I
might like
slap can you do it right now I want to
be like everyone else do it ah I think I
like it I think I like it if I came at
the same time yeah I feel like if I came
at the same flatty
no I won't maybe once maybe just show me
one so sorry um well that's a dark
question what sonocent would you rather
be married to someone that doesn't love
you or be married to someone that you
don't love so married to someone you
don't love so you're married to someone
that you don't love you could like them
so you just like them like like cool bro
think maybe you just like hanging out
but if you're married to someone that
doesn't love you like that'll be awful
so you just you want to make sure that
the love is coming your way
yes so you're you're a taker yes I will
be using that in the court of the law as
you can see your honor she doesn't love
man and she's a taker and we're just
like bro um I mean wouldn't you say so
yeah I mean I don't know how I would
like if I thought you didn't love me
that would crush me yeah yeah we're
needy human beings are needing yeah also
yeah someone that someone was right in
the comments you could fake it you
connect I love you scheppers it's not
all the time
would you rather leap tall buildings on
a single single bound like Superman or
be able to run as fast as the flash I'm
going I'm going personally with a flash
be able to get places really fast okay
you only leap up have you I think that
you have some forward momentum forward
yeah you'd have that forward momentum
yeah flash flash yeah you don't need to
get the high places don't need to be
like a freaking super frog yeah because
I feel like if I'm the flash I don't
need to jump to the top of the building
I just had a super speed up the stairs
but okay you know the leap tall
buildings is more of like if you want to
be on a circus or if you want to have
cool party tricks I feel like once again
if I had superpowers I'm gonna end up
being a bad guy yeah also I don't know
yeah I think I'm going with flash yeah
me too yeah yeah like I'm leap tall
buildings at the party trick 70 so yeah
everyone I feel like leap tall buildings
is the lamest thing Superman can do
because he can fly it's not like he's
known for jumping Yeah Yeah right
would you rather be better-looking in
person or better looking in photos
better-looking in person yeah yeah yeah
cuz everyone can end up looking better
in photos thanks to facetune yep and all
that other garbage I that's oh now that
I know what face tune is I hate when I
see people that use it and not like Anna
jovem way yeah one of my favorite people
on one of my favorite people on
Instagram is Steve green we've had him
in on the show he's a friend of the show
he'd use his face dude on all of his
picture yes yes wait oh oh oh okay he
does it on purpose
oh yeah no oh I thought you were saying
no no he makes like he makes fun of it
I'm not very photogenic I don't think
holy shit 95% okay would you rather live
in an abandoned bomb shelter or live in
an isolated Tower bomb shelter why cuz
you're safe you'll have to walk out the
ship down the stairs yeah but then you
don't get to see outside
I'd sleep so well could I have curtains
on the tower I mean I suppose you could
okay maybe a type ends where the tower
is at some point you're gonna go crazy
yeah if you're gonna so imagine you're
by yourself oh wait wait wait
so it says in the secondary thing Tower
is like Rapunzel but no one comes to
visit or save you you have commodities
and access to Hulu but over dial-up in
both said you know bunker done really
cuz you feel just safer yeah yeah I
guess I feel like at some point like
I'll have I'll have jerked off the
millionth time I'll have watched to the
first 10 seconds of like we can clueless
it's a clue oh my ass all you can get
it's ten seconds dial-up you're like I'm
done with Cher and Dion um and then at
some point I'm gonna want to end it I'm
gonna be like I've seen it I've seen
everything
Oh Tower I could just jump out of yeah
okay Touche oh my go you said bomb
shelter pretty close
would you rather fart in front of your
crush or get caught picking your nose
I've done both of these you have to
deliberately pick your nose like that's
a thought that goes into it farting can
kind of just slip out you could laugh
Amelie oh yeah yeah mmm the great thing
about having a baby especially on planes
now is that like when I fart I'm just we
had we had a like a game night where
people came over and everyone else there
was like yeah she doesn't fart in front
of me and I was like what yeah have you
have you been dating for three days yeah
who doesn't end up forwarding in front
of each other Justin and Nikki they
there there another said that they don't
heart I think that like I'm I mean I did
in the beginning but not don't like it
was just like subconscious they didn't
want to but I think that yeah we both
give an each other crap about the four I
think um I'm I'm understandable with
closing the door when you know you're
you're you're wiping I close when I poop
no I know
I know that's what I'm saying oh it's
like I'm not saying like I need to see
everything I like some stuff me in a
mystery one girl and she will not poop
in the same lake house as her boyfriend
they went to Palm Springs and she had to
go every time she had to poop she went
to the lobby bathroom that's uh that
seems like that there was probably like
a childhood trauma there has to be
something right that or maybe maybe that
is just general Society of like girls
are disgusting a day when there's people
who are like I can't poop in public
bathrooms and like I don't want to poop
in public bathrooms but when I gotta go
you go it's bad to hold it everyone's
got yeah everyone I think has like a
weird thing for some people it's that I
mean I've heard guys that like they
can't go in a public restroom if there
are other people there or something like
that there's a cage right I don't know I
don't get it I'm gonna say fart in front
of your crush yeah for sure
boom yeah see it's not that big of a
deal people everyone but picking your
nose is a deliberate choice that's like
uh looking at the microphone duh
Thank You Lindsay for being a a part of
my video I love you if you want you got
more of Lindsay of course and go to
youtube ha ha that's like the defranco
fam she beats me you're on the chair
your honor thanks for watching of course
you can check out Lindsay here hopefully
this text there otherwise get it is I
get in trouble over here no over here
No No thank you for watching if you
liked it you want some more give it that
like love but of course as always I love
your faces and have a great fucking day
oh I thought you're about to show your
titties
