I knew that you really wanted like an
ugly YouTube sweater yeah almost so
schools the headphones you bought me
just get your dad to be cool
so well you're gonna be my arms you
through there you go alright eyes closed
alright we're gonna walk to your right
okay this is a gift box yo grab
something like not ginormous Oh Santa's
titties are on the spot get me in there
alright okay okay this is all goes the
box
pants Akbar I need you need to be like
closer on me or there you go only dicks
this is bullshit this is bullshit what
do you think you're doing
oh you're gonna love this I don't know
what it is I feel stuck what my grandma
wants so now we need is wrapping yes
there you go what color would you like
uh this one okay cool uh beautiful color
there goes the rest of the record for us
maybe trust me yes luck him hey pick
water alright you have free things like
one of them go tell her to do oh my god
I don't know how to pull the shirt uh
bring your hands like that yeah boom
then full cross yep though okay that's
kind of there feel around they're gonna
take that ya know that you gonna go
ahead and use that roll go ahead duh I'm
gonna switch it up to yes fine great
more line yes yes a penny many other
yeah if it's not pretty it's pretty it's
pretty oh shit oh shit is going in my
way so let it roll people let it go go
go go okay no you're good you're good
keep spreading it keep spreading it off
I have our border Oh Oh my vagina okay
no no no tear it I will I've just tear
it I'm really I'm scare the scissors in
front of my face I don't want you to
grab scissors no where are they with
your damn hand fuck scissors because
that could be very dangerous you're just
gonna rip it I don't know if I trust you
with scissors so use your hands your cut
oh good okay because there are parts of
my body
oh yeah touched right now fuck I just
huh you better read it we made contact
like this we're good oh my god I'm sorry
no you're gonna put it on top of that
there we go okay you're the right way
the pretty is there to be pretty no I
just realized I think I just know how to
wrap the presents in you don't not
having okay folds and then near the
bottom like I'm so unnecessary this is
just like our relationship okay now grab
that roll you just use that's it no back
go back to the right the right a little
too far no back to what left down that
look to that no little up to the right
I'm still really left out during the
holidays okay stop whoa okay getting
violent now no I don't see any other is
babe oh wow
good cool um well okay Oh awful sound
phone oh go ahead nuns roll roll roll
roll roll roll and flip it and flip it
and flip it okay stop okay
keep going Pinterest fail now lift it
with the wrapping with it was it good
good okay this looks hideous yeah we're
down to the right here use your right
hand ran down to the bow in your hand
get there go put on top this time just a
little oh you found it there we go smack
it down it was the book before I get
into it is this both good is it pretty
well no I don't like now is watch for
another bow I gotta go to this crowd
together they're 15 well my my fault you
ate the last goddamn minute yeah I put a
goddamn bow on there shut your fucking
mouth okay I think it's it's on like
tassel
still with no okay no no no okay I'm
getting frustrated you're good okay just
flip it flip it you're good and ripped
flip it benefit yes twist it pull it pop
it pop it my boy we playing you like it
reach forward over the gift that now
swirl it up watch my face all of our
bows just came on Danny we gotta get it
we gotta go get it we can okay yay you
want wait oh oh there you go you got a
rip there's no oh okay you're so much
better there there no thank you sipping
a present
sounds like a therapy session what are
you doing I'm feeling my way through
life cuz you're useless I'm inside II oh
my god why so many because there's no
time there is no time and you're putting
tape on like these and I go yeah here's
the great but where's that is there
there is oh my god do you feel it yeah I
feel like I feel like there you go there
that's Hanukkah no that's not Hanukkah
that's just huh why do you hate the Jews
come on rip this taper off none of the
paper the wrapping paper on top of the
prison right now
rip it off No
better than I thought honestly yeah you
got a rip on the bottom but it's sick
shoes like a girl like a baby whoa
existed under the tree okay
it's just what he asked for are you
water gun I know that you really wanted
like an ugly YouTube sweater yeah judge
me you're dead to me
you know the reaction was when I gave
her the headphones oh Hanukkah colors
he's got tinsel it's got one of them red
bows do you know how to wrap gifts I'm
not a giving person
have you ever wrapped it all right I'm
gonna get that here
happy holidays bye happy holidays do not
buy anybody this sweater
no you're gonna love it I know your
favorite hahahahaha fucking minions is
bullshit he hates the minions it's not
communion all right I masturbate with
this
