I can make creepy faces this is a baby
face and then this is my face on the
baby this is just the baby trying to
talk here what's your problem then I can
do stuff like this which is interesting
go maybe a little old man is alright I
know we said all men are created equal
but he didn't mean it
emails what emails nightmares forever
it's weird that you masturbate you don't
care that I'm in the room no my mom sure
I can become a South Carolina so there's
that with the static photos and swapping
there but I can also do it live in front
of me in front of like with another
person check it out Steve what's wrong
oh oh no this is not what Steve Jobs
wanted it's a Steve Jobs Oh double dead
Steve Jobs is spinning in his brain
because this exists it's a good look for
you fucking God we look hot here's the
thing right when I look I look at so way
to know so breeze face on me yeah that's
like it works see burnt now I know it
I've been here my face that's what you
would look like yeah you could make you
make a great guy you did Justin Bieber
yeah but but look it so my face on green
get this creepy like androgynous man one
have you see you see my father you guys
talk like this no I'll do my eyebrows
are fucking awesome yeah look at your
eyebrows villain League bro that is my
most terrifying Balian so you know whoa
oh my god
I love that everyone at sub X don't
listen yo cuz it's a
I think this app is racist recognize
your face this is terrifying this is
terrifying
that one's weird go on what every girls
look amazing with a face everyone covers
their face wait don't go I look good you
look good with my face a little bit
though mmm no I can't wait no this is
just a horror movie for some reason
what are you doing on the about that's
amazing sup nation here's the thing
here's the thing I've realized every
girl so far looks great with my hair but
my face on everyone is horrifying
haha this is crazy ready this is the
moment we've been waiting for oh my god
we really don't make me act like me oh
my god I got guy guy guy oh I know I see
my face on your
I love minecraft what you have to say it
no I won't be a part of the song I've
never been more scared in my life
no wait hang on let me take off my
glasses oh no no it's no this is the
worst thing that's ever happened oh all
this is baby realize is brie could be a
really directive dude yeah say it keep
looking at the angle I'm looking in oh
no three years
long hair island
