this isn't the same who is it man you
don't react you're just like I'm gonna
I'm good with someone just randomly
touching my face what if like a rogue
penis tip the nose just for jokes
oh okay so it is gonna be a long day I'm
in here before everyone gets here having
a lot of friends through we're filming a
lot of videos because I'm gonna be gone
like I told you guys for I almost had
spring break for Christmas and I'm
dressed it for comfort today I have
looks like oh you probably is wearing
regular pants I know no it's this and
what is happening why huh so the general
plan today is that I'm in now I'm
handling a lot of business see stuff
then at 9:00 my buddy making time just
going to come in we're going to do some
fun videos maybe a podcast boom 11
o'clock I'm gonna be on the p4a stream
with John Green maybe we'll use some of
that stuff for this channel as well
Nolan I'm gonna take three seconds to
eat and then my buddy May is gonna come
in we're gonna do some weird dirty stuff
that sounds sexual it's not although
other than Rayna may is possibly the
most dirty and sexually minded person I
know then we're gonna use that room to
shoot doubles while I shoot a bunch of
solo videos in another video and then
hopefully at 5 o'clock I'm done and I
can go home the main thing is that just
gotta keep the energy level there so
that's that let's jump into it oh this
is where you
thank you look at this getting set up
I'm gonna go grab town just and get
started what's happening here Oh hair
light
I can't no you're not you're Hale it's
fucking awesome
holy shit yeah hello let's do it
mom do you how's your energy house I
don't know I'm still drunk or home oh
yes all these flavors why do you choose
to be salty my breath your eye they said
can you feel my breasts it's like okay
you're definitely I'm just making
massage my boobs actually tell you that
our friendship making a home it's
essentially like when you take a shower
with a woman just oh let me get that for
you yeah wax on wax on hey girl I just
became aware that we never touch each
other and he like moves away oh you look
like all gags that's good
ready date on it I mean it's oh yeah I
told you we talked about this on the
bunch did I I'm scared to do anything
because what if I like it yeah yeah
thank you my life there you go
oh there we go ah riches bitches ah
tanja just remember to get more leverage
lean in what your dick I just wanted to
see his face I've never thought I'd ever
stop it
stop having a good time no good times
here okay so we're gonna go to the P
free charity stream giving now instead
of just controlling the front page we're
actually just doing good things
haha it was fun to be able to control
the front page for a couple years but
those those days are long past YouTube's
like not on our watch
yeah those are I think around I don't
even know what the front page is anymore
really I never really go there
no well cuz I think it's really just for
people that are long down like that's
yeah bye cuz I'm Paul again I see my own
my own YouTube it doesn't it don't still
have an impact though cuz every now and
then I'll throw something out and it'll
pop up and I'm like oh there's three
times abuse perfect yeah well and also
like I can tell not just from the views
but from the quality of discourse goes
down pretty dramatically pretty quickly
do you feel like someone just kicked in
your door and they're like we're here -
bye - I will say that it's not a it's
not a suck-up comment to the people
watching you I've never heard someone go
yeah and then those fucking nerdfighters
came in and I was like oh don't tell me
about that I I mean you just I it
where's my bleep button oh sorry oh I
love it
I look at it or ahead world I'm sorry
I'm so sorry by the way I'm sharing a
coke with a legend new pill thank you
sir
we really appreciate it and you and and
really appreciate you being part of this
crazy journey with us the last almost
decade yeah no thanks for having me
buddy have a good have a good rest of
your day
yeah you're the best man take take care
please buddy sisters truce truce truce
truce hopefully I'm still not live
what are you honey
hey what told you to stop coming over at
nine o'clock
are you filming a video called wills
dreams or something this is the only
reason why I will like it
it has like a channel and everything
just for this moment is it all out so he
could film a video and raining in bed
that is this is this every creative
meeting so it's like whales like okay so
so rayna's like pretty much naked and
then and you're like no it's the same
you didn't the last three meetings the
question bro what is Peggy uh man
lightened us that it's when a girl wears
a strap-on and she fucks the dude in the
buff so you can you talk to your lady
about that okay have you heard about
this this new with new face new cool
trend you know I'm in on it
alright so shot some stuff out with me
she's gonna be back in a minute
calm down cool nice whatever
okay well whoa actually it does well me
while I set up this uh this thing just
blog as a lot but people care about the
peganum it all right so he's teaching me
how to play yeah we're gonna play a
quick we're gonna play some card games
we're gonna bring the crew in yeah you
gotta stop just aim in the camera like I
like I like how the purse is on my ass
like hold on so what is huh oh you know
what no that's the Milky Way oh yeah
James we keep it pervy in here huh there
we go
you know what no we don't need your face
notice what I playing stop it no boo oh
no please don't
oh no please don't thumbnail come now
thumbnail thank you stuff that's it
we're gonna have a few people stars and
your part don't ruin this video star
yeah
I played a card game with SourceFed I
apparently picked wrong angry feedback
and it was amazing nothing but love for
star come on people that's not a nice
place
hey the nation's pretty good nation free
thought so we finished the videos now I
gotta get I gotta get some some some a
in the the new leggings oh oh no no no
make my snap
