hey hey fuck all of you okay thanks
yeah no it's right play it play it the
big thing to understand is that Reina is
probably Linden Derby this one here that
was glass rated that was a glass
breaking I'm gonna go in there you want
to see let's fight back
oh fuck yeah that's me talking
wait okay I like how you're fucking
circling around like you're ready trying
to find a fucking terrorist
fuck you I'm gonna you want to look you
want look I didn't break glass oh look
at you I didn't break any glass see this
this thing that's attached it just came
out that's it
oh this bit yeah all we have to do is
put a little like glue on it and just
they made for a good intro so you can go
fuck yourselves
see now whenever you give us shit we're
just me like you remember that time you
said on a table unbroken I don't care I
fired half the staff because they saw me
break a fucking seat before I was like
nope it never happened it's just a story
you came up with because you're angry
huh okay something that was really
focused
there we go it's like no one wants to
see that face something that was really
cool is that I missed my chance to get
an exclusive hands-on of XCOM 2 up in
San Francisco I didn't have time to
travel I was watching tray craziness so
they knew that I was such a big fan and
I swear it not a sponsor they were just
awesome they knew I was such a big fan
they came to the office they brought
their own giant rig gave me a hands on
of X come to for two hours and the
quickie thing I'm gonna say is oh my god
I was a big fan of enemy within I never
played the bureau 1 but oh my god it's
all the good stuff from enemy with
then plus more they let me play through
two story missions which I wasn't
allowed to record because there are a
ton of spoilers in there then I jumped
into pre saved missions that they
already had set up the customization is
a big big change in customize and add on
the weapon this is my beauty the redder
it got its name because it's red and I'm
not that great at naming things then I
made my sneaky elite soldier of course
wear bright purple and yellow and then
there's the XCOM goodness they've come
to expect except the role is feel very
reversed an enemy within you were human
beings and the release things invading
now there's this established thing
they're essentially a small rebel force
so everything starts out super sneaky
but easily easily I knew that was going
to be my new favorite thing my new
favorite things the melee class I don't
know why their games in the future my
favorite weapon are always like the
knives and the bows and killed killed
and killed and killed and rocket
launcher killed oh and there was hacking
did I mention that no I didn't because
I'm a terrible reviewer main point I
can't wait till this game comes out and
also thank you to them again for coming
out here and just fulfilling my nerdom
she that does value my being so excited
to yeah look at that thing it's awesome
burger got me a special president
usually goes I was pooping and then I
was like I wonder yeah wonder fills poop
in like okay alright so we just shot a
bunch of videos it's gonna be fun
podcast
good times sorry free quality
trip him there's Cheers
you're like Bruins get a brew it's gonna
fall it's like this is what sucks about
these things there's so much fun but as
soon as you get on one you just say the
ultimate douche accessory a half the
time I'm getting like doing video notes
I'm just on it screaming Betty but it's
yeah like if you walk down Hollywood
Boulevard it's just nothing but like
Justin Bieber backup dancers like with
these just going up and down the streets
it's like you know what good for her
gave in
don't you fall when I'm not filming a
little bit the door frames are the most
dangerous
this is how they did the Grand Theft
Auto in real life boy so you told me
that I all of a sudden was like oh I
want to try that I try to do it through
here I felt like four times trying to
follow oh let me try this say I want to
try something
not gonna happen still on baby can't
knock me off just trying to make good
video bro trying to get me off now damn
it
Christy's trying to get me off you're
trying to get me off God all right so
I'm trying to get out of here but I
heard some sleigh bells you guys
