all right so here's the plan guys gonna
run two miles then we're gonna go hang
out with the Ducks and then you're gonna
go play on the playground then we're
gonna go get dinner plan yeah so fuss
begins the first day of boys weekend
it's just me Trey my dad's also in town
I love them but that's also kind of like
me watching two babies on Sunday morning
my dad will leave Lindsay oh come in
Sunday night but I think it's gonna be I
think it's gonna be good it's a
three-day weekend otherwise known as the
amount of time the state of New York
allowed me to see my father every week
Oh
divorced children jokes main difference
between Lindsay's parenting style in my
own is a when I go to the park my son
picks up two corn cobs and chases ducks
so Trey I know Mama's not here but you
have to listen to me so yes yes say yes
yes yes yes yeah Dada Dada Dada Dada
daddy's number one daddy's number one
hey Trey can you bring that book to
Daddy you little looker
come here train give daddy the book I'll
read it
remember how that works here oh we have
to catch that car good boy bubble puppy
you caught it
mrs. Pikachu wants to thank you for by
sharing her dogs buds treats bubble
bites fuck your papa Papa's more amusing
basic tray you really hated those eggs
huh those were terrible eggs do you want
more you want yes yes more yes okay I'll
make some more
that's right you want table what are you
doing what are you to padam no don't eat
the dog anything child mom will never
forgive me okay I gotta clean that now
so I don't filmed much of a boy's
weekend but we got little man eating
breakfast Papa D blowing his nose
definitely not crying no I'm not that a
good weekend I feel like we made a good
parenting pair yeah she did good um and
now he's now he's heading to the airport
I have a full solo date with Trey I
think we're just gonna go shopping we're
gonna hit the park up again wrap a good
time have a good time
mama gets in late but then she's the
first face that he's gonna see in the
morning tomorrow see that made me feel
pumped about that I can't talk okay bye
y'all put the y'all where the hell are
my phone from the Bronx I know what are
you doing this wasn't my step oh this is
one my favorite present stuff
well yeah it'd be nice getting pictures
from you too I'm gonna turn this off and
I'm gonna say some mean shit to you Oh
Wow are you going for daddy's phone tray
do you want the mist ah and there went
the nice new shoes
Hey look feel that whoa yeah whoa yeah
hello how excited you get the tray was
like mist is great but what if I jump in
this dirty ass puddle and then what if I
got all that dirty as puddle water on
you I was like that sounds like a great
idea try and now we're just figuring out
what to do oh you're going to the mud
fine whatever I'll give you a midday
shower ha ha ha Trey where you going huh
huh
Trey where are you huh I'm here haha
run run what come on you can do it come
on run yeah yeah all right now it's time
for daddy to run at you because for some
reason that's hilarious
uh uh Trey ah oh nice nice save
Oh
