oh my god we're live that was quick as
hell thanks James for that that that
priority Wi-Fi whatever you did for me
okay guys so we're gonna put in our
better mic we just have to put it in
after we start the street we're gonna
put it in now and Luke here is gonna let
us know if it's good or not if it's good
we'll move on and get the game started
here we go does anyone explain the rules
okay so we get a black card and do a
sample the black card today on Mari help
my son is blank if I read it I'm the
judge and then everyone else has to pick
their best card from their white cards
to answer that fill in the blank and
then I choose which one makes me laugh
more other people would choose which one
is more accurate so the first person to
reach three wins wins the overall game
for asking where's the alcohol it's a
good question all about hiding it every
morning I have coffee alright okay link
high five bro my dad always that coffee
breath yes Cristi right away wait high
five bro
so aggressive mobile so if you get
motion sickness it's because of Keats
hand it's no different than a live blog
stream or whatever okay
the unstoppable tide of Islam high five
bro beloved television star Bill Cosby
erectile disfunction beloved television
star Bill Cosby yeah well done Chrissy
as the mom of five rambunctious boys I'm
no longer there are no stranger to guys
must hate watching snapchats because it
has shaky snapchat sir yeah but some
people just do it smoother cyborg from
Justice they could be great event oh wow
we need sorry mama
five rambunctious boys I'm no stranger
to penis breath the mom of five
rambunctious boys I'm no stranger to the
young you Nissan Pathfinder with 0.9 API
this makes me uncomfortable as the mom
of five rambunctious boys I'm no
stranger to my collection of Japanese
sex toys oh honey sometimes yeah yeah I
was penis breath all right Christie one
and Briana one alternative medicine is
now embracing the curative powers of
blank alternative medicine is now
embracing the curative powers of blank
rote memory power Oh
alternative medicine is now embracing
the curative powers of my bright pink
alternative medicine is now embracing
the curative powers of never having sex
again alternative medicine is gonna
embrace in the curative powers of Fox
News a bright pink listen sometimes you
just see a car to go pink stink star
whose the points who's got what points
all right everyone's gonna want except
Zach and Liz well you do have someone on
your side because Jorge Ramos sent us
$10 saying go team Stouffer's hey
Courtney
oh no but they gave me so many things
that I bring vouchers that I am still
eating all the time you seen him Britt
oh yeah it's all chicken pot pies now
they're so good I don't know yeah so
well if you'll excuse me gentlemen I
have a date with blank well if you'll
excuse me
I have a date with blank yeah that's why
I know you don't know well if you'll
excuse me gentlemen I have a date with
three dicks at the same time okay well
if you'll excuse me gentlemen I have a
date with liberals well if you'll excuse
me gentlemen I have a date
look at the white people um it's got to
be three dicks at the same time the new
Chevy Tahoe with the power and space to
take blank now someone played that
fucking Ford Pathfinder or whatever yeah
that one all right the new Chevy Tahoe
with the power and space to take African
children the new Chevy Tahoe with the
power and space to take a hungry man
frozen Christmas dinner for one
everywhere you go in the new Chevy Tahoe
with the power and space to take the
Pope everywhere you go African children
and I win we have to at least go ten
minutes so we're gonna go to
yeah we're done you only been go great
see you later guys so now is the first
of five we try again this round
she's the joke we gotta get you on the
board man Krissi's just getting some
banger cards I know I three kicks at a
time what do you mean what gives me
uncontrollable gas okay um deregulating
the mortgage market gives me
uncontrollable gas authentic Mexican
cuisine gives me uncontrolled and a
micropenis gee what James just said
point out to be true on my micropenis
basic horse racing for a lot of things
Wow for a little before you go let's get
a quick score no all right here we go
military historians remember Alexander
the Great for his brilliant use of Blanc
against the Persians very specific
period of time
guys day going you know good yeah we've
had better ones military historian
historians remember Alexander the Great
for his brilliant use of many bats
military historians remember Alexander
the Great for his brilliant use of NBA
superstar LeBron James military
historians remember alexander the great
present brilliant use of a time travel
paradox against the persians I'm gonna
go with mini bats Wow
the stick but we're just just swine
drives no pop flies in this veg bats
don't have too much time to to react
gotcha gotcha when I'm a billionaire
I shall erect a 50-foot statue to
commemorate blink I know
you wasted micropenis this was the time
don't look at the monitor guys we get
Christie get another good perfect for
the situation nothing good I mean it's
perfect
when I'm a billionaire
I shall erect a 50-foot statue to
commemorate geese a 15-foot statue to
commemorate a whole lot of woman
hell yeah
when I'm a billionaire I shall erect a
50-foot statue to commemorate the
underground the Underground Railroad
card um oh shit I have to go with a
whole lot of woman come on oh he's
pretty good oh good I next on espn2 the
world series of blank Oh ESPN to dose
the World Series if you were Donald
Trump you would choose my card that's
all right next on espn2 the world series
of tackle born this morning events on
espn2 the world series of this month's
mass shooting no mess now man map mass
shooting subtracting the audience ten
minutes next on espn2 the world series
of illegal immigrants Christie
I mean what mass shooting just be the
purge let's not make any statements
today have Christie three for three
he's left three points yeah okay she's
moved not since she won the first time a
recent laboratory study shows that
undergraduates have fifty percent less
sex after being exposed to you speaking
from experience I know it can't be
percent less sex after being exposed to
having anuses four eyes okay Nickelback
Space Jam on VHS okay yeah Nickelback
were you in his eyes oh yeah well not so
Kristi's got three of Rihanna's guy
three boys you but before I kill you Mr
Bond I must show you
bling but before I kill you Mr Bond I
must show you
damn it I just found the perfect
cordially don't curse this is a
Christian livestream
but before I kill you Mr Bond I must
show you I don't know just well it's
time to die before I kill you Mr Bond I
must show you
Congress's flaccid penises withering
away beneath their super pants we can't
have penises but before I kill you Mr
Bond I must show you a micro pig wearing
a tiny raincoat I'm not gonna make a
statement who's pulling next yes here's
the church here's the steeple open the
doors and there is blank no understand
God is watching I don't want the game to
be over Wayne I'm kind of between
between these two I mean sure let us now
Luke isn't an option freakin idiot I
love that one of them's getting caught
immediately I think that's the winning
you can tell because you see all the
show/hide showing up
bam margera here's the church here's the
steeple to open the door and there is
the violation of our most basic human
rights
here's shirt here's the steeple open the
door and there is the haunting stare of
an Iraqi child the game continued Nazis
we almost had come into Broadway this
season blank the musical coming to
Broadway this season blank the musical
reminder for she gets one more she wins
the game yeah coming to Broadway this
season pooping back and forth forever
the musical what scooping back and forth
I'm assuming you have two people but two
but and yes assuming there's an audience
so everyone's this season that's my
favorite card
coming in Broadway this season means the
musical I hate this cuz the game could
literally end hash it out I mean this
would have musical qualities moving back
and forth okay
could be musical that could keep the
tempo like a metronome yeah
bees the way they communicate is dance
it would make sense
it means a popular meme right now is
making any song with anything potato
blend darude sandstorm I mean they're
all viable options here attention real
quick recap we've got four for Christie
for for Zach Brianna how many got three
and James
losing with two all right how the tables
have turned next card guys people want
me to keep showing this is the way the
world ends this is the way the world
ends not with a bang but with brain
Jasmine oh wait no it's not it's sort of
the opposite actually
Phantom Menace no Tiger clones do you
just keep saying they're these what
would be right this is how the Mach
recei ends applause right sure okay we
go to you guys boy still deciding let's
get that one the old college try
see them around so yep I know fucking
James this is the way in the world ends
this is the way the world ends not with
a bang but with being marginalized
eating an entire snowman I'm going to
choose being marginalized because I feel
like that is not something that would
lay down I would have chosen that one
truly I promise and mind you whose
similar that yours was Falls balls the
game continues but see here's the next
kicker either Briana has a one in three
chance of making this game continue what
what they can't see that Chrissy that's
why there's a one in three chance of
this game continuing this round because
two people participating have four cards
and I have three but if we go to the
next round
two people will have four cards and one
person but if we go to the next round
that's see it that's a Briana's got a so
are the Briana or James yes possibly the
last card game possibly potentially
what's that smell what's that smell guys
no don't look at the monitors that
nobody mind I know it's buffering
sysm so why there goes the phone sorry
for that little blip guys just refresh
your pages let's try to keep this game
going oh they're back what's that smell
buffering closer to our why are you
people saying of cheating it's back to
normal
weird just refresh guys here we go
so that what's that smell being a woman
what's that smell
rock music and the premarital sex sin
what's that smell that's a Yankee Candle
my soul what was that my soul soul who's
the winner and as your prize you get to
do the outro kick it off we will be
doing this cards against humanity' but
we'll be doing this once a week for the
foreseeable future anybody anything
before we sign off and think what do you
mean yeah as a mean that's all we'll
find out in the comments below
all right guys good bye wait wait oh if
your social security number was 9
numbers what would it be
tell us now
