god oh wait I'll wait till you get back
in there gonna be fast
oh oh yeah nevermind I'm gonna start now
stop my lovelies I hope you having a
fantastic day at today I haven't done in
a little bit so we are going to do a
mail opening if you'd like to send stuff
I forgot to put the dress in the last
video put it here we'll send it here
that said let's get started
Thornton Drury from Mississippi State
hey Thornton again
I got an assload of these things and
positive people in the office will enjoy
that also here's another completely
unrelated dry I don't really want to
plug this time thanks so much for last
time it's called a flow ring slip your
hand through the flat flow rings let it
open flow along your arm transfer to
your other arm or past or friend oh my
god I don't understand what's happening
this is I don't understand this it's
just four minutes me being confused
I have never gone so fast from being
like this is a stupid fucking thing to
whoa
thank you I'm not actually that root
this one is from B n mmm B M&M the
letters not be that guy oh there's a lot
of work
it's from Vienna Casillas fine I'm one
of the co-creators of the game best
movie never made I enjoy watching guys
be so creative I'd be honored to see you
guys play my game oh this looks awesome
we will 100% play this in a future
episode we just got a new game it's a
it's red flags from the guys that just
did super fight so we're gonna be doing
those gonna throw this into the mix up I
don't find out that there's like really
creative people in the nation whether it
be with art or creating stuff like this
or or just like starting their own
little business that's awesome seriously
do it if there's ever a time that the
barrier for entry to make it on your own
it's now this one is from Julia Canada
oh then I already know I'm gonna love it
minions are my favorite other than
people that from Ireland and UK and
everywhere else that I'm gonna pander
with the
I don't want you to feel weird about
this
it's like he's got to notice yeah no I
don't know I have no words
holy crap this is like is this my size
let's see this is a weird video this is
where someone's gonna walk in but it's
just too good to pack it is perfect huh
so apparently this is right there that's
how it should have been worn this from
Etsy calm /op /faq re o is a 5% coupon
code Philly DC now you know where to get
okay we have this one from a meetin a
bee or a neat a name that's not that's
not your real name if your name is T Nev
I'm sorry look as a small thank you are
saying some treats from New Zealand hmm
oh and a Magic the Gathering Carter 5q
somebody cookies I'm gonna pass these
out thank you so much this one's from
Canada again k and go Gliese dingo good
I'm so sorry
hey dude flavor you put this on I
already did are you missing you missed
the show I missed the show let's see hey
Phil I been a long fan I've watched from
the beginning and drew this on an app
called french girls the project was draw
your favorite youtuber that's it
Thank You Man is actually sick where's
that one for you Jonathan quemic left me
got the finger size jeans likkle one
come on there you go here we go Zen hey
cuz I make you feel like you want to be
the very best like no one ever was
yeah play with my pokeballs Phil Oh
Mikey Hey Oh what's what's up bro
nothing happened
I'm not boy big but like bucks this one
is from Zach Danny what we cobble from
Cleveland Ohio that made blankets for
myself and Trey oh that's cool that's
cool one
thank you this is awesome if you don't
know oh you can they're these this is an
awesome like home project if you think
making something for like a family
member you get two pieces of cloth you
cut the end you do the little twist
thing this is awesome thank you this is
treason I love this
whoever's wrapping that automatically
gets called buddy hey pal you sticking
in there sticking in there pal thanks
for that did you uh you crush that buzzy
oh this is from the University of
Central Florida it's a graduation
announcement wow that's awesome
whose graduation announcement prang and
a letter I just want to say well take a
moment to say thank you it's things like
your show vlog DeFranco vlog that
inspire people like me to do great
things I started watching your way back
and the Dane Cook days it was a way to
unwind but you think but seeing you
chase your dreams made me want to chase
mine I wanted to thank you for helping
me reach this huge milestone of
graduating with a badass wait your
penmanship is literally only a tiny bit
better than mine I wanted to say thank
you for helping me reach this big
milestone of graduating with a badass
bachelor's in accounting PS saw the
political monkey stickers because they
are awesome one this means the world to
me thank you congratulations I love your
face and to the reason we don't sell the
political monkey shirts and logos and
stuff no shit and I wish it wasn't the
case when we did the RNC the Republican
National Convention and I think was
early 2012 people thought it was an anti
Obama shirt and extremely racist and so
that pretty much scrap that so all that
said that is gonna do it for this mail
time thank you to everyone that sent
stuff of course if you want to send
stuff next time send it here I'm gonna
let it accrue over Christmas most likely
that said thank you to everyone that
sent stuff it's a it's good to just kind
of have that connection and all sorts
you never know really where it's gonna
go I mean the fact that uh this is a
thing that's happening do a spin
spin who's gonna have to edit this video
which one do you love you bastards but
guys it's really thank you and I mean
not only for watching but for sending
stuff
this wouldn't be a video on this channel
unless you guys dissipated so thank you
I love your faces and remember to have a
great fucking day
