whose presents myk's oh I wish you would
what are you saying no the other side no
that's that side that's decide to be
showing I wish that you would stop
that's what I said stop okay okay this
is this is a catch-up plug okay I'm
being honest with you we've been playing
games we've been doing stuff life has
been happening but here's a bunch of
stuff that I've been recording and I
want to talk about one William Haynes I
consider you an employee and Walter you
are an employee I consider you also a
friend and as a friend I want to let you
know you are a pretty pretty princess
but you need to stop taking professional
looking photos anytime the light looks
good actually never mind I love this
picture of you on a motorcycle that you
definitely definitely do not ride I know
you're not embarrassed I like that
you're like what it's eight o'clock in
the morning time to pose in front of
some some sweet-ass
sunrise light it just happens
No you don't love Darrin like there's
probably a problem
wired somebody started a podcast look
Phil I mean they're in the back I was
like honestly I can't tell if he's gonna
threaten me
or if he's gonna say I are doing the
fucking podcast game right now don't try
to get into this shit cuz I'll ruin you
then this week we experienced what was
it was Roberto Burle equivalent of a
death in the family and that was this
one that's an error screen I have never
seen my entire life it looks like what
would happen if you punched it and like
this is like ma the dirty export or oh
my god
whoa had you already exported or no Mac
we hardly knew ye and then too was more
traumatizing and then what Steve's
mustache Steve what does it feel like do
not have that mustache it's it's
actually super cold cold my lip I would
say I don't feel I feel like if you want
the opposite you just had the mustache
would be creepy yeah just my role but
that would yeah that would be like sex
offender this this so I feel like you
you you're gonna want to sell me
something and I just don't want it yeah
and also if I came up to you in the
street I think you'd I wouldn't go the
other no I think that I just I feel like
you look like as a mere version of your
already existing yeah it's just a little
crazier what is it it's called Hugh fat
men fan just in time for some movie I've
never heard of in my entire life for
legal reasons star made this set of
leggings that it looks like glow sticks
with handles so we did a quickie photo
shoot for the gram the sad thing is you
don't get to keep it I'm sorry oh
whatever
I would I'd go to the dark side so fast
there's kind of a neutral like there's
like like it's like just wouldn't it be
cool make one or will be a Jedi okay Ben
we got to see Krampus and interview Adam
Scott so we're about to watch Krampus
Steve's here Phil you sign your name
also three is over there but oh I was
like whoa we've got some awesome like
crazy oh it's a pretzel
it's a pretzel Steve in a second I'm
about to turn this video camera vertical
and you do umbria get into a fight
oh world Scott yeah you say it's
supposed to go 30 minutes but if he
likes us it'll go 10 more I like that
it's like if you stop is like okay I
have to go I would have feel shitty
about myself and now it's gonna be like
it I imagine this is like being on a
date did you leave Santa
some churros and finally the last thing
is 95% of the reason I even owned one of
those stupid little Rolly hoverboard not
hoverboard things isn't a right it is
fun to ride but it is way more fun to
watch people ride it for the first time
Danny you just have to trust yourself
1 2 1 2
so I Exodus just I'm not gonna go
anywhere with it but it's
my heart and when you do when you get
off you want to step off backwards
otherwise you stop I am NOT a part of
this one huh it's good it's caught up
sometimes you just get that little bit
of excess I find such a dirty thing I'm
like yeah consider this video like the P
you take after you you know finish
sexual intercourse I have to get out of
my system otherwise is buildup maybe I
get a UTI and you're drinking cranberry
juice everyone knows why you're drinking
cranberry juice sidenote
cranberry vodka is a delicious drink I
don't appreciate people thinking I have
a UTI even though I'm talking about
anymore anyway but the non-weird final
do I want to make in this video is
between Christmas and January 4th
there's gonna be a lot of words with
friends would you rather is just stuff
with me and a bunch of my buddies we're
filming out at ton of them this week
because from Christmas to January 4th
I'm taking my parents on a cruise my my
dad my stepmom it's their first vacation
in like 18 years this is a Christmas
present we're taking them we're taking
Lindsey's mom and her stepdad everyone's
gonna get a couple time they're gonna
get baby time they're gonna get
relaxation we're gonna be jet ski
everything we're gonna put out those
videos so I can still be a part of your
life my extended family for like 25
minutes I'll probably just be drunkenly
at the pool reading your your hopefully
very nice and non mean comments but that
said of course as always remember I love
yo faces and have a great fucking day
