okay because you guys like the last
video so much I'm guessing because
literally we're wearing the same clothes
as episode number one we're just going
to do some more would you rather
questions it's just if you want to join
it's either IO and there's a bunch of
would you rather questions I'm with Papa
to Franco he he spurred me into this
world 30-plus years ago well 31 years
actually first question would you rather
I want a pocket-sized giraffe or own a
pocket-sized elephant wow I'm glad that
we're starting way lighter than last
time I was like I like elephant elephant
elephant yeah because they're like you
it would be like having with a really
smart tiny adorable dog yeah they say
elephants are so smart giraffe is just
this here's the thing pocket sized
giraffe at some point that necks getting
broken I can't hold on to a fucking
iPhone yeah it's pretty it seems like
there's way more responsibility to fuck
exciteder it a little chubby guy come on
exactly yeah I like that okay let's see
so we're going pocket-sized elephant Wow
way more split maybe maybe there are
other perks too pocket-sized giraffe on
that they go okay would you rather have
the ability to rewind you with previous
time in your life or have the ability to
fast-forward will suit your time in your
life yeah I mean the thing that's weird
right
not to get too nerdy on you I feel like
you'd only be able to relive it I feel
like because if you had the ability to
go back in time and change it then you
create a paradox because then you change
the the circumstances to which a point
you would never have gotten to the point
where you be able to go back in time
thus time would explode or you've
created an alternate timeline where you
don't exist in the first one I like that
you're just like yes the science it
doesn't like us might does see and say
because my thought is a hundred percent
going back in time we're having Apple
and Microsoft drawn whatever dollars
either from any what if you can't change
anything
I probably said go back I think I'd
still go back you'll see my mom I'm
eventually gonna get to the future well
but if you go to the Future right
technically I mean maybe it kind of
suffers from that same problem but maybe
you could see something and then try to
avoid that thing but if he did change it
then yeah you're doing the same thing
creating different timeline because you
would never seen never seen the future
you don't know where you would go you
just go into a random point if you could
go to Mass you have in mind several
different things that you would like to
go back to you know what this is
actually I would i 100% would go back in
time because Lindsey my wife has a far
better memory than me and she'll be like
you said this and I'ma be like let's
let's you let's go it's just a glorified
it's a glorified past life Google like
let's see what you said wrong mama 13
good why not make it real and sad I got
a real insect so have the ability rewind
to a previous time in your life is
overwhelmingly than a decision let's see
we there we go would you rather be a
famous homosexual professional athlete
or be an actor instead or a sexual
average person I don't know nothing of
Fame are there gonna be like I'm not
huge on dicks in my mouth but no just
does it make a difference to me either
way and if you're gay you're not gay
that doesn't here's the thing right I
think that you see famous as happy not
necessary but a heterosexual average
person once again
are you happy I think that either of
these work for me I feel like it's just
to me it's an old type of question
doesn't know anything
come on just just say that you want the
Dixon move it's okay it's 2015
and they'll let you hit a baseball if
there's a exactly maybe it's a football
I think I would love the average thing
the average thing scares me right
because I feel like I've lived a life
that's very like average
ends up being bad right average right
but I feel like one I think the idea of
being I when I was a kid I either want
to sing or want to play sports
professionally so if I gotta take some
dicks we're gonna take some dicks to hit
a home run at Yankee Stadium that's what
I'm doing that's right I'm sucking suck
dick
that's how Jeter got on the TI no one
talks about that here we go most people
would rather just be a heterosexual
average person you think so
well yeah because it says like I mean I
said it's a no question because to me it
doesn't make a difference if I was
because if I was gay and I am Who I am
I would be happy yeah if I'm straight
I'm straight do you feel like you've
come a long way like since like the kind
of thinking from like when you're a kid
well I grew up in gangs it was I was
racist yeah against Puerto Rican well we
had quota Ricans and blacks so it wasn't
like I knew it Muslims would and have a
clue they weren't out your radar - he
loved the white people lived with
Italians Jews and Irish basic okay you
know no random shit around sometimes
like a Russian dude Avakian guy yeah the
ones they were white skinned they were
comfortable in the neighborhood but I'm
telling you shit I've seen like a black
family just trying to do better for
themselves
no bent fifth floor walk-up you know
they're already signed the lease they're
moving in their beds going up the stairs
all of a sudden here comes the mattress
burning out the fifth floor window and
we're just waiting to see if someone
else is going to follow this so all it
is is either you're scared and you move
away or you don't want to leave you're
next so this is what I grew up in the
bow that mentality was so locked into
everyone so when do you think that you
didn't think like that anymore I think
it took my kids and barely friends yeah
hmm yeah because see you started like
buddy boy Oh Spanish kids I mean they're
little kids yeah to me that was there
was no races there because kids were
kids and then I kid like you viewer
Spanish boy down the bluff and you guys
would get together you about the same
age two years old play and then I meet
the woman because I've husband work good
guy I wasn't a fan of his at all he was
mouthy and handsy with her and I took
you to PS 8 up there on Bainbridge
Avenue nancherla Parkway and you too
little to climb the monkey bars what
have you guys on the swing gave her a
break I take care of her cat you mmm and
you know that was it so like with the
kids though does it just make you feel
like people are people trying to live or
what do you would at what made you not
so filled with rage because I know that
rage is like I feel like a hard thing to
get rid of yeah it's a kid the kids all
kids are innocent yeah you know if they
feed from their parents which almost
every kid does
that's where racism most racism comes
from the way they think of people these
days is shit specifically fertilizer
because I feel like there's like
potential for life and growth because of
it but it could also just fucking blow
up you know and it just it just it's
just a matter if like someone lights it
or if someone nurtures that energy I
think that's that's and that's a
positive note to end on I think this is
another children intact I think they
don't like your children up and blow up
like that's not but guys thanks thanks
again for another of course if you want
more of this weirdo you can follow them
on Twitter at de Papa or twitch.tv slash
Papa DeFranco plays explain destiny or
some other weird crap oh yeah so there
was that I love your faces I hope you're
having a good one and of course as
always have a great fucking day
