stop don't touch me there these are my
nono squares
um Audrey taught me an anti rape song
and she's like this is what you sing
when you're in the playground oh I got
that Siri I guess I understand stop
you're beautiful bastards oh my god I
just went from zero energy to all the
energy yeah ah so today we're gonna play
would you rather using a site we found
the other day with my dad today with me
is the stupid the worst Reynes golly
oh yeah radio stolidity I got so excited
haha you know how would you rather is
work I know how would you rather work
what is this exactly that gotcha
so you're you're a pro now are you ready
yeah first question would you rather
have a set of twins or quadruplets no
it's two sets of twins Oh
so four babies at once oh or two two
times I'm about the size of four babies
at once so I don't know it's like every
book that can come out I was like
Randall you're not oh no you were
probably all right can they be like
super premature can I get like little
preemie quadrant you're like what if we
risk the children's hell yeah whatever -
small vagina
yeah fake for my oh man I wish there was
like a reign of Aegina joke but it I
can't quite get to it I guess two sets
of twins cuz there needs to be like a
recovery time with a lot of kegels like
kegels
well here's the thing they're not coming
in like side-by-side yeah there's
there's a big little baby you okay yeah
there's a canal and it goes boom boom
right okay no matter what I'm fated to
have four kids right that's what it is
yeah but also for four kids at once it's
a little bit like puppies just a bunch
of them like all together yeah at least
what the twins even like you guys you
guys yeah I'm gonna have to go with
chooses to shoot at the 22 Moo then
for I think I think for her sake I'm
gonna say quadruplets but I like to pick
is the person with me is cancer so have
two set of twins Wow Wow majority know
what you don't want every place that
also makes sense
oh my answer is terrible because all of
a sudden imagine going from where you
are to the financial responsibility of
for other human being extras that's so
many things yeah would you rather and
never be able to feel emotions or never
be able to express emotion never be able
to express them I want to feel stuff I
like feeling stuff okay even when it's
like sad yeah I get it and I feel like
it's an important component um but never
being able to express it I think is okay
or maybe that would ruin a lot of
interpersonal relationships like cuz you
can't or you can't empathize but they
don't know but you can't express it I
gotta go never Express I want to feel
stuff you want to be dead inside I want
to be I'm already dead inside I can't be
more that inside are you though
yeah I'm not I'm sometime like how are
you so good so I never be able to
express emotion yeah it's gotta be
majority we were so basic wait address
yeah I know that's what are there here
we go
would you rather chop off your own arm
already starting off bad or chop off a
complete strangers arm but they come
back to kill you in 30 years I'm like
how old am I'm 30 I'd be 60 that's a
good life I'd love to live 30 years of
two-armed life cuz then the technology
is not there for for really solid to
like one on one hand yeah like they make
controllers they do it but it's like
there's a difference but you but will
they certainly kill you like we have a
chance here okay so you just you take
those extra thirty years need as you arm
up yes I do nothing but range I like I
go hard
I do the Adrian peers inside where you
don't count until it starts to hurt oh I
think about like you're just beat your
children we treat your children until
they defend you um I'm gonna have to go
chop off complete strangers arm I get
back to Killian I agree with that I
agree with those boom majority again
states so basic and normal here we go
would you rather save the world but
nobody knows or save the world but died
as hero in the process
I'm all
I don't know such an ass I want this
because I want to be the chosen one
um but world-saving and not being the
face of the heroes kind of even more
sexy in heroic I don't know man
see here's the thing I'm gonna the world
as it is today maybe not worth saving
but if I die saving the world as a hero
maybe I could be the beacon that
everyone's like this guy died for us
that will literally only work for about
a month everyone like Bruce Willis saved
the world no one gave a shit a year
later right right they had like they had
a ceremony they named a school after him
and then I can go fuck yourself right
thanks thanks guy oh shit
so that's what I would do I would hope
that I would be a beacon but also
terrible stress for my son that's
impossible to live up to I just save 7
billion plus people what are you gonna
do he's an artist he like he likes
painting ok ok the studio art on there
oh man
oh yeah I'm a dick I wanna die as a hero
I want everybody to go over here oh hey
there's nothing bad with having an ego
oh we did it what we did it dude no this
is great what does it say about us uh
that we're not liars that we're not
actually I mean there's also the the
greedy aspect of you get to live right
that's that's a positive but but it
would frustrate me so much because I'm
like I saved your ass we're not treating
motors of that you're dead it's done
well yes if you're dead you're fine it's
whatever are you are you are you saying
that you're looking down for Bevan yeah
I'm like oh whoa wait but this you get
to survive right yeah oh we get to
survive
nobody knows no that's bullshit I want
people to know see I would be social I
would I would be so sad that if Heaven
and Hell turned out to be real and then
I saved everyone but I still went to
hell for like he's like you masturbated
too many times and I'm like no rational
number he's like what special number
that's danger what's also terrifying
right think of I don't know about ladies
I don't know
ladies but uh like how many times is a
person do it in their entire life
let's see well you when you're in high
school you're on my turbo mode right so
how many times is that three are you
saying that's three times a day yeah
right so breakfast lunch and that's it
and that's all my readers yeah okay so
that's a lot okay wait so three times at
least a thousand a year and then so four
thousand four years and then it gets a
little bit lesser because you're a
little bit busier in college you're a
little bit too drunk you kind of want to
bang other stuff not your hands you know
I was I won the best debate but I was
way too drunk way too drunk can't do
that I've no idea I were just doing this
yeah it wasn't working so I cut that
number down to like half maybe even a
third all right so now you're down to
one time a day yeah
what is the lady equivalent of this do
you think uh-oh I was doing the lady oh
that is the lady so so that's why that's
actually why it takes so long for women
in the bathroom that is anybody mean
that has to be able to reverse what beam
by that's it
are you going up and down is that your
way I was going circular circular like
your teeth yeah like your teeth you know
how you brush your teeth
Sam just do that well that's gonna be
the end of this one so the main point of
this story is a have a great fucking day
