but she's listening to music to her
crotch where's that new iPhone that new
technologies get just getting smaller
and smaller so have you heard about
anything about this game no you have no
idea what honey Papa's alright so just
don't play it alright so might my little
sister who said that my dad should play
this game we are going to just continue
my game from forever ago
and I just want I want you to experience
it with me it's a game that's all about
going on dates hooking up with ladies
trying to bang some fairies no yeah so
this is Jessie Jessie's a fun time she
she's down for drinks in the middle of
the day okay I haven't played this game
in months I remember that she she'd
dropped at high school I hate this these
are panties from the girls that we've
slept with because obviously when you
sleep with girls you hold on to their
panties forever you know that's that's
why I wasn't allowed into that one
closet when I was growing up I already I
already asked her on a date fuck I
fucked this up sorry dad you don't get
to bang the fairy with me so now you
want to give her drinks because it makes
everything you say that much more
effective just like in real life now
you're never really in real life you
don't want to get rid of this my drinks
this close together that's an easy way
to get thrown up on I spend it on
luxuries for my girlfriend you're an
empty shallow person yeah she loves it
what's your type pups couple of my
drinks I feel like I'm learning stuff I
don't want to know about you knows you
turned 40 you never have sex again
you're not a human person okay so it
turns into like a bejeweled game right
it's weird
through a trainer roofie your basic no
we're not roofie at anybody
this is consensual but bedazzled
bejeweled sex stuff obviously Sabrina's
life you should be playing this day
that's why I was like my sister said
this to you yes that's concerned angry
oh all right so the date was successful
and now potentially something happened
so this is this is this is gonna be a
bonding experience does your little
friend wanna come and visit me
she knows oh you got jokes
you think you've got jokes here let me
help you here let me up the volume boy
your daughter is watching probably a
grown man play this game how you feeling
right now you feel uncomfortable the
video game with your son in the room
you're big you're creeping me out man oh
no dad turn your eyes turn your gaze
look this is going to slow I'm out of
practice this never happens to me I
think we did it yes this is like the
whole game I underestimated you last
night I usually have to fake it
good to know why are you a fan of a
banana one cuz you're a fan of potassium
yeah it was she's listening to music to
her crush where's that new iPhone that
new technologies get just getting
smaller and smaller what does this pose
say she's trying to say wish my panties
were wider to cover like that's what you
saying no I'm trying to teach some
decency in here like you need to read
eighths before they get naked is it what
are you talk decency like you followed a
rule like that when you were gonna say
that I followed anything you're a dirty
pervert your planes gonna be your son
I'm a victim of anime crutch three
people a year die from anime crotch Co
you should come in from a yoga class
don't worry you won't be doing this I'll
take it easy for a beginner she's a
sinner this is why you shouldn't send
nude pictures I want to show everybody
hey nipple we're gonna go hang out with
Lola tonight we're gonna try and we're
gonna try and hook up with a stewardess
you ever do that I have only ever slept
with and loved one woman even you
Phillip we're an accident I don't even
know how you're here what do you feel
like
I can't think now you weirded me out
Oh boobies five bucks I believe it's
thanks dad thanks I'm trying I'm trying
to go as fast as I can
you making it weird her than it is huh
yeah okay that's what's happening
panties now get out I'm gonna have
breakfast and not think about you were
100% gotta get weirded out what I failed
to do was make you uncomfortable and now
you've just like now you've just
questioning my sister wait is it now
back to your point Oh anytime I see
flexibility I'm like a job that took
work okay all right well I just
experienced that with my father for
better or worse I feel like I got
something in there there's a lot of
footage the main point is the main point
I love you faces great fucking day
