you lasted like six minutes it's it's my
personal best
my personal best it's a good time
fetish meet a lot of them I'm really
blanking now notice anything you guys
knew what I was thinking it is fetish
poles fetish Oh thoughts X it goes balls
balls penis cock they got you lost right
right yeah so when you think sex you
think penis no he said yes like a pee
fetish or a private finish pee beans no
cuz P is just P or I guess you gotta go
pee pee sometimes but then you can say
like that's a pee pee and like that's my
pee pee that doesn't answer my question
there's so many fetishes you could have
a fetish for anything
I'm sure you could type in cellphone
porn do you ever find girls like you got
a pet I mean I mean naturally give me a
whisper I like you know what she like oh
you like when girls boys I gotta make it
fetish you didn't have to say it on the
camera
someone's tweeted me saying that pay my
$150 just a normal part of my feet no I
got that on tumblr people like I they
pote they asked me and they're like
please just send me one picture your
feet and then they're like please I'm
asking so nicely please send me a photo
of your feet and I'm like oh yes nicely
I really mean you're not being creepy
about it anymore I guess I could know
you love telling everybody that you
slack I've never been to a party where
you didn't bring up the shit I'm like
can we cut to a clip when he fucking put
me on blast with my elbows being dry and
shoo it away Newsome Keith cut to a clip
damn look how ashy your goddamn elbow is
I can start a fire on this son of a
bitch now did we have to tell like God
bitch you even know they put that in the
video I can say some more shit no they
don't just calm down
Barrett who gave in my head I was just a
voice shit you guys on that Kanye juice
before you came out you want this bitch
yes
glam sweeties sweat I like how every
question we bring back
it's really you and I don't know what to
say it's a challenge swish ah you know
what I actually thought Oh hmm swept
baby swim baby sexes of Texas jut knee
and you do the kind of stuff that only
princess sing about so put your hand
down my pet and I bet you feel nuts
right so it's a bloodhound game so oh
yeah um a baby ain't nothing but mammals
so let's do it like they do on the
Discovery Channel
hey grunting my discovery digital
networks it's work oh don't do this to
me soda hey oh oh I haven't had that one
yet
you see that's the shit that I messed
that Phil DeFranco I felt the Franco
trying to catch us huh I catch me
squirtle the Pokemon which is g-rated
which is something that kids play and
it's a good it's a at squirtle pok√©mon
evolves into what's the middle one
wartortle wartortle and and blasters
it's blaster is my answer vagina is my
use orgasm
let it out let it know suggestion yes I
made her squirt no I've never made a
girl squirt but I'm trying really squirt
jobs I'm into a squirt job Darrin you've
done everything Darrin's back ratted
barren is lying skip that that bear has
done this move there's done the penguin
reverse twist all right listen
five bucks for a handjob 15 for a squirt
job you ready let's do this
why am I the worst we're both Foursquare
Falls Oh No is that the face you make
when you do squirrel you lasted like six
minutes it's it's my personal best yoga
that's a good time I've done that and
even the Swiffer
this is my favorite when you tonic I
haven't tried this one I guess because
when you're doing this one and then you
also did you try to dilly Rosa the dilly
Rose is my favorite show on the daily
run okay
Lily Rose is you take her arm
it's definitely a surprise when that
happens where you forgot the spit I
didn't want to spit yeah but let's let's
demonstrate mmm
you're mad about
