sup you beautiful bastards today since
Papa DeFranco is in town I figured that
I would whore the hell out of him since
he was here because I we don't get to do
a bunch of the like some of my favorite
videos are like when I'm in Tampa and we
do the Q&A s so rather than doing just
an open Q&A to the to the donation I
want to play a game of would you rather
so here's the first question
boom okay would you rather leave your 90
year old grandmother in the car on a hot
day with the windows up or leave your
dog in the car on a hot day with the
windows rolled up both windows up yes my
daughter closed what my grandmother all
right here yeah hear me out I'll hit you
up okay
I feel like we both know grandmother
situations where you like but what if
they didn't yell all the time it
Thanksgiving
I still like you should walk down the
block to find astray I can't walk down
the block to find somebody's grandmother
we could find someone's grandmother but
my grandmother my answer is correct they
say say my grandmother any day that my
best dog that I love so much my
grandmother every day any time anything
but now I know what you're talking about
but I also and that person I would
definitely you in there for a while but
I have to say when he's got it I gotta
be this job still the dog cuz I do I
don't want to kill that any person I
feel like I feel like the question see
in my heart all right so we're gonna
we're gonna choose the dog thing you
hate animals great to know 5050 I
respect these people here next question
you ready
gotta get prepped would you rather break
your leg or break your arm I have broken
arm sucked I had to put like the stupid
a bag over it fracture is never a full
break your body never quit on you your
body was like no not today
there is no focus my left arm I'm good
you know well I mean in that case I was
lucky hello I broke my left arm I was a
teenager I would I would have been
I would been on the bench my never I got
best masturbatory years of my life
that's right yeah yeah but it screw it
I'm I appreciate I know Billy as far as
important for me yep most people agree
with you all right here we go third one
would you rather kiss a hobo or lick
someone's dirty feet okay so hobo I
might get high yes I feel like it would
actually be safer to lick someone's
dirty feet the mouth like if you will
put any amount of research in is one of
the most disgusting things in the world
I'm thinking there's no such thing as
toe herpes I know you're kissing that
hobo he's come out so you're gonna say
I'm saying feet but you say hobo Wow Wow
that's insane all right here we go next
one would you rather get caught cheating
or catch your partner cheating here is a
murder everybody you know me yeah oh you
I think I would rather catch my partner
cheating I feel like because then
because I'm still good with me that
person I feel like people that cheat I
feel like people that cheat it's because
they're so fucking lost as who they are
as people or they're like they somehow
put themselves in a situation like I
like that I'm Mary it's not true
I think so that's 100 sheep because
there's something that I don't right
which I think not be aggressive just
don't talk dirty to me this don't
whatever right but this is here this is
triple B D whatever you want to call but
you'll be this is the forbidden truth we
all we all want the forbidden fruit
right so but it would rather be me
getting caught going oh all right I'm an
independent wrong
try to cover my tracks see if I could
fix what I screwed up okay with cheating
partner I ain't fixing that right that's
done that's over well why should she
why should she try and fix it when
you're sticking your dick over here well
this is just my guess is Who I am
somewhere along the line shit happens
things go stale whatever I have no idea
if there's a thing to do with your show
at the moment no you're good and the
thing is you're here like me I'm married
22 years mm-hmm
am I gonna touch that tail am I gonna
really throw away 20 dead girl face care
of me she does everything yeah my
stepmom is like the best person I've
ever met I love you oh she knows he goes
but I'd rather you not cheat on me maybe
ring really I would take but maybe mate
I mean it's all right Rita you might get
a pass I think dad's giving you a pass
sex because she's never done wrong all
right I'm gonna I'm gonna call Ricky
Martin I'll be like yo could you be
straight just for like one day my
stepmom needs it no I'm sure she's got a
list of names all right so we're locking
in your official answer as get caught
cheating media let's see what people say
whoa I see cuz I think I wouldn't fuck
in I would hate well one I think if I
tree that I hate myself as a person I
think like just be here's the thing
here's the thing everyone's different I
love you I'm not judging you for any
decision you've made over the course of
your entire life
yes right people make mistakes but I
think that if I cheated on the mother of
my child my wife my like the woman
that's had my back I would I would do it
in like a moment of like insecurity and
then I'd want to kill myself I very much
think that I know I never want to have
to go through that I'm able to live with
yourself very well but I just know in
that circumstance me catching me walking
in something I mean I know me so I lose
that and lose the control of everything
in
something bad in a hammer and chances
ours it's icy I'm the guy that knows
different I'm not gonna say what are you
doing sleeping with my wife excuse me
sir he's just a mobile dick exactly he's
a dick he's gonna use me I don't pay I
would have no focus on the guy at all
uh-huh it would be right to my partner
it would be you did this you fuck
anything well you you know and that
would be and that's where I lose control
cause it's like I love you but I want to
murder you at the same very moment I
don't know which one wins so you better
just hope this isn't something I think
about in the videos you better hope
nobody around you dies since then now
this video could be used as evidence
oh but guys that's gonna be it for this
first video if you liked it give us give
us that like love let us know on Twitter
Papa is at date Papa on Twitter go
stream twitch TV so Franco no Papa -
Franco plays and then yeah if you liked
it let us know and I'll include a part
two and number two for this also
question to you would you rather get
caught cheating or catch your partner
cheating and I love know in the comments
down below also your reasoning but that
said I love you face is another great
fucking day
is that your thing I don't have a great
fucking day thank you for a million
people I talked to it's 3.5
