Hey yeah what do you need man I'll do
I'll do pretty much anything for a 15
dude just 15 dollars oh I'll lick your
ear
just come on dude you just I know you're
into it that's cool it's just a one-time
thing doesn't make you gay
that's so weird is that comfy is that a
winner are you gonna use that in your
bachelor pad oh you want to see the
balloon don't you
I only cuz I love you let's do this
balloon so today Lindsey is exhausted
tired we decided runs come through
Thanksgiving
haha
this is the new reason why so Franco
logo is it chef
Missouri on the second rung before I saw
you then
look at him climbing go Trey
I'm just gonna do it I'm just kidding hi
apneas Trey buddy oh he's at the top
Trey you're doing it buddy let your dad
look at you
Trey look at you
ah yes so terrifying it's ready to be so
proud and terrified at the same time
hey Trey how dizzy are you right now oh
no don't be dizzy and then go let's see
if the games are in the lower bag oh
good
I can't Wow no I'm sure why why'd you
put yourself in here did you do
something bad and you're trying to atone
huh
be honest what you do what are you in
here for baby prison escape okay it's
okay
all is forgiven coz you went back into
baby jail busy lady busy lady so last
night we set up a tree today cleaned up
the living room kitchen I've been
working in here so it's still a little
bit dirty but I'm also going to make
some dinner best way to make dinner for
your loved one search super easy quick
food but I'm waiting until Trey gets up
so I can take him to the store on the
way back we're going to go to the park
then right near the end should I go over
I'll cook dinner every now and then
Eva's got to win some husband points
okay Trey you want to see a magic trick
Abra Cadabra it's a very slow magic
trick daddy's all defense
alright ray take a piece and then throw
it whoa hey go take that check daddy
daddy's not a duck no no no so yeah so
you take it they got me on the throne
last one buddy that cool buddy what was
that can you repeat after the camera oh
it's so much so I had a change of plans
I realized I was gonna be able to get
Trey fed and I want Eve another package
so we went to pizza wrap
yeah yeah which turns out like what 80
percent of the staff watches well I
think they mainly watch you me yeah like
woven Franko fam one person said that a
Franko fan which is a nice way of saying
I find you really annoying but your
son's cute enough for me to bear you
being in the videos every now and then
oh yeah
