eyebrows eyebrows eyebrows I Brad all
weekend he was saying you're all you
said you're all fleek not you're on
please you're all fleet my dad thought
he was so funny who he's like you're all
fleet your eyebrows are on fleek letter
me at Darrin Baumgartner cream and a
reminder and a retweet my new music
video don't put down the cut key we
don't want to look desperate out here
you hear me I'm desperate G don't make
me go in that room I know where you live
retweet my shit please shoot no but what
I'm gonna say puff like Jigglypuff Bodie
Oh way jiggle did you just add that you
never look out of that know you you
fucking liar jiggles there Amanda knew I
love me some booty tits
I like boobs mmm I'm gonna change it to
ass yes and I was taken oops
let's go say bye why should I go say hey
I want to switch it to bot jigger Bob
jiggle your box gonna take a much good
no jiggle my are sex robots gonna take a
bottle baby girl when you jiggle mm-hmm
Monday French now when I come down to
the jiggle I want jigglers and non
jiggly they come together what Martin
Luther King is rolling his grave three
satellites name is boon dr. Volkow
they're you know we should get her easy
there's greasy and shit after that
goddamn fuck Donald activator I wish I
hadn't told you with that silky hair you
and hair
well hey greasy hair the pulp fiction
here and I meant like cuz he was in
Greece
Gracie lightning I'm gonna go breezy
live burning down oh no no no frizzy
letters go frizzy London in the bathroom
when you do your hair do your shit it's
real bad it smells real bad look at me
when I'm talking to you I'm over here
obviously greasy anywhere else you go
greasy sandwich
yeah greasy burger Gracie car parts
greasy spoon greasy streets from oil
slicks please man key you don't think
Michael Jackson had to use this curl
activator shit remember what Michael
Jackson's back on fire I've been waiting
for that shit to happen I was so funny
what's next shallow grave me you only
wanna see his vagina Donna we're on a
bad word string it's not my fault
