wait wait I want to bring em all back up
to speed right right where this
conversation starts fuck you
high school is not the best years of
your life I said I had a good time okay
you can't say you didn't have a little
like a little fun in high school I
didn't exist in high school I was I was
dear friends I had some French but it
was College was the best time I made the
best out of what is whatever the works
person over everyone I know needs to
hate high school we're the misfits that
found ourselves on the interwebs yeah
one of us what it's salmon mixed with
some stuff that's it's all so have you
ever had sushi before it all you know if
that green stuff in
oh no no no us on there - man
just grab my motherfucking yeah yeah
that's just bad with Yoji all right well
yeah wow that didn't bother you so I
think there's also I think it might have
been also been like some I put too much
I love it when it makes me feel in your
mouth feels like some rice and some
goopy shit it's not great
just swallow this top chewy we go baby
steps baby steps don't you eat the rest
of the wasabi one shot so today I just
downloaded an app called architecture of
radio it's not a sponsor it was an
augmented reality app that wasn't
available for public consumption until
just a few days ago and so I wanted to
test it out just download it and I
should be able to see waves and signals
from satellites routers cell towers so
let's see play I said I literally just
downloaded it open what in the hell
Wow whoa so those those like pointy
triangle things or cell towers so if the
Wi-Fi router is a true thing wow I can
see some over there yeah and then
there's I see the little red dot of the
main one it's hiding there in the
background whoa yeah let's lead me right
to it the router is right
look at ya just look at that isn't that
insane that just all around us that that
is that's happening and we don't we
don't see it there's just so much that
we don't see and it's everything we rely
on and then oh wow now I'm getting sound
and that's happening all around me look
at all of these all of these computers
just setting setting off everything and
nope
it sees the router up there holy crap
isn't that crazy right so you see this
big room and we put paint and we put we
put furniture everywhere but every
single one of these devices is accessing
anything else in the world just through
the air and then through wires I mean we
live at a time that like all of that is
normal but that's amazing that it's easy
there's so much shit that we use in our
daily lives that you and I will never
fully understand how that it even works
how it's made thanks to globalization
and all these parts and pieces from
everywhere it's amazing
don't be afraid Christy the aliens mean
well anyways I would just take this as
your your daily friendly reminder to
just embrace the position that you're in
even if it seems bad and on that note I
love your faces and remember to have a
great fucking day
