well yo how are you today Phil so great
you're looking great Phil you got your
hair done
your skin's looking spreche you know
Villa I feel really bad why I messed up
sure so Monday was bubble day okay
national bubble day and I didn't do
anything for it so I feel really bad
everybody was like Joe what about the
bubbles you know do anything for bubble
day I did a little research today on
that figure today we're gonna celebrate
bubble day Oh God found someone by the
name of Bobby's bubbles and he makes
bubbly water
Bobby's bubbles yeah and I heard he has
fruits and he's just like a bubble
scientists praise the thing you're
making up Phil I swear to god it's real
I think it's a thing you made he has
like a website and everything
yeah and I'm paying out of pocket for
this Phil I had a pocket he charges 150
an hour why don't you just give all
these Lacroix drinkers just some more
Lacroix for bubble day not the same
experience No okay if you say so I'm
excited for Bobby bubbles I think it's a
business opportunity are we gonna invest
in the bubble game sorry guys we can't
do news anymore with this we realize
there's too much money in bubbles I like
where your head's at Phil yeah we have a
special guest coming in today a bubble
guy he makes bubbles I've got questions
and you're like backing out like you're
just go eat shit I think he's here
donation how you doing nice your
pleasure Bobby's mostly mobile here
we're gonna do some random bubbles
around the office something about
yourself how'd you get into these
bubbles it's actually my older brother
my little brother Michelle you see
created this entire contraption he got
into bubbling and then I just took it to
the next level I just started studying
the PSI pressures and it just became the
thing and this is what I do on the side
this is my side hustle I got yet Bobby's
bubbles I got lemon lime Kiwi and like
fresh very delicious bones I'll give you
one bubble fact about bubble water gets
created in 1767 you by a guy named
Joseph Priestley this is good info your
stuff is still up I know you're a busy
man but I'm gonna give you a nice little
bubble here this is so now you're
stronger I'm gonna give you a nice
strong 55 psi problems one of the
strongest you can get I don't even get
it on the market what market mark the
market for bubble I got some different
flavors for you but okay try it plain
first just to test those
we'll see how you like this goes against
any big that like I don't know you and
I'm drinking this okay okay let hit your
back of your throat film that's good
would you like any lemon lime Kiwi I got
my blackberry
we have blackberry sorry I ever need
bubbles you just let me know and I will
do you adjust with my bubbles
top-notch bubbles yeah normally I hate I
hate bubbly drinks look at that we're
gonna go out and spread some bubbles
around saying I don't trust anyone whose
outfit is printed out on a piece of
paper
I mean it's legit I used to have a
moustache we're gonna go spread some
bubbles around and yeah we'll be back
later do God's work enjoy that book yes
hey guys I just want to apologize
monday was bubble day and I didn't have
anything planned so to make it up for
you I I brought in someone to make us
some some bubble bubble water called
bobbies bubbles yeah this is Bobby's of
Bobby's bubbles I got some bubble water
for you yeah Ashley name from my bubbler
I got 35 psi versus really really light
bubbles and this one is my favorite this
is like 55 psi this is fresh non-sweet
it's supposed to be healthy no sugar nor
you know sugar because I got pineapple
and I have a whole tank which I have
over there and I'll show you guys later
and I can show you actually how to
bubble it if you want to learn make oh I
got a question know why people with the
same anyway you're drinking what here
where you got there this is a Lacroix
those are actually pretty decent bubbles
do you want a nice high psi like 55 psi
just watch those bubbles flow look at
those I'll take a little garnish promise
my hands are clean do you actually want
the live something like the line names
I'm like jumping in look at that bubbles
joke alright here we go
do you feel I feel it I need new
underwear got some fresh bubble story
again this is a 55 psi is one of my
personal favorites lemon lime Kiwi
blackberry hands are clean Enza clean
drop it right in do you like lemon lime
like a mix a nice hit nice little hit
good pretty good like Zach wants some
bubbles there you go Bobby these are
some of my bubbles I don't own the
bubbles that's good bubbles there hi
Napoli flavor gift me sugar in water you
drop's get a little bit more
sweet go very bubbly yeah Maya Napoli
what's your psi 70 I have not done a 70
psi very long bubbles are like 30 psi
you guys are researches you guys should
know this that's a good question that
you have no idea what's going on oh then
we're getting bubbles I tend to do is
I'd like you to try the bubbles with no
flavors first just to get the sensation
and then if you need some flavours I got
tons of lemon lime Kiwi blackberry
really have a day later always do
pineapple you lost his hands I just wash
my hands so don't you worry how we feel
about the bubbles you guys do nothing
but research yeah there's a lot of good
history about the creation of seltzer
water bubbly oh and when it first came
to the US a growth and kills bacteria it
does wash your teeth all right cool yeah
Joey one missing some bubbles here for
you oh my god I'm so excited my cup it
up boys first hit is always the best all
right what do you think probably this is
busy tossed it over it's so I see that
on the the logo it says Bobby's bubbles
but there's no apostrophe for the
bobbies correct when we first spotted
this we were trying to come up with like
even though I I just I didn't choose the
apostrophe there's like I said I don't
own the bubbles so I'm sharing the globe
and so you can make your own poems I'm
not here just to sell you my office
posture for use just like oh there
Bobby's bubbles oh no James just like
try some bubble water yeah let's do it
let's you know
let's go do you want any nice flavoring
in there fried lemon lime do you mind me
dropping it in drop it alright some
people are very picky about that oh
definitely very limey but it's very good
good right like that the whole thing
about my bubbler actually I could take
your bottled water right here and tell
it bubble it's straight from there if
you want to the good thing about
bubbling in such a small container is
you can really get those bubbles you
ready look at that we have several
bottles of whisky can we party and you
don't have any champagne if you have a
little white wine hanging around you get
some white wine out of the water bubble
it up there you got shampoo oh my god
this is amazing this will get some
whisky as we go open up my own bar
bubble bar
actually it works it does because it's
not an intense bubble there's a texture
to it I'm gonna get on the bubble chair
whoo look at that color
he should call himself the bubbler so
bad I feel like if you were to pull some
of that well I think bubble day was a
success it was a success yeah did you
enjoy your bubble spill have you already
I've already told everyone now at this
point
tell everyone what Phil I know who that
is do not remember you let me fucking
screen that other thing that you were
making with your brother Phil that's on
my brother oh that's just some dude
that's not actually my brother's a
teacher but on the side he makes bubbles
is that a real thing yes there's a
market fill for bubbles like for party
you know it could be filter business
opportunity right there that doesn't
sound like that is what it is because
you thought all of a sudden that was a
great actually expand no but I think you
just did fill I think it's I think
there's an opportunity right here we're
a bubble market you can sell like Phil
DeFranco bubbles DeFranco bubbles think
it's horrible it's a horrible idea
watch bubbles be the thing that blows up
this year last year it was slime yeah
I'm gonna completely miss the bubble
wave there's an opportunity right here
Phil will say I normally do actually
well that's no lacroix Phil that's fresh
and it has some fresh fruit flavor it's
not that artificial flavor shit bubble
day was successful and I'm happy that
you enjoyed bubble day and I'm sorry
next year I will not forget to not
celebrate bubble day and this days
anymore because you literally have a
calendar next to your desk I know well
some some days I miss because we want to
show we don't want to show the hell's
going on here though we can't be happy
jokey jokey all the time joking you know
what I mean that sounds so weird coming
out of your face alright Phil back to
work right yes
cool bye though alright you were curious
about the coffee bubbles yeah oh my god
my stomach just bubbled like Brian
you're gonna try the bubbles nope the
only thing worse than my bubble water is
bubble coffee
