zombie apocalypse scenario we we are all
at work and it goes down it goes down
here what what are our roles what do we
do who lives who dies who do we eat
first okay I kill anybody that looks at
me wrong oh damn you're gonna like
display dominance yeah I mean fuck it
like if Phil wants to come up to me like
that I'll knock his ass out it's a
zombie apocalypse he's not your boss
anymore at that point the zombie
apocalypse happened while we were here
in the office I would first want to try
to access the roof that's what I would
want to do with a roof we did everybody
has a roof are the zombies inside or
outside there outside yeah let's just
say they're outside at the doors fuck
okay the first thing I would do is I
would scale the walls and make it
somehow to my house and save my cats and
bite every download the dumbest thing
I've ever said loud yes I'm so glad it
was captured on campus perfect perfect
so this this is a safe haven yes well
this would become I think our our home
base this is really this is headquarters
yeah Jesus HQ I'm probably gonna be
doing the same role that I'm in here
where I would organize teams of like
okay like let's get out these exercises
and please exits try and quarantine
those who have already been you know
mm-hmm attacked don't worry I have it
all planned out all right so first we're
gonna barricade all the walls and
windows we're gonna make sure that
sunlight like can't be seen through so
you can't see that there are people
inside if we're gonna do is we're gonna
call out one of the top windows so that
we have to climb over in order to get
outside maybe we should go and get
supplies first there's a home depot
right down the street so let's go
oh there's a cost but we got a Costco
down the street right yeah they just
don't you got a car I got a car there we
go
you think that if a zombie apocalypse
they're still like sir do you have a
membership here quick quick question
sure there's also pretty wild down the
street to me about that quick question
okay said why shut the fuck ah perfect
yeah but everyone's gonna go to Costco
not if I keep them out you let like
nature take its course let all the
people fight it out and whoever survives
will owner you know play the long game
yeah we'll own the car
koan and that the then at the point that
we need food we could be like Noah's
ours now not necessarily not we could
like set up like you're like a barter
system are you like trade some women for
some food I don't think we leave I think
that this is a relative you want a Dawn
of the Dead this place I I kind of do I
am going to sacrifice myself because I
would like to go out because I know I'm
not going to survive this
at all but I would like to go out with
everyone knowing I'm a good person
because I'm a good person
so how would you do that uh I'm going to
stab myself in the heart and I'm going
to give you my my meat who we eat I
don't do we have to eat people
Oh as zombies or as people we would eat
people because we need to survive
who would you eat we got to eat somebody
right you're at a culture Rick Rana
wouldn't rain would be nasty well when
you're that angry all the time it does
something to you look stressed yeah it
cooks it her up and she's gonna be like
overdone mmm I want somebody who's like
chill like Steve like it's not people
taste good honestly honestly and this is
nothing against him Steve goes first
because I think he would end up making
choices that would that would harm the
groom the groom whether it's just for a
bit or to express himself or whatever
you would possibly like run out to try
and save him stuff but leave the door
open and the rest of us would be hmm it
eat me first why me I'm like nothing but
fat there's no meat him in my bones or
if we were in a mass exodus he would try
to grab toys or something that is not
you he's not thinking about the group I
feel like you would taste so good though
I mean maybe smells so good don't kill
me if I'm not dead
you take really good care of yourself I
know that's fine I get that
but let's let me die first please before
you guys start eating my body all right
obvious also why you want there's a
Costco down the street who said they
would eat Steve Paris well they're not
gonna survive either let's be honest I
mean who'd want hit massaging kale Matt
Lieberman where the fuck is Lieberman
and you'd be in the bathroom massaging
Mikhail
I think we should start with nerd
service so we're gonna we're gonna go
down turn him into Shore
oh great oh my god that sounds great oh
my god it's amazing I can already
imagine the brine that we're gonna fix
it like an import it's exciting let's be
real on that let's see that that's
eating that eats the best you get to use
his hair is like chips right
I just sticks to your hand and you kinda
like use your hand like okay so we're
gonna smoke mod yeah so we can preserve
for an eater forever we'll just eat Sam
straight out why why aren't you
recommending he's been eating so healthy
lately it would be so great to probably
eat him like sushi
yeah we really could be really um you
could just slice them and just he's got
the rice he's got the rice so we could I
know how to cook rice by Makana tasty
man hey you would you eat all that pie
man he's probably about somebody we want
to nibble on one time oh yeah
Ellie chicken now eat you that's fine
you're just like the rest are you to
tenderize you get y'all good what do you
like dies first subject I think
something probably will subject might go
will go like he'll try to be funny or
something beep like dude is a prank like
put on some zombie makeup going and you
be like oh I can be like that Bill
Murray thing oh my god zombie uh-huh
that's how he would die he would prank
us and you try to be funny and we'd kill
him for you go well then I guess we'd
have to use man's got dark side Ryan's
gonna snap and murder at least five
people in one swing
I think Reina would be the last girl the
final girl holy oh she Ramon industry
she's super badass also to him I think
gee I'm a little bit afraid of James I
think he turned against everybody
because I would fucking deal with you
people rings I don't give a shit about
you if you did you turn on us dude I
don't know if you guys have seen this
but there's a picture of him and I think
Keith I think it's James and can that
pop up behind us right now that danger
ya know whoops the dead inside I think
James would be one of the last few
survivors oh for sure key yeah and for
that I'll be your bitch baby
- bitch baby this is the end yeah
Channing Tatum oh my god why am i
cheating Tina you just said you'd be my
bitch yes you're right yeah Donna me and
Rayna
I would win I think you would come to
terms and procreate out of the entry out
of the need to preserve humanity new
sociopathic humans
