sup you beautiful bastards I hope you're
having an awesome day we haven't done it
in a bit so today is gonna be a male
opening video and the first thing I got
today is actually an awesome toy that
I've wanted and also the sponsor of this
mail Monday video you might have
actually seen them in a previous vlog
where Steve and I were messing with him
but if you happen is that the remote
horse wisdom warrior so if you do in
your cyber monday shopping you want to
grab one for yourself and go to
legendary o2 dot-com also because I love
your faces and I know there's a bunch of
broke-ass college kids slash broke-ass
broke-ass people I've been there I felt
that pain I'm setting Jordan to the
store to get one right now one of you
lovely bastards who use the click to
tweet in the description down below you
will win your very own legendary Yoda
okay with that next thing for those were
going to be the third video neuro that I
got bacon but this not bacon but this
there's no note there is no name even
the font looks a little printed out I
feel like this might be a container of
poison James what I'm done you want to
drink this can we shake it up and spray
it on your face this is just confusing
so this is from Jake Danes he says what
a poser can you do that anyone do that
better than me pronouncing words what
Bossier whatever it's still Simas to me
big fan for vancouver canada now living
in the UK want to send you a bit of an
early Xmas present it's one of my
favorites so I hope you enjoy it
hope you enjoyed the I love HR pin
thought it was finished so that sounds
amazing but what's in it is a book
written in German and that's it I am so
confused this is a package from no-name
so this could be in for X so these are
from clear from Sweden
there's no note in here but I guess I'll
wear this crazy cat lady pen one
beautiful name Jeff Oh ton from Karl
pa Wow my mouth just stopped working oh
I know you buddy believe we met at
comic-con I look back at pictures of
myself from like events and I do like
the same four faces you gave me a letter
sent to everyone so I'll do the dirty
work of bringing them to the people that
you wrote to how we have a guess hello
can you just get in playing for a second
I have no sex epub number again this one
is from Rachel Oliver of Kansas City
I saw someone with an amazing Kansas
City Royals shirt the other day that
said we don't suck anymore Kansas City
Royals and I was like yeah that's like
the perfect man wagon sure I bought you
this fun game that reminded me of your
favorite curse word video I thought
everyone at the office would get a good
laugh creative cursing a mix-and-match
profanity generators so the first word
is dick the second word is why very
powerful word but what if we then go to
a next one dick pooper James is a dick
pooper well sounds good in the sentence
James is a dick slammer James the dick
tickler what about Keith Oh what is
keith is a diaper tickler whoa that just
went a whole different place see with
the flip of the card it went from oh
yeah it's funny it's a keith Cepeda fuck
all right all right Amanda Amanda you
deserve a double flip so we're going to
a new word Oh Oh rectum already starting
out fantastic you are a rectum nugget
and then the last one would be Philip
DeFranco is a nut
dumpster Oh kids still pedophile thank
you we got Laura Donald I recently
bought this from my friend's son but
then saw Trey wearing a Michigan State
shirt and the most reason to Franco
family decide Trey needs it needs it
more whoa so one Trey is a fan of
multiple teams depending on which family
member or friend he's around when my
buddy Kevin Brewer comes over he's a
Gators fan Lindsay's family visit they
act like he says roll tide
when Lindsay's mom rolls around he's a
war eagle that when we visit the
fantastic family that is the growths of
Michigan he's a Wolverine Spence oh I'm
100% gonna give us to them thank you
that's so sweet this from Elizabeth
Hardison here's a book I've been a fan
of yours since rejected and Mountain Dew
commercial video has the video I'm
ashamed of let's roll the clip Ziya
Mountain Dew only pedophiles like Diet
Coke
already leather is very long and sweet I
love your face well you want to support
the nation look it up this one is from
Miss Mary Williams this is a thank you
to you and everyone this will hopefully
put a smile on your faces when you get
it thank you so much and love your face
Anderson from New York with the yeah as
a member of Philip defranco's big gay
religion I hope your day is strange but
in a charming way oh we have a question
in the mail do you have any advice on
how to tell your parents that you're an
atheist I'm fortunate enough that I
don't have to worry about my parents
disowning me I just worry that I will
disappoint them it comes to my attention
that I'm one of those people who wants
to make everyone happy and feels guilty
for even slightly and convenience in
anyone it's exhausting so that's
interesting I am I was raised Catholic
we used to always go to church then we
slowly didn't go to church both of my
parents are still believers but whatever
you religion or anything else at a
certain point you have to realize that
you can't
live under the restriction of your
parents your primary thing shouldn't be
to appease them or make them happy it
should be you being a full whole person
now everyone doesn't have supportive
parents we're all of a sudden they'll go
oh it's okay that you're different have
a different opinion so there are
different ways to play it either you
just never bring it up or you just you
to have a conversation if they're good
parents even if they're disappointed
they're going to love you because you're
theirs and if they're not on board
that's not on you that's the main thing
for you as a human being you need to
hold on to it doesn't matter if they're
disappointed as long as you are true to
yourself that's fine but something you
also need to be aware of there are many
people in this world that that act like
a victim in life that people in life
they drag them through this thing and
they don't they don't want to hurt them
and it'll suck and it'll make them sad
as a person but they'll do it because
it's easy does it require a lot of
effort even though it's gonna stress you
the hell out we also don't wanna go to
the full other extreme of like I don't
care what anybody thinks like I care
what my wife thinks about man so if
Lindsay wants me to do something that I
don't necessarily want to do I will most
likely do it but that's also because it
goes the other way too and we're
partners in life and with raising Trey
and so it's a different dynamic and I
know that answers a little bit all over
the place but that's that's life it was
it's all over the place and there's no
one perfect answer but if there is one
thing I can say that is 95% the way it's
you be you boob but that it's gonna
ah yonis calm down you're gonna be cool
Yoda Yoda you gonna chill yeah oh did
you want a Netflix and chill guys that
is gonna be it for this vlog adiy thank
you for sending me so much mail if you
want to end up in one of the Yoda calm
down but that said it's gonna be it for
this video remember if you want to grab
one go to legendary Yoda dot-com if you
want to send stuff boopity boop boop boo
and of course as always remember have a
great fucking day Oh teach me to use the
forest
what do you mean I need to control
myself this freak down teach me to use
the force he's editing a video it's
really out of context what is my life
