whoo Black Friday whoo I participated in
Black Friday once I don't think I've
ever party I've gone to stores on Black
Friday but it was it like for Pierre
I've never been like I have to be there
well I don't like stand in line I I'm a
huge stoner
like Black Friday for me it's not about
shopping it's about like I don't have to
go back to work I'm gonna sleep in and
like I'm a Google probably not do that
on my jammies all day and like eat
leftovers you know my friend Mikey I got
a friend named Mikey and he like he's
family like they plan out what moles are
gonna hit like they like spread out like
three of their families and go over this
smell this smell this mother gonna hit
up these stores they have light they go
in with like 500 bucks and they come
back with like a house full of things
and then that's what they that's the
Christmas gifts for the whole year but
he plans like months in advance I
remember going to my parents we went to
like a Kmart or something and this was I
think the Wednesday before the day
before Thanksgiving and there was
already people camping out I guess for
our Black Friday sales at this Kmart so
there's literally like a people with
like sleeping bags and like a fucking
rope or whatever and we were just
homeless man this was like no I think
it's really sad the people who are in
the front of the line I feel really bad
for the kids cuz like they'll set up a
tent at 4:00 in the afternoon on
Thanksgiving and the kids won't have a
Thanksgiving that's their Thanksgiving
is waiting in line and eating out of
Tupperware or eating fast food and
that's really sad honestly the only
thing I give a shit about on Black
Friday are the insane movie deals on
Amazon like that's it that's it that's
all oh it's a thing yes I'll do a Lazard
like Friday and in the Black Friday the
flash sales are probably the best things
that have ever happened like ride it yes
they're fantastic shops Black Friday
years um I went once I went once and it
was to get Xbox 360 doorbuster deal and
pick up my parents we're best doorbuster
to do that Best Buy yeah that's fine and
I picked up to pick up my parents an HD
DVD player cuz I was convinced that HD
DVD was going to beat blu-ray I'm an
idiot
I have 15 HD DVD that I'm getting played
by nobody No
no more oh yeah love getting my blu-rays
okay wait I got more about side by
blu-rays yeah do you watch your boy race
oh yeah I collect them
that's almost lives because it's its
first of all blu-ray is the highest
standard of high-definition you can get
true 1080p lossless quality audio can
only be gotten from a digital blu-ray
disc hmm cool I think my parents went
like one year but then they're like yeah
we're never doing that again there's a
part of me that thinks it would be like
exciting to like be part of that sort of
madness but I also feel like it's
dangerous I'll keep you on it let's go
to Black Friday but we won't buy
anything was incite violence in other
people every year there's a website you
can go to this like last Friday deaths
count calm or whatever that means like
seven deaths in like 93 injuries over
the past like 10 years from Black Friday
there's like and ooh they got shot over
yes three people died not even getting
shot getting trampled like if you trip
and fall you're done I'm telling you do
it online shopping online to me on that
day is just like this exhaust online no
you get kind of satisfaction because
you're not physically exhausted you it's
almost like eBay where you're like a
llama
I want to outfit this guy and you're
kind of like it's almost like a game you
know like you want to be haha
fuck you bitch like bitch my two cents
extra that's right you got that I got
that it's mine now got a little intense
gonna calm it down I'll let you know I
let everybody at home know Black Friday
is not real that's something the
government came up with so you spend
your money right around the end of the
year so you don't have enough money by
Christmas and you have to work harder
and be at work during Christmas it's all
the government it's all government I I
don't like Black Friday I don't want to
cyber monday is however that's what I'm
talking about Cyber Monday
I don't you're telling me I don't have
to get out of my PJs I don't have to
leave the house I don't have to get
trampled at a Walmart great Cyber Monday
is shit because that's just well I mean
the Amazon thing goes on all weekend so
there's no real distinction there my
Friday is not real the prices are lower
it's the same I did use Cyber Monday
though from being completely honest
Cyber Monday I'll go on Amazon
get some stuff Black Friday white Friday
whatever whatever it is Asian Friday not
what it is excess greed day this is the
way I see it all right there if you got
like an Amazon wishlist and there's
stuff in there that you've been wanting
all year even saving your doubloons
putting your coins and their coin purse
you've been waiting to buy these things
and they're on sale for Black Friday
by all means indulge that's our right as
Americans as free peoples with money
that we work hard to get as little as it
seems
and as little as it is but I will say
this Black Friday is the perfect time
Cyber Monday Black Friday to get gifts
for your friends get gifts for your
family gets the cheapest time to buy
stuff for your mom or dad it's just
before Christmas a perfect time let me
shop online together go shopping I just
like watching happy endings in Tucson
oh my god the key word a happy ending
dog dog my life I'm sad
