okay I don't like things well okay I
like Thanksgiving but I don't like
having to be with you know my family
worst Thanksgiving story oh shit it's
sad I was on Facebook which is only a
great site you know to see how your
aunt's political views are mm-hmm I had
to go number two and I was at a lady's
house I went in the bathroom and I
noticed that there wasn't any toilet
paper the first year that Mike and I
moved to Los Angeles very poor um and it
was Thanksgiving night and obviously we
don't have any money
to like make the Thanksgiving dinner and
instead we had del Taco that's it I have
diarrhea later no I just cried a lot
once in elementary school we used to I
was on like the Maury announcement
videos he used to do and we brought on
this new teacher new fifth-grade teacher
and she wasn't talking about her
favorite Thanksgiving tradition with her
family and she used to they used to
actually like cook a real turkey like
they'd go and hunt the turkey and then
and it was during the Ferguson riots and
it was my favorite aunt and I learned
some shit about her but I didn't want to
learn like her opinions on race riots Oh
which are very different from mine there
were some words that started with a
letter between and and Oh what letter
does that mean um believe I started to
freak out and I thought maybe I was
gonna have to use my sock um yeah I
really thought about hey why sock why
not just your finger and then quickly
run over and watch something the same
because oh man no I never done that no
no but I'll tell you what I have an
interview I was like staying off camera
and the interview was a friend of mine
his name was Ryan and Ryan was
interviewing this teacher and she went
the detail about how they wrestle it to
the ground and duct tape it stood wings
down and they slit his throat and hang
it upside down the blood drains down
into a bucket and like you could watch
his eyes start to grow wider and wider
at the end
what to say and then we just didn't use
the video my dad still has it on the old
hard drive
we're cutting that out just so you know
that was too abrasive for our viewing
yeah that's wood and for fool oh I had
to UM I had to like unfollow that
situation and I never in the house and
then just avoid those topics as much as
I can while we eat
so mostly just like shove futher yeah if
you're ever in the woods or if you ever
on a camping trip or something you do
this with a leaf too but I'm using a
piece of paper as an example basically
what you do is you just tear a little
hole in the middle of the paper or leaf
you stick your finger through it and
then you wipe your butt with your finger
like you said and then you're like oh
boy my finger but then you just grab the
paper like this and then wipe it off
dispose oh I need to use a couple leaves
cuz that's not gonna get everything wait
can I see your finger all of my
Thanksgivings have been fantastic
honestly I love celebrating with my
family I had like extended family
members who are really blood-related or
whatever and we always have Thanksgiving
together I love going to Mike's family
tea they're all so great it's so cute
I've never had a bad Thanksgiving until
I moved here but luckily what ended up
happening was is I was sitting on a
bidet but if it was one of those fancy
Japanese like toilet lid things that has
the little nozzle that comes out and was
my first experience with of the day so
my worst Thanksgiving story actually
turned into my best I remember there was
one Thanksgiving where my brother was
really upset that my parents didn't
invite his girlfriend to Thanksgiving
um cuz at that point I feel like they
had been together like two or three
years uh it's kind of like inexcusable
they're kind of like my Uncle Mike he
has a lot of issues with the family
there were a couple years Runkle Mike
didn't come around to the family but he
decided Thanksgiving was gonna be the
day that he did it so he baked it or
where you cook a turkey and Tim came
time for him to open up the turkey he
did a prayer he did the whole prayer by
himself he cut into it just blood fell
out everywhere just everywhere I'm just
kidding I'm a that's oh my god I don't
really have a worst Thanksgiving story
just because every time I go home for
Thanksgiving it's the worst because my
parents of cats and they shed everywhere
and no matter what I always get cat hair
in my mouth so my mom lets my cat the
cats go up on the counter we're just
cooking and I was like probably like 12
I remember I was like just chilling the
living room playing like Donkey Kong
super this happened to Super Nintendo
perfect uh and then all the sound of
like uh oh no oh really bad I quit cool
it really like two hours after dinner
and I was like nope and I couldn't even
like make it to the bathroom I was just
like like just everywhere like
projectile Turkey just like but then
would later say news we never said
didn't like her she was the one who
fired if we just showed it with our
action yeah she loves her Casio K with
funny cat hair and her food obviously
she wants to get poisoned she wants to
get instead of the tryptophan the dander
puts her to sleep
exactly and if she's watching hey mom
wait I'm gonna put those fuckers down oh
they're old any day now I meant with me
if it was a good one yeah fully believe
that my feathers blew out of it like
everything well that's my Uncle Mike
yoga Mike I'm gonna have an Uncle Mike
really no that was fully believable
everyone's got an uncle they don't
really talk to all we wanted to make
amends
you say you're not a good storyteller
that was a great story testing it Wow
good right do that do that like stand up
for some I don't know yeah Thanksgiving
show show we do things yeah
oh good
