huh what the fuck
we're talking about our neck actually I
was joking but can uh can I get like 30
seconds I'm just gonna I didn't think I
had to film anymore
oh just 30 seconds I'm just gonna be
else and raises things specifically
about Asian people that I just I need
you to chill no it's time for what I
want to do so we're gonna be playing
ranked doubles which means we're gonna
be playing with a bunch of randoms which
means sometimes we're gonna have a good
partner
sometimes we're gonna have a bad partner
and every now and then we're gonna be
the bad partner I am powered by my pink
juice of Awesome and enough of my stupid
face also if you hate video games I'm
gonna include an annotation so you can
skip it holy crap that was weird
oh this is the get the rest off game is
this the most manly thing I could ever
do no oh my god no no I think this is
gonna be a complete hour of losing this
guy fuck this
I have suck when you full suck can't
have one-and-a-half sucks you don't have
half a suck me and my teammate are gonna
beat buttery butt cheeks I gotta get it
god oh this so badly please God get it
yes good thanks
okay we're back on it I am hungry and I
got a pee let's do this yes it was oh
and that is it that's a that's we're
gonna go partially because I want to end
on a high note but also because I have
to pee
of course half my team's already over
there
what are you Mabel boy what am i
thankful for my great team the great
family the friends I have an alienated
yet that is in a how I would like
something look that will do like that's
what rain is doing right now with food
that she made so good Reina did you
really did you really photograph your
process of making your food no here's me
I'm making the bacon with the maple to
URI oh yes more we put like Oh massage
while you're eating it's amazing I know
that was there the best Yuri I'm the
strong not silent I look like a mean dog
I just where's the only way again
physical time I thought she was about to
go full front it looked like his hands
were going down you better get that
elbow off me
fucking cutting deep into mine oh you're
bleeding and shit goddamn fire your size
you massaged and someone's excited frog
the pain around us keep complaining
okay just he grabbed my thigh it's
payback
he grabbed my upper thigh and he said
how you doing daddy
