I want to see what is that oh my god Sam
is that that that delicious chicken and
rice I've been hearing so much about
it's so good everyday rice white rice
plain chicken
you're my favorite thing you were my
favorite thing about that doughnut video
Oh what do you guys do it over here so I
thought I had anger issues but I just I
just had a very interesting experience
with Rena you just ah be so stupid
talk--i so students know so stupid I
can't like what the fuck
what what's wrong my dog it's not me
supposed to open the probe you got to
get him like you got to get him like
right over there I do let's watch this
shut up stop whimpering are you kidding
me
you dumbass why are you whimpering cuz
you're dumb do you want me to do it no
no I read in a book once that women can
only do two thirds of what men can do oh
I just play of leg when was the last
time that they patched this game I don't
think I don't know did they already I'm
just I'm just trying to give you an out
about just try to give you an out oh
there it is there it is there it is
there
yes yes yes yes go in there in the twist
chat they are saying that whether crying
to you right now has been patched the
easy version
everybody here jazzy okay Cassie said or
you guys said that it's being patched in
the game so it's not something that's
supposed to be doable so this was
frustrating Ezra's frustrating for no
good reason okay I thought I was going
crazy you know cuz sometimes I do this
like where I just miss dumb shit in
games and I just don't understand how to
progress and it's not like linear enough
for me there's something I just don't
get I get that I get that's what
something's really really freaking
frustrating Jesus thank you for the out
oh so in one of my previous vlogs I
asked you guys what success is and I
said success is never having to do with
load of laundry if I need some clean
socks you know that's for me that's like
maybe the bottom bar it's it's
excessively wasteful but it's nice it's
good the bigger part of that is of
course be able to take care of friends
and family I was fascinated by your
comments I mean granted there were like
1.3 percent of people going god fuck
Phil your unrelatable what do I do after
I make all this money oh thank you for
completely missing the point that life
is very fluid and that even though we
have these stakes on the ground and
these goals that everything changes but
when I saw and I really related to was
being organized and that was one that
just I related to completely because not
only is it a goal but it's a great base
to then be able to achieve other goals
it's hard to accomplish things when you
don't have any organization in any
structure so I got open my notebook it's
not a journal the diary not really it's
just my scribble anything today I'm
gonna do something that is kind of
terrifying to me bio delete all the
contacts in my phone resubmit all the
contacts I care about asterisks if any
of my friends text me and I go who this
new phone know that it was an accident
and definitely not how I actually feel
about you then schedule everyone's
birthday in your phone with a reminder
one week ahead of time and make the
people you know care now that one's a
little more vague and open but that's
because people are different so as far
as clearing out my contacts my personal
phone book has been merged with the
company phone both for probably four
years with any given time there between
I imagine one in 4,000
also because the contacts are old
there's several numbers for each person
so if I say something like call Lindsay
boo boo which one should I use one yes
I'm completely aware that it's kind of a
bitch move to have Lindsay as Lindsay
boo and my phone and two that shouldn't
happens with almost everyone so I'm
going to write up shortlist that took
far too long Wow you know you guys feel
after you've like been playing video
games for like several out that's what
I'm feeling right now
Leto contacts check resubmit all
contacts I care about check kind of I do
I'm gonna have a lot of weird
conversations in the future now to
schedule everyone's birthday and get
Christmas shopping done huh okay so that
is done aya oh no I'm in front of the
green screen well
magic magic again oh my god we'll stick
with the green so the scheduling was
actually super easy thanks to Facebook
and Twitter and everywhere else that
allows you to put your birthday and for
whatever reason and the letting people
know I care will now just be me
executing on this setup that I have now
established this why all those books
recommend you have one set goal a day
that way you can focus on it I mean I
can never specifically have that because
I always have to do the show and then
balance it with my other
responsibilities but having this like
one personal thing Oh amazing
that said my next thing that I want to
do is actually something for you guys I
want to build a home gaming set up and
then give one away for Christmas over
the Christmas break so I'm gonna put the
order in for the parts right now I'll
get them over probably the course of a
weekend week and a half and then I'm
gonna build it let's go will be
entertaining okay so let me tell you
what I'm thinking about right now oh
yeah do you need some jump cut oh I need
jump I bet I know have you seen the UH
whatchamacallit what is it
the panic patty what patty what is that
the sweet potato pie video mm-hmm you
don't see that not true me I want to
ball the Patti LaBelle pie this is right
you don't think that do you do you think
it is
nobody was a character funny to not be
racist Oh
it just hurt in Japan I swear you to
feel like I to build up the e-myth slow
the water and by the Patti LaBelle pie
Walmart how do you Mitchell
are my friend I never know until then
but I know now having a nervous break
Jesus
yeah we had we had a report that someone
kept screaming pattycake make it shake
it sound like someone was someone named
patty with Tyrion murderers from now on
when they when they interview Patty Bell
they're like oh you the pie chick you're
the pie chick yeah not known for her
infinite the Walmart pies right the only
time I've ever eaten a whole sweet
potato pie by myself was I was really
freaked out and I was trying to comfort
myself because I thought I accidentally
got this girl pregnant and she we like
we got plan B and that was like that was
like all my money for the week was plan
B and sweet potato pie and I was like
this is it this is it did it what it
make me sick they made me go please no
babies please no babies in this
