James that's what you're supposed to do
the blues clue is mailing so oh I'm
sorry I'm busy you don't know what it's
mail time
honorary veterans at the beginning thank
you for people behind Guitar Hero live
for uh for giving this to us we will
play it at some point in the near future
okay bye
thank you that a lovely Tyler Oakley for
sending me this binge box you son of a
bitch airy download and bought your book
but thank you I appreciate it also a big
good luck to you on The Amazing Race my
friend make you too proud and now
regular males this is from CMAs Campbell
it's an actual noise I don't know was
that close also it's a two-part present
it's this and then the stuff that fell
off in delivery so two things to note
one apparently this is a model x-wing
from 1999 where CMAs gave up making it
but I guess kepta cuz he's a good little
hoarder and - please tell Bri that she
is the hottest YouTube personality out
there sure that's gonna be an awkward
interaction but we'll do that is it
Sheamus Sheamus there's no H in it fuck
no you're not Sheamus you're CMAs hi
this one's from France Oh Tom skies I
want you to have an early copy of his
book art is dead I hope you enjoy it
Phil you're nothing short of an
inspiration watching you and your
business grow / evolve keeps my spirit
high stay awesome that's not what Tom
Scott sounds like it's our side know if
you don't actually know who Tom sky is
you're missing out I'm gonna link down
below let's switch to the letter variety
every time there's not a name it freaks
me out I'm just like they just they
don't want to get in trouble it's a very
nice person once an autograph and they
even sent an envelope that has this
stamp and try not to show your address
is okay when you put it like that do you
want a sharpie so it lasts and it's not
just like a really shitty thing thanks
Amanda
Thomas Dougherty it is in the mail hope
you enjoy it Josh Houston hustin I have
to take this instead of writing because
my handwriting looks like a hobbit
doctors I'm with you oh shit it's not a
key every mail opening video you've done
you have struggled to open the boxes I'm
late but so I figured I might send some
help since you use your keys in the
first video I thought that it might be
kind of cool as the basis for my sign a
key shaped package opener because I'm a
blacksmith slash metal worker I'm
putting them up on my Etsy shop is it
cool if I call them the Philly key yeah
it's fine if you want the Philly key you
can go to Houston metal works calm I
don't know if he employs have your own
children to make them but you can get it
love your face sir let's put a dent ass
this one's from cash mean oh my god that
is a crazy last name beautiful it's
actually gonna have this like triple
duct tape Eric by trying to be an author
so this is actually someone sending a
book that is written by their friend but
the best part of this is the letter that
says again I know you're busy between
SourceFed SourceFed nerd the PDS blog B
so on I don't know how you do it I
wouldn't have the time to jerk off it's
always time you make time it's like a
good relationship you have your
relationship with your significant other
and then yourself this is a very weird
thing to say in a room full of people
this one is from JP hard or IP part
let's see this is my first published
novel mercy I know it sounds like a line
but I'm really not sending this as some
ploy for free free promotion this is
just me sharing the accomplishment you
helped me achieve by reminding me that
sometimes entertaining other people and
making them smile can be the best way to
get past the bad and if nothing else
it's one less piece of entertainment
you'd have to charge when you travel
it's true I I always I mean I don't I
don't use my Kindle as much as I used to
but definitely I have all my foreign
forms of entertainment and then I always
have a physical copy of a book because
you never really know if there's gonna
be enough outlets and it's weird living
when was the last time your power went
out that is that that when that happens
I realize how lost in the world I am I'm
like what am I supposed to do but wait
so the whole video has stopped because
Amanda keeps making weird like giddy /
Moni sounds because Shia LaBeouf is is
it the last day as we're recording yes
it's like the last movie it's it like
look he's dying
you know what's rude
he's there this dude just on Twitter
this dude's like oh oh do you think that
he was like I'm gonna do this with him
I'm gonna do this with Shia shiz my boy
also who's next to Shia he's had a
friend there like the whole time but he
kept falling asleep on his shoulder it
can't be no you know what I'm backing up
because I always giving you shit there's
no reason to be everything's art I get
it this one is from Shawn Stockman oh
that's a sad man oh shit whoops I feel
like I got shrinks I was like oh it's
definitely not a book it's just books
trees right feel free to give copies
away to your viewers if you wish you
didn't give me any packages you gave me
work those have been followers of source
for years will no doubt noticed writing
similarities between two characters
towards the end of the book and two
hosts from earlier days of SourceFed
disclaimer similarities are purely
coincidental I think we're gonna you
don't have to say that we're not gonna
sue you well I'm not gonna sue you like
in the doobly-doo it's like all books
business so this one is from Sara Taylor
what let me show it all you've created
in the past few years you're an amazing
man was a fantastic family behind you
Sara Taylor aka a badass beater don't
like the way I say beater what's wrong
with being saying beater well maybe
she's a badass beater or a badass beater
people do with their lives her own thing
name said that we should we should do
dramatic reading since we all have
different books between me and Jordan
wait did you say it oh sorry I thought
you had a good idea for a second Keith
Jordan stand up oh yeah just feel it
feel it
her name go for it is it more than one
person it was ZD wait like the Italian
dish oh this is gonna be good anyway
just just go in the back she thought the
hand and nearly jumped away in shock
then she suddenly felt calm and relaxed
she knew that it was ZD who was standing
over her without thinking she embraced
her and pushed her face into the Anneli
and stomach the rough leather material
of her combat jacket was a welcome
feeling against her face after a moment
of sobbing some queen into her comrade
she stood in place the hand on cds head
her blonde curls seemed to bob and even
when sitting still matched when I turned
back down the corridor and indicated to
zg that she should follow so did you
manage to get a hold of anyone like
turban like I ordered she reached up and
wiped away the last few remaining tears
she looked around as she walked glancing
uneasily at every vent in every room ZT
needed to maybe move to take back ZT
mistake zv needed to take three or four
steps to stay in line with one of
botched user by match time but she
managed this without looking too
ridiculous yes captain I found someone
willing to help us but I don't think
you're going to be pleased about it
just spit it out already ZD they passed
from the unused section of the ship into
the brighter lights of the lab section
batched eyes squinted slightly as she
adjusted to them I kept her pace towards
the med lab she didn't know how long she
conscious though she assumed it was only
a for a few moments on the goddamn scene
perfect
Jon seen beautiful picture julie huh and
that's it for male
