so this morning I found out that
McDonald's is now selling mozzarella
sticks but they they only wear it where
do they sell mozzarella sticks they
don't sell them out here oh no just
mozzarella sticks in general yeah so but
for McDonald's it's New Jersey New York
and concen okay
so apparently we couldn't do that but
then Jordan told me that a Dunkin Donuts
just what it would ease their
snickerdoodle croissant doughnuts holy
crap wait da do we have like toothpicks
and like we'll cut them up with like you
know I cut them up and then student come
on you never been to one of those fancy
party things where these yes obviously
guess you haven't got any good parties
right let's see can I put this in my
mouth my mouth hole it's really good I'm
actually after having a second one I'm
upgrading it to oh my god delicious like
the more I eat the better it is I'm
gonna have one more than I'm done Keith
yes I have to continue filming the show
so you are in control of the camera
it's a cronut wait okay from Duncan
known as oh it's probably good because
it's from done you know today naturally
dougie doughnuts is like an East Coast
this is not yeah just really like if
they do oh shit it's Leakey and yet
tender and crusty but gets your pity and
the sugary sweetness isn't overwhelming
at all it gets coating my taste
he said Krusty is like this positive
worker there's stuff in it Oh real good
I may have a new favorite good yeah put
it in your mouth I am Christ but the
holding in your mouth that's that's
really good actually it's really good
hey Pat wall cover three like a cavity
oh there's something on you what is this
yeah is like a filling oh wow wow I'm
stuck hey I don't know these are so good
um let's hear tell me what taste like
give me an emotion make my family knows
Oh head like a little pocket of after
aftertaste say after mmm put silent kind
of gross give me a life moment that
might describe this doughnut I like baby
cousin so your baby cousin circumcision
don't ask
alright you don't like it oh oh you're
like the first one I'm so sorry I'm
right on the flavor the flakiness is a
so delicate no it's not it's just like a
little kiss of sweetness wait no
actually no I would eat like 12 of those
if I died right now I try one of these
look really good
I don't mind if right I've never seen
you before in my life where does
economics even at Santa Monica don't
just in it oh yeah good yeah you know
when your teeth hurt because it's so
sugary low key cavity is it full of
cream or pumpkin spice or somewhere
it's got something anything like other
Dunkin Donuts it's gonna make me
diarrhea instantly but she'll be happy
by God it's like a it's a cleanse I
really only buddy he's on video but I
went to anybody not as bad as it's
happened quantify huh no the ones are
full of sperm oh it was an improvement
on that at least I can see right off the
bat they are filled with some kind of
foreign sticky substance we're talking
we're talking discus we're talking all
right here we go all right good look
that's dynamite with yeah it's really
good no I'm uh
I mean Queen yeah
I'm not home I met Brendan two months
Wow
that's commitment but I'm beyond 25
pounds you feel inside deep down
loneliness well from the doughnut or is
that helping was it a temporary
distraction from your vapid life thumbs
up
got one we got two Oh and I'm all about
this ah the point I'll be sacrilegious
like we had Krispy Kremes earlier today
yeah oh wow what you doing you Sam
really good I just wanted to try a
doughnut you saw everybody else trying
some you already happened that's right
Sam hey oh my gosh yeah we have this
like super duper snot donut and you ever
titleholder hope that all come to us at
least make it sea level enjoy today
sorry
sorry machine you need to go talk to
Dani she turned us down flat
really yeah she's got powers she's
having bread in two months yeah I'm not
she's lost 25 pounds he shirt horrible
food where you got a ham sandwich or
something oh I got chicken and rice kind
of banana and chicken and right okay
just chicken right it's good it's
delicious five times a day so good but
that's here now
Jordan nothing yes for me as always and
just like the last ten times you've done
this to me is still a young young it's a
young it's a young young for sure
nothing's changed it tastes like can I
get another literally with the one now
there's still crap there's still
distress my form for madona
I don't know what it is what is it it's
a crow that it's a credit I can't
legally say you have to believe all of
that thank you we're gonna get that just
moosh it here you just - yeah really all
anybody's really on anybody only help
I personally give my stamp of approval
on these Donuts yeah front that's
brother fuck there you can just drive to
Santa Monica no I said it's a damn dog
that is it
the verdict is essentially it seemed
like 9 out of 10 people loved it a 7 out
of Sam's loved it and in general I I
enjoyed it it's not a sponsorship it's
just my opinion if you're going to have
yourself a little a little hey
congratulations on your day treat I
recommend it if you have a I hate my
life and I'm gonna you know consume
3,000 calories so that it fills in what
I imagine love feels like
I recommend it I don't I don't run and I
need a not
Rhona legally speaking but the main
point is a great book and a magic
