talking about videogames Phil you know
you know you know what we do here what
are we doing today
Phil why do you sometimes like change
the pace of what you say like it's our
slowly what do you think what like
you're like it's what we do here I think
we should go back and create all these
new slogans the defranco news it's what
we do it's actually great maybe at Matt
maybe I have like a question mark it's
what we do here yeah but the question
right that's good Cole tell so what the
hell are we do here doing here nailed it
Joe I'm glad you took those fucking
public speaking courses I gave you God
no I was not one day one day give me
five years someone asked me on Twitter
they're like do you have like some sort
of education or schooling for speech for
anything cause like no when I was 19 I
got AC in public speaking oh yeah and
also if you watch like the first seven
years of my video horrible presentation
some would argue it's still horrible now
really yeah especially with the jump
cuts I realize sometimes a little bit
too much on the jump cuts yeah you're on
are you gonna join us
yeah signs been in the video before what
signs the signs over the sink
oh no they're the best I don't go to the
kitchen and it's the best fucking thing
I've ever seen Hilary right anyone to
know that it was Hillary they've been
there since I think July they look cold
they've been there forever
yeah I was the one on the right
oh the one that makes so much sense
because that one says you can't not have
hands bill them real quick on
stop you beautiful bastards welcome to
the defranco book club brought to you by
audible doing this for a couple of
months now once a month it's been
fantastic and this month we listen to
Turtles all the way down it's the newest
title from friend of the show mr. John
Green he is as the youtuber E is an
author he's a good massage Giver I hear
not from personal experience but what
would the shame and that be John that
aside I really enjoyed getting to listen
to this over the holiday break
especially since I was sick on New
Year's Eve that said if you're new to
book club here's how it works you listen
to the book y'all send in your video
reviews to DeFranco book club comm you
tweet responses and I tell you my
thoughts up also if you're a big
believer a new year new you I highly
recommend you jump in you don't even
have to do it on this book just on the
last five months of videos that we've
done mean even if you don't do it as a
part of this book club I think just even
adding one audio book to my life a month
has been fantastic but that said let's
get started
my quickie review of turtles all the way
down a based off of completely no
formula or scoring system it's four out
of five it's something that I enjoy it
it's not my favorite John Green both but
it's also not my least favorite John
Green books we got our main character
ASA who's dealing with anxiety being OCD
dealing with a lot of stuff by her side
even though she's very much in her own
head she has a best friend Daisy in the
beginning of the book it feels like it's
going to be kind of like this murder
mystery or something akin to Paper Towns
they're going to solve the mystery of
the missing blank but then for the most
part that storyline goes away for a very
specific reason and then pops back up at
the end so as far as the reason you have
Davis the love interest is good from a
rich family his father's missing fact it
becomes part of the story because Aiza
and Daisy are trying to find his dad
there's a reward from that point on we
see internal struggle love story but
it's falling apart of them coming back
together it almost doesn't feel
necessary to talk about certain plot
points like Daisy and Michael and their
relationship and it's really not about
the plot for the most part it's just a
story about relationships people that
feel alone and different being around
one another he's is constantly dealing
what seems like an exhausting struggle
of just being inside of her own body as
well as dealing with the guilt of being
herself around other people what she
sees as exhausted not only does she feel
alone isolated unrelatable it's
happening when she's around other people
but then from other characters who
aren't suffering from the same stuff we
the similarity what I really appreciate
about the story is that they didn't kind
of sugarcoat it and just say like well
that's a thing that gives you character
or everything's just gonna be 100% okay
no John Green does a good job telling
the story of how it is actually
exhausting for other people he does that
there were friend Daisy who writes
secret fanfiction involving a character
that's based on her character that
messes things up because they're only
thinking about themselves or they're
distracted how a relationship can change
from someone trying to be supportive to
someone being resentful
that's a real and shitty truth we care
about Asia because we're inside her head
we see how the clock works and then we
see the interactions with her Davis
Daisy and we realize how one-sided it is
because we're with ASA we know that when
she kisses Davis that she's freaking out
thinking about microbes she's thinking
about how she's gonna get sick and how
she's gonna die because of she just
kissed a boy we sympathize and we see
Davis trying to accommodate for the
situation we see that with most any
interaction she has with another
character but then we don't really
because we're long with her taken into
account that this person's going through
something horrible themselves like when
ASA kisses Davis she's having that
freakout about a kiss but we're talking
about Davis lost his mother at a young
age who doesn't know where his father is
I seemingly been abandoned and has to
take care of his younger brother goes to
school and the kids are saying that he
killed his mother and his father but
because he's is dealing with all her own
stuff she's not a great friend
understandably it's a kind of a
lose-lose situation that's how her
struggle can be seen as being just
really self-involved I think all of that
kind of gets summed up in this this book
just made me think about life that it's
it's this beautiful horrible hard thing
just through everyone's interaction
where they end up in the story I feel
like it it's a way of saying that there
there is no pretty bow to this story
because there is no pretty bow to light
that's why the relationships even if
they're not forever are incredibly
important because the end of it all we
all have our own personal struggles and
we have to try and get peace however we
can so while the end didn't give me this
this big payoff feeling I still is left
generally happy with how the story went
because once again I don't need that
so that said that Franco book club isn't
just me a marine to a camera it's you
beautiful bastards yammering to a camera
how many beautiful bastards went to the
Franco book club Tom you sent in some
videos so let's look at him John Green
just has this talent being able to find
the voices of teens and it's even more
impressive here with the way we see how
well he gets into the mind of a young
girl of OCB how he's so perfectly able
to show that horrible voice in your head
that nagging feeling in the back of your
mind that will never leave you alone I
wouldn't be surprised if I found out he
had some form of OCD himself Turtles all
the way down is a fantastic book and I
look forward to seeing what else we'll
be getting one Isaiah I'm glad that we
both like the same book for one and two
yes actually John Green both in in a
recent interview and on YouTube has
talked about his OCD well I have a
mental illness called
obsessive-compulsive disorder which is
often associated with anxiety and
depression problems I think that's also
something that while this isn't my
favorite john green book makes this a
standout john green book because he did
kind of go person i did really like pick
it plotline in this book the mystery and
the tuatara and all of that stuff was
really fun to read I really enjoyed the
constant talk of all the nerdy aspects
of it the Star Wars with a ZZZ
fanfiction and David's affinity for iron
man although it took me till the end of
the book to realize that John Green
picked Iron Man because Davis is a rich
kid so of course he would connect with
this iron man hoping that one day he
could be a superhero just because of his
money and I had an epiphany like in the
middle of listening to it oh oh of
course you like Iron Man what other
superhero would you like I didn't even
think of that
I don't even think of that I don't even
think that's I Wow yes 100% yeah way you
mentioned this I want to talk about the
tuatara that's some rich people shit
where that I mean that's like some crazy
rich people shit the dead rich dad
spoiler alert you couldn't leave like
two percent to your kids to Atari needed
100 percent of your money dick move dick
dad who was the character that you found
yourself in their shoes the most was it
Asia Daisy or Davis or someone I'm
knocking immediately and what were you
thoughts I think the character I related
to the most was actually Daisy think I
kind of hit on this note I
want to be supportive sometimes when you
have to always be supportive and and the
that person or those people don't take
into account that you are also a person
dealing with your own stuff you can then
resent them easy also has that moment
where she freaks out on ASA because
she's like you think you're poor I'm
poor one of the things growing up I was
constantly annoyed by was if I had a
friend or there was a parent of a friend
that was like oh the easy way to solve
that is insert things that cost a ton of
money that makes you realize not only do
you have less but that this other person
really doesn't know even that can feel
lonely I mean one of the big things I
want to hit on is I'm not trying to shit
on Aiza and everything that she's going
through I just think it was really great
that John Green does such a good job of
kind of showing the outside of that
there was two other characters in this
book that are really worth mentioning
that really weren't characters that were
predominant but one was her car Herald
and then the second one was the phone
her dad's phone because that was really
her major league to him and her major
company source things really changed for
her after the car wreck in that phone
you can really see a big divergence in
behavior after she loses that yeah I
think that's actually a fantastic point
because those two are I mean I would
argue maybe the most important
characters and Aizaz life at one point I
think you see that completely right
after the car crash phases her
potentially Daisy's hurt and all we hear
about is the car and the cell phone the
last things that make her feel attached
though the photos are great but to
actually have something almost really
like an artifact this person that you
love that was taken away from you and
the laws of those two really kick her
spiraling into the next year
this is was one of my most anticipated
reads not because it was written by John
Green but because it is a book about OCD
which is a mental disorder that I have
one of the things I wanted to discuss
was the way he approached medication in
the book because I've seen this in a lot
of reviews how the way he approached
medication and therapy in this book was
not very positive as someone again who
experiences this type of mental disorder
I have to tell myself anytime I take my
medicine that these antidepressants are
going to save my life and
when I have to take my acute medication
for anxiety that this medication is good
for me it's not going to hurt me I'm not
going to become addicted to it as long
as I take it responsibly so as a
teenager just trying to come to grips
with her mental disorder I totally
understand why ASA was terrified I
completely understand how John Green
approached the medication and therapy is
hard therapy's not easy for anybody let
alone someone with those types of
thoughts virals where the enemy is your
own brain telling you that everything is
wrong so while I wish there was more
positive representation towards therapy
and medication
I don't disparage John for putting it
that way
because I think that it makes perfect
sense it's totally believable character
yeah I think my person will take away
with that was that was kind of part of
her struggle I say struggled not flaw
because it's definitely something you
can see that is frustrating for her it's
scary for her eventually she embraces I
just took it as this young girls having
a very hard time she's feeling like the
stuff that is supposed to help her that
should have helped her the last three
times she tried to do it it's not
helping her so she's giving up on it
really if we look at the book from
outside of Aizaz head we hope is is
going to tell her therapist she doesn't
think that medications working rather
than lying and saying she's taking it
when she's not that way she can try
another but at that point is is just
she's at the beginning or I mean not
really the beginning she's just in the
spiral I personally saw it as an example
of there is always work to do on
ourselves but like I said I could be
wrong and in fact I'd actually I'd love
to know your thoughts whether whether
you read the book whether you just want
to talk about depression anxiety
anything else let me know what you're
thinking in those comments down below
there was a lot of you know we're
working on a lot of stuff behind the
scenes we're preparing to move into a
big new studio so because of that there
won't be at a Franco book club next
month but we are very excited for the
amazing things to come the meantime
autumn Oh still offering you guys a free
audio book with a 30 day trial
membership so if you missed this book
and you want to listen to it or any of
the other five books that we've done
over the past five months maybe
something different something someone
recommended in the comments down below
go snag it signing up is easier than
ever you can just text Billy Dee to five
hundred five hundred and get started
right from your phone or you just do it
the old-fashioned way and go to
audible.com slash fili Dior just click
the link in the description down below
with that said I love your faces and I
hope you have a fantastic Tuesday right
before our actual
so you can just like show each one for
like five seconds or that it can pop
into whatever our normal intro is
alright you got literally there's
literally no more reason to film all
right I'm gonna do this why when it's
not gonna it's not gonna be you is this
something cool effect though we're gonna
do it into the lens to the only place
this goes is in the outro card I know
you've known this here we go
