I'm not the type of nigga data typing
niggas and shut down all my balls
bitches wiping nigga asian god you're
perpetuating a terrible damaging
stereotypes marginalizing oh oh oh thank
God for color commentary where our TV
shows like so I don't mean to be mean
but uh is it because it's round one that
their faces are that busted get lost
busted I like that your fans create a
triangle when you leave it open like
that
she's wrong she's wrong she's wrong
they're dumb she's wrong
what a ridiculous amazing concept of a
game oh yeah she's like he's a Padawan I
can't believe the cheerleader doesn't
know those you'd go to the tanning salon
and they give you like weird little
pieces and you want to see that calm
down the happy family so Bri who are you
you know I'm trying to figure out my
accent and we're shooting a sketch
obviously
figure out what which is the funny
accent okay speed you put a man bliss
we're like speaking with the front
uplink to the front of your mouth like
like pronouncing ashes like ice to run
through the first one the center the
second one sounds a little Connery what
are you supposed to be just a team say
Red Riding Hood hopping through the
forest when riding hood' white the
forest that sounds like a five year old
is if that's nobody going for it okay
I'm gonna save even watching the show
you notice that my background has
changed
we got the couch we got you ever wonder
those a set of lights now but the big
change has been to the vlog or this is
the almost finished set hangout area and
then we turn this whole other side into
a green screen so I'm gonna set up oh I
can't see myself because I got this
microbe up on it so when my lunch run
today I got a little something for Trey
Marshall from paw patrol his face means
nothing to you or you see it every day
if you're a parent that watches paw
patrol and then I got way too many
boxers and socks
I used to say success was having a jet
ski to me success is now never needing
to do a load of laundry to get socks I
don't care how terrible that sounds I
always mismatched them I always lose
them just got a ton of socks socks and
underwear for days and that's actually
an interesting thought what is success
what is successful to you I've talked
about the jet skis I've now talked about
the socks I've talked about it more
seriously in the sense of being able to
take care of my family but what is
success to you well at what point in
your life have you gone okay I'm
successful at what point do you think if
you haven't hit that point yet you will
think that you're successful but also a
bigger question that a lot of people
don't think about and it's something
that I've had to think about in the past
is once you hit
goal what's next is your is your goal of
success of getting like a certain amount
of money and being a certain place in
life is it so that you never have to
have a job is it so that you can
continue your job I think it's a very
important question that a lot of people
don't don't think about what do you do
after you get your dream I don't think a
lot of people realize that because the
end of the movie it's like happiness but
then what happens to the rest of the 30
to 60 years the lovers what's happening
in their life I mean it's an interesting
thing to think about in movies the story
ends when the guy gets the girl or they
win the game or something big happens
but then what else there's gotta be
something else that's why very recently
I've had the mentality of always be a B
always be working always be hustling
always be trying always be because
there's always going to be something
else until there isn't and then that
sucks and sanae-chan I've passed a
question on you to you in your life what
is success while you think about that
while you leave that comment down below
while you give that like love I want you
to know that I love your faces and I'll
be a great fucking day
oh wait there's one more thing so it's
cold for as far as lae goes but I just
got this it's a convertible and granted
it's technically you know November and
it's cold but I have this jacket from
Ubisoft Rainbow six when I played the
game over at Comic Con it should keep me
warm enough and I'm gonna drive
convertible for the first time in LA
that's weird it's been so long
