so the new car this week is a BMW
4-series and this is why I got it
will appreciates the car is the most
this one is okay the last way get it
wait I don't even know how to do this oh
shit Phil all right let's go to Venice
Beach we can get so much smash you can
get smash I'm good just talking me up
you're my driver I just want to explain
oh shit oh my god I like daddy's also
news
oh just we just in our transformer
that's all no boots no big deal
go get optimus so here's it I think I
feel like you just roll up somewhere
yeah and then you just go oh and second
Oh was it oh sorry I couldn't really
hear you that well oh wait I still can't
hear you just couldn't hear you right
needed to bring my top down this is a
button to like hit for people like a
missile comes out yes it just it seems
like someone holding like a hat full of
money and it just smacks it
I just realized oh no
now those wondering why we got read we
we didn't just get one we got several of
them but this is the first the idea is
we just got several for the office so he
can fuck around slash race James wants
to joust was it James at once the Jonas
yeah I was like I was like it's a bad
idea so it's either you or you I tried
to do too much a James H has something
with me you gotta turn around I'm not
gonna push you that way
no come on scum ah I'm so lean forward I
feel like you feel well when we get a
big enough bumper with
oh no I can't stop so just turn again
and all try okay I'm gonna just throw
you at Jordan
goodbye forever I tried to stay here
sorry so you're gonna be right here and
I'm just going to try and do a steady
shot in a circle around you
this our graphics artist or a small town
realizes to shine the brightest
sometimes you have to dinner the lights
starla dodges stars in shooting for star
okay so the last thing I want to talk
about is what offends you I was recently
on a table talk you might have seen it
you might not have seen it I'm gonna
show you uh like a 60 90 second clip
thing here's the deal it's offensive uh
people should be I don't know the
censorship that you guys have people
okay it's it's become too PC we wanted
to say retarded I was you know why I
think retarded is a bad word I really do
you know what but but you give up
retarded and then they take away lame
and that was like the most recent thing
I saw people lose my life they said you
can't say lame yes because it offends
people that can't move mm-hmm that's
what it is me even by bowlers they're
gonna take away everything ever it's
just like I don't think we need to fight
for retarded it just can't happen you
know what it's okay that we don't fight
for retarded that I hate saying I hate
in my mouth I don't like that's a word
like there's words I won't say I'm won't
a kids like what do they start with
somebody gave me like a really good
reason not to say the B word no but yeah
like there's some I say like it's like
very like sparingly I don't know why
let's go make it like high pitch you
just took all the power you know if you
didn't know me like bitch it's like
that's bad but okay okay guys yeah you
hear that Wilson okay so that
conversations stem from a thing that was
at the beginning of the episode where I
was talking about living in a world
where people are just trying to get
people to apologize for telling jokes or
or just saying anything that rubs them
the wrong way I I try to get over the
things that offend me there are certain
things that still do offend me and I try
to like lock it down like when people
still Joe when they when people joke
about 9/11 that still stings when it's
just words that has dulled but when
people do like mish-mash 'as of like
memes
and then they actually show the planes
going into the towers that hurts my soul
still I want to know like what words
kind of jokes what what offends you and
I asked that's not because I'm like I'm
gonna stay away from those topics on the
show I'm just genuinely interested
because there are certain things that we
tis we can't control our reaction to our
feelings - and I love - no I'm not I
mean I'm not gonna I'm not gonna change
I mean I might it but it's not like I'm
horrified Who I am and like what my
sense of humor is I'm just I'm just some
wonder if you've stuck with me for a
while you most likely have a very open
sense of humor or tough-as-nails skin
but I'm just wondering anyway that's it
main point I love your faces and has a
great fucking day
