so today is a busy one but because we
have so many awesome people in the
office I decided to do another word for
word where we say a word and then you
have to spout the first thing that pops
into your big stupid face let's go by
lightning jinx you owe me a dick pubes
leg face balls Oh disappoint myself
there with now did that shit the other
day and did not flush the toilet all
right that was my face but whatever on
the tray is a trash can out we were busy
we're about to go see Drake and you
jumped in the shower shame for Drake I
did a lot of things for Drake face Club
shade all shade of Dollar Shave Club
cream I couldn't think of anything save
a quick shaving cream Queen wet dream
dry touch pass hot towel I was gonna say
pussy hey wet paper
you said poo again yeah cuz I thought of
a different word but I thought it was
you know I said don't use the same word
twice
sorry about that I've never seen your
eyes is clear before there I am I'm
always in your iron I was in my room you
too
ah it's not my fault also a septic all
day goes stop being a pussy or play stop
being a say hey I just put them off on
the road to let you so much here I like
pulled it through the end they're like
my first class I literally I hate to
scroll through a lot of unclassy thing
gross I hate that wet hot American
summer no no no I would say she's so
good was that not the best oh it is like
a what to see what boobs tits nips
face brassiere me yes
B I know it would be nice if they were
in my face I always yes I want to do B
plus all is good
amazing my favorite can I say asses are
better let's be real for one second
let's let's get real okay
asses are better mm-hmm why me because I
love the jiggle girls I know okay so I
don't know but I've heard and you guys
don't like jiggle but let me tell you
jiggle is the best thing your goes
amazing I love booties I like it when a
girl like you know shows up to the date
that you assigned a couple weeks before
and she doesn't bail on you oh shit
that's the kind of a sigh like dish oh
wait that's like rubbish it's like oh oh
oh Bhupesh it's British oh well were
using that Jewish straight-up got chills
straight up not even joking
then thing about booty gotcha can't
confirm look at that you can see that
shit that mean your hair's fucking went
up too
what's wrong with you oh you got a dick
huh
