oh you can just go through this I can
are they going to talk about how
president Kanye West and president Laden
we compare that you know the reason for
the nuclear fallout so I want you to try
and make it look like me and then once
you're done I want to make it look like
you now when you give yourself like
bigger muscles or like a banded waist
line does that like do anything for your
characters I mean I can store more food
and beer my gut ok the top of it here
the middle of the year the whole ears of
the earlobes you cheek oh wow just so
you know I'm gonna be doing I'm gonna be
doing a lot of this looking at the
screen then looking at you know that's
cool I love it I'm like his brains
growing yeah how do I make your skin
like younger cuz this guy looks like he
not only survived the nuclear apocalypse
but he smokes at least two packs of Reds
a day so let's see the different
hairstyles we got bedraggled shaggy
suave I love the names they give them
they should rename these like
Williamsburg douchebags any professor at
your community college also Williamsburg
douchebag the dishonorable discharge
now wait now I want to go to the lips a
little bit we have bigger lips and that
guy whoa whoa okay so his ears yeah yeah
that's pretty accurate judging every
decision I'm trying to get your eyebrow
right I wish they had like the cholo
ones like the super light pencil
anything what we think you're good yeah
I think that's good
I'm gonna make you okay your face yeah
bring-bring I'll be over there we go you
do the creeper oh yes the AMBER Alert oh
my god I'm so grizzled that gentle wit
that's the creepiest a call that the
gentlemen they should call that the
carnival ride operator that's probably a
molester
you making me that honey I know mouth
plummet you can give your character you
got hurt why are you giving me herpes I
don't have herpes then like my wife's
like you tripped on some stairs didn't
you and I'm like yes I love it
I make you look like a runway model and
now I'm a trucker with a drinking
problem
your wife beats you because well here's
the thing because she cuz well you made
it so that she clearly wears the pants
in their relation to her she puts you
right in the face I like this so my
characters got a little bit of a
backstory okay I like that you can just
tell there's like that subtle subtext
where she's like I hope you're gonna
have a nice day that she's still pissed
off about me getting herpes if you want
to go into a third person you hit this
guy will this effect like my speed yeah
look at me am i off to open up my pawn
shop
look at my wife she's just like looking
at herself in the mirror like keep it
together this marriage is falling apart
it's probably that salesman he comes for
you every day
I can't believe Dick Tracy's in this
thing like that's cool he's making a
cameo God the babies cock-blocking me
yes followed by
blinding flashes sounds of explosions Oh
boyfriend yeah I can't be good
so this tells me give me a flower I
think you're wishing that it would be
400-pounder when you made this body even
though it's beautiful cuz all bodies are
beautiful
including my fat ass we love you too
get that nice initial blast of radiation
so he's good well I'm glad I talked to
that sales guy and depressurise I'm
thinking I was in there a little bit
longer than 10 seconds whoa shit just
got real
piece of shit I'll find who did this and
I'll get Shawn back I'm gonna talk to
the head of security of this vault
because it's clearly lacking
