now being a former degenerate I should
probably tell you that I I want I
actually got this rather than the Swiss
one because it has a little extra height
and too if you're getting this because
you're actually trying to keep something
secure you're not you don't don't the
former degenerate may wants you to know
this is like probably the easiest thing
to possibly break through either if you
really do want to do like brute force to
just rip off the top or how easy it is
to actually guess the the combination is
long as specifically for the lock at the
gym and it's so that the guy that's like
cleaning stuff up doesn't accidentally
open it that's really it all you're
saying with this is I'm putting this
lock on it so that you can't say that
you accidentally though you took my
stuff hi Sam
you're my favorite you mod Bucky right
in your face what was that oh I'm
trusting you only you because apparently
you don't trust yourself enough to drive
the car which doesn't really make me
feel comfortable all right please do not
do that in this bar if you get pulled
over and you try to explain that it's a
rental and you got it from your boss I
will deny it if I get called by the cop
just so you know but I like James grat
now yeah
psybeam ears where do I move them I'm
not gonna break it I'm gonna break it
let's watch change to get this out it
might be the bonuses start stop and shut
your dirty mouth this is the solution
what did I say like goddamn spaceship
long live we're yeah fuck yeah I got rid
of every year you got a turn I've got no
power steering this is gonna be its
video into itself just trying to get the
car moving this is your ebrake ah nope I
don't think so oh wait wait wait
can't you lock your wheel shit can't you
lock the the steering wheel in some way
wait is the car fully on oh now it's now
it's a hunt there we go there it is
we're so smart
I love it you you like you just drag it
by you're like hey hey you want to be
the video what are you doing oh come on
it's not heavy gosh dang white knight
Kevin are you saying cuz she's a woman
she can't do it I'm a post I'm gonna
post this on tumblr man thinks woman
can't do it man that's why Berwick's not
gonna do this video with me what he's
like what an excuse to whip out my knife
yeah I got that oh that's so gonna fall
I don't think you guys understand
physics there you go today was a good
day I think getting getting started
getting getting the thing that I used to
look forward to the least knocked out of
the way first is is huge and I think the
big thing if there is like a note on
that idea is that even though it's not
convenient if you want change change is
very very not convenient you get used to
something where works creatures a habit
I think I think when I get into a rhythm
I think of it as a rhythm and sometimes
if you get so used to it you forget that
and you don't realize that it's a rut
and I'm not saying this because it's
like I'm trying to be inspirational I'm
saying this because I think we all know
that we all really know that but we
don't we don't want to put in the work I
put in a lot of work for my business but
what does that matter if I'm taking away
from and not adding to my life by taking
care of myself
hey why is daddy in a weird car do you
think but are you trying to make calls
what are you doing be honest with me
right now be honest with me I love this
trim yeah so good-looking the question
is I mean I'd like it I definitely like
it do I
$81,000 Plus like it you never do
anything for yourself you guys still
never buys anything for himself except
like an Xbox like 90,000 Xbox
that's all I was like car treat yo'self
the dopest
