ah so it's around 5:30 in the morning
we're doing two new things as of today
one I'm going to be renting a car every
three to seven days using this relay
ride service not a sponsor but Lindsay
was the one that pointed me to it
so using that to test out a bunch of
cars before I make a decision to get a
new car I haven't had a new car in a few
years and I kind of want to get
something with two doors something that
I can put Trey in and safe and
convenient so uh we're starting with the
audi a7 ii new thing is i'm no longer
happy with my weight and health I am a
215 pounds as of yesterday morning I
didn't weigh myself this morning I'm not
gonna weigh myself except for like each
week and I decided I don't want to
really just lose weight because I mean
for the most part you can do that by
just running and and and eating better
so I want to eat better but I I start my
membership back up at the gym so that I
can during either my lunch or when it's
early like this I can go in really
really early get a workout in right
before breakfast and yeah that starts
today you got to start somewhere
my start again is today next we are
going to check one of the most important
things in LA and that is zero to sixty
reason being is there are a lot of
stupid drivers in LA you need to be able
to overtake them sometimes got to be
aggressive to be defensive and we're
gonna see
that felt nice and solid I'd say while
it doesn't feel as like I slap my dick
to a rocket II as it does with with my
white Challenger srt8 it just the main
thing with this vehicle is it just feels
like a solid car I don't know if you if
you if you've ever been in like a car
like that it just feels solid I feel
like it was it was well-made
everything's moving uh it reminds me of
a feeling I had when I had my Mazda rx-8
in the sense that instead of it feeling
like I'm being strapped in a car it
feels like I'm part of the car that's
that's impart of how low I am to the
road that's in part to how well and
responsive the handling is I'm liking it
so far but now we begin the week of does
it fit into my life testing accidentally
stole these towers don't tell them
alright so the good thing is it's now
720 I got breakfast in hand already got
my workout done and got the new car ah
this feels good
there's already hurt he feels like so
much has already happening don't mind
the mess cuz what I am so crazy
impressed and then then that listen man
I'm literally gonna have to have I'm
gonna have to edit you have to blur this
is the second time in a month that
you're the reason I'm having to blur
video and take that extra damn time to
do it was the time when you showed your
ass and Bri started slapping your bare
ass
you don't remember this oh I remember it
oh I remember it's the only way I can
fap at night okay okay when you watch
Trey videos why do you look like you
want to have a baby
hey don't do it I know I shouldn't yet
but like I want one it looks like a
puppy James Wyatt wow you have a baby
see that's the appropriate answer no
makeup yeah that's my good babe I put a
lot of time into making sure I don't
have a baby so I noticed on our run that
the playground was like half a mile away
smells good sure you weren't expecting
this huh
what yeah sure
Trey BAE Trey go down the slide he
thinks that this is safer oh yeah that
was awesome hmm
oh say hi mama we're almost done haha
look at all the docs Trey
Wow say hi say hi hey ducks Trey show me
what you're doing again Trey show me how
you like to go down the slide now you
psycho yeah so okay okay
set a full day at work
haha
