I don't know if there is a single frame
of video with one of you not dancing is
it is it true that's a $300 shirt yeah
look can I just tell you the story of
why I got this I had the receipt still
okay I was at Nordstrom I didn't think
that Nordstrom things were gonna be that
expensive I thought Nordstrom was like a
Macy's uh wait wait so rather than
convincing me can he can you convince
these two ladies why that's not the
worst that's possible no you have done
had no idea was this expensive uh I got
I saw her I was like well that's a
beauty so I had to get it I brought the
shirts the cashier thing in there like
they rang it up and it was one hundred
and seventy eight dollars and I was just
I didn't I was look at that Shelia we're
after the point where you go okay hi I
want to run I had that clock I was like
oh that's great and then I bought look
if that's the end of the story yeah
we're going so you just didn't want it
you just didn't want to be like yeah
yeah I'm not a peasant
this is absolutely make me hemorrhage
money right now but it's like you know
not only is too like it no it's not bad
oh my god it's not not that great I know
and it ain't no modules that make Italy
where does that's where they make the
good shirts what that's you're the worst
defensive yeah and then I just went off
into the sunset I hate talking I don't
throw the hair I don't care like however
successful I am $200 shirt that I'm
buying no yeah no no I don't know what
you constitute is porn cuz porn is half
of my job so apparently there's this
amazing video that is not as big as you
think it is I mean if it had if the
original had eight and a half mil that's
pretty big
it's seven years old okay Wow it was not
this funny we would not be trying this
hard it is if just so you know if after
all of this it sucks
what shit what are you talking about
how's that it
a half mil I don't even know a feel have
you ever have you ever seen the fork in
the garbage just garbage disposal no the
yes dance no all right so it'll be a
trade i watch i watch after that abysmal
video yes dance is the best thing that's
ever happened the way okay next question
that's not for you that's for suppiy I
was really and I didn't even scream up
offering Winfield's get off
pity both teach me food but but yeah I'm
not gonna even call it boob but I'm just
gonna say boo but your legs and then go
over so that your waist look small okay
and your boobs are in the FL but cuz
your legs crossed me fellas being
secretly C but so I mean the pose that
that makes sense to me because I feel
like a Harley would do like a whisper at
the end yeah see that makes sense to me
I want I want to know how long it took
for for him to like realize the perfect
boob but yeah it's like 70% more booty
we got to do it like a a white beacon
right I never wear away snug but it kind
of works I feel I should be a cult
leader holy that beyond I mean
essentially ya know ready alright so we
are going to uh we were going to play
word for word
yes so I'm gonna say a word and I look
at it and then you just go black you
just throw out the first leg on it
yes exactly I have not seen these yet
but because there are three of us I'm
just gonna have you do and then I'm
gonna let them decide who won okay first
word smelly oh yes okay about smelly
orgy no thank you well that's bound to
happen it is right good this part of it
you gotta know that I don't know if
there's a non smelly orgy maybe in the
beginning reverse Kappa Kappa Coco I
think I said cowbells wet dry but but
truck but kisses okay alright so if
you're too slow you get to slap the
other person new rule just made it up by
doing that that would be unfair
oh no L just loving this jerky pearl
dive I was thinking of pail from Sponge
Bob but I took too long to say because
my hair I told you I've been loving
these drifters I think that was verging
on psycho degree
hey lovey acts like boobs
yes please wait what as I climb and
bondage it uh Supreme Leader
oh man for a second you went up way too
much like jiggle mm last word okay
squirt
Rooney one of the cleanest s answer I've
heard is squirtle yeah so thank you I I
feel like I have a little bit of an
insight in the boat do you guys think a
lot about feet a lot about boobs and
butts you yeah you have like four butts
in a row um yeah that's irrelevant to my
interest
what about butts I mean I get it like
when you Boyd you can just go did I did
I didn't do that's not their thing they
got your back you get up and do a waddle
jiggle dance no well I would actually
show you but then it would just be you
focusing on my butt where I'll just be
like cooking food or something and if
Ken's like comes and gets a drink I'll
just go do you need to do together any
final thoughts um I said Gracie fate
which is not not
and whenever anyone gets mad at me I get
really really upset like I am the key
target controls I'm well aware of that
don't tell the internet these things
widgets auntie true I remember the most
jealous so this video online
