yeah Emily like absurd oh it's covered
in peanuts and then there's wafer normal
not damn today I'm slammed with a bunch
of boring stuff oh oh but that doesn't
mean we can't do anything so I'm gonna
send out Amanda and the crew to give out
a bunch of that candy that we got from
Australia the other day so one behind me
no I'm just I'm just crazy I'm not in a
place that I feel safe Amanda you don't
make me feel safe here
why Keith don't worry I'm an expert with
throw in my left hand when I'm not
looking in that direction especially
during his face hey in my defense with
the whole hitting Jordan thing it was a
perfect throw a terrible catch also I
probably should have said watch out okay
Andy yeah take the candy Lieberman
looking like a dad those pants are too
short we're going oh let's go to the ED
babe let me get it all right anybody
want candy I don't know what I want
I'm leaving in five four if I think
they're going to the old gold did you
get mad I don't wanna okay so I'm asking
I didn't ask you if you wanted to meet
wait do you want any for me
no I'm good hello would you like Burger
King
because we don't like you Thank You UK
candy this is Australian stuff oh yeah I
got a sentence what you got me into no
this is Australia oh okay Rick oh my god
marketing everything
no one can about candy what about
Cameron okay are you sure that's what
about honey soy chicken chips all from
Australia yeah Emily like its head oh
it's covered in peanuts and an egg way
for an animal not damn I thought it was
gonna be a bite gonna be that is a bite
from one smell real gross mmm I can eat
a because I like I don't like this
okay bye bye money you want some candy
from straight out of friendly things
that's a trick look everyone's trying
these they're called clinkers you have
to try one today like glue cleaners you
wanna try one okay oh my god I saw one
metric I said things like I can eat this
I know exactly what these are these are
caramel chocolate with like a gummy bear
mm-hmm yeah she's like me Audrey I
almost put this back in the box
can we just say she has cat food on her
dead you should put it in there anyway
you should put it in their eyes
let me explain this office from Christie
because she accidentally bought it for
her dog it's not fine guys I know you're
working really hard yes but also would
you like some candy from Australia
anyone who won't die by leaving their
position you want to come get them you
have to try these these clinkers Mazda
Oh guys corn and a Chris try that we
really like looks like a dinosaur Roger
asset Park again any of that any of it
go
I understand cleavage Appa get a good
listen to this what does that again
Ricky would you like leaders chalk on
you this one bed llamas no more powdery
okay idioms this is definitely pepper oh
my god says tasty chicken recipe did you
you are the demo song as this awful
animals all Kevin okay I went to Audrey
and she had cat food on her desk and I
thought it was part of the candy she
took out so I put it in ma huh a
philosophical moist treats for cats
yeah I do a lot of things for free
so will you put this in your mouth I'll
put a lot of things in my love for
France kidding me you know you guys
didn't know no I'm line am I gonna get
famous yeah wow this smells like cat
food
hey yeah we'll do a SourceFed story on
how you died I really don't have to no
please Oh
yeah I gotta leave you now please don't
die my famous car we mail to you in two
to three weeks
where's how the concubines where's the
Thames doesn't that happen
occupy how these for real is just like
suppose be gross yeah yeah could be okay
Freddie whoa whoa whoa thuds one of
these wait I know no way no way try the
Queen purrs you enjoy your fingers okay
I'll call you
it's a Jaffa so chocolate in orange
nothing bags of that are we going back
there I'll crush your gross multiple
stars oh yeah waitress trick this one is
good so for this is good there you go
bring everyone together guys they made
someone need to catch it all so I just
found out fantastic news apparently the
target cells Tim Tams so uh I guess you
know me losing 25 pounds not gonna
happen like that was the only thing in
the way anyway have a great fucking day
