can you at least give me a B that I can
sing too
hahahaha thanks Jay I don't know the
words of the soul but I'll make my photo
I don't know where I will be when the
when the window comes when the snow when
the snow when the snow comes I'm gonna
go and get some dragons I'm gonna go get
some Baggins no I just mixed up to John
Rose yeah he's like Frodo we all like
show creamy Thrones get it cuz Jon Snow
but also throw it out David Bowie him
bigger pimples and we have Sal and I
didn't name his yet - Sal his can be
Fred uh I tell you that for probably the
first week I thought you meant you were
working with Martin Short ha ha ha
I was like I was like holy shit and I be
honest with you what I would be a little
bit more pumped about okay I thought I
thought you were gonna say I thought
that's who we were getting yeah someone
was like listen man we can get a video
we can get someone to be in your video
it's either gonna be Martin Starr or
sure I would even let them finish
I love Martin Starman I think he knows
that Martin Short would get it on again
it was like months the sense of it
Martin Freeman Freeman Whitley's
realizes a lot of Awesome mark wait a
second Lawrence okay wait so it was
those guys and then you made that jump
how about this the Martian I'm Gus bud
hey I was like I was like I know he hung
up on me I love seeing his like sad face
though he's like oh hi good eye
we just finished the PDS I think we have
some things that are going to hit on a
on a vloggity and Facebook and then I
think I'm gonna try and see if I can get
a few people to do scare videos I
realize a lot of people haven't played
the game outlast and the second ones
coming out so I'm gonna try to uh I'm
gonna try to see if I can get some
people that normally don't play scary
games to play oh hey there how you doing
which I doing okay well no epic it turns
out that we we got a lot of mail I know
we just did a mail video but we have a
lot of extra mail so I'm gonna do and
then get rid of it course we want to
send something through the mail you can
send it to this mailbox right here that
said let's get start he think by now I'd
be prepared this is from game box LLC
and good in this package are a few
different sized t-shirts and also if you
drink coasters for you and some of the
people at the company all of us here at
game box are huge fans of the defranco
Network many of us here play me of our
addiction to rocket League I'm sorry but
also you're welcome given the nature can
check us out at game box comm slash X
slash nation where we offer basically
limited user server and a premium
unlisted server
oh it's voice servers we got a bunch of
Schwing I think James melee is gonna be
happy because he's gonna get a shirt
that's not for a woman this time thank
you you lovely bastards a game box this
one I have no idea it's very light but
it says open from this top angle
scissors oh there's something for
Lindsey should I open it ah what the
heck oh it's - let's read the note dear
Phil first off I'd like to thank you for
the video you recorded from comic-con my
friend Devin was there and got it for me
oh yeah every now and then when I meet
people in public they're like hey my
friends not here can you film a video to
make them jealous which by the way is
kind of a terrible piece to get me to
film something or with people like
LeBron loves you we gotta get a picture
so they hate themselves for not coming
out good friends there's a lot in this
but what really stood out to me is it's
amazing how old
knowing someone through watching their
videos can make you feel so close to
them agreed and I think that's why I try
and share the good and the bad
everything that I can hear on this
channel because I for me it's it's an
outlet but also I understand that by
sharing it also makes those people going
through similar things or maybe even
things far worse knowing that like that
everyone goes through something like
that also I love both of these but I
really really really love this then we
have a package I probably wouldn't open
without damaged it looks except reflects
it says security screen so hopefully
that's a legitimate thing and not a
stamp you have that you use to trick
people with oh no but also yay holy crap
dear fillings in tray tray can't read
yet this is a joke hey they're from
Australia my name is Amelia and I'm a 21
year old University student Club the
defranco fan blog my boyfriend thinks
I'm a weirdo for caring so much about a
family I've never met but whatever
Amelia leave him become one of Lindsay's
sister wives don't tell NZ I said that
it's a joke hopefully these sweets will
inspire you to venture down here one day
thank you also when she's talking about
the candy holy crap I want to do
something with this that's kind of
inappropriate but I don't know why I'm
gonna do it uh isn't our keys in this is
this is going above your desk or is it
just so you know that I'm always
watching and then I think you this is
either you or Jordan I think you should
fight for it it's an ostrich jumping a
bubbly jump rope Bubba oh I see it and
then this is this is called actually I
love this one it's called fuzzies wait
why does he get that really cuz that's
my favorite one he's my favorite oh what
a twist what James there's one thing
what's up we agree to do this thing
before before I actually tell you what
it is
it depends what if can I be like I can't
do what this thing is um dia it involves
something sweet
that's so I don't know I trust you to
put things in my mouth no we'll go on it
all go in your mouth
don't go in your mouth unless you want
it to sure yeah Amanda come over here
James I need you to get on your knees
real fast this is so weird
ah you have to you have to want it J I
was originally going to ask someone else
to do and I was like the only person who
feels like it would be weird with is
James which might actually be weird okay
this is from Christopher Harmon with
that sick ass sukkah is like a corn on a
unicycle I believe it is there we go so
Christopher said he started a small
business cuz he saw my real Oakley's
apparently these are fake Oakley's why
you totally cannot tell where he sells
mismatched sunglasses on the cheap so
for everyone ever like Phil where do you
get your glasses uh my upper towards
your liver here's mine where oh please
all right gifted me from Lindsay's dad
who owns like a sunglass place and I
just asked for the mismatched lenses but
if you if you want to do it on the treat
you can email out-of-the-box loot at
gmail.com I don't know if he's a scammer
but why did I do that this one is from
Gary baby what the fuck no wow okay Gary
I don't even know what to say here you
just gave me the first-ever DeFranco
family heirloom without saying
everything in your video I'm very glad
that that you you also went from being a
broke college kid to being good in your
life I just I still like this is the
most expensive gift anyone's ever gotten
me but feeling if we were dating I'd
have to suck your dick even though we're
not dating I feel like I should have
sucked your dick a note though I don't
want to suck your dick Gary guys it's
gonna be it I want to thank everyone
that sent stuff also if you want to send
anything you can send it here I'm lost
for words but no matter what have a
great fucking day
ha
