that's not a good face for me to make
why'd I do that why would you why would
I immediately do this what was that case
I don't know kid they only gonna shut
the door why you gotta be mean to them
Joe they're too loud Phil but
distracting or works came into their
place no no but they're places at that
line there and in their knowledge in the
video that Brian didn't die I mean I
know he was in in like one of the last
ones yeah I think it's more fired die
I'd still be alive oh just be a little
upset like wishful thinking Phil all
right though what the hell are we doing
right now I'm just I'm just leaning you
shut the fuck up right oh my got so dark
in here
hey guys thanks for tuning into Phil's
male video if we ever have like in front
of a live audience than that because it
is last so we have a mailbox that we
jump we remember about every month or so
yeah and so I'm gonna open your stuff
you guys usually send weird stuff or
nice stuff actually this is like it's a
nice mix sometimes it's like 50% I say
don't send us this yeah they do it oh no
I just remembered what I told everybody
that is a legitimate don't fucking do
that opening these boxes what you say
don't send us a lotto tickets like $100
ticket
hey this is from a long time watcher
since before the clock wall I love that
it's like BC WAF w-wait a CW provider
people trust me with the needles I'm
sorry opening box with a steak knife and
figured you couldn't find a proper knife
I work in the shipping department
currently I know the feeling go Jets
Christian Rocha thank you Christian I
found out thanks to a viewer I I was
carrying around a knife that was
actually a legal River for yeah for Los
Angeles because it was like spring
loaded over a certain size thank you
Andrew Belanger that's not how you say
that name hello from Alaska my name is
Caitlin and my boyfriend Andrew and I
are fans of you guys especially baby
trade love the videos much love and then
there's like a second ladder oh okay
okay
it's for both of them I was very
confused I was like is this rich one of
each personality so much love do you
guys thank you oh oh
a doggy a doggy sampler tea a bunch of
oh trains sorry oh wow oh my god I
thought this one's great
oh yeah and detection fee will ask a
book that's sweet thank you this is from
oh that's just this quick way is that
you know this says Christmas stuff but
it is doesn't say who it's from
basketball game doe globe rocks
coal and a bunch of other awesome
Christmas stuff oh there's a look hope
2018 is so kind to you and you're
surrounded by love positivity and
wellness have a beautiful time make you
multiple times a pass vidcon's and your
cárdenas towards me and others is the
best thing whenever I read nice stuff I
feel like it's so self-serving but I
also want to like get their message
across
oh good well thank you here's my whole
thing about is meeting people I'm on my
nicest best behavior I don't care I have
the fucking blue I don't know I don't
care if anything's in bet someone
actually has come to my table while I
was eating with my children my wife has
gone to like let me get out so I can
take a picture with them and they
misread it and sat down at my table
oh my children oh and I'll still take
the fucking picture because it's like I
want it to be a good experience
yeah you know like I hear every story
here about someone meeting like meeting
someone out here is like fucking dick
you don't always hear like the other
thing or there was like there were 50
people in the mall chasing Shane Dawson
that's not that Shane Dawson's addiction
a Dawson's a beautiful person I thanked
Shane you ever asked me to be on a
fucking podcast
I should probably shouldn't be on that
well we just want let people know about
how you're charging for autographs no
pictures yes fifty dollars it goes to
the fifty for Phil getting steak fund
yeah it's a horrible name but I came up
with it right now this is from Monique
anyway I enjoy your show thanks for the
for the open-minded approach I mention
that I love sugar fish and then muster
thank you uh thank you $50 baby I'll
take that this is I must be talking
about this because I got a I got another
one from someone reasonable oh really
if you are in LA you want a good sushi
place go to sugar fish I don't think
they take reservations but top-notch
Thank You Monique this is a better
present than fucking 98% of things I
guess don't send a signal fish don't
meat sugar fish gift cards do you like
sushi yeah love it though
breezy no no yeah I feel like we don't
have anything in common but we have that
but yeah I guess we like maybe we'll
have a sushi date sometime Phil May I
should bring like a sushi professional
but cook sushi here know what we got the
sugar fish gift card okay I'd be like
hey sushi guy we should hire a sushi
fish chef to come in don't slip in there
this says a Borak and citric ass
have you opened this no maybe I think so
I hope the Franco I know you said not to
send you acid but I saw these items and
couldn't resist hope you oh you're good
holiday Christmas are good boric acid
can we eat it I feel so stupid what is
boric acid I've heard of it I feel like
this is the first time citric acid has
ever been in a holiday wrapping this is
a person this is from Baxter booth I
think that this is supposed to be an
outfit for Zak's Corgi early or Carter
no it's for a dog what about my dog I
can't put on my dog oh yeah yeah you
have a dog what dog deep does you have
do you have this is from nil me goddamn
it every fucking time really never
expected there be a day or I get two
packages of citric acid okay when you
guys look up the use of this acid stuff
look how gusto Simon quarter gasp all
right this from the whiskey shop in San
Francisco so wanna wish you a belated
birthday I love you face thank you
member de frança will eat love your
face you're ever in the UK I'll buy you
a plate I'm a whole lot of us is maybe I
like free alcohol also maybe a good
conversation ooh
some single malt whiskey Christie I
think he's gonna be for you don't worry
it's not citric acid
is that a penguin sound what is that is
that what penguins do owe you is a
symbolic adoption of an emperor penguin
oh wow this is the second adoption they
have of a penguin so now I have two
penguins oh what's the name it name it
now name it now Christie what's the name
it name it no oh boy you name it now
like these things matter
I don't know I'm a man now is a good man
no Joe that's a bad name I don't know
I'll think of it okay they're at least a
picture I'll call em Henry Henry oh the
one that died Long Beach the aquarium
Henry the penguin died recently yes they
told you that yeah no I know but like
what brings up the like hey let's
mention a penguin of course you brought
it up this is one beta I'm missing up
the names of Billy the mixtape it's Aven
actual cassette what what names one
spent a second year film major at San
Francisco State University loved to
collect records make mixtapes express my
gratitude where do you even find the
stuff to do this anymore
that's be like yeah I gotta have to go
to my dad's house and go through the
closet he's so interesting to see like
how it sounds it's crazy to me that
music exists on this or if you look at a
fucking record player yeah how the fuck
does that work that's insanity
have you seen like the microscopic
pictures of uh record players yeah when
you see like those like this like the
hair files it's why I don't get it it's
sign it's magic is what it is thank you
very much one Ryan Sutton Christie this
is for you again it's out
it's made out of penguin thanks Ryan
that's so sweet
hey I just want I don't want to point
out christy is gone - penguin gifts and
I'm gone re acid one last one this is
from Mike alums Time Lord Academy of
Gallifrey love it what that I don't know
dog it over bra no I don't who the who
oh and then a mug that the handle is
broken
oh no don't send this broken handled
mode that's funny I wish that the handle
wasn't broken that's alright that is
really good thank you
chip I may well have one that the guys
pasted back together you know their
challenges all those pieces yeah guys
thank you so much for sending us
everything from acid to Penguins actual
gifts of course if you want a mail stuff
in the future here is the mailbox
address that said I hope you enjoyed
this video some of this stuff that's
gonna be coming out more and more are
gonna be kind of these updates on
everything that we're building out still
I want to keep the the weird
behind-the-scenes stuff but it's gonna
be interesting and getting kind of these
is kind of like light breaks from the
horrible world that we have to
constantly talk about is very nice so
thank you I love your faces and I'll see
you tomorrow maybe one like two days
okay I don't know what Joe's posting how
are you that's great it's so great what
you have to say thank you oh it's a
knife only they would send us a real
penguin oh don't send us a real penguin
don't send us a real penguin
