so the negative thing about waking up
after 7:00 is I'm already like an hour
and a half behind the good thing is I
get to be like a normal person
hey do I see a sleepy baby let's up
light up just a little hey little bud oh
my god calm down why do you get so
except for gave me so bad I don't know I
got a dream about smash I was hoping
that you're gonna be like offended
they're just like knowledge day it's
like yeah I know
dog trash so wait did people actually
give you shit for being her Pikachu
outfit yeah so last night we picked up
here low at like 9 p.m. you know and um
we were having like a pajama party cuz
we had a late night stream and I was
like it's cold so I'm gonna go home in
my Pikachu minutes all right
and people pointed at me
three of them maybe I mean it might not
have been like me and I might have been
like oh Pikachu
the thing is though the difference
between being Pikachu and being a
homeless person is how dirty the outfit
is yeah I know it's only a lot of bags -
I was like - bad guys oh yeah oh yeah
you were carrying your bedroom around
you were definitely doing this person ed
boys but I was wearing a Pikachu have
all right so we're gonna stream a little
halo oh man I have him decent at halo
since halo 2 afk kill someone spartan
tackled my butt I
boom three peas okay here we go here we
go all right I'm gonna just try and
punch a stack worth it I don't give a
shit not like a minute at oh why does it
have to be this close
my one what makes sense this game is far
too stressful for me one of the most
annoying things with filming with any
camera is once I go outside it's usually
garbage also there's always like an AC
thing going on even the camera is
autofocusing so I finally went and
tested the trippity B uh-oh will you
ever focus No yeah I got the skinny
micro muff which sounds like a weird
weird sex website that I would most
likely traffic but it sits on the top of
your point shoot and it should take out
all potential uh wind audio why am I so
stupid here we go let's try so this goes
over the top thing on the
point-and-shoot and then it attaches to
that and it will stick ah so I'm gonna
put this bad boy right over here make
sure not to cover any of the holes one
second okay the negative thing on this
one is that I'm not gonna be able to use
the light but I don't really use this
for regular pictures so that's not going
to be really necessary and then we're
just gonna attach it like so now it
looks like my camera's this guy and I'm
like a little bush or a mohawk hey why
are you so dark there we go so the AC is
on and here not sure if it's gonna make
a massive difference right underneath
the vent right here so I don't know if
there's any difference but then stick
them this is what I sound like now also
hey look this is uh turning the green
screen wall and then put it back on ah
I'm gonna die I'm gonna die vlogging for
you how noble of me alright so for
general delivery
so just for general noise I just see
that there is no difference but now
we're gonna actually use wind if this
will turn on why would you have this not
plugged in are you doing with your life
nice so now in front of the fan this is
what I sound like in front of the fan
right so this is this is hopefully
terrible audio now we're going to use
the microphone
so theoretically it should be different
the idea here being that if I'm out on
the street should be a way better than
if I was rolling with it without this so
we'll see might work why not so we got a
few new designs for leggings I also got
word I don't know if I'm supposed to say
this that posters are coming back aside
from the sale but they're gonna be
different posters so we're gonna do one
big one coming soon just keep an eye out
or follow at for human peoples on
Twitter and probably some other stuff
for its he's what other designs do you
have do you have anything that you can
talk about oh we might might do some
baking ones bacon
well you want to do is match your shirt
okay so there we might have a
complimentary bacon leggings with the
shirt we want to do possibly something
for Hunger Games but it's still bearing
that out yeah man I'm like I'm like who
is not gonna sue us
star thank you hmm why are you listening
to boom boom pow the fuck are you doing
you'll see Berber like that phone the
bomba song it's the best song in the
world yeah okay but I always have to
people like why do you change it when I
change it and it's cuz this is like the
whole video sad you know what he's
saying no do you know what he's saying
what is he saying he's saying um Bom Bom
forever
Bom Bom like explosion explosions bomba
is like like Bom Bom like and finest am
today is forever
I don't think haven't heard the rest of
the song just that sniffing so to the to
the poor Ricans
that are part of the nation let us know
what it is
take it it could honestly be the meanest
most terrible thing in the world it
still makes me want to dance really
great happy
me
