okay let's get started first off please
do excuse the change of schedule it
turns out that our company had signed a
contract with actually it's pretty
complicated and I don't know if I can
legally talk about it so main thing to
know these vlogs are back on schedule it
wasn't really anything to do with me not
wanting to do them not having time to do
them I just gonna leave that there
but today's video we are going to be
opening up some mail first if you'd like
to send stuff to me you can send it here
it can be well I want to say anything
but not like no bombs that's preferable
but usually common sense here we go
Kristin snow Oh Kristin we've matched
Dubin face messing up the autofocus what
if I do this this is you put your focus
now there we go
Kirsten I do remember you getting very
anxious but don't worry I get it that's
actually one of my favorite things
Lindsay and I talking about
our general anxiety and people feeling
like they're part of something which you
are I get it because I live it and
Kirsten I want to say thank you for the
letter I love you face and also thinking
it over
sure whatever to be shepard a busy
shipping the river thanks for coming to
SourceFed Philly D live and yeah we are
planning to do it DeFranco does New York
at some point I want to do it in a very
small capacity not flying out a billion
people we'll figure it out Miles
Blackwell it's a fantastic villain name
I mean that the positive sense if I had
superpowers I'd be a villain letter to
Philip DeFranco yeah my name is Val D
correctly don't show this on screen oh
my gosh dang rebel so I'm not gonna
share 99% of this letter my favorite
thing though is it weird that I've seen
Steven septic on tinder maybe but I
don't know what his girlfriend's all
about that's inappropriate and should be
in this video next up Ryan photo oke I
know actually I know this is from this
is uh does he still go by Rhino bows
probably not I mean these flip books a
tray at work one for you and one for
linens I hope you guys enjoy them keep
them up
let's try tres first steps alright stop
focusing on my face camera I appreciate
it and out of ten time come on there we
go
I'm not sure this is gonna it is gonna
take some some skill apparently that's
awesome
and then tres first joyride never
realized how out of frame he was in most
of these Thank You Rhino buddy that's
awesome that's this is this is actually
stuff like this this is what a birthday
present for me is I've talked about in
other videos I've asked my parents for
pictures and just things about the
family cuz if it's like a camera I'm
gonna buy this my friend is awesome
thank you so much this one's from cereth
better soon
awesome
side note this is videos not brought by
assassin's creed syndicate i just
finished playing it this morning since I
woke up for some reason at 4 a.m. I
don't think I own anything that's been
embroidered so thank you Sarah do not
bend this is uh this is Royal Mail woo
the sender is e mcLaughlin holy crap
awesome names I'm having on my minds
freaking out right now
I don't know how weird it is to look at
it on the on your screen just ripping my
mind out let's see oh there's something
heavy in the but what the hell and oh my
god why do you want me to be so fat
greetings from Scotland I bet you never
thought that he should reach this far
the reason I know that the nation
reaches that far is that when I went to
Dublin Oh Tana Scottish people were like
yo what about us though I've closed some
proper chocolate for you in the gang now
that dusty crabs a password chocolate on
your side of the pond is that sure do we
get what do we have shitty chocolate
every day should have chocolate in it
that should be someone's catchphrase how
is that not someone's catchphrase and
the pictures for tray so you can see a
proper Thomas the Tank Engine
hiya I'm actually I'm really interested
to see how he reacts with us I might
include thank you sir the last thing is
this that's a great way to break a pen
so this from Liz Edmonds I like that I
acknowledge this breaking the pen and I
just continue to do it what is this
thank God for editing complimentary
bacon
tasting what the hell is this okay I'd
like to extend an invite to you and a
guest to attend the bacon party but
bacon causes cancer no one cares the
event will be catered with bacon
desserts appetizers a variety of bacon
samplings of the new cinnamon and sugar
rub bacon classic bacon and steakhouse
bacon our DJ is Amy Pham why didn't you
get a DJ that had a bacon name but it
even like DJ Amy Pham she has to be
attractive when I'm right I'm right this
is one of those moments you realize that
maybe it's not always best to not open
your packages as soon as you get back
but it's bacon this asset still be good
I'll cook breakfast for some of the team
people that are not integral to my
videos and they don't die in the next
three days then a bacon really didn't
see this coming Liz thank you for this
thank you very much for the bacon and
I've never been invited to a bacon party
and no one has ever sent me what looks
this is easily about eight pounds of
bacon so Liz I thank you for giving me a
first they don't have a lot of firsts
left in life at least in my general
day-to-day so thank you and that's that
