this segment shouldn't be called did
Trump say it should be why life sucks on
the transgender community when did we
start giving a shit about these people
oh wow someone from Fox News it's him
it's got to be him I would it's got to
be him I'm gonna say no that's pretty
that's brilliant and I feel like people
would have talked about I feel like that
would have been a really big thing yeah
so then maybe no he's a host of a
podcast oh that's a it's not a not
another guy
I never do I miss e true that's not
Trump no yeah that's that's something
far worse than Trump is Adam Carolla
yeah we'll say that yes it is Adam girl
shit oh that makes a lot more sense yeah
he's a big know who that is to do from
the man show Dom now we got up now that
okay they're sending people to have lots
of problems they're bringing drugs
they're bringing crime they're rapists
no no not Trump and Trump oh this is for
sure oh yeah who do you think said it
Bernie Sanders oh that's great I'm some
pizza then I've covered yeah that's
Trump for sure yeah it was Anne Coulter
someone with something like that hundred
percent drop it is oh I just saw an
interview where she said it was she
reiterating that I was like probably my
least favorite quote either and that
ever when that happened and I was like
oh he's puku crazy he's running for
quest and people are way into that
George Bush doesn't care about black
people that Whoopi Goldberg or something
George Bush George Bush headed cars
ganya look out again oh it's Kanye it's
Kanye I knew it but now it was Kanye
close with Whoopi though on that yeah i
watch that clip again recently it's so
funny it's so great I remember seeing it
live and not realizing it at the time
but the first thought I had was like
looking at Mike Myers like poor my
client Mike Myers was kind of just like
I believe in white supremacy until
blacks are educated to a point of
responsibility well that's got to be
like the fucking some clothes plan
members this video hurts my feelings
wait hmm I person it that sounds like
something that he would say not
intending it to be inflammatory where
it's every word of it isn't women right
some people really say this kind of shit
who is it
tell him electron Baptist Church cowboy
cowboy Clint Eastwood
well howdy Park I'll never expect such a
thing I reckon you don't realize I'm a
racist
was a Paul Newman or was it John Wayne
John Wayne John Wayne yeah John Wayne oh
man people love him huh
I kick him in his gun told her his
bullet bag
I'd kick his horse in the balls
