yes music hey I like that one - we're
gonna be a pretty princess hear that mom
oh wow that's a piece just take it hey
do robots talk like that emotion okay
you definitely have to have this mm-hmm
I'm a magic princess yes yes oh that's
not that's that's clean oh I like
aluminium instead of aluminum okay so I
mean she kind of just wanted you to
think I'm for sure I think mm I think
I'm gonna call you Katrina ready I could
have brought my still Flynn IV had 12
foot tall robot they've been down I've
heard that before
ladies yeah cuz you're gonna really
attract someone like this I'm two
minutes
oh you're getting you again
robots um half those robots gonna have
that so there's no problem I don't want
it makes sense that I have wings just
saying no that's a fairy minute Oh any
oh all right you can't miss the Hat you
know I've actually never put lipstick on
myself
this tastes better when girls wear it oh
I got it on your I'm so sorry
give me some boobies I am a robot from
the future a sex robot he pay me just
enough I'll make one of your dreams come
true and my male or female your choice
well Katrina here everyone got your
crowns yeah tiara
well the fucking
as well that Katrina was your pick girl
you know cheerleader what think the
found myself a cheerleader ready
sorry for all the viewers who did not
know Sophia has an ass just a little
payback just a tiny bit there you go you
like the nose there you go
this is a very short you're a
cheerleader
you're like an Oakland Raiders
cheerleader
that's 14 hear that dad I named the
sports team
what clowns where you where you got
funny hair right oh look see it's so
cute every girl and boys gonna want to
dress up like this here we go great
right
so you made some food for boys are you a
dead clown no you didn't know you're
alive I'm sorry but I I'm I'm not really
no clowns that well I tried to avoid
them as much as possible yes I'm trying
not to freak out oh you're gonna get it
so you're gonna get it look how silly
this is your old this there you go it's
a worm like a waitress I mean maybe the
oh I like these for the hands am i
cleaning someone's house no your clown
we're gonna have to make you some
pom-poms that's what we need maybe use
that as a pom-pom this is a pom pom
isn't it yeah chuckles look Lou you know
when the clown pulls it out of their
mouth oh yeah there you go
goodbye down there you go
throw it tonight on me to make how about
we put some Adam cuz you're a
cheerleader
oh so silly look at these look how silly
here oh okay no I'm just at a rave first
doc I was homecoming queen to all those
out there that are gonna make a joke
stop right there first off well with my
name your name is Stephanie Stephanie if
you want to hate yourself wear this well
I mean visit the typical clown and then
is chuckles that's business I actually
think I've hit rock bottom I know
everybody's have a great Halloween
everyone have a great Halloween don't
you think I wouldn't do patrina and
Stephanie don't do anything do Bobby
faint out you can do the football team
happy Halloween duck for what to wear oh
oh sorry I should use the bubble wrap on
me give me more ass
perfect
