okay really fast I just saw this picture
which I imagine is from real life my son
has severe allergies and comes home
every year devastated that he can't eat
any candy he's collected at your homes
while trick-or-treating don't exclude my
child or any other child from the fun
this Halloween practice responsible
parenting and do not distribute candy
containing nuts or any kind of gluten or
dairy no I understand it's 2015 and
everyone supposed to like love and
appreciate and consider every individual
unique snowflakes opinion this mentality
of if I can't have it nobody can have it
is ridiculous
you know else has that mentality psycho
ex-boyfriends if I can't have her no one
can so please rather to potential other
bitch parents out there don't try to
change the entire world for your unique
snowflake one maybe the next time you
write a condescending letter to the
entire neighborhood that you staple on a
pole in the neighborhood you say
something like hey can you also include
these things on top of the stuff for
everyone else or two maybe after you
take your kid out trick-or-treating that
there's a fun thing at the end of the
night where they take all that candy and
they exchange it for a healthier thing
like things that won't kill them so the
kid gets to experience a fun time of the
year and then you guys have like your
own tradition or finally three if you
want to continue being a twat that does
stuff like this at least include please
so you don't seem like such a bitch hate
people like this that's all hey guys
just a heads up we will be back to the
every single day there's a new video as
of Saturday there was this whole other
thing I explained it on snapchat it's no
big deal we're back to regular business
as usual Saturday
