boy this sounds like it's gonna be
racist party hats like midgets you wear
in your head or something I don't know
or maybe like Oh a condom condom that
condoms no I think a party hat well I'm
going off of what I think your birthday
suit is so I'm assuming a party hat you
put a party hat on with nothing else no
it's like tent-polling I got dick from
the brand long back that boner is the
only thing it's not a bad thing
holy fucking opposites people you wear
on your head okay I'll just read the
same yes please hey you must be cold out
because your mom has a party hats on
nipples hard nipples that like when your
nipples are hard
yes Oh her nipples are hard oh I can see
that Oh would that be like nipple
tassels Oh what would my mom wearing a
cold day rechtin Mythili pointed needles
oh that's why you're there and then you
just like slowly Oh God party hem
nipples yeah I like my sentence better I
had a car I got this and not you
there is no there isn't y'all we're not
doing it yeah I wouldn't do it
correct och dick fever boy this sounds
like it's gonna be racist seriously yeah
I give you like the easiest words and
use some bullshit like that that's this
is really easy is it really some really
easy bullshit does this have something
to do with sperm no Arctic fevers I only
wanna fuck an Eskimo a Russian like
jungle fever but not like when your dick
is frostbitten or someoneís can you hit
me with the sentence Oh God I know a boy
who has our cheek fever that's the
sentence no no I want to give you the
census huh but I asked for isn't that
how this game works sentence young-shin
do you like asian girls no I have Arctic
fever okay these white people
oh so like you just like white people
that's like someone who's like into
Eskimos or something oh do you like
Asian wait say that again
sensible young can its young be chance
only does me a white person wrote this
thing to help me your white person's
reading it to you it's better prices it
sounds racist I'm sorry no I don't want
to be racist ki7 or can you say the
definition I don't want to be racist I
don't wanna be racist when you're
attracted to white girls only
hardik fever I never heard of that Oh
cuz yeah jungle fever okay I get it
is it racist to say jungle fever I feel
like it is right you have a heart to
fever I like white girls with big
booties well aren't sick fever when
you're attracted to white girls only
really yeah
don't say that shit about me only I like
the ones also where you can tell what
they are
oh yes in my favorite mix of like German
and Spanish
I like your when they're French and
Italian Mexican Oh Chi an Asian girl oh
this is fucked up hurt you mama
I feel like it's it's like that sounds
like you Center I say Fuji but also make
it more of a sandwich is when you go
down on a hootchie know that you're yes
give me a sentence I need a sentence for
that it's Angeles please get out of my
daughter's undies you stupid ho chi o
hell no no what the fuck this is
I don't do the daughter shit oh and I'm
under a young gun
than young sexually aggressive man boy
boy bad he does something very he
definitely really specific am i am i no
no no amount of guessing out of my
daughter's underwear you ho chi what
part of the world is does this exist to
get a young daughters here on the right
you know Jane is oh yeah is it when an
animal is getting you wrong
no it's far less creative I feel it what
don't you say it is are no Laura no do
it yes yes I got ass for you thing am I
gonna hate doing Susan look at mine
you're gonna come in and save the day
don't don't I mean I'll take L it stable
I would have a lot of extremes about
Elliot Stabler there's one a guy at once
where his girlfriend's really where so
what somewhat something like that's a
guy that likes to do stuff with
underwear what are you yeah oh so it's
like okay so he is like licking it and
eating it like this is that it should I
just tell you yeah the mold man who
likes to take little girl's panties and
lick them clean yeah that wasn't
absolute for you the mold man I don't
know why he's on even just let me read
it fuck is wrong with you the mold man
who likes to take little girl's panties
and lick them clean
oh fuck is that if there any hope she's
out there I'm gonna get a hoagie and
slap the shit out of you with it if
you're a ho chí I'm gonna take a
fucking machine gun it if you're a ho
Chi I'm gonna take a green-screen wrap
that shit around your neck till you
can't breathe
that's so strange never I never my
wildest dreams I just call that Uncle
Jack
mold man what the fuck is a mold man all
right I'm sorry that I spit on you
