okay I got to do this I can't I can't I
can't get I'm gonna say balls again
delicious balls but I donno here we go
I'm gonna be classy this time
Georgie crew force I what my own sack
horse I think I was at Flair scanning
for horse gang group don't you get Diana
but yeah great sex I think I tried to
say group like group sex I think that's
where I was going just because like Oh
mornin people but that's real boring or
either I see it I don't think I can do
an organ I couldn't either I don't
actually I'm gonna take that back I know
for sure I can't do an orgy like I don't
want more dicks get pulls up your mind
yeah I kind of believe the words I kind
of bind the words they're all kind of
like walls hey can you be a Jedi and for
like for surgery
oh you oh yeah orgies a time to see my
dick yeah it's just like the orgy thing
sounds cool on paper but then you get
there and you like oh no I don't have an
update I mean even if it was like eight
women I'd be like I got one dick for one
in a piece mm-hmm and that piece is
gonna have to go first I'll watch her
psychology pan drop car psychology
oh my god reverse bolt no anal it's
distracting after roller coaster so what
Wow Bobby said do it for this remember
that one video stop now y'all one hop
this time built right foot let's go
I don't feel left foot Lissa this is
real bad is really bad not a good song
but a good song the this shit they play
a bowling alleys when you like bowling
widening of that from the word reverse
reverse reverse
you're very servers I don't know
whatever sexy what is what suburbs
really attractive hey I thought we were
gonna be classic I thought we were gonna
be classy too but then my brain kind of
reverse Hawking reverse see I'm doing it
all for you sounds dumb
time travel nice that worked there you
go mhm
pumpkin pie spice see nice here we go
yeah class we did it by my slot a pie
aroma-zone saxophone combat high spice
latte I can't wait till these basics
start talking about pumpkin spice latte
we get it you like the same shit they
make every year you know they're
actually really they are there and I
don't know like wow face I don't know if
this coffee it's right ice in it that's
good cool rectum butthole damn near
killed me I can't I'll that's a
prolapsed anus big splitting what have
you been eating is it trick question
you just want me to say bad word but hey
what that's going to be what I know I
feel like the butt is so classic strolls
stroll I don't know Oh interesting you
will get their rectum few showers on
snapchat the other day and I got hurt
why who's gonna see that and do what
with it what are these piercings for and
she showed everything so I'll change it
fissures the first thing
stroll I was thinking about my dog know
my take her for a walk and she keep
server rec Duncan good I'm glad she
doesn't go out of another place I went
from a to see you nodding what if you're
sitting on like one of those chairs that
have holes on it and you're wearing
shorts and your shit gets caught in
there and you try to get up and you rip
your rectum out and then like three days
after that she was like supposed to
picture with the caption who said almost
ready for angle oh my god you remember -
episode of Spongebob where was that
really really old fish she was an old
lady and she was just like this brown
thing that's what you reckons you look
like when it gets ripped out of the
chairs you sat on it with a piercing
