I didn't vlog in the regular sense
yesterday I took a little me time and I
wrote I haven't I have not just sat down
and wrote in a very long time is it
written that's why I don't sit down and
write I get to in my head that grammar
sucks if I don't use everything the
proper for buh-buh-buh-buh-buh buhbuh
love of garbage but it's sent down I
didn't know where I wanted to start I
didn't know where I wanted to begin and
I just wrote and here's that you matter
you are special but why what grants you
this prestige why does your opinion
matter or all opinions equal no and I
hope you forgive me for answering the
last question first but that's where we
need to start no all opinions are not
equal they are tainted by bias they are
burdened by the owners history and
ultimately their pass or fail relies
heavily on the captain of the ship
people often confuse opinion with fact
and that's because perception is reality
if it's 88 degrees but Jack thinks it's
100 degrees then to him reality is it's
100 degrees outside
well that's true why does your opinion
matter because you believe it does I've
never trusted anyone who gave me a limp
handshake who are you someone I can walk
all over fantastic collect your paycheck
do what I say and get out of the way
least if someone gives me an exaggerated
firm handshake I know they're trying but
trying to meet me somewhere they're
trying to impress intimidate to do
something so are you special why are you
special
well because somehow in this unforgiving
world we live in you came to be you
already won the lottery by getting to
this point now what the fuck are you
going to do with your winning not aiming
to do something amazing with your life
something fulfilling something that will
just fill your life with some happiness
will why you're not here because it's a
testing proving ground for the next
place you are here that's how that
sentence ends but it's the next sentence
that's the exciting part I use a big
empty page you get to fill in however
you like it might have garbage parts
unexpected lows you didn't see coming
the grammar might suck like everything
prior to this but as long as you keep
writing and you get the message you want
across that's all
Matters success is not guaranteed but if
you don't control the things you can
then your failure is same as this video
same as that writing session yesterday
there's no success guaranteed it might
be garbage but you're trying I'm trying
if we're not trying the only product
we're going to create it as failure and
there's already a surplus of that maybe
that hit your brain in the right spot
but either way have a great fucking day
