happy Tuesday to you it's a very special
day because I'm I normally edit
everything on my laptop here but today I
accidentally realized I had a bunch of
4k footage I don't want to export at 4k
but I have 4k footage and so I was gonna
use the big rig but turns out for some
reason my computer password which is
controlled by the discovery cloud has
changed because what's the point in a
password if it changes without your
permission and keeps you from accessing
the computer that allows you to reset it
goosfraba
goosfraba anger management no no one
really really Disney was kind of a down
day I was I'm still sick I'm like almost
over and it feels like I'm right on that
edge and I'm still also weaning myself
off of the at all so I propose to show
yesterday I didn't want to see people
initially so I just played rocket league
i streamed a little but really because
my reaction time was so bad this was
like the only notable thing oh shit and
we went on to lose that game three new
then because I overcame all my obstacles
aka I had to leave my room to approve
the philip defranco show edit so that
could go well command it to exit the
room approve the show and then I decided
I want to play poor man pig with James
so that was not familiar because I
didn't grow up poor poor man insert
anything else is that game but with
other shit because you don't have poor
man pay or poor man whore so when you
play that with basketball but all you
really need is any object that can take
another preferably round object you got
a cup and a quarter poor man pick or man
dodge well use a rock side note I don't
actually recommend doing that I
did that when I was like 13 and I never
got to hang out with my friend ever
again at least not while his parents
were out this was when I lived in like a
trailer park I would sneak over to his
trailer park and we'd play Super
Nintendo because he would take the
controller and put it out the window oh
so he wasn't angry about the rock thing
because he knew that I was actually
throwing it at his sister and I just
have terrible aim James we're gonna play
poor guy horse if what I imagine is a
dodge ball and a recycling bin take
first shot will do Pig if it lasts too
long
we happy
I'm sitting shot
Oh what is this bullshit like that you
think
vis-a-vis the lesson
after all of that good game there we go
then part of my early morning duty is to
check on the state of the weekend and
vessel videos all that extra stuff and
then there also ends up being a bunch of
footage that doesn't fit in the video
but I figured I'd share a fun clip that
I couldn't really fit anywhere else
recently you've been waking up in
exercise they're gonna be true one day
damn look at this cut who else you know
got a cut like lettuce fucking skinny
ass lean gas arm damn look how ashy your
goddamn elbow is I can start a fire on
this son of a bitch now did we have to
talk like God do you ever put I think
you won part of your body you forgot to
pull oh shit on in your whole life
you never put lotion on this elbow you
know you know you never family of dry
skin you never even had a friend
accidentally spit on your elbow this is
the driest part in the whole world like
kids over in Africa I like this reminds
me at home it's so goddamn dry right
here when we get home damnit just cut me
just walking our ups and it leaves the
ground like Drake he didn't mean to do
that hey did you know elbows still asked
you know Oh
spastic spoons you better get that elbow
off of me fuckin cutting deep into mine
bleedin shit you could light a room with
this our friendship is done you've done
the last thing I want to mention is I
imagine you have seen the Star Wars
trailer it premiered last night even
just one video on YouTube has about 10
million views now I am so hyped for this
movie and a feeling I'm gonna like kylo
Ren too much also why wasn't Luke
Skywalker in the movie I think a lot of
people think that he's gonna be like
this he comes in at the last second
kind of guy I'm wondering if JJ Abrams
has the ball to kill Luke Skywalker in
the first movie he has how badass would
that be kylo Ren is actually like Leia
and Han Solo's son and then he kills his
uncle I'm up nowhere you a fan before
did you get tickets are you pumped up
whatever main point being have a great
fucking day
