ah Phil what uh are you today I'm so
fantastic so good so we got this the
hello fresh one that if you go to
hellofresh you should make sure that you
go and type in promo code Philly D 30
yeah hello freshly beautiful matches
that do not know is a fantastic meal
delivery service a shot planned deliver
fantastic step-by-step recipes
pre-measure ingredients all just so you
can get it cook it and eat it
you get delicious balanced dinners for
less than $10 a meal and even though
hellofresh is a first-time sponsor on
the blog I actually for a very long time
the only time I have cooked probably in
the past year has been hello fresh meals
there's just something nice about it
getting delivered to your house you
don't have to go to the store you don't
have to get too much too little then go
back but if you want to check it out I
have a link in the description down
below make sure you get your $30 off go
to hellofresh
use code Finley's be 30 beautiful thank
you I have an idea fill what we're gonna
have the PA cooker like Top Chef we're
gonna see who can cook the better meal
the PA is like they I love how much love
you guys give the PAS and I know that it
fills their ego which is great yeah
which is great we all need bigger egos
around here so you know when I look
around I go I feel like everyone needs a
little bit more people need to be a
little more extra cool okay no sarcasm
jokes they're gonna do a little cook-off
battle and then I think we're just gonna
have the researchers judge oh yeah so
who do you think has the advantage here
I know the hello fresh meals and they're
very easy to make so I feel like Ryan is
gonna do the the best job Luke's gonna
probably overthink it I feel like I have
like an eight is 75% accuracy okay that
leaves about 40% to 50% pretty close to
50% well what you know what happens boys
boys boys boys hey what's up how you
guys doing we're doing great I know I'm
doing great I can't speak for you guys
know how to cook yes yeah when did you
learn how to cook high school
oh so you might have a couple years
on Lou okay this is why I'm asking so we
got we got some hello fresh oh yeah
he'll be 147 no all right so we got some
hello fresh in the office okay cuz you
guys bunched together
I'm gonna be swapping back and forth
here Stan like you like you
so look we got some hellofresh in the
office I had this idea having the two of
you cook some of this part now I have
these two meals okay we have a garden
quesadilla and we have a chicken
pineapple Kass ideas you boys are gonna
battle it out and you got to cook these
together at the same time but I rap so
we're not working yeah you're not
working together we never worked yeah so
you're gonna cook them and then people
gonna judge and bill-to did it so who
wants to do the garden do you want to do
the chicken I want to do the chick I
don't think I not question about this
but you know what if you can make the
the vegetable and tastes better than the
needed walnuts that would be an
accomplishment we got to set this
up okay so I want to go for up top some
dance like so you guys cook into there's
no cheating okay then we gotta set up
another camera we got set everything up
get a cloth supplies that let's do it
let's do it let's get let's get let's
guys gotta make a set like let's keep us
keep us be feminize demonize
get the knives what is this oh we don't
really have cooking stuff so this is a
hot plate in a toaster up here when you
talk to him even be talking guys I have
a question who do you think is gonna
have the advantage in the cook-off I
think I have to say and I feel like Ryan
brings more Brian he's engaged but if
you're engaged you probably cook and she
seems happy sighs I've eaten cooked I
know it Ryan - he seems like he cooks
with I'm gonna volunteer you guys to be
our judges you're gonna judge who has a
better meal no no picking favorites okay
my voice is squeak okay boys yes 30
minutes on the clock
three two one egg yolk how you guys feel
right now
veggies but they're all nice and cold
and fresh like in very fresh okay okay
tell me what tell me about this only
make your panel well right now I forget
to wash
oh did you wash your hands I did but I
have to peel this onion no it's all good
do the clock's ticking me hurry Luke I'm
chopping onions can you tell me a sad
story my grades in college I'm not
making great use of this thing yeah both
of us are using way too much right now
I'm just kind of chopping it we just
need to get a whole bunch of junk I
stuff veggies for this recipe okay I
have to cook chicken
you guys are balls or something that
would help well are you getting yourself
all right you think about this I think
that I'm in the weed right now just just
because I have the Messier workstation
that usually means you're annoyed
cilantro you don't like cilantro you
know I'm one of those people that's like
soapy cilantro rather than like good so
I can handle a little but I'm not gonna
put a lot so right now we are both
working on I don't actually know if
there's a taste difference between these
two maybe psychologically there's I'ma
be honest I've never cut I don't know
what I'm doing at 22 minutes take away
your garden with butter we don't think
about this idea we these are all
supposed to be the same thickness but
we're gonna forget that weight so you
still have to cook this in like a little
oven you have to preheat the oven
probably not okay probably famous last
words from Robin guys yeah we need a
ring though we have to power you saying
oregano oregano you're adding an eye and
we're gonna not
yuuji oregano you don't have olive oil
here in the office so I'm about to go
heat up some butter and drizzle some
butters we got this butter with canola
oil which i think will work just fine
okay we should get a bowl to melt it in
that'll probably be good not a plastic
bowl I'm gonna take a night full of this
maybe an extra night
you've been draining okay the pineapples
all right okay and now we just got to
melt this butter this is Mary does not
mix Top Chef or whatever then hold it
vertically yeah I know I just gotta
shove it in the micro and put it to 30
seconds cooktop we have our cut our
melted butter now we just got a drizzle
of the butter over the veggies look I'm
buttering that Oh little bit of pepper
oh wait that's a lot of pepper okay well
whatever that's fine roast in the oven
until softened and lightly browned
you better hurry I think I'm gonna run
out of time Jim we're gonna use a tiny
little bit of this cilantro because
depending on their tongue is this good
against me what do you think about all
this Brian my tortilla your oven holy
Sid it's on fire dude dude it's on fire
man it's roasting Joe I can't believe
you pulled me away for life how'd you
learn how to cut a tomato cooking all
right let's get some of that all right
now I need some of that onion I set
aside earlier to come back around but I
kind of chopped it a little poorly so
I'm gonna just see what I have first
well how you feeling right now Gordon
Ramsay here someone look at all these
smell when you go home at first mm-hmm
no I said you smell like some cookies
yes mouse I'm like a meal he was like
just pretty much seasoning you just walk
around with seasoning you'd be pretty
happy
we should make season candles Phil you
know they have that they have to have it
old bay candles have they done that
though all right boys you have five
minutes oh my god okay five minutes like
I'm saying if you want something to be
good rush it as much as possible
oh of course
look you're not gonna serve that the
people already do did all right Joe
right now I'm checking out my veggies
that were cooked with butter instead of
olive oil okay so we're just gonna snip
these off of the tray I'm gonna ask the
person tortillas on here
okay to get a nice crispy tortilla all
right check out that check
all right Luke what are you doing now
about to toast this tortilla so put
cheese then my stuffed and cheese and
I'll probably put some more cheese steak
quesadilla you know one minute one
minute you have less than a minute dude
one minute six five four three two one
hands up hands up hands up hands up get
them higher get them higher get them
higher higher higher higher Lou how do
you feel about your plate
I'm pretty good I wish I had sour cream
but Luke stole all this oh no mine came
with sour cream yours didn't don't play
Luke whatever how do you feel about
yours I'm excited I like to keep being
separate because we're gonna have
multiple people trying so they have
dipping options but it's not already
incorporated for it so there's a
possibility of a time passes around we
take one you made that right Luke give
your final pitch before everybody tries
yours so mine is the more isosceles
triangle is a grilled chicken and
pineapple quesadilla there's not a lot
of pineapple in there but just enough
we'll go take a bite go ahead yeah now
we're gonna move on to Ryan's right
mine is a vegetarian quesadilla not
necessarily the first choice of everyone
but in this case it was lovingly
prepared in a toaster oven with all of
the finest ingredients available at
hellofresh a great company okay
what you said to the line was an
excellent touch I think I agree with
that now remember you're gonna be voting
they're gonna be voting so you remember
whose vote you have in mind we're gonna
start right here hey always the vegie
yeah so I'm brought it all together okay
and I'm Ryan I'm going with Luke because
there was chicken and that chicken was
very large Luke you're next Matt's on a
curve veggies had a much higher bar to
go over each B I'll go fried all right
Thompson my vote because they're both
very good Bo Ryan's was a little bit
different they had a little bit of a
crunch
there's a little bit of different
texture is something question new so you
did a great job Luke
what it tells us that hellofresh is a
great company how are you today so great
I have the results of the hellofresh
cook-off little ant right am i wrong huh
you were who'd you vote for I heard you
got right you were actually correct Phil
it was very close it was very close it
was pretty much tie and then I had to
break the tie Oh was you yeah I broke my
guests chanting it though no not at all
I kind of made you lean not at all Phil
is I think my reasoning was that both
had had to make quesadillas right and
like what case ideas sed yeah okay cool
I just want to make sure sure my
reasoning was that Luke's was this very
it was very good but I've had that I've
had that before you know but Ryan's he
had a little extra kick to it a little
extra texture with the oven mmm it was
delicious
oh yeah little crispy it was crispy it
was a little different no I went for
Ryan's just thinking outside the box
thinking outside the dogs no they did it
for you I'm hard to up the cases by
the way good stuff Phil maybe we'll kick
cook for you next time or maybe you'll
cook next time for everybody I think
that'd be great
what Phil cook-off with Joe Joe until
cook-off I was like I'll cook off with
myself
yeah a Phil and Phil cook oh sweet all
right cool getting awkward
by the minute I like that you act like
this is a unique moment you always state
30 seconds after it's been done it's
always a unique move which I respect
because you don't want to miss something
but there's not anything happening just
creating moment awkward moments you are
you are it's beautiful okay checklist
you guys you got knives you got cutting
boards you got plates sweet got a
toaster oven on the way you got toaster
oven on the way bringing us a toaster
oven okay we have a smoke alarm right
above our hot plate oh and that's not
gonna be very fun because if there's one
thing I learned in college it's how to
set off a smoke alarm
why would you need them nuts that are
cooking in your dorm Joe cooking okay
what do you cook it
