you like prison so so we can like pretty
much put your desk in here if you wanted
to write that we cool hi bill what's up
we're here Amanda gave me a present I
think she's trying to get me drunk at
work so you had a good holiday that time
work because of you Jill I don't know
where we are we're filming this what do
we I have no idea when we're filming
this bill but the holidays have passed
bill we're back to work in 2018 the new
year was so crazy we don't let people
know that this was shot before because
because we don't know what's gonna
happen something horrible could have
happened today
look y2k right y2k happened we were just
really late rise for everyone
kicking off the new year we're gonna do
a little Q&A today cuz people love to
learn about the peeps learning about you
and everybody else sure we're gonna
start off with a little question but you
got a question here yeah I got a
question in my pocket fills you have to
answer this okay there can't be a no so
my gas fill that it was an emergency and
someone had to take over the PDS for a
day who in the office would you want to
do it whose beautiful face you trust the
most replace yours for this day this is
hard I would trust Hillary the most is
o-positive anyone talking shit on her
I'd be like fuck Oh find you Hillary
pitched me on what we're what she wants
to do because obviously we're building
out a bunch of shows we're gonna be
launching a lot of stuff on delete she
made this fucking amazing pitch dick and
treated it like a TED talk he has better
presentation skills than me actually oh
wow thinking about it it is very weird
to find out that you're you're ahead of
DeFranco elite is a better orator than
she'd be my choice that's a good choice
I don't know what the topics of the show
would be if you liked it be like down
there yeah Samira name is John Mayer
watch
so all right well we're just gonna ask
some random questions from the people I
don't know if they're good questions but
we're just gonna do it anyways oh good
so yeah clear them
yeah I tried to clear as much as I can
but some people were asking like what's
the favorite color and sit that matters
alright Phil but rush this from Cameron
would you leave your job now if offered
a position of a Stoker's taste tester I
wanted to be a pop rocks taste tester so
it's still within the vicinity of in the
general area
yeah if you are off the job what would
it take you believe this job to become a
Stoker's taste tester really good money
a lot of free time that that could work
on my own project and then if I got to
take Joe with me me to document the
whole process I think that would be
great of my rise and sudden fall open my
eyes into drugs they've been when or if
we get a new place you think you're
gonna get a window seat actually I don't
care oh yeah yeah I really don't care
anymore nothing to get distracted easily
but if I had the opportunity to stare at
a window all day I might not be as
productive as I am since I have nothing
to look at
cool so you like staring at walls and
dark places I just want some light
around me like prisons though so we can
like pretty much put your desk in here
if you wanted to right that'd be cool
thank you I said does that even come
into play how did you get how did you
get from A to B trapped trapped trapped
in the cages boom
yes the ass Ryan what is your favorite
conspiracy theory
my favorite conspiracy theory people
care enough about what Rotten Tomatoes
thinks to decide whether to see a movie
is that a legitimate high spirit there I
saw a petition online basically people
were thinking that because the critics
gave such bad reviews to Batman vs
Superman and Suicide Squad that was the
reason why those movies fails and it had
nothing to do with the fact those movies
were actually people I shouldn't swear
they were they were they were less than
good will say I definitely believe
aliens exist I think it'd be kind of
stupid to say they don't because
statistically the universe is just so
big they have to exist do I think we'll
ever meet them I don't know it's about
balloon boy balloon boy was set up as
much evidence out there if you don't
look for a video the whole media circus
that balloon boy was a hoax complete
nonsense and was a political ploy but
the sheriff in the what was that oh my
god there's videos there's reviewer he
is crazy I'll see if I can put this in
the video you get your start in design
this was back closer to when I started
we were doing videos and one of them was
like the top
porn stars of like 2017 or something and
we needed to make lower thirds for the
video so I came up the idea to make
lower thirds that looked like they were
like cum shots on the screen okay thanks
so it was hilarious
except you wanna go I don't even know
one night video came out I don't I
wouldn't say the most proud thing I've
made but at the same time it was the
most awesome thing that I took a turn
yeah great and I got my start in design
I fell in love with the class Isaac in
college started out as an engineer and
my junior year of college I switched
over to doing design any one of you a
musician it's so what do you play
I am classically vocally trained and
then I play bass guitar drums
hand bells handle Christmas carolers
those fucking losers I'm a percussionist
so any mallet snare bass triangle
xylophone
play the bass guitar drum kit it was a
baritone in the choir thanks for this
really energetic answer rock star okay
it's the way you just play guitar is
that face that's the Kotak or is that a
keyboard that's like it's a very
keyboard key toys I'm sure you got a
list of musical instruments you play
yeah what do you play guitar if you had
to choose another career path what would
it be
I'd probably have gone to a science
maybe like chemistry okay what would be
like chemistry photography photographer
enough people I don't like shooting
people I'd like to do international
g-guy
what if I was recanvass I would get yeah
baek forest and put you behind the big
tree take a beautiful picture of the
forest and I hey you know what there's
actually a person in this picture but I
hit him behind a tree I think we need to
make this little errand before this job
ever like there's an office manager at a
bunch of different places but I was
looking into getting into casting okay
oh cool so you do cast for what stage
honestly I would probably have my own
show on the Travel Channel I know I was
originally studying to go into
journalism so I suppose I could I might
be doing writing for that but I switched
into film production halfway through
college I probably like trying the
accounts or their love psychology and
love talking to people about life thanks
for the answer Luke no problem I'll come
here if I ever have me emotionally free
I love giving advice I have this weird
rash in my belly's you know see a doctor
that's the classic advice for that what
is your definition of success
I think waking up and being happy with
your day to day
is the definition of success but like
maybe on a yacht it would be nice that's
a great idea I think it would drop with
lows all over 2008 okay well we're back
we're bad perfect we got some questions
answered for the people I think we
should do this more often I think it's
interesting you learn learn about the
people yeah I think it can be really
boring if like if I did a Q&A video by
myself but I think if we did office one
I think it could be cool yeah you split
up by department yeah better be cool I
like that we'll get like more like more
in we're in deep you know like those
deep was deep questions why is this deep
I don't know I just want to use my fists
anyway spill one last question what is
your definition of success and you can't
use the word happy or happiness or any
of that bullshit
how many times do people say like every
time that frustrates me on a level of I
feel like we relate to that on a level
of like what do you want to do with your
life people to say like travel honestly
I would probably have my own show on the
Travel Channel am I good okay can you go
how you're gonna pay for the I think
that's also a generational thing if I
can figure out how much success
perfectly managing my business in my
personal life right finding the be
currently seemingly on it unobtainable
balance mm-hmm I don't know if there is
such a thing but I think if I said
anything of success is finding balance I
like that yeah it's good I kind of fell
into that I like it now let's let's
let's refilm it so it sounds like I
fucking had that thing is in the head
and I'm so deep yeah that wasn't
definitive like five minutes we're gonna
lie I'll ask you again in like a month
ago so you can't use the word balance
I'll just be like a shit-ton okay
alright Phil well good day good day sir
have a happy 2018 that we are
and starting right see a couple days ago
what transportation did you take to get
to that destination
I just wanna so you're saying that you
love dark places I like really bright
light places also not gonna light that
little sticker cut it out yeah you're
weird I'm weird
