it's like a Walmart extra small I didn't
build it I mean all oh now he's not hurt
sup you beautiful bastards I hope you
having a great Monday today we are gonna
start things off with a little Monday
male opening I meant to say male Monday
anyway last time we did male Monday
always a Thursday but we have finally
got the days right so it's a reminder if
you want to send me something send it to
this address here and it might make the
video ok here we go this is actually
surprisingly hard and you failed my name
is Thornton I own a company that designs
manufactures and sells lapel pins I've
included some of my designs I think
people in the office would like please
distribute those to everyone some TV
ones game ones cultural ones and please
enjoy this completely unrelated drug of
uh pants a muppet Thank You thorn ten
thorn ten you check those out at the
head rush that etsy.com drawn with
leather the star money not anthrax
that's a good second place dear Phil I
don't think he realizes how much of a
difference you make there are an
inspiration your compassion and sense of
humor are unique and you have a gift
making news accessible relatable and
interesting not to take away from the
heartfelt stuff but just from the
handwriting in 95% chance to is a woman
Sarah why you got why you got make me
feel something I'm trying to be a dead
robot iceberg I'm trying to get across
you're making me feel things I love you
and thank you that means that means so
much to me this one looks like a letter
but feels like uh something else from
Bradley crackling holy crap once I could
be right back this one is a little more
personal but one thing I will read it's
crazy to finally send a message to you
when I was 13 I got click baited into
your frustration Unleashed video you had
a hot blonde girl on the thumbnail and I
thought it was gonna be some kind of
porn isn't that weird to think at least
30% of my audience initially saw me as
they were going man I really want to be
able to jerk off to something that's why
some one of you are still watching like
I'm imprinted on you you were like in
that that zone where you're like I gotta
get this stuff out of me and then love
connection forever
this one's from Joseph gates he's sent
me $20 because it's for my grandma oh
it's Joe from the last video I apologize
for not including my
picture in the last package upside down
baby upside right baby
your son looks like he manages other
sons he's looking at me like ah fail
you're late again I'm gonna have to dock
your titty milk today alright so the $20
is to surprise Lyndsey with a nice lunch
randomly from the nation but you're like
ah Phil you're ruined you included in
the video Lindsay doesn't watch my vlogs
because she thinks they're garbage I
think it's actually not that she thinks
these are garbage she just hates my face
I get it if you were around me all the
time you'd hate me too thank you very
much for this Joseph also thank you for
a DVD copy of Ip Man have you seen this
no it's Ip Man sorry it man you know
what it's probably good that you called
me out because they would just call me
out right this one is from sound the
groove hello you were awesome if anyone
tells you different I sincerely hope
they step on a lego I got a hat I'm not
cool enough to wear flat bills but I
appreciate it oh shit
if I do enough of these mail Monday
videos I might be able to complete the
set what is from Shannon Shannon Shana
Shannon hey fell long time these
remember thanks for everything and
giving me something to look forward to
and some dark times you and your channel
have been there to pick me up I can't
tell you enough how much I appreciate it
Shana I love your face thank you I'm
gonna put this right next to my BBA hey
wait wait wait you come over here I want
to appreciate this hat on you believe it
him I don't this is my way why are you
marrying the Hat like that there's no
know how to wear the hat it's just
wearing hats I don't know we're like ooh
how is that confusing well I understand
that it's Carrie who is ever messed up
wearing a hat me hi this one is from
Sean Brown
it is a lot of stuff I got got today's
and shirts hi this how you know it's
written by a dude okay you saw that you
remember you remember earlier now this
you have a right note so poorly that
you're like what was was I talking about
so wife watches the Franco fam Channel
together good tell Lindsay she's awesome
no I'm a software engineer in Seattle
and I also play drums in a band called
Sabo if you do both of those things that
means that you live in San Francisco
Oregon or Seattle our format of sales is
also a DJ like not like he thinks he's a
DJ like he's a DJ I also want to tell
you about an FIM aid called face capital
face gaps with dot-com how do I shout it
like if I if I could let's do it louder
more people will go oh it's a time lapse
app so where it's like you take a
picture of yourself and then after
library for 5 7 years 4 months then you
go you're gonna have a cool video all
right so I've actually been looking for
an extra large shirt because of
definitely a pretty puppy right now it's
like a Walmart extra small build it I
mean oh oh yeah you gotta hurt thank you
sir oh yeah James yes oh yeah James
Slater just Rho fake oh yeah can we can
we walk around the office please oh
price but let's do this
don't worry I'm going to use this for
your uh your music video what first you
beep hey what the fuck I'm gonna go the
beach and like fucking look for
somewhere I love the genuine look a
concern next person you see I want you
to challenge them to a push-up contest
okay you going straight to me everyone's
like what's the meanest thing I can say
you know what I appreciate your decision
with that alright so we're gonna we're
gonna go in front of a more people but
there's apparently a training and then
if we go into the training then we need
to be in there for like the rest of the
time so that's going to be the end of
this video guys remember once again if
you want to if you want to send stuff
send it here uh I won't always make
James wear it the only way we can get
better if I was on that scooter thing
well you do the food okay go okay go
back into the Danny's room and do main
point I'm a great fucking day
