I'm gonna fuck you I want you to fuck me
what do you Obama dirty talk dirty Todd
dirty hallo talk pillow talk dirty talk
is so awkward I fucking suck it dirty
Todd I suck at it David like hey you
dirty naughty baby dirty talk
that shit's flying I've never really had
any dirty talk and I'm real imaginative
why don't they want to do that with me
cuz they couldn't take it like who look
like a girl whispered in here some
pretty shit I mean I guess it would be
they don't want to do that cuz I
probably I don't know they probably
afraid off mic final one or something
I'm not a huge fan of talking dirty I
don't really ever do it well you haven't
met me that have you I got a boy what's
your pussy about and I'm always like I
think I'm the type of person where like
if the guy I'm dating is out of town I
like to send him photos I'm smart though
I'm like most of the women on the
Internet because I don't put my face in
it like don't who does that
dirty talk could we talk to you talk to
me about dirty talk it's like you have
eggs and then you put Tabasco on top
right and it just makes it that much
better than I understand that yeah
that's what dirty talk is it's like it
just takes it up another notch it's
great you let sexy bleep together make
it you want good in some shop
if you said it like that oh I just I
can't stop talking like this this is how
I talk I can't I cannot switch over into
that is dirty talk Sam
fuck me I'm gonna fuck you I want you to
fuck me
what are you Obama now I want you to
fuck me no no uh-uh hold on mama talk
now take this presidential dick ha ha no
no it's wide long though I have friends
that still do nude their faces in it
like he knows that it's me
you know I'm laying on my comforter or
whatever but I'm like oh you're fake now
I never want to have a really awesome
career like that's what that is yeah
because you wanna put in me yes yes I
love him in a view you know more see I
feel like I used to be good at dirty
talking at some point that all went away
just just don't do like so much of it
mmm it supposed to be like little
sprinkle little you wouldn't put like a
whole model of NASSCO on it I guess so
cuz if I have to tell you to shut up
you're doing it wrong yeah it's a team
effort like she's got to be halfway kind
of good kind of witty kind of visual
with the thing cuz I'm a biggie like I
can if we can both kind of get into it
can be very erupted what are you
interested in you're like what's one
over yeah I don't I don't know I don't
fumble around like I'm a teenager gonna
go bang on your Mac sex your ass yeah so
you don't know how to how to do it I
mean pillow talk is great for after the
dirty talk you dirty talk smash pillow
talk I like them all what's the worst
thing you've ever said very times what
no I think I just like moaning I say
things joy save base off the recordings
I've taken oh shit I would pay money I
would pay money to see that shit Obama
please come out with a sex tape after
the oh my god shit come up - sex - give
us ten years give this like don't do
shit for like five of them and then
Obama comes out with a sex tape and he's
like in it he's fucking Slains plan plan
what would I say let me imagine it for a
second mmm ah yeah I like it like that
yeah
that's it that's big sentiment so you
got to watch out though cuz it's like
all of a sudden the little scar is in it
like I don't care really just like
circle it's like obviously I like that I
like big seconds like a ESPN analyst
they're all like in there as you can see
here yeah this is clearly hurt I like
the fact that like he's getting them
when he's like out doing things with
like a team or it's so naughty I'm like
are you in a meeting right now
all right hang on I think you like that
isn't nothing like something like that
like that yes really
Obama sexting or at least Clinton only
the Democrats I know like pushing don't
do shit Bush can't find a clitoris he
can't fight Osama bin Laden oh god damn
I gotta put that one in my phone I don't
know who wrote the question word meaning
