Sanna you ready yes lose your dignity
yes and to make an ass of yourself
always good sausage fears what is
sausage fears that's that's the fear of
when you wake up in the morning and your
mom cooks you breakfast like man it's
gonna be a great day and you know you
have two pancakes you have two eggs and
on that plate you think it's sausage but
it's not the dicks no I thought for sure
is that someone who doesn't like seeing
like dick and porn or something I mean
pretty mine is it in this end like you
got it
what does it likey that like let's hear
the sentence why is Derrick afraid of
hugging Jonathan he's got mad sausage
fears bro oh you feel you're afraid of
feeling the boners in the pants are just
feeling the wieners in the pants I mean
I would think that it's just him being
like homophobic yeah oh really so it
just doesn't want to have a dick touch
him or something essentially yeah what
is it a term to describe the actions of
straight men who are afraid of showing
any physical or emotional bond to the
men that they are friends with this is
akin to saying no homo and a result of
toxic masculinity and homophobia okay so
I was kind of had a theme an assault
will get the sausage you had the dicks
on the brain I don't like it only no
one's gonna stick 20 years from now that
one's not gonna be around who's got
sausage beer I had a warrant out of us
you or me
neither of us just don't touch me okay I
like this one though you ready for this
yeah Jack and Tosh when you are on your
computer and you whatever you're
watching makes you jack off you're on
the right track oh my god it's when you
jerk off onto an Apple and I immediately
think hackintosh like a Mac Windows
hybrid machine holy shit that's
disgusting and no that's not that is no
there's a computer mm-hmm
good there's masturbation mmm-hmm are
you trying to have sex with the computer
no let me use it in a sentence for you
you terrible person I have my desktop
for work in my family tablet or as I
refer to it my Jack and Tom is it the
device that you whack off to it's an
item that your secret item you used to
like look at porn literally your
computer just for porn yeah Jack and
Tosh Jack and Tosh is when you buy a Mac
computer specifically for masturbation
that is fucking right my money did you
know that no I guess there's two stuff
of spine on the nose
alligator fuck house it makes me think
that it is some type of brothel and I
want to say in Florida because of Gators
an alligator fuck house is when the um
oh really that's when you have a home
that's really rough and like it's just
not very clean but you like the fucking
it's when you buy a house is
specifically for fucking it's dirty oh
sorry I read the sentence it does not
help at all but I can read it to you if
you would like I need all the help I can
get right now
so when you say rough you mean like
rough just the shit everywhere you're a
hoarder yeah it's mad and like the
dishes are all stacked high bad yes
Daddy I mean that's kind of close last
night Johnny surprised me with an
alligator fuck house and I came for an
hour and a half
I think the bite might have left a scar
though an alligator fuck house is like
gotta go see you later alligator and you
turn around and the person surprise
attacks you with the five-o no but
that's great and then let me write that
one down when the persons coming they
say after a wild crocodiles I'm going to
assume some some oral sexual activity
involving teeth why is it a vampire
something I like it mcalligator here's
an alligator wrestling Tom there's an
alligator yes bro death roll that's
right a word that's a roll fuck fest
just roll into the den oh fuck I wish it
was more like someone like is like mid
sex they're beating you with
like an alligator purse or something
like an alligator skin Brooks mid-coitus
one person bites the neck of the other
locks their arms and legs down and goes
into a death roll all while maintaining
insertion like downshifting a car man
eloquent huh see my girlfriend told me
that's called missionary that sounds
awful I don't ever want that to happen
oh I just don't understand what's
happening
what the fuck is I've never been in a
death roll what are a good reason like a
Gator roll
oh that sounds extremely difficult
terrible - I wanna be a partner kids
learned some weird shit these days I
gotta try the shit tonight
