hello
hello
look pepper half a fraud
hey I don't know what that was I just
like being weird in the morning I think
I want to shoot a found-footage horror
film that'd be fun that'd be fun
hey does anyone give me a god-awful
amount of money about half of a
god-awful amount of money he'll do that
for me ah Jesus Christ
oh my light fell but that said I hope
you have a fantastic Friday and to start
things off a lot of you asked if there
was anything cut out of yesterday's
video well there was but it wasn't for
like reasons where I was like we have to
keep secrets but it just made the video
a bit too long and I edit these in the
morning and I always try and get these
out before I start working on the show
so I'm like deadlines that said here's
the rest of it I used to try felt like a
natural try no no dare you are you ready
did you just look at all the words again
god damn she break the rules I kick you
out it's raining outside no it's not
trying to make it dramatic here we go
love ah I don't have any
maybe depressing in the first three
seconds ha ha ha what do you want to
date do you go hi my name is Kelly gene
I haven't been happy for six months not
smart what Bay hey Jessica Nigri
Oh slap
can you eat you actually slap ah I was
being nice there oh I couldn't go off
pardon I'm not gonna challenge you I'm
mad you just talk to get around down now
like the most flattering angle there
ever was I'm gonna wake everyone to keep
reading we're gonna have more friends
coming by right now the the vlogedy room
which is where we shoot a lot of the
weekend content that's being worked on
by Jordan and now Ricky's doing the
lights yeah blue and that's gonna be a
nuisance like talk show or something oh
okay cool so that's what's happening I'm
totally like running everything myself
that's what it is Thank You Josh that's
actually why we're doing this you want
to get high on the cheese then the rest
day was filming taking some phone calls
and then of course shooting the shit
with people all right wait be honest
free so is the reason you know that she
adopted as she said it more than five
times she said the word adopted more
than five times did she say did she say
saved no she said it once
she said rescued my favorite thing is
when people are like but like rescued
whoo oh yeah I mean but to be fair my
dog really did rescue me sure that oh
you're painting but it looks like you're
having a sleepover that's the thing
people don't understand about the pound
and rescuing is that you can find
purebred dog and I win yesterday and
three dogs that we likes got adopted
within 20 minutes yeah it's amazing
was there one dog that you were just
like oh you poor bastard this is not
gonna work out for you they're like
respond
not gonna lie that rendition is it bad
if I'm gonna make out oh Jesus
why is this thang so deep she said what
an unfortunate thing for her to say why
is this so deep I want it to be narrow
and short what's actually happening
we're reacting JD's proposal and I want
Steve to give the speech that I care
girl I'm gonna be like McDonald's I'm
gonna make make sure you have it your
way right away way that's Burger King ha
ha ha you're like my dolls I'm loving it
will you take my hand to be your bride
and then did you say go to Phil Dante
beautiful is the age I love it we're
breaking gender and race barriers here
like Neapolitan ice cream where's this
rubber yes thank you
well you know Yoshi sunburns why'd you
say that like it was surprising I get my
check never know skin cancer run family
oh shit it's got dark real quick not
dark come if you catch it on time okay
I'm like am I allowed to laugh about
skin cancer because it feels like I
shouldn't be allowed to this is hey
could you do that skin cancer bit again
though if it wasn't already going to
hell I definitely am now a guy's main
point I hope you have a fantastic Friday
remember on this channel I post seven
videos a week so over the weekend
they're not regular vlog maybe the fun
with friends videos we did an urban
dictionary challenge and a pillow talk
versus dirty talk that of course on
Monday I'm gonna get here early do a
mail Monday finally on the actual day
but that said I love your faces and have
a great fucking day
