happy Wednesday okay it's gonna work
everything in the morning is purely
sound to me and it's often in a barrage
but because I want to answer some an
yesterday I pretty much shot the show
and then laid in bed all day we're gonna
do a Q&A have you ever had to fire
someone yes I have I haven't fired
anyone personally in a very very very
long time now it's usually their
managers the way the company is set up
is I run my stuff and then I set a bunch
of managers there's even someone that
now handles the job that I used to
handle that's largely in part to me
being terrible at that sort of thing I
like to think of myself as a businessman
and I like to do and create things and
I'm very business minded but in the past
I kept people on staff that really
shouldn't have been kept on staff
because I liked them and I just not a
smart healthy way to do business so I
take care of my guys and make sure that
we have paternity leave it doesn't
matter if you're the guy or the girl you
have a baby and go get some free pay
health care dental I get taken care of
and if you do a great job will flower
you if you're not then one of your
managers gonna need to have a talk with
you in the back room it was interesting
and such a different change of pace from
the Republican debates that we saw so
far Jim Webb he seemed just really angry
at most the night's a fee he looked like
he didn't know why he was even there and
his answers were horrible easily the
weirdest moment of the night is when he
said that he voted on something that he
didn't know what it was about and he
said that he had just arrived and that's
why he voted on it without actually
knowing what it was and also his father
died at that time and then people in the
audience were laugh it was so weird but
in general it was as expected it was the
Bernie and Hillary show and as far as
Bernie Sanders I appreciated what seemed
to be his no bullshit approach to stuff
I like that he wants to help people I
need to know what his economic plan
actually is anytime people talk about
million
and billionaires I always am like
there's a big difference between the
billionaires or who are paying taxes and
the low-level millionaires who are
paying a majority of the taxes because
those billionaires and high profit
companies like Apple Apple has a way to
actually pay less in taxes than me but
your 200k at about two million a year
people the people that have like small
businesses that have become successful
those are the people that often get hit
by changes in policy oh I'm so sick and
Hillary I thought was pretty strong I
mean it weirded me out when they were
like what's the difference between you
and Obama and she was kind of like I
have a vagina I was like okay that's
accurate but what about your policies
once again it's so early on do you think
success by YouTube has affected you as a
person in any way okay changing how you
act around family friends etcetera
yes I think that I've become less open
to certain family criticisms or or
things that they've come up with about
me but that's specifically with family
like my parents never really understood
the whole YouTube thing early on and
they didn't really get it and so later
on when I actually helped them out and
police are coming but I also don't get
angry at them for that like I used to
because I know that it's coming from a
place of they love me and they care
about me and they want nothing but good
for me and that's why they'll say things
that come out of nowhere depending on
what period you talk about with my
childhood my childhood taught me what
not to do as a parent in some instances
it taught me nothing good lasts forever
it taught me that sometimes life just
smacks you in the face and changes
everything up but as far as the
relationship with friends no the only
company I keep as far as friends or
people that do not treat me any
different
call it challenge you balance everything
and not go and say YouTube was actually
the only thing that kept me sane I had a
full workload and that was stressful as
hell I had a full-time job I had insane
amounts of debt I had pretty much no
money to my name and all of a sudden I
found out about YouTube and I started
watching and then eventually I started
making and essentially other than my
time it was all free without YouTube I
probably would have crashed and burned
or even worse become a doctor who was
only doing it for the money oh my god
and I say that to you person in high
school or in college who's maybe in the
pre-med program and you're doing it
because you want to make money and not
because you want to help people get out
of that career unless you want to jump
into plastic surgery in which case go to
Miami or LA what has been your favorite
part of being a dentist also today's my
birthday so if you give me a birthday
shout-out that would be amazing thank
you one happy birthday to the way that
you say amazing is amazing and three my
favorite thing so far
baby cuddles definitely but also I would
say just seeing him do anything new and
then seeing him realize he can do
something new and get so excited like
when he goes to bed now he says
night-night and then like he's already
excited because he's communicating and
then he's like oh my god that came out
of my face I think on a deeper level
that's what I really appreciate how
amazing something so basic is because he
has no point of reference to how normal
those things are that's something I
struggle with but also something that
that I so appreciate now because of my
son because I don't know what's amazing
to me anymore like when a video blows up
on Facebook we get 1 to 5 million views
on my good job team but back in the day
I was like oh shit but now what tre has
given me is I see him just walk fast and
I'm amazed and excited and so him giving
me that he gives me a greater
appreciation for life Phil how do I
throw myself into a career and trying to
get popular with it well there's a
bigger clusterfuck here on YouTube than
ever but a great way it's not the
end-all be-all but a great way find
someone like me or people that are
bigger or smaller there's so many big
tubers these days whenever I go to
VidCon I'm like that that person has 3
million subscribers I've never heard of
a person ever there's so many people in
so many different fits and it maybe make
something for or around that person and
then send it to that if you've created
something that your
proud of send it to people I have a
public email address that I check a lot
of other people have public email
addresses they check Ranson there are
those days I get several hundred but
they're also those off days where I
don't get that many and I can actually
read through something will wouldn't
have been a host on SourceFed if you
didn't show me his YouTube videos a
Darrin wouldn't be the producer of
SourceFed if he didn't send me his
videos he would never become my editor
and eventually got into that job back
before YouTube took away video responses
I mean shaycarl my buddy Shay who I
loved dearly I would not have known who
he was if he didn't make a video
response to me I was going my name's
Shay and you know there's maybe an
alternate universe where he doesn't make
a video response to me I don't become
friends with them and he never stops his
job at the time which was granite
countertops and he worked at a radio
station I like to think that he still
would be there because he's such a great
person and I think a great role model
but I didn't even realize this and in no
way am I taking credit for the success
Charlie puth is blowing up all over
right now I was like why does that name
sound so familiar he started out on
YouTube he did an old intro for me and
those are the people that succeed
they're constantly creating they're
hustling they're throwing it out to
possible places to launch themselves
further clots guys that is gonna be it
for this Q&A video thank you for your
cues I hope you enjoyed my age and if
you didn't of course punch yourself in
the face if you did maybe hit that like
button share the nation with a friend oh
my god I hate being sick but no matter
what have a great fucking day
