so a lot of people have been asking me
what the white headphones I've been
wearing are but since I I just donated
it to a random traveler at JFK Airport
because I didn't have them on my ears
and so they're on the ground somewhere
now I decided to replace them
Thanks discovery then I'll be on it
upside down there you go
you're the link and that's cuz they made
it bill proof they made bag for you
they're like how could no one ever mess
this up
I got all part of the plan boom boom
boom now the reason I got these is
because they are not as good as I
believe they're called the jam birds
they're the only other ones that would
recommend now if you're if you're you if
you're doing it for like you're walking
around you're going on a plane and it's
just like you want to block out the
world I highly recommend a jam birds the
reason I go with this and other like
every now and then I also have other
wireless headsets is because they don't
have noise cancelling like I can when I
ride my bike when I'm when I'm running I
need to be able to hear is make sure
that like I don't hear a car speeding
towards me so that's why I like these
for me it's not about the style like I
actually kind of hate the fact that I
have the black ones right now because I
feel like it's it's even more branded
than the white ones which is why so many
people are like what are they because
they didn't realize sort of the question
do I recommend them I like them but you
can you could easily get cheaper ones if
you go to Amazon but that's it I
personally don't know the quality I do
know that beats are very very expensive
but these are also the only Beats
headphones that I've ever actually liked
whenever anyone's giving me like the
solos or
or like I bought the studio's back in
the day they're pretty good but this is
what I prefer
I just slap myself in the face alright
so it is now Tuesday morning if you see
if you watch yesterday's walk you know
that we're back oh my god worried that I
don't know where I can't see anything
this is how someone gets murdered this
is you're about to see me again burger
Hey
Oh so I wanted to show you a change
while we were gone two things happened
one Danny and I think a PA did this for
the SourceFed hanger a lot of FHP stuff
sold we only have a some stuff left we
haven't sold posters in a while I kind
of want to do one last hurrah for
posters I like it I like I like it a lot
more than the white walls I think
there's still stuff to be done but this
is this was awesome to come back to also
walk into walls
they built a stage for the new tabletalk
which this isn't the new tabletalk yet
and there's gonna be a whole different
background but check that out oh man
when they're done with this it's going
to look amazing now the bad news for me
right now is that I am sick I and I hate
it I haven't been sick in for such a
long time and like I know that everyone
gets sick but it feels like some
weakness right now I feel like my immune
system was that last guy on the
battlefield he's like you know you know
that he's going down but he takes out
everyone with him I've been around sick
co-workers and sick children and sick
friends and then I was traveling for
hours at a time on a plane
this damn cold finally bested me all so
it probably doesn't help that I'm trying
to wean myself off of my adderall
prescription my cabbage just died I deal
light I love the iPhone the iPhone is if
you ever wondered why the quality in
these videos goes up and down and here
and there it's because sometimes I'll be
shooting with my my canon g7x and i'll
switch to this iphone cuz i don't have
it on me
usually I'm shooting at 1080p 60 frames
a second right now I'm shooting 4k which
will probably downgrade and do a 1080
but as I was saying a second ago I'm
trying to wean myself off of adderall
right now which is really really hard
because essentially when you don't take
it you just feel like it's it feels like
you telco depressant like you have less
energy I definitely do not feel that my
appetite is suppressed since I
constantly want to eat again my
experience on it is at the beginning it
was very much almost like when I watched
the movie limitless I was like oh this
is about adderall that's where I am
today I don't like people above my head
and I sure as hell don't want to go
above my head so if you see me in any
videos with like low energy that's why
but if you have messed around with this
where you've been prescribed this or
maybe you were in college and you just
took summer I'd love to know your
experience have you quit do you still
take it I don't know I just find it
pretty interesting that said I'm gonna
get my sick ass inside I'm gonna make
philip defranco show and I want to leave
you with a notion as always to have a
great fucking day
