I'm not sure what happened but for some
reason I went from full energy to zero
and wait I dunno I had a pizza for two
by myself but something cool has
happened I I'm gonna go in for a sound
check for the source side Philly D live
which by the time you watch this video
has already happened and - I don't know
if I can say this in the video so I'm
gonna film two versions of it but guy
that I've become a fan of over the past
few months Casey nice that he just got
in he's jet-lagged I'm less so
jet-lagged and I was like let's uh let's
hang for a sec so we're doing that so
I'm here for a quick sound check they're
gonna do a quick run-through it's an
interesting little setup they have here
none of this prejudice crap just because
you can't see us in any of the pictures
doesn't mean we can you give me can you
give me the acapella version most would
be in like a 90s cartoon called wizard
lizards
okay that like never existed but we we
suppose that it did exist it was as we
as a people okay I feel like in the 90s
a good abit of thing right if anything
if anything it's just not weird enough
for like Adult Swim now right you have
to like you crazy wizard has have like a
weird uncle oh yeah cuz that lip
connects but then the rest of its open
I know that the success is like pretty
much waterproof are you lying to me so I
break it as soon as I go out there I'll
be like why would you say that
waterproof what makes it different I saw
online somebody submerge in a bowl of
water or you know what my buddy uh my
buddy Richard Ryan he put it in the Jack
Daniels for light and he was like it
just wouldn't break
so I have to ask Casey a question that I
ask any time I sit down and do an
interview but we're not doing an
interview where do you get value in your
life where do I get values in my life
there I get value from two things one is
it spending time with friends and family
and then value me what I create so I
really believe like when I look back the
things that I see the most one things
that made my youtube videos my movies
things like that so every time I click
upload I get this sensation because it
just created and shared something that's
probably the source of the greatest
value that happened later
that's my only contribution that would
you say there's a split is there I mean
I don't want to say I want you to say
that you care about video it's more than
your family I take so much from my work
that it's often an expensive claim I
think those are important sleep things
like that there's irony in the fact that
I take such value in it because despite
the fact that and they fall I want to
share with people in the care of the
masses I also very much do it for
selfish reasons so therefore it's like
because that's probably the value that I
draw from my family is greater than
value I get from work there's a huge
difference which is what is internal and
external I thought of that again for
like being my wife might be just about
like this tiny thing it doesn't perfect
the world outside of this tiny little
nucleus which is wonderful but the value
that I get from my work it's happening
to everyone to notice it
so the body is entirely different I
think it's one of those to me that equal
like happiness in southern filming so in
a bit of a fucked situation I I'm a 13
minute drive not really
away from the YouTube space where the
live show starts in 30 minutes
problem is there's probably an hour
traffic jam for the Holland Tunnel and
it's raining so everything search prices
are not available so I have no fucking
idea what to do I could theoretically
run it
maybe oh this sucks so bad so that's
what we're having to do we're having
them walk until it's not rid of locked
anymore I have to go over its left hit
run some weird treasures and I've
already slipping Oh which means we'll
get through the lights faster the rain
is slowing down this is a very
unfortunate way to test Casey's firemen
but the phone is waterproof
also a big thing is tinkering right no
one no one starts and automatically
knows they're not a director of
photography they're not a great editor
they're not a great host I feel like I
look at my old videos and it took me
around six years to find out who the
hell I was I thought it was like Dane
Cook for the first three years just
terrible I hate those videos but what
what you know by just doing it by
tinkering like if you don't know how to
do something obviously google it but
then really tinkerer because you'll
you'll never you might not be a master
of whatever you're in final cut or or
Vegas or anything but it's learning a
skill by doing it obviously we're all
experimenting in public but a lot of the
guys that we have come on have a youtube
background which sounds like YouTube's
like for a long time was very uh it's
not a thing but that means you're a
writer that means you're a host that
means you're an editor that means you're
a director of photography that means
that even if you want to do one of those
things you want to get into specifically
editing or specifically a host by it
understanding the background of the
other things it'll make you better at
the thing you want to focus on one day
it's awesome unfocused Monday tap my
face there we go so we can in general
was pretty fun i put the terrible
scheduling and logistics mess up out of
my head i was so glad that i was
actually able to bump into casey have
been watching i'm like i said for a
while and it was a pleasure to meet him
and honestly like 99% of the whole
meeting on both of our channels was
off-camera it was great to be able to
talk to like an entrepreneur person
running a business but also a big
youtuber and creative side there's it
was a great chat and also just looking
back at that footage of me getting
caught in the rain it sucked
while it happened but it is funny how
how the shitty things during a situation
are the meat of the story there the meat
of life isn't it weird like when you go
out with friends like when you talk
about stuff it's like remember that one
fucking i can't even believe that that
stupid thing happened and it's soft now
i get to reflect back on it and it was
it was a thing it was it was something
happening it was a pulse of light
because that's what being alive is right
it's the ups and the down
when nothing happens you're dead I like
that as a note to end on on this Monday
vlog he that said I love your faces make
sure to be able to check out the philip
defranco show and or the videos I posted
over the weekend but of course as always
have a great fucking day
