I'm not swallowing shit I'm gonna be
honest with you I'm not trying to
swallow nothing spit or swallow spit or
spaceball well for me oh my my prep like
why I don't want to swallow but I
appreciate Oh queers are these things we
said yes oh yeah we did
swallow da if you if you love them you
swallow ha ha ha I'm not swallowing shit
I'm gonna be honest with you I'm not
trying to swallow nothing I have not had
a penis in my mouth
ffff it it just doesn't go down very
well are you gonna waste it let me say
let me let me break this okay let me
break this we're not drunk and you're
gonna waste it how many times you have
to hand over the tissue to the lovely
lady which are you which do you prefer
Oh what do I prefer Hey
either's fine if your as long as it's
done in like a respectful kind of way
but can you do it you're a girl going
get order look I'm gonna puke
I would say swallow I think it's weird
when you spit that's always so awkward
it's like hang on I need a I'm not gonna
act it out but have you ever had a girl
like throw up on you or anything like
gaming your head no I've never heard
about that happening some girls are
really bad at it and so they're like oh
and there's like disgusting I have never
done that but what if your junks on what
if your boy sauce was disgusting well
then something should be sad but you
don't have to make a big production out
of it it's not to be a goddamn Academy
award-winning role true oh I don't know
know how much you love somebody I think
it's a show of love I do think
how I feel baby question really your
second answer I swallow
I'll answer but Keith I have final say
you little fucker
depending on how much respect they have
you know did you say depending on how
much respect yeah because I guess like
you know let's say let's put an
absolutely different situation that
didn't come to everyone's mind on this
moment okay let's say that someone's
asking this question to your daughter
ooh so of course spit it girl
oh here's me personalized never happened
before
no one's ever spat no one's ever made me
finish that's right finish ever ever
and nothing people ever tried I've given
it look try red hot guy eight plus
effort like seriously but like it just
like and then they get sad and I'm like
I'm so sorry I don't know I don't know
what to do I'm not I'm not like thinking
whether stuff I'm like in the moment but
there's no tighter story one time um I'm
all guy mom whoo hi dad wait do you warn
the girl though like when it's about to
happen
oh yeah yeah did you warn her that she's
gonna swallow bud if someone is talking
about and whoever girl that when you
were 16 that you need like you know I
don't know I I say respect that people
be free you know respect each other and
have fun but you want her to swallow I'm
it's not a requirement but if she did be
like is that a turn-on
I mean it is cool I'm fine with it but
like I'm not gonna be like hey you
better swallow does that be hypocritical
my mama's not gonna like this I thought
you were gonna say your mom always was
oh how did you know she told me not to
tell you okay one you shouldn't have to
it's oddly complementing yeah from from
both standpoints from like one or the
other like I got I got both sides on
that set stick okay let's try a new
answer well when you eat your food you
swallow it other unless you want tasting
and then you may spit it but even when I
won't taste I still don't spit why wait
you don't know
taste that dine I come shoot be kind and
let her know it's coming uh otherwise
you're gonna get some weird like
shooting out the no shit
there's nothing fine she's not like
gonna be able to handle it
I've had to come out of my nose once was
not pretty
really yeah was it was it was someone
doing okay you know I don't with that
budget to check that with you I think a
little bit of both I think yeah I think
when you're you know I'm gonna hate a
passion another trying to think of the
right way to work this when you're
sucking a dick and you like cum I think
when you're courting someone you
definitely have to take one for the team
and swallow and then once you get them
in that relationship you go straight to
this universe what you never swallow
again ever ever well really is that your
thought I feel like yeah it is
Oh swallow um cuz that up to you
surprise me I just don't spit it in my
face dude let us keep our own pace
please don't be like oh and there's like
push our head down cuz that's how you
get your dick bit off that's how you get
someone throwing up on your deck see you
went so aggressive but I feel like I
don't know how the head works but that
it in a comic book it would have come
out of your ears what does it mean that
when girls are like I fucking love it I
love it are they lying I'm sure there's
some out there that are like it ah and
if there are not my email address is the
Steve Zaragoza at gmail.com
let's that's gonna be the weirdest
conversation you ever had all right hey
speedy girls
