did you make the team with a broken arm
I didn't you read the second part of the
thing fell wait so they cut you I broke
my arm Joe well uh so Phil we're in the
new year we're 2018 do you know what
today is 2018 Phil sure we're gonna do
some team building this year one around
ahead of everybody right as a unique
fact about themselves and then ipler it
in a jar and then everybody has to pick
one then they have two guesses to figure
out who that fact belongs to so you're
ready to kick this off Phil let me all
right
got my foot stuck in a chain guard in a
bike race and crashed into the mayor's
mailbox question is who would be that
specific who's a little bit extra now by
saying that I feel like I'm offending
whoever I guess I know it's gonna be
wrong Luke and no not Luke you got one
more guest as the boss no his employee
no I don't know which one really okay
I'm looking at a 50-50 are you fucking
with me oh you're wrong anything you're
wrong Phil it's Jason Phil you don't
have to do you have to go apologize to
Jason don't have something to say I'm
sorry that I didn't know you got your
foot stuck in a chain guard and a bike
race and crashed into the mayor's
mailbox you don't seem like a specifics
kind of guy in the sense of the mayor's
mailbox do you wanna give him a hug I'm
trying at me to hug people who do
scepters apology was its it learned how
to tie my shoe
by tying string on a chair I mean that
sounds like some Zach shit not that all
right yeah one more Kristi
no it's Amanda really yeah you know in
my head because Amanda so
self-sufficient like I'm and it's just
always known that entire space all right
well your punishment is you have to go
apologize for not knowing in fact
brianna is there something you want to
say
and uh why did she apologize ey don't
you make a people hug each other aren't
you a jar went on a service trip to
South Africa to help rebuild a school
and serve the homeless and less
fortunate ooh we got a fucking pat on
the back last week one of the
researchers could have been the PAS I
had to put my money on it I would say
Cecilia you are wrong
oh shit yeah you have one more guest and
you are wrong yeah who is it Brian you
have to apologize I'm not sorry I'm
sorry why are you sorry why you I just
like this regardless specify your son
all right because I'm a shitty friend I
didn't know about his what is it the
least known facts about each other how
do you feel it not knowing that about
you going well what I thought the point
was to to give up a little known fact I
don't feel that bad so do you forgive
him of course
are you Mormon no I never go to sleep
before 2:00 a.m. because I'm either
writing or editing my first guess is
Keith your answer is wrong
really yeah you're wrong by your own
rights and edits my other guest would be
Ryan you're correct
Ryan I'm impressed you good what I just
you know I know a lot about people
conveniently Ryan this right here said
give me a high five you gotta write
Thanks
it took me two guesses but hey I know my
parents didn't allow me to take driver's
training so I didn't learn to drive
until I was 18 someone whose parents
didn't have faith in them or maybe their
parents were just so sweet and they
wanted to be careful I'm gonna guess
Keith I think he grew up in New York has
kind of scary driving well you're wrong
I'll say Kristi oh okay your parents
suck say that you'll give her a high
five
right they asked me why and I said
because I know your parents see that a
high five I just had a very strict her
in a basement I was three my mom briefly
left me in the car while picking up my
siblings from school I put the car in
neutral and rolled down a hill and
smashed into a tree almost crashing into
the school is a you yeah yeah actually
right Hey - my mom's defense she
literally stood outside the car like
five feet away waiting for my brothers
to come out I was sucking my thumb I had
a little stuffed animal and a blanket
and I was like what's this little stick
thing do and I put it in neutral I would
have murdered kids by accident
I would have killed him that was good
yes how did you come up with the answer
it's very similar to like I was dropped
on my head a couple of times okay I
broke my toe by accidentally running
into a tree on the beach oh my go away
okay and your answer is incorrect okay
then I'll go with your answer is correct
yeah so what you have to do is go
getting the high five uh I would but
he's not here where is it he's Boise
when I was a baby I was left in a car in
the middle of the summer and the police
had to save me oh my god hey what did
you think was Brianna I don't know she
has some like crazy family stories I
feel like go give her a high five no it
wasn't me it was actually my nanny my
nanny went to like go get her nails done
let's mean car in like DC in the middle
of summer she was
my dad threw shit like off our balcony
and like try to set on fire my pass I
won a longest eyelashes contest when I
was a baby babies have eyelashes shit I
don't think who I feel like has just
naturally long eyelashes is it Briona
and just trying to think of who has good
eyelashes whose eyes you gaze into your
nose and you're like pretty eyes is it
Nina
you gave them to Nina's I know I was
already guessing me now before you said
that it's not man okay it's Danny it's
Danny Danny you I'll go apologize to her
for not knowing that fact Luke you have
something to say to Danny Danny I'm
sorry
thank you perfect you forgive him I do
you like my lashes cuz they're not that
long as an adult I feel like maybe they
were just long as a baby and then they
just stay at the same length and I got
bigger it says I was detained in a
foreign country on suspicion of possibly
being part of a domestic terror group my
first guess is Brian Espinosa okay yeah
of course it's him you get to give him a
high five I know him very well you're
good you're good coworkers who else
would it have been really Yeah right he
laughed his ass off my old apartment
building posted a bulletin complaining
about how many times my alarm goes off
in the morning I mean it could be me
first guess would be Danny that is
incorrect
is Jane as in correct
that's the silliest you have to go
apologize to her for not knowing I have
to apologize to Cecilia now why haven't
we come full circle all right detective
I want to say thank you sorry you got
your facts
it was fact about myself because I also
I resonated with that you know I could
sleep through many alarms my mother who
lived downstairs would wake up and have
to come get me up because my alarms
would wake her up
are they with her Mia I'm sorry I'm kind
of you just had a party yeah thanks
we have to separate all of you who's
gonna go first
how about you this one says I was
home-schooled these would be weird
Zak you're sure no contact not Zak
second gifts I want to say Luke yeah I'm
a little loop and you are incorrect it's
actually Nina sure yeah
she specifically told me when she wrote
her foot back down she was like oh the
researchers are gonna know seems like
you're not a good listener sorry not
that I didn't remember this about you I
do remember you mentioning it now you
have to give her a nice friendly
co-worker hug oh no you get a second
guess I feel like you're wrong it's
actually James okay what Cecilia now has
something that's safe that's fine
do you accept that apology yeah why
would I be mad cuz someone doesn't know
every facet of my life I wouldn't even
be weirded out I guessed you first try
broke my arm first day of football
practice please sport yeah oh I can't
imagine anyone in this office playing
football that's what I said Brian
nope nope you're wrong Zach white exact
that's wrong - its Phil - Frankie so you
know you have to do now if you go
apologize the pill for not knowing this
fact about your boss so someone has
something to say to you that I didn't
think you played football sorry sorry
was I good enough of an apology silver
her not knowing that on the first day of
football practice we on the team should
Rosh Rio did you make the team with a
broken arm can you read the second part
of the thing belt wait so they cut you I
broke my arm Joe but they cannot like
this put you on the sidelines just a
root for everybody give you a jersey for
Phil I gotta see that something happened
between hate you I hate how much shit
you talk but I gave you this were you
filming that you're just like it's just
so funny cuz I could imagine in us I
don't feel bad I have a twin sister see
you know Keith no you don't want to give
like a second to think about it
alright you're wrong Keith in a foot one
end he didn't participate yes but he
pulled one out it is Luke all right come
on go Paul right I had no idea you had a
twin sister no high five
usually apology include a hug yeah okay
just like you but with longer hair yeah
who's older me by how long like 30
minutes did you uh accept that apology
yeah that's great you wanna bring your
sister in sometime well fun day we got
to learn about each other what was the
most interesting the most startling one
was Breanna was left in a car in the
summer heat while her nanny went to get
her nails done and the police had to
break in I'm savoring we can turn this
into a PSA Phil okay you have two baby
boys we have to say to the people don't
lock your children in the car yes
Hocking your children in a hot car might
be a bad idea right all right Joe yeah I
got a bit lead up on these researchers
Oh Oh diam all right though work 2018
party on I just realized that oh shit I
thought you'd be standing didn't submit
effect about yourself I forgot to do it
yesterday and well now you need to tell
us an interesting fact about yourself
you have 10 seconds 10 once open for
three doors down yeah cool yeah
