it looks like I have lipstick on for
some reason anyway I've talked in videos
how I feel like I am a version of myself
depending on who I'm around it's kind of
like a scatter plot situation but with
work family friends strangers and I
think it's also because I feel like
there are people in my head
fighting it's not even as simple as good
Phil bad Phil Angry Phil happy Phil yeah
it's just there's I feel like people
change who they are every few years
without thinking about it they just
change and it's not that then there is
only one thing there are remnants of who
they used to be slash who they could
have become in their head you're talking
about me again are you doing something
fancy so that you can show the world two
sides yes because this is these videos
the only way I can de-stress but what
are you what are you stressed about this
morning I I am I'm stressed about this
trip to New York I'm gonna be away from
my son and my wife for three days I
didn't get to see them this weekend
because I was doing family stuff and I
can't feel like I can't even complain so
I knew that what I was doing out there
wouldn't be as stressed but they've
seemed it's not a DeFranco does they
kind of just tacked me on to the end of
the event I also have no idea who's
paying for this thing which means it's
most likely coming out of my pocket
that's what you're doing these vlogs you
felt like you're fucking trapped and
you're just gasping for air I mean I
don't know how they fuck you don't see
that you need to acknowledge you're
fucking angry you're a piece of meat to
everyone that your name got tacked on to
this thing that you don't even know what
you're doing
you're you're paying for it you don't
know fucking whine and it's all so
fucking pathetic because you're you're
scared to even say that your
inconvenience tour that you that you're
not happy because oh it's not relatable
to other people fuck you who cares some
kid who has no fucking life experience
or someone who never really even tried
or someone who tried and fucking failed
is gonna go first world problem fuck
them guess what motherfucker you live in
the first world why do you fucking lie
to yourself when did you start caring
what people fucking said so much I'm not
saying the colar over the situation fuck
that bitch I'm gonna make fun of fat
people even though I have no context of
that in my entire life
fuck you we know what it's like to be
265 pounds in high school and she
probably knows what it's like to take
multiple loads on her face at the same
time Oh
luxury we can't include that in the
video you fucking pussy not a fucking
pussy it's just when you say shit like
that it takes away from your actual
argument about the thing that you're
talking about you regardless of if you
want to say it or not I know you're
fucking angry about the dinner in the
meeting you know the entire time you're
gonna be resenting your fucking sales
team what are you even talking why what
do you mean why you've thought up the
sponsorship you brought in the
sponsorship you talked the sponsorship
you lockdown the sponsorship you are the
day-to-day contact on the sponsorship in
fact the only thing they've really done
is made it so that deal almost didn't
happen
and those motherfuckers are gonna take
their regular percentage even though
they put in almost no work it is what it
is it's how it's set up we're a team and
the entire time they're eating their
steak and drinking their drinks that
really you are paying for with the
amount of work that you put in they're
just gonna be laughing it up talking
about the synergy and how well the team
works together and here's gonna go along
with it because you want to be seen as a
team player that Philip DeFranco well
life is long okay if you if you get
known as a guy that is hard to work with
then people don't work with you it's
there's a difference between being a
team player and letting people walk all
over you why do you have to fucking be
like this I wish you weren't a part of
me I would I just want to get through
stuff and you just you just you stirred
so much up and you make everything bad
as far as I'm concerned you're a part of
me it's not normal to be okay and let
people walk all over you it's not normal
you're supposed to be angry and you know
that that's why you're even fucking
doing this stupid video you know that
there's gonna be a conversation about it
you know that it's not gonna end well
you know it's gonna be garbage but
you're still doing it because you know
you need to vent you know that it's
reaching a point when you fully realize
that I will be here to handle it until
then we got some fucking work to do
before we get on the stupid fucking
flight
