so stolen this again Lindsay I want you
to try it come on baby you mean after
you could possibly throw up come on
empty stomach even even balance oh my
god please be careful I will
little dizzy no cameras no hey go fight
what hey hey if you've watched me for a
long time
I love Firehouse Subs but I've been told
that there is a better place in
California and that is which which
sandwiches or just which which I don't
know
I found ones close to me and I'm gonna
go get it for lunch so okay this isn't a
sponsored spot at all this may be one of
the best sandwiches I've ever had this
is up there with the firehouse sub
Italian oh my god also to Brian and the
the gentleman whose name I kept
mispronouncing thank you for making me a
badass sandwich one second salivating
too much I'm not gonna film for a bit
cuz I'm gonna do things to this sandwich
that people shouldn't even talk about my
penis
note to self just because you can eat a
sandwich sized for your forearm doesn't
mean you should all at once what were
you saying about your dick bro I'm very
excited we're gonna be able to do a box
opening today we just got this in the
mail here we go as you can see it's the
brand new Kleenex anti viral
has one two three four five six sides
some standard of course this one does
kill 99.9% of cold flu viruses so we got
the upgrade right there active
ingredients you might not see this in a
lot of others some of them are new
citric acid of course the classic sodium
lauryl sulfate that's an inert
ingredients that's that's been what
everyone's been talking about in this
model so that's we're just gonna open
this up here alright so here we go now
this this if you if you've gotten this
before if you know this satisfying sound
and feeling
we just lost it there now okay so we're
gonna feet Wow Wow now you can now okay
well I need you to you're gonna be able
to feel the difference here oh do you
taste the difference there well oh not
good so that's mainly the inert
ingredients there so we're just gonna
see if there's anything else in this box
so we look on the okay just like just
like last time on the inside of the box
there is there is an expiration day that
you always try and hide that a lot of
people don't realize that overall I
gotta say I'm pretty I'm pretty
impressed with this upgrade guys I wanna
I want to thank you for watching this
box opening be sure to hit that like
button subscribe for daily box openings
of amazing Kleenex type content and be
sure to maybe like us on facebook add me
on instagram join on the kleenex lovers
snapchat and send me your city bitch
okay thanks see you next time cuz most
boxes openings are stupid I'm actually
I'm here at the office to shoot the
philip defranco show very early today
make sure you go check that but the main
point I wanted and this video on is I
hope you have a fantastic day that's not
right oh yeah great
