this damn copycat alright so finish them
all finish them all now oh my hands
covered in ink when the hell did this
happen
okay so I promised on Twitter the other
day that I would do another Q&A that
it's been really fun doing those so
let's do that we're gonna do it via
snapchat and Twitter hey Phil I'm
getting my little changed here made me
wonder what did you drive before the
Dodge so old schoolers remember this the
car that I had before the Challenger was
a Mazda rx-8 I loved that little car it
was so so fun but ultimately it met its
demise be a fire hydrant I found the
video here I hit a fire hydrant
yeah yeah but more important to me than
that car was my first car ever and that
was my beautiful beautiful 93 or 96 Geo
Prizm it was the first car that I bought
I bought it with the money that I got
from working at a movie theater and I
felt like a badass even though that car
was like purple blue and it was like a
4-cylinder it was so bad but it was the
first adult thing that I ever had it was
the first adult thing that I ever owned
and it was mine and it wasn't so that
mean it like the best thing ever how do
you do a little relation for yourself to
do things to get more organized to
develop good habits and do you know to
do stuff to get moving get this question
a lot and my ultimate answer to it is
what is the alternative what is the
alternative man it's just sitting in
life and doing nothing as other people
pass you and that that I can't even
stand losing a videogame if I lose it
life no no that's why I get angry that's
why I utilize the negative feelings in
my life because if I don't do anything
it's just gonna be more of the same and
you have to change things up sure you
might fail again but what the fuck is
the point of just sitting on the moving
like walking path that they have at the
airport of life you know that what's the
point something I always have to remind
myself and I always remind those around
me is there is no reason to act like a
victim of life stuff will happen to you
that is a fact
it if stuff doesn't happen to you
congratulations on winning the life
lottery that makes zero sense but if you
want good things to happen you have to
do it you have to be a main character in
your life my question is who is your
biggest source of inspiration and what
inspires you to keep going daily what
motivates you there's two things I'm
gonna be very honest and candid with you
the first is that inspiration is
everywhere there are there are so many
unknown youtubers or also big tubers or
just people hustling and making really
really great content the kind of content
that you look at it and you're like wow
it's amazing but instantly you get angry
at how good it is because you're not
making that but then also - money money
inspires the fuck out of me it really
really does for me it is very much the
score of life if life is a video game
that's how you accumulate points and I
think there's a lot of people that look
at money and it's this big negative
thing and it can be at times but I think
there's nothing wrong with wanting to be
rich there's nothing wrong with wanting
more as long as it doesn't consume you
and I guess after I reached a certain
point there is also a third thing and
that is once I had enough I could help
those around me whether it be with with
promotion because those people are
creators or or my family because now I
have have money and we didn't have it
growing up and and now my sons so that
that's actually the biggest thing for me
is is it's gonna be this weird balancing
act of I have stuff but I want I'm going
to want trait to know what it is to work
for it and really work for and respect a
dollar because I think that's the
biggest fear when when I had friends
that had rich family is growing up they
just they don't get it will you shave
your hair until mohawk entire purple you
know I'm a grown-ass man right no maybe
if I was ten years younger and I was
dating a girl that was into anime and
her nipples pierced or whatever but no
side note for me nipple piercings are
they're very interesting because
visually I find them attractive it says
I have issues and maybe that'll come out
during sex but in actual real life all I
worry about our mind my filling was
getting knocked out during foreplay
anyway next question father myself for
the youngest son I'm just kind of
curious of what conversations you were
dreading or looking forward to having
with Trey when he grows up I don't know
if I'm excited or nervous about any of
them here I'll test some on you religion
Trey sometimes some people believe that
there is a God and he created everything
and he sent his son down and and he died
for everyone's sins and and we're
supposed to try and be good people to
one another and help the less fortunate
also there there's a lot of other stuff
in there and people go to church if you
want to go you can also there's a bunch
of other religions I mean you can you
can check it out if you ever want to go
I'll go with you but you don't have to
it's it's really up to you if you want
if you want to test out those things
I'll support ya I mean the main thing
whether it be with religion or drugs or
career path or sexual preference or
whatever the main thing is I want to be
a source of information
and someone that my son can confide in I
I don't I don't know if that's you know
what I'll end up being because people
are their own people and maybe he's
gonna be close with his mom maybe his
friends maybe whatever but he doesn't
need to to do the things that I think
are best if he wants in on religion go
for it if he wants anything go for it
but I want him to make his decisions in
his life with with the most information
possible and only because he is his own
person even now like even though I'm
like ah my little boy one day he's going
to go out into the world and I just want
to make sure that he doesn't fuck his up
his entire life up he enjoys it he does
the most with it I think that's what a
parent's supposed to be as long as he
has a smile on his face more than 50% of
the time I will be happy in my life but
that's where I'm gonna end today's
vlogging I got a lot of stuff to do but
a bunch of it's actually really fun also
I need to do a lot of not fun stuff
because I'm flying to New York tomorrow
but we'll still get everything else also
I hope some of these answers give you a
point of view about something maybe
something that you can use in your daily
life if not I hope at the very least you
enjoyed it but I'm gonna jump into a lot
of stuff I love yo faces and have a
great fucking day
