are you yelling at your phone for being
stupid
it is Ceres the schmuck oh my god happy
Monday to you nation it is Monday at
6:30 I accidentally left my wallet on
the counter which has the key card to
the office so I can enter the office
because I have one of two keys still
left to the building but I can't disable
the alarm so I wouldn't be able to get
work done anyway because it'd be like
the police main thing is I'm back in
California goddamn around 8 9 o'clock
last night and so if you saw the Friday
plug you know I was in Florida but while
I was down there I also decided to do a
second thing a thing that I've wanted to
do for a very long time that was that my
dad had this old storage room in the
back it's kind of just like things were
stacked in there and it was because it
was really just a place of a shitty
memory when my dad's kidneys were
failing him he didn't have a kidney and
sight things were looking probably the
bleakest he was on dialysis so five
times a week he or my stepmom would step
hip stab him with a needle and then he'd
be on dialysis and he feel drained for
the rest of the day and just feel shitty
and it was just a bad memory so they
never really ever want to go in there so
I get that when something sucks and it's
shitty and even if it's something where
your place is in disarray it's because
you don't want to deal with it
so messed up then you don't want to deal
with it even more and so I wanted to
turn that back room and do into a
positive place and so my dad loves
playing games he's enjoyed streaming but
he doesn't have a streaming setup so I
decided to turn that back room into a
streaming room for him so the goal today
is to somehow clean this up and set up
again okay almost done almost done I
can't move that stuff cuz it's old
medical supplies that figure out I get
rid of and we said we did we did it I
didn't have enough time to make my daddy
a custom rig so I got this bad boy
removed all the other bloatware did a
fresh free install of a Windows 10
feeling successful and after was
completely decided we'll do a stream
together you know bring the nation in
announce it launch it and it was fun but
also the first there is a thing where a
few tips your tip would show up on
screen and then an automated voice would
read it so people were like okay I love
that let's tell horrible jokes with it
and you're all horrible people stop
doing your homework and play games with
us
do you wish you pulled out and splurged
on her but instead who do we appreciated
and Roth they found her head and
shoulders in the glove compartment why
did Jesus quit hockey he kept getting
pinned to the boards it's hard man I
feel like a Mexican can't tell jokes
cause I always cross the line why are
Jewish men circumcised because Jewish
women won't touch anything unless it's
50% off what bubbles and taps on glass a
baby in a microwave I'm for abortion
because it kills babies but against it
because it gives woman a choice what's
black and screams Stevie Wonder
answering the ire
what does a Cuban do when he gets a flat
tire drowns what's worse than sucking a
dozen raw oysters out of your
grandmother's pussy sucking out 13 of
them and realizing you only put in a
dozen what's the difference between a
joke and two dicks you can't take a joke
oh my god these jokes are so dark the
cops are trying to beat them what do you
get when you mix a Mexican a Jew in two
black men one hell of a SourceFed video
Michael J Fox made a twitch account he
doesn't play games he just sits there
what's the worst thing about getting
your keys locked in your car outside an
abortion clinic having to go and do ask
for a coat hanger so that's essentially
it it was two hours of you guys making
me laugh at stuff I didn't want to laugh
at because it's terrible but Papa
DeFranco is my dad and so I laugh at
messed-up stuff that no one should ever
say out loud the main thing it was a
good weekend
it was a great stream if you want to see
more of Papa DeFranco on Twitter he's at
de Papa and on Twitch he's twitch.tv
slash Papa DeFranco plays but that said
I'm gonna go in today kick some ass hang
out at Lynn's in the bay so just jump
back into everything and then this
weekend we're headed to New York for
it's a big SourceFed Live
I have I think a 30 to 45 minute thing
they just kind of threw me in but I'm
excited because I get to see people from
the nation so that said I love you faces
and have a great fucking day you too you
have a great fucking day
