I like briefs little black boxer boxer
briefs I'm about briefs I used to be all
about boxers but like for my boys I want
a little support boxers
none box rah-rah boxer briefs a choice
boxer boxer briefs one man enjoys boxing
I mean you get that you get the supports
of a brief but you get the style style
the unlocks ISM they don't they don't
ride up they don't come into the
crotchal crotchal region the best cuz
they're tight but they look like little
shorts they don't look like silly and
goofy Xers you know I said that so sexy
like boxers are are sexy um well here's
the problem not everyone can pull off
briefs we'll just leave it at that
bring boxer briefs when you put those
two together amazing perfection America
needs to do that with Democrats and
Republicans let's find us something in
between when I when I think of briefs I
think I've malcolm in the middle' cuz
they're family and all the scenes
whenever they're in like underwear
they're always wearing really tight
freeze like if ladies want support in
the bra area bros want support in the
junk area i like boxers yeah i think
it's weird if they have tighty whities
I'm just disappointed he's not a boxer
breathe cuz you get the loose yeah with
the support otherwise you can't you
can't wear gym shorts and run it's just
it's it's not fun someone that wears
tighty-whities is like someone that
checks in with their mom all the time
okay I'm like I cannot deal with that
okay scrunched up together that's got to
get like hot and sweaty and sticky I'm
gonna keep this brief and save god
that's good I'm gonna say whatever makes
you the most company you start out with
your tighty whities yeah you you
graduate in middle school we were like
mom I just want bunks yeah
I'm gonna use my bloody marys oh that is
fucking girls Oh My Bloody Mary's are
hanging out the boxers on girls are cute
and hot and like great I love want I
liked seeing a girl and a cute pair of
boxers meet ale in my life
Bob briefs were a time from elementary
school up through middle school which
was unfortunate because the locker rooms
happened middle school or high school
was boxers and now I have transitioned
in into boxer briefs and I wouldn't have
it any other way I went through a
similar trajectory his high school was
boxers you have a little bit of the puff
hey yeah but at the top the third light
you put thug life here yeah my nose and
thought I was just unkempt dated a guy
though that didn't ever wear underwear
okay I think that's kind of weird I feel
like girls get away with it for me it
feels dangerous when I do it because I'm
like I'm constantly checking to make
sure like I'm not but that's because in
middle school there was this kid who
just didn't wear him one day zipper was
down remotely like that six years ruined
his life for six years yeah done he was
that guy yeah for the rest of his life
he's like I bet he just wished he could
move every day but yours wouldn't ruin
your life he will be like hey hey I'll
take that I like that it's people gonna
be like how do it what is she like
wearing Mike's boxers eyewear is great
that's bizarre
I think this water episode but I like
where he has boxers they're nice and
they're so comfy I heard some really
convenient out in the middle that's Mike
where you you're no I mean I would be
into it but he would never but you're
not totally the showed I like my pants
they're jeggings jeggings yeah they're
like not actual jeans but but that I
think more like leggings and I think
feminine
so boxer briefs jeggings what's a
jegging like a look it's a yoga pants
mix with jeans Oh are these like girl
jeans that have the elastic mix they're
not girls jeans they were sold in a
men's section of hmm they're called Tech
fit pants Ricky
that's why leggings are in the name mmm
cute
