I don't think I've ever told this story
I'm not gonna make the other people but
all of them are youtubers and all of
them are youtubers that you all know I
don't know anyone that's poop themselves
of course I put myself I think I put
myself five years ago oh yes uh as an
adult well either way yes that answer is
absolutely yes
have I ever pooed myself yes anyone who
says no to that is a liar pretty car
barely confident that I pooped myself
within the past five years
in fact I'm definitely sure I put myself
in the past five years also I have to
say yes because as someone who suffers
from IBS which I do um sometimes
literally shit happens
have I I came very close a few days ago
actually like way close in my apartment
I don't even think I well obviously when
you're like a little kid you did but I
have never past like remembering like my
parents probably having to do that I
have never pushed myself which I am very
proud of because I know that that just
happens sometimes no I told you I had to
go home to poop before I could come over
yeah hard pass for me on this one you
guys there's been there's been times
where I've been like oh my god this
could happen but I've made it so we're
good on that one no no I haven't all
right
any thoughts on the subject it's one of
the funniest things in the world being
knows it's a funny story to tell I
really think if you want to be my friend
tell me a really really good peeping
pant story no I haven't and I don't I
really would love somebody to tell me
their story of how it happened because I
didn't believe you I don't think that
that it can actually happen like what's
wrong with you that you actually put
yourself I was driving on I wish I could
say a road trip but it was like 15
minutes cuz like a road trip sounds like
you're in the car for a while I was in
the car like nine miles how think I
never told this story I'm not gonna name
the other people but all of them are
youtubers and all of them are youtubers
oh yeah within the past five years I
steamed green a grown man poop myself I
was wearing cargo shorts which he kind
of deserve it at that point and we went
to Sharma so we're all driving back as
we car pulled over they started probably
all my stomach feels weird on my these
white people they're always liars
someone's feeling weird the driver a
good like five minutes later I was like
oh yeah my stomach is weird too and
we're supposed to hang out and play
games afterwards and everybody was like
actually you know I think I was gonna go
home well mmm
and in my head I'm gone white people
right cuz just didn't make it on time
there's no there's no story about
pooping yourself that doesn't end in
make it on time it was one of those two
where it was like oh there's a little
bit of gas nope there's a lot of poop
and it was just like wet you know what I
mean were you sitting there and it was
like am i puddle what is this debris in
my pant I get in my car this was not my
parent car in fact it's why I sold my
car and call about my previous car and
this was a ninety seven seven
I'm so sorry for it of a North Hollywood
that's why you hear that Cornell you
know I mean I didn't make it did I
straight-up didn't make it and um damn
like I pretty sure I had something to
eat that was giving me some sort of
papillomavirus or some sort of a human
stomach virus or you know Asian bird flu
or whatever I had man head so I pulled
over to a gas station I took the other
way wadded them up and threw them in the
corner because there was no garbage game
there for some reason left and I think
about all the time like the person I had
to go in that bathroom and look down and
see they were a nice pair of underwear
and and I hope that they were like free
nice underwear and they're like no
someone to get dumped in these I hope
they're out there and I hope they're
happy the person and the under way and
my asshole gave away pretty much
immediately and yeah man the inside of
my jeans were caked and I didn't throw
them away I wash them because I did I
really like these jeans next question
and y'all gir had that feeling of where
you think it's gas
hey one gasps I was trying to ease the
pressure and what happened was the
shwarma came out instead so yeah throw
that dress and I traded in that car like
four days later not even kidding like I
couldn't afford a car payment like I
don't care I can't ever get in this car
without the shame of what I've been to
this front seat same with me so you're
welcome I was in my car and I had a hat
in my car and I thought you can make it
to your house and then I thought what if
you just shit in the Hat and then I
thought don't shit in the Hat gap you
make it to your house are you okay are
you sick that's fine
add too much coffee but the point is is
that the mantra for you to keep going in
life is don't shit in the head get to
your half oh man
plus I really like that hat I didn't
want to shit in it
