good morning it is 508 Thursday morning
there is a do doggy doggy what's
happening daddy we got up around 4:00 to
start packing Lindsay's flight is at
like 5:30 my flights not till around
10:50 but all that time at the airport
I'll already be there I won't have to
worry about if I'm gonna miss my flight
I can film edit and hopefully upload the
entire PDS vlogs already up it's all
about time management baby okay here we
go
after we go here we should hit up a
store so I can get you like real
printouts yeah I don't even know the
margin just came out today what are you
doing at me
oh I'm putting you on put you on bro
I'm getting right on that beard look at
that that's that that's some that's some
high def beard hair defranco's gonna
have facial hair it's just that it comes
in
we did 50 yeah so I just got I got some
more years like this chest yeah I got
some more years you have chest hair now
a little bit looks like I said you know
he's chef dad like that
haha you know your son did just now they
paid off the house
in love
and because I'm so emotionally damaged
the only way I can show it is with money
yeah Norma Carville we armored cars
that's how we really pay off the house
sorry guys we're about to rob an armored
car what they just fired like we heard
him say it no but you deserve it no just
no just when you come home we're gonna
drink some wine and celebrate no this is
this is me thanking you guys as soon as
we paid it off he goes so where do I go
to get a mortgage so that's a lot of
people are asking why I was coming out
to Florida it was to visit dad but also
to be able to celebrate with the fam for
this thing that I don't know I've wanted
to do for a very long time also oddly uh
one day away from a big anniversary
which is Papa DeFranco I'm wait until
you you're not chewing so I can put the
camera on you're always chewing Papa to
Franco to two years since the kidney
transplant
what I was saying yesterday I'm so happy
wait can I see the arm no yeah this
thing that you don't have to use anymore
yes hopefully never again is that does
that mean anything to you so I don't
have to plug into what you see with
anymore anyway that's that I hope you
guys have a great fantastic Friday
Saturday Sunday I'm gonna give you a
kiss and then I have to get like serious
for a second so yeah
so people that on yesterday is philip
defranco show they were like why didn't
you talk about the shooting yesterday
that was because I shot my show early in
the morning and I was on a plane all day
coming out here so thank you for the
people that follow me on social media
that were like why didn't you do
anything
also I want to thank all the it's not
just like the small new
let's doing this I want to thank all and
congratulate all the small news outlets
that are not showing the face of the
shooter of this this newest school
shooting I'm very glad to see people
focusing on the victims and the heroes
of this story rather than the fucking
asshole that was just looking for
attention and looking to cause fear and
looking to hurt people so thank you to
them all so thank you to all the people
out there that that really this they
they care about people and not just the
other shit but that note I love you
faces of course seven days a week here
word stuff I got no outro for this I
need to I need to edit this video stop
it get out my friend
