top you beautiful bastards today I am
going on a plane I'm going to visit my
dad I haven't gone to Florida in a very
long time so instead of mail Monday
which I forgot about this week we are
gonna do mail Monday that's really a
Thursday last Monday I said I'm open the
mailbox again you can send stuff here
and I'll open some stuff on camera that
said let's get started I've had so much
sadness and heartbreak in the past few
years
keeping up with y'all gives me something
to look forward to Jennifer B I love
your face thank you for being a part of
this thing and I've been I even it still
to this day I'm sometimes on the
opposite and what you're saying that
part of the conversation so I'm glad I'm
touched that I get to be that for you
sometimes from the show some cakes
Joseph gate sent me a bottle cap wrench
and said there was a picture of his son
in here but it's not thank you for the
love from your family to mine also I
love why you gave this to me I opted to
send a badass bottle opener for you it
can also act as a blunt object to
protect yourself if someone protect
theirs oh it brings it to your house I
hope it comes in handy it amuses it it
already abused me hopefully I don't have
to kill someone that intrudes my home
that's I speak words well wow this is a
gift from Mohammed who said I just saw I
just saw her I liked her hand on my
throat vlog and suddenly decide to
decide to buy this I also wanted to say
that you're one of my favorite creatures
on this planet I kind of want to show
you what it is but I kind of want
someone to use it and that's how I show
you what second right so you can't see
do you know what this is I just got this
in the mail alright so Steve this is
gonna sound weird but I want you to bend
over if possible and I want you to guess
if you know what it is do it do it yeah
it's constantly Mohammed sent it to me
oh my god why I mean that's hot what's
the point of there being so many exposed
to us attack you're supposed to tease
and that's my shit
Oh
oh my god what is this channel turned
into super well it's like it's not gonna
hurt through jeans Steve and I also
don't want you to take your pants off oh
god you're not gonna go straight but are
you oh god Steve as soon as the tickle
habit so you know you guys own this now
I don't want I don't want that I'm gonna
burn this whole room I think Brady's
gonna keep it no not if you touch your
vibe all right you want to keep it that
seems like I got this just just as it
just as a gag just as a gag you guys
thanks Muhammad I don't know how much of
that I can actually post on the internet
but we're gonna see oh we got a package
from Julian Fang the name sounds
familiar if you watch SourceFed Julia
Frank why do you want me to be the
largest version of myself Julia thank
you and how dare you I am gonna keep ooh
actually I was gonna say that one I
didn't I make cookies and cream when
everyone watching the live show in New
York slot
Wow really chunky Julia thanks fault
also my fault for not having any
self-control but mainly Julia Fang oh I
was like this one's from our friends
staples don't be anthrax don't be
anthrax though it's from Taylor Michigan
dear Phil if you were looking for a sign
that you should start a podcast this is
it you know I feel like it I understand
you're a very busy man
that's amazing if I do start one this is
gonna be this even if just for a moment
this is gonna be in the first episode
this is from CJ Clark
it says who do not Bend how is paper
stronger than me this from CJ he's a 21
year old college student a musician he
sent me his CD because we only have some
mail today I was like let's listen to it
I don't know if we have anything that
plays CDs CDs have almost gone the way
of the floppy disk man I recorded it
alone using my sub park women at home of
the span over of a few years the only
thing stopped me from giving up on my
music and finding a more stable career
as my passion CJ I'm gonna try and
listen to this as as fast as possible
but I won't do this all the time because
people used to send me so much music in
the links because because you're one of
the first I'm gonna link to your music
on Spotify so people can listen to it
for free and also link it to it on high
things that people want to buy but after
that it's up to them if they like you or
not I like that the handle with care
package is the one that looks like it's
had the most bumps okay if my muscles
were in frame you guys be so impressed
the Aqua Taizo is a fruit infused water
bottle that allows you to add your
favorite combinations to encourage you
to drink more water I feel I'm sure that
I'm a new youtuber I'm sending you a
sample pack called the appetizer I'm not
after free promotion at all liar I've
got a great product that I truly believe
in and I know you're always looking to
improve your health and fitness so thank
you for being one of the first people to
send me a package alright once again I'm
not gonna do this all the time but I
love you I'm gonna try it out I'm not
saying I've enjoyed the use so far I
like the idea of being happy acqua tiser
dad calm okay okay okay okay I got
really stressed out because I thought
this was something that was way more
expensive I was like don't do that this
is from Tara Hamby hey Phil and joy
thank you for all whether you do PS you
and your lovely wife or the best parents
ever oh thank you
little baby eh that's going right on my
desk thank you in the Box I don't care
there we go but guys that is gonna be it
for this video I want to thank everyone
that sent stuff whether it be a letter
or like presents or food or music just
what thank you for returning our weird
digital relationship into something
physical and in front of
and remember once again if you want to
send stuff you can send it here so
attractive that said I love your faces
and have a great fucking day
