I better never see like wait is this
like a serious thing I better never see
racism in 2018 I better never see a
fidget spinner again I better never see
fidget spinners another Donald Trump
tweet in 27 2018 2018 I better never see
dabbing again in 2018 I better never see
Jake Paul again in 2018 better not see
no more bullshit actually depression
again in 2018 I don't know I got super
depressed this year was weird because
like in terms of years had a pretty good
one I moved I got this awesome job like
I got to do a lot of cool stuff and then
I just got sad so you know what's up
that goes away in 2018 I hope that I
don't continue to see more women being
or men or anybody being sexually
harassed
Harvey Weinstein again unless he's on
trial Tommy and Lehren again in 2018 I
mean white women have trouble as it is
she makes it so hard for us I better
never see the wippen Nene again in 2018
I think it's had its run
I better not see Ted Cruz like and porn
on Twitter again and 2018 enough of that
shit I better never see cynicism again
in 2018 if you don't like something you
can do something about it less pants I
don't see pants anymore
oh no I I'm married to a woman who had
was pregnant and then had a little baby
no but it's fine I'm good
a true truth is that episode I tell my
family not to watch No
Oh true yeah true sorry mom yes it was a
fair enough
just hey is there a middle ground what's
a what's a maybe I say true but I can do
better fucking true true my mom watches
these all right so I answer this in 2017
I definitely I believe God hotter
because for like a good portion of 2017
I decided that a bullet was a good idea
true I like me I guess I wouldn't say I
just say I started trying more only
because I gained so much weight it's
physically warmer true you know I think
everyone gets hotter every year false oh
I guess false true false I don't think I
got hotter in 2017 false yes
true false no yeah climate change just
kidding no I think I look the same since
I'd say so oh my god okay so I think I
got way hotter in 2017 I started my
modeling career a little bit from the
looks of it I feel like it's take it off
we haven't gotten the attention of
JCPenney yet which is fine because I
actually went to that Instagram and it's
mostly female models I didn't really do
much research I put money in Bitcoin at
2017 in three years I'll either be like
genius or I'll be like I pretty much
just set that money on fire
no false I have put no money in savings
true false false it's very true that I
put money into saving I'm very proud of
that too I tell people to put money in
their savings all the time so does it
count if I put it in savings and then
took it out of see true true I became a
true adult yeah false as fuck I
did actually true true I'm financially
safe true not much but an amount true
and I'm very proud of myself for that I
invested in crypto if there's a good
thing or a bad thing but yes I am saving
that loot for a rainy day and for a good
day I'm trying to buy it could be
somebody else's yet actually I'd rather
be somebody else's yet because I don't
want to pay for that I feel like all the
deaths got overlooked because everyone
was touching everyone and when is it
makes it sound even nicer than what it
was yeah Chester is the closest yeah
Chris Cornell died wait who's
Christopher no Prince I'm gonna say
Prince hit me the hardest this year what
that last year no no wait no what last
year oh my god who's died this year Hugh
Hefner and also chester bennington I was
a huge Linkin Park fan chester
bennington hit me hardest Bennington
growing up Linkin Park was my favorite
band I was not okay for Ohio Amanda her
roommate died one of my other friends
had tickets to go to New York to see
bleona to it in Lincoln Park in a week
before that show we bought our tickets
and everything into before we took off
we got the news while in the office that
he passed I've never like really been
hit with sadness and I went home and
just like listened to Lincoln Park and
laid on my forum floor and cried like it
was so depressing and so sad
it hit me hit me I mean a death in
general hits me none of them everyone
dies Carrie Fisher hit me hardest Tom
Petty I've loved since I was a child Tom
Petty was rough his song I won't back
down got me through some very low
moments this year because it was like
people reporting he was dead he wasn't
actually dead and then he was dead
wildflowers is what I won't played at my
funeral it's just he he plays a big role
in like life moments for me and it just
really sad when he passed Tom Petty
though I'm glad he didn't fall off the
building or something that's terrible
I'm sorry yeah I wasn't too affected by
celebrity deaths this year sorry last
year last year was rough so this year I
was kind of like
No yeah I feel like last year was more
of a hit me hard
Iran celebrity deaths than this one I
mean Adam West was great you know the
Batman's always everything he's
contributed but uh nothing really hit me
hard it was like oh that sucks
louis ck's career and then say a name I
want all my heroes to die before they
can disappoint me I don't want the rock
to die I think he's Jesus in a sense
he's a second coming Adam driver because
I would lose my shit I'm not saying I
want 1:18 to take this person but you
know Pennywise had a great run and she's
the last of the Golden Girls I think I
don't want her to go but if she went ID
and I'd be like it's a good run it was a
good run girl you got it good
I'd always gonna be bad I'm saying would
you rather me say a child I would love
for 2018 to take a bunch of people that
are our president I'd love for 2018 to
take Weinstein that might be hard but
like I would love for 2018 to take Kim
Jungman that a celebrity Kenna can I say
that Kim Jonathan 2018 better not take
Michelle Obama 2018 better not come for
Beyonce or Celine Dion any of the Divas
I just I'm still really processing
Whitney
any of my family members Tom Hanks Tom
Hanks it's America's fucking dad your
hero I swear to God if it comes out he
touched something girl I'm gonna be real
sad like you know it's just not gonna be
a great day for me
awful stop all right fine yeah okay
fidgety fuck bullshit hate them I love I
got one in my car where I'm stuck in
traffic fuck I saw it yesterday
they now have fidgets spinners that can
connect to your phone to run games just
stop get a quick a pen Jesus fuck
Apple products I despise Apple products
with a passion despise awful products
y'all are still wrong about saying pop
it is pop it is not soda is pops they're
called soda pops I'm just sayin
okay okay y'all are still wrong about
episode seven in season two of stranger
things
it wasn't that bad it really wasn't that
bad you guys need to calm down saying
y'all y'all are wrong by saying y'all
not a real thing just you all it's not
that hard nocturnal animals was a good
movie and it got shit on liking that new
Eminem album y'all are still wrong about
jet fuel melting steel beams the fact
that I talk about Texas all the time
because I don't okay I know I'm talking
about it right now
but don't talk about Texas all the time
and texas food is better everyone else's
like you talk about texas no because
people are like oh california so food so
good no y'all are still wrong about how
to treat each other as human beings
yeah we're still wrong about climate
change shit's on fire here man y'all are
still wrong about the movie in time that
movie is perfect you're all still
weren't wrong about that pre-cum it is
conspiracy theory
condom companies made it up so they can
increase their condom sales if you get
pregnant it's not my fault
I left a giant company and I started out
on my own I oh I love it I say this all
the time my worst days now a billion
times better than my best days though
who's that I graduated college I took a
year off because I couldn't find
anything and I actually found a job
actually like doing the stuff that I had
always like seen and wanted to do like
it's crazy that it has worked out this
way and I'm just so like trying to
live in the moment and enjoy it hey man
you've got a job I got spent a lot more
time with my like my siblings and my
cousins that I normally do which I
really enjoy so I'm really thankful for
that happy for it
hopefully 2018 keeps it up hope you guys
aren't watching I graduated from college
and my grandma got to be there to see it
so that was that's cool 2017 was the
hardest year of my life thus far it was
very difficult for me but a very good
thing that came from the things that
I've experienced this year is I have
found a sense of independence that I
lost and I am a lot stronger because of
what I've been through this year I think
I like myself a lot more than I used to
and I think I believe in myself a lot
more than I used to and that's that
feels really good that feels awesome I
mean I'm still dealing with it but if
you know I'm trying the most meaningful
thing that happened in 2017 for me is
that I was able to build a closer
relationship with my parents and I think
that in conversation become better
people and it means a lot to me to be
close to my parents because I live so
far away from them I went back to school
to finish my degree but it's been so
great I'm doing like my screenwriting
classes which are my passion and to kind
of after you know I've been working in
news for seven years so to get to write
like a fictional storing the escapism it
really reminded me like how much I love
writing fiction something meaningful
that happened to me in 2017 is then I
fell in love taking a career going
independent as you have seen is not is
not easy and behind the scenes is even
more long nights and phone calls and
stressful anxiety attacks but holy shit
was it worth it I moved to LA and that
was a big deal for me I moved out of my
hometown out of four years living in Los
Angeles I do not have to worry about
freelancing anymore and worry about
putting bread on the table and worrying
about right well I moved in with my
girlfriend we now live together
I hope everyone knows that this year I
got laid off got rehired by friends and
I got a dog and a girlfriend and uh
that's cool I proposed to my girlfriend
of nearly seven years I love you Paige
Cook's I hate this I hate this so much
tastes like shit I want 2018 to come
there's gotta be over Danny it's not
done yet I wouldn't make any more
how my new here's gonna kiss you should
get that off the light before we start a
fire oh that smells great happy new year
