so I've good news and bad news one I've
been able to actually record smash and
pull them from Twitter the bad news is I
think about a hundred people have died
based on the number of ambulances and
police cars that have passed by all so
I'm in the middle of a dust storm
hope we're gonna move and figure this
out okay so I found a roof parking lot
that is pretty empty usually roof
parking lots are limited to the other
people that actually work there because
normal people are just generally lazy if
there's not an elevator yeah la ok here
we go well today they found water and
Mars NASA finding water on Mars
liquid water water on Mars what does it
mean well the prospect of water on Mars
it doesn't it doesn't affect my daily
life I think I think in general you get
excited about it because for a moment
you think okay there has to be something
somewhere my question is what is this
skill or something that you would say to
high school so things like balancing a
checkbook it is so so damn important
learning about debt learning about
interest rates learning around about
real world stuff that everything we do
in life is a lesson it is a learning
experience I prefer to call my failures
learning experiences does it stop it
from being a failure
no but if I learn from it then at least
there's something I can gain from this
negative we have to deal with people
you're learning social skills when you
have to deal with people in a setting
where they're all listening to you
that's public relations when you're
having to deal with someone going crazy
at you
that's crisis management if you're not
learning from life and the good things
and the bad things happen to you and
everyone else around you you aren't
doing it improv
they felt a love if you did a and office
turkeys I think you've changed after
only where the writers room is and stuff
of that so I'd love to see that
and yeah keep up the awesome work okay
let's do a walk through so entryway this
is this very simple nothing really to
look at just a desk so that he can meet
people in the front area here some
snacks work our way around this way Oh
pictures Oh pictures here on the laps we
have the super panic frenzy rooms can
tell by how messy it opens up ease the
rayna's and then we have our editors and
here this is Jeremy's office he had all
the channels this used to be where the
hosts work but now it's just kind of our
chill entryway area where you can turn
it wait for the meetings then this is
the the SourceFed SourceFed nerd editing
Bay I love these guys because they're so
organized let's see we'll move into my
office with my editors across the way a
lot we're like all that body wraps
really cool it's actually just uh it's
just a piece of fabric we're getting a
body wrap because it looks so cool but a
chance this is this is our room oh yeah
I got myself a smaller desk so I wasn't
blocking the TV anymore
I love and hate this room it is our
general meeting room hopefully there's
nothing I'm not supposed to show on that
board yeah so big meeting small meetings
that's there then this is kind of just a
a work area and then I might have had to
cut because I think I might have
accidentally shown our address and then
down and then this is this is backward
FHP used to be as you can tell we're
still not completely moved out where
we're still getting rid of some of the
leftover product we'll probably get rid
of this during our Christmas sale or if
we have a broke-ass College good sale go
like super super super cheap get some
temps and but yeah this is where
SourceFed SourceFed nerd hosts our
they've they've thrown themselves in the
corner there's like random desks shown
about I think this is the spot with the
least organized room they have the
freedom to do whatever and you can see
that like one of the only people that
has done so is Bri but yeah I think this
back room is gonna become cooler and
cooler
hopefully snacks cuz they're by love
snacks this is our like eating area this
is our overflow room when Discovery
sends the text out the accountants out
the benefits people have anyone out this
is usually where they work usually
there's only like one desk in there but
we just had a bunch of people in here so
they made the best of it this used to be
our chill like watch TV area but it has
now been turned in a set into a set for
Elliot's weekend's show on SourceFed
sales and management of the building and
this is the super panic frenzied room
filming room so this is where they shoot
the podcast which you if you watch that
channel you recognize the background and
then this is where the record actually
most of the gameplay stuff we have it
set where we can record three people at
the same time so this is probably gonna
turn into another chill area this is
where we do all the live switching so if
you watch superhero roundup if you watch
the SourceFed podcast all of that is
switched here that way we can save a
bunch of time on the edit so that's
really nice then this is kind of a
general filming area I know we'll likes
to shoot against this we move a lot of
the lights so it kind of just looks like
an empty wall but we do shoot here green
screen stuff you've seen on the blog
before shoot it here then we go to
source but nerd set this is Table Talk
this set most likely is changing
sometime soon but then a source of a
podcast just here in the corner just a
bunch of stuff god that needs to be
organized wardrobe room and this of
course is the has remained the same
since the beginning this is our our
SourceFed room stars room of course you
designed the ton of stuff on the board
human people start on website a lot of
this stuff for all our channels the new
logo is everything management people's
my room I'm gonna fix that I'm gonna fix
that I was a that was a weird day yeah
there's a little office tour all updated
in six months when everything looks
different again that said I hope you
have a fantastic Tuesday I love you face
thanks for being a part of my daily
thing and have a great fucking day
