every now and then I get to a point
where there's so many things going on
that I can't focus on any one thing so I
sit down I get a piece of paper and I
write a few things out first off
listening to the Marsha easily my
favorite quote right now my asshole is
doing as much to keep me alive as my
brain you organized the home desk at the
wall-mount power cable the avermedia
works to this felt necessary because my
desktop really didn't get any love here
I always walk around my laptop's my
gaming laptop and I want to be play so I
can hang out with tray that's this EDS
four times we eaten up and changing
there although we'll have a fill-in
editor for the next two weeks and that
Thursday show while in the airport
Sergei very soon will be taking over
half of the table talks need to start a
podcast maybe once a week it fits every
demo every desire everything I want to
do need to get a vlog of the editor I
have loved editing these daily vlogs but
oh man it is a time sync when you have
any other things to do reading the fifth
way which is enjoyable until they make
it very Twilight esque fix the bike tire
essentially stop being a lazy piece of
shit like it happened the past few weeks
so I look pretty
ah that was interested come on
day one week for couch to 5k I've been
doing it for four weeks I've been
hopping a little all over the thing to
find
my current fitness level uh today is it
I uh I stopped a minute short I ran it
afterwards but I changed pace so now we
know like a good place to start building
from and we have orange and blue on
accident on purpose
hey two years
I want to curse so bad but you have a
baby right there
do you how bad is your doing Tennessee
is just running all over them
our demon jizz non-existent are you
frustrated by that I know I am oh the
worst game ever
it's a good look for you man you're
talking about your little happy I see
that I'm a little happy 28:27 less than
two minutes to go the game Oh Burwick
it's not over oh oh
the Gators ice no the Gators iced him
the Gators iced him it doesn't count
what yeah the Gators iced him they call
timeout right before the snap not over
it's not over yet this game's gonna give
me a heart attack
oh oh oh you anxious it is give you
traitors give you the biggest side I use
like roses a quick test of the the
iPhone 6s plus 60 frames per second
1080p and then shoot a 4k about 4k will
be I probably did a terrible job
matching that but this is now 4k it's a
I figure I'd shoot with the shut the Sun
see if it looks good maybe we'll get
some detail on the car get close
mara
so to elaborate on a few points I made
earlier in the video one reason I'll be
editing the philip defranco show and
being on a plane on thursday is i'm
flying out to see my dad this weekend
lindsay has trey and she's taking him to
a gender-reveal party for her brother
and they're pregnant it's all very
exciting I wanted to take a moment to
see my dad I haven't visited my my dad
in a very long time they don't get the
same kind of opportunities to fly out to
me fly them out whenever they can but I
want us to just kind of see them and
spend some time with them so that's what
I'm doing that on Thursday to Sunday
also when I say that I need an editor
for the vlog it's not because I'm like I
just hate editing these I love editing
these fucking videos but it ends up
being that instead of waking up at 6
o'clock in the morning and starting to
research and rock out the philip
defranco show when we come at 5:30 in
the morning and I'm editing to the point
where I'm supposed to start filming the
philip defranco show and I've done like
half as much research so everything gets
a little push back and I like I like the
PDS as being kind of on time the problem
with that is current editors I have very
good editors but they don't really get
what I'm going for in the vlogs I feel
like people like Casey Neistat have
changed what vlogging is supposed to
visually look like what the messaging is
supposed to be I don't want to just kind
of have this uncut mishmash of stuff I
want to have fun with it and do weird
things with it just because hopefully
sometime in the near future I can find
someone with those sensibilities I'll
still edit a bunch of them because at
the end of the day like I need to be
able to do stuff from home but I'm tired
of having these because I like putting
extra effort into the content and the
final thing what are my opinions on the
iPhone 6s plus I showed you some of the
footage earlier what I will say as far
as the phone itself I do like it more
than the regular iPhone 6s I just really
like the extra screen space and little
tips like double tapping the home button
to bring down the screen so you can get
to things that are at the top you can
still one-hand everything and so that's
really great the movies look great on it
I love it for the optic image
stabilization but that said I don't
believe the camera is actually better
than my Samsung Galaxy s6 which I think
is amazing the LG is also like if you
have the Android the camera on those in
my opinion are better this this video on
the iPhone 6s plus
well pretty pretty fucking amazing for
like you going to 4k 1080p 60 frames per
second slow-mo there is a flatness to it
which I think if I was better at color
correction afterwards I'd be fine with
but I do believe I'll use this one as my
backup camera but I won't take it on
runs with me from now on unless I have
the baby because I got the Apple watch
because I'm a big tool bag hey hey come
on dad ah why just do that why did I
just do that and I also do want to note
I'm actually a big fan of Pebble watches
I think they're some of the best
cleanest long-lasting battery watches on
the market but the way that Apple blocks
off the ability to do things like
sending text through voice like I was
able to use that watch for Android they
pushed me into finally getting one but
all of that said I love you faces I'm
gonna geez this is a nightmare today the
main point I love your face thanks for
all the sport and have a fucking great
day
