I just go on tinder and I say hey yeah
that's really easy for girls and then
there's just a dick in my mouth oh god
is just makes me cringe to think about
hey what's up I like you Oh what was my
pickup line oh is it like cop bot like
to hit again yeah I buy someone a drink
this usually it's the guy that's
supposed to buy the girl a drink they
what are you drinking and they're like
Oh what do you want I'm like to buy you
a drink I don't really know I don't
really know I don't really do much to
ask someone out I seem to just kind of
fall into relationships by accident a
lot of the time I don't know I like to
kind of get a feel for that person's
sense of humor and then I kind of like
work my way around like the laughter
thing and making them laugh then I just
straight up go like hey we should like
get a bite or something or we should go
get a coffee or we should hang out
sometime well is it oh yeah I like you
only be with you I got you I like you
beat around the bush cuz I'm really shy
so I'll just like play that like
innocent like hey do you want to go get
something to eat do you want to go do
something and then just pray that they
don't like tell me no so I don't run
into a corner and cry I just go on
tinder and I say hey yeah that's really
easy for girls and then there's just a
dick in my mouth like instantly right
out of nowhere
ha ha ha and a pussy that's so easy a
dick and a pussy in your mouth Paulo
just there ah now what I do when I like
someone or asked them out is I just say
I like you will you go out with me but I
didn't do that when I was young cuz
young kids want to make things entirely
more complicated for themselves than
they have to be I'm gonna look very
forward I usually
like hey I like you that's not true yeah
not with girls no not with girls with
boy that goes over well with girls I'm
like she's so hard to be Gabby that was
my move I wrote her a note and put it in
her first and then I texted her I wrote
you a note and then what happened it
worked
yeah I like someone I'm like that little
like annoying bug rabid that just kind
of like what do I do show up show up
show up if it's an Instagram drill now
I'll tell her hey let me buy you things
let me buy you a pizza let me do
something you know make her laugh make
you laugh make you feel comfortable
lies don't get replies I have commitment
issues but in the opposite direction
I've gone on one date with someone
I guess I'm that boyfriend now I guess
that's how it works I literally run
under a hole and wait for them to come
find me and then if they don't come find
me I'm like I did one thing that I did
when I was in a high school when I was a
freshman I had just big boom box that I
carried around with me there's a girl
named Gigi that I I liked freshman year
high school and I was obsessed with took
the boom box and I put it down in the
hallway I started playing Casey and Jojo
in the middle of a passing period not
ask you to slow dance with me in the
middle of the hallway last time I was
super forward with the guy
yah-ha-ha-ha-ha
and we're still very happy I got my
girlfriend she wanted hand sanitizer so
basically I was like yeah sure I got
some I got something for you right here
I was like digging around in my bag for
about a minute and a half and she was
like patiently waiting and I just pulled
out my middle finger and I said here's
your hand sanitizer and she says that it
was like the moment that was like all I
really like this guy looking back as a
horrible way than ever I don't even
understand what the joke was trying to
convey well I have a technique girls the
one that like the really tough guy and
they don't want the really soft guy they
want something in the middle and like
you cannot do everything in one second
so I develop this technique that I call
sexy but vulnerable and if this is this
movement did you just turn to the book
the lips is the sexy like I know I'm
sexy and then the eyes of like a little
like baby monkey that is looking into
her - his mom that's a vulnerable
altogether is the best technique that
you can
just be really fun be relevant say yes
be yeah
ask him on a date that's all you got all
you got to do is go for well the dick is
in the pussy what's in the house so wow
I you take a minute and ruminate on that
I'm gonna go drink my Jamba Juice yeah I
don't think that's possible I just
realized
