no Greg James I want the whole vlog to
be you fucking with this wire all I need
you to do is plug it in just so I can
see if it works you don't have to see if
it looks good I hate I hate this
overhead lighting so I want to see if we
can make everything
I almost got a bit more comfortable oh
Jesus I won't punch you in their face ah
hey you did it James you've done all
right we're all proud let's all give it
up for James yeah here we go I'm pretty
sure that's gonna blow up but it'll look
nice till it done so wouldn't it
Oh what the hell what is this like a
weird porn that I'm witnessing right now
like yes bend over and I squirts you in
your butthole
disappointment at me it's okay though
that's pretty chill and we got enough
light from out there or is that gonna be
terrible your eyes this is gonna be a
nightmare so we're gonna have to get
some tape for this so we got this set up
here all right so we're good yeah we're
gonna move the TV it's actually probably
safer as a three-man job
you want to help all right yeah and
that's doing whatever you need a small
drop it down who's walking backwards do
you want to switch jobs I can left
hey music go a little to the right and
then you want to eat it any always gotta
want to be an artist maybe you're the
artist huh and lucky it cleans really it
cleans out really easy oh it is such art
as you can see from the expression he's
saying and my baby
yes but am I so much more yes am i less
yes am i nothing am i everything oh my
god sorry what does it mean trait what
is what does that mean what are you
trying to tell daddy epic Friday to you
it is uh it's a special day no it's not
nothing special nothing's happy
nothing's good I'm just playing it's a
it's a great Friday you would normally
have been seeing a video that we did
where we we watched a bunch of horror
movies and I was going to ask you guys
to watch along with us but none of the
audio works on it but I'm gonna be
working from home because Lindsey has
some stuff to do and our iPhone as
successes are being delivered today
and you have to sign for them because
otherwise they won't leave it and also
our doorbells broken so I'm essentially
gonna be doing this but anyway let's
cook breakfast
okay that's that's actually that's a bit
dark that's a bit dark not the prettiest
I wouldn't bring him home to mom but I'm
I still like him enough to put in my
mouth yeah and does this sound like me
at first yeah dick jokes and then we do
a bonus round for little Troy Bay who's
gonna wake up before we do scrambled
just like his mom I like some know some
people like scrambled eggs I know
because you know I think it's school
that ruined it for me
you know that was like nasty school or
like any time there's like a buffet and
you're like oh these these supposed to
be scrambled eggs cuz it really feels
like you poured it out of a carton not
like a good Cartman trabe a breakfast
tray this come on sit down sit in your
chair I get this I gotta get this food
in thank you for sitting down with me
today mr. Trey what would you say your
greatest strengths are hey buddy come on
come inside just cuz that dog - no it
doesn't mean you have to be annoying
what is it
what what is it huh what is it do you
guys want some you want some ham I think
you want some ham bro I know that's why
you like you're nervous about a skit hey
hey ace ace don't tell your brother look
best daddy ever Oh best day oh oh oh oh
if I died you would eat my body there is
no doubt in my head ace you would 100%
be like who who is daddy who is no this
is food food alright sit lay down lay
down yeah and something I'm interested
in with the nation I have a question
what do you do for breakfast I know
there's some people out there and it's a
legitimate thing but it boggles my mind
where people don't eat breakfast they're
like Adam I just skip breakfast I do
lunch later on I can't function without
like coffee and breakfast but I always
do like eggs and Canadian bacon or bacon
or I'll do Eggs Benedict
or I've actually started doing juice in
the morning which is pretty light and
like kind of gets me more pumped up and
I've been switching more and more to
that but I haven't had eggs and week I
love now what do you do but the main
thing I love you face I hope you have a
good one and I'll see you next time
tray it's time to do the dishes bro I
told you it's your turn
it definitely wasn't daddy saying that
that there was no problem with him doing
the dishes in the morning it was
definitely I think it was you okay
