it's so fluffy hi guys it is thursday or
not thursday depending on when you're
watching this video a lot of the office
is out because they're going to
twitchcon they're going to a fantastic
fest in texas i have opted to stay home
with lindsay and trey this weekend so i
just get to normal weekends with my
family in a row before I go to New York
and do all the other stuff that's coming
up so that said I've been playing a lot
of video games I know a bunch of you
guys been digging the honey pop stuff
things here and there so I've just been
recording stuff what you're going to see
today is my access into a beta the
latest adventures of honey puffs and the
game that makes me probably the angriest
and happiest out there and said well
you're watching go in the comments I'd
love to know what kind of games you guys
actually play a lot of you have said
that you start playing rocket League he
started testing how it honey pot because
he saw stuff in the videos i love know
what like what are your favorite games
to play on a regular basis anyway here
we go I so he got into the technical
beta of Rainbow six siege apparently i
gotta got into this game for the past
few days but I just didn't check my damn
email cuz I'm a damn idiot today come on
gig Franco you killed by crawling body
why man in what way does he mean that I
don't know maybe he's like one of our
dads were the rebel son that turned
against him and his government also
absolutely Wow where did that come about
me I feel like you could write a novel I
feel like you probably say that about
every game written about written up
yours like this I'm going against the
father maybe you're right fan fiction
specific mom I do actually right
okay all of us die my natural a stop
dating other guys kind of bat me man the
bomb defuser has been successfully
deployed one or maybe you ought you kill
be with the zapper right outside always
that window that window again the
stunning mo eliminated dang
finder container 14 operator remaining
oh won't be five bro you got this go
down there yellow each other you got
this Oh your help Elmo cannondale hola
good evening what up though how you
doing oh we got a new message from Nikki
whoa I told you it's the quiet ones
carnival the Carnival is where we go to
get laid also why is she not jamas for
this whatever I think we both know
what's up I'm so not into her right now
I don't like I'm not that good or
whatever so like yeah this is the
opposite of what
go get it there we go I think I've I've
scored she's scarred me I heard her
described as a mini boss so we're gonna
see if we can slay the Beast yes fuck
man i'm super horny well I guess you'll
have to do there's a lot of people not
pump to have sex with me having sex with
me this is like this is this is a Philip
DeFranco simulator do you think that
when she does it that pixie dust just
goes like was the most excited face I've
ever seen in that position that's what's
inside of football
it's like that scene in men in black
there's a universe inside of a universe
inside of a thing on a cat let's see
what fake people in a video game we get
for real-life money I guess we're gonna
get a bunch of fifa coins and buy some
packs you note for the content not
because I care about it it's so much
money which is why this pack opening is
brought to you by DeFranco freecom as
well as DeFranco millions com I hate
myself and not really feeling Oh give it
to me baby all I did that was different
from my poles as I brought in this dude
cuz I needed just a tiny bit of speed
and down by one already oh that's bad
let's see how process
Wow
wait what uh welcome welcome back to
fifa welcome back to FIFA love of the
music's perfect for little
Oh me starving
Wow
