very angry yeah I was just like what's
happening the thing is I haven't even
seen anything except except Stephen and
his shorts that's that's what that face
is about my spider bite you know what is
yeah what do you guys do ooh so ooh yes
yes responsible wait get that good life
there's some video what's the video
fuckin game with Mel your song all right
some metal game oh there's a thing he
doesn't he doesn't work all right
I just walked in obviously and I think
of some shit cool I was at Home Depot
that came over the truck it was great so
basically there's an effect where they
kind of hover and she flies up into the
heavens and we shot a cool plant we're
subject kind of does that so we're just
going to emulate that and we're going to
put in Raina flying up into the sky we
did this I didn't test it I heard about
oh my god you guys seem sketchy Skitch
these things Bend so far back and every
time Raina almost dies science yeah if
you survive like another month here it's
gonna be a miracle this shoot the shoot
actually only requires like four people
but everyone's here just to see if she
gets hurt she said that she felt like
she was gonna have diarrhea earlier
because she's sick so if we can get
Raina on camera getting diarrhea while
she's being lifted up III need to make a
human ability I told everybody 105
pounds the reality is I we're sorry you
are you violated all the sides that's
wrong ready one two three one
I'm happy we had a wing people Reina
what's what's it like to know that your
body can bend steel oh we don't have to
be quiet for the shock yeah I know how
you did a Reina but you came over the
right side this is perfect enough of
that we had to take a business phone
call which I am like 10 minutes late for
I viewed the word rad ya know if there's
that much money in it you can use the
word rad
so do you need a seat do it shoot me
dude that's I hope it's my diet is very
orgasmic hey James can be honest with me
right now and I wear this hat do I look
like I'm bald and or have cancer no
that's what the comments said yesterday
it looks like you're gonna go buy drugs
from some I'm gonna be honest with you
the longer that that graffiti is there
the the more I'm kind of cool with it it
makes me seem feel like we're in like an
edgy cool part of town and not like
Woodland Hills you went here with money
you want to know some I literally
stopped recording because I was like eh
well do you guys ever take over
hell yeah you know you can request your
rating now Oh what your your score is
yeah I've been told I can trade it -
yeah yeah for my fellow people that
always wonder what people think about
them
uber just updated their app used to have
to like send it an email and put in a
formal request you can now go click like
settings help and then you can request
to see what your uber rating is when you
take an uber you don't only just rate
them they rate you but that is usually
secret I did it turned out at a four
point eight which also means I take a
lot of uber --zz that means I either got
one but like wow my brain turned off
form at one one star view or five people
rated me four stars most likely I think
that I've taken that many and that hurts
my soul I'm sorry mister uber driver I
have my headphones in the reason that
you don't hear music from it I'm lying I
just don't want to have a conversation
with you at six o'clock in the morning
it's on you you're probably a fantastic
person but I just I don't need to talk
to people before 8:30 to 9:00 a.m.
I'm functioning but not with people come
on day 15 yo can you okay good job I
love you kiss kiss kiss that's Spanish
for kisses during is ID you should
proudly just feel like the sake of
things you should learn Spanish like I
really wish I had learned and they
should have been closing out this
Wednesday vlogedy like I normally do
with just myself saying thank you for of
course being a part of my day to day I
am very appreciative that thank you for
the like love thank you for everything
that you do I want to know what you guys
would say so I went to my snapshot to
ask you guys if you had 2 to 10 seconds
to say something to the nation say
something to the world what would those
things be so I'm gonna let you take me
out I love you faces and I'll see you
tomorrow
it would be to treat every moment like
you're lost and execute positivity with
everything that you do and everything
that you say remember that everyone has
everything and you wouldn't be who you
are without every single person that you
interact with every single day never
settle never settle stay positive and
don't let the negativity bring you down
take time to actually enjoy life the
future belongs to those who believe in
the beauty of their dreams it's not your
parent's dream of your friends dream is
your dream so do what you want to do
life goes on so make the best of it
calculated risks don't be an idiot
and make good use of the air that you
breathe be kind to each other random
acts of kindness is a thing yes
if shit happens in your life just let it
happen
it's going to pass and some better will
come along have a beautiful day
confuse baby hello
