so thanks to you guys I didn't realize
this was just a bit was happening I
didn't even notice it until you guys
mentioned in the comments yesterday so
thank you you have saved my paint job at
least from the front end of my vehicle
also for those debating what the vehicle
is it is a 2011 Dodge Challenger VA blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah
see I told you guys to ask me some
questions so we could do Q&A today but
it happened to be about YouTube so here
we go a few years ago you said you might
stop YouTube at the end of the year what
change that made you decide to stay the
big thing here is that I was just as a
youtuber you go through actually
actually a person you go through change
changes and about yourself but you also
get burnt out doing what you do and at
that time most of the time it's usually
I'm burnt out on the comments for a long
time I was burnt out on youtubers
themselves because it very much became
about the social currency of acting like
friends with people so you get in videos
and then it's just like this stupid
weird exchange and I really just I hated
a lot of the stuff about it but
ultimately at the end of the day it's
still my favorite thing a lot of the
time I feel like people in life their
favorite thing is also the thing that
can that can hurt them the most and that
that was for the most part that was my
relationship with YouTube it's still
similar but the negative aspects come
down on me a lot softer these days
Debbie asks are you still going to be
using twitch to do live gaming or are
you going to transition completely to
youtube gaming I've tested YouTube
gaming it's nice twitch has better
community features thus far I'm not I'm
not you know saying that YouTube gaming
is not gonna be able to catch up but as
far as a streaming service is concerned
I still feel like twitch has the
advantage as far as the community is
concerned and for the most part the
community controls everything if it's a
far more enjoyable experience for the
community if they make things easier for
the the creators for their community and
that is the place that is going to
thrive that said I don't really stream
as much these days I have been stepping
away more and more from live
and just kind of doing stuff and then
editing it and that's that's been more
fun because I come from a place of I
enjoy the Edit more not for the Philip
DeFranco show because there's so much
damn footage but in general I I think
that I'm stepping away more and more
from live if I do live it's just because
it's it's something that came up in the
moment
Haley ass other than YouTube what's your
favorite social media easy Facebook I
know that a lot of people go French
brokers problem Facebook is is just as
strong as ever especially for me it's
it's kind of given my my show and my
video is a new life depending on which
videos blow up on Facebook I can never
really predict that I get 13 to 25
million new views a month and even
though Facebook has the auto play thing
that still equates to 10 million plus
people going throughout the entire video
and because the way that I built my
business from day one has never been
about the pre-roll and it's always been
about integration or being able to get
the people that love what I do to to
purchase products from our clothing
company or things like that it's just a
good time for us
I like camera says what are you thoughts
on new media versus mainstream media
it's all becoming the same thing for
better and worse better in the sense
that it doesn't really matter that the
old-school gatekeepers of who gets to
decide who gets to be famous or who gets
a message they're going away more and
more worse when I hear people going out
for auditions and they're asking how
many people follow you on Twitter and
Facebook and YouTube and those people
are sometimes getting the jobs because
they have a social presence and not
because they're the better actor or
better message deliver message deliver
can you tell that it's really early in
the morning Alexander asked what are
your opinions on Facebook becoming
irrelevant and social media always
changing that's the way of life
everything is always changing
something's dying if you said back in
the day my species gonna bring a jerky
but like what are you talking about I
love my top 5 I'm never gonna not care
about my top 5 Oh a new thing
everything's changing everything gets
replaced everything gets recycled the
fans become the next generation of
content creators and they inspire the
next generation and then they go to a
new place because all the things in
place now have have benefits
and they have things that take away and
people are always looking to tweak that
and that's a good thing that's gonna be
it for the Q&A today be sure to follow
me on on Twitter Facebook snapchat all
the good stuff so that maybe you're
gonna be a part of the next one Sophie
really because you guys enjoyed it not
because I enjoyed it for any reason cuz
I hate playing video games with an
erection anyway it let's we're gonna
play some more on pops
get off my nuts I already had it I want
to move on to actually you know what if
I could make some money we gotta hit up
her daughter right I'm gonna go find
your daughter is asleep oh my god
whatever let's go hang out with Audrey
come on
you're essentially a clown with that
outfit no we got a new Oh a new picture
whoa
there we go oh I banged your mom
yesterday I hope that's not a deal
breaker
you were being a girl so hard she echoed
just banging my way through this family
I gotta see if her grandma is alive I
think tonight's gonna be the night that
I tell Audrey Wow that was the fastest
that's ever happened I swear to God Oh
actually with all the dirty stuff she
probably does it makes sense that she
smokes
who took the picture who took it did you
put it on a timer I'm terrible okay I'm
gonna destroy you your favorite part of
the female body is she gonna call me
she's gonna call me on my shit Oh new
message Oh teacher I literally couldn't
think of anything to say because I was
like blah blah this is how the male
brain works if anyone was ever confused
okay I have to warn you I have no idea
what I'm doing
so yeah that's exactly what I say before
I have sex let's do this what a player
thanks your money back
you're way too excited about this at
this point I've just become more and
more addicted you've been a bad boy it's
not even a sexy anywhere it's just fun
and that's we're gonna have to end the
weird-ass huniepop stuff because I can't
justify to my wife that I'm playing a
weird sex game rather than coming home
and helping out anyway here we go
