blog stuff again okay which has been fun
also a three for a meal
still got my face but the hair looks
okay oh shit
I want to know what it said but for a
graffiti artist terrible penmanship now
the big thing is I can feel pretty safe
filming in the bathroom because it is
currently six o'clock in the morning a
lot of the time either because I can't
sleep or just because I have a lot of
stuff to do I will work 12-hour days
which is part of just the way that I
work I I'm a big believer and I never
asked my employees and everywhere asked
my co-workers to do something that I
myself am not willing to do or have not
been willing to do that's a big deal I
think it's a very very big deal happy
Monday to you love the bastards few
things I want to hit up in today's video
over the weekend a lot of people asked
why I wasn't really in the sub or DOM
videos I think that was actually just an
oversight and then I just didn't have
enough time before we put the video out
so to answer your question of if I'm a
sub or dumb it's really a mixed bag you
know every now and then I like someone's
hand on my throat every now and then I
like Maya my hand on someone else's
throat for example I was looking through
my phone and I found some videos where
Lindsey was uh just say being a
supportive wife and then I found videos
where I took all my Vegas winnings and I
put it in her phone and then I slapped
her anyway her but I mean and that sends
otherwise it goes a completely different
route which actually brings me to my
next thing I don't really want to back
up all my photos and I'm getting the
iPhone 6s delivered on Friday so I'm
gonna just start dropping some random
videos that I found that I some I posted
some I never posted here's today's
yeah she knows I know look at him you
see that guys I loved that I was able to
fucking for so long because what
happened what happened was I was like
just put on fucking seventeen I don't
know yeah I don't know
and then seventeen hit hit and then that
made me two grand and all 2500 oh that
hurts my stomach itself I probably I'm
up five grands yeah that's the main
reason I actually look forward to sharp
leave now like oh thanks for the cool
cupcakes discovering yo y'all want sugar
and stuffs I'm like I'm actually dreaded
with oh my god we did not take this away
from you thank you thank you oh yeah I
totally made these free library right
there and I saw there's an all mobile
I'm getting it for tray
also a lot of people ask why the daily
vlogs aren't really up on the weekend
and we do the fun with friends videos
one I kind of just like doing the fun
with friends videos over the weekend and
two a lot of that is just me hanging out
with my family my friends and either I
don't normally film that or that is up
on youtube.com slash the defranco fam
for the most part is like a variation of
the same thing I'm either gonna hang out
with friends we're gonna watch UFC or
we're gonna watch football or we started
a game night last night which was really
really fun that's for you baby I wish
that I could just like turn it and then
everyone else was doing the same thing
and I just try to spend time with sure I
usually outside of the house or maybe
take them to the park if only I knew
where my baby boy was hello has anyone
seen my baby boy there he is
what's she doing in here I didn't know
you were in here he's showing her all
day
it's pretty nice great acoustics Hey oh
no oh you don't wanna hang out oh that's
cool no I had to find plans and plans
anyway oh and catch up hey you ready to
go back yet or we'll go as a family on a
hike or take them to something or you
can just like mess around with other
little kids or just whatever to close
this video I want to mention a few
things one remember next week we're
gonna start our first ever male Monday
so send stuff here also gonna mix in
some q and A's this week so if you have
a question that you want to ask me the
office the anything about your life
anything about the world leave it in the
comments down below and finally I want
to thank a lot of you for your kind
words on my video last week where I was
just I was just kind of expressing the
thoughts that I had and a lot of people
think the inspirational videos are just
for you guys it's also a way like when
I'm making it and when I see it later to
remind myself like it's it's these these
bread crumbs that I leave on the
internet for me to find my way back home
to me if that makes sense at all but I
do want to thank you once again for
being a part of my day
daily weird journey I love your faces if
you do like these series the Serie what
the fuck am I talking about
if you do like these vlogs of course
give that daily like love like you
always do
or not I love you faces either way and
I'll see you tomorrow
you
