it's like hunting oh my god I know the
most dangerous game easy to please are
hard to get um I play hard to get
I really do it's the fun part am i easy
to please or in my heart I'm using I'm
using hard to get I'm hard to get easy
to place is no fun what you're just
gonna meet some guy and that's it cool
why did you even bother getting dressed
cuz there you're gonna undress easy to
please just show up
we're Tim I act like you want it I'm
hard to get I think I did hard to get
for a while you have to do hard to get
to appreciate easy to please hmm that's
I've always been easy to please I guess
I don't know I'm pretty easy a thing I
like I jump into stuff too quickly but
I'm picky I'm very picky but but about
nice guys like I'm not picky necessarily
all the time about like looks and stuff
but I I'm really picky about and they
can't seem desperate I'm hard to get but
in the sense of like I just don't find a
lot of people attractive but my problem
is once I when I do all of a sudden I'm
doing the pursuing and then my favorite
feminine hard to get is the stupidest
shit
Hartigan is so stupid like cuz if you
feel what you feel and you want to be
with somebody and you want to make
things happen just do it just be forward
and honest and communicate like
hard-to-get is like oh I'm gonna play a
little game and make it hard and then
it'll be even better once it happens
when you give people mixed signals and
you make people think maybe it's not
there's no deal being sealed and there's
nothing to do and there's no connection
and like usually when you're playing
games you lose people I like hard to get
I wish I started it I'm like oh yeah I
want you and if you go like hey what's
up look I can get you by I'm done see in
my experience playing hard-to-get is
where it's at then once you get it no
more games
but that's the things like I'm picky
after the fact I'm picky too late I'm
like ah good great come here Oh
ah Mike and I dated for a hot second in
high school but I'm not gonna lie once
we actually got together I was like
regatta do you have that where it's like
someone just kind of is a stick around
yeah kind of waiting for the the wall to
eventually come down in their mind
yeah and then the wall comes down and I
tell them about the guy that I'm doing
now instead
oh no oh it is like my ego I'm the
pickiest desperate person on earth like
I'm real desperate but I'm also like I
don't want it well cuz I keep it to
myself I don't tell you everything
we'll talk about it later all right I
like again I get it I know that's a oh
my god I know
the most dangerous game huh here's the
thing people like to feel like they've
earned something they don't just want
something that they can have my thing
with a girl that has guy friends is if
I'm going out with her those are like in
my head those are emergency dicks like
that's what that is
they just like what's happened now or
like like I know those guys are because
if you've ever accidentally or like in
the past done a facebook breakup okay oh
no oh course yeah yeah if I'm interested
someone just make it easy cuz if
everything goes over my like if you're
mess if you're all up in our inbox you
know but that's why people hitting on
you yeah no no I mean like my DMS okay
oh my gosh I get okay first off the
first one will be like hey beautiful
nope done oh wait it is why why would
you say that treat me like no I already
know what you want
we might be new friends but I'm not like
new to earth like God hey beautiful
okay I know you want to sleep with me
thank you you me personally I like to
play hard-to-get I like when somebody
else is hard to get I'm a
straightforward kind of
like if I like you I'm gonna tell you
apparently I'm shady as fuck look at the
don't be Shady don't be Shady no crochet
girl need an answer for me
Oh desperate perfect
