okay I'm done I'll lick my fingers
what's in my mouth we're back familiar
yes what memories is bring back so did
you go back and you watch that video and
you're like that wasn't horrible I was
inspired by the video Phil I wanted to
do the same thing but you know change it
up just a little bit how you changed
well last year you you put on the roof
you know blindfolded and then everybody
just kind of went at it but now
everybody else gonna be blindfolded a
little secret Phil is that I had this
little seat compartment of goodies let's
see what I have in here so yeah we got
we got some extra extra whipping cream
maybe some pickles and some cockroaches
all that good stuff they'll just give
the people what they want no why do you
think they want that I'm just trying to
like you know keep things I think keep
people on the edge you know a little bit
a little bit fearful all right so do
undo the honors and put on the roof when
I was in high school I would just eat
this oh really
that's horrible yeah there's sugar it's
good for you any plans for Christmas
this year yeah we're gonna Utah oh yeah
yeah we're gonna get little man on some
skis again Oh Carter so yes Carter
actually no we're just gonna put him on
a trashcan lid and push him down the
mountain
if you're in Utah you go to Deer Park or
Deer Valley I can't remember the place
where they don't allow snowboarders who
constantly cut in front of you and trip
your fucking skis I'll be probably
heading there here and I so maybe I'll
see you on the mountain what I'm really
trying to draw is middle finger but I
couldn't learn ok who's that for
you know this yeah that makes it that
makes it perfect hello ladies what do
you think we're doing today
we're gonna decorate one who did this
well I did like the base and then filled
to the honors and did the to the roof
wait we're both going fuller
yeah you're gonna hand me stuff yo hands
up oh we got it I see two oh I think I'm
good I think we've done enough damage to
the roof of it I also add a separate
decoration that's not right here is that
baby Apple yes you guys want some like
items are put in yeah it smells so weird
what is this joke I don't trust you oh I
just touched it with me hey no I'm okay
you know what I'm gonna take it anything
out of your hands how about that what is
this is another bone something that I
don't
this is messed up this oh oh what is
this not know what does know this does
not feel like the same jar you are lying
no it's audible nothing's poison
you're gonna have a little more uh more
icing no Joe because that's not I see
you okay
I'm done I'll lick my fingers what's in
my mouth a little icing for me please
put all right you know what we're doing
today
no shit yeah these on so now I'm gonna
get it's the icing cool here you go
already open
no glue
baby that's for sure a baby apple here
where my hands Nina where are you dance
at the front of the house how do you
know I got one out of the house because
I felt it with my hands oh my god water
beers you guys can take your blindfold
off
otherwise I think you want to do
anything with your eyes open they're
kind of over it hey boys that's
disgusting
yeah trying to bring back any memories
it was a great set
when I smell like shit with that
Thousand Island dressing
whatever you want you just gotta wear
the blindfold I can't watch yeah so take
a good look at it
all right here you can do the icing
there you go all right Bryan you wanna
do some icing too this is peanut butter
is this it yeah that's it you're doing a
great job how much I put on this bad boy
what do you want a fuck these cuts
noodles you guys did a great job
thank you I'll put more stuff on it well
how do you smell so bad yeah did I smell
it's just starburst no it's not skittles
there's another thing yeah what is it
are these those cockroach things
great job yes is this a marshmallow
yeah why are they rock solid everything
in the bowl seems normal with everything
on the house seems not enough yes or
actually you guys get the bonus around
the extra the fun round you get actually
to use the real items no blindfold this
and here's some extra icing oh wait
we're getting rid of baby Apple no this
is baby a piece of ice
oh this is this is his home maybe Apple
has a shitty life was Section eight you
do not make fun of him so I'm just
trying to huge baby apples life up okay
oh wow so are we gonna smash this plank
last year I don't know least a smashing
yeah we're gonna move down the third
floor dude it's a Mickey Mouse I have to
spread this I see you've got the better
icing scenario out of it okay oh my gosh
this icing is delicious this is looking
great guys red starburst some color on
it make like a little reindeer or
something Utah
comment down below would you touch this
because it's gross
no I thought these are marshmallows
these are definitely not good y'all hear
this I like that it has a trash pit back
here with cockroaches like this is their
trash there we go Merry Christmas can't
see this Happy Hanukkah this is
disgusting this looks like it came from
a porn set I know ass - she's a great
girl freaked me out Thank You Zach you
want to make a vine pull your no I
haven't at my death see yeah there we go
okay if I grab or touch any parts I'm
sorry like a blind man in an orgy and
then I can feel your way through it
feels me no why is this liquid this is
cold and wet this is gonna hear some
houston pros okay there's a jiggly bit
on my hand you summer there you go
creamed me oh okay cool you can open
your eyes window oh wow there's like too
much on my hands that are like I guess
these are conflicting textures let me
see your hands Oh some gingerbread I got
some puzan icing yes it was cold
add some to it real quick do I get to
choose and not be blindfolded okay it's
a skittle and that's it
we finished the gingerbread you want to
you want to reveal you want me to read
this it's my least favorite video for
the old office where your thoughts
what's your first you know what the
thing is already an upgrade oh are those
are those bad bananas oh they're bad
bananas no okay that's kind of smelly
well that's why I put the box over
here's the thing not as bad as last year
yeah they're like what dead dead
crickets yeah I think baby Apple ride it
a little bit what do you do it I don't
know though I think we're just gonna
last time we then kind of I feel like we
didn't care about the office so you guys
just destroyed it the parking you can
blow it up blow it up you do whatever
you want with this it has a have a
lighter yeah from the official thing
have an idea that's alright you got that
lighter right here alright stand back
ready yeah okay okay
all right let's probably just keep that
for a while all right
I wanna let you know while you were
doing this earlier I moved the candle
that I brought because this broom smell
so bad
I moved it to my nose this smells so I
know y'all can't smell this it smells so
bad
you touch this comment down below would
you touch this touch because it's gross
and for the lady out of there would you
touch Brian pick one I don't care
