Dom yeah
sober Dom oh shit what does this mean
Oh hmm depends on the day are you
submissive or dominant I'm more dominant
I'm an Aries I have to do anything
Dom I'm really more of an equal person
yeah I like it's a con it should be a
conversation I'm subbing the sheets down
on the street yeah tell me that I guess
I mean I've never been in the situation
or that wasn't I don't know both love it
up a little bit above everybody likes a
little bit of fun
Dom what yeah that's me right that's the
question right yeah what are you yeah I
have a dick it's like a different side
it's aside for only people I'm in like a
relationship with I love blushing I do
like some cuz I've done Dom and then I I
just get frustrated in place to come on
I'm doing all the work
yeah that's true I a picture that the
typical leg what do I say said I know
you not know that no like yeah I that's
my my thing I go in there dude I do
oh I do my work as Mike doesn't do the
thing ya sub oh yeah really yeah
same way I'm like I know what I want I
want to do this this way and I go home
and I'm like whatever you out oh yeah I
tell me what to do dominating and having
someone dominate you is nice and then
being submissive is very nice if they're
both nice
they're both nice yeah they both have
their time I'm not partial to one or the
other really you don't have to take one
you can be you whenever you want to be
you and I favorite ending yeah I agree
depending I am a very dominant person in
life and in my job I have to be um and
so when I'm not here I like to be
non-dominant handled well you I'm on you
everyday I'm like mom I wanted s to them
you know so far that's opposite for me
cuz I'm like you know what I'm gonna go
with the flow and go with the flow
whatever you know I can take this and
then like and yeah they're like you
wanna know yeah of course it's not like
I don't wanna do what I want but it's
like I can take control I think the word
for you're looking for a submissive sure
we'll go with that for here I'm all like
you know Reina business blazer on like
I'm super bitchy engines yeah on time
stab dick damn something
fuck you something fuck you something
fuck you something meanwhile at home I'm
like take me you know if I'm just gonna
sitting there and all of a sudden it's
just like I'm getting picked up for
training installs on a bad thing there's
it there's there's very various levels
as she likes being at very submissive I
would be a little scared if someone
picked me up in the hood girl picked me
up and threw me against the law I mean
obviously it's not like I know what
you're doing yeah baby was like a maybe
it was like a like a clumsy bump with
with intent
Wow wait a deer why to do the sex would
you like women to step on your balls
don't you straight-up crush up okay I
don't want to have children I want I
want to urinate blood the next morning
that's how hard you're crushing my boys
I want I want to feel a pop your inner
come over later I'd love to
