happy Friday it's a nation I'm still
waking up I just got into the office
last night of course was the streamys I
was nominated for show of the year we
had no chance that I was on viewer vote
and I didn't ask you guys to vote
because they were just there was such
massive people in there fouseytube won
that one and gave an amazing speech and
congratulations to him I also presented
last night with Kat Graham but I think
you might be over selling it a bit the
best vines transcend their running time
to become a moment that resonates and
keeps you laughing long after the loop
has ended but last vine I saw was a guy
simulating sex with his favorite
sandwich
exactly Oh so let's take a look at the
nominees for best Viner courtesy of the
nation's future commander-in-chief the
Internet's cutest motivational speaker
brightest president she was fantastic
lovely and a really really funny person
a king batch would win that finer of the
Year awards congratulations to him as
well a little bit of a freak out before
actually got to the streamys because the
the clothes are supposed to wear we're
not ready so then I threw this together
at the store and I was going to do this
thing and I think it turned out pretty
well let's be honest you're either
looking at brie or you know a lot of
people thought that this was a fake bird
on Steve's shoulder it's actually from a
taxidermist I think if people actually
do that there's a lot less people
touching also it was really crazy is I
saw the picture that was taken by
getting images and then I looked at last
year's streamys and then I looked at
just pictures of myself from five years
ago and it's just crazy how much we
change as people obviously there's the
way people dress and the weight shifts
and stuff like that but if you think
about it like though the world and
people are constantly changing so it's
it's we always have to kind of make this
best effort to be the better versions of
yesterday and just looking at this
picture and of being so thankful for for
you guys at the end up being so thankful
for my friends and my family and just I
know it's one also to the many people
that asked if that was a dip can in my
pocket no no I mean if you do it that's
fine I personally think dipping is
disgusting a lot of things a lot even
though I'm like very pro marijuana a lot
of people don't realize I have never
smoked a cigarette in my life terrified
of tobacco I've never had an interest in
it I have a very addictive personality I
can't I can't stop eating food let alone
something that
that is supposed to like hook me then a
lot of people asked how I convinced Bree
and Steve and then all the guys do
misconnection theater the other day it
wasn't me that part was actually rayna's
idea I just wanted to do a reading with
Rihanna and she was like we have to get
the simulated handjob down so so this is
this isn't even for the video this is
evidence yes this is this is uh this is
your proposition you want to do what
where is he PZ she's for a skit right
okay it was like it's like what are you
doing hashtag we're uh it's I just you
give me Union job oh I think it would be
funnier and then after I almost killed
Rayna the other day she convinced me to
play huniepop which will be the thing
that I show you now side note I've done
my best to protect the young viewers but
the next part might be not safe for work
so I've been talked into playing this
game by Rayna because it sounds very
much like it is bejeweled a game for old
ladies on Facebook but with sex
good now if you want to meet a hot chick
you gotta go where the hot chicks are
what'll it be let's uh let's be the
creepy dude at the gym all right let's
stare at some women just trying to
better themselves you have to try one of
the yoga classes they do here who me no
I'm so not cute oh my god could you
please be more racist
I'm so embarrassed right now I can make
it worth your while sweetie
are we sure she's a MILF and not just a
prostitute I want to hear more about how
attractive I am you still talk to any of
the girls he used to fuck so yeah oh oh
I remember this place
I once blew a gun uh whoa oh my god that
was I was not I didn't know okay yes yes
oh my god this is this is my greatest
challenge yet
yeah oh and even realized that was
happening whoa hmm Oh No I cannot
believe this has happened I must change
the buttons oh no it's not working
by your daughter there we go oh please
my eyes my eyes are blind
I like the echo hey guys that's gonna be
it for this vlog this is week three now
so thank you for being a part of this
new daily adventure of course this
weekend there's gonna be the fun with
friends videos Monday through Friday
there's these daily vlogs which will be
a lot easier there's so much to do this
week but that's it thanks for hitting
that like button thank you for all the
new subscribers I love your faces and
I'll see you next time
