oh cool uber is here this has been a
very weird year for me for all the good
things in my life I have so many things
that are bad I've been rejected and told
no this year more than I have in a very
very very long time and it's it's
definitely fed that little bit of
self-doubt that we all have inside of us
and made me wonder do I actually know
where I'm going do I know 100% Who I am
and the biggest thing that I can take
away from it and that I can try and
share is that sometimes when we get the
answers in life that we don't want
that's not the worst thing in the world
as long as we don't let them consume us
maybe we need to be asking different
questions maybe we need to be striving
for different things maybe we just need
to work harder and maybe we should
embrace the nose in life because they
are the things that make the yeses feel
so good especially when it's something
you really want you only need one yes
