especially because I have a boyfriend
but I slid my hand down your pants
shop it is another day the first thing
we're gonna do is a snapchat just
updated their features so I got I got a
mess with this so I apologize in advance
but here is vertical video beauty really
that was a fake sound oh my god it's
greasy for real so snapchats newest
update just came out I wanted to see
what the new features were it was this
um something called lenses and I thought
maybe that's like filters like Instagram
but it's really it's way cooler I like
it
so all you do is you you touch your face
boom it recognizes my face I love you
authorize fouseytube subscriber steel I
just wanna know if you'll be my friend
well let me tell you a story about the
Civil War your grandfather was a war
hero fighting against those Yankees oh
that's grandpas races I just want you to
know I love ya
this one's pretty much for when I saw my
first woman naked oh yeah you gotta show
it one no you're not no it's not okay
it's not that I'm just not wearing the
appropriate panties today I don't know I
don't know how to respond to that that
looks awesome
that looks awesome mr. J you don't like
it though no I like it okay um I just
don't like me Rea look so cute thank you
well you look all right so I I found
this amazing terrible miss connection
from a Buffalo Bills game I want to do
something called misconnection theater
and so joining me we have the fantastic
reina scully
we're gonna we're gonna take we're gonna
take turns with each line i sat down
next to you today at the game I was with
my boyfriend when he went to get food
and drinks you put your hand on my leg
at first I was weirded out but that
quickly passed instead of moving your
hand I let you touch my leave my leg I I
don't know why I never did anything like
this before especially because I have a
boyfriend but I slid my hand down your
pants I was too nervous to make eye
contact with you though so I don't
really know what you look like you
didn't move my hand or freak out
so I grabbed your dick and gave you a
hand up until you creamed in your pants
as soon as I felt your cream explode all
over my hand my boyfriend came back and
sat down I was so nervous
cuz I had to act like nothing happened I
didn't see her face as I was looking
down the whole time
besides you had that face paint on your
face that was kind of cute I kind of
like to give you another handjob I got
to make sure it's really you
so if you see this tell me what color
paint you wore and if you want any
underwears
prove it as you what then did you hold
it at your boyfriend's hand that's that
like I can see the media thing she goes
and I feel like the safe thing to do
would be to go hand first into some
nachos get really get really messy no
one will know what's what you won't see
anything it is so weird that's so weird
oh my god
that was way those way better here's the
stupid thing if the 49ers lost and
there's a Buffalo Bills game that means
that there's only two sets of colors
yeah that there could have been right
and only two answers about whether or
not who's wearing underwear right so
it's a one in four chance that if you if
you were to just write to her that she
would think you were the guy strike yes
she's gonna get catfished a bunch well
let's do it let's catfish she was gonna
get catfished
why don't we catfish sure we could do
that come on guys
oh guy she wants to give another hand
job she did specifically say I'd like to
give you another hand job
the stranger gave me a handjob at a
baseball game I'd be like this is the
greatest L was that that was one thing
going in my eyeball that's no bueno
Soho for you
that's a weak-ass swing and Reina oh I
scared you think you're gonna hit me
here I'll hide behind the camera oh the
very expensive camera okay
yeah like angry yeah yeah and I hate her
just bizarre I mean shit to you hey
Arnie bear so what I want you to do yeah
I don't know if anyone's ever said this
I feel like you need to get a great
aggression out so I want you to hit that
for real with the basement yes really
yes really
yeah I would recommend outside here okay
yeah yeah yeah yeah
oh my god I didn't know it was gonna
break hard that was awesome oh what'd I
say the phrase I should just scream
septic that's what you did a real life
person as you destroyed I blacked out
how did that feel
drive again so good oh yeah do it again
a penguin quick look I'm welcome to the
blog that makes no sense but is
entertaining I like that you destroyed
your like what so I gotta get a selfie
Oh debrief yourself even uh well I'm
gonna show this to you before I show it
to her
I almost accidentally killed the love of
your life I heard some screaming in
there she hits it one more time oh that
piece of glass or whatever love oh my
god if this had gone a little bit more
that way right there there be there
still be hot though let's go the other
way did you have an initial reaction I
don't well first off why suppiy what am
I going to your game it's going where's
the knife hey there's the knife do you
see this piece oh my god basically a
knife it's going straight for my eye yes
I never trust me ever again
okay but edges that's my advice
Oh
