so a few things today that are
interesting one we're gonna be going to
the the Streamy awards reception they're
gonna be announcing best news show
hopefully we win if we lose to SourceFed
that's fine if we lose to BuzzFeed news
I'm gonna kill myself just saying that
the beginning of the blog so if there is
no vlog today I killed myself
there is one maybe someone turned it
around your everyone I don't know that
number two I just got a package in the
mail and I realize we haven't had a
mailbox sitting inside Activision so I'm
hoping it's what I think it is I'm about
to find out if I can actually show you
what I got all right for my 40 seconds
of looking it over I can also I got I
gotta give props really fast to
Activision especially with all the the
garbage press that has been happening
because of the way machinima handled
deals in the past clearly put I'm like
wait can it focus they say that clearly
disclosed in your reviews and posts that
Activision has provided you with the
items of value and your views and posts
must be truthful and accurate all of
this also this also this also this also
this I shouldn't be this happy because
they're essentially just feeding my
addiction hey guys we're gonna open it
there we go burn burn
somewhere in the rubble of our former
glory lies the key to our survival or
perhaps it lies within no matter it is
yours by right claimant also I don't
know why Phil is sweating his eyes also
I realize I haven't given you guys my
mailbox in forever and maybe what maybe
we'll do start doing like mail mondays
like my buddy Jessica Nigri does except
in no way or my breasts as large as hers
I can work on that maybe I don't know
but if you do want to send me something
whether it's a letter or something you
want me to show or four people here or
me there
that's where hopefully the address is
and I didn't forget to do this and edit
oh and the third and final thing is that
over the weekend I I bash the shit out
of my knee it looks like well it looked
like this because this little bastard
otherwise known as ace decided that it'd
be really awesome to run into the street
since I let him into the one area that
he's always wanted to go into for the
first time ever and then and then the
door got open and then he made a break
for it but I picked that little bastard
up like he was a goal-line fumble my
name was Gronkowski except unlike being
drunk and being built like a god I I
scraped my knee because I'm a little
bitch baby put my dog's alive so that's
a plus right
but put you guys to work
this tree becomes no dude James it's
your fault that we lost okay I'm just
throwing it out there
I'm just saying James if that if the cut
on yesterday's show had been fucking
tired are you sure
so we're home it's the late hour of do
it all right what do you want me to do
Oh what do you want me to do that
hey tonight was great even old off of me
how are you my wife no no tonight was
awesome
even though Phil lost but you don't want
it to a good contender there was two
ways you're gonna say that said that you
could have said the young turks won or
he could have said Phil lost and he was
a failure and he isn't worth anything
it's okay because I can build him back
up and he will put all of his work on me
I'll be somewhere as a sociopath anyways
um so yes thank you oh this has been a
long time for you to get some reference
you you let me have a relationship with
you you let me put a big light you all
right yeah that puts me on a higher
level
you look so bad in this camera why you
mean so you look how much better than us
like how fucking gorgeous I look you do
look really good thank you
oh okay ready 1 2 thick wait do you want
to do a before-and-after what does that
mean they're gonna slow this why don't
know why my face got worth no cares
before this video ends I wanted to kind
of elaborate on a point Lindsey made
right before we got super super weird
which that's it's also kind of the
reason we work we like to make fun of
each other and then just do stupid stuff
to make each other laugh but to the
point if there was anyone that was gonna
beat me I'm glad that it was the Young
Turks cuz they were actually a news
organization I know some people like
they're so crazy liberal that's what I
saw on Twitter and stuff the main thing
is that they they actually cover the
news I'm a little more moderate myself
but I love the fact that I could go up
to someone that was up against me last
night and we could you know chitchat
about whatever but then I could ask them
something like so what are your stances
I know you're far more liberal what are
your stances on gun control and that
there was an actual conversation
happening and that was the big thing for
me like when I started my show it was
because I hated the news because for the
most part mainstream news on TV was
meant to keep you in fear which is a
fantastic way to maintain ratings but a
terrible way to go through life like yes
let's let's talk about the things that
make us angry but then what can we do
like my show which you know we talk
about the celebrity stuff but we also
talk about the real stuff the
life-changing stuff and how all of that
relates to us and I think that news in
general is meant to inform but also be a
conversation which they are definitely
doing as well and also just a way that
it actually does connect people with
different ideas so that we can we can
kind of form a new thought together
sometimes it happens every now and then
I don't wanna come off as as BuzzFeed
hater they're actually a bunch of really
really talented people over there but
the moment that BuzzFeed video wins in
the news culture category it's just it's
over
for the news organizations because
listicles have one small Chinese kid
eating American food as one a girl doing
a thing that only normally a guy does a
guy doing a thing that only normal it's
done that's the end of this vlog nation
I hope you have a fantastic day I love
you face thanks for giving that like
love subscribe and be a part of my daily
routine and I'll see you tomorrow I
don't know why I said that his question
I'll see you tomorrow
