so you might remember on the PDS I
talked about Starbucks as big
announcement that they were going to
start putting actual pumpkin and their
pumpkin spice latte and how kind of
crazy it is that it's an announcement
that you're putting in something that
has that name already but I was very
interested because you know it just did
come back the pumpkin spice latte is it
any good I had it this morning I
actually loved it I hated the last one
though because the last like weird pump
whatever the hell it was tasted like
pumpkin pie if also it was set on fire
and burned your mouth I was very
interested to see if this was any good
and I loved it I'm just one person so I
wanted to see what everyone else thought
around the office have you Oliver had
the pumpkin spice latte I have not had
the new pumpkin spice latte of course
Cooper's just that and what do you think
wait is she white yes man she might be
have you had the new one no no I don't
wear yoga pants are up with so
pretty damn good oh yeah s-something
oh that's nice that's a yum-yum for sure
that's so good oh yeah not in fact not
impressed it almost reminds me of some
hot dog that I don't know why and we're
out we're moving on yeah what is it
what do you think it would taste like
like white people this is just like a
white person would you guys put it like
poop or somebody was it like epic hack
in here we had a puke right away or
something I don't really taste pumpkin
in this no what does it taste like not
pumpkin it just tastes like coffee
interesting
what does coffee taste like like dirt oh
is this really the new pumpkin spice
latte
joke's on you that's my dick juice the
third time you made me drink a dick
juice I think this is good that I would
prefer it without the discussing whipped
cream also self fucking calling in a PSL
it's a pumpkin spice latte yeah basic
bitches gonna smell it
that's usually what I do she's gone else
guys like it doesn't taste that much
different it tastes like it tastes like
there's less going on than the other
ones but it tastes fine to me again I
never heard of it's good
don't hate this sweet how come sometimes
asleep
oh yeah that's sugar Joker more it's
really good because not bad not good but
also pumpkin isn't a spice is on spice I
hate the name more than I hate the taste
of it it's likely not bad when's it
taste like fine yeah really like pumpkin
at all sweet one good nice and sweet
nice sweet sweet here
fucking I'll do it pick up shop ready oh
he's so crazy
Oh bucket not just the pumpkin a little
bit yeah that's good
dinner try every it's good don't use a
coffee oh and all I can concentrate is
your nipples through that white shirt
sorry that's our dream
I like that out of mine oh let's just
hand her the key the entire time like to
have it
okay give you a main takeaway is that
more people seem to like it then
disliked it although progressing Lee no
one really like to admit it because I
guess it's a drink that's really
associated with young annoying white
girls talk like that and there's like
why the PFL is different but in general
it's a great dessert treat will I ever
ordered again ah maybe but it'll
probably be under the same circumstances
I was that I would order 20 Doritos
Locos Tacos actually I take that back
and be wave drunker with the Doritos
Locos Tacos
clock so I got a bunch of people around
the office to taste it she'll ruin it
no you didn't ruin it but I think that
it's good thank you
oh my god now fucking dare you come into
the office where you work
