I've been rejected so thoroughly in this
country that my agent actually calls me
the roach and he called me at by
accident I overheard him and I was like
wait a minute did you just call me a
roach and he's like yeah cuz you're like
a cockroach
you keep getting rejected over and over
again you're like being spoiled you're
out there being squashed like a bug yeah
that was a guy in New Jersey who said he
was an agent and I was like cool sign me
so I'm here with the fantastic Michelle
Gomez aka MSE aka the master okay
honestly my favorite thing about last
season like truly I love the the reveal
at the end if it's a spoiler at this
point for anyone how dare you how dare
you not get to that point already hi how
are you I'm good I'm excellent actually
I'm very happy to be here on this couch
slash sofa slash City this is this is an
interesting set this was not your choice
at all it was my choice what does it all
stand for the green lush unit and we
like to have always in all of my
interviews of which I've done one okay
this is my first question I will say cuz
the trailer just dropped I think with
twenty hours ago I was super pumped to
see you in it you were next to Coleman I
was like I was like I'm like I'm trying
to think of how to say it in a way
especially with all these these very
professional people looking around no no
I said why you guys hanging out though
in the trailer
oh are you trying to get some
information out of me yeah that's not
gonna have no what if I just I just like
I guess things and we just get away with
zoom on are things you can get away but
this is this is a poker face right here
no oh no this is the master oh no for
some reason have to like team up for the
greater good Oh filthy words and no good
no great she doesn't get that whole good
notion good is kind of dull goods is
kind of beige good it's like watching
paint dry no good isn't and misses
vocabulary well so how do you see like
your portrayal of the master as
something different well I'm a woman for
most but the big reveal at the end of
series 9 this year is that I'm actually
a man perfect perfect that's exactly
this is a great twist wouldn't that be a
great twist if it turned out you were
I'm outside of the master do you have a
favorite villain and the franchise Wow I
mean just those that support me those
that support my wickedness and evil in
this obviously the Cybermen are a great
great big metal hunks of gorgeousness
and we like them they're kind of like
messy stormtroopers yeah because I mean
the master in general seems like control
and manipulation rather than well not
Capaldi is really control she's just
gently persuades and teases and and
tells you what's what's right or wrong
okay I'm in Missy's world wrong is right
thinking of it that way do you see her
as so not not fully manipulating more of
a a siren taking people to the rocks no
she's not I don't think she's
manipulative I think she's um I think
she she has her sense of you know what
her purpose is and it's a it's a sort of
perverse justice in a way and to destroy
the universe which you know we as humans
are doing a pretty good job of so Missy
loves that but you know she's got she's
got things to do she's got things to
annihilate and you know that doctor guy
she keeps getting in the way and uh you
know he says he's like stand in my shoes
just to slay a disturbance
yeah you know it's like that little
mouse that you just as cat just was like
you know play with it for a while but
then I'll just close your eyes art
that's terrifying it is and it's
probably more terrifying for him because
those eyebrows can only protect him so
far they're like the gateways to
goodness and I they just need to be
waxed right off who who would win in a
fist fight it you or Capaldi why
well hands down I'm just stronger better
I know no actually I can't I can't say
that I'm joking because if anybody ever
does meet Peter Capaldi he's one of the
nicest and most amazing man I've ever
worked with so if the master could have
a companion companion which is there
someone that's been a companion before
that you would you would choose would be
a good puppet oh the master should have
a companion no no she'sshe's in a gang
of one I don't think there's anybody
really that she could to bear to team up
with longer than in 24 hours she has a
very short attention span like myself so
I know I I didn't actually know this
until I came in you have a youtube show
I do yeah it's just launched its called
Heather's American medicine and she's
basically this lady that goes to America
and she's kind of another deluded
character with Grand Designs on you know
changing the world and she's kind of
like we what we call an agony hunt so
it's somebody that you take your
problems to and she listens to you and
gives you solutions but like most of the
characters I play she doesn't really
give it about how you feel about things
so her advice isn't really that solid or
great or loving or compassionate so yeah
I guess it's just thank you for sitting
down with me hopefully this has been
painless
has it be very durable I'm delighted to
have been able to talk to you well thank
you for so much my pleasure okay well
I'm gonna wait here now and you guys are
just gonna have to deal with it and film
it the next time
