I just I don't know what the heck you're
saying to me oh I worked out too hard in
like the dumbest way and now I can't
extend my arm oh you're like shaking try
no it's just something
oh so you just worked out too hard it's
not like you hurt like no no I didn't
like break anything necessarily but
apparently this happens to like CrossFit
trainers because they're forced to do
stuff that they're not used to and
they're like you can do it go past your
limit and I did I played with
kettlebells today each I was serious
business also ripped apart my hand yeah
that's gross are you gonna get Globes I
already got them as long as when I was
uh when I was in high school I thought
it was so cool to have those cloves on
top even when I wasn't working high
school fingerless like wow he's like a
background game no it was another life
Jordan you don't understand
ready it was an Ash Ketchum Oh way
cooler James James saved me for the
first well in non-video for I realized I
feel like everyone went through a thing
I went through my dyed hair in earrings
phase there was fingerless gloves and
then you know when you call baby with a
lightly orange in their hair like try to
like right here yeah I think in my hand
I don't remember i remember frosted tips
all weights on back j-10 rocked it i'm
dainty rocked it with the visors and it
would stick out the time okay so I
forgot a phase upside down backwards by
sir Oh
anyway we're back damn it I was like
brother and are there is a picture of me
on the internet with being an upset
upset out slyzer it's a white upside
down backwards visor were quick enough I
had I'm going to it let's say there's a
picture that it looks like young you and
young Keith it's super weird it looks
like you guys grew up together yeah I
always we're like Rick and Morty there
always has to be a pair
wait what what are you making a oh my
god is that Yolo with your hands I was
like you shouldn't be thrown out okay
that's not a focus I think we're playing
just dance to on a wheel there's more
Millan excuses going oh my god it's on
your pinky yep that's my class ring you
wouldn't fit on any other finger cuz
they're checking sizing oh sweet God hey
we all went through some stuff okay
hey James is just taking the hit for
everyone today Amanda I feel like you
went through probably like a goth phase
oh yeah I am good fuck you
I showed my picture yesterday and I like
F dark lipstick on here I'll show ya I
sure this picture you look like you look
like a vampire and I was like that's the
most accurate representation of my soul
when you're fantastic once you get all
the puzzles right want you to know dude
I'm just gonna I'm a change of login to
just following right up
it is Reena do it we're making the views
and now it is time for a meeting and
this was actually a really cool meeting
because we are we covered how we're now
a month ahead for the weekend content on
this vlog lis which is of course
slightly different than the daily vlogs
as well as I'm gonna have a bigger role
on the show Table Talk
which is on channel youtube.com slash
SourceFed nerd so just it was a really
fun creative good meeting I know I'm
gonna regret this but for some reason I
was told that stuffy is naked
I hate make sure that's not true or it
is true only only it's because I did
first right right like that is ah he's
like imma wait till he leaves the room
do you do you really not have pants on
yeah just look the thing is it's 90
degrees in this room straight no one's
gonna see it on straining why I'm tired
of getting zits in places I don't need
since ah you see me I was like I'm sorry
not hit it oh god don't worry I'm not oh
not worth we're high enough we don't see
it I mean it's not that it doesn't
matter I know my dicks pretty small
unless he goes on a unless he gets a
killer Banjara we're not gonna see that
thing held earlier I was sure he gets a
Kilimanjaro and you just slowly ceases
pants rising so a big thing this week is
the NFL is back week one regular season
but also more importantly to me is
fantasy football is back and I do this
in two ways one I have a year long thing
with nine other friends when you throw
in money and we do everything kind of
off the computer and then aside from
that draftkings so even before
draftkings was a sponsor I fell in love
with this website last year and really
fast if you like fantasy football and
you want to join in go to DeFranco
millions calm you'll probably have
around 24 hours left join in on this
I can't believe first place is getting
two million dollars or if you're just a
newbie when it comes to fantasy sports
you can go to the Franco 3 dot-com and
there is a free $100,000 in prizes so a
lot less as far as the prize pool but
that one's free to enter so you could do
that if that's like your first swing at
this thing no money in tech need it for
that one I think next week rather than
just playing the games with draftkings
setup I'm gonna make a 50 or a 100
person to franco nation only another a
few thousand be that signed up on the
links that we were talking about earlier
this week I think we're gonna do like a
10 or a 20 dollar entry and something I
think will be really cool is that every
person that beats me in week 2 or week 3
will get like a DeFranco nation only
shirt that sounds fun because then if
you win you win the money but if you at
least just beat me then you essentially
just bought a shirt ooh me like now it's
actually where the video is gonna end
but I wanted to add this here just for
two reasons one I want to thank you as
of this week we have completed two weeks
of
daily vlogs we're doing like I'm
sticking to it so thank you for everyone
that's that's been a part of it it it's
great to actually just share my stupid
stuff but also be able to talk to you
about non news things so thank you for
being a part of it thank you for like
love seeing your comments it's it's
really really fun and it's a great part
of my day now and to I realized that
because tomorrow is going to be a fun
with friends video that and I was going
to be posting this on 9/11 I wanted to
mention it real fast because I don't
know my just it just it I went down the
rabbit hole of going through and seeing
all the videos and there was a
unreleased video of 9/11 I forgot how
fucking horrible it was and and and like
the emotions that I felt when it
happened rushed through me again and I
don't know it's it's it's probably empty
at this point it's been 14 years to say
my thoughts and my wall which should
still go to all those affected but I
think we also forget how many people
were affected on both sides all sides
really wasn't just really two and that's
no no it's just this this chain of
events and then I end up also focusing
on how terrifying it is that people went
we're having a day where they were
worrying about stupid trivial things
like am I gonna have enough time to get
coffee or if I don't call Jerry or Tina
back they're gonna think that I blah
blah blah and then just 30 seconds later
it's a matter of if I'm going to die or
not and or I'm going to die and what's
the least painful way and it is oh no I
just I try to I try to pull something
from the situation that I mean like I
said it's been 14 years and it's less
emotional and you have to kind of look
at what you can take away and it ends up
being the living your fullest life for
as long as you can because at any point
it could be snuffed out and to not
really
whenever possible focus on the hate and
try to heal and focus on the love or use
that that that bad
bad shit or something positive I don't
know I don't know that's the most
positive note to go out on today but
it's just how I feel you know
