huh why not thanks for mom you guys
getting the subtitles when I was a young
boy my father would make fun of me and
also he hated when I would play computer
games whether I was playing like Oregon
Trail back in the day where I was a part
of a console and I was playing like
balloon fight or Gaunt letters from
Mario Bros or insert the millions of
games that I've played over the years
and he would say that I would have video
eyes and that when he would talk to me I
wasn't really paying attention I was
really just thinking about the game that
was in front of me and while that is
true and I denied it when I was younger
that is kind of the situation my dad
does now though the roles have changed
and it's weird and I'm gonna give you a
quick example
hey what up brother how you doing hey
man yeah I see that headset on are you
playing destiny yeah cuz they gave us
like partial of the new game
yeah and this until you rollin stuff but
they're not giving you any credit for
the new stuff none of it because I had
all my factions my Vanguard right there
to roll one bounty they would all kick
in you know so this comes out and it's
like ah man I gotta roll it all the way
around what time I love how readily
addicted you are yeah totally destiny I
like this today well although in second
I got a raise do you guys I I know
exactly but you know what it's okay I
was just calling to see a why you hadn't
emailed me that thing that you said
you're gonna email me all right love you
I'll call you okay main thing I love you
amazing thing that you said you were
gonna email me I'm not bashing on him I
it's just funny that like through time I
see where he is coming from and he's
seeing where I'm coming from life's
weird like that that said I'm gonna
spend some of that time that I have
right now which is 30 minutes I just
looked at my wit wrist and I don't have
my watch today
thirty minutes before I need to go into
a meeting so uh oh man so I decided that
I'm gonna play this on a ps4 because oh
I can't remember why I had this guy on
my friends list either a friend of a
friend he's terrible or he was actually
at a decent skill level no game is bad
yeah there we go okay the curve on there
we go oh are you kidding I can't do it
when my teammate is a fucking idiot
oh my god give it to me Perry is dead by
across the finish line if it's the last
thing I do
come on buddy
you wonder thing it's like being the
best person on a shitty middle school
team and I'm never playing with you ever
again you believe some people say I take
videogames way too seriously
yeah I heard people bought a bunch of
them and just start selling them up on
eBay yeah like everything good they
always have to ruin it like obviously
it's so cute everything that everyone's
freaking out over something like a
character they don't know yeah it
doesn't seem to just good design yeah
it's so reminiscent of a cool Star Wars
yeah this this vlog needs a feminine
point uh so just act like amazing Bree
all right well today I'm going to show
you I've taken up a recent interest in
Japanese folklore so today I'm going to
show you the shit of me which is an
apparition of a man with an eyeball
whereas anus should have been what so
the story goes a lone samurai
own samurai was walking down a road at
night when somebody called to him he
turned to see a mysterious man
undressing and pointing at his derriere
when a large glittering eye opened from
the indicated area the samurai was
understandably so horrified that he ran
away screaming and the shit ma was never
seen again until now Oh does a terrible
experiment that is terrifying I need to
write a horror film about an eyeball
where a butthole supposed to be where's
the butthole stuff happened then I think
comes straight out of the eyeball it's
also having trouble focusing
is it like automatic focus I think it
just it realizes that you're not a real
person I'm a ghost
no I'm uh I just got BBA and I'm super
stoked Phil I got this little baby boy
here and so how soon after it was
announced you already give it much give
them money oh I was like they already
had my money like me and just announcing
it they had my money like I dude force
Friday was happening while I was in
Washington DC and I was in my hotel room
while other people were out doing shit
and I was like refresh refresh refresh
on my phone so how people are when they
like launch a new Apple products but
with Star Wars yeah but I'm also kind of
like that with new Apple products I
didn't get the new phone probably even
though I don't even know like I haven't
even looked at what it's live a plus
like - I did I did you're gonna end up
getting it right because you can't not
so you can but my see I have a good
reason mine's shattered to shit so I'm
like goooo one just replace screen or do
I want to upgrade that's where I was
waiting for I was waiting for this
announcement to go is it worth the extra
TV like it's worth it um just for the
fact that uh maybe yeah what are you on
oh nothing
are you an iPhone or Android person you
can eat that and then talk it's okay let
me get closer yeah let me get closer
what do you think my woody what's your
deal yeah Android yeah iPhone and
sir now well awesome result
oh yeah anyone we're gonna get the new
iPhone huh why not for Mom
you guys getting the subtitles on there
Sam you get the new iPhone I like that
as people get in it's just getting
weirder and weirder
right let's talk about iPhone ooh
and of course pop it just to round it
out I can't wait for will to come in and
like a stick out yeah we'll always
either has his dick out or he's doing
something
cut that out please please cut that up
Stan and now you say no damn it
