Dennett that's terrible for music see
this is a continuation from yesterday's
vlog the day has ended for us the guys
that were awesome enough to come in and
help with the show which would have
taken me probably another two hours if
it was by myself I've sent them home
early obviously today's another day that
anyone else came in I'm gonna take this
little bit of extra time I'm gonna go
see the movie dope I've been wanting to
see it for a really really long time and
luckily there's one theaters in the
areas still showing it so I'm gonna
overdue d-dude repair almost forgot
there we go then we saw him pick up all
the things that were down he picked up
the cake and the rake and the gown and
the milk and the strings and the books
and the dish and the fan and the cup and
the ship and the fish and he put them
away then he said that is that and then
he was gone with a tip of his hat then
our mother came in and she said to us -
did you have any fun tell me what did
you do and Sally and I did not know what
to say should we tell her the things
that went on there that day should we
tell her about it now what should we do
well what would you do if your mother
asked you quit and snitch Sally
they know see I I am under the belief
that when he says that you know I have
to explain it so that I could like the
song and play it around other people my
thing is that he's talking about that
the fact that he destroys people when
he's battling them like even they're his
fans afterwards because he destroyed
them that bad he's gonna use like a
multitude rap genius also is there an
explanation yeah usually it'll break
into it this is amazing even make the
bitches that will come I'm waiting on
someone to say something yeah see
Eminem's music is so good that even when
he forces it upon you you can't help but
nod your head no know what that word
means but alright art so he did there
was a lead-up into it yeah wait so a
question who do you think is top three
rappers while getting problem for that
whatever but it's definitely Kanye and
Reagan
like tomorrow for right now like my
living motherfucker time yeah your
opinion oh that's my opinion
I'm gonna pop heads that are gonna
fucking shoot me about you number one
really okay cuz when I said I thought he
was the best okay Oh No Eminem Kanye you
know what uh biggie
yeah well I'm leaving now Philip
DeFranco no stop being so loud
are we actually to LA no not at all it's
very warm in this room okay anybody
until dawn oh you missed the scary clown
dude I want to play this kind of bad
actually it's it's really good so I'm
gonna play until dawn it's essentially
like a movie so it's not even like I'm
playing video games right right
so reportedly there's like 200 different
outcomes to this game I just want to get
not the worst one
she's here shortly what oh my god what's
going on where's my sister going it's
fine she just can't take a joke it was
just a prank hand Oh
what in the fuck is that
take my coat
who
oh wow I'm sorry Hannah
I'm kind of a in it for my own kind of
thing girl
well
you
just like it's a little extra bone
this was the biggest pain yes to edit
because the audio on the game stuff was
for some reason came in at ten percent
of what it was supposed to this won't
just Edward but a rough day but I want
you guys to have something
