happy Labor Day but not really because
Labor Day for you is yesterday if you
even celebrate Labor Day unless you work
in an industry that actually thrives on
Labor Day
in which case enjoy your labor on to
that day okay moving on maybe's bastards
disrespecting Labor Day crude James if I
want to make a fucking ruckus I can make
a goddamn ruckus I just bring the ruckus
that's my my job here
I don't Franco get penises doing sorry I
love I love everything about how
low-rent this vlog is gonna be and how
random so there's really no one in the
office today other than I've I'm just
gonna be the trustee one but Amanda came
in so we have our our trio right now and
then I was like well what the hell are
we gonna do if we have to get a lot of
work done so I remembered that we had
ton of unused footage so I thought this
is gonna be that big massive Wow
everything sounds dirty in my head this
is where we're gonna be showing a bunch
of those videos you're a side note I
feel like okay we talk about this all
the time but I'm gonna say it to the
camera now we always joke that team de
Franco's gonna die altogether Phil's
whole team never comes back from lunch
and uh it was so funny because we were
like just joking about it but we do it
every day and one day we finally brought
it up to Phil and his answer is my
favorite answer ever because there was
two editors in the room so James and
Keith of editors and then Jordan and I
long story short he basically said the
editors can die as long as I have Jordan
and Amanda to hire new editors that's
how that's what I said about you still
heard about it like a week later he was
like oh cuz I'm not essential huh
looks like Tigers died huh in my defense
to this video especially since two
people are in the room right now I just
mean logistically you know right James
you get you understood
more bullshit
how's it be like you're gonna work for
your parents but then I realize they
don't love you either
oh that's you jerk it before you came to
work today no I did well though jerk
although work also before we go any
further you should probably realize that
most of us are weird weird perverts this
is like this is like diffusing a bomb
you're so close you're right they're
cute
brightens up you're right if I don't
keep going keep going through dare don't
you dare don't you do don't you don't
you don't you don't you don't know you
asked me last week he goes if when we
first started dating the first time we
had sex I would I went hi he does the
same noise yeah I'm like I would have
called you me like nah dude no no no
stop please don't do that but every guy
that I've been with is so obsessed with
me not getting pregnant that it's almost
insulting that is like oh yeah yeah
they're so obsessed you said you don't
mind when it's on your body is the face
still in no place cuz that's a that's a
big difference I've learned yeah that's
something you need to ask I would oh
yeah I know just surprise buttocks slash
stomach slash boob area yeah what you
think it's hot I think it's hot when a
guy does that but I I don't know I'd
have to really like you it seems like it
might be traumatizing man I really like
girls they've got me thinking now I
really this honestly this whole session
has made me realize that maybe I don't
like girls I like girls a lot and I
think sitting next to you is made me
realize that even more my voice just
cracked a little I really like females
so when you look at me they're near me
well I really like girls I don't know
yeah I don't I you know my feminine body
no it's no no it's nothing to do with
you
is the motorway oh look at you action
and it's like you know he's a handsome
boy but I want nothing to do with any of
this okay let's roll tight what are you
doing you named me in on the Indian
right um apartment lease tenant and I
don't have enough money to pay my rent
this is born all right oh come on are
you ready for this your money man
sir hi there you like this place I love
this place but listen I don't think I
have enough money to pay for the first
month's rent what can I do I got some
stuff don't kid you can carry up what no
good no no no don't you look you look at
you got some nice songs I've seen on our
look at something else
what's this but then a few days after
Lexy Panterra put out that workout video
that that just blew up and then you know
she was on the PDS for a second we shot
this skit that never really panned out
and it was her in our leggings twerking
and it was a great video of her but on
the other stuff that we shot separately
never really made it funny so I never
released it but uh here's that's working
video stuff
the model
you call it a circle we call it a turf
go girls to the flow wanna step up in
the club when I step up in the club they
be from love I'm the little Alexi make
your girl look sexy sportive like an SP
wavy as a jet ski she bling bling bling
bling bling I hope you get the message
do it for the vine ain't gonna do it do
it for the vine I might do I like that
some fire the truck go get you hot it's
more than just a mondo is how we run the
circle which you have get us the body it
if you're wondering the cables were
going to be connected to all these
charts that we had going crazy the idea
being that you know if you crash a car
to test the safety of a car
you bring Lexy Panterra and twerk in
your legs to test your leggings but guys
that is it for this vlog if you enjoyed
seeing this secret footage give that
like love of course in the description
down below if you want to check out Lexy
you want to check out any one that was
awesome in here links to them down below
some in network some out of network
awesome so I'm gonna try and get the
hell out of here I love your faces I
hope you enjoying these daily vlogs and
I'll see you tomorrow
you
