Oh Siri why do white people like hacky
sack so I want to access this vlog but I
can't do it because the fucking stupid
ah we used to live in a world where we
had normal passwords right but then we
had I love them I love them cuz they
give us so many opportunities and they
gave me money but oh they came in and
they said they were optimizing our
network look the red light that means
it's working probably or broken
completely and they came in to optimize
the network aka make sure that Jordan
stops looking at porn on his uh his
break and now I can't get into the
computer that this video was edited on
until Keith gets in
so essentially like if Keith is sick
today there's just no video at all uh
and it seems like it would make sense
that that person's manager would be able
to log on to their computer but fuck
that that makes way too much sense okay
anyway I'm done being angry ah where you
like that the whole time yeah
where were you Kanye were you scary oh I
flip it over and say it's a Kanye day or
two Kim day which day is it though for
you is it whatever is pointing at you
400 many people walk by and tell me that
this fucking scary you need to remove
like everybody like just be like this is
my thing this is my thing also you're
pretty much the only person that has
like decorated their their stuff
it's lovely poster yeah yeah give that
poster the ones behind you schedules and
then and then there's just James desk
Peeta said yeah he's a sociopath
whoa we always joke around he'll always
be like I don't like it when people talk
to me I don't like well I think I think
I made it very relatable to to me and
the rest of our audience I think that's
what
okay gonna play some Madden Justin you
there Justin I can hear your music bro I
think you uh do you have your connect on
instead of your regular mic Justin no oh
you're there you know like cuz you know
no I don't want to say no Justin let's
just sit down let's go let's play some
Madden but what do you what do you mean
I want to play Madden I have to go back
to work in an hour that's annoying
people to only again and this I get for
fucking being friends with you fucking
idiot so I was really tired when I found
that and I think it's actually stupid
but it still makes me happy so I'm
including it okay my feet not don't
thanks Jesus oh okay I'm starting to
remember why people don't like snake G
oh yeah oh yeah we're doing so well oh
shit I was like Siri why do white people
like hacky sack villains ones was like
well we're setting off a bug bomb at the
house so we have to bring them so much
wrong so much love new people and also
keep the adorable oh hi guys and you're
all
he's like what me I'm not pretty a
little bit oh no don't you do it don't
you do it rook no no don't buddy
dang it wait till we know you just got
scared
Hey oh there it is it's like it's he was
trying so hard and then he ran a quarter
to turn up work here to work with that
every day
uh-huh I think there's some kind of he's
your kid roll you can do it yeah but
then everyone hates the boss's kid yeah
it was like I didn't deserve this job
you again fired a long time ago yeah I
don't I don't know I would I wouldn't
want him to uh to work with me yeah like
I'd want him if there was anything like
I i'd set him up with something and then
be like he's on his own
whoa this is daddy's other filming room
this is where we we shoot things where
we say dirty words and stuff well that's
every room nevermind do you think about
this giant baby I'm a giant baby if you
can host you could host yes thank you
wait let me come in here I was like two
months see you know that's I used to say
that he was gonna take over my show I'm
just I'm just gonna have you build up
people be like so he can take it over
it's like ultimate hooky day you have
pizza I made a whole cartoon about what
is this this is a paw patrol it's like
he's in like he's in the age where he
actually like Wow
his cartoons that aren't complete
garbage so sit for this vlog it was nice
heaven it was nice having the baby
Lindsay there the dogs trust me the hell
out but uh it was a good it was a good
day
there's a lot less work done than usual
but that's okay every now and then main
point I hope that you've been enjoying
these vlogs yo I'm gonna keep it up this
week Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday
Friday those are the daily vlogs
Saturday Sunday that's when we put out
those fun with friends videos and I
think that's gonna be the schedule
moving forward so I hope you've been
diggin it if you do dig it hit me with
that lack button maybe leave a comment
down below with some of your favorite
stuff in the past week uh and that's
that I'm gonna go away now okay bye
