this question that must have been
joining me you want me to get mad fuck
you think about to ask me some questions
I'm askin man I'm about to start
breaking on Taylor Swift or Kanye oh
fuck I'm a bone up on you Kanye okay do
I have to pick Kanye Kanye yeah
obviously fucking Tanya obviously cause
like there's no he is God Taylor Swift
I'm a swifty I think I pick Taylor Swift
right now Taylor Swift Taylor Swift
Taylor Swift all the way Tanya Kanye a
thousand thought you're anything Nikki
and I'm like Nikki Mukesh what Han yang
and why no okay don't you everyone in
the office knows how much I fucking hate
Taylor Swift you just need to shake that
off
I'll fucking murder you she has
definitely like gone up in my books used
to kind of just be like this annoying
preteen teeny bopper like thing has a
woman I respect her her ambition and
everything that she does but I mean he's
a god no I prefer Kanye's music but I
think I prefer telescoped as a person
Taylor Swift all the way Kanye no way I
just love how full of himself he is like
everyone hated him and now it's like you
can't hate him you just love him for
like oh it's Kanye oh he can be the
biggest asshole in the world I don't
care heat it up all the music here's the
thing with Kanye it's like is it real
does he genuinely believe like I'm a god
is he just doing it for show and that's
just like his PR move and he has a great
PR team and pulling off all these months
I think it's a little bit of both it's
just so entertaining one kinda has a
crush on Taylor Swift everyone I don't
have a trust fund
you can't easy money looks like he's had
his wisdom teeth out every single day of
his life Calle ready get out of here he
speaks for both of us he is easy he is
God of all things mm-hmm he is the ruler
of anything that touches light Lion King
rules apply to Kanye
yeah that's what he lives by hello okay
I'm like a cat you got a kid again God
making kit oh my god what if there was a
little Konya cat all shudder shit bitch
anywhere's a little leather joggers I'm
in a weird place you are I really am and
I love it oh I love it
say some Kanye shit fuck you in your
Hampton now somebody on Hampton spouse
came on our Hampton blouse yeah hand
them mouth y'all about to turtle turn
off the camera turn over here just cut
junk I'm gone look I'm like you know
what Taylor can make fun of herself
Tanya
can't he can't take a joke he really can
but still Kanye
you
