what's better though drunk sex or high
sex drunk sex really that's when it gets
dirty I mean oh that's tough weed weed
booze booze furs we need ya neither
I don't do booze makes you hit people
booze
why probably booze cuz it'll give me
confidence because I like to drink I
think it's a social thing to do and I
like when I drink it's like a roll of
the dice I respect your choice I'm a
whiskey girl I love I'm a whiskey girl
too and it's like a 20-sided die for all
my Dungeons & Dragons plays and mice the
dice numbers are great but then you've
got one of them if it lands on maybe 14
it's emotional more if you land on maybe
nine it's some sexually aggressive mod
and don't like it when I rather rolls on
nine I'm like here we go yeah no one has
ever is like smoked the joint and then
got violent if you were gonna do that
you were violent before alcohol has made
people violent weed doesn't make you
violent so yeah we don't like that one
but most the time I'm just fun-loving
get really jokey a little excitement and
I did a biggest thing you can still have
your faculties together you can still
hold a conversation oh you have better
conversation you don't remember them but
you have really good memories better
it's I remember this room pineapple
express but it makes sex better it makes
music sound better
it makes food taste better booze is
harder on the body weeds a more casual
thing it's like oh I can smoke now
whatever I mean you can't really go to
work being stoned I know I feel like
being I feel like being stoned is easier
and more kind of recreational but I feel
like as far as functioning like I
couldn't come to work stone I can come
to work drunk it's all about my eat over
babys - way too easy
booze destroys lives we mix life better
older I get the worse alcohol fucking
yeah it's very bad shit show um I used
to never get a hit
Rover's but now I can't go without
getting a hangover and that is a
nightmare so I really don't like doing
that also super right in the face not to
you
Asian glow okay it's not cute okay so
well you're smoking or when you're high
or even just eating edibles you just
gotta slow down but when you get drunk
you don't remember people calling you at
6:00 p.m. asking you certain questions
and then you're obliged to do said
questions or the absent you gave to said
question your job my buddy tails
I mean booze doesn't necessarily destroy
certain people's lives but what I prefer
to smoke though booze has a tendency to
ruin more lives than we does fair I
choose weed it's just like booze is
ultimately just sugar it's just lots of
sugar that you're that you're you're
slamming your your system with and weed
it doesn't damage your diet at all have
you ever come to work drunk Ricky this
is a hidden bonus question no not this
one not this job okay let me give you
the lie-detector test right now
have you come to work drunk no you're
telling the truth thank you
yeah but sometimes wheedle interrupts
with my ability to have a dope
conversation with somebody that's true I
do I I feel like I'm a I feel like I'm
not a better me but I feel like I'm
better at being social alcohol then
what's better though drunk sex or high
sex drunk sex really that's when it gets
dirty I mean I understand I understand
both ones far more aggressive but oh I
like aggressiveness okay I don't like
slowing things down I like what I
suggest doing always is you always smoke
first otherwise you get the spins
if you smoke after you get slow so I
like to smoke a fuck ton first get real
real high and then you ease into the
drunk because you're at when you're high
you don't really taste like the
bitterness when you're drinking yeah I
was super high and then started drinking
I would not stop drinking oh the guy
prefer to drink oh I like the control
and it's like oh you're too drunk just
drink a lot of water eats bread and then
you can just sit down and wait for it to
pass with wheat it's just like I don't
know what this is it's a weird chemical
it's my lungs like I could be like this
forever
I don't know what
no I know you're saying did you know
that there I read this morning that they
have a Lube that has THC mixed in so it
makes you high starting from there
sounds amazing shit sounds um is it on
sale it doesn't have to you do have to
have like a medical card or something
for that I'm asking for science
