love you I love you unless you can only
love me in the public eye yeah I mean
otherwise my people never read
everything I love you you're my favorite
everyone now you know the other night
Phil goes look at my toe well you know I
don't want to you know accidentally lose
it in somebody
why isn't one year so I'm leaving my
loved ones to go to a scary movie with
my other loved ones internet people's
and movie we're watching with the nation
tonight is the visit which of course is
written directed produced by M night
Shyamalan of course man behind the Sixth
Sense signs and breakable was also
produced by Jason Blum befores made
Paranormal Activity the purge insidious
and thanks to the lovely folks at NBC
Universal they sponsored this event so
that we could hang out and watch a scary
movie with the nation that's so awesome
to Danny and beef just they gave me
nightmares forever because they're
telling me that this documentary about
people that wake up and they can't like
move and they have sleep paralysis I was
you're okay and all the night terrified
of it it's never happened to me anymore
Lana no I'm so lost without you
I think so I have to the first if it was
a movie was I was really freaked out by
the ring yeah it was like one of those
things where you finish a movie and
you're like man that was that was stupid
I'll see you later and I went home and I
unplugged my TV and I was like fuck that
bitch is not getting luck and then
probably the like the real life thing
was about a month ago Lindsay's parents
stayed they opened a window we created
like one of those weird draft things in
the house so he left a door open it set
off the alarm at 3 o'clock in the
morning and I learned that when that
happens I grabbed my taser and jump on
the bed and it took me like 40 seconds
to be like oh yeah you also have a baby
I'm alright and then I ran out and I
like open the door and he's freaking out
because the alarm and then I was Sun
crazy dad open the door and then I'm
like garden it and Lindsey's like it's a
ghost noise like what it goes it's
people and and I was just there's a
draft but Lindsey still thinks today
like to this day that there's a fucking
ghost in the house cuz of this but
didn't like a sudden break or something
like a vase broke or something
I'm a face really quick I don't have to
say what I felt about this movie in this
video I love this movie and it was it
was so weird and disturbing and I felt
uncomfortable and I had scares and I was
there's nothing like a theater just like
shocked by something that happened all
together and then we're just like what
and then you just kind of stew in this
confusion and love that you're confused
this is easily in the same bubble for me
as a sixth sense and unbreakable I'm
going to visit my grandparents in the
future but older people now freak me out
more than usual
so these are these yeah these bastards
were playing giant sized Jenga I don't
know this is if this is how we're
supposed to do the top but I just
somehow got this up this is going to
drop come on no don't get it Oh No oh
that way I'm a friggin leg in the
planning this one
look at the concentration
Oh ball
take slow baby oh my god Phil Phil no
don't you dare don't you dare
Oh
Oh
there are two winners there through
winter
you
you
