another day has begun I'm still feeling
sick but we're gonna power through it
because that's what you do when you're a
gosh-dang professional but also if
you're me so film the show
we also are getting a new leggings in
which I'm exciting that's probably my
new favorite product on for human
peoples because we have like the shirts
the backpacks the leggings have just
been really really fun you guys have
been buying the hell out of them so it's
cool that we're adding new one okay are
you even haven't even even a baby
boo-boo
how oh I just hurts summation it's
September 2nd 2015 my name is philip
defranco let's get you filled in oh no
it's spread its spread it is spread to
our office Phil no muss yes ok why and
you guys shoes on come on focus caper
there we go what wait what's the gun oh
wait wait wait I gotta guys see someone
else drop first that's the that's the
what oh oh wait yeah why just jump up be
a man be a man be a man oh there you go
did I ever tell you you're my he yeah
you safe he's safe
oh man he busts his dad volume bust my
ass
it's gonna be super because I somehow
made dicks in the flop everybody pass
her a battery and bomb Philip DeFranco
busts his ass 2015 I should have charged
his oh wow that's a week yeah yes does
it down Tana diet
oh it is time and you help I hate this
shit beeps when it's dying like I know
Oh Oh what for the corner thank you
so what the line fell it's weird
go for I'm trying to just do too much
real quick
yeah
please go through this entire party but
don't say anything
you better get my forget recipes I fell
fainting this is so weird
sorry he has to fall we have please aw
fuckin Chaplin please oh my god he's
going away it's so terrible
Schmidt oh my god okay I'm slowly
getting used to it
I've been given up on this falling yeah
fine Phil hoo-hah I didn't fall
sorry no failed video but I'm happy damn
it I hate that it's fun I hate that it's
a lot of fun I really want to try it go
on one two yeah see it as long as we
make it a blog we're good how dare you
I'm sorry that's too many carbs look at
ever look at everyone being bros that's
caring sure he's got is that wouldn't
that both
yeah faster yeah so you say that I want
to buy these for the office now that's
how we get you off we just push you up
this is the first time I've seen these
leggings on a person ha ha ha wish the
front now let's show my decorators he's
gonna come over he's like let me give
you some directions
oh no I'm not showing you my dick I'll
show you the thighs okay boys okay
the calves okay you're nice you can see
I would have to blur this could you see
ah oh no I'm scared I don't want to even
look in your direction are you sure
she's trying to get at this dig and
she's been trying for hours I want to
see gigging Reyna
you're my dear friend no Rayna you're my
dear friend if you're buying long-term
committed relationship there you don't
need to see my dick I don't need to see
it
I just want to oh whoa I didn't even
realize your wall yeah when the hell did
this happen today
yesterday today that's amazing I love it
did you do this uh I did the design and
Aaron painted it
hey I'm creative you are it pisses me
off it looks is that what it is that's
the trick
but what let me let me find some stuff
in the one on Pinterest had like it was
all one color and was all over yeah but
that would have been way too much pink
so I split it then and you just bought
use gaff tape yeah that's sick all right
so I'm gonna give you these two let me
see the UH this top one first
because Matt Lieberman was for some
reason wearing them and that is forever
in my mind you're Pro you're pro at this
point it is like I got this okay you're
like front front profile good but day so
you said you're having a big butt day
good but oh I think that a big butt
there wins a big butt day wait what
collect will clarify or what counts as a
good butt day I wouldn't run this
morning okay laughter so there's a
difference I feel like that's like a
little tighter okay good more like okay
into it so it's like I do like I'm
excited
you
