ah another day I started and I'm sick
yeah
good morning fam it's a one second
uh-huh that's not helping yeah
nope bucket I'm broken out I'm currently
trying to fix my overweight situation
which you can sometimes see sometimes
you can't
I am currently 214 point 6 pounds when I
got married I was 190 pounds uh it's not
even the freshman 15 I can't even joke
about that with with with my life right
now I gained 25 pounds I probably gained
20 pounds the the two 14.6 that is very
much a I ate pretty much everything that
could be possibly packed with sodium and
so there's a shit crap route to of stuff
in my body and that's why I've been a
that's why I've been running recently
but it's come down to me actually eating
properly and sorry I got distracted by
my face when when I change diets or I
start working out again my body like
looking in protests starts just making
me break out everywhere but like all
change is gonna be slow it's gonna be
painful here and there but uh we stick
with it we'll have you ever had a
problem with breaking out ever no really
ever no yeah did I really had a pimple
right here and it's probably still there
a little bit but like when growing it
well your baby but like in high school
you never had like this shit that just
happens no because I think I literally
ate wherever I want it to and I told my
pimples I didn't care so oh oh but he
doesn't he doesn't care oh sorry mr.
Hains but there was this one kid I was I
was always nice this one kid everybody
was mean to him and one time he had a
pimple on his nose and I was like hey I
will call him John I said John you got a
pimple on your nose I didn't say
anything mean and then the next day I
had two pimples on my nose I was like
well I'm never gonna mention anyone's
pimples ever again look I like Oh liar
oh oh you yeah but
people I don't like know that well I
don't see that's the thing though is
best friends you know longer people like
you just they're gonna have some gross
Hawaii volcano bullshit on his face okay
yeah mm-hmm I already have one pretty
much right where you go so I'm gonna
give you a little herps that's okay I'm
down okay good good mm-hmm
is that enough oh no I think I need some
more okay I'm just gonna give you a pop
yeah yeah we're just gonna this is more
chickenpox now get in there it's okay
and just one big thing all right so now
it is time to preview the pds now I
normally don't always have to screen it
but I got really angry in this one so I
got a double check it you will not be
for long
ah wait what was that dance it was Ilyas
missed him
so apparently all I needed to change
today was all the stuff that I wasn't
worried about yeah don't fuck it up
James don't fuck it up I'll do my best
whoo because I'm ugly and I want to deal
with people I think I'm gonna play a
little uh Mad Max right now though this
game is a beautiful but redundant and
stupid so uh let's see if that's true
one mess-up but he kills the dog
what all right that was what's up with
that beginning the dude just took a
change one of the face are they saying
he's alive oh god oh god oh my god I
killed you by kicking your dick that
hard yeah
Farah it's just there for a safe safe
that's definitely gone in his butt that
has definitely gone in his butt
Oh oh my god Oh easy knows how to use
that mouth though right hey hey
have you been playing it phantom pain
just got it wait like at home no I just
I went and bought it during my lunch
break oh I'm come I kind of wanna plug
it in and try it here can't do it
I know right tonight like there goes all
my productivity dude I want to play I
want to play it so bad but I want to
play Dragon Age Inquisition I want to
put I won't play so many games yeah and
there's just no I can play like an hour
play a plate an hour and I'm putting in
the vlog so I can justify the thing that
I did but otherwise I'm just like nope
not gonna happen
how's that has Mad Max that's okay I
kind of I just got done with Arkham
Knight so redundancy is does it like
that's another one I want to for him but
you said he doesn't do them you didn't
do the Riddler chirpings oh yeah but
it's like fucking impossible man like I
know there's people that like love is
fuckin brined and will do that shit but
like huh
so this is actually this is a question
cuz Steve mentioned this this to me the
other day and I was like is it do you
need to do it yourself cuz I played New
Vegas right so Fallout New Vegas I got
my ending and then I was like I don't
know if I want to play through all the
other different like ways things
could've turned out so I just went to
YouTube and I don't know if that's
cheating or not yeah bro I got all the
endings plea deal yeah I don't know I
don't know I think it's I think it's
like unspoken in the community because
it really is like kind of cheating in a
way yeah but it's like if you're not
gonna get a completely different
experience where like in the game
dishonored if you played as like a
stealth assassin you got a much
different ending but it is also so
different as far as the gameplay yeah
but if it's just gonna be the difference
of a cutscene then kind of fuck it
right I don't know I mean but but it's
but again to get that cutscene you have
to put like all this work in yeah we saw
you a purist so you're saying do it or
I'm I was going to trade in Arkham
Knight towards like meta here but like
there's something good you get those
really trophies man just like every once
in a while on a fucking boring Saturday
just like pop in Arkham Knight
I just grind out a couple more Joker
trophies and do that like over the next
six months or slept it gives you it
gives you like replayability animation
but oh the weight that you're describing
it it is like fucking chopping wood yes
all the good enjoy you're like I gotta
move on and then uh then I'll be able to
you know drink that sweet tea yeah yeah
no bro just order the sweet tea it's
fine
yeah cuz it's like right there like
literally I can open up YouTube right
now and watch the NA there's like a
there's like a nightfall protocol and
like I'm like what's the night foam
protocol cuz like I mean it's a big game
just so you know don't don't look into
the comments of this video cuz they're
just gonna ruin it o course of course
you actually just tweet it to him ruin
it yeah
