the first day back into the office of
like a full week getting back into the
real world and then I realized I have so
limited time so I decided to play hooky
that's probably not a good thing but
here we go although in my defense is not
really playing hooky I couldn't find a
rag at the office I didn't want to go to
the store so I decided to maximize my
time by going to a movie and having them
clean my car
so my quickie completely unnecessary
because it's already been out for three
weeks review of Straight Outta Compton
is I loved it like if you haven't seen
it I definitely recommend it even if
you're not you weren't into NWA we ran
into any of that stuff it's just a good
good movie I mean because for me aside
from actually knowing the history of it
a big part of it is I can relate to some
of it not the guns and the drugs and all
that side but but a lot of guys coming
up together and you know money changing
stuff and then them coming back because
that's the thing a lot of people forget
is time and money change a lot of things
a lot of things early early on and in
the YouTube game I was kind of a hippie
when it came to the like the turning
everything into corporate I was like I
don't want to make money on people I
know and love like it's just it's the
only way things can survive so I went
into it very naive and it's just so no
and it's interesting to see how all the
things change and luckily a lot of the
people that that I came up with we're
still pretty cool others it's best that
they're out of your life but it's it was
I know that's that's what really stuck
out to me so if you haven't seen it I
highly recommend it especially with
everything else that's out right now
alright great BAE here's the deal
if this is good if you like this we end
up going for a run it's good time this
could be our new thing or not our thing
I see you ahahaha we're almost home
let's do it one big last sprint we got
it yeah Oh Trey we did it oh hey
you don't even look winded how is that
even possible
aha caught trying to steal daddy's car
Oh Mama's car go on practice here we go
then what happens all right ray this is
all you need to know how to drive in LA
okay see this these are your blinkers
you never need these in LA ever this
this is used when people are in your way
when you're angry about life just cuz no
okay so you already know better good
good good good you can tell that one was
sarcastic do you see you're using your
hand touch to call people la you have to
use your actual phone because otherwise
you can't drive like a jerk god I can't
even trained this kid properly there's
no hope for you okay you're gonna have
to go somewhere else where they actually
know how to drive I love you Oh No
now you're getting dangerous okay time
for you to get back in the back seat all
right ray we did high-five
BAM yeah good it was a trap trap so the
other day I posted a video I think it
was to Facebook where I had a clean
screen recording of my iPhone and people
are like how the hell did you do that
what equipment did you get and it's
actually nothing as long as your iphones
up-to-date your Mac's up-to-date on OS X
Yosemite you can record your phone with
just a regular USB cable as you can see
here my busted up a sigh phone is
connected to my mat I'm gonna go to
QuickTime oh look at that face new movie
recording alright so there's my face
hello all you have to do I hate this
really boom you click Phillips iPhone
it's right there it's right there and
then I go okay
there's my snapchat and this is see I
was doing this for regular video this
this could make your snapchat Creepo
game next level
yeah answered this question originally
because I wanted to be informative and
helpful and maybe help someone that
wants to do iPhone like iOS game reviews
but really all I just made sure was that
people that send nudes on snapchat
they're just they're gonna live forever
no one's gonna know that they screencap
them so that's that's the change I added
to the world today and I feel like
that's that's the end of this vlog
