so we just got back from a movie I had a
little extra time today because I just I
just needed a little extra time today
for myself just I go to a movie because
it's other than working out it's like
the way that I de-stress when I work out
I kind of just I throw myself into it so
much that I'm just exhausted I don't
have the energy to feel whatever emotion
I'm trying to run away from but in a
movie theater it just it's just this
this disconnect it's perfect it's my
perfect perfect perfect thing I'm also
in a good mood because I'm gonna be
picking Trey and Lindsay up I've been
just missing missing my loves but the
big thing was before I went to the movie
I was just thinking of like how I was a
little I was feeling a little depressed
which you know with a slam schedule a
lot of stuff on my plate not a lot of
sleep it's not surprising like I'm I'm
very self aware of Who I am and how I
feel and why I feel those things but I
feel like it was very important to throw
out there that it's it doesn't matter if
you're you're my age you're older you're
younger it is okay to feel lost like
most of my life I have I have bust my
ass and I have gotten things where it's
just good and and really I know I never
use the word perfect because that's
that's not a thing but it's just my life
is good but it's still okay to feel lost
I still have these bouts of anxious
lonely bullshit where I feel like even
when I'm in a room where I'm talking
people that I'm by myself I'm lonely and
that's normal you know you just you need
to you just need to know that I know I
don't want you to feel like you're some
big weirdo okay you're not I had this
thing that I was gone for part of it was
this very interesting psych evaluation
where you answer all these questions and
then you talk to a shrink and they they
talk to you about your past and it's
something that I never really think
about I have I've blocked that out so so
hard and this this psyche was like well
looking at everything aside from you
know your issues with this person or
that person
it looks like you're very confident and
you're resilient and you know you you
you're open to people but you're also
not trusting but you're very considering
your past you're very put together well
and I was like well thank you I think
it's because when bad shit happens in
your life there's two things that can
happen it can it can crush you right or
you can try and learn from it you can
try and not be that thing and you learn
ways to stay away from that thing that's
terrible
okay whether it's emotional or physical
or any of those things that's really
that's that's the only way you can win
in life when those things that should
break you don't they shape you and
that's completely fine but don't let
them break you because otherwise you
lose and that's I don't know I think of
life as a game in that way but that's
also probably why I take the things that
make me sad and I let them make me angry
anger is such a better emotion because
as long as you don't lash out it is it
is never ending fuel night we're back in
the office and I'm gonna I'm gonna be on
the SourceFed podcast for the first time
I actually have time to do it so we're
let's do it do you see you don't know oh
yeah that's the left hand I don't
respect my left hand could have gone any
way that was in the songs on YouTube
climb in happy alright that's it this
doesn't this make you happy yeah
don't prefer burb burb burb oh you know
what this song is called skinny Leonard
oh this one's called lightning bugs yeah
all these are just like basic versions
of this is is a Firefly no Firefly to be
amazing I would listen I would listen to
rap all the time and playing music to
make you look stupid all the time oh
this is singular perversion not just up
why is it on me I'm eating brain you
need to not address the camera otherwise
this shot doesn't work
sorry the number you have dialed is not
in service
no there's gonna be so good I'm sorry so
hard
