we're in the entertainment business it's
not a drinking problem is just called by
Merry Christmas
till this Christmas RH is really funny
because we found out there was massive
amounts of fraud on our on our account
today we got it within I think Wells
Fargo has some bullshit where it's like
if it's after a certain amount of time
like if you don't pay attention they
won't reimburse you someone but someone
pay their Cricket Wireless bill oh
really starting off the fucking holidays
great jeez what a Christmas present
chill because today's Christmas we're
all here at work to come isn't for fraud
yeah speaking of Christmas bill look at
all these presents damn tree we're doing
a white elephant thing and everybody's
gonna battle it out for the best the
best gift I think that's how wait oh oh
okay yeah I thought you meant like
battle it out for who brought the basket
my favorite thing about white elephant
gifts or when you add modifiers hi this
is philip defranco and brianna can speak
on my behalf I would take quick call so
I'm gonna put these gifts under the tree
okay you guys help
puts gifts free contagious oh okay I was
just putting the gifts under the tree oh
I took that call but it's Christmas it's
a lot better on the tree right right all
right what are you saying about what
elephant stuff though oh people that add
modifier as a song went like a 1
modifier that I really like and I want
to adopt which is whatever you get you
have to like prominently feature in your
home so it incentivizes everyone to get
through some weird stuff and then you
get it's like something that gives a
little flavor
okay well then well who do you think of
all these gifts has that has a little
modifier has the best gift but they're
gonna want to show up who show off I
don't know everyone's participating yeah
I'm not um cuz I'm just filming the $15
minimum $20 max I know it's gonna start
sounding like I have favorites and
that's completely accurate I think the
most thoughtful gift is going to
actually help them Hilary
okay important to remember because I
forgot that white elephant was supposed
to be a joke so I actually had a nice
present and so then last night I had
like scrounge together to like find this
gift and make this gift and I had to ask
a lot of boys for help keep that in mind
when someone opens it today
I love the prep so here's the thing
about that well looks like you're right
then well I was but then now we're not
gonna experience it so probably got that
yeah
I'm grabbin ooh then I don't know then
it has to be the worst presents gonna be
from James because he's done that before
I forget I forgot it was he like white
elephant gift me like it was like Lube
it was like Lube right something I think
it was Lube to tumblr er to do you god
you suck I got fucked on the last one
you know what the most interesting gift
is gonna be from Ryan Ryan if you
disappoint me on this gift oh my god
yeah yeah I'm prepped I'm pumped all
right Phil Merry Christmas or Happy
Holidays whatever the fuck they say
nowadays 12 presents 12 people brought
presents
there's no presents on the table and
there's 12 numbers in this bowl okay
we're gonna go around and everyone picks
a number 130 fuck okay number one goes
first so they get to pick they look in
the present the moment you touch it like
if I'm like whether this and I move it
that's yours you gotta open it okay
don't touch and move around don't shake
up you touch it you open so the number
one opens the present and they're like
cool got a present if they like it they
don't like it that's their presents
number two goes and number two likes
number ones present they can take it
from them and then number one gets to
get another present and then so on and
so forth once a present is stolen twice
or touched three times so that's what
stole it stolen
Brian gets it forever no one can take
that away and then number one at the end
of the since they had to go first and
they didn't get to see all the presents
anything got frozen
number one can choose at the very end
make sense and don't be lame and take
your own present Brian did everyone know
that they were supposed to be real
presence and not joke present no no that
was not mad clear
that was not my career because I made a
really nice one not that I was really
nice but it looked cute and now we have
this so don't reveal your numbers um
like will will do it after everyone
picks she said I'm gonna pick make sure
you only get one though I'm calling it
right now I'm number seven oh yeah
that's nice when you play with families
and friends all right so you can you can
team up with people you can team up of
you watch you write teammates hi who's
got number one I'll take the alcohol oh
shit it's Richard and Mortimer's
oh shit he changes into a mug chocolate
thing I got a movie and fine red wine
you know that's the worst thing you can
do don't brush your teeth or well
actually you can do but don't brush your
teeth after giving heads it's bad and
you get infections yeah that's gonna be
money - my kitchen - and I'm like do I
want to set a floor it's an old recipe
the Russian Imperial Stout with bacon
bits we're in the entertainment business
it's not a drinking problem is just
called like who's next
Christy show your game so she can still
anyone else's but that or took a new
gift hold on if someone steals from me
no they can steal from you again no
right but can I steal from Cecilia now
that at all okay still directly no but I
I'm gonna steal from Cecilia
oh she gets the cops but nobody all
right yeah there's all these packages
he had a folder with this one pop rocks
and a sugar cactus the small soap for
drums hands right you can hide it in a
speedo
all right is next
does that all marshmallows marshmallows
let's go with this one
I'm torn between taking the tiny hand
soup and you would really love it you
want a banana yeah okay we had a lot of
stealing and now jason has his option of
things that aren't frozen
this is the last part of the game oh I
think I know it's a baby pineapple from
one of my neighbors
hilarious somebody wanna say anything
happy holidays joke see you thank you
fucking snow please until I got you some
crisps yeah well your final gift it is I
knew it
so Phil thank you for believing in me
dreams do come true love Joe nation and
then you actually included hashtags on
the back of a picture frame yeah try to
get more like so everything's
everything's just Instagram be
