you ever go through a ghetto phase a
little bit I want to see ghetto Ricky I
wore FUBU in junior high our favor I
wore real baggy clothes sometimes ok you
and you will secret and secret and I'd
go to like a barbershop like a black
barber you got a little throw a little
black sin then you throw a little blacks
in in there what's that you know like
you talk on your phone to say oh oh shit
oh no I mean that's cool though this is
my normal speed that's fun sometimes you
know it's not fun this kind of looks
like a dick here's the thing goodbye
maneuver I'll chat like I'll be friendly
and nice but if I'm like this and you
say so do you know where I'd like online
I could be on the phone being like
what's that mom you're the house is on
pure dying right now
you okay you're trapped in a burning
house and these are your last words to
me and he'd be like so did you get to do
daughter Dylan I'm like can you give me
give me one once my mom's this is her
dying word what oh I take the 101 or the
what why don't you leave me alone for
one second let me talk towards that your
I love you too
and yes I'll never forget everything
that we I did do you want to bet dude I
see the men sitting there about one a
man I'll get a mint what the fuck people
are talking about wet shoes for pet
peeves you know my pet peeve wet shoes
what something that happens to you once
a year maybe does nobody look at the
world as the dark fucking place that it
is and see all the shit that there is to
have Pepe's about when you say shit like
I hate wet shoes so when I was in high
school behavior correctional course back
up
what anyways it was like it's gonna be
your anger management fucking open all
right guys I'm gonna teach you how to
woman what he's like overall me my first
like he's like now whenever you're with
a woman can't just fuck the pussy
alright okay fire like what was his name
code McGirt anyways like can't his
fucking hey I just fucked a pussy you
gotta fuck the mind yeah fuck the whole
woman so that is my advice to you
gentlemen out there don't just fucking
pussy kind of fuck the mind no I was
spontaneous but you can hit me Oh what
all right
