oh god I'm so glad my parents had me at
a dangerously old age accidental incest
accidental incest
we're cool the fact when you find out
she's your cousin later Oh sounds like
something that happens Alabama or
something you will not guess this you
will not guess this someone that you
didn't know was like the cousin then it
turns out after doing the one-two step
that you have the same last name and mum
is that like when you bang a cousin you
didn't know was your cousin is it
involve Atlanta stuff because we're both
blonde as well
is it's not it's pretty bad but not as
bad as you think that it's pretty bad
what it can raise a sentence yeah Mike I
had an accidental incest the other night
and then the response is real-time
I don't know what roll tide is so that
that doesn't help anybody else isn't
tied like laundry detergent
yes but roll wet tired fuck yeah don't
worry Anne knows I told you I told you
very much if I went to my mother and I
said mom I had an accidental incest last
night what else is she gonna think what
else could that possibly mean no please
help me having a realistic wet dream to
wake up to hearing your parents having
sex in the other oh god I'm so glad my
parents had me at a dangerously old age
oh I'm so glad about that shit you're
aroused by a dream I need to realize
that it's the moaning of your parents
sinful pleasure pursuit how did you
Dental incest I would never
that's never happened to us happens I'd
never have experienced like 36 that is
pretty good there's a dangerous all aged
like oh god that's what people in
Alabama do have a do like accidental
incest I'm gonna get shown for this oh
dear I would TT where I was so great
Barrow you know what this person had a
wet dream to the parents book Oh
all what though but yeah my wife has a
lot of family and their big Bama fans
man that means you live in a poor house
your walls of that thinner your hair
it's a fucking heart you live in a do
Carmen's had you when they were young
and they're like 25 now and they like
are still going at it
oh god damn that's fucking gross cup
handle that's a handle on a cup that
part of no one does is either this is
funny cop handle is once you pick up to
take a sip that's a cup please please
let it be that I don't know it sounds
like love handle so maybe instead it's
for your scrotum uh what else it would a
cup handle babe Urban Dictionary
is it on a male or a female thank you I
think of like a cup and instead of a
love handle it's like fat like a love
handle but for your ballsack that's
disgusting
I don't know what a cup holder is have I
done it cup handle a cup handle cup
under pair tight Underpants that is when
you take a handle from a mug and shove
it so far up your anyt anus that you've
become about it's pretty good I mean
yeah you're gonna have to use an in
sentence because the word doesn't help
me at all spook said they found a dead
pervert hanging in a wardrobe today he
had a cup handle Dave said that's
incredible
can it be true or not that makes him
that make some noise can I find a friend
oh it's wick he's jizeen into it must be
a cup that he's just into that's my
guess wait I think I know what it is is
it when you're dinkar goes into the
other end so it's like a little yeah
yeah the deviant act of inserting your
penis into your arsehole creating a cup
handle effect a tricky and dangerous
procedure often performed by gaspers
with extremely long peckers
excuse me Gasper I don't know this is
fully a British word what the heck is a
Gasper
how come you first the first thing that
you said was you know it's urban I
didn't say you know I said it's urban
dictionary
