yeah
so just woke up Lindsay got back in
really really late like 1 o'clock in the
morning cuz uh her flight was late
everything is kind of crazy but because
I have the time no I think I think I'm
gonna clean up
brookey daddy needs to fold this I love
you I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry you're
gonna fall you can have it back in one
second there see isn't that bad isn't up
but and so just like that we're living
in a whole different world but guys
before you're like awful try stop trying
to like impress my girlfriend to make me
look bad
this is actually for you the trick is
not always doing it because it's a big
deal if it's sunny every day you get
used to the Sun it's not it's like oh
yeah there's the Sun again but if you
live in Seattle and it's raining all the
time and all of a sudden the Sun that
sounds terrible my marriage is like a
rainy day every day you know what I'm
saying it stands out more if you remind
her she's your queen you're the king but
if she's your queen every day maybe she
thinks you're one of her subjects
although I just normally don't have the
time to do this so it's nice to be able
to do something nice every now and then
what
you're on another planet I know how
pissed be I want to get a reaction and a
video because it's like straight-up
lagina booty thank you it looks great oh
great I don't even you dance ace bro I
don't want to tell you to not follow
your dreams but the only way you're
gonna get that squirrel is if it dies of
a heart attack and it literally falls
into your mouth it's just not gonna hate
know what man sent man doesn't matter if
it's people or dogs you can tell them
that it's not gonna pan out but hey
people told me that maybe he's gonna
come in the house one day three dead
squirrels cuz he learned how to use a
gun that's why we need to legalize puppy
guns alright so I have to go get some
stuff but I don't have any footage for
this video but I'm hanging out with me
and today umm do you is that do you
prefer that never do you like me is my
head I was like I never know I'm like
I'm here with rock at face 734 fuck me
anyway Greg his name's Greg um you're
gonna you're gonna you're gonna vlog for
me well I get this stuff for you okay so
talk about you know hoarding stuff now
there's no important stuff if I rise
here anyway he's been a jerk nothing so
let's see cosplay is what I do I love
cosplay um it's just fun to be a dork
and just be a geek and not care about
what people think
cuz do what you didn't want to do I
don't know long as you're not hurting
anyone really murdering people I think
just have fun doing what you want
your camera like totally Tommy like
adjusting the girls here like and I was
like all black man I was just saying it
when we took pictures I was like I don't
know if it's because I'm on my mind is
in a terrible place you have you are way
more innocent because of the backpack I
don't know yeah it's probably just my
brain I'm just a creepy old man don't
mind me don't mind it's okay all right
so I'm gonna give you another ten
seconds there's not that agent
schoolgirl Oh is there not an asian
schoolgirl black out there there has to
be I grew up in a Catholic school so I'm
already messed up for life I already
have like a weird thing I'm like nuns
beating me perfect
so you have to be honest because the
cameras on was a painless or painful no
one else easy it was fun yes
