I can still masturbate and I can still
do everything else in life except have
sex sex or Internet sex or the Internet
why Oh ironic wizard Braulio and I know
I have sex like one or the other so one
or the other forever
um Internet wait Oh what like no sex
ever again or no internet ever again
well what is I can't you use the
internet to find plural can you
masturbate with internet let me ask you
a question when you say sex you mean
just sex with another person so I would
be able to masturbate conceivably if I
picked Internet fuck it's the masturbate
yeah sex or the Internet sex sex the
internet sex oh my god I feel like it'd
be healthier for me to say sex the
internet's my job but the more time you
take away from staring at a screen or
phone the better internet's bad for you
over what was the other that's why
anyone does anything is to get to the
point where you can have sex why does
anyone get rich why does anyone learn
anything to have sex
I choose sex I prefer human connection
call me old-fashioned really really you
could have sex you could have mine yeah
I really don't mind like I'd be really
sad if I didn't bang another person
forever anything but like I could handle
it I think about both a lot I mean the
Internet is also human connection over
the Internet
so I would still you can't touch junk I
mean you can get your old junk can
Trevin another person anymore ever
I mean think of STDs and stuff I don't
know I really like banging it's fun I
really like yeah it doesn't like bad
human that's like warm blooded fangs you
like that's really nice cool
real talk I'm gonna be on the internet
cuz there's all kinds of shit on the
internet you can't get in sex like I
don't know like go on Instagram and get
compliments cuz on the internet you knew
everything you can get a job you can in
order sex you can order sex on the
internet but again STDs unwanted
pregnancy know what you're doing
you're responsible but I'm keeping it
cute I'm keeping it safe
I can still masturbate and I can still
do everything else in life except have
sex - go masturbate
this isn't you're gonna choose jacking
off by yourself on the Internet - no but
it's just like I use it for everything
it's the source of all information you
give up I'm sorry the purest form of
communication with another person the
source of all communicate is source of
all information and it's my job is it's
a Sophie's Choice situation well here's
the deal ah not again anything good in
my life if the internet doesn't exist
okay yeah you know the Internet's so
good like think of all the things like
you can even like your career can I on
the Internet okay I would give up making
jokes on Twitter if I could keep phoning
you know one kid go to Chuck E Cheese
and I get real excited and they like oh
it is all this and then they fall asleep
and that's me but that's the internet
yeah no that's the sex part sex is like
Chuckie Cheese to me is and I'll just
get it out donate sperm and I'll get a
baby though we kind of sex on that yeah
then I go baby did you know that on the
human body the reproductive system is
the only one not essential for life and
health it's the only one we don't need
it's the reproductive system is not
essential for life mm-hmm see this
either right isn't that a contradiction
so you don't need it for yourself but to
carry on life isn't that interesting
ponder that for a second oh that's so
tough it's so tough really not that
tough
it's real tough
it's pretty tough no comment I can't
answer this one yeah my career is more
important yeah and my career is on the
internet Internet I'm really I'm really
bad at sex so what I like China you
choose Internet I'm gonna go with sex
Internet I hate myself for it
I've pondered it and I like sex that's
it
I like firemen sex really yeah I was
like yeah
