hello for those wondering yes this is
what my hair actually looks like when
there's not gel in it and also one of
the most asked questions is Phil what do
you use in your hair and it's this it's
a Hara holic extra stuped molding potti
should not be I always thought it's
about different and now we are pretty
much ready for the show which is
actually something I have to do now so
if you could add and I just sit in the
corner while I do that that'd be great
Oh
secrets secrets everybody love secrets
are you double whispering me mother
fucker double wispy this is this way you
got this this is what happens when your
videos don't get over a hundred K this
is what happens oh my god that doctor
having that angry moment yesterday about
the business calls I decided that I'm
gonna change things around and that that
specific day I walked into the meeting
that normally takes two hours and I was
like I got a lot of stuff to do and
these meetings go for two hours what
pertains to me and I was done in five
minutes and it felt good it was like a
reclaiming of my time and less of my
life I think that's maybe why it's
sometimes good to vent like not not just
keep it in your head just throw it out
there so that you can you can like kind
of throw it against the wall and analyze
it
oh I would I'm a doctor oh shit I could
cook door oh wait 30 seconds god you're
the worst what are you doing god damn it
mother you're playing without me you
stupid little bitch in our game that was
a very hurtful things saying it's 2:00
to 5:00 now and I lost because you guys
are closed up on me and that's the only
reason I lost it's not because I'm bad
at the scheme I really for some reason
want to lick your ear but I'm not
willing to commit to it for the bit so I
take my showers today so you get the
full green so dude Reina likes this lab
coat way too much I think it's for like
really inappropriate reasons there's
like there's like this there's there's
like there's like an air about you and
it's Julian what was that fluently so do
what you gotta do but it Matthew we're
gonna fill me going to the bathroom
yeah do we have an HR department oh you
don't please God no no I like that
you're not like don't be a dick is there
a password oh my god oh my god oh my god
I just got a package in the mail and I
think I know what it is because it's
from Jessica ward
Jessica I'm sorry if I mispronounced
your name I've been pumped about this
for months
well I accidentally turn the camera off
yes yes oh my god isn't that what is oh
it's so fucking it's so cool it's so
cool if you don't know I'm a huge fan of
Mass Effect and I oh and we're gonna get
out right if you don't know jessica is a
cosplayer she's the creator of es que je
shoes I'm gonna I'm gonna put her
information in the description if you
want an awesome pair of shoes I highly
recommend it but you need to go in fast
cuz I think she said it takes anywhere
between eight to like twelve hours of
pair also Jessica I kind of hate you
because I'm stop smiling I hate my smile
well I was trying to go home and then my
back tire pops
and like an idiot because I only just
started biking again I don't have my
patch kit so we're gonna over it dammit
oh there we go shit on the other side oh
this guy's awesome hey there so I was up
Jordan but so uh this is this is an
unexpected ending to this video I told
Jordan I was like I think the video
today is a little short he was like I
have just the thing
Reena twerking and crying which I had to
look at I can't tell if I'm weirded out
by it or it is it's that I'm not gonna
end that sentence here we go you're
doing great
you're almost there twerk it twerk it am
i doing it though that'd be cool you are
am I in slow motion
