well I was filling it sure well let's
see what's happening
that's better all right so now we're
gonna do some voiceover work even though
I'm terrible at it
mwah honestly see you should be breaking
out more because if you look out the
window and you're right you'll notice
the engine is on fire
your face is fighting words no no
there's no such thing as a farting work
there's fighting words videos discussing
the bottom and skull-fuck yeah the would
spot all right so what's happening I've
got three pairs Amarone remember me no I
got it do you think that in the real
world you would either be a rebel or an
imperial sea otter get out of I don't
need four cameras on me right both of
them have a really strict training
regime so in when you're older in the
Imperial hmm there's no safe option I
mean you could but I mean it's not like
it's not like I mean that's are you
gonna be one of the main two that's the
thing yeah gonna be one all the other
that's why I get it I understand that I
don't want all these other people with
powers I want to be the rule of two is
that as soon as it okay so as soon as
your Padawan becomes stronger than you
you have to kill them right but the when
you realize that the Padawan is smarter
than the master then the powder one will
kill them so honestly is it you don't
you don't even realize this it's like
you don't even realize this that's our
relationship
oh you're not the first Oh
so freaked out I was so freaked out
oh my god Steve why the fuck is there a
you Sam it was only Sam for nerd what's
up Sam like I just got freaked the fuck
out I was like Steve don't do it No
you've got so much lip look you've got
some things to live for there's like at
least like a page you've got like one
thing to live for like Star Wars comes
on December bro oh my god I love I was
wearing the FHP backpack - I dunno how
many you've sold
I think I'm sold like 20 or something I
see I thought the only way that it would
actually sell is if I said the if you
sold a hundred I'll let you do Benjamin
Franklin and that people are like now
the only people that have bought them
are ones that were like Franklin and
some people are like I really want
another Benjamin Franklin but I don't
want that and look we just got the lunch
oh hey oh my god - I was gonna say - we
have - it looks like a ball sack we
could have twos like my size Yeah right
it's my balls I like that I like to go
like and I'm proud of it I love this
thing I think it's great it'd be more
sense as a backpack that really is a
lunch marina oh my god how much how much
would I have to give you to walk under
that ladder oh you're not superstitious
what about you wait you guys are oh yeah
I love that you're not superstitious no
he's gonna throw the ball at you and how
how are you able to do this I'm not I
apologize for them I made a bird my eye
was big red oh so I uh I just got off of
a business call business calls and
meetings and all that stuff that's
probably my least favorite part of this
job and the decisions I've made over the
past three years because it's just a lot
of sometimes there's preparation there's
nothing wrong with with preparation and
stuff like that but there's a lot of
just I'm numb and this specific call was
with was with someone that they said
this phrase that I hate and I don't know
if anyone else here hates it as much as
I do but he said you know and I thank
you for your patience and this was the
one time that I just I couldn't just be
like yeah no problem I was just like
what about this conversation makes it
seem like I'm patient this is if you
remember this is like the fifth time
we've had this conversation you also on
this call said you were dated all the
work I did for you last time because yet
you didn't understand the thing you were
doing and accidentally removed all of it
what seems like I'm patient that really
seems like you're a condescending
asshole and that was a very interesting
conversation to have there's a long line
and Starbucks you know that it's really
hard getting a replacement taken for an
airline it's not your fault you know
what no no problem I'm gonna be patient
for you you're just trying to do your
job but if you're just if you look so
bad I think that's why I'll never really
thrive in a big corporate world I I
can't stand the bullshit that rains down
and you're just supposed to
your own umbrella just a deal with it ah
that felt good to get out ah thank you
for the free therapy Internet Vika James
that's where they're kind of bought the
ceiling band us today was a very random
day little all over the place a little
aggravating and I hope I hope you guys
are cool with not just the happy fun
times but booty at girl Phil on that
note I love you faces I'll see you
tomorrow
you
