Amanda Amanda I haven't had a focus on
you yeah Oh does it not does it not
freak you out that they're all these
other like discovery people I think are
we are they installing like cameras no
not they're not installing camera
they're installing software so they can
see stuff right they're gonna buy that
so creepy oh not much opium oh no me
really what he was just like Skynet I
would all of our computers she's
slightly startling dirty well I mean I'm
gonna have to stop doing at least two
things that I normally do here but how
many sites are you not gonna be able to
go to oh like oh my goodness why is he
why is he I'm just I'm sorry yeah no I
heard what you guys are doing this scene
and I got so excited
fucking but you're doing it all with
puppets yeah that's perfect
that's race hey Danny I need you to go
through a range of emotions really I see
you sad now you're happy now someone
just punched beef in the face but then
beef killed them
but now B was going to jail but now you
can go to jail with him for some reason
Steve yes if someone lets say one of
these other guys of your width was like
yo Steve I'll give you $5,000 but I need
you to give me a handjob with that
puppet
would you do it five $10,000 Oh 10,000
cats free I don't know if I could use
this as a write-off
if I can and we're doing it what do you
doing I must tell you jokes yeah
chuckles arena steel I know a perfect is
this five pages worth dissolve mm uppers
so since my day is all about time
management while I eat some Chipotle not
a sponsor but delicious I think it'd be
fun to do a little question time but I
asked you guys on snapchat so I could
also show your beautiful faces when you
ask me the question so let's start if
your next baby was a girl would you name
it Lizzy jr. so I've actually gotten a
lot of questions about what we're gonna
nickname the next baby when once he gets
pregnant and if it's a girl I won't give
that out until Lindsey gives the a-okay
but a little known unknown fact is that
Lindsey actually has full name rights on
the next baby that's that's the
agreement we came to and we finally
locked down on Trey I was like I really
I just really like this name and she
made me agree to that so you know hey so
is there anything that you regret doing
in your career is there anything that
you would change if there is something
that I regret and I don't like to live
in the past or say I change anything
because it's it just it's a silly
thought for the most part like I am
saying that you know I don't want to be
where I am and I am someone that is is
in love with where they are at their
life that said there is a series I bring
it up about once every year or two
it was what was the name of it it was it
was something where it was like myself
and KevJumba I play the dude known as
red hoodie was called a hooking up and
it is easily the worst mmm how do I made
a lot of bad stuff early days it's
easily one of the worst things I have
ever done and but I also can't say that
I regret it because even though I didn't
like the script I thought I was actually
be the other person in it not the love
interest I got so many great experiences
out of it I got to hang out with a bunch
of my buddies in LA for the first time I
didn't live out here at that time so
even with some of the stuff that I
regret or I didn't like it took me down
an interesting road and that's the thing
that you need to get out of life a lot
of the time is it's not only is was it
just good or bad it's what did I learn
what did I experience and how can I take
that to the next step I think if more
people thought like that
we probably start thinking less of what
I change something and more of what can
I do with the information I have I'm
loving would you rather series you
considering carrying on I starting up
the flow buddy again well first I'm very
glad you liked the series and second
yeah I've been thinking about what to do
with the channel I mean I I'm very much
in a sense of like I said I want to
throw stuff against the wall to see what
sticks see if it's it's fun if people
like it but also if I really like it so
an ideal schedule if we do get to one
would be I like something along the line
of like five vlog ADIZ a week and then
over the weekend or maybe Friday
Saturday Sunday that's where the would
you rather is and maybe the excerpts
from the podcast we're working on and
and like the the more orchestrated stuff
and not the just in the life of I think
that that's where I want that to be that
was fun but we'll do it we'll do it
again in the future of course follow me
on snapchat and all the other things but
that said I woke up this morning to find
out that we for some reason got access
to the beta of black ops 3 so we're
gonna do that now look at that
oh I'm invisible this is how you know
that I wasn't expecting to actually
record this because I'm wearing a blue
shirt from a blue wall goes head time
ghost head sounds like what happens when
you get a blow job but you don't realize
it that's that that might be the saddest
of all blow jobs if it is possible for
there to be a side blow job I know
not a great start Oh finally
whoo okay here we go
Oh up holy what the hell okay huh that's
awesome
I feel a little bad for that but now
really it's making this joy
ah that's awesome yeah baby
Gigi but that is it for today's show
