why the fuck isn't working for you what
the fuck I was good I was gonna film
your disappointment and now it's my
disappointment did you even put a new
one in there what the fuck yeah I'll
take that one cuz I stole your coffee I
meant to do I asked about like you whose
coffee this isn't Italy yet Steve's only
Dutch what's salad today - sorry today
isn't that isn't that just like your
thing it's like a brother/sister weirdo
thing yeah but it's like a creepy
brother-sister mm-hmm like like
potential incest creepy or like more
like he makes us read fan fics out loud
about us sexual I don't make anyone do
anything is that at least on camera or
just like just for fun of you you're
like hey hey let's read this thing I'm
like I'm having weird sex with you hey
you should read this real quick oh my
god why my pants are off yeah I never
that it's time for my new addiction oh I
just dropped into a game I didn't
realize I'm gonna be MVP I decided Oh
already MVP
nope not not MVP no what an idiot
Wow also because I'm kind of treating
this blog is a little like ketchup let's
see there was there was a bunch of
weirdness that happened at VidCon
and can we make sweet baby loves with
this then on top of launching these new
backpacks that I have behind me we
launched a bunch of leggings why this oh
that was your go-to I'm regretting it
I'm regretting it also for those of you
that are like where's Trey he's on the
defranco fam channel or on the snapchat
I have both controllers once I have the
third controller I could control the
entire universe or at the very least the
living room okay how much you want the
bubble do you want the bubble tray
ba ba ba ba ba ba
he's teaching me how to how to be
attractive ladies I don't think it's
gonna work though my last one was also
Luke ooh and not fray but I I had to
stick with the threes that's the only
way I can make the snapchat not look
disgusting but just consider this the
first little bit of something and what I
mean by that is I think I'm gonna start
forcing myself to do things that I've
been wanting to do I've been wanting to
do a lot of like the fun bring friends
and sort of videos and we're doing those
but I want to bring you back into my
life and force myself to do stupid stuff
fun stuff other things and yeah that's
what this video is for me
this video is me just throwing something
different but kind of the same but still
different against the wall so the main
point I love you thanks for being with
me all this time and that is it for
today I will see you guys ooh tomorrow
