so I was talking to someone for my
family the other day and they were they
were there just talking and talking
about this this woman that was just
throwing out this juicy gossip and and
all these secrets from this other person
they knew and it was like it was heavy
stuff and at that point I was just like
do you do they know stuff about you like
do they know secrets and and you know
stuff on this level like you're not
worried that that they're gonna talk and
she said no I'm not I'm not and I said
well that's really stupid I mean it's
just it's really really really really
stupid of course I mean you you can
think that you're special in some
capacity but you're you're not it's like
if I was single and I go to a club and I
meet this girl and she wants to blow me
in the bathroom and I'm like this is
amazing even if she's like I never do
this this is like the first time I've
ever done it I have to assume that she's
lying because there's nothing special
about me and that's not me looking on
myself poorly or blah blah blah I'm just
I'm a cynic I'm a realist there's you
know what if that's what you do god
bless you a blowjob in a bathroom that's
a gift that's just a gift but it's
probably a gift that you've given
several other people and hey you know
that's your game that's fine i just need
to I need to understand that in my head
and maybe use protection even though
that sounds terrible ah blowjob with a
condom that sounds that sounds that
sounds sounds terrible but the main
point I'm not special I have to just
assume that's the kind of person you are
it's kind of the same thought in New
York for some reason every is in Italian
and New York acts like they're in the
mob but one of these Gambino as they
said to me they said a Philly just
remember no one ever ratted their way
into the mob and it's actually as as
terrible as that is to say to a child to
go a if you want to get into organized
crime he is some tips right it's stupid
but it's very true a rat surat when that
ship starts sinking you know where that
rats going you do and that's it's just
understanding that you're not special
and people are who they are
that's really it also I hate secrets
secrets are terrible it's no Matt it
doesn't matter it's a fun secret if I
buy you a present I'm giving you that
present in 24 to 48 hours because I'm
not gonna hide it I forget I forgot
where I put my keys five minutes ago i'm
gonna lose that present also i just i
get so excited and then like otherwise
just this thing that I have I don't know
main point secrets are terrible
