no sign of stuff updated for the
holidays let's try and get back to
everyone that we haven't gotten back
yeah yeah I think most of it is actually
just bumping emails too because we've
gotten back to that it's a matter of
like they pay attention to what because
we're leaving in order so it should stop
Joe hey Phil like a lot going on this
morning yes always I got I got some spit
up on me
oh yeah my way people like woods this
woods with the stain I have a three and
a half month old baby I get him and tree
ready in the morning sometimes you just
throws up his breakfast on you clean it
up filler just let it go
I go that's how much I give a shit about
anything pray they'll even do here this
morning Phil I'm okay with the fluffy
unless I'm like in the PDS well Phil you
know today is a special day one Thursday
oh you mean Casper calm slash milady
yes Casper the Brandon that supports the
creative community as well is also
offering via that URL $50 off yeah the
same Casper that has 100 night trial and
if you don't like it you can return it
100% refund yeah no just confirm that
Chester coms last pH I why do you in
spell did I spell it right I hope so
Phil we're gonna battle to the death and
rock-paper-scissors for another mattress
yes aren't you excited I am because
people get free shit we're doing this
you're following me
bathrooms again we have have you
actually like the Casper so I love it so
much that I wrote Casper a letter what
did you write in the letter dear Casper
mattress
we've had our mattress for about six
months now and our experience has been
incredible the quality is unmatchable
with its 10 inch four layer design and
hybrid foam construction all of this
combines to create an exquisite sleep
experience I want to let you in on a
little secret sometimes while my wife is
out at hot yoga I'll strip the bed naked
and just lay on it in its natural
existence I'll gently touch its outer
foam layer with my soft supple hands as
I relinquish in its ozone-depleting
chemicals resent I can only compare its
evocative aroma to a glass of 1945
Chateau Margaux imported from France
sometimes I'll pretend the Casper is a
hot plate and I'll wrap myself like a
bean and cheese burrito you just roll
around until I fall asleep
uh I I don't work on weekends it's
Wednesday
III don't I don't work on Wednesdays I'm
gonna tell Phil anyways thanks for
making my sleepy sleeps the best sleeps
I've ever slept while sleeping some
people sleep on a mattress I I sleep on
a Casper I love you Joe nation you know
we're doing soon right what's the game
plan versus intuition just sensing what
I think you know with like so what's
what's like your motivation then I just
think about being so well rested yeah
that's a good one I'm 32 man that sounds
fucking great so you're gonna win
absolutely
what's a game plan like this so I was
like doing that and stuff what's the
motivation to win good night's sleep
sleep how many hours of sleep to get a
nut last night I got new well-rested
brand new sexy bed you didn't know lose
all right all right dog games you got a
second I need your motivation for
winning this bed was it gonna be he's
focused he's super focused he's typing
bed over and over again on his computer
bed bed bed that Casper bed for those
hands are just moving I will win
thanks James all right Zach I need to
know what's your motivation to win elite
sleep you seen how tired I love college
how many hours of sleep you get I
measure in minutes okay how many minutes
six six minutes cool what do you
currently sleep on a rock I can only
afford one rock where'd you buy the rut
IKEA it's the name is rock but they
bought it with you have you done any
practicing any any skills so you're
practicing like every night in fact for
a long time she's cubed alright cool
great I believe music
you should try it it's great for back
pain I mean giving you back its greatly
giving you back pain you thinks gonna
win
my money's on Zack it's your Redemption
oh maybe I want to lose on the first
round this time yeah what do you
remember
wait who do you think was Danny Danny
and then I'd be Danny right right links
to the final round
yeah listen I just want to be able to
sleep well what do you sleep on them
like a mattress like he was a great
brain like his Swedish meatballs telly
so this has everyone's name on it and
I'm gonna pick two and then those people
are gonna go together and then on the
other two they go together okay here we
go first one up Zach and your opponent
all right come forward
all right here we go
Rock Paper Scissors shoot Oh Rock Paper
Scissors she do the same thing twice
you know I guess of anything even if I
lose maybe you'll win cuz you lost last
let's fucking get this going
one two three - it's just a story
repeats examples um be hard your nipples
are sweet I then we get to go through
this stress again hold on hold on hold
on Phil's here Phil's here
right now whose final spill there's a
final to you in a college started film
started are you guys shooting on paper
rock scissors paper scissors it's a
great one around a new guy you get some
answers and he gets to go I think we all
did not win at the other day that we
realize how painful this has to be for
him because it is new guy vs. part-timer
I don't need to sleep well I like waking
up every three hours air mattress of
nails you don't know my wife
so let me let me say this let me say
this okay okay
James can I have you over here for a
second Danny how does it feel to win
mm-hmm stop that because Merry Christmas
you fucker no seriously I'll make you
real uncomfortable you're badass you're
chained to your desk
you put out an amazing product we all
love the fuck out of you even if you're
mean to us or don't touch that snare
sometimes he's really not if you don't
talk it's really not means people are
like he's not mad he's just busy so this
is why you deserve this mattress I'm
gonna sleep now we got to go buy a new
bed frame the bad news is Joe is gonna
have to go to your parven and film you
thanks Casper out on the Casper Club
yeah yeah can't wait to see your
apartment no we're going to your place
we're going to my place did you clean up
no let's be generous poking angles have
to show things what's up how are you I
really like your apartment it's really
nice yeah
are you excited about this new bed have
one it's great right
yeah slept long matches before Sara I
have actually but not a caster
oh it's so fluffy it's no good to look
at that and there it is lay on it as
appeal over here and feel this foam just
feel it's so fluffy it's so fluffy an
entire bed feels alright guys now you
know we have to do what do we have to do
Joe
yes I'm slow-mo
James how do you feel I feel at peace
you know II like this bit all right Sara
final thoughts final thoughts I'm
actually really excited we haven't full
bed and we are always on top of each
other and now we're not going to be in
your sex life they're sleeping lies okay
right and then James final thoughts
looking forward to sleeping tonight
tomorrow night
BAM want to be like me
check out Casper calm slash Billy Dee
they get that a mattress is a big big
decision
so we'll get 50 big ones off your first
mattress purchase
