someone that's trying to get over
somebody just the benefits I don't want
to be friends what if I was like how can
we be friends with benefits okay I
accept the benefits and the friendship
no need that would have been a more
interesting movie just benefits you gain
it's just a movie about two health
health insurance workers who start
talking so stick with me on this the
idea we're doing here is that I am in
charge of Hell suddenly it's like I'm
down there right and then like this
woman who had an abortion comes in and
I'm like what and you're fine you're
released or you just go to the cool part
of hell just go over there you're
getting a big deal get over there
sorry about those jerks those jerks up
there now you come down in your Hitler
you're Charlie Manson it's like now
sorry bro you're a real fuckin hell
you go over there to the back corner
where all the donut machines are I
wonder of health could I make it good
what would be like do a restructuring
are you kidding me and sort of like one
of those programs like they have in
prison to make it a rehabilitation
program some sort for the people of Hell
yeah and then by the time I'm done with
it it's almost like that's the new
heaven who would rather be like some
peon in heaven when you can be the
overlord of health
hopefully the supreme overlord am I look
literally the supreme overlord of hell
yeah is that part of the question do i
usurp the grand Lord Satan himself am I
in fact the new Satan almost like in a
Santa Claus situation where I you know
knocked him off my roof and now I'm
Satan sure cool
