so someone linked me this morning to I
have a page that apparently has old
songs these are from 2007 I have not
heard these songs probably in at least
five years Wow no this is I haven't
heard these songs in like seven years
I'm gonna listen to them because what's
though it's the point of the internet
except to share the terrible things
here we go hitting play at least I start
off better you know it's gonna go no no
it's true what do you know is true
DeFranco you said you do you like
O'Brien
and it stings when I paint what else did
you give me I'm on the phone and I'm
crying crying because this bitch gave me
VD sugar want some protection protection
protection want some protection
protection section by the way I have
something to tell you Wow I gave you
hepatitis and the whole alphabet you
should have on your protection
why did anyone watch me back protection
section section the yellow lesions in
the shape of the heart does that mean I
love you even though now I need weight
upon my love it must be true don't need
no protection protection protection
protection protection protection oh my
god I feel more gotta take some
antibiotics and it cut down too it don't
matter what I do dr. Phil Oh dr. drew
to get me no protection there's no bad
action no protection like I know it oh
my god that last line to make any sense
but I figure if Adam Sandler songs don't
have to make sense then I can do it to
you bill peace pass Phil you made Adam
Sandler likely a fucking genius
also Adam Saylor at this time was great
what the fuck was that
oh my god uh Wow Wow
dear God that was terrible this is uh uh
so we have another song
there was a node.js is an idiot song the
only thing I remember about this song is
I think I was wearing a sweater vest
when I filmed this video because at the
time I was like sweater vests are
awesome god I'm so scared we got it oh
my space is gonna serve me an ad before
it'll let me play this video okay one
second this one won't play on my space I
might actually have to go to the YouTube
video so one second it's two hundred
twenty two thousand views oh and I was
sponsored by a game called pimps and
hoes that was like I think my first
sponsor ever was 2007 I needed to pay
rent bad Slee I think it might be oh
just go ahead take the bar exam become
his own lawyer and start defending
himself it's gonna be a lunch why do you
talk like that
and honestly I feel bad that's not your
real voice what are you doing nowhere
especially since he came in with that
book about how he hypothetically there
was children I mean uh yeah that it's
hypothetical the into it I read the book
I did it let's get to the song look I
can't handle this right now
I do it all the time sometimes brother
is going into my Bochy who's on trial
again
Wow and once again
did not do it I mean the song which I
love you Oh Jake didn't do it he did it
hypothetically genetically he's guilty
of it technically he's not he's the Vic
of 94 and double-a-c-p knew well I mean
if OD had done it the glove would have
fit - I like I did and he's acquitted
he's just black and strong and if you do
that long enough you'll always be wrong
Oh Oh Jay why do you keep doing this
Fairless party trial JY o j-- a terrible
this isn't a favorite please go down
since I got away but you couldn't just
sit down another day you're an idiot
don't let Marge not over here
mother oh I say you jig in the pain is
near I wanna and you're so bad then you
gonna second
no you're gonna take my shit then you
gonna send Nam and all the fucker I'm a
knight you like Freddy baby could get
much worse
did you like my Turner put your dumb ass
in her son no no I'm done good I just
this is terrible I hate me people hated
me at this time had an okay idea at
least there was one good song there's
one good song that's ever come out from
whatever the hell this was Jesus there
was a song after this that's actually
good and that is uh I made a song called
how I met my girlfriend's hey baby girl
I see you over there and I'll be honest
I'm starting to stare because I'm
thinking about a penis on your face I
have dreams and I have needs in the
number one of those is that I need to
put my penis right there on your face
your hair your eyes ears your nose it
doesn't really matter
where it goes cuz I just wanna penis on
your face
I remember that I stand by that still
got goddamn good song
