oh gosh oh gosh oh gosh that's the
sentence so is that you freaking miss me
freakin uh this one is rusty trombone
oh I've actually heard that before oh I
think I know what that is oh I um ah you
know I still don't know the fuck is it
essentially asked him out can you give
me the sentence oh gosh oh gosh oh gosh
just a sentence so you say you frequent
Miss America Oh Phoebe's rendition on my
rusty trombone last night was so moving
it brought a tear to my eye this is all
misspelled taken directly from and
dictionary it's completely all
misspelled Oh what does that mean kids
used to say that in fucking middle
school does it have to do with a blowjob
I don't know no no what's that oh okay
you should have a trombone up your ass
you jerk off while playing the trombone
I mean it so it's a rim job
yeah ticket to get rim whilst receiving
a hearty reach-around
that's resembling a trombone way I'm not
gonna act it out as I like I played the
clarinet I'm getting to get this is the
thing I don't really know what it is to
get reamed whilst receiving a hottie
reach-around
I have no idea what this is you don't
know that it that's resembling a tumblr
and player full course can you point on
the dole what's happening you get you a
C in and then a fucking I don't want
that shit ever in my life you're gonna
start from the back end the trailer end
hitch and you're gonna lick the B hole
hmm then you're playing the oh now
so your word is dirty gas pump I'm
assuming that someone's buttholes dirty
I mean I'm like reading what this is
that a dirty butthole please tell me
that's a dirty butthole oh my god Oh
someone that doesn't use protection a
lot and could have up to 3s2 eyes it's
not STD because it's not a disease it's
an infection
but no that's not oh okay this one for
sure
dirty gas pump yeah okay this is when
you have an asshole so dirty why are so
gross and somebody takes one of their
fingers and they put it up there and
that charges you just enough to get
through the night I was having a lot of
drawers oh my god okay um sentence
please I know she wants a dirty gas pump
when she insists on paying at the local
Mexican restaurant oh that is fucking
disgusting when I tell you what the
definition is that's fucking disgusting
I'm assuming that yeah it's gotta be
used how is that not a dirty bubble
she wants a she wants him to stick his
chimichanga in her talk up no in her
backdoor taco you owe me at least can
you help me starting off with a simple
tea bagging make sure that her nose is
between your ass cheeks and stuff and as
she is jacking you off you fart as much
as possible Wow now this is just Desilu
what she's paying she wants it and she's
paying for the Mexican food so many
thoughts more heart as much as possible
on her face while she's checking him off
yeah
who thought of that whoo wait are you
saying Amanda may check the screen name
but all right Amanda
yeah that's not real but nobody does
that that's not real hmm you want shit
on your face
it's my shoes if I it's shit you want
shit in your eyes and in your nose like
I feel like I had innocents taken away
from you dirty gas pump
this one is manky racer what manky Rasha
panky rasher manky racer on Anki racer
minky manky is he pronouncing that right
manky racer rasher manky rasher thank
you for that yeah I need a sentence
that's crazy man key ratio he's not
pronouncing ever this is Jewish holiday
I haven't read it yet it's I think I
kind of is it I think Abby is a manky
rusher a little bit mickey hey sure
spell that out for me please
ma and KY too fast m and K wat spate ras
h er Maggie what manky racer nike race
Abby Maggie right sure do you know what
it would mean if I said something was
manky no that's like oh I can't say but
to me that's like that's a word that I
know I would use name is you're British
yeah what's the sentence what is it
way-hey the judgement no I just I don't
know I'm confused
both of us are making racers minorities
I'd eat his shit I think it's shit or
Shiite cuz that's how someone on the
Internet spelled it
you're just a manky rasher oh it sounds
British right that sound British odd I
do shit
you're just a reindeer and what are the
beginning I date is shit
shite I date is shite it's being
personal use and you're just a manky
Roger that's a cycle who over my head
you make irrational OSIS thing yeah so I
feel like you're you're an asshole
you're a cow fucker it's situation I
don't know what you like so much
somebody so much you eat is just
somebody with a filthy mouth who says
inappropriate things a lot make erasers
it's like a fuckin pirate term I don't
know are you making a shirt it's just
somebody with a filthy mouth he says
inappropriate things a lot Oh
why would you just say why would you say
that every person yeah it's like I was
like what like a cow fucker or something
oh
you
