would you rather be the leader of hell
or a follower in heaven straight-up
elite no I got this lunch leader of hell
honestly I look I'm a very good at
issues type guy like it's very hard for
me to even be bad in a video game the
leader all are in heaven what you know
how much fun hell is gonna be yeah but
it's like hot it's hot but we hate being
hot
I hate being hot it's the worst thing
what's to say I'm not currently the
leader of hell nope follower while the
idea of running hell is appealing cuz I
could make it my own
I I don't think I could do I run a
company of 35 to 45 people in any given
time and that's exhausting for a few
years all of eternity but you know all
our friends are going to hell all our
friends gonna be a house so we can hang
out all of us these gonna be a home
everybody I know is gonna be in hell I
want to be a leader and Joe Bowman Joe
the first one hell yeah Bowman do you
want to help wait so does that mean you
lead or I lead I mean cuz you ain't ly
you could lead a sector hell but I'm
leaving the cool safe as long as there's
like video games and Twitter and I don't
know I don't know it's heaven so maybe
it's like softcore porn as long as there
that I'm good
Luisa cave there Louie would definitely
be there he would be in hell - yeah hell
we don't have to agree on everything
that's true we have - we gotta agree on
everything switched Aquifer yes sorry I
should have said mixed yeah when I think
about Hell and I think about like
especially what Billy Joel said about
Hell which was he says he'd rather laugh
with the sinners then cry with the
Saints then I always feel like the stuff
they do in Hell is like the stuff they
don't want us to do in like super
religious religions so like sex yeah sex
drugs fun stuff throwing eggs here so
stick with me on this the idea we're
doing here is that I am in charge of
Hell suddenly and it's strict
Catholicism rules and that's what sent
people to hell while I'm down here it's
like I'm down there right and then like
this woman who had an abortion because
she got raped comes in and I'm like what
and they're fine you're released or you
just go to the cool part of hell just go
over there you're getting a big deal get
over there
sorry about those jerks
jerks up there now you come down in your
Hitler you're Charlie Manson it's like
now sorry bro you're in real fucking
hell you go over there to the back
corner where all the donut machines are
I feel like God would let you throw eggs
in heaven but then he'd be like but then
you be like yeah clean that shit you
know that all right he would devil blood
fuck yeah someone else will get it or
not it would be some bro stain right
what are we not inhaling I think we
should be in hell let's do it again huh
first take swag I told you two weeks ago
we had well we did I'm very worried
about being a bad person I would be the
leader of Hell anyway I hope when I get
to hell I'm put immediately in charge
I'm wonder if I've as a leader of hell
could I make it good what would be
Benwick like you a restructuring are you
kidding me and sort of like one of those
um programs like they have in prison to
make it a rehabilitation program some
sort for the people of Hell yeah and
then by the time I'm done with it it's
almost like that's the new heaven is it
like pious like Catholic bullshit heaven
or is it like Catholic bullshit wait
half a Catholic bullshit have it it's
like oh it's all the good people then
you got to do your halo man stop it what
I'm good Eilish Catholic I don't know
who would rather be like some peon in
heaven when you can be the overlord of
hell hopefully the supreme overlord it
might look literally the supreme
overlord of hell yeah is that part of
the question do i usurp the grand Lord
Satan himself am I in fact the new Satan
almost like in a Santa Claus situation
where I you know knocked him off my roof
and now I'm Satan sure cool
yeah I'll take that isn't that kind of
heaven or is it like the heaven at the
end of this is the end where it's got
like the Backstreet Boys it's a whole
fucking party is it that kind of heavier
is it the other heavy because I'll take
that this is the NF I mean you just
basically want to party with the
Backstreet Boys what if the bat okay I
always say like why is everybody think
hell's so bad cuz I feel like the really
goody two-shoes goody two-shoes guys you
said goody two-shoes so many times that
you have like goody ten shoes well I
just like shoes I have like a whole
bunch of oh ho oh yeah you get down
there and throw a bunch of concerts cuz
all the greatest musicians are probably
in hell all the most interesting artists
are probably in hell you have a big
party like a prize like a homosexual
party well that's you saying that every
gay person is immediately going to hell
I'm just going by the Bible let me be
real clear here I'm not knocking
Catholicism I just know those rules
right it's kind of like how I know DC
Comics
I'm sure Marvel has a whole bunch of
cool shit to but I know DC I know
Catholicism so all the dumb rules other
religions have those people over there
to it likewise you get you know you put
you put what is it you put milk and go
together that's no big deal get into
here you know to be in hell you give a
cool bar go to the Virgin America part
of hell one more time all right next
you
