for everything hey guys this is the
Franco creative behind-the-scenes stuff
so we went to VidCon
this guy did it but we did I mean sorry
and we just wanted to say thanks for
being so awesome at VidCon meeting you
always fucking amazing and we just
wanted to just showcase a little bit of
how much you guys care about him I mean
we know why we like Phil but we wanted
to know what you thought Phil and
SourceFed are awesome we get to work
with them every second it and it's
amazing so we uh we let you have the
camera for a little bit and this is what
happened
oh my god I love coke the Frank dog
meaning he got me through a lot over the
past few years just dealing with stress
and you own self-esteem I mean he's all
the greatest guys I've ever met
they're always funny they always like
bring the news in a way that makes it
interesting and exciting I could watch
their videos for hours just cuz they
constantly are thinking of something
funny to do you know I really just got
here and then you have that baby-making
skills he has traits pretty strong guys
and I'm just like thrown with them as
they've grown and I've always felt like
personally connected to them I watched
her videos every day
because they're awesome and they're
basically the only channel I keep up
with that system why watch anything else
because they give a lot of relevant
current information than they do in a
way to where I don't like spaced out
they keep me interested you're amazing
the way you've evolved on YouTube is the
way I want to evolve in my life and I
love the fact that you are consistently
looking out for people you're all
amazing and I'm in love the things that
you normally would Punk with your
friends but not publicly with anybody
else and it's kind of good to have that
like connection I think I like fellow
and SourceFed so much because they
always seem like they love what they're
doing and that's what makes me enjoy
watching it so much just a big
inspiration they make people feel good
like I've been watching Phil for eight
years and I'm sure everybody else as
Eddings helped me through a lot he's a
great person then the whole crew in
general it just makes me believe if you
happy there's so much crap on the
internet but they they're just wonderful
people when they see them alive it just
makes me feel keeps it real like
everything is just like it's very it's
much less biased actual like traditional
I like the horse said because I've been
watching them since everything started
and I think they're a bunch of really
funny people and they're really smart
and they're really cool I notice me
please sorry well thank you so much for
doing what you're doing it's amazing and
it helps cheer me up whenever I'm having
a bad dad dude you're amazing that like
you have done so much and you're so
successful that it makes me believe in
myself and I thank you so much for that
it would probably be about how the one
card in humanity C burped and breathed
here and that was probably the hardest I
laughed in the last few months so I want
to bring that up of course they're out
of time but so really for cats people
and I wish them all the best
I love your place keep doing what you do
sexy
Phil I love you the best are we gonna
have dinner sometime some yeah
