hey guys something that's been fun about
having you know friends and co-workers
and then meeting new friends to be on
some of these these weird videos where
we ask these weird ask questions is I've
been getting to meet a lot of people and
something that I was doing off-camera
for a while as you know we'll have
people come in and I'll just talk to
them and shoot the shit with them
afterwards and then I said well what if
what if we start filming that one
because I just like talking to people
and to maybe to see if it goes so weird
or well that it'll make me want to do a
long-form cop podcast I've been talking
about doing that so I wanted to share a
little bit of one that I just did
because it was so fantastic and weird
one of our friends cosplayer Luna Lanie
was awesome enough to come in and she
was on like zero hours of sleep over the
course of like two and a half days so we
were both pretty like loopy but we got
from it was one of the most fantastic
weird things ever so I wanted to share
with you so here's that you can do just
look at the last one I have too much of
a gentleman Oh Oh swallow all the way
winner cleaner easy loving screams I
like that it's nothing like related to
the actor like I just don't want to
clean up I would be honest with you the
nastiest moment my entire life was this
one girl
and she used my shirt she spit into my
shirt really now I was like you dead to
me
so what's it like being a 20 year old
girl on the Internet is it scary is it
like super fun and like really safe
feeling alright so can you tell tell me
tell me a secret a secret a secret
anything it won't be a secret anymore I
had a tattoo okay what is your tattoo
okay this is a secret can we see your
tattoo I don't know it's kind of that's
it really it's up to you I have three
tattoos okay
what are they where are they you don't
have to you can okay
I don't know if you can even hold on
okay I have tattoos right there from A
Midsummer Night's Dream okay and then I
have a kiss smart yep right underneath
it on my butt right what is that one's
that mean to you it's sealed with a kiss
your ass is sealed with a kiss or is it
more of a thigh situation
oh the quotes filled sealed with a kiss
hey what's the third one oh no the eyes
went wide I got it when I was 16
from the sketchy oh sorry so your
parents didn't know about this one do
they still not know about this one I
don't know
Oh No is it on your lower back yes yes I
don't believe it that's that's pure 16
like 18 year old tattoo but what is it
it's a bow
I can I can censor anything I can Center
your butt okay okay ready
Oh oh my god it's very low how do you do
this wait did you see it I guess I think
that huh hold on so talk about that we
don't talk about it cuz I was the same
kid and I used to worry about every day
in my hair you know what I will say for
for a sketchy tattoo artists lines seem
pretty straight yeah he was not high and
he gave me kool-aid in a bagel did you
did he get a tattoo in prison you got
tattoo in prison most likely he was like
here's some smokes of bagel on your way
on your way go dude you didn't want to
finish it because I passed out during it
because is that one of the harder places
together yeah cuz known was right there
it's not a tramp stamp it's even lower
than a tramp stamp tramp stamps are up
here it's like a but yeah what would do
it then it needs to be a different name
for it doggy style Stan I mean that's
essentially what it's for right yeah cuz
I try to think of like what would be no
I was like - what no no no I don't know
what's happening I'm being told no but
uh no so wait so you got that when
you're 16 how old were you when you got
the other one 18 okay I went to a real
tattoo shop I just want to see where the
first one was like where you like that
on your body I see that but like where
what the establishment looked like like
it's like a trailer why would you let
anyone in a trailer and
needle anywhere near you I don't know
and he woke up and he had some weight
did he wake up it was like exits a.m.
before school because it was during the
CRC t so I skipped school like a badass
and I went in and he had some random
girl in his bed he's like hon I had to
get her out I mean he like made me sit
on his stool and yeah like wow pull down
my pants he did it
I passed out halfway he wasn't finished
yet mm-hmm
gave me some basil and cooling and you
know that like at some point this was
just this was just a like this is what
how how I have to look at things now is
that was just a tiny little baby boy you
were a tiny little baby girl
and at some point life took him to a
place where he's waking up at six
o'clock in the morning to give an
illegal tattoo to a miner for forty
dollars for forty dollars that's that's
that's his destiny it wasn't that no
what happened is is he family though
now he was pretty young but he was a
artist right yeah who did a lot of Jesus
pictures okay
so it was either Jesus or a bow feel
like if it was Jesus it would freak me
out a little bit just he's staring he's
like you know what you're doing you just
take the wheel
any questions for me what was the
weirdest moment in your life with a girl
my weirdest moment yes I would say
probably when I was uh probably really
really young I was we're starting to
have sex and I was I was very leak to
the game I was I think I was probably
like 18 18 18 19 like everyone around me
was like 15 I think the first time that
I was with a girl and she didn't know
that she was about be on her period and
like there was just blood involved and I
was like okay and then I was like and I
was completely fine with it it was just
like that moment but then yeah then it's
cuz it's nothing yeah it actually
bothers me more when a girl like is
weird about it but I think that's part
usually because she's had a boyfriend
that was like a fucking weirdo about it
yeah yeah true what about you me
the weirdest moment there's a lot of
weird moment oh no no no oh it was a
really weird moment do you really want
to know oh no my Ed's boyfriend huh
he put something in a place he should
metal balls oh he put metal balls
someplace like in him are you him uh-huh
and we had to dress to the hospital but
he told his whole family it was me and
so they're like are you okay
and then I was into some kinky stuff and
I'm just like oh my god I'm not into bad
stuff I just want to throw that out you
just saw that in the middle of
conversation it's like this great coffee
I'm not into butt stuff though justify
judging future boyfriends yeah because
if after that relationship I'm horrified
so basically I go okay what do you like
that it boobs are butt and if they say
bite you run I love boobs myself I like
motors I feel like that's the main thing
that I've learned about you yes big fan
of boobs like super Sonico figurines I
have a body pillow super Sonico I just
motorboat I just like well you met
Jessica Nigri so did you yeah that's
like that's mine whenever she meets yet
whenever she meets any other female
cosplayers she's like boobs any other
questions
hmm let's see did you everything growing
up you would ever be a part of source
set or no I want to be a doctor doctor
what made you change your mind uh I
hated it I uh what what is that
what does that have to do it big a
doctor oh you're just crazy crazy yeah a
little bit everyone in this industry is
somewhat crazy I've met maybe three same
cosplayers and I've met four sane
youtubers indeed everyone's crazy I am a
little people compare me to Harley Quinn
are you done what are you doing it's a
nice pink what is wrong with you
no tears just not I don't know it's
happen I think that's the perfect place
to end this whatever the hell is there
like any final words stay awesome stay
awesome hey don't be a dick actually
that's a great one go ahead someone
today oh they're gonna be like go
Broncos go up to someone be mm-hmm thank
you for being nice thank you for being
human preferable you know this person
boop boop going back to home planet
synchronization three two one
hey if you liked this video you want me
to do more like it give some of that
like love down below hit that thumbs up
subscribe if you already haven't of
course you can also check out the
fantastic luna Lanie and the links below
I'll see you next time
