would you rather fart every time you
orgasm or orgasm every time you fart oh
man I would much rather mmm fuck two
things I've always wanted Oh simple the
second one yeah easy
orgasmic well okay oh man if you could
organism every time you fart
fucking cool it'd be like oh I want a
farty orgasm I wanna every time I fart
buzz me you know orgasm every time you
fart oh my god oh I fart so much so that
would be a real problem for me just
productivity wise I fart so so much I
just hearted cup-a-soup
nope need an orgasm song I know I didn't
cows all for naught I mean I wish I
could have for me this question is
essentially do you want to remain pretty
much the same or orgasm every time you
fart
orgasm every time I fart oh the oh my
god are you kidding kidding how do you
want to be having sex with someone and
you just like here it comes
and then she's just like what you're
coming well he's coming everybody's in
the throes of passion of Ages and every
time you have sex all she's gonna
remember you by is your fart boy what if
I could orgasm without cry is that an
option
I'm gonna say orgasm every time you fart
just specifically because it changes up
the Mexican food game I don't feel
guilty anymore for going atop well I
feel guilty but it's a different kind of
guilty when I go to Taco Bell like I
would eat beans on the ring that's all I
would eat I would just blow it up button
up blow it up button up blow it up love
it like when you go through the Taco
Bell drive-thru you're gonna get that
kind of stare that you get when you get
like lubricant and condoms at like CVS
you could have multiple organs you know
like sometimes on you fart you fart like
five times in a row that's like five
orgasm you should try being a woman oh I
get that all the time
that's the best part about being a woman
probably yes what are you orgasmic
you're alone or you're with someone
presumably that you trust so farting
probably do a big deal I'm gonna pass on
this question you kidding me
I don't like bathroom humor okay knowing
how our office is I don't know if you
know how our office is but it smells
awful all the time everywhere because
not only when it smell fucking terrible
I'm looking at you Ricky and supped it
ah it would suck in zaragoza I fart a
lot though so I'd be like fill in my
pants it would be fucking awfully like
smelling and then you just have a bunch
of people jizzing everywhere like I'll
be jizzing everywhere I fart a lot man I
am a gas Factory I think everybody farts
a lot and if they say Satan now I'm not
I feel like barters they're a fucking
liar that would mean that girl fart
which we don't okay aim every time I
fight I think for every tightly or guess
I don't know with how much I start I got
four a lot like you're fighting right
now I'm shooting right now you can't see
it that's awful only part of that yeah
yeah I do
orgasm thing with farting oh it would
everyone would be a lot happier because
you wouldn't be bloated and full of gas
all the time and then when you relieve
that gas
feel really good about yourself I don't
think that farting every time you come
is that bad necessarily if you're
jerking off no one cares if you're
having sex with somebody and you're
married to them they probably wouldn't
care I think I'm gonna go with the first
one with a caveat that I want to be able
to sort of select and tailor the type of
fart that we're talking about here who'd
want to fart every time the organism
whoo honestly whoo
why why would you want that say you're
lumbering over your girlfriend's face
you're slow jerking it right
holding your balls ever so gingerly you
start to get closer like I'm getting
close I'm getting close and she starts
to plug her nose I mean I guess my
girlfriend already bugs or knows when
I'm doing that sucks to get come in
there I think it would be special if
everyone got two Oreos and every time
they farted so it could be for the whole
world and then it would be normal
La Mina and relationships aren't all
about like orgasms but I mean I guess if
you could orgasm every time you farted
then you might not be honest but I don't
know we would not have wars we would
have something if you're busting nuts
every single like ten times a day you
make your time to go over there come in
and crime atrocities and shit nah you
know why cuz you busting a nut right now
I would I think I would fart every time
I orgasm cuz whatever get over it you
and me part hard pass that's in a good
context and then if you're with someone
and they're like did she come walk me
through this me and then she goes and
then they go did she come I don't know
wait a minute she did you could have
just farted though I like ultimate fate
oh yeah yeah it's just like fucking the
initial reaction here right is far every
time you orgasm they impress I'm in this
relationship with somebody at this point
she's accepted a lot of other bullshit
to get to the point where are you fart
when you orgasm big deal I'd rather fart
every time I orgasm because like there's
chicks out there that are into that you
know there's somebody out there that
like really likes fart porn I'll tell
you right now a lot less people would be
going down on each other if you are
farting when you're orgasming suddenly
we are strictly we're doing hand jobs
and they're stretching out as far away
as you can you're just doing missionary
this is a death of doggystyle right
there but if you orgasm every time you
fart like you're just in Walmart aisle 3
shopping for diapers shopping for
whatever you want to do and you fart and
you just have like a crippling or NASA
waiting line the DM being somebody just
drops to their knees funerals no sneaky
thing you cannot correct you cannot fart
quietly in a funeral anymore
we know how loud the fart is it doesn't
matter because I'm so I'm gonna beat
them so good it won't matter for me yeah
we're out of here I'm real disappointed
and fucking queefing make a partner's
good mix it in and mix right you're
right dude it match the queefs that's
sign I was gonna say science too
