okay hi I'm April O'Neill I'm amazing
are you having a great convention yes so
guys these Comic Con video was made
possible thanks to our sponsor full sale
about edu / Phil if you don't know Full
Sail University offers a ton of online
and on-campus degrees whether you want
game design mobile app development film
and tons of other related fields you
have that passion for entertainment you
want to turn it into a career I believe
in them so much so that a good number of
people I've hired an employee here have
been Full Sail graduates that said here
we go so uh we're headed to the
convention hall did the pds we got the
blog up we got everything done we're
gonna try and see the SourceFed crew and
they're they call them their shitty
their shitty cosplay so we're gonna see
wants to sing a song to me that I sang
on the internet a while ago okay tell me
what is that song coming up my
girlfriend yeah that's the name which
version is the original version or you
can remix the remix
right there on your face
thank you the hands down my favorite
thing to do is just meet people I mean
it's kind of cool when when you go to
some of the parties and you run into
like some people that you idolize but
for me it's just I love meeting people
on the floor that are part of the nation
especially in a setting like comic-con
because if I have I bump into people at
like a VidCon it's like it's like five
seconds of time whereas with something
like comic-con it's like oh we're all
here cuz we're nerds in general it's
like yeah we can pose for pictures
together and sometimes film something
for for your channel or for your friend
for your snapchat or sometimes
voicemails side note I love lifting
people in pictures others side note I'm
terrified when other people ask to lift
me the reason for that though is the
first time someone tried they dropped me
and luckily I caught myself and I really
love comic-con I go I go every year I
haven't really had to report for any of
the upkeep on any of the channels I just
I love I love all the cosplay I love all
the nerdy goodies I can look at every
year I decide that I'm gonna jump into a
new comic book franchise after constant
prodding this year I picked saga
I just want to throw that out there
because so many of you mean so damn much
to me and that's just that's the way it
is even if sometimes there's a group of
a hundred people and then I'm only there
for like 30 minutes and one person wants
me to do someone's gonna take ten
minutes he's damn greedy bastard I'm
trying to get to everyone but I love you
for varying amounts of time you all have
been a part of my life for the past
decade it's crazy but I love it and I
just want to get that out but guys
that's where I'm gonna end today of
course thanks again to Full Sail dot edu
slash Phil they're fantastic and they
also made it possible for me to make
sure all my friends could come to
comic-con with me nipples nipples
