sup nation so we just got to the hotel
I'm just dropping my stuff off we have a
busy night tonight but before everything
gets started I said to the guys that I
needed to get a spray tan that'll be
like my fifth ever spray tan I've been
doing double duty inside of inside the
office I've been getting that vitamin D
so I said it and then things they kind
of laughed but like because they had
never done it and I was like let's do it
together
we're gonna do it as a video that way we
can we can count it as an expense and
we're gonna see we're gonna see yeah
what your experience is like the only
problem is and I kind of haven't also
told them is that we can't take it off
for a long time when you get a spray tan
you're supposed to like wait eight hours
before you wash it off and in the
meantime it kind of rubs off and we have
shit to do tonight so we're probably
gonna look ridiculous tonight but here
we go
all right so how dark you gonna go like
what's the darkest option I think that
you'll and you'll like your legs more
since we we already that the shave thing
yeah
daddy's ready to do this I'm sure your
tinder profiles about don't blow up so
before it happens how do you feel a
little marriage blessing you I think
I'll be good you why I'm doing well
darker
how do you feel it feel like a new
version yeah all right I feel great
put your clothes on I said I want one
shade darker than everyone cuz I have to
one-up them somehow that's it's so that
is the change holy crap
cuz you're as close to that a little bit
like she's like you wanna go one shade
darker I'm like I don't he's like doing
C while it would be very easy to make
fun of you James and I will 100% like
the balls to be to just go for it what
do you think about James's face right
now it really does Ricky what do you
think about James's face right now he
looks like an Italian mafioso oh you're
like hardcore Sicilian so it was so I
saw him I was like I want to say
something but I don't want to be
offensive there's a little Al Jolson
Oh
oh that makes sense
I'm a dude playing a dude disguised as
another dude now you can't do it Robert
Downey jr. gets a pass you don't get a
pass shut up oh I'm sorry I'm not Robert
Downey jr. good you should be because
he's fucking amazing be Iron Man Jam is
behind it that's that's your Iron Man
so it has started out as something that
I thought was like kind of funny has
turned me into the most insecure person
on the planet we're gonna do the Call of
Duty thing and then I'm rushing home to
fix this everyone's been really cool
it's been really nice like so this is
gonna be the moment of truth I'm about
to jump in the shower and we're gonna
see what the fuck my face is gonna look
like for the next few days oh man if it
doesn't go lighter I'm just gonna stay
inside I think the entire Jesus that's
the thing that is in my head right now
like I probably would have actually gone
out but I would hate it at the entire
time
you
