No how are you so good so good right you
know many more days till Christmas
Phil no cuz I don't know when you're
gonna put this video up neither but it's
coming Phil just like that old song
remember that old song Phil what song
called the twelve days of Christmas you
know that song Phil yeah it kind of is
it your favorite song no what's your
favorite Christmas song Phil the
Chipmunks Christmas time is here yeah
oh that's a good one tonight though
alright Phil well I have a surprise for
you today I brought some Christmas
lyrics for you and I would love for you
to kick us off in the Christmas spirit
of singing the 12 days of Christmas bill
all right so Phil you're gonna kick us
off ready gonna be an adventure feel
good cuz people are like I came here for
the city three two one on the first day
of Christmas my true love gave to me a
partridge in a pear
Tree Hill yeah that was actually mama
goddamn angel oh my god alright you give
me one more
feels wrong I said goddamn it's
Christmas time like I normally they
wouldn't feel bad about it but it feels
extra yeah it's okay you want another
one yeah I like variety fills no that's
the take you get all right fill one more
time I know you have it in you on the
first day of Christmas my true love gave
to me a partridge in a pear tree
oh that's the tank you get on the sixth
day of Christmas my true love gave to me
six geese a-laying that was read to me
seven why'd you stop okay I'm so gay
well we're done let's just go over this
we're on the same page you like can you
sing like especially high you wanna sing
high missing what no no on the seventh
day of Christmas my true love gave to me
seven swans a-swimming six geese
a-laying and a partridge in a pear tree
my true love gave to me eight maids
a-milking seven swans a-swimming six
geese a-laying and a partridge in a pear
tree no ready
okay so already my true love gave to me
okay everybody there what I got I'm good
tell you get four calling Birds three
French hens version do you want to only
80s metal do you want rap
seven swans a-swimming
hey guys we're gonna sing like the
eleventh day of Christmas my true love
gave to me Christmas my true love gave
to me
twelve drummers drumming eleven pipers
piping seven swans a-swimming six geese
a-laying twelfth day of Christmas my
true love gave to them guys do not look
at oh man
didn't taste up you know 12 drummers
drumming
