today I want to talk about pet peeves
things that are or things people do that
just piss you off and they might be
legitimate and they might be petty but I
was very interested because I have tons
of things like this so I decided I have
to ask the people I work with friends
that come through the studio like am i a
crazy person it turns out yes but so is
everyone else oh my god how much time do
you have oh wow
so many oh my god so many I hate people
that's my pet peeve is people people
that stand still on the escalators
Uli's move to the right why don't you
get off and go to the fucking right of
the escalator yeah dingus just get to
the right hmm I hate people who don't
zipper properly in traffic when you're
like merging into a lane and you have
right lane left lane right lane left
lane and you have and then some
motherfuckers like left lane oh maybe
I'm in the left lane maybe I should go
ahead of that right lane fool if you're
coming to like a callow blocker so tell
them it's not a crosswalk and like
somebody like kind of sees you like
you're like like they're crossing the
street
and they're like and like you know and
then you slow down to stop so they're
like oh oh my god you caught me so
instead of like getting across the
street with a hook and then they shut it
down I'm like tank they're fucking time
oh my god running over I wanted you add
the right away fucking kill if you
change lanes without putting on your
signal
uhm I've secretly wish terrible things
on you and everyone that's related to
you mouth kisses with people that are
not your significant other I'm gonna
understand that in some cultures that's
great and some families people do that I
never grew up in a family that was mouth
kissers so it's very very weird for me
when someone comes up and tries to mouth
kiss me I always people that get like
easily offended and I get so offended by
everything especially online when
they're like oh what you've done so
offensive and I'm just like I understand
having there's justice you know and
there's things that in the world that
shouldn't be like that but I think some
people just need to chill out a little
bit and put everything in perspective I
try not to allow things to offend me my
pet peeve is the patriarchy and a trite
youth activist yeah I don't like
styrofoam when someone rubs styrofoam
I don't like balloon oh my god um if you
come after my intelligence or you have a
book cup immense right Zach
is holding a balloon there's mine oh my
god anybody at the airport if some
reason there's always something in front
of you like I have to take my shoes it's
like have you been fucking in a goddamn
tube since 1999 yes you got to the
terrorist one we need to beat them on
this shoe business if you text me the
wrong your while you are while you
apostrophe re you can go from the most
attractive person I know to a hideous
swamp Goblin immediately if you if you
spell um
loser with two O's I hope you die that
should just be the next stage of
evolution just to wipe those out long
fingernails on guys I don't know why but
it is me out so much like I hate when
guys have long fingernails dirty
fingernails I hate them if a guy's a
long fingernails then I just like their
stuff they like dirt underneath them and
like I don't want you to touch me
especially like touch me touch me dirty
fingernails it's like there's so much
bacteria that just gets stuck on there
they're there for you honestly to me it
just looks like you don't take care of
yourself because you're not washing your
hands you know when you okay let's say
you go into the mall right you gotta buy
a new shirt cuz try to look fresh for
the weekend Asians are there I support
it every time I try to say something I'm
sorry okay I'm actually working on this
and therapy right now I cannot stand
certain sounds like the sound of a straw
in a plastic cause I don't like
styrofoam on styrofoam you know when you
take sari from out of like like you got
a computer you get like new okay yeah I
can take it out inside it makes me angry
like physically angry and I am not a
violent person but it makes me want to
punch something okay so do you ever get
like kind of weird when like weird
papers touch each other Oh talking about
I once
um scratched a textured piece of paper
and I wanted to bite my fingers off of
my fingers
don't interrupt this tailgate when
you're going to mop but you haven't
gotten into them all yet alright so you
open the door and you're trying to be a
nice person so you let the people walk
through and they don't fucking say thank
you that doesn't bother me at all
doesn't it what it is about it's shut it
but I want to chase that person you want
to tell you what written down and just
say thank you who was in the door
I don't like when people say what's that
worth everyone says you're regardless I
don't like that that drives me crazy oh
and when people don't spell Wookiee
right it has two E's on the end W oh
okay I see II don't even get me started
on Kashyyyk
that's even worse but that one's like
itll oh my god you don't have to know as
well Kashyyyk but wookie you're texting
somebody and then they call I hate that
like I didn't want to call you like I
didn't want to talk to you that's why
I'm texting you and they text me and I'm
like are they calling me and I'm like
ignore then I have to wait a whole
thirty minutes to even pick up and be
like oh sorry girl I was doing something
like this goes to all you iPhone users
out there alright don't enable the red
text messages thing on your phone unless
you're gonna reply within like five
minutes because I know you read my
message and if you're gonna sit there
for 45 minutes after reading my message
and not reply I'm gonna be a little
angry with you just disable it so I
don't know if you saw it or not I'd
rather not know then know that you hate
me people who feel like they have to
fucking talk all the time
if I have nothing to say I'm not gonna
say anything I'm not gonna force a
conversation it's awkward as shit you
like forcing conversations you feel like
you're talking about me when I'm in the
room no I hate having to say hello all
the time hi how you doing I hate asking
how was your weekend you're the one that
comes into the office screaming oh I
like saying hi to Reena other than that
oh my biggest pet peeve without a doubt
is chewing and slurping noises people
chewing with their mouths open oh people
who suck on their teeth that I cannot
there have been multiple guys that I've
been on first dates with and I'm just
like this will never go anywhere because
you chew so loud you know it kinda like
crawls in the air in your spine like
this yeah nice place it's like bugs get
in here like you hear wait cause I'm
like oh my god the teeth thing it just
the sound makes me cringe like the hair
and the back my neck
I even have hair in the back minute it
is actually a clinical like
psychological disease or something it
has a name I saw it on tumblr just close
your mouth
just
dudes taking selfies dudes taking
selfies is one of my biggest fucking pet
peas ever like they always take the same
fucking selfie it's always like douchey
it's fucking phase in the law nobody
wants to see your stupid face those
there's a reason why we're cool with
chick selfies and it's because you know
they look cute right
but dude selfies is just like you and
your fucking weird ass eyebrows and
you're just like fuck off dude when
people say supposably
instead of supposin yeah a lot of people
say supposedly it's weird that's not
right you guys know that's not right
right that's not as adi in there there's
a D also I don't like it when people say
caramel there's another a caramel oh
wait choking God look also crayons not
Kranz well you're fucking people say
crayons
yeah that's what they say I hate when
people lie and everyone's lying oh you
know everyone's lying I find an
exaggeration to be a log yeah
everything's a lie um yeah view lies to
me all day long
I'm telling great stories though so who
do you really want Aang out with will
experience something together and then
we'll go talk to someone else the Gabi
will relay what happened I'm not if it's
true maybe thirty percent of what
happened is what damn you do you want to
listen to the fun person or the boring
truth if you liked this video be sure to
hit that like button subscribe for more
videos like this in the future if you
know someone that has a pet peeve that
was mentioned here and also let me know
some of your pet peeves in the comments
down below
