so I sent Jordan out this morning to get
60 or 80
there's 84 84 Cap'n Crunch bytes because
I wanted to do a taste test but I'm a
big believer and not making people do
something I wouldn't do and also if I'm
gonna do something so to share so we're
gonna we're gonna try and see if they're
amazing we're terrible even if they're
amazing they're gonna be terrible for
you it's gonna be a bad thing
let's go mom do you want to try one oh
yeah it's a cap Cap'n Crunch it's sweet
yeah come on well you want to get on
this yeah come on just just come on
that's the whole point if you don't
think it's gonna be good taste it Oh
like a drip come on well I wouldn't say
come on when this is Joe come on I will
how would you describe it as a good bad
know that I need it if I was real sad a
little thick a like this residue now
let's let's go let's go ruin Steve's die
robot Steve Steve before I see what you
like Christmas what do you call this and
crunch bite Captain Crunch bites I need
okay I'm dying I'm going into cardiac
arrest
oh my gosh is it great did you try one I
haven't had it yet yeah you guys with a
bullet in you that's good get in and
Rick breeze done you know Bree doesn't
seem like a bed it's yeah is it cuz it
like just surprises you when it's a clue
I mean it's just like goopy look at that
hey look like it's not our boy Oh
oh my god you want too much yeah we got
like a TMI careful
hey mages you're terrible at selling me
I need to know if they're good bad
terrible what your thoughts are it's
definitely everyone just keeps keeps
referencing jizz Jordan is not a fan
it's an awful do you put the whole thing
in your mouth
yeah because we've been watching people
like this is all over there and like a
hard texture with like a gooey inside
like toaster stretch so enjoy your tea
oh look at the just not happiness
it is like day-old toaster strudel cream
we check the footage I've already said
that like like toaster strips
yeah a big name so nose nose nose nose
you know is a room full of nose let's uh
let's bring it to some more people on oh
wait so we have we have genuine
happiness over here
so oh my god the face is amazing oh wow
it's over gone septic tasteless we gotta
see if it crunch fight I didn't know if
they're good or bad oh that's it young
no they're not really so he's fan 2 fans
it's so fuckin split I don't know why
people like him
mmm maybe awesome a coffee but no hey no
no it sounds like if it tastes like it
tastes like like good Captain Crunch
that they messed up yeah a lot of
leftover serious like we gotta get rid
of it somehow that's that I am gonna eat
the restless breathless on on probably
half the office has we drunk there
what tastes like okay it tastes like
cereal shoved into their normal simmer
Bart's oh yeah I really like sweets
right fresh from Taco Bell what OH
I touched it yeah they have to take it
what what you it's hot oh there's really
warm this is okay let's taste like
patent crunch oh no I'm hot Terry the
toucan or whatever is all over its at
someone magazine on that looks a lot
worse than it take seriously you buy
this no no no
