sup guys these blondie is brought to you
by Full Sail about edu slash Phil
wholesale of course fantastic place you
want online or on-campus degrees in
media for let's say game design mobile
app development film many others I trust
them so much I have hired Full Sail
graduates so we have a passion for this
you want to jump into this world go to
Full Sail about edu slash Phil one for
yourself and to so they know I sent you
that said today's video is another
mishmash because I've been trying to
catch up on all the vlog stuff so ladies
randomness starts at e3 and of course
Hooters is of course Hooters oh hey
there's me looking sad again hey why you
so sad look think of it this way you
always got a really good angle
I'd even think of that so we are
hooters Jackie James
audrey has served
so Maine said that she can be on To
Catch a Predator and to prove it she put
on pigtails oh man there's so many like
dudes probably questioning themselves
right now like why they're not allowed
to have that little girl what do we say
without nevermind I can't play along
with this sounds like a fucking terrible
for just going to let her keep doing
that and then black James's face don't
do that with your head that's wrong
kids died
Oh looks good
because I'm an egomaniac I asked more
people with their favorite thing about
me was what is your favorite thing about
me so far do your eyes circle in their
like sky animal eyes anime girl eyes oh
I can't hesitate like just there most
people they're like well let me think of
my own oh man I'm gonna I don't have a
biggest ego for like the next 18 okay
thank you done your job by then well you
might have already seen the shaving
video where a bunch of us shaved our
legs you didn't see a man his reaction
when she found out she was going to get
to shave editor James's legs
just been filming the entire time you
crazy person so I just you know what you
can't even tell it money on so you can
tell me okay you're shaving my legs can
we get a shot of him oh we know the
girlfriend's coming in town this weekend
it's only up to the nails I think I
think HR intervenes above the kneecap
average Americans and their was well cuz
why not oh really
eighty flip sing a song about it man
here it goes nobody actually wore those
Jazzercise costumes the citizens just
started this is as good as it will ever
be recognized is it working people still
my Michael Jackson and don't make fun of
them yet Oh Jay hasn't done that thing
he's definitely going to go
also when people say I don't know what
I'm gonna see when I turn the corner
that is a legitimate thing here one
second I have to make fun of these kids
we're trying to better themselves oh hi
guys I love your form guys come on you
got it you got it oh yeah feel it feel
the burn
this is just happening next to you you
just you just chill with it no just this
weirdness oh my gosh I didn't know him I
gotta say though like Sam's got a kind
of intense Raina has the most intense
face that's ever existed will said that
if he went over there and smacked you in
the face you'd like it that's a that's a
new sound bite for the end of my show so
thanks for watching like it well so that
wasn't even the weird thing I was
talking about I don't know what you know
more Oh No
what what's up salsa well I'll make out
the hell with that
wanna oh no wait that's how you make out
a girl that's true oh boy your mouth
baby yeah scuse me
oh wow
Wow when will
that's how you know it's about
there we go
hey rains you're gonna be my thumb oh my
gosh how did you get this
what oh this is us reading it okay how
do you think I got a random shot of you
what do you mean the when I pointed the
camera I realize it was already
happening today yep
that happened I gotta be honest with you
I when he showed me I thought he was
like it was like part of a joke I
thought it was definitely part of a joke
these look like these are not a joke you
see the coolest looking shoes I think
that someone could pull it off but I
don't think it is you but how much are
those shoes I honestly don't know
imagine probably too much too stylish
shoes let's play game I think they are
450 I think they are $699 know where
they their name is their neighbor the
name is so stupid it has to be okay so
it appears as though previously Hey Oh
how'd you get the exact dollar no I
gotta fly shut up yes thank you Anna
what's the karate-chopping about it's
just first of all races oh just getting
good Lily wait just so you know how
could you say you're doing something
that's ghetto and then immediately
60 seconds later call someone rain
freezes I don't know it's just sometimes
we're out of cheeks all rub-and-tug
imagine how much that would like your
bang Elson ancient if you like subjects
new shoes i hit that like button if you
hated those new shoes hit that favorite
button have you filled that inside for
share me on twitter and facebook i said
i want to once again thank you sponsor
of today's vlog at a full sale dot edu
slash phil be sure to subscribe to this
channel my goal is to eventually get
enough stuff for monday to friday video
