sup guys today's laundry is brought to
you by dollarshaveclub.com / vlogging
Dollar Shave Club of course a fantastic
place we get raises delivered to your
house doctor cata shaving products also
butt wipes which are described as
peppermint infused and it makes me
wonder uh Laver smell well there's only
one way it's technically two ways to
find out but a messy way is to go down
to shave club.com / vloggity that said
here's today's completely unrelated vlog
so today I'm about to learn how excited
aren't you yes uhm for the people that
that might leave this video because they
do not want to see me in this way where
can people find more of you um more on
my website at lena vamp calm and you
were not gonna want to miss this trust
me oh god alright so III jokingly said
what sexy poses can I do my go-to is
instant there's a camera in front of me
someone saying be sexy what do I do
and you said you're gonna be the top
five I'm gonna I'm gonna try to give you
the top five easiest sexy is kind of
like back to the camera alright and
that's the hair flip so it's gonna be
easier for me because I actually have
the hair but you can you can work on it
and then you just I just kind of go yeah
there you go oh yeah yeah you got it
so like what the next look yeah ready
countdown hey ready one two three
that's good that was good that'll be
okay number two I think we should go low
for these so we can go get on your knees
and you have to stick your butt out what
should I get this I can see so you stick
your butt out stick your chest out
everything boo
and kind of like Archer oh wow that's
your back you are you like here huh
sighs oh my god
no I could bend like that you need to
sit like touch but in it so okay put my
back to it see it shuts down it once it
feels really uncomfortable that means
you're doing it right I like here I
visit you got it and then of course
naturally you open your mouth just I
didn't have to tell you that right you
knew that just what happened yeah it's a
very receiving hose all right just clean
grapes my servant I think I'm doing it
better I I don't know okay I think you
do like then this hey what is okay oh so
I'm like yeah yeah you should go that
way
oh wait I'll do it wait wait okay wait
this way well I mean you have to put
your ass to the cameraman if you want
that's everything that's better than I
thought this one I'm gonna try because I
don't know if I can even do it oh so
like this oh wow okay I don't think I
have any course you can I don't want to
get another don't I get a shirt biggest
of just wearing this hoodie
oh my god and then you grab your blower
back there you go it's you so here we
going wait I'll try the bachelors
exactly um I do this um and then it's
usually shot in from the side so you
like turn your head to your right wait
so what things do you think at this
point I'm trying on below um it's like a
pinup you post like a sexy yeah there
you go
haha this is nothing to do with modeling
but I just like whoa okay holy God
there's no way I can help you you could
do it oh yeah yeah uh this is my lower
back is I we asked earlier how old is
old I feel old
we're officially old now if you really
want to be a model you have to go
through this this is like the key once
you can do this you're in all you're
gonna do it's super easy just okay I'll
do it slower oh yeah thanks oh right
here right here and then this one and
then around I see where I did it wrong
when I'm gonna work on it off-camera
like what second I could do this and
there's a crack yeah don't hurt yourself
well thank you very much you availa I
think I am never gonna be a model not
because of my looks for any other reason
but mainly just because I can't do that
like I said you practice I'll check back
with you next
No and now we're gonna go to sleep
control guys I hope you enjoyed this
random video also thanks again to the
sponsor of today's show
dollarshaveclub.com slash vlogedy if you
find out if it's more of a taste or a
smell thing let me know if you get that
like button be sure to subscribe because
we're posting videos on this channel
more and more and more okay bye
