well yeah if you were to ever break up
with a girl how would you do it I'd say
it's not you it's me
because that's definitely how it's gonna
be every time it's always gonna be me
I'm admitted I just know every if I ever
get a girlfriend I'm gonna want us in
I'm me the one that ruins it I'm gonna
be I'm gonna wake up one day and be like
I love you anymore sighs have you ever
loved someone from the outside and then
it just one went HL Gabriel have you
heard I don't know who that is you
function miranda cosgrove yes iCarly
oh my god but have you ever fallen out
of love with any of these girls for a
while miranda cosgrove I was like yeah
but then I'm back on love is beautiful
you don't know got a wife ya know I love
this try to love in 2015 is hard
hershberger usually you have a side of
my face I did I I don't know I'm awkward
sometimes it's so this is this is the
set of my new show where the big
question what what's the best thing
about philip defranco what's the best
thing about selling for Frank out is
that he's so cute on camera oh that's it
feels like it feels like you just you're
hit you bashed me it with a compliment
like really it is funny why not as small
in camera no I just feel like you're
especially photogenic thank you that's a
nicer right what I meant to say there's
this video evidence attacker we're
agreeing we have a formal agreement I'm
giving my consent
I'm so scared whatever the color mm-hmm
with these ladies do less I will cut you
that's what full of different got that
to me before
right before I think I saw Bowman do
this was some of these I know he's gonna
get angry that I used his name with such
a piss-poor job worse look at the world
we really disruption this a lot better
on camera
like maybe Nightmare Before Christmas um
it I can't tell if it looks cool or it
looks like I attack don't kill me I'll
teach you SourceFed oh my god hilarious
Oh
Reina oh he broke his glasses oh yeah
when you first met me just a moment ago
what were you most impressed by so many
things but it's hard to pinpoint one I'd
like to say you have very dewy skin
maybe because it was like a hundred
degrees outside do a lot of people go
after that dewy look I don't even know
what I mean I've been doing pretty much
like sweaty oh my girls go after like
the glowy dewy look but you've had it in
a positive way no I just was saying like
if he really wants to get crazy with
like a makeover something to really just
make his eyes pop like no one's going to
miss that I have pepper spray with me so
like it would just decide they would
grow like four times the size I that
part of me is like maybe would do no I
don't need the views that bad you give
me a year give me a year when it's all
downhill for me what happens if you just
put it like on your hand doesn't it just
it said on the package you don't let it
touch your skin if it does Tetris and
rinse for fifteen to twenty minutes yeah
well they have like neutralizer and
stuff my kidnapper has the neutral
weight I want to I want to make sure
that you see me like this will oh my god
oh my god oh I kind of like this Oh what
does that mean you know what in a club
with the right lighting yes i hook up
with me oh sorry I I needed to get
something for her brilliant hey Danny
beautiful actually yeah
good buzz your lips quickly
Jerry kind of doing good challenge hey
guys alright time I actually can't told
your emotion is right that's your really
it's good hey what gives you you just
like you're looking on shore I'm in over
my head jump sure the man dad will make
you what no unite a crisscross man not a
Chris Rock he's like yeah yeah yeah like
he's a cultures like that play down
mismatches I'll be honored I have a
Playboy Mansion for take off my fuck
yeah
oh my god
that's a cuticle a look at the face of
joy just pure childlike boy I love it
baby ten right try to vlog
you know what around you guys I don't
feel that bad especially you Charles Oh
why's that
keyloggers right won't you have one yet
cheese wrap the show just just might put
it on the front lawn
Kevin what strong words you write haha
alright my nuts are sticking to this can
so why don't you now you gonna do this
sensible decidable just eyeball it turn
the Sun there we go here it is
oh wait oh yeah that's what it is
and then so from his crotch he sprays it
onto Stephens face my party penis that's
it yeah just like I'm just like real
nuts Oh shitty hey go straight oh all
right I'm gonna stand up straight and
give us a bulge why'd you put them in
the fridge and there's Nicole
that's the challenge that's the
challenge
Katrina let's go ten said you could try
and put it in
