so nation it is ads very early in the
morning I got to the office around like
six o'clock and I wanted to talk about
Pixar I went and I saw inside out
yesterday and I knew I was gonna be but
ended up being like the 29 year old man
in the movie theater that was crying for
the last 30 minutes and I'm like that's
why we need sadness it gives us them
pussy but it's not it's not just most
Pixar movies like we won't even let's
not talk about the cars - out there in
the world like let's inside out up stuff
like that like it just it cuts through
me Pixar knows how to cut through me and
it's not even just like long lean stuff
it's a they have a short in the
beginning of the film it's like five and
a half minutes um there's no reason I
should be invested in anything but I end
up being super invested in this fucking
short and I I need to walk you through
my emotions because it's not like I walk
in the theater going like I want to cry
so I'm gonna I'm gonna play this song
and I'm gonna go I'm gonna I'm gonna try
the best I can to give you like an
example of how I go through this way
alright okay it's opening up oh it's
like I like this music why is it why is
that giant volcano have like a big happy
smiley face uh-huh
I see that I could use some time as well
by myself oh I get that I'm lonely too
man I get it please you gonna sing
what's your dream buddy oh it's gonna
happen oh I appreciate that pun I
appreciate that
oh oh a time-lapse how long is he how
long is he by himself
I'm just singing for all these years
okay yeah someone's drowning so this is
gonna by himself okay
sexy lady volcano buddy you've been
wooing her for years
oh so she just had this hope for years
and I can wait for her to meet you
oh no but you got it you got to sing
hard but I don't think you have the
energy buddy you got you got you a
louder oh come on please please please
please please please please please
please yes all the lavash it sexy lady
sexy lady volcanoes above the water oh
no you can't see him cuz she's looking
the wrong way oh my god
Cushie specially jutted to the surface
you displace water and now the waters
above his mouth he's drowning in his own
tears and he can see this thing that
he's wanted the entire time but heshes
been there the whole time if she's had
this hope the entire time and she still
has it there's reason for you to hope
buddy you've never really been alone man
it's okay it's a yes her lava from his
lava yes they're together oh thank god
I'm so oh Jesus Oh
but those dreams what can you say now
you guys got each other
and tears and tears and tears of dairy
Pixlr I love you if you haven't seen the
movie is worth it is short before it's
worth it uh we all just want somebody
just make us feel something for us to
make someone else feel something so that
we feel something I love your faces Obie
have a good day
be sure to watch the new PDS and also
I've been posting a bunch of videos this
week go check it no frozen get out of
here frozen
