so today we got an awesome
dollarshaveclub.com /blog these
sponsorship they've been huge supporters
of this channel somehow don't know at
this point the fantastic place to get
awesome blades on the cheap delivered to
your house so easy ranges from the $1
blade to the $9 executive that I use I
always love recommending them to the
nation but I thought let's do something
special for this one surprising number
of ladies from the nation have signed up
using our code saying they use it for
their legs and I was like hey that
sounds like a terrible idea let me see
if I can get some guys in the office to
shave their legs for the first time but
also in good conscience I can't have
them do something that I wouldn't do
myself so I'll do it as well so let's do
that so uh how should i how should we do
this I need a high wet and then lather
not enough water what are you doing what
I don't know how this works
I won't I won't need to know how to do
it because I have the shave butter do
you promise not to cut me you don't make
it any promise there's a lot of trust
for someone I just met an hour ago
wait are you going against the grain
well you see you as you watch for men's
faces yes but four legs you shave off oh
my god it's a terrible decision hmm what
does it feel like Phil oh yeah it feels
like when I'm shaved other parts of my
body he gets cold and it starts to grow
in yes
what yeah see I was really doing this
for equality that's why I was doing it
guys just so you know I'm super
regretting this not not the actual shape
job just like having no hair here did
you ever think you'd have two girls work
in you hey I got a little excited
we disturb me oh yeah women oh no circle
around it yeah well I'm definitely gonna
be wearing jeans for quite some time
do you like what makes I got sure but
it's oddly therapeutic worse you're
fucking like Sanders yeah Vanguard
Shauna Shauna sir three great great look
I've never seen my leg without hair how
about you boy I have and I like it okay
I think I should sigh oh my leg hair
look at it okay so some of the market
she's a pro what are you're having here
bro look at the make shapes make wait
how do you breeze that while you're
doing it to know I will do one thing
that's kind of fancy imma Chavous feeds
Oh
oh my god no more mathy you don't like
weave hair that's so cool we got to
Steve what is this feel like I don't
know man this is really weird really no
I mean this is it's fine I mean I'm not
like getting off on it or anything is
that what you're asking and again do you
want me to try okay good keep going oh
right by that ankle bone yeah whoa look
at these brands getting fans you're like
big bird I wish you enjoy it's like big
birds can you do the other one where do
I put my penis this is my first time
it's weird because I didn't think that
you could shave that part and actually
is quite soothing and there's my third
orgasm look at this hold on a second
wait wait
big birds coming to town hold on Keith I
don't know if you notice this but I've
got my pinkies got a little bit of a
soul patch going on there I don't you
see it
so hot gross did you finish off your
hair yourself oh do you still have it oh
my god and it not wear shorts this week
I have you okay so no one's knowing that
wasn't there that y'all shit that what
was their reaction
your legs are they still itchy I saw
your text they're so bad I say only see
the light I got already poking back so
do you think you'll ever do it again
no why would I ever do this did you feel
like you learned a lesson yeah a lesson
I didn't mean to learn what was that
don't shave your legs Schwimmer that's
fine how is it now over the weekend with
your legs well I went ahead and I
finished the deed on the other leg and I
no longer have the fancy stripes super
fashionable stripes but I don't know man
I still didn't go above the knee
oh you didn't I've got like hair short
apparently I went a way higher than I
had to I didn't realize that do you feel
like you learned anything I learned to
not do things on windows so that
happened last Friday it has now been
three days of living with it I have to
say I'm not a fan it has given me a
greater respect for women who do shave
their legs that is a time commitment and
while women around the office were right
that it does feel amazing to put lotion
on my legs and rub them through the
sheets and oh my god no it's not awesome
the hair poking back through my leg
feels like a bristle pad never again
once again I want to thank the sponsor
of today's vlog dollarshaveclub.com
slash vlogedy if you haven't subscribed
to this channel yet be sure to hit that
subscribe button you enjoy the video hit
that like button if you want some more
check out these beautiful videos as
blogger type goodness fun with friends
and of course the weird asked question
videos
