today's question is would you rather
save a small African child you will
never meet or have a real working
lightsaber whoa whoa why would you make
me choose from that that's a brutal
question that is so harsh light saber
easy Oh number 100 why do those two
things have to be mutually exclusive
from each other
I would actually 100% save these small
African child and before you're like oh
it's cuz feels a good person it's not
it's the fact that if I get a real
working lightsaber I'm going to
accidentally murder myself it's not that
unrelated with me because I was
literally hanging out with African
children like three days ago to say I'm
gonna say an African child I would
rather save and ask your child that's
pretty heavy I can't believe anyone
would say lightsaber obviously the
lightsaber the lightsaber have a working
lightsaber neither of them lightsaber
for sure one of these is gonna put me in
jail so he's already starving and I but
I and I don't get to meet him and take
credit for it give me a working
lightsaber every time I could in my
personal life with the amount of money
that I have saved the life of a starving
African child so can I like have the
lightsaber and then do that on the side
yeah you help the stranger Rick that's
oh my god that's so not acquit Sam and I
are on a different moral compass I mean
there's a moral compass there's one you
have like okay you have a kid on a table
and a lightsaber on the table and either
you're going to destroy the lightsaber
you're gonna destroy the child I'm gonna
pick the kid like I'm not a psychopath
all right I'm a human being but I'm also
a pragmatist all right so like there's
got to be some kind of deal we can
strike well how many people can I save
with the lightsaber what if I get the
lightsaber and then I become a vigilant
you can just get a gun that's true why
would I want to live I kill people
I would totally just slice people up and
I would be so excited about it you look
bad there but what that looked like you
know hardly what if I could save a lot
of people in the city using the
lightsaber
and just shoot them with a gun you could
definitely become like a crazy badass
warrior and you could save more than
just one starving high so we can have
our cake and eat it as well well the
children can have their cake and eat it
as well um yeah I'd rather save the kid
what sort of what sort of screwed-up
person we'd decide to get a light of a
license would be pretty awesome are we
talking like real like Star Wars we're
talking real set oh man
I'm pretty good with a sword I don't
know if you guys know that about me but
I'm I can do some pretty bitchin shit
with it no no I think the kid what the
hell why am I even questioning it ya
know I'd say I'd say I took the kid 100%
what if that child is dead that kid just
died I mean I feel terrible saying that
but think of all the things you could do
with the lightsaber just on a daily
basis I mean you could obviously break
into any building you want you could
fight criminals you could creme brul√©e
dude how awesome would it have to like
just have a lightsaber you know like you
see these movies and they'd pretend like
you know their mothers vibrators are
like the lightsabers because it's
vibrating you go boom you can't I looked
at you I like laser beamed you you're
avoiding I have no emotional connection
with anyone in any other country a
lightsaber
thank you I'm totally kidding I would
totally save the children in Africa of
course starving children okay no but
seriously I'd saved I'd save again I
would I would hate to uh the lightsaber
I'm gonna make my own little African
babies one day look yeah mmm listen
mirror-like check out that dapper would
you
like don't kill people for sure right no
I've made little glory holes for myself
in my apartment and then I'd invites up
to go and be like surprise that's what
you get be like Ricky you invited me
over to your apartment I know it's your
penis coming out of these glory holes
well you picked the lightsaber so I'm
gonna give you a little African child to
come through that hole yeah we're big
every teacher it's not so much she'll
short here ah sorry I talked like that
so I thought what seriously I could fuck
shit up if I had a real life saver dude
cuz I assumed that that I am the only
one with a working lights ever yeah
that's incredible yeah give that to me
if that starving African kid was like
hey Steve greens gonna fuckin die he's
going to die of starvation or you could
work in my timber that African kids
taking the working lights over to it so
you can't blame me
