sup nation today's very odd video is
both a test to see how you'll react and
also the sponsor of today's showdown
with shame club.com / vloggity because
one watching this video is possibly not
safe for work
- what are sponsorships and friendships
worth if you can't test to see how
strong they are and 3 whether you are
going into work for a real professional
reason or you read fanfic with 2 people
you just met as well as two of your
employees you need to have a good shave
on that's why dollarshaveclub.com /
vlogging is so fantastic whether you
want a $1 razor a nine dollar premium
razor that I use is that you covered
amazing affordable razors delivered
right to your home and if you want to
make the smart move like myself and many
people from the nation have go-to
dollarshaveclub.com / vagnie that said
here this goes coffee and wine cream and
found Steve laying on three chairs she
walked over to him to wake him up she
shook him once don't ask her out no yes
ah Steve Young that's alright sounds
very accuracy jokes from the chairs
rolling up spectacular Lee what your
right team looked up at Raina with an
open mouth this team yeah well downwards
he realized that he had pulled off her
entire top and bra oh they're so nimble
and if this was all a game Rainier
leaned into steam and kissed me stop
swimming around and relax maintain
release and cease eyes were
instantaneously back on her breath
it's not it's not really for work after
that he's already happy - yeah it
stopped being kind of judge how bad it
is based on your facial expressions
those like oh look at that like I like
that I like that ends very true though
the rest of the day was awkward with
everyone making fun of rain and Steve
are you ready Reina no Reina leaned into
Steve and kissed Steve long and hard she
kept going and going until Steve stop
squirming around and relax Reina
released and Steve's eyes were
instantaneously back on her breasts she
smiled wait did you just read that and I
just yeah damn it Rayna mocked do you
want these before Steve Quebec Reina
move down to Steve and give him the most
amazing blowjob it's not even
description it's just emotionally I've
ever seen Steve's head Steve's head
flung back with pleasure
lay on the ground smiling his hair
covering his face but she quickly
brushed back what Reina playfully
ruffled his hair out of styles you know
Steve saw an opportunity to not look
like a pussy I flipped Reina over into a
bent position you should Steve power
police Steve power Cory said now that
was not a good girl your power that was
not a good girl Oh Stacy daddy's boy
Steve smirk does Reina turned her head
to pull a sarcastic I'm sorry face but
uh but Steve plunged into her
she screamed in pleasure as Steve's
long-form turn pledged a Dorito this is
girl we're gonna get bad we're good yeah
well this is shutting down my youtube
channel
really oh man this is the best Steve
groaned as the warmth of Rana pulsed
through his body
oh no no this one yeah Steve wasn't
going to stop there he thrust and thrust
his cock and Rihanna ah the feeling yeah
no that's a blast my part the feeling
overwhelmed Steve and he felt like he
was going to climax oh wait but here's
here's the Shyamalan here's the
Shyamalan twist but before he could Rana
pulled out and titty fuck Steve oh right
right of course he couldn't resist the
tenderness of her breasts of course he
came here easily on Reena
he came furiously on Reena act as she
opened her mouth and took the whole load
except on the ol some on her right boob
way away but this is exciting because
the rest of the day wasn't was awkward
with everyone making fun of rain and
Steve for being here early little did
they know that they were right 100%
right and it just says to be continued
no the sequel the sequel you ate up all
the J's except for a ball I sort of
another so guys I hope you enjoyed
whatever that was I also want to thank
once again the sponsor of today's
showdown shape club.com slash vagnie and
if you enjoyed this video and you want
more videos like this on top of all the
other news stuff we've been making be
sure to hit that like button hit that
subscribe button and you want to see the
last video on this channel hit this guy
over here or if you want to watch
today's new show which I'm filming right
now go over here
