let's go keep the camera on you so yeah
entertaining hey everyone so we are here
today and we are going to make him look
a little more beautified I like what
when you said him it sounded like you
kind of said this no I do like just a
little bit more beautified he had
tweeted something saying you know how
any of you Beauty givers know how to get
these under eye circles out of the way
and of course I do
so we're gonna see if she's she's all
talk or she can actually do it all talks
okay so the first thing in the morning
if this is the drug storage is a BB
under-eye concealer it's not an actual
under-eye concealer it's a BB version so
it's going to be much lighter look up
this feels this feels exactly like the
first time I put contacts in it's very
stressful
oh not look up you baby oh you don't
your whole head doesn't have to go off
just your eyes just look at the ceiling
very good okay so that's just something
very simple you can do in the mornings
that's gonna take you five seconds and
makes a little different okay okay yeah
a little bit of it right then to a
minimize shine and maximize dewy
complexion we're gonna take a little bit
of powder translucent powder would work
best for you but I didn't bring that so
you could yeah this is definitely paler
than your skin I have very fair skin I'm
just excited there's someone Taylor than
me in the world so this is probably what
I would do for you on just like a daily
moment um a daily moment a daily moment
yes but now we're just gonna spice it up
a tiny bit because there are certain
days where you want to spice it up for
night so I'm gonna add a little bit of
blush just to give you kind of a rosy
tint and it's just gonna bring your face
back to life be honest with me line do I
look so I look like I should be a
streetwalker yet no I am NOT doing that
to you I told you I'm doing everything
very natural people that don't know that
you are getting your makeup done
wouldn't know but I do want to just fill
in your brows a tiny bit just there are
some areas no just relax
just relax close your eyes would you be
opposed to like a little bit of wax
right here just to really clean up the
arch I don't know I don't know if I hit
that point where I feel okay and come
through with it
well you're turning down everything I
want to do you don't want to get pepper
sprayed you don't want to get waxed I
mean what fun is this this is I give you
a week before you actually use your
pepper spray because you're gonna find a
reason you're gonna make a reason I know
okay next we're gonna make your eyes pop
I swear to god this is blue it's not
it's just a very natural black wait no
don't open your eyes no what'd I just do
okay
ah okay you sure you don't want the
pepper spray yes
I'm pod that she's not joking I just
bought pepper spray l bought it for me
and I really want to use it okay so next
we're just gonna go in with a little bit
of a lip stick that is just a touch
darker than your natural lip color okay
this is just gonna give it dimension and
we're gonna do a little bit of an over
fill with the lip liner kind of Kylie
Jenner ass now open ah mmm make sure you
get in the crevices otherwise it looks
fake and like you over drew it and we
want it to look really natural like
Kylie's so this is how you get a
day-to-night luck wait here okay
that is so terrifying no don't you think
you look good that's so terrifying look
how big your lips look they're like
luscious that's all good oh is that Len
is that why you're hiding your face so
that I wouldn't know that it was
happening to me
see what's gonna happen I'm laughing now
two weeks from now and being a dress I'm
gonna be digging it I'll be digging it
there's no shame in that
ah I feel like we're twins right now Wow
oh wow it looks worse than this I will
say even the amount of time that took it
makes me so glad that I'm a man but for
reals oh uh for my 12 years old
for reals though real ah where can
people find you Blair my username here
on YouTube it's juicy star zero seven
what's the meaning behind your username
you know I asked myself that question
every night as I lay in bed and ponder
why are there fuzzy oh yeah I think it's
just fuzzies on you know and then when
you sit down
like dust it goes oh I'm so old I can
see you're 22 it's Hollywood you got
three more good years if that I mean I
feel like I ate myself rather quickly I
mean mmm
22 going on 80 my favorite app on my
phone is bingo
I have like four really yeah I can show
you the best ones I spend a good
Melbourne go you can spend money yeah of
course
beautify more toppings to get more video
card so you can da boom and win so if
you need to follow a beauty guru or
someone that spends their money terribly
blares for you see over there
delicious I would ask for a little bit
of alone time with this that's like
sugar shits in the making even emptier
