okay guys we're live I'm going to be
putting in this microphone here ready to
put some and also there's any super
chats
feel free to shut me up and force me to
answer that
super chat question okay any questions
guys you just said do you have any
questions did you not one of the first
ones from Lindsey this is from the
community tab host today she asked where
did each crew member go to college and
what degree did they go I went to
Clemson didn't finish girl State alum
International University communications
University of Michigan didn't finish
Bradley University graduated green
animation and visual effects UT Austin
radio television film and music Cal
State Northridge I'm finishing this year
in screenwriting Towson University film
/ doctor let me call it Chicago films
with the concentration of post
production Cornell film studies in
English Cornell how you go to couch
still made a feature still got a job you
could do it anything you put your heart
I went to Hofstra University in New York
and I majored in English creative
writing with a minor in film production
yeah alright this is really important
question guys this from VXR - out of all
the crew who's most likely to get coal
in their stocking that's who's gonna get
called yeah I have a job Brian the
researcher but he's not here Eleni
program is there anything specific or
event that you can think of the cause
your fear well they're just too big of
animals I just don't I can't wrap my
head around how big it is so I don't
like that it makes me this next one is
from Rachel this is I think mostly drew
it towards maybe Zach in the PAS after
yourself what would it be like a serial
that exists or a new serial
curlicues it would just be queues and
there'd be a little too sweet like now
they're just cubes
yeah there's marshmallows so your charms
it's all I'd like Captain Crunch be
named Luke crunch that's it version of
Special K that everybody likes
inchoate special are we asking out of
everyone in the office is actually a
two-part who's the one person you follow
during a zombie apocalypse and follow-up
what is the one person you would cripple
it would be more of us truly following
one of the few people in this room that
knows how to use a gun once about to go
away so let me ask you real quick 20 of
you have unusual hobbies like drone
racing diving etc Breanna loves going go
to like antique shops and buy old shit
or go to a flea market
well I do that without gluing first and
then I put them on a cardboard and then
I go to be honest I do color pencils I
like driving like down the freeway at
night and just blasting music and
screaming along to it oh right so while
we're doing because I know a lot of
people and we've been doing these for a
while now I hope you all are enjoying
them but a lot of people's like why is
the production so bad like blah blah so
this is all done from a mobile device
it's usually keeps phone one time we
tried an iPad so we're just kind of
testing it depends on the Wi-Fi signal
it depends on everything but this is not
a production thing we know it can look
better but from a mobile device this is
what we do see but you wouldn't get
these moments like this if it wasn't
mobile so we're testing a new mic today
let us know you know how you like it but
just know that this isn't a full-blown
production this is just something fun
for us to interact
yeah it's mobile we got a two hundred
dollar super chat from the same person
it's from mr. naughty priest already
asked this question on a live stream
before do you think Paul from drunken
peasant podcast needs his dick on
pornhub it's a really stupid way to
spend $200 because we'll see you on the
next stream what's it like as a boss Oh
silence he he's like kind of sets the
tone I feel like for everybody you know
I mean cuz he comes in and he does like
he's human like anyone else he'll have a
day where he's exhausted or other day
that's whatever but he like comes in
every day and he has this energy that I
think everyone tries to keep up with I
don't know kind of like a
in a sense it like when we fuck up we
don't want to disappoint him so when we
do we just for you
what does Joe's wife think of his
growing modeling career and has Joe
gotten any modeling offered Cabo
okay so justice in full support she's
now my Instagram wife and and
unfortunately no we haven't gotten the
attention of JC Penney and Macy's a
target style any of those so that's a
little disappointing but I'm sure that
it'll eventually come to surface guys at
JC Penney next time at JC Penney Joe
nation for life this next question is
from Kohl's
and anyone can answer this who brings
the smelliest food for lunch they're so
long it becomes smelly yes yeah every
day when I leave the office I'm like
dammit I forgot my leftover I threw away
so much food last week that was just
sacks that was pure mold office
etiquette there's been a day where I'm
still working James and I are still
working on the show and I had like the
first group took lunch and I just smell
something and I was like mother fucker
and I knew what it was but I didn't say
anything and that Joe comes in I was
like you have a good lunch Joe and he's
a guy had fish it was like I know you
did microwave microwave fish in the oven
don't microwave fish no killing over me
yeah so we got a $20 super tat it says
is that okay is easy okay Oh beaten yup
and it's what are you guys doing to make
up for the penguin debacle yeah so we
got a 51
from Kate Kate says is Amanda single
she's the best also happy single yup let
me say this and I really can chime in
here maybe
hi let me see this if we match on tinder
don't act like you don't know who I am
and then tell me a four days later that
you know who I am like you're honest
about it that's the thing that's the
weirdest weirdest about it I've already
talked if I've been talking you for
three days and then suddenly like yeah
I've known you are this little time like
nuts never admit it
for Hillary question for Christi for
Christi this is from Ellie what is it
like working sharing an office she's
gone I oh she went home and literally
I've been so lonely I've been sitting in
there I'm not allowed I'm there lonely
in the sense that it's just there she
brings the presents interest infects you
I don't know I miss you come back
I love Zack and Breanna - but like
one-liners that you want like a oh my
god no
seriously my goal in 2018 is going to be
to start a Twitter account that is just
one liners from Hillary throughout the
day cuz yeah they're fucking funny I
picked her up for work and she said to
me like opens nurse goes hey girl I
didn't have a lot about cardi B and I
just don't feel like her relationships
over the last shot the door got in the
car didn't say another I need to read
you a text I got from her the other day
the lunch table and then like she she
texted me a couple months ago and goes
I'm telling you this as your friend
before you get into work I've had a
drink from Starbucks and I'm alive
Hillary's great okay so this next one is
from our drunk truth or PI live streams
we got on the video this is from Adam
Luke there's something about Luke that I
find super attractive I'm a Hempel that
Bush I don't know I think it's my charm
actually from our video well good there
will be we're gonna be doing a lot more
but the reason they're not on camera is
cuz usually I mean he's running it right
now but usually anything else besides
Joe like getting in our faces with his
his shoulder can't Joe Wow
besides I'm giddy with their doing all
the production for us so they're behind
the scenes all the time they kill have
them break it who's gonna run our
cameras and lights and assistants are
behind the crazy it's free they're there
guys they're there guys I think what
this translates out to that we need more
puns
from Darien this person says I have a
feeling that Christy would slaughter any
human over a penguin that is not true
no I love birds but I wouldn't murder
for them I mean then yeah I'd murder
that person few interesting from Titus a
the question is who is more likely to go
streaking during a public event IG
baseball game protests random day at the
library
joe-joe any time if they're drunk Brian
Brian has a crazy drunk side and anybody
seen him before
I was one time we went out there was one
time we went out no two times two times
moving out I lived in a third storey
huge like huge apartment complex calm
like it was a village I come back I wake
up the next morning there is a shopping
cart full of stuff on my balcony no idea
how to got there and he never came back
and got a gun I got fine for it one then
the next time we went out there was just
a not a small traffic cone a giant
traffic cone brought up from the street
up to my apartment complex
I lived there three years stayed there
the whole time when was he at all y'all
think I'm kidding Brian drove Brian will
do that's a drink by the way I don't
know everyone should know that but if
you ever find a cone just put it down
and people think you've it is anything
leaking so that's why it's there it
leaked on my car once when I moved it
and I was like oh there's a reason
yeah there was one that said uh Zach's
my favorite person need a question do
you like purple yes sweet thank you I do
yes I this is like it's so cold in this
office oh here we go this is from the
winter busy from this wiser so awkward
video kind of involves Joe and Zach I
love Joe but sorry but Zach should 100%
have been the cameraman for the penguin
event no it wouldn't been as good
I can't prompt people to have
conversations I was just quiet they're
very different styles so Joe is out on
this honeymoon and stuff like Zach did a
lot of our filming it keepin Zach traded
off and they're very different like zach
is very quiet and awkward but still has
a really good sense of humor and Joe
will literally shove the camera in your
face and like it's just very it like
aggressive but like funny aggressive
about it so they're completely different
gang style that never would have put the
camera in my face and told me to ask
them on a penguin day tastes like
something that he would say just not on
camera this next one is from me the best
team win this was our agenda livestream
busy on says it's more of a statement
see this should make everyone feel good
I hope seeing this kind of workplace
interaction almost makes me want to move
out of my mom's basement and get a job
feel like you should get a job before
you
stupid Joe hold the camera between his
voluptuous breasts this video got a
golden ticket
okay the Jeffrey Jones asks jelly on a
sausage biscuit is delicious the sweet
and savory combination is amazing not a
question yeah yes please ma'am tell me
all about it I don't know my friend told
me to try it one time and I was like
that's disgusting and
then I ate it and it was good no I do it
I was a non-believer and then Breanna
made me do it
and it's actually real good no it didn't
I said this is good and you said I'm
gonna try it so I wouldn't say I made
you do anything okay it's really good go
to Cheesecake Factory when they give you
the sourdough bread dip it in ranch
that's your way ready my aunt guys fun
fact Brian hates ranch like it's just
wild life he will like the smell the
look which is funny because you like
basically anyone know if Hillary is from
Texas weird question but the ring like a
Texas hell no it's not it's the fucking
UT Austin ring so that's disrespectful
one to say that but yes yeah I went to
school together from Texas in this room
Hillary if you're watching this right
now getting the chat or if you watch it
later because if she knew that people
thought it was an am ring she'd be mad
but it's the ASA thing it's the same but
yeah she's from Texas we met well we
kind of met going to school together
then we worked in Conan together and now
she's here
this next one is from the video that's
what this video is about Anna Lee asks
lolol why do the researchers have a huge
soju bomb oh that is that was Ryan's
actually I have that in there and I'm
pretty sure it's Brian's they get the
reason they're never here it's because
they get in very early so by the time
we're doing these things in the
afternoon they're already gone because
it would have been like a 12-hour day
for them so yeah I think it's Brian he
just got back from a huge trip to Korea
too yeah so we got a super chat from
Joshua Wade for $20 just for $20 so
thanks for that and we also had a
question from M sh t for $10 hello from
South Carolina Hillary is great but can
we talk about how hilarious Danny is
yes yes our original interaction was you
telling me I didn't have to go to
meetings mm-hmm she was like and I'll uh
he was like okay so this next question
is to the room here we go is there
anyone in the office it's a two-parter
is there anyone in the office to avoid
on Mondays equivalently is there anyone
that would totally say looks like you
got a case of the Mondays and I it's
about noon and I turn around and see
that James just got another drop for the
PDS and it's about a 20 minute show
don't talk to James I have the least to
lose here Phil feels bad on Monday he's
great on Friday but it's over won't be
even though researchers cuz you come in
Monday and like so much news is happened
over the weekend and then you're like
cool it's gonna be a 30 minute show and
it's like it's just it's Monday's are
hard especially if you're in the news
business and if someone like filling the
researchers who have to do all that like
we got a hundred dollar super chair from
Sur talks
it says hello everyone thanks for being
the best behind-the-scenes staff to
watch here's my question if you had to
pick another person in the office to
basically switch jobs who would it be
what you
it could show us two hours we go it's my
turn so your heck in people who would
you switch jobs with in the UH Jason you
usually have so much energy
what is this I had a lot of fucking
energy earlier you guys missed uh
probably Brian's dumb just because like
I wish I could do like shit like that I
can't do that you want a control stick
figure Oh oh man I should say Phil but
I'm actually gonna say Brian cuz I would
make so many city I wouldn't say I love
what I get to do that was my kind of
answer um honestly it would probably be
Joe just so I can give him a taste of
his own medicine
just once Brian's computer besides Joe
does that joke besides Joe I haven't
seen it Danny like I like what I get to
do yeah went to school to do this
alright Chrissy I was gonna say Brian
but I think Joe yeah yeah
basically what Amanda said yeah Oh
Amanda I'm gonna run this ship into the
ground
I would run it into the ground I don't
know I actually think Hillary cuz she
gets to have like a lot of interaction
with people and like just like her job
is just to make people happy which I
like because I have to deliver bad music
I don't like doing that I would probably
say Danny getting to develop shows and
work with people oh I would switch I
don't know man
what I switch with yeah I'll take the
PAS job so I can clean up the shit all
the other assholes get the break and
make messes up on the floor I'm calling
myself an asshole yes another hundred
dollars super chat from tall kid Nate
first off says he would love to work
with us and then asked what are we
excited to eat over the holidays
basically and he loved your haunted
haunted mansion tamales are you make
them and they cook Christmas even you
have like tamales in your freezer for
months and they're okay I have this
panic family as wide as I am I have
Hispanic family and it's delicious it's
wonderful I'm going to my boyfriend's
mom's house for Christmas even there's
gonna be a lot of crab legs no no but I
mean
mmm has a pop-up shop in Detroit calls
mom's spaghetti anyone in Detroit please
go send us pictures send us videos send
your video Jesus's birthday cake it's a
fish thing it's a fish's if deep fryer I
just gotta find snow problem how about
you keep the Christmas thing I'm looking
forward to in terms of eating and
putting my mouth is gonna be I don't
know ham like Christmas ham right hand
like a honey baked ham remember there is
still gonna be content on this channel
during the break you still are gonna
have bugs please tune in we have some
really really really cool holiday and
New York Monday today and if you want to
see those vlogs early to Franco elite
calm damn she knows much you also go to
shop to Franco calm and keep me employed
Oh
