sup guys today's video of Awesomeness
was made possible by Dollar Shave Club
calm slash blog at the college shave
club of course a place we can get
fantastic razors on the cheap to live in
to your home I personally use this one
cuz my gosh dang diva you go as
inexpensive as one dollar and if you
want to join myself and many others from
the nation or have already douve ends
that proper grammar probably not go to
dollarshaveclub.com slash vlogedy do I
have to introduce myself in my own
channel I'm Philip DeFranco and with me
I am Cal frizzy another FIFA guy I just
but today we are doing another FIFA
charity challenge if you did not see the
last three in the last video I played
Castro and for every goal I lose by I
will donate $500 to the charity of
choice what's your charity today it's
Barnardo's children's charity what do
they do it's in the UK it's just like it
says for children so yeah my mom works
for them so I was just like you know
what must be a good charity to uh to
donate to so hopefully you end up broke
oh that's the idea anyway
buy this the idea but what if if you see
the thing is even though you technically
don't have anything to lose monetarily I
have a lot to give okay yeah alright
just remember that if I score a goal
you're literally hurting a child that's
on you that's wrong I come from a
Catholic family that's like all we're
good I bet you for you the religion the
major thing to see mom is we're just
gonna guilt man know so we're gonna play
the same team
he picked Liverpool so if you don't like
Liverpool I mean I'm like probably on
the same side as you but if you're a fan
of Liverpool I know it's awesome okay
here we go I'm very I don't know how bad
this is gonna be
wait are you can meet a real-life my
game look at that the thing is I've I've
heard stories about you beating other
big beefy youtubers so you know no no no
you're you're gonna be good look at that
- but wait it's on you but your tactic
that is filthy I bet it was a really
fine I bet yours are absolutely one
chalice Oh what do you know
oh I think guys I'm telling you this
guy's well it's just that I have no
friends and no one's ever going to use
controller - so I don't think now now
we're telling you right now we're ready
so in a given week how many hours of two
hours dude is the rest just pack opening
no like yeah yeah like no I mean you're
trying to distract me I like your type
things I like hey very important
questions here we go here we go
but realistically like do you donate
based on effort to wait while I keep it
of what I just know you know you like
you like these hats Gloria I mean
obviously that makes that just makes
sense and bring him in and all of a
sudden our team is gone from a five out
of ten to attend on time
bang it bang it all my cool just go into
max I knew where the hell bastard oh
right job he's just trying up a hug man
oh yes Oh
use those legs
always carving it up oh wait no he
doesn't already own now oh no it's okay
why were people doing up for the kids
were going on is really about em no no
oh do you wanna go to remind me
different teams dude fillery all right
oh okay so I was good in the world oh
I'm just trying to thank the children
oh you just walk dates of charity of
open turn control just like two seconds
later I'd be happy with Oh let's keep it
up oh that was beautiful thank you thank
you so it doesn't hurt too much if it
was going to just you I'd be like oh
yeah I was to pay for the children I'm
part of the children that happened
yesterday I want to thank how frizzy for
coming out to school me in some fief if
you want to see more of them check them
out here or here or here it's all the
same length just in different places
also thanks again to the sponsor of
today's awesomeness dollarshaveclub.com
/ vloggity I'd also like to not thank
Cristiano Ronaldo and Bale for schooling
the hell out of me and finally because
it's what Cal freezy wanted we will make
it rain
oh the Shi all that ended up going
waiting for the children that it's not
it's not working and I think that maybe
there should be a new series what should
be called though beating Phil for
charity charity beat down huh and let me
know who you think I should go against
an axe what game also if you've been
enjoying these new videos be sure to hit
that like button maybe share definitely
subscribe and I'll see you next time
