so today a friend that was way too
excited for his own good about this
topic told me that there are six new
Frappuccino flavors now available at
Starbucks for a limited time
they're based off a fan favorites on the
secret menu and they are red velvet
cream the lemon bar the cinnamon roll
the cotton candy cream the caramel cocoa
cluster and the cupcake cream figured as
a public service to save you all the
around $30 to buy these drinks and the
excessive calories that go straight to
the places that make me want to put a
t-shirt on when I go in the pool and
conduct an office taste test
that would be red velvet chocolaty the
blood dirt is exactly what this looks
like confused
chocolate berry um tolerable that's not
red velvet that's red velvet suppose be
like a chocolate like chocolate I don't
know why you know but I think the guy at
Starbucks messes up this tastes like
cocoa pebbles that's like it's like it
is chocolate but at the same time I
don't like it on any level I mean I
wouldn't say it's good it's like Java
chip Frappuccino gave up and if it was
sad overall it's pretty good but it's
not what I thought it was so fuck this
drink oh this is awesome
fresh hey lemonade mmm-hmm refreshing Oh
God
Isis is that an accurate description
this one is delightful I would get this
again it tastes like they put they took
like a what was supposed to be a vanilla
Frappuccino and then they just poured
lemonade in it it's refreshing it's
light I'd probably add liquor to it yeah
it does kind of it almost does kind of
tastes like a lemon a lemon bar I
actually kind of like this it's like a
it's like lemon milk but what are these
wait weird little like booger crumbles
at the top that's not good at all that's
so bad could just take it tastes like it
tastes like Windex like if you put lemon
pledge in a mineral
Oh No overloaded cinnamony go oh hello
I don't care anything about them I know
I'm no feeling so it says whatsoever you
can't say something has too much
cinnamon if it's called cinnamon roll I
guess but it does I'm way into the
cinnamon oh damn this is everything that
I want right now
delicious I would ask her a little bit
of alone time with this
that's like sugar shits in the making I
can't even be mad at it I can't even
love I don't care anything about this
was a girl at a bar
I wouldn't even glance at her like it's
I feel nothing towards that whatsoever
it's like a dad that left when I was a
child I don't want anything to do with
this this is cotton candy cotton candy
clean where would you want to just drink
your candy yoo-hoo
no oh that's actually come nice bubble
gum yeah that is like something for a
child that's delicious wow this looks
like it's gonna make me sick
no son fell to childhood this look this
literally this taste this tastes like
it's strawberry yoo-hoo that they like
put whipped cream on and I'm a fan of
that god this is like like did you ever
have that medicine growing up the tasted
like bubblegum and it was supposed to be
like oh it's you know it's fun medicine
cuz he's bubble that this is that but
it's back for you this is like they're
trying to market stuff so little kids to
get them to drink coffee if if you're a
child this is the perfect drink for you
you know like you know when you weren't
allowed bad food and then you went to
someone's birthday party so you just
like gorged on everything that was bad
this is blended and put in a cup caramel
cocoa clustered no the taste like
popcorn popcorn about my word popcorn no
foul that's just stupid
someone's gonna make that into a gift
mmm Oh oh don't look at me
this is orgasmic Oh guys mmm
it feels like my mouth is being
assaulted by 80 flavors that I can't
identify part of my brain goes toffee
but then it's immediately like hit down
with pain oh my god what is that
that's supposed to be amaretto is that
supposed to be almond what is that
there's nothing in this that people are
like I want to juggle one but I wish it
tastes like it had a little bit of piss
in it my mouth just seems like a toilet
at pet Willy Wonka's chocolate factory
because it's just residue from all these
terrible flavors mixed together cupcake
cream fake
is there a flavor just like the idea of
a cupcake mmm average light cupcake it's
a flavor mmm paint okay I made one uh
but it's kind of delicious it's tasty
but it's not like I crave it it's just
it's just vanilla it's okay it's like
it's like it's a C student as far as
frappuccinos go this is just like sugar
dirt I wanted to hate it but it really
tastes like a stupid cupcake but I love
it I do that one's delicious it's not
great I'm not a fan of the cupcake what
was the old gas Nick won the Koko Krunch
Kalista cholesterol Cruiser that was
phenomenal the lemon one is like if
he'll like what I would imagine he'll
was like it's that just over and over
and over him out it's like if the red
velvet won somebody I dated when I was
young and happy and then I dated just
this terrible person
so everybody after that I was just
looking for their flaws you know and I'm
like when are you gonna hurt me too
that's what I was doing with every other
drink far and away the cinnamon button
is just incredible the worst one has got
to be that cocoa cluster bullshit I
would say my favorite is the the cotton
candy which was very surprising and also
equally surprising my
my least favorite was the coconut
cluster god-awful mess that they just
put aa favorite was definitely the the
lemonade one yet no cinnamon roll is the
worst one cinnamon roll was just like I
couldn't even take a second sip that was
gross thanks for having me this was
awful goodbye thanks for having me out
this is fun hey Starbucks
maybe don't freak out when I say my name
is Maude and learn to spell it with five
letters so guys I hope that was helpful
and that you enjoyed that video I'm
gonna go ride my bike home and lie to
myself and tell me I totally burned all
those calories off but if you did like
the video hit that thumbs up definitely
be sure to subscribe and keep an eye out
because we're posting on this channel a
lot more lately
