sup guys stays video is sponsored by our
buddies over at dollarshaveclub.com
slash blanca T an amazing razors on the
cheap to live in to your house no
contracts so easy stop wasting your time
and your money and do what myself and
many people from the nation have and go
to dollarshaveclub.com slash blog that
said today's video is not a would you
rather video but a video where I asked a
big question to a bunch of people that
work at the office and a bunch of
friends that hop by and that question is
is it possible to be just friends with
benefits no yes but not for any
sustained period of time
not if you're Ricky you're asking the
wrong person for me I'd be the right
person for her I don't know stop judging
rude shit yeah but I think that it needs
to be very clear in the very beginning
it means everything needs to be all out
there you guys spill your guts right
away for a limited time old yeah not for
me but yes yes I agree not for her but
yes if someone looks at Alice in the
right way she's in love with them the
other day a boy looked at me that way
and I went Alison he's acting don't fall
for this can I did it Wow he's come a
long way from Alison falling in love
with every co-star hmm movin up well why
would he act like my boyfriend if he
wasn't my boyfriend cuz they were paying
him yes I think it's possible but I
think it's possible in the sense of like
it's possible for the dude perfect guys
to throw a ball out of a blimp and then
it like bounces off of 20 things and
then somehow goes into the net it's that
kind of possible you have to see your
value as anything but sexual because
we're scumbags we're just gonna be
pissed off that we're not getting
getting that cookie
cuz Friends of benefits is like a
regular thing get my cookie what do you
when you have mutual respect and our ash
actually sexually attracted to each
other it's it's possible for you guys to
have a sexual relationship along with
just being friends I mean as long as
you're really honest with each other and
get tested and use protection and don't
have babies that's bad you can't just
fill a hole without filling your heart
you can't you're why you fill a hole
without filling your heart you'll be
empty and sad I think it is I think
honestly do you think it is if you guys
both didn't like each other its person
it's possible to be sexually attracted
to someone and not like them as a person
name one person that you are attracted
to but you don't like them as a person
but I think both people have to like
come to a verbal agreement
Nachi score I'd make people sign a
contract though there were no feelings
allowed you both just kind of almost
have to hate each other probably
successful about 10 percent of the time
if that's like very delicate thing it
can you know one one slight movement it
can just blow everything
does explode I have had two situations
where it worked out perfectly well it
was the type of thing where I was like
I'm physically attracted to you and
emotionally attracted to as a friend but
I would never date you like ever ever I
don't want to spend more than like two
hours with ever and that was mutual it
was beautiful
I just end up dating them so I guess
that never works out I feel like yeah I
feel like it would work but for personal
experience probably know what if two
people are good friends good friends
like we've known each other since
elementary school are good friends like
I just met you
how is good friends I just met you
everybody wants it to be possible but
then there's no way to just have like
really casual sex with somebody that
you're really good friends with and not
have anybody ever feel something yeah
sometimes you're like oh yeah no school
relationships and then all of a sudden
you're like actually but you want to
give it a go but if there's someone that
really can separate their work from
their play I guess isn't okay with man
up then I guess go for it yeh on the
real no I don't think it's possible I've
tried before and I failed and my heart
was broken oh yeah then you guys got
together and broke up and then go back
together and broke up and I'm like oh
you so we don't have to go over that
part to dieto I was just saying you had
a rough patch and it was real funny to
me I like when you get broken up with
hilarious good friends
sorry about that I don't think you can
just be friends with benefits I think
feelings get involved maybe I'm just a
very sensitive emotional person I don't
want there to be some other side chick
or something like I want my man to be my
man one is enough to try to deal with I
think people can't be friends with
benefits and that's it someone's gonna
mess it up eventually also I guess not
them hell nah after a two-month period
she's done you're done it's over go to
the next smash we're both back in our
hometown no boyfriends or girlfriends we
didn't for a week and then goodbye you
just pound that cookie just pound it
until it is dust don't scrub until it's
just cookie crude just that when my
penis comes in contact with another
person it's like it's like it's like
Cupid's arrow but in Reverse like so if
Cupid shot someone people like I love
you which why would you do that why
would you do that to yourself
cuz orgasms go on tinder and find
someone that wants to just mess around
and have fun and enjoy their time and
then do that the rest of your life and
die alone or find someone that's trying
to get over somebody just a benefit
that's what you're under the benefit I
don't want to be friends what if I was
like I'm gonna be friends with benefits
okay I accept the benefits and the
friendship no need yeah you go want to
be my benefit yeah that would have been
a more interesting movie just benefits
you gay it's just a movie about two
health health insurance workers who
start fucking and they do it in
dangerous places because they know they
have created surance
guys I hope you enjoyed this video I'd
love to know your answer to this
question I'd love to know other
questions you want myself and everyone
else to answer I also want to once again
thank dollarshaveclub.com slash blogger
for sponsoring this episode and all the
amazing people that were in this episode
if you want to check out all or any of
the people that were a part of this
video all of their links are in the
doobly-doo down below that said I love
your faces and else
next time I don't have that issue
apparently it didn't collapse it was
just like hey I really don't want to go
into this and I don't want to date you
and you're really expensive and I could
be using this for beer money because
that makes me happy as well
