hey there nation today I want to play a
little game a lot of people on YouTube
they say hey tweet me a question on
Facebook or Twitter but I figured what
would people say to me if I opened up my
DMS to the public a new feature on
Twitter just for five minutes and people
could DM me they could say anything and
I wouldn't I wouldn't reveal their
identity or they say to me so I opened
it up for five minutes
I got over a thousand and I'm just gonna
go through it now with you before that I
want to thank the sponsor of today's
show dollarshaveclub.com slash vlogedy
we don't know dollarshaveclub.com the
fantastic place to just get really good
quality razors on the cheap delivered to
your house that's razors from between
one and nine dollars the nine dollar one
is the one I use it free shipping so if
you want to join myself and the
countless members of the nation who have
done it as well go to
dollarshaveclub.com slash blog that said
here we go this is my hedgehog David
Hasselhoff I'm not even lying I'm not
even gonna question the choice of having
a hedgehog because he's adorable but is
that a shark fin or a wizard hat like
just having a hedgehog wasn't enough you
were like he has magic powers and/or is
also half shark I'm in love with someone
called Sadie well today just became way
more interesting for viewers named Sadie
thank you you saved my life plus you're
hilarious big love for me and my partner
I like many youtubers get you saved my
life a lot and I never know how true it
is like if I wasn't here or something
that happened or there would just been
another replacement once again I love
you life is special life is important
life is fragile so while you can try and
respect it enough to do something I
think I just failed with my final ah
that's a terrible feeling but understand
that if you are the age where you are
failing a final you are in a place where
it's okay to fail I for the most part
that's always okay to fail as long as
you're trying but especially when you're
young I mean for the most part the early
years of my life it's just a delicious
gumbo of terrible failures and that's
how you learn what not to do just want
to say hey and also I'm secretly DMing
you at work which I shouldn't be doing
hahahaha feels more enjoyable when you
know you're not supposed to maybe be
doing hey I love you but not in a gay
way
so no BUTT STUFF that's no fun I'd only
thought when you said not in a gay way
you're the one automatically throwing
butt stuff into the Congress
into the realm of someone's mind a
possibility so you do don't be just be
honest with yourself hi how does Moses
make his coffee he brews it it's my show
I'm supposed to bring the funny you son
of a bitch it's funny though you are my
favorite youtuber I don't believe you
but I'll take it if they'll just want to
say thanks for all your videos it really
makes a shitty day feel effects really
welcome I love you and I have felt the
same way as you and that's why I started
making videos myself just want to say
I'm a big fan I hope you and your
adorable family are doing well thanks
for all that you do she's so nice I love
you faces suck my tender asshole while
snorting coconut ere we go those were
the DMS I was expecting I was expecting
this to be the general consensus not the
outlier
that's me like a straw well that's a
picture of a parrot on a dildo that is
mounted to a wall it's really hard to
masturbate with long nails I always
scratch my clit and have to stop I
really want pizza now terrifying closest
thing I'll ever have to that is if I do
it too much it begins to change but true
that's why Freddy Krueger was so angry
he was like I can't do it without
worrying that I'm gonna cut something
off I am 20 years old I have been
battling depression alcoholism for three
years about five months ago I attempted
suicide today I am sober and happy well
good I think your story makes it smart
to remember that mental winter those
rainy days will eventually end the Sun
will come out again my girlfriend has an
unhealthy obsession with your son most
women do it's not anything weird I
apologize in advance if my child makes
any of your girlfriend's want to have a
baby prematurely
just remember 99% of the time when he's
crying or being a little shit the
camera's not out because we're trying to
tend to him I want to create an
independent animated film but I don't
have the resources to do it decently I
feel like all my ideas are being wasted
we'll do it shittily do a horrific job
of it just do two throw it out into the
world not a full just stop something
short and small the beginning of
something that you can build on we
romanticize all the things that we can
do and create and so many of it just
never gets made and that's it it's
nothing so do yourself a favor make
something understand that it will
probably be terrible and build
and that is as far as the Twitter app
will let me go and my DMS right now so
I'm probably gonna have to go to a
desktop I really enjoy doing this I
think I might do it again if you want to
follow me on Twitter for any reason or
to possibly be in these the Twitter
handle is at Philly D if you want to
follow me on Facebook we might be
something similar facebook.com slash the
Franco nation and also thanks again to
the sponsor of today's video download
shave club.com slash blog ax t and i
hope you enjoyed this video because i
enjoyed making it it's but it's been fun
making all this new weird content on the
show so be sure to subscribe because i'm
just gonna be more and more of them
