so this roundup would you rather we took
some questions from you and they seem to
revolve around one thing you try to
figure out what thing that was you
rather have no peace or five penises are
they all the same size are they
different sizes Oh five is so many five
penises jerking out five penises to be
fun vibe I mean there's gotta be people
back guarantee yeah easily five penis so
I'm gonna say this is like a 29 year old
man that doesn't necessarily always take
care of himself there are times I would
prefer not to need like a five minute
breather before going again to just tag
in your other penis you like get in
there all right little piece is all you
before tired it's your time shunt
easy I would totally Rock five penises
who I get to choose where they are on my
body yeah you know I wanted me to be
like Iron Man are you just like and I'm
like they come out of my head I don't
know where I would Wanda but I rather
have no vagina or five vagina that's a
lot of tampons but no vagina means no
period I'd rather no gear that five
periods but bad no periods I would order
the five I am a greedy motherfucker it
would be nice I have five angers
get that all in there I'll find a spot
somewhere how many lives would that be
that would be so overwhelming no one
would want to have sex with you I'm
sorry
it takes five in China's that's fine the
five openings is sound more fun I don't
know I've got my father Jan is big on my
stomach that would be okay like five
times comply with five on the belly I
would rather have no vaginas it's a
full-time job taking care of vagina you
don't understand how are we to your old
face
I'll fake it like I've always done Oh
any guys that have dated Megan Tanja
watching this video right now I'm so
sorry your other have nicer fingers or
penises for finger fuck hahaha why do
you keep asking me if I want more
penises I have enough I'm fine I have
one and that's good all these questions
kind of revolve around penises you know
what knives your fingers that got clumsy
and I'll cut myself up a lot penises for
me I mean that makes masturbation way
easier like dicks on your hands oh
that's a hard one knives
I guess knives no dude no penises
penises somebody's into them yeah
I'm PROFIBUS is so this this is just a
natural sort of progression you can do a
lot of inch of those fingers but take a
lot of money actually you go to Vegas
you open up a little house line up
ladies I watch American boys no Kevin's
got to do is big-oh hentai hello I could
be casted forever can you imagine if I
had penises four fingers like that's the
ultra niche that I oh well at least your
knives would be handy what are you gonna
do with your penis hands apart from
being like like what are you gonna do
with your penis hands I would definitely
pick knives that's just silly knives for
fingers so I can cut people when they
piss me off why is this the hardest
question for me
knives yeah I'm going with knives I feel
like you could be kind of a superhero
right then I could like call myself a
superhero but they better be cool knife
not like fucking butter knives
I want like high-end like slice your
shit off knives for fingers and it'd be
awesome um I'm gonna go knives for
fingers really weird well I saved money
on haircuts cuz you know if a guy sees
your yo Edward Scissorhands like there's
no way than you I just I don't believe a
handjob
so yeah I have a mouth I don't need
hands it's not nice for fingers I feel
like I can do some cool shit with that
no one no one ever wants little get
penis would you rather have your body
found on a pile of sex toys or a pile of
drugs
would I would definitely I would want to
go out on a pile of drugs it's just way
more rock and roll that's like I was
final amount of pilots loves to be like
well maybe he didn't die because of the
drugs just got his body dumped on the
pile of drugs when he dies I was found a
pile of dildos though like that's that's
like legendary it's like they find you
and it's like oh no my son was a sex
fiend per bird oh no oh no my son was a
drug lord kingpin no no I think the
latter sounds a little more glorious is
there a darker one I feel like people
would be less surprised about the sex
toy thing well the drugs they'd be like
oh I must have been struggling with some
demons with the sex toys I'd be like oh
here Phil died with like a Jamaican
diamond it right next to his face also
if that's not already the name of a 12
to 16 inch dildo you have the rights to
make it sex industry
I guess the sex toys does that at least
at least I went out having fun I'd have
to be considered a pervert than any mad
livin the dream with my sex toy a
biography please
Tina's hand sex toys legal there's no
shame in that you can have as much sex
as you want just for the jokes I'm going
to say sex toys because I feel like
that's always funnier like drugs can be
sad and people are like all but sex toys
that's always fun
sex toys hey guys I hope you enjoyed
this very pervy video your ear you asked
very weird questions it turns out if you
did like it be sure to hit that thumbs
up maybe faintly share with your friends
whatever subscribe hey guys I hope you
enjoyed this video if you
hit that thumbs up maybe subscribe share
the video in the comments down below do
two things
one give me your answers to today's
questions and two what other would you
rather questions and/or general life
questions do you want people to answer
on that note I love your faces and I'll
see you instead
