we had so much fun with the last would
you rather a thoughts dude again but
this time let's answer a few questions
that you guys put in the comments of the
last video or really quick before we
jump into what I want to thank the
sponsor of this weirdness Full Sail dot
edu slash Phil want to get him to
entertainment make stupid stuff like we
do or probably better stuff than we do
we develop some apps so you just have
that passion you can get online degrees
from Full Sail you can go in campus not
on it inside you tell we actually
believe in this spawns because a bunch
of the people that we've employed here
have gone to Full Sail so thank you very
much for them but on to the witness
would you rather peel all your nails out
of your fingers or pull all the teeth
out of your mouth Oh huh these are like
Nazi torture tactics this is disgusting
I think my nails I love my nails but I
think would be less painful than taste I
can't even look at the billboards that
have broken teeth on them because it
makes me go I mean I guess my nails I
like eating I could just like uh bad
shit I'd give a really good hand job so
you'd rather pull ten things out of me
thirty two things out of me having just
gone through braces the last two years I
would probably rather peel my nails out
I would probably pull my nails out
there's less of them there's more teeth
and nails I'm gonna peel all the nails
off my finger cuz I fell off a bike once
in Santa Monica and I did a lot of
things I bruised my vagina and I lost a
total hip it's horrible I don't ride
bikes
wait you bruised your vagina in that
order handlebars handlebars come on I
went down handlebars really yeah did the
handlebars have a name or help me say it
was he on shortly playboys I hate you so
much
yep deep cuz I'll just get dentures I'm
gonna go with teeth I want to go work
done anyway nails nineties planet I got
issues would you rather get explosive
diarrhea every time you met your boss
what every time you met your significant
others parent
I see my boss every day and be a lot of
diarrhea no oh God be the worst I'll go
with significant others parents I feel
like I only see my SOS parents like once
a month my significant others parents
live in a different country well a
different state and a different
countries I'm go without them met my
significant others parents okay
hopefully I want to see them all the
time whereas I will see my boss every
day I don't have one of those yet but I
assume what I do they'll already assume
I'm a failure so wouldn't become anymore
I would actually go with the significant
others parents thing because you don't
need to see them as often as like seeing
your boss I could become my own boss and
just shit myself every time I look at
myself in the mirror maybe wear diapers
every time I meet my boss
suck it Phil would you rather freeze to
death or burn to death I'm fired
they're both awful they're both terrible
you're rather freeze to death than burn
to death I would rather fucking freeze
so you just get very tired and go to
sleep and you never wake up you get
sleepy and then you just kind of want to
fall asleep of you're warm so I'd rather
do that I would rather freeze I feel
like Arnold Schwarzenegger
that'll be Batman I mean it a day I go
with freeze to death mainly because I'm
hoping I freeze death in a way that it
preserves everything about me and then
like later they can excavate me and
they'll be like look at the old human
they get to be a future famous and the
cool thing about freezing is that all of
the water molecules like in your body
expand and all this stuff like all your
cells explode coming exploding cells
cool here's the cramp up
that's a lot of smoke I'll take that
straight up especially if I'm already
asleep like the fire starts and then the
smoke builds up that's an easy death I
would totally take that because you just
die from smoke inhalation and that's the
other thing too is it's a house why are
we burning at the stake was Megan a
witch and people thought she was a witch
you know and then like they burned her
at the stake so then it's like sorta
like a slow fire then like the Kindle
strips to the badass that you know
everyone's looking at me on the star for
a few minutes you know but I still think
I can say some really horrible shit like
I'm coming back for your children and
some shit like that I put a curse on
this entire edge I always want to no
child will be born 458 something
horrendous so in the comments down below
let me know your answers to this week's
questions and also post some more
questions if you want some of the same
and some new people to answer them next
week also thanks again to full sail
without edu slash filled nugget face
