Amanda Amanda for some reason someone
sent me a pinata in the mail and I was
wondering if you wanted to destroy it
yeah are you sure are you positive you
have some anger to take out all right so
where can we place this I have a
baseball bat which I will give you hello
I don't know no I mean we're gonna hit
it you're gonna hit it and spiders are
gonna come out yeah over here and then
she'll swing this way if Amanda if
Amanda misses do you want to take a
swing of the pinata no no don't check it
stop it don't seek it out of there no
that should be that should be the
blindfold oh my god wait people are
coming oh yeah yeah but if we bring it
outside I'm gonna hit my car all right
how many swings does she get though how
many do I make that seems
just just remember hold on to the bat
just hold on to the best
just watch out in case the clip also
flies how is it not breaking it up do
you think Danny's gonna do it break the
thing or the glass hopefully uh here we
go
here yeah just hold it doctor get out
one at a time how about you just throw
it to me and I'll oh yeah that's my
baseball it ya know it's because it's
not like on a tree getting on a tree
know what trees with there's no see I
like baseball okay
also there's no way to explain it to our
actually professional neighbors why
we're beating a pinata no no the
neighbors are always we all know they're
out there smoking that's gonna be great
hold on I don't gotta
all right so over here we have our
outfield up to back fill up the breakout
up just keep in mind in my own candy I
don't know what's inside this thing so
it's fine
quite as an anthrax
Windu he's got one more folk
Philip DeFranco with the home run
tropical scent launching so we were
trying to kill something right thank you
this is for our new video Australians
try food we're not ripping off anybody
research it's like some closing
sensation in the back of my throat hey
click this version of me if you want to
see more of these random moments in my
life the really fun would you rather
than other games here on this channel or
click this version if you want to watch
my philip defranco show where i talk
about news at ab 7 things or if you're
on a device i can't click annotations or
I forgot them because I'm an idiot going
to the description down below there will
be links there oh and I don't forget to
subscribe if you don't subscribe the
terrorists win
