people could still hold your hand if you
ask me to time every time jerk off your
fingers all the time
well you know is what did ya know if it
feels good that means that you have
eleven dick oh yeah I forgot about the
old the old good one it's like baby but
like when you're okay so let's say
you're done with one you're like baby I
guess I still got nine more wait I know
you have balls to attach to your hands
no which means that you don't should
eautiful like in your in your elbows it
would just be like one day we rosin
balls and I would necessarily want that
yeah I do
Masaya penises well Paul this is still
Brad your arm real hard you'd be
grabbing someone's balls I've become
sexually aroused am i also aroused in my
hand is that part another part of my
body
mmm oh yeah see but it is delicious
imagine the like that and you've got a
dick finger way so you could make sexual
assaults we did it
is that a 2015 Willie like Oh where's
your own dick
but imagine like you know you go to
website there's cold one I always
thought guys feel like every day I would
come by oh my I did so I've heard from
one guy that said that he could do it
and he said it's way more like sucking a
dick than getting your dick so happy
what is my day right but you're not
feeling it when you suck someone else's
dead you're feeling your own dicks
you're gonna feel more penis in your
mouth then your penis in mouth I respect
your decision
period I should try and make that happen
and I would like to see them great yeah
and I would rather penises on ninth
man's question oh yes would be a lot
more in this hole this is ready come on
you don't be able to judge my starting
through your Halloween a rule would be
like oh here comes the fucking Freddy
Krueger guys like what's wrong with the
Freddy Krueger guy he's got a fucking
knife and so he's always fuck what are
you doing Scissorhands one year man oh
so like this if you had knife hands you
could probably get like fingers that you
could slide on over them like a little
literally creepy hand wait happen yes
did you think of how amazing you'd be
importantly the best porn career you'd
be like this human predator Rajan I'm
sorry really cause I'm a girl
oh man
and you beautiful like like your people
these girls so you'd be like whilst
Amish finger in the bar you can't even
masturbate with your big hands like
oh thanks again I ponder what you miss
up your own dick you can oh yeah
which one would you use this finger
would things I don't know this one's my
favorite yeah this is my dominant
is that right but anyway they were all
hard and you're trying to stop this one
and you had the hard and I stick them
all together like this and got one giant
dick yeah hey click this version of me
if you want to see more of these random
moments in my life the really fun would
you rather than other games here on this
channel or click this version man if you
want to watch my Philip DeFranco show
where I talk about music type stepping
things or if you're on advice I can't
click annotations or I forgot them
because I'm an idiot going to the
description down below there will be
links there oh and I don't forget to
subscribe if you don't subscribe the
terrorists win
