would you rather it's easily one of my
favorite games play with someone because
it's simple rules are simple give
someone two questions in a hypothetical
situation and then you judge them for
their answer for the rest of their life
but if they don't answer there are no
fun worst person ever so decided we
should play this game with a
contractually obligated people here in
the office before then I want to thank
these sponsor of today's show
dollarshaveclub.com / vlogedy well I
overpay and waste time for razors really
cheap but great quality razors delivered
to your house I personally use the nine
dollar ones easy on my time and easy on
my wallet if you want to join the tons
of people from the nation or I've
already made the smart decision go to
dollarshaveclub.com / blog getting that
said here's the first question
hi mrs. Meir would you rather have the
best house in a shitty neighborhood or
the worst house in the fancy
neighborhood fancy people are very very
judgmental so I'd rather have the best
house in the shitty neighborhood and
have like the best house parties and
invite everybody I'm gonna go with worst
house I want there to be other options
for people to steal shit gonna thief the
choice between stealing on
twelve-year-old Civic and a Maserati
they're stealing the Maserati worst
house in a fancy neighborhood shitty
neighborhood I'm getting stabbed
sometimes the worst house in the fancy
neighborhood is better than your house
so I'll definitely take that I'd rather
have the worst house in a fancy
neighborhood fuck everybody else I'd
rather be in the nice neighborhood
whatever put me in a shanty I don't give
a fuck I'll take a shitty house followed
that um I would rather had the best
house in a shitty neighborhood because I
just want to stand out best house on the
block are you kidding me best house in a
shitty neighborhood because you can brat
I need a fancy house in a shitty
neighborhood and I'm like yeah I'm
fucking the best man would you rather
lose your sex organs forever we're gain
200 pounds for the rest of your life
that's rough cuz then I'd be 400 pounds
then again I'm also married and every
married guy tells me might as well not
have them after the first five years you
know what I'm so superficial on the
outside with everyone I'm going with no
sex organs forever and over a fact I
could still blow a woman's mind with the
rest of my stuff yeah I'm good I'm gonna
sex organs forever it's gonna suck
that's what I'm gonna do I would do it
yeah I would I think another game
pounds for the rest of my life I'm very
very small so I could imagine myself
just kind of blowing up into a little
panda balloons thanks just good if sex
organs means like just like a
hysterectomy but I can still fuck I'm
down with that
man I get I mean I like fucking I guess
the 200 pounds I gained 200 pounds I
feel like my comedy would get even
better
I guess I'd rather gain 200 pounds cuz
then you can liz'll eight so I would say
lose your sex or gotta say sex organs
cuz like that's heavy that's a lot and I
can't deal no sex organs you know what
I'd probably just gain the weight well I
mean is this like 200 unhealthy pounds
see I can do 200 pounds of muscle that
I'll look like the fucking rock that
would only make me stronger
I'm gonna go 200 pounds gained 200
pounds would you rather have sex with
your cousin in secret or not have sex
with your cousin but everyone would
think you Dave that's a terrible
question I got some ugly cousin well if
everyone thinks I did that I might as
well have so I guess have sex with my
cousin it's secret I think have sex with
my cousin no one's easy I'd rather own
my cousin on the low nobody knows it and
you're getting your swerve on on the
side that's kind of a win-win in this
scenario think of maybe a distant cousin
I've never met and have sex with him in
secret and you may not even know we're
cousins
sex with my cousin easy I don't even
know if I have an attractive cousin at
that point it doesn't even matter
unfortunately in the world we live in
perception is reality if I met everyone
and everyone thought I had sex with my
cousin even though I didn't I would my
life would be over if everyone thinks it
just becomes fact I'd rather not have
sex and everyone think it and then I say
kiss my ass don't care what you think I
would rather not have my sex have sex
with my cousin and everybody just think
I did because I know for a fact that I
did not I would rather not have sex with
them and everyone thought I did who
gives a shit with people thing I don't
think of my cousins that way and I don't
want that no matter I couldn't
physically do it I'd rather not have sex
with my cousins yes would you rather
have a head
size of a tennis ball or the size of a
watermelon which hit tennis balls like
really way too small the tennis balls
really funny and reminds me of
Beetlejuice so I'm gonna go at tennis
ball no all watermelon I already don't
wear hats at a big asset yes you can
still wear hats I'm really tiny so I've
had watermelon head I probably just like
fall over a lot I pick tennis ball and
then make sure my hair is fluffy as hell
I feel like my head's the same size as a
watermelon well size watermelons kind of
cool remember that guy hey Arnold he was
real cool everybody liked him especially
that Warren girl she liked him a lot but
he beat her she beat him up and he never
knew until maybe they had I don't
remember so I'll take the watermelon
watermelon but seedless watermelon oh I
found a loophole and your stupid
question seedless watermelon pretty much
my head I think I just won the Internet
you rather have no arms or no legs I'd
rather have no legs and then I'll just
like kind of push myself around on the
skateboard it's 2015
I can't not use my fingers for
technology I'm not using my fucking toes
I'm easily going no lay so one because
if you take away that week my ability to
masturbate that's like that's stealing
my soul I also have to keep in mind
there are already people that have like
blade legs
they're awesome not talking about like
in Kingsman but like you know the guy
that I well unfortunately the guy that
ran and killed his girlfriend
awesome blade legs though I'm gonna no
legs always wanted to get in like a
souped up wheelchair I think that'd be a
blast
I like my arms my arms do things for me
that are very beneficial to my happiness
in life I just want to get those motor
wheelchairs is that what it's called I
would rather get those and just speed
racer' all around the freaking world all
I need to do right it's like hook up a
solar panel to my motorized wheelchair
just thing that put a little tent on top
yo best idea ever someone invent that I
don't know but I can still have like
fucking leverage yeah no arms I guess
I'm gonna go no legs because arms
release full to hold things and take
photos and reach things on shelves and
eat food no legs
Vinny my arms should drop no arms I like
this a lot I don't take advantage of
this enough I like this but I like this
too
you're fired you're fired
yeah we keep my legs would you rather
die saving 10,000 strangers from death
knowing no one would ever know it was
you or live knowing everyone would know
you decided not to save 10,000 feet you
just want me to look bad Jane this is
the whole point you would feel just want
me to look bad it's the shitty part of
all the questions because it's a
hypothetical situation everything points
to me saying I should save everyone
that's tough I mean the real noble good
answer is no I'm gonna save the people
and die I'll be a martyr even though if
nobody knows am I in my selfish
20-something brain I died right now
self-preservation speaks lovely I would
like to be able to say that I'd be like
a martyr and I would just die and have
all these people live but let's the real
life is really great so maybe everyone
will just know that some people lost
their lives I have a new baby my job is
to try to make sure he's not a big
asshole well I don't necessarily value
my own life more than other people I his
life more than other people that's a lot
of people that's a lot of moms dads and
sisters and brothers and I just kind of
sit around all day so maybe they can do
some good stuff I would save the lives
and not worry about the fuckin award for
it I would rather save people without
people knowing I did that I would rather
die saving 10,000 strangers because then
I don't have to sit with the fact that I
let all those people die I would die I
would easily die to save 10,000 people
even if they don't know I know that I
went up to it I'd say people lives for
that yeah 10,000 people that's a lot my
life doesn't matter I'm gonna go with
saving 10,000 um I mean just save save
some lives like you don't need bragging
rights like that's just a shitty person
and I've got a shitty person
despite what people say but guys I hope
you enjoyed this video I'd love to know
your answers to the day's would you
rather questions and because we just
picked these on like a top 50 list if
you have some would you rather some of
those in the comments
we do this again we might include some
of yours thanks again of course to
dollarshaveclub.com / Bhagat he go there
and do it otherwise I'm gonna be out of
a job but not really cuz they're awesome
and said I love you face hit that like
button subscribe and also do a little
dance
