so Ellie give me a brief Reef's briefing
of what you're doing today so we're
doing a test for a show that's
tentatively titled the Elliott Morgan
show might change the title I want
people to watch it well
yes how are you today sold Val mastic oh
I shouldn't lockdown to be fill yes we
start the vlogs always the same way like
how you doing someone asked I'm good
that's good that's good I know we're
wrapping up for the holiday yeah we are
gonna be off from I guess like the 23rd
until the 2nd and I think we come back
on the 3rd what are you plans for the
holiday we are gonna go to Utah oh yeah
I remember you say the ski ski and see
some family hopefully uh not not break
every one of my body and come back
refreshed rejuvenated ready to kick some
ass right kick some ass what are some
big plans for 2018 didn't we already
talk about this video briefly skipped a
border what's like a personal goal your
personal though yeah with the stuff that
we're launching I don't know I'm not
expecting everything to be good but I
want to double in views mm-hmm Oh double
in company size it sounds great so
what's the plan for uh the PDS well well
hombre we're gonna go dark usually we
put out these top ten videos but in my
opinion they're kind of shitty videos so
they were just gonna go dark it ends up
being like a week in two days okay
hopefully hopefully you come back yeah
if not you never really cared but the
vlog still gonna be hot we saw plenty of
content flowing for the vlog Phil so
let's imagine that as it's coming out
we're all still here and just not doing
the show just to be like fuck it we're
here on Christmas Day I can't wait yeah
all right so uh know what I will say is
and I don't know how much of it you're
including a videos I want by the end of
the year yes you actually do something
nice for Zach dude but it's so close
yeah we at least have a plan halftime
you can come up with a plan you can do
something okay but triple fuck is the
max amount of fucking here quadruple
fuck doesn't exist oh shit okay oh so
Willie's come up with something to plan
for the new year yes for Zach okay yes I
feel like I'm gonna get the city and the
stick for this wait
who gets to decide I don't know we got
to figure something out okay we'll
figure something out so this for you
okay and actually I need out you got a
follow through on it all right we'll
we'll figure it out just for you okay
all right
but a key yeah hey are you doing what
you working on I'm working on videos all
of the holiday content we're prepping so
we got to make how many videos for the
break we got one two three four five
videos you've got to get edited before
we leave plus another one two three four
before we get to even that meet I'm
excited you excited for me to come down
your creek through your chimney I
thought you were gonna go somewhere else
with that but it's just as creepy sit
yeah I don't have a chip in my apartment
but uh or your balcony you know whatever
yeah I don't have back in anything
I got what do you know man what you
working on today or do I say how they
come to obviously how they keep it so
you working on this holiday content this
one is specifically on the history of
the modern Christmas tree what is your
favorite Christmas music a black
Christmas 1974 Brianna was that like a
racial thing all right I'm currently
listening to the live stream of the FCC
you talk about net neutrality
oh no it is rough to hear but some
people have to say no well what are you
working on a happier note I'm just
building a little graphic for our
holiday party for our photos how are you
doing great Brian pranks you too Jeff
she means is working hard when he's or
it's a really good posture
I had my again I heard you whispering in
my ear I was whispering in the mic I
just wanted James to be part of the
video but I wanted to stir because he's
working hard hi I'm Andy what up Joe
what are you working on today we have a
live stream and tomorrow we're shooting
our New Year's confessional but today
the big shoot is our friend Elliot
market he's coming in today and we're
gonna shoot a new video concepts
we're excited about it we want to see
what its gonna be like so hopefully I'll
get eye
on that or at least some BTS can't wait
it's gonna be fun
Hey ladies what's up everything it's
2017 and I have to plan out 2018 and
that is insane I mean I get it like time
exactly our time is very limited to you
before we're at the end things are busy
what are you working on what's how you
wrapping up patreon a new year is ready
I'm already having to think about like
the year anniversary and all the kind of
cool stuff that we're gonna do and what
are you doing you know I'm just wrapping
up analytics and stuff from the year and
planning out what we're doing for next
year I have a very exciting thing that I
think that we should do people have
taken a like into fucking snowflake you
just make a sort of head of it to top
off the the new year I've thought about
it honestly we have so much that we're
planning for 2018 I just don't think
that Brian or I have the time to
dedicate oh please it's the winter
season of snowflakes everywhere well it
was a good idea at least I'll let the
people know yeah I'd be cool oh so uh
what's everybody's planned for lunch
go out anywhere uh yeah I'll let you
know if I want to do that I just was
curious
don't phones ringing phones ringing I
have no idea Street yeah I did I parked
and they just spread manure everywhere
so that was nice yeah yeah it smells
like a farm you look like you've grown
you gotten taller bring it along okay
I'm just trying to be as intimidating as
popular pretty intimidating guys you got
the stash going I like that yeah so what
else are you gonna you want to do
standing you said you want to kind of do
moving
want laying a desk do you want a chair
you want to be standing and moving
around I think saying so he wants to do
some straight he's gonna keep doing
straight to cam but he wants kind of
different angles and moving around so
Elliot
give me a briefs briefs briefing of what
you're doing today so we're doing a test
for a show that's tentatively titled the
Elliott Morgan show might change the
title I want people to watch it and
trying to do like a show about news from
a world view instead of a political view
so that sounds divisive yeah we'll
probably end up happening if I'm gonna
say something real offensive and people
are gonna hate it
well we don't care for the snow flakes
you oh really yeah
okay well then we should begin I'm a
snowflake synthesizer yeah I think they
should all be hugged
yeah you can hug watch it can you hug
logic you know somebody can't wait to
see what any thank you I do it I do sit
like this on perfect to make it awkward
but there's like a lot of camera
equipment but maybe I didn't plan on
that I like
let it go man I was trying to trying to
figure out what the timings gonna be
yeah two hours we're writing two hours
shooting
how are you doing I'm doing fine you
know I haven't grown like you such a big
boy now
what taking a cue from people like you
live healthier lifestyles I'm trying to
actually exercise now oh really
yeah and it's a nightmare I wouldn't
know eating I'm eating a lot of scotch
okay yeah okay that helps a lot good and
then um yogurt scottson yogurt me will
have a scott you knew your date great
she says we have to wait till January to
the snowflake but I want to do it now I
need to go who's that oh my god I get
fired on this blame Christine we're
doing a shirt right shirt yeah yeah yeah
color let's go for like um like kind of
like a vintage like a retro 50s vibe but
like some good strong font that's like
you know okay could be within both yeah
yeah okay go go go
I like that one that's too intricate
kind of like have one no actually I
really like this one I gotta fill that
title stuff there we go cool description
all right I'm gonna press it
okay I was not here to help you I did
not sign up for this president thanks
for your help
you can't really into no I'm just I'm
guys enjoy your lunch is that the
sandwich
what is that pickles or jalapenos I just
really wanted to film more of this wall
because it's so pretty
needs more attention I feel because
there's a lot of detail on it yeah
all right what's up I found a teespring
page left open where you created a
t-shirt and put it up on the store
without asking no I would not do that I
would not do that well Hillary didn't do
it
Hillary help me I mean Hillary don't but
is it good design right you like it I
don't think so should we tell them I
don't think so we tell them we're gonna
do what we're going to take the profits
from this shirt and we're going to use
it to do something nice for Zach I did
not you did okay and none of us knew it
was a joke except for you I like that
idea Zach what about you I like that
idea
do you think that joke is to go with you
and whatever you do don't you guys have
your camera man yeah keys you know you
guys need like an audio guy maybe do you
guys need like an on-site editor maybe
okay cool
all right well we'll see what Phil
thinks about all this at the end of the
day if it's a good idea I'll take credit
it's a bad idea I'll blame Hillary right
yes I'm trying to make it fit my giant
ass hat what is it it's a pretentious
hat oh okay
Phil we got some news what we figured
out what we're gonna do for mrs. or
Zechariah we're starting the process so
I want to show you something that I'm
only following you yeah you can follow
me okay please don't fire me for this so
Phil I know just the look on her face
I'm like so this is this is great I
might have done something wrong or right
I broke into Chrissy's computer and I
designed a certain I uploaded
without permission so my defense you
kept the Mertz website up oh because
it's hard to make that job job just show
me what Joe we made a fucking snowflake
search what do you think Phil he's not
gonna get any of the credit for this so
any profit we make is going to be used
to do something nice for Zach oh my god
I got I got no idea so this is a strike
this is a strike Phil talked about you
can't have strikes you'd fucking me out
like the game would be over Joe oh man I
still smell though I can't afford to
smell good if they smell good how do you
know about this product
