to welcome you to a hotel room filled
with two dudes and lights and a camera
thank you this is very exciting it's a
it's my first time seeing this all right
so if you could just have a seat there
and we'll start the audition process so
why why do you want to be a model uh
well it's always been a dream of mine
and I want to be famous and I was always
inspired by those Victoria's Secret
girls okay I mean it's the right path
was there anything specific about the
girls that you aspired to be oh I really
wanted their bouncy boobies in the
really long camis they're bouncy boobies
and they're really long gowns
also I have to say the guys that have to
make that if this is like a legit thing
we were talking about this yesterday
apparently apparently I thought all
those were fake what some of those are
actually real Oh what the boobs are the
setup no the setup
apparently the setups real I feel like
the creepiest person alive saying
anything
well yeah it's like so uh so what so
what's up so so what's up what's going
how are you start like what small size
yeah what is really so what's this these
are those okay what do you think you've
ever taken how health flexible
well that's ten minutes under that's ten
minutes under the interview oh yeah you
start in with what's your favorite color
and then avatar sixteen what is with you
saying zero to sixty oh because I'm
still illegal what zero to sixty is
legal so is you know with the zero to
100 real quite a lot of cars are
measured in acceleration yeah stressing
you go from zero to 60 yeah that's why I
got but like zero to 100 seems so I
don't know like wrong and it's like
seriously what tell it to drink because
a drink song right why I laughed so hard
when a wills clip with his like Drake
eyebrows came up oh my god oh my god I
genuinely laughed was really
embarrassing because nobody else laughed
at the new friends oh that yeah well
well he was out oh I was just laughing
cuz I was like there's gonna be such a
interesting group of people for will to
be in front of oh my gosh
irena I'm gonna go put my head under a
pillow so make interesting okay okay
cool
what can I do the best ramen to eat in
New York City here we go eat puto and I
think that's it oh no Toto is really
good too we know let's talk more about
ramen you didn't go eat ramen with me it
was only Jeremy and look at what else
could I talk about I'm just hungry okay
oh quickly the only talk about food I'm
hella hungry oh I found food there's
nothing else in here what the fuck where
is it oh oh oh that is really
disappointing this camera's crazy just
don't put yourself near the edges then
it'll oh my god oh stop it you can see
everything I noticed that every outfit
you wore allows you to spin and like
look like a flower I try that's
all-purpose I always really loved
sunflowers that I wanted to be one I
know you're super Rocky cache and then
suddenly it goes like real weird if you
I really I really understand fashion as
long as I look like a flower it's all
good
so ramen
