hey I never do those unboxing videos so
I thought I'd do it so this is Samsung
Galaxy s6 edge okay we do that whole
rav4 great then we open like this a
beautiful phone ring we get the phone
like this oh dancey dancey dancey dancey
dancey dancey aunt and today we are
going to take out this card and we're
going to put in our thin card fill that
thing calm the only reason I can buy
stuff that's probably too expensive for
for what it is okay so we unbox this oh
look ooh a charger oh it's is that a
limited edition white adaptive fast
charging Oh a charge well I'd hope that
it had a charger headphones Oh what am I
the Prince of Egypt and that's it but
let's just turn it on shall we
also if you see a stain like anywhere
it's not semen it's just you know it's
like probably sour cream
I only ever eat Taco Bell in my car the
only two things I do in this car is I
cry and eat fast food
so I got the white one because they said
that Verizon for some reason didn't have
the chrome one which is the coolest one
by the way in case you were like which
is the coolest one the chrome one no I
don't know no no I don't don't need to
activate stop it that's too hot in this
car but I don't wanna turn the a/c on
cuz it'll mess up the audio alright so I
took a second but now we're going to a
guy's beautiful phone it's a
 beautiful phone alright so I'm
going to a switch to what how do you say
a camera and now the video is about to
become much much much more gorgeous okay
bye one second so this is now the switch
day phone okay so I put this down right
here and then so this is me with the the
back camera which is hopefully gorgeous
hopefully gorgeous and stuff and things
and that's why I got it but what's also
really awesome about this is unlike the
iPhone I feel like I'm selling this this
product and I'm not trying to because
it's really I just wanted to test it out
see what it was like the front facing is
pretty fantastic I'm going to switch to
that now obviously not the most ideal
lighting but you don't always pick up
the camera at the most ideal time but as
you can see this is this is the this is
me holding in this end to compare if I
was holding this with my iPhone here we
go with my hand in the exact same place
with the front face this a side-by-side
of both cameras using the front facing
so you can kind of just figure out which
one's better words stuff things and then
we'll go to the other one this
anything else
see here
same exact settings 30 frames per second
1080p that's this quickie unboxing video
a thingamajig you can judge for yourself
how the s6 edge which really you don't
have to get the edge but I was using
company funds I said bucket unless the
accounting department asks in which case
the edge was very necessary it had
features that you know just can't even
go into it and you let me know what do
you think what do you think is the
better product
