stop nation I just walked out of the
other two Avengers movie and I want to
do a quickie review while it's fresh in
my head and so I gotta say my quick
review is it's fun it's a fun movie and
honestly if you're if you're a fan of
the Marvel movies you're are you gonna
go and see it if you're not why would
you start with this one in general yeah
I'd go I'd go to it pull Christ why not
it's do this it is what you expect the
thing that I would say I was most
surprised about and with no spoilers
Hawkeye is easily the most interesting
character in the movie they made it to
like his superpower as heart and being a
real person but what kind of sucks is
they they kind of it kind of it's like
it's like they transferred the
interesting features of Scarlett
Johansson into Hawkeye like they're like
they some down her character a little
bit and made Hawkeye more interesting
the Hulk's really interesting all the
other guys play the parts you'd expect
and it's really fun I like Ultron from
an evil AI perspective even though like
it's kinda you know it's not the most
original idea in the world but that you
have AI that is like I will make peace
by killing everyone but it is it's fun
it's just fun movies that's my quickie
thing I'm not giving it a not giving it
a grade you like Marvel movies though
you're a fan of the franchise you're
probably already gone but if you needed
a push maybe go to a mat name I know I
liked it and I was in a crowd that you
know sometimes a crowd makes the movie I
wasn't in a special crowds but it was
really
also uh I want to talk about it more but
I want to spoil it any point I love you
faces I'll see you next time
