because the Internet has everything
there was a sex name generator' very
simple you take the first letter of your
first name the first letter of your
second name but into the generator and
you get a sex move named after you sell
today I thought it might be fun to find
out what people's sex moves are and to
see if they could explain what they were
mine philip defranco is the secret
wheelchair which i think is uh when
you're like in a movie theater and
you're slowly jerking two other guys off
that might have come to me way too fast
Mexican crockpot Mexican wheelchair I've
sex move is the Kentucky Crabtree the
Mississippi crock-pot is my sex move
sandy pinwheel Chucky waterfall
Mississippi waterfall dusty rocking
chair Alaskan snow blower horizontal
snow blower man this is about to get
super racist I'm so excited
we'll be different about nice to have a
moustache this sombrero I feel like it's
real turbulent like a river like I flip
you over a bunch and just found you
Sunday morning and like making me alone
I'm like everyone's naked now I imagine
that just to be a lot of semen it's
probably like a golden shower but it's
like ten times where's all there's
probably Jews and you have grandpa sit
in his wheelchair let's see what is snow
it is they take snow and they post okay
you have to deal with but stuff probably
crop pot I make soup out of your button
or something and it's like really really
bad because everything's like burning
hot moonshine involved there's felt like
a wheelbarrow position but it's also but
stuff that's the first thing that comes
to my mind
violent butt pounding oh oh that's the
best night ever you like do like a flip
on your hand you're up the person um
their mouth is full of sand and they go
down on you
just a really dirty blowjob and
Mississippi because it's it's fast and
wild and turbulent so it's like a
turbulent that's crock-pot
oh oh oh I know what it is I know what
it is it's when you don't jerk off for
like three days so you have like a
massive load and then it goes I feel
like it's more than what I do
I think it's definitely a quantity thing
and then grandma just climbs up
wheelbarrow position by it the duck butt
and you eat then you each take a shot on
moonshine it's really straightforward
and simple I feel like that's something
I would say to her and then she does for
a divorce right now so you're on your
back and you're like about to climax and
she just pours milk into your mouth so
that as you climax you're also just
spewing milk into her face yeah you have
food on you and you're making the food
oh maybe it's when you pee in their hair
guys I hope you've enjoyed the video if
you enjoyed it be sure to hit that
thumbs up you really want to see more
hit that subscribe button and if you
want to take part it's name generator'
they include it in the description down
below so in the comments let me know
what your new sex move is and what you
think exactly it entails I love your
faces and I'll see you next time
