so nation James shut your damn mouth
welcome to overflow number two where we
don't stick to a schedule but we do
speak words to each other
today's episode is going to go a little
behind the scenes at the Philip DeFranco
show talking editing talking stories
talking other stuff but Before we jump
into that I do want to thank the sponsor
of today's episode Full Sail dot edu
slash Phil if you've been thinking about
developing apps you've been thinking
about getting into making videos but you
wanna make a movie maybe you just want
to follow your dreams for once and you
dang life maybe go to Full Sail dot edu
slash Ville they offer a bunch of
degrees that are great we actually trust
them so much we've hired a bunch of
people on staff that have gone through
Full Sail and have degrees through them
so if you do want to check it out I
recommend using Full Sail edu slash Phil
and he use any other slash you might
support communism is that right James is
that is that a proper intro you think I
think that'll do all I'm just
questioning the fact that in my top
right screen it says we're all fair yeah
we're totally off fair because I don't
want to accidentally stream this and
then you say something racist then I'm
like oh I can't believe you said that I
have to fire you forever James that way
you can be your general terrible self
and I don't have to fire ya exactly see
I'm doing it for you thank you yeah well
that's the whole point of filming it
this way hopefully the audio stays in
sync and and hopefully you don't
actually have to edit this thing I know
how much you hate to work that's why I'm
an editor no I think my favorite thing
about the editor is that we've we've
brought is you can you can pretty much
tell you can also tell the first time
James took over which we were just
talking before we start filming
seems like maybe two months ago but he
got a lot of crap for the smallest thing
in the world and that was you didn't use
a star wipe you just you fade it in
right to the PTSD intro I'm like maybe
this will be smoother because
everything's jump cuts let's just let's
bring him in this way I just got tons of
shit for it so I guess my question to
you James is when people said mean
about you for the first time on this
channel how did you feel I mean you saw
how I felt I literally took a screenshot
of it sent it to you I just went well
that's mean and then I went on with my
day and that was it
there were anonymous people on the
Internet I really don't care what if
they were like yo James my name is
Gregory Montgomery and I think you're a
jerk
well the dudes last name is Montgomery
Smith so before before we started
filming this I asked on Twitter any
questions about the behind-the-scenes
editing some of this I think is gonna go
5050 here's a question I guess for you
because this is also if you should keep
in mind editing my show now is far
different than when it used to I mean
we've gone editor Maddie there was a
James before you Darren the other dare
and so we've gone through a lot of
people a lot of them a lot of people
still here but the question that starts
off James how much usually gets left on
the cutting room floor how many stories
are cut why are they cut etc very few
stories get cut most of them go in every
now and then if will cut one it's just
like Phil talked about it for like ten
seconds and it was like someone's
grandma wait the the number of knitting
stories in the past year is easily under
- but that's not a thing so I can give
you I just look at it up Wow
I just looked it up the first video that
I edited that went live was February 2nd
2015 okay
wow that's crazy it feels like I still
have just met you well I mean you just
put me in your phone as a real person
that was yeah yeah I sent I sent a text
to James and I was like just James just
so you know I I added a real name
not like also by the way there there are
tears of people in my phone there's
you're gonna remain a number and I'm
gonna guess who the heck you are based
off of previous conversations the
as nicknames where it's like Meghan
tonjes for a long time was Meghan
McClane because I knew about 9 Meghan's
at that time and now I how do you
pronounce it well do you actually even
want to say your last name cuz you're
gonna you might get stopped just so you
know I already get stalked okay so
here's the exact text from Phil to me
I finally put your name in my phone by
the way you're officially a person to me
winky face with the tongue sticking out
you know what winky tech winky face with
a tongue sticking out works in so many
situations it's it's a great face that's
good well you can use it on you can use
it on that you can't use it on Skype
because the Skype one seems a little
sexual they like winks and it's like
yeah it's the Skype faces are weird is
they actually animate yeah it's a little
terrifying alright let's see I'm gonna
look at some of those are my response to
that text Phil what did you say didn't
you just say yay or what did you say wow
thanks I sent a picture of bird from
Sesame Street that's right that's right
you're you're one of two people that
sends me just images as responses to
things you send me static images and
then my wife has a stupid gift keyboard
that she I'll say something it's like a
paragraph long and she just gives him it
sends me a picture and it's like oh my
you asshole stop responding to you just
send him an image no no no my watch okay
we have a question from Jay n underscore
way too many numbers
what editing program do to use James do
you prefer premiere over a final cut yes
mostly because I learned I'm at school
it's when we get Final Cut X thanks film
school really yeah they're like oh well
cuz their thing was all film students
coming in should get final cut backs
because it's so easy to learn and a lot
of people don't
no editing software very well okay it's
like and then the editors they need to
say it's specifically the like if you're
gonna become an editor you're gonna
actually go learn avid and premiere and
stuff like that so I actually got Final
Cut X first so going trying to go back
to Final Cut 7 where I have to render
everything anytime I put an effect on is
just the most annoying thing to me
mm-hmm yeah so I'm trying to think cuz I
yeah that's weird that they would even
have you maybe it's like a gateway
program but I I hated Final Cut Pro X at
first then I've learned to love it
though the longer the further away I got
from editing my own stuff the more I
loved Final Cut Pro X because then I
didn't actually have to like think it
was like I had magnet deletes easy
didn't need to have a shortcut I could
just do masse things I think the main
thing was the fact that it rendered in
the background which which I mean is
just that was the kind of the worst
thing all right so here's another
question we have how much edit house I'm
sure but every ever done Willie Dalton
says how much creative control does the
editor have I have nothing you have no
creative control no you know Phil if I
do anything you don't like you come in
here and you beat me by changing you
know what between you guys saying I'm
gonna beat you Joe Bereta saying I
touched him in dirty places like it's
amazing that I still have a job that HR
hasn't been like or is everyone serious
hissy is everyone serious no I uh I
think that I think you guys have I mean
this is this kind of speaks to the point
at the beginning of the show that each
editor kind of brings their own their
own thing if someone crosses the line
like there was an editor at one point
there was like a there was a dad who
saved his kid and the editor put the
guy's face on like Superman's
body and I was like I get the cute
picture but the guy died you can't do
that or like I'll tell you that to not
put like the face of a mass murderer in
but otherwise I feel like I give you
guys free RAM
yeah I can basically I do just about
whatever and then the only people that
really check me are first and foremost
the writers amanda and they know what
you like because they've been here since
the beginning of time and then if you
ever decided to watch the show you'll
call me out on something bad but just
don't do it again
but I mean most the time if I ever try
something new I have filled I have you
look at it I would say hey do you think
this is funny or do you think this is
good mm-hmm yeah I mean I think I think
it's good to have that back and forth
also I want to clarify when he says
writer he's talking about the the
bloggers on sourcefed.com
because another question I saw was how
many people how big is the Philip
DeFranco show crew you are pretty much
looking at it the the bloggers - did you
raise your hands it's me yeah it's it's
I mean it's a two-person thing where the
Philip DeFranco show is a completely
different beast than everything else
we've ever created the the only channel
that's maybe even close to how small we
are is super panic frenzy which for the
most part is Stephen and Raina and
Maddie and Kenzie and that's still a
four-person team so the PDS has always
been more ya know they're definitely
looking the abnormals yeah and I mean
our our our crew it's always been kind
of myself and another editor at one
point when we had to not necessarily I
don't wanna I don't want to pad your ego
because Darren and James are probably
the fastest editors I've ever had
whatever Darren's away brother editor
than you oh shit I forgot where I was
going what was I saying James were you
listening you were talking about how I'm
such a fantastic editor yes always love
dared work though Darren is amazing
that's the reason that we we were like
let's make him the producer of SourceFed
but so what I was going to say is we
have a two-person crew now
we want to post more stuff on vlogedy
where it's behind-the-scenes of just the
general office so we're grabbing another
editor that does that and then they mix
like my gameplays maybe for super
panicked frenzy maybe for this journal
but yeah I mean the most the crew for us
is gonna be three people three make it
maybe three point five a person that we
share but that's how I like it I hate
having to talk to 25 people that's
that's kind of my mindset on it yeah
what do you bring in more people I mean
there's more people more problems
exactly yeah yeah I mean definitely
sometimes more creativity like I think I
know that like sourcefed's gone through
a ton of changes but I think they're in
the most creative space they've been in
and I think it's because like SourceFed
and SourceFed nerd of kind of branched
off but they work together I know so I
think it's like once you have those
little pods that's where that's where
you get a lot of shit done so here's
here's here's two questions for you
James
oh I'm sorry that's not what I heard
okay Fred short asks what does your
normal work day look like but pause
because jam Alexander would says have
you ever considered making the show
longer do you want to edit a longer show
you know what you don't want to edit 20
minute PDS listen I mean I can but
you're not gonna get it until the next
day why are you so slow bro listen I'm
only as fast as you let me be alright so
the question so it sounds like it sounds
like James and only James is the reason
you're not gonna get a longer better
Philip DeFranco show no one else but
what is James what is your normal
workday look like is every editor that
I've ever had has one main problem and
that is they don't get food or water
we'll see that's where you're lucky with
me okay
most the time I'm
like I've worked on student film sets
and throughout college I would skip
meals all the time
mm-hmm I've had days over the summer
where I would go from one part-time job
to the next and literally my food would
be I had a bottle of Gatorade
and I just kept going yeah well I mean
that is Gatorade job isn't it it is it's
what it does I'm hungry drink a bottle
again are you all right I'm good to go
they need to have that that Gatorade
commercial where they show like the
editor who hasn't eaten and they have
leader like the colored sweat-stained
fucking commercial but it's just a dude
at a keyboard like Gatorade here we go
we got a we got another question this
one just in general not daviddx what
equipment do you use well the most
recent setup we have because we've we've
had a lot wait am i recording this yeah
I'm recording it on my Logitech I was
like am i recording this on the c100 the
quality doesn't seem there so for the
camera we have wait oh God
there we go it's green we got a white
screen yeah now we got the the Canon
c100 I got a boom mic up here keeping it
old school
it looks like Jesus is up there but
that's a that's a China ball I'm like
what can I show you I got a three screen
setup there's no password and I I moved
I moved the filming room over just one
thing over just because I like kind of
having a central station and there's
been like a whole new focus on video
game stuff but c100 I got a nice
custom-built PC for all my shit and then
James edits on an iMac is it one of the
new ones are yeah it's one of the new
ones it's not the old one right then
q up with that no I think they hooked me
up with the old one is it like is it
does it have something girth to it could
it please a lady no I mean if you were
in that aspect okay so it is then it's
one of the thinner ones I use oh I'm not
saying I'm gonna give you a fucking 4k
iMac I need come on Phil there's no
reason in the world oh wait I'll wait
until they release the 8k that's been
rumored okay and then you can just never
use it for any reason you know what for
the vlog that was a thought for a while
because they have the they had that like
little dongle where you could just plug
in the SD card and but no I mean it was
it was a thought but you can do basic
shit you can totally do basic shit
otherwise yeah and I mean it looks good
I just I personally prefer just to throw
it on a computer really fast like I'll
personally if it's if I ever had to do
like some of the earlier vlogs just like
two months ago or whatever I just throw
it into Final Cut Pro X and it was just
like chop chop chop small transition
layer music done let's see
oh no you definitely did not come in on
a holiday that we all had off I
definitely didn't pay you out of my
pocket and buy food for us Chuck we have
a question from Ethan Newberry this
actually this is very meta how did you
set up your overflow live show Google
Hangouts traits of YouTube's API
settings so what we have here is it's a
there has to be a better workflow for it
maybe something cuz I mean the main
issue that I have is that James doesn't
show up his HD unless he talks four-bike
30 seconds and so that's why he'll look
pixelated is because I'm recording it
locally but the reason or how we do it
is we jump into a private Google hangout
we never start broadcast and then at the
same time wait what oh yeah just in case
you say something racist
and then I open up another program
called xsplit now xsplit is what I
usually use to record my gameplay at
like high quality settings but what I
did or what we did is James made this
this card which is like the screen
around us put the monkey logo there
where it says overflow to sponsor the
next video and then whoever is gonna be
the guest and so all of that's empty and
then we take the images and we just move
them over in xsplit so you know we put
the full sail spa the last video and
then in in in xsplit we uh we can screen
cap we can take a chunk of another
screen and broadcast it here and that's
so it's just a bunch of layers the whole
the whole purpose is so that we don't
have to put all of these things in
separately and then have to render
because even if it even if James does
you know he's he's a white guy he's
gonna say something racist at some point
right that's the rule you're white - no
I'm not though I'm like I'm like I'm
like off-white I was Mike my parents my
parents weren't here during the really
bad time so uh you know I'm when you go
to Home Depot and you put up 17 whites
next to each other you're just like
mm-hmm I'll take the white 2.0 hmm oh
yeah that's definitely that's next-level
wait mmm
the next generation next gen white and
that's and then so I record to that
locally and then uh and then you know
and then we have the full thing that we
can upload straight to vessel and then
straight to to youtube so that's that
faith Huddleston this is this was kinda
asked but on average how much footage
ends up getting cut out Oh actually no
this is a completely different question
so for for an eight-minute show how much
footage is there this varies but you're
you probably know best
Wow
I would have to say for an eight-minute
show there's probably no probably like a
good 30 to 40 minutes of footage if not
more yeah there has to be and but how
much an app do you think is just
emptiness like most of it's just empty
you'll just
there's even times where you start
recording and I think you forget you're
recording because you'll just start
looking at your other screen and like
typing and I'm looking at it to make
sure that you don't say anything
important that I need to find cuz you've
done that before like oh yeah I said
this and it's at like the end of some
like minute clip rest is just completely
empty yeah that's that's bad I remember
early on back when Maddie was just
starting it was like crazy that I had 20
minutes it is crazy
now it's like if it's under an hour it's
pretty awesome yeah you get to I'm at a
point now where I can basically just
look at the waveforms until how many
times you're repeating yourself and then
just go to the last one and use that ya
know when I'm filming the show
I'll go sup nation
it's Monday my name is philip defranco
well let's talk about some news that
type of stuff and things that matter to
me today
Oh actually wait sup nation it's April
15 2015 my name's Philip DeFranco and
let's talk some news atop stuff and
things and there might be like four to
five variations and I'll be like
whatever one sounds good when you're
doing a story and there's like someone's
name for an organization that's like
kind of long and you try to memorize it
and just say it right at the camera but
then you just say you say like five or
eight times you know if you get to the
point where you can just you can see him
go fuck it and then he just stares at
the screen and reads it off and that's
generally if there's ever an image going
up I'm covering up the film not looking
at the camera that's pretty much true
yeah what there gets to there gets a
point where I'm just like you know what
my brains not working today everything
or all uh it's it's so lazy of me
it'll be someone's like even your name
right I'll be like a man was shot today
Jay
his gear Jia mm man with shots a name
James
Gerard or a man was shot today James
Garrard Erie and I'll be like you figure
out which I figure out which one was
right see you do that and this happened
the other day you'll give me several
things like yeah just whichever ones
right now go and find the right one but
then you continue the story and you
still use the wrong one
oh that's right it'll just continue oh
this guy James Ghirardelli he was going
through he's like dude give me your
chocolate this is my Chocolate Factory
now Jordan era I like all your fake
stories knitting and taking a aggressive
take over as a Chocolate Factory is it
solid I think we should just go with it
it's completely cut through whoa okay
here's here's a nice question
ASCII Oh Ryan says James how much time
do you spend on fixing Phil's face you
know I had to work I studied for three
years in high school
I'm sorry high school I stood for four
years in high school sir for three years
in college and my photoshop skills are
still not up to par to fix Phil's face
so everyday I just kind of outsource
that to some little sweatshop out in
India that's like a post farm they do
those now um I'm just like guys make him
look better they're usually just like
yeah I just use like a filter okay they
have great turnaround time that's the
main thing
amazing serious thing that happens a lot
of movies will send a lot of their
special effects mm-hm
overseas there's a lot of like
post-effects farms in India where it's
just hundreds of people that'll do these
like insane effects for super cheap it's
actually an issue we need to do that we
need to make a a philip defranco show
that's 100% animated using slave labor
that seems like the thing to do right
there you go let's say get them
turnaround times we just have to have it
that's fast enough to transfer all the
footage we have 200 up 200 down but they
have to have 200 up that's true so wait
they just they have to there has to be
like one focal point they can't just be
like doing a bunch of stuff and then
they send out a kid with a hard drive to
like ride a bicycle 100 miles they have
to have a connection depending on where
we send it no they don't
main point you're part of the problem
here we go huben or who eise asks what's
the weirdest thing you've had to edit so
far I'm trying to think of when you
started cuz you were you came on after
having to scrub through oh I know what
it is what is it well I'll say what I
think no let's have you say what you
think it is and then I'll say what it is
I think it has to be the the sex tape
stuff yeah the Randy Quaid stuff at some
point every editor has scrubbed through
porn that I celebrity porn that I've
talked about on the show and it's it's a
very awkward experience because it's
like you're not by yourself you're in a
room full of other people kind of having
to scrub through the weirdest porn in
the world just you know of course I'm
gonna use screenshots mm-hmm but it
wasn't like I can just pull like the
first three seconds and we'll all be
golden he actually gave me like okay so
at one point the camera goes through the
dog barking so we're gonna need that and
so I have to doesn't tell me when it has
he's like oh yeah it's the two-minute
mark or whatever
I'm too busy I'm too busy I can't do
that for you listen I'm just saying how
it is I'm not commenting on it I'm
saying how it is oh my god you're
scrolling through you know Randy Quaid
Randy Quaid sex and it's
not have any shame it's something that
changes you it's definitely something
that changes he on the inside
it hurts me one thing that I went and
googled that didn't turn out as bad as I
thought it would was when you did the
Philip defranco's big gay religion and
you mentioned the giant rainbow dildo in
the sky I'm like well clearly I have to
make a graphic for this and so I googled
giant rainbow dildo and it really it
didn't come out as bad as I thought I
was really depressed about it I didn't
find that one of with the giant rainbow
I was gonna say there was something that
I didn't let you go live with that was
like the one time I censored it I forget
what it was was it was it Putin with a
giant rainbow dildo or did we put that
up no I showed you that later for that I
made one was actually a giant rainbow
dildo in this guy that's what it was and
then you're like no I was thinking of
just just doing a black screen and do
like you know we don't believe our
Messiah yeah I was and I made your the
cover photo for your big gay religion
that you love so much apparently yeah
it's a you know what I just like any any
picture where my lips look good that's
it that's it that's what's at the core
that's what it takes for me so I guess
the last thing it probably should have
been the first thing James who are you
where did you come from and any final
note you want to throw out there before
we end this video Who am I
I'm the editor and the person you hate
most whenever you don't like the Philip
DeFranco show I am from the Midwest
Illinois specifically Bolingbroke
specifically but if you don't know that
I'm right outside Chicago I went to
school at Columbia College Chicago went
there for three years and I moved out
here to do my last semester LA and then
I worked you look exhausted talking
about yourself
Phil how often do I talk about that it's
true well think in general how often
anyone talks about them so other than
like the people that you can tell are
waiting for someone to stop talking
because they have something to say and
they're not listening
yeah but yes what are you graduated
worked at White House it's a commercial
company not Obama White House I was a
runner there which is basically I was
the food bitch after that after they
told me to not come back anymore did you
get caught stealing is that what
happened no oh you can tell this anger
there
I don't like it was one of those times
if they totally did the freaking la
thing where it's like oh yeah just um
cuz I had to go home to do my graduation
ceremony like I want to get back just
call us we'll bring you right back in I
was like awesome Lily don't worry about
it just take like these next few weeks
off like relax this is amazing and I get
I go home I graduate get back and I
shoot him an email and I have never
heard from them since the only time I've
gotten emails from them was when I was
like hey my address changed so you send
all my tax stuff to this new address
they're like okay wow what great kids
it's just like I don't know what I did
wrong I did kind of expose a minor
security flaw in their system that okay
that could be I mean like did you expose
it to them or does the general public it
did it like nothing got leaked I'm not
responsible for like you know this
trailer getting leaked during it was
like some guy one of the editors added
some music video and sent it to one of
the runners what we all use the same
person's email and stuff and so I saw it
when I was like oh cool so I went and I
just saw him in the hallways like hey
that was an awesome edit great job I
really liked it he's just like wait what
I was like yeah that thing he's like how
did you see that I was like oh it was on
this email
so that's when we realized there was a
huge security leak
so was there actually a leak or was it
just the fact they were like oh shit we
have one email address it was the fact
that oh shit all these people that we
hire on freelance I was freelance by the
way so I mean they're just like yeah you
can come back next week oh wow all those
emails were getting sent crazy that's so
crazy that um wait and wait where'd you
I'll let you finish with where'd you go
next and then how'd you get here I went
to I became the editor for Annoying
Orange after that did you do on the
online stuff or the TV stuff or was it
kind of a connected team I did all their
online stuff the TV stuff wasn't going
on when I got there okay okay just
because people wanted more money and
they weren't gonna get it oh I'm not
gonna I was like I'm not gonna go any
further into that YouTube stuff and then
because that was gonna say I thought
your thing was close to to mine but here
actually will end on this the weirdest
editors story that we have and I think I
told you yeah I told you this two days
ago at lunch was someone came in not to
be the editor of the philip defranco
show to be the editor and had one of the
main editors on SourceFed and oh my god
is someone dropping a body in your room
no that was a sceptic leaving and
slamming the fucking door sceptic is the
worse just call him septic don't call
him septic he likes it I promise but we
had an editor apparently he was amazing
I never met the guy it happened while I
was on like one-week break and he he got
the job apparently it was amazing then
he didn't show up the day that he was
supposed to be there so the the girls
and I guess HR and who had hired him got
worried there you know he he you know it
seemed like he was down what happened so
I guess they like they contacted the
non-emergency whatever it is for 9/11
and they give them the home address and
the police show up it to his door and he
answers it
and you know they're like hi we're
officer so-and-so your employer's called
us to to make sure you're okay and you
know so we're here and he's like my
employer who and they were like Oh
DeFranco wink and he's like I've never
heard of them in my entire life and like
he just denied that he came in for an
interview he denied that he got the job
it was the weirdest fucking thing I've
ever heard in my entire life but the
main point is James I thank you for not
being a weirdo like that thank you for
still being a good enough of a weirdo to
actually edit my show and is there any
final note you want to end on before I
click the stop record button I don't
know you end on how do you end these
things well I say I want to once again
thank thank full sail about edu slash
Ville for sponsoring today's episode I
want to thank James for not saying
anything racist or whipping out his
genitals and of course you for watching
because uh James is the worst seriously
I didn't even shave for this it would
not help
