oh this is terrible vehicle to drive up
like I can't see shit you're about to
hit the traffic up there by the way oh
thanks thanks for the UH thanks for the
reports you did this is CJ in the sky
above you it's a beautiful Los Santos
night oh shit oh that is a rock hahaha
oh my god it's not my fault I've been
drinking I don't know we were doing the
mission tonight I thought it was next
week oh I'm good I'm here Oh already in
it oh no why okay ah that's not good
America don't get tired Oh what I'm
tired of this awesome vehicle getting
stopped by fucking posts no the sign I
can't get up
oh hey shut the fuck up hey how can you
even talk like I want my dick in your
mouth hey Xbox Live we just talk like
this I'm just gonna take two bits of
this bong and then and then I'm gonna go
plan a heist so I just enjoy yourself I
got some Cheetos and sorrows oh look at
that look at that graceful descent hey
you landed oh my god why why what the
fuck that's that's that's one of my
biggest fails ever so here's the deal
fellas okay I got you aboard this plane
because I I need to tell you some
important things about my life I wanted
peace oh I slammed it to hit nah no fuck
this car I mean the hitch I'm sorry I
was trying to hit the car oh oh the gate
the gate took me out I'm running up this
hill we'll never know
I was so beautiful that I fucking spell
know what are you doing
