so so MLG haunt got a very special shock
pen today as a punishment on the the new
youtube.com slash super panic frenzy I
recommend you subscribe to it but after
we were done filming I decided to be a
dick
cuz that's who I am so let's see if
anyone wants to write their signature on
a piece of paper so I can see if I can
copy it so whatever you have weird
signatures yeah looks like a fuckin
chicken scratch is it really them do you
think that it's like it would be hard to
react yeah so we're having a stupid
challenge okay something says that you
can copy any one signal with video share
so teach me teach me great Trisha as if
you can do any one signature perfectly
you down mine reminds really basic can
you just like do it wait three have one
oh my god I feel it in my brain I'm
sorry it's a lot of you it wasn't
alright one more time
figure it out
all the gum
no one's gonna sneak up on you you're
good where I'm gonna get shocked to bits
how because I know what you guys are
doing there's no cell phone
stop being smarter septic get out comes
in here with an idea and I'm like hold
on the muse my pan and you're like good
so mine should I just need one thing at
this end or unplug okay I love that I
was able to for so long oh yeah oh yeah
I was waiting oh I love it everyone's
first instinct afterwards it again knows
I hate you okay yeah no let's finally
get someone else to do it she's like
that'd be the last one I was so stressed
cuz it was broken and I was like wait no
cuz cuz I think you twisted it all
around and so it disconnected I went she
was handling I was like wow she's a boss
not bad of a shot no it's just when you
don't expect it these things are not
real shots are just really really fast
vibration oh wow there is there is one
thing that does hurt oh really
if you do it on your neck yes it hurts a
lot
stupid colour Steve did in his nose but
you're all doing that alright but okay
wait wait wait wait but when you do it
right make sure that you have this
pressed and that you have your hand on
this so that the circuits short believe
it's time to press this down well you
know you have to press this down so that
it's honest to her and they do it on my
skin
ah yeah here yeah so Trey found out that
something makes Lindsay laughs
unfortunately it's this in a terrified
so the Lord don't bless me today okay I
now know what it's like we're gonna
dream at full volume
