oh I'm an idiot uh here we go hey
juvenile what up buddy oh don't do that
you know what my mother is watching this
stream so I'm gonna punch you one time
and now you learned your lesson all
right we can be friends again
nope you missed me you deserve to get
punched you missed again
I don't want to kill you
I don't want to do it don't make me do
it
I'm sorry I'm sorry I didn't mean to
kill you with the flare gun
it just happens Lord Loki you didn't see
shit you didn't see a goddamn thing in
it
alright juvenile juvenile can you bring
me to my house
so we can start these missions just me
and my very friend on a motorcycle me
and my furry friend doing what we want
me and my furry friend we're gonna do
stuff and buy stuff I mean fuck each
others butts it's me and my best friend
we're in a mess me oh wait I got a call
from Lester get when you when you when
you kill people in a video game does it
make you want to kill people in real
life
good okay because if you were gonna say
yes in your in your child voice there's
gonna be probably the most terrifying
thing I've ever heard my entire life I
said that you're an adorable child or
you have Benjamin Button disease and
you're wise beyond your years for some
reason in my head you're like you're
like a nine year old kid with like a
with a like a teardrop tattoo under your
eye like you're young but you you've
killed someone it's okay just just don't
cry oh I always got words oh he got
words imma tell your mom and she's only
gonna give you half a lunchable tomorrow
yeah oh wait is that you there we go
wait that was you damn run inside my
house you're a mean person you're a mean
child I how badly
okay Thank You semi random messages it's
cuz he it's cuz he has candy and a
really cool van I hear it has an Xbox
inside get off your phone oh sorry Dirk
sorry sorry yes she was tweeting some
mean shit okay oh god I think she might
be I think she might be dead she's dead
officer officer this man named Dirk he
he killed this woman huh I'm trying to
make a citizen's arrest let's see get
back here no no I didn't do anything
really really Tina I'd like to talk to
you about a low interest loan Gina Jesus
it's not that scary
trying to help you invest in your
futures about you Greg giving loans to
people that can't afford them you're
despicable
you're worse than me the worse I mean
Jerome you know what you're actually a
good guy I feel bad that you're here
right now but Tina she's a bitch she
deserves it okay well we need two more
people anyway so if you're in the chat
and you are on Xbox one wait did you get
that uh oh no the cops know Conor no no
no he was so young he was unarmed - I
saw everything the police opened fire he
didn't have a grenade or anything
