Oh how are you I'm so great today
oh is this DeFranco dieting calm yeah
ting of course fantastic pay which you
actually use no BS fees sketchy charges
stupid plans cell service get awesome
service on the device that you want get
save some money the average tink
customer just pays $23 a month for their
one device and best of all with this
promotion we're going to be giving away
$300 in ten credit and a pixel to which
Joe how are we doing that you were doing
a meme contest we're gonna submit some
photos people are gonna have to submit
their edited photo with the mean okay
and whatever whatever one you pick you
think is the best bill it's me yeah
we're gonna lower down to like the top
five and you're gonna pick it what do
you think about that Phil I'm all
nervous cuz this is gonna mean that
everyone that submits it doesn't get
featured they'll know that you hate them
top 5 the other four are gonna be pretty
pissed is that what that means
Phil so what we're gonna do today is
we're gonna go around to a couple people
in the office we're gonna do a prank
call to a family member but what's gonna
happen is that they have to pick a
certain topic or line out of a hat and
they have to say that line or topic to
their this is extremely damaging where
it will be anything crazy to have signed
up right of course though so we're gonna
do a couple little print calls and it's
gonna be fun Phil great then we're gonna
see who's gonna win that phone okay cool
see a little bit you want a prank call
anyone still no okay you sure yeah I
need I need literally everyone to
believe everything that I say okay when
yeah when you do that you know we're
doing alright so so apparently I have to
call someone say I'm 40 minutes from
home I'm headed to a dinner meeting and
I just shit my pants what do I do
alright are you gonna call I could call
my mom I don't think she's gonna fall
for that shit but like if you see your
pants before it's
all right what do you guys think think
she's gonna pick up she's gonna fall for
the prank yes yeah she's gonna pick up
I'm actually gonna pop it guys I mean
Brianna Brad I could sell it sell it
girl well I see what you can do don't
speak you're pumped all the way up right
hey so so here's the deal uh so remember
that meeting I'm supposed to go to with
Amanda
so I accidentally shit my pants on the
405 and like I don't have time so what
do I do
so I shit my pants you know like actual
poop like in my pants no I'm pulled over
but yeah shit pants yeah actual shit in
my pants okay
not anymore because they were filled
with shit so I'm poo bearing it no no I
mean like they're in my car like I'm not
gonna throw them out
but can I stop by your house because
like we're meeting on the west side so
can I stop by your house and pick up
pants okay mom I do have to let you know
this is this is just plan
I didn't shit my pants I'm at work I'm
surprised that you went along with it
because maybe see how as you said her
pants before in the past
can you post my sus4 pairs of plastic
paper pants what are people pants no
okay mom's really gonna post made you
some pants
not let you come to her house meeting
cool all right who's next
pick someone in the office to make a
call with your phone they will claim
they found your phone in a restaurant
and want $200 to give the phone back
okay no will you do something for me
what will you prank call my sister and
tell her that you found my phone in a
restaurant and you want $200 to get this
home back oh I already feel guilty of my
stomach um my name is Harry and I found
yours I guess is this your sister yes I
found your sister's phone at a
restaurant and I have it um is there any
way we could get ahold of her okay well
I'll hold on to it and if you like want
to try to get ahold of her she can have
it back for like $200 hello yeah I mean
I don't know dear she lost it it's not
my fault I'm just doing I hope do you
want to try to get ahold of it's about
to be 250 if you don't call back
she is planning her wedding right now
and she's already stressed she's going
to murder me and tell her that you put
me out I feel bad hey it's Kristy
Hillary's in here she says she's sorry
if you want to say anything did you get
the voicemail that Hillary left for you
good so I just got text from my mom
yeah apparently these are paper
underwear paper pants oh shit yeah get
some he says you see them at the airport
all the time that way you don't have to
pack dirty underwear on your way home do
your mom's is the shit she travels a lot
get you some paper underwear but she's
gonna come in sometime right boys who
wants to do a prank call thank ya all
right what does it say call a family
member tell them you cheated on your
significant other and ask them if you
should do you have a girlfriend right I
do
okay cool the well then this one works
out how long have you guys been dating
too long are you gonna call now I'm
gonna come on madre make sure you get
this oh don't speakerphone yeah she
doesn't say something wrong hello no
what are you done
nice so I want to talk to you about
something
alright so so I don't know what to do I
was drinking the other night from the
office friends a team gave us a Google
pixel two and $300 in team credit which
is about right here
to give away so the way we're gonna do
this is we mean we're gonna mean Briana
so take this picture to go and meme it
so put text on it we'll send it to
Briana meme dream at gmail.com James the
meme king is gonna pick the final five
finalists and then Phil's gonna pick the
winner there are some cook terms and
conditions you have to be in the US and
or Canada will list all of that on the
email and we respond to you but good
luck good I believe when I'm in your
hype stuff it's like in the last couple
about me thinking about all the memes
I'm gonna get to look at and they better
be funny okay so I got a lot of shit I
got a look at don't make aliyah more
shit give me some good stuff do that
look again I was pretty cool you look
like a worm coming out of an apple Phil
do that again that movement with your
head yeah that's great reminds me of my
childhood
why what happened in your childhood
nothing Phil but remember though all
those books that they say that they you
know there were worms come out of be a
bookworm that's it yeah they always told
you to be a bookworm told you yeah there
would be a bookworm of course every
single I like a Book Fair is so awesome
we didn't have money so I'd always have
to like
get one book or just look at books oh
yeah you know they give you the paper
beforehand uh-huh I'm gonna go away and
you're gonna get books
I remember the book fair on my gas bill
that was that was a fun time all right
though uh everything went well no-nobody
nobody offended anyone everybody took
the joke very well I hope those true
families are still families everybody's
still your family and hanging out and
yeah we pulled uh we're fast eight here
Phil famiglia
we're familiar that's what we're doing
cool Phil what a fun day I'm glad that
you enjoyed it gladly yeah do you sure
you don't want a prank call anyone no
I'm 100% sir what should we call it a
title this video so we could prank calls
Phil DeFranco prank calls
I don't know just I just want to throw
this in at the end I don't name the vlog
throw it out there people like Phil why
is it always like so like TZ bullshit my
Joe doesn't I don't care like I didn't I
click bait baby
click pays what it's about felt like
bait all right cool Phil hope you have a
good day let's do it no he's still the
scissor thing let's do it Phil oh I
didn't I forgot that there was motion to
move sorry like that she okay she asked
if you'd threw him out the window and
you were like no I kept them I cried in
my pants and then she was like that's
gross
