alright who's playing who's playing what
are you working on
stuff stuff I think I always ask you
that emails meetings emails filming
emails phone call wow so many emails so
many emails so Phil uh we're getting
close to the the new year yeah well uh
what are you what are you looking
forward to in the new year oh well one
before the new year I'm excited for like
a week off yeah that's awesome I'm
pretty sure like four days then I'll be
like let me get back to it hmm I think
new year probably starting the live
shows right I think we're gonna test
them first behind behind the scenes and
hopefully new space by March yeah we're
supposed to be able to get that new
space March April cuz I mean I don't
know I think you've been filming in
there a bunch we've been having to like
convert that room to a bunch of stuff
yeah we have to change that room seventy
different times it's pretty ridiculous
bill so we need that new space you know
so yeah man I think I think that's a
good thing I think that's a good thing
that to want in a new year yeah that's
what today's vlog is about it Oh what
are you excited for next year si up to
next year but showing the people a
little bit of how many times at room
changes up that's the point of the
episode yeah it sound like you got like
a dope idea you're like you're like you
huh free ice cream so yeah a little walk
through the day of the life of the
vlogedy room that's and why we leave
this new space cuz we're growin a girl
want to move it we're moving and growing
alright keep doing with gadget we're
about to start our weekly livestream
we're gonna try and use this balanced
gimbal think and a smooth that out make
it look like a cinematic movie planned
game of giant Jenga with some
disadvantages are who's playing who's
playing
back ok ok so real quick before we get
started I'm gonna be explained and on
the live stream anyway ok you two are a
team and you two are a team yes you're
gonna alternate right so Hillary goes
and then Briana goes and then Christy
goes Luke will be managing chat yeah any
super chats just feel free to interrupt
and say this person has a thing we also
have to shout out that guy sent you on
the slack okay guys ready everyone ready
yes ok ok we are live so as you guys can
see we are planning giant Jenga game
this is
doing
all right ladies what's going on working
on holiday content right not Christmas
so holiday
I forgot we don't talk about Brian
anymore
give me any hints of what uh what what
you're working on yeah at all what
you're give me like a topic that you're
working on why is there holiday trees
you know
Germans oh really where are their
ornaments German okay cool and when is
this content going live well it's the
holiday vacation right all right can't
wait what y'all doing building a set for
what super exciting Zack are you excited
how you gonna make it look what's the
what's the motivation what sir meson
seen huh what's in the frame that you
know has purpose and meaning to tell the
story film school 101 guys the field
that we were told was to have it feel
like it was a dinner table people
talking that's our me zone scene that's
the meat on scene we're doing a square
table and we're doing a round table we
want to be able to shoot for people we
want to be able to let everyone have
their own like piece of the frame
without cutting each other off so we're
gonna try a couple different sets and
tables and angles then find out what
looks best cool
well good luck thank yous on scene we
got the meat on scene
so we have Nina standing in now we're
gonna start cramming up we're gonna drop
these Edison bulbs down to there and
frame we're gonna get some light running
back from the other side so that we
don't just have one bright side and one
dark side you know I don't want to be
that dramatic like sneeze home scene are
you on the podcast
what's the researcher researching now
close looking pretty good guys good work
thanks Bernie
way to go well I can't wait to see what
we create right Nina word stuff things
subshell hi Phil how you doing I'm just
recording you before you do live stream
yeah yeah that is accurate I shot a show
yeah I did meetings that I'm meditative
made a 7-minute you meditated that's
cool Phil yeah we got a lot of life
stuff going on in the office maybe I'll
sneak in here I don't know what this
video is Joe you just fucking nice too
Joe everyone else could fucking care
that's why you're my favorite person
you're like my sounding board for very
colorful ways to say mean things I think
we're just both processing your presence
oh shit can I just barge in here like in
middle of your life so yes master I'll
get the hold on all right here you go
Phil next year water thank you maybe
we'll do a live stream of you drinking
all that one you go in life they go in
life how much longer forty totems gonna
barge in there in a couple minutes
please don't do that here we go oh there
he is there he is
we're live we're live we'll do it live
was he talking about
he needs to have a town hall but this
isn't the Town Hall wait I just heard my
name no they said I'm perfect okay cool
there's anything about me who they said
you can go fuck yourself oh really
yes we is that invitation ago no that's
not gonna go all right now what are we
doing here we are setting up the sound
for a live stream it's gonna be
happening tomorrow so what goes into
setting up this audio give me a little
lesson we attach the mic clip by first
taking off this windscreen we've got
this little alligator clip right here
that has a circular loop the hardest
possible focus but we do it ready go
boom boom got it I got it I know they
know but tell you can even tell me what
type of mic this is we're trying to
people oh yeah this is a wireless
lavalier mic so you talk into this thing
it goes into this little transmitter
right here using this fancy futuristic
antenna and then the receiver which also
has a decade's old antenna thanks goes
into our external you have to make this
seem mystical so that like what we make
is magic that's where the audio comes
and then we've recorded cool now how do
you know that that antenna goes with
that antenna jack has the ability to
switch which receiver yes so you can
change what frequency yes so because
there's frequencies in the airwaves the
problem is that a lot of those
frequencies are controlling what we
think right now basically if I went into
detail about that I'd shut down Brenda
says you have a tinfoil
get on my height bro
all right help me out
this is like hairdos with conspiracy
theories alfalfa da Li I'm reasonably
sure this is not going to protect my
brainwaves actually well good job
everybody all right hey do you have the
test footage again then there you go
which one did you like the best out of
the puck how a podcast set up circle we
need a bigger circle table but I like
circle table circle table if we get a
bigger one
all right we'll see what bill will like
it's good meson scene right new James
this doesn't why would you think it
would what no yes did you guys sent me
something yes I'm watching footage yes
they did some tests I like that they're
just doing fake podcasting which is just
making reaction yeah they have so many
different setups for you - which one
which one do you like so well I told
them that I wanted was essentially just
sent up the room like we had it for the
kc nice day one because when you're face
to face with someone and you're kind of
in closer proximity I feel like of a
better conversation we've done podcast
in the past where it's kind of like that
four-person setup where it's at a table
I don't like it as much
mmm or like angled and it's like angling
for the audience even they trying to
have a conversation with someone I think
it's I mean this first one's gonna be
able you're like that face to face
that's our winner and I mean will rarely
ever use the side shop until I lose some
elby's olb cool yeah look look look at
what we did just for you and now we get
to in the New Year remake this whole set
again oh yes yeah when we do it next
time we're gonna have to do it in a way
where you can't see the lines oh yes me
shit bugs man no cuz we have to convert
that room so any time hello Phil
productive day I agree I did all the
things you did all things and still it
feels like I did none of the things
every day Phil and after comment yeah I
love that sweater on you love the pup
coat I just like layers just makes me
feel like it's like I'll hug ya this is
real like I'm by myself most the time I
need a hug I think we need to take a
modeling photo of you know we get some
JCPenney attention what is with you and
JCPenney why are you why are you aiming
for the center a bum daytime
I'm eating a a me yeah kid fuck that are
aiding and abetting what are you doing
I'm aiming for the lowest standard in
hopes that the lowest the lowest of low
will pick a very highly potential and
talented I want to point out something
you speak in a way that public speakers
are supposed to speak what is that
there's no power or value in any of the
words that are coming out of your face
you pause yeah which is what many great
speakers do it just hooks you it makes
you wait oh coming next
oh so you're giving me a great
compliment saying that these poses are
is how you choose to take it that is
good great I love this Phil so glad it's
a compliment I always wanted to be a
public speaker maybe that's part two
male model term publics public speaker
they do it all the time on Instagram got
zero on the clock you guys ready yeah go
that's pretty damn good guys
