Heights it's the last speech of the
night so I'm going to keep it short guys
because let's face it we all on a dream
get our dance on
but I want to start off tonight's speech
by recognizing Rick Doty give it a trick
is that yeah the lights right here on
you're pretty good anything is possible
this is going on a most amusing weddings
I've ever been do so thank you so much
for all this this is the best so I too
also wrote my speech out because I knew
when I gave it I was going to be having
the Bennett all right when Phil asked me
to be his best man I thought two things
one why are you filming this
this is just weird but then look asked
me on the ok it's for the blog ok but -
god I hope I don't screw this up
Valentine's Day 2005
Chet Hurley and Steve Chen yeah created
ok I'm just crowning achievement of the
ultimately bringing these two together
here here that to mention give jobs to
half the people in this room I'll never
forget the moment Phil realized he was
gonna marry Lyndsey um and was just you
and me hanging out at your place Lindsay
was out of town and Philip mentioned to
me he said I'm really tired and I was
thinking to myself ah tough tough day of
playing xbox but he was tired tired and
he says because Lindsay's out of town
any time Lindsay's out of town I never
get a good night's sleep
stay strong bro don't cry
think about action movies okay but no
that was the moment I realized it was
gonna marry Lyndsey and that was just a
moment so you know Phil I don't pay this
compliment to a lot of people you're one
of the smartest guys I know you're also
funny kind generous loyal and genuine to
a tee and I don't think there's a person
in this room that would argue with me
when I say marrying Lyndsey was and will
be the smartest thing you ever do in
your entire life well you know what a
champion because where you are weak
Lyndsey is strong Lyndsey if you know
what I'm sorry it's your special day so
for that today you're perfect you're
absolutely you're not weak at all all
right who's got flaws but you are but
you guys aren't meant for each other and
the best part is you have the perfect
symbol of that baby Trey
I look in his eyes and I see the very
best of the both of you so on that note
I'd like everybody to raise their glass
and toast to Lindsey and Phil may God
bless your family into a long and happy
marriage all right guys Wow I've logged
it you guys check my channel out
youtube.com
