oh my goodness I just heard an echo what
was that no there's no echo welcome to
what I'm calling the overflowed number
one let's be honest we've tried this
before it's not the overflown hey hey
Papa to Franklin stop talking over me I
wanna you're already ruining this video
before we get started I do want to thank
Full Sail dot edu slash Ville for
sponsoring the first episode of whatever
the heck this is if you don't know if
you want an online degree a campus
degree for something that you really
love in mobile app development game
design film other stuff Full Sail about
edu in fact it's something that I
believe in and that we end up getting a
sponsorship through with them because so
many people that work here went through
full sales so I'm not saying that I'm
gonna hire if you do it but it we do
have a proven track record of doing so
so thank you to them for I guess they're
kind of they're kind of an OG sponsor if
this becomes a thing or they they
sponsored one of my failed ventures so
thank you to them and also thank you to
Papa to Franco and Lindsey Dodi but
soon-to-be Lindsay to Franco for being a
part of this this live stream we're also
we're also pushing it out on twitch.tv
slash to Franco games because I wanted
us to have a conversation but I wanted
people to be able to judge you as you
had that conversation with me how can I
see that oh you can go to twitch TV
slash DeFranco games don't worry they're
just they're just they're just they're
just saying hashtag Linds but because I
take so many pictures of your butt and
post out on the internet which is weird
doesn't even well some of them I can but
I don't like advertising that because I
don't want people to try to steal my
phone actually so that's a that's a
question that I kind of want to know
pops before they're a bad angle
No yes that's the question I'm gonna ask
my father no no my question for you is
before before cell phone hacking and
cloud hacking and all that stuff do you
feel like you received more well it's
probably not it's not accurate because
you've been married so long but before
cellphones were such a big thing did you
get how do people send nudes because
that's my question nudes not news oh no
different spectrums no I mean you mean
before computers or cell phone I don't
know how how old are you cuz I know that
you used to you used to probably get
booty calls on pagers which yeah pretty
much that's right right so like was
there it was there like a code yeah
you've made up your own code didn't it
what was yours used are you still using
them what about what about you Lindsey
how many nudes have you sent 5,000 seems
about right
no zero zero nude hey Lindsey Lindsey
has a UH Lindsey has a very big policy
of no pictures of anything ever because
let's be nice to Padilla it's gonna end
up out there somehow you're keeping me
you're keeping us safe together yeah
that's what it is
so so question pops I'm gonna use this
as a way to catch up with you how are
you doing all right yeah yeah you know
what you know there's a lot of
satisfaction that rejected you yeah does
it does it affect your your destiny
gameplay no it's actually what keeps me
going rejection medications that have a
normal-type life and I wouldn't be so
trying to
how cuz I don't even play video games at
home anymore which so Lindsay's delight
no but so how many hours of destiny
do you play a day I'm on TV a lot of
times people are messaging me thinking
I'm on destiny but you know I'm not some
reason it's lit up there is there is
this real and there's actually quick
actually quit it or go to a battlefield
or something just to take destiny off
yeah running in the back yeah it's
really weird just because you do you
have everything actually through your
Kinect or your your Xbox one so so I can
actually keep tabs on you which is
really weird it's really odd Oh Papa
DeFranco who is it
I know who is it oh oh he's muting us
now we have to talk to each other
Lindsey oh that's crazy actually I could
pay attention I know where you just
let's be honest aw your eyes looking
down we're just looking at the chat and
seeing if people were complimenting you
on your looks
no I was texting Ashley because she got
the birthday present I sent her today
mm-hmm oh what'd you get her I got her
aspartame machine but then opened it
while she's at work and was like what's
this big pink hamper and it's like this
great antenna but anyways so I mean do
you do you like the the spray tan scent
because I know that we just bought will
you just bought one yeah did I do an
okay enough job yeah like learns through
YouTube video and then we have to
practice a little bit but I think it was
good it was it was trial and error at
first I gave so I mean I'm I was on
board from the get-go I was on board
because well okay correction I was not
on board and then you got naked and then
I was super super on board and I was
like we're gonna do this then I got
angry again but you're you're
and my penis got us through it I feel
like yeah he got really angry what up
doing you told me to hold it I'm like
just big deal we're not gonna die it's
fine I
I hate failing at things that's the
today I feel like I was like I feel like
I got thrown into a pop quiz for a class
I wasn't taking yeah and I was like is
it thank you I
except for your boobs oh and your feet
yeah no well so pops Lindsay got a
Lindsay got a spray tan machine and I
tested it on her and we did an okay job
but I feel like yeah your feet got job
you wash it off if you don't like it
yeah yeah so like if it didn't turn out
good I could have just rents it off you
did good but still for the wedding I'm
getting it professionally done I advise
that very much so I'm I'm almost well
I'm not much a white boy you're like the
white is it saying gay I know I know I'm
white I have no hair I don't know if I'm
actually your son this has never been
ever like ever well you know maybe this
wouldn't even come there until I was
twenty nine ish yeah so maybe maybe
maybe at some point yeah I don't know
I'm just wondering if I ever will get it
I would love I would love it I don't
know if Lindsay would love it I mean
this is four days home okay yeah I don't
know I'd like to just I I just I feel
like I just I look like just a really
tired graduate student and like like an
adult
you look like Oh Lindsay's dress in you
you look like in it job with that does
that constitute yeah I was gonna say
does that constitute a humble brag
you're like
you now know I said you're dressing like
an adult
I didn't bring me into it no it's me now
that you're taking my fashion advice
really quick we're gonna keep talking
but because I've been able to free up
some time if you do have some more
questions that you want to pass on to
myself Papa to Franco or to Lin's loves
just in general I'll put the the Twitter
accounts in the description but for
right now just write in the chat and
I'll try to answer it all Lindsay's let
answers or lies though you should just
probably know that so Lindsay tell me
something important I'm gonna put you on
the spot it's something important yes
well not important interesting no no
this is the reason I the reason I asked
you is I feel like uncertain for certain
weeks I feel like I get half of my
stories from you so what's something
what's something that I die miss talking
about that you think I should have
talked about well this is like hardcore
maybe you talked about today but like
the ISIS guys are you time at the New
York ones yeah what is what does that
make you feel like like does it does it
scare you did you kind of expect there
to be people that in America that wanted
to join Isis do attacks or no well
there's obviously people here that want
to do that I mean yesterday they said
they came out and said that there's
ongoing what's the word investigations
in every state now even Alaska of people
who they think are planning to do a
taxes here then so the 19 year old that
got arrested yesterday and I haven't
looked at it since then so but from what
I heard yesterday the 19 year old that
got arrested couldn't his mom took away
his passport because she was scared that
he was gonna go try to join Isis so then
so like good on her but then at the same
time he stayed here and it was like I'm
gonna join the military and then I'm
gonna do an attack on the military or
kill Obama so it's like good on the mom
but then you just kind of stuck here I'd
rather someone go
I feel like because you said kill Obama
even in reference to something else we
are all on a list you know what yeah I
like I took Arabic so it's like always
googling Arabic stuff I think and
because we have like the trusted
traveler program I think we're probably
yeah they're like they're like Philip
DeFranco is marrying a sympathizer she's
a potential extremist
I was because because we cuz pops I know
I don't know if you know this we we got
Global Entry and I was actually a little
surprised that they gave it to me I mean
Lindsay will probably say it's because
I'm the most cynical person on the
planet I even see that well no but I was
I was surprised they gave me Global
Entry cuz I mean I've said we talk about
you well no just just come back into the
country they don't have to scream you
yeah yeah they're just like always right
it's essentially a free prostate exam I
even bought you your own box of gloves
so this is a question I saw from from
the chat
Lindsay is there anything Phil is not
allowed to do at his bachelor party yeah
well like I don't want him to like hang
out with fans alright don't hang out
with fans okay no I'd rather have that
wait just just lady fans or dude fans
too and it was just weird there was a
girl that what well November we're okay
like I was like you can take body shots
as long as it's off a waitress or a
stripper or something
yeah Lindsay has this this policy of I'm
allowed to do stuff as long as it's with
a professional I mean that's kind of an
oversimplification but it is kind of
what she said
yes but every woman has lips and hands
they're pros with those things no no you
didn't sell you out of the bus I've just
I'm just listening to my father say
these things no no not with you but you
were saying it's their job to like give
you a lap dance I don't want some random
girl in a bar or a club they like oh
you're the bachelor elected you know
what though she just like might have
worked earlier at a different club we
don't know yeah what if she is what if
she's like like she's off duty and then
going out that's not a quality stripper
so what I mean what I mean life is
filled with intersections right so what
if it is a stripper who is also a fan
that's happened twice
can I can I specifically organized
events Oh fans who are strippers I just
play like I know I know so what about
what about you pops was there it was
there anything for like Rita or any
previous Bachelorette that you were like
no don't do that not my my marriage to
Ray was just different it wasn't well I
guess no there was a bachelor party in
Atlantic City we had a blast
it wasn't there wasn't like anyways yeah
you're discussing your open thing here
my thing is wiping my bachelor party was
mine I'm not in front of anybody else's
eyes but me and who about to marry in
the friends I went with so yeah I mean
that was that it's not out there for
anybody to see
talk about 22 years later almost why am
i bringing this up I love I love just
really I think people probably noticed
it too
that little pause when you were talking
about what happened you're like we went
to Atlantic City
we had a blast they went from this would
happen in and it was a blast
is it landing city I've never been as an
adult is essentially skanky Vegas well
yeah agus is very much like Trump like
Trump Tower I mean every place has its
own different atmosphere well you know
Vegas thing you know but Atlantic City
is definitely lower yeah you don't have
as much traffic you know a bunch of
years so it's probably way it's probably
built up because it was quiet because he
had the boardwalk where the ocean was I
mean that was nice so if they lit it up
and brightened an effort easily from
yeah yeah so what Lindsey I know that I
didn't I don't think I gave you any
restrictions on your bachelorette party
but what were things that you you were
like I don't want but you also think
would have been things that in a
bachelorette party across the line
things that would cross the well it
depends on who it is like I didn't want
strippers I don't like guys strippers I
think they're disgusting I don't want
like oily peanuts on me that's all it is
just dicks and it makes me uncomfortable
but I don't know I think we said dance
like if I danced with another guy that
would be crossing the line which totally
makes sense yeah slow dance leave room
for Jesus wait I'd rather what with what
what rather me slow dance with a guy
then like booty dance with a guy yeah I
don't know I uh but yeah I mean because
I know that like I know in my head it
would bother me if like you were
grinding on some dude but I'm actually I
think that'd be a good question for for
people that are watching if your girl
your
guy and it's like with because I think
we probably have we might have different
thoughts on it if it was like you know
it was like a group of friends and
everyone was dancing with everyone but
obviously like I wouldn't like grind
Jess and you wouldn't grind like James
but you know it's like it's like you
know friends but I do wonder if people
have that that same thought I mean we
also know couples that that think that
someone watching porn is cheating which
is yeah it's just crazy that is wild
bachelorette parties like you just dance
with your girlfriends it's like you're
just out there yeah my all my thoughts
are with four bachelorette parties are
girls and penis hats with penis straws
putting penises on things cake we had a
penis like veil for someone that doesn't
want oily penises flapping around their
face you're just you're all about the
the plastic and edible penises yeah you
know when I feel like I feel like it was
made it was made by The Cake Boss
himself I uh I do wonder I you know what
now you're just making me wonder random
facts like I wonder how much penis cakes
outsell vagina cakes has to be by a
landslide yes even though even though
one is far more attractive than the
other oh wait
Pop's is like pops is like no you know
I've seen some good dips in my day the
great dick sorry is I just sometimes I
just like saying a weird shit to you dad
but now I think I think my I think my
bachelor party is
I'm just gonna I'm just gonna leave it
and then walk away no I I think I think
my bachelor party is gonna be pretty
pretty chill if anything my my groomsmen
have been just been arguing about which
club to go to one wants to go to AI
think it's called Beacher's Madhouse and
the other got some hookup somewhere and
they're just arguing exactly that's what
I said what are you going this weekend
no so I'm leaving tomorrow in the
morning and just you know so we can
kinda get there get ready and then kind
of gamble and then go out into the night
when you're coming home the night before
your wedding for rehearsal no like I was
like I'm just gonna disappear for two
and a half weeks no I I'm gonna go and
watch Emma call it I'm gonna get be back
Sunday nice and easy
I might get a I might get a what should
I call it what Lindsay what's the name
of that company yes a tattoo I'm gonna
get I'm gonna get your faith your face
over my bellybutton
my belly buttons my bellybutton is gonna
be your mouth hands gonna be good yes
you'll just always be like I'm gonna
good look you have a tattoo you'll yeah
what what are you talking about I got a
tattoo are you fucking with me no weird
I'm the tip of my penis no no no I just
was never my thing so many opportunities
Thomas that's you know the rough one
yeah I was like all I could think of I
was like you must have killed with the
Catholics on Good Friday
that's terrible you just ruin like what
pastor Fisher Marcus says hello ladies
now wait is that no for me for me I
thought I thought that was made up by
afroman is that like a crazy arm is that
a crazy old phrase that was you say yeah
I was saying all kind of shit though
that's true
damn ah now uh ah now I got a what do
you think everything you see in the
Internet is real it's sort of catching
up to Sabrina oh that's rude you're rude
you're rude all right pops
what is your hmm I'm trying to think
what to say trying to think what to say
to you what is your favorite thing about
Lindsay oh my god yeah I know that's why
I asked wait so my boy yeah my great
perfect perfect
and she whipped what oh that's not true
what about what about popular marriage
and shit you get the brakes are on
that's like he'll he'll know I think
wait well yeah sometimes sometimes there
was I was talking to Lindsay about this
the other day I woke up at two o'clock
in the morning and she knew the right
buttons to push to make sure I didn't
leave yeah she was shower 1:30 it was
like I'm just gonna head to the office I
was like you well first I was like are
you sure you don't want to take a
melatonin or anything just like you want
to smoke a little bit like just to go to
sleep
no I'm up I want to go sketchy like
that's really weird I'm really
uncomfortable with it and I was kind of
uncomfortable with it but I knew that if
I said that and I said that I was
uncomfortable and it
sketchy and I didn't trust him he would
stay off and he did and I did sleep yeah
which was it is important and like that
when I hear it said out loud it does
sound like this sketchy is they know so
no no no I know I yeah but I so what it
was was I was exhausted I think I used
to those things guys yeah no but I was
exhausted I think I passed out at 8:30
or 9 o'clock and and I woke up at 1:00
and and go back to sleep guess it's the
morning no no well I was just I was just
in the bathroom and then and then she
just looked at me like I had like shit
the bed in front of her and she was like
are you going to work you could like
stay home and chill if you wanted to be
away like it is sketchy you have to
admit it's the middle of it's not the
morning it's the middle of the night
2:00 a.m. is not I'm just I'm work and
I'm just so stupid I'm like who was up
and then I'm like oh normal people like
out enjoying their lives but I forget
how I forget how we got there I don't
know but like if it was 4:30 I get it
like you go in at 4:30 sometimes that's
I think four is considered early early
morning
maybe 4:30 yeah yeah no and I think yeah
I think we work together I uh it'll be
it'll be very interesting I know that
ever since I was like 10 years old my
dad well cuz dad who did we know that
you said they were married for like 15
years
or if not married they work together for
21 years and then they got married they
went to Mexico on vacation they were
like 21 years with the help they get
married they come home he was in the bar
every day after work and you stay after
3:00 4:00 in the morning whatever we
wanted to do he was sort of management
and construction field so pretty much
that was his life he did he did he shot
cool we're on different bar leagues
whatever so but right away within the
three months I say three weeks past when
they got back and she came down said
aren't you coming home he's like what
are you talking about it's Thursday
night you know I hang out but that's his
thing so and no it's fine for 21 years
and then all of a sudden she turned
around to are you fucking coming home
and then all of a sudden it became her
aggressing on a piece of paper and
that's basically what it was and then he
21 years in three months away and they
even left it there were the sweetest
people and they left his mortal enemies
they 80 Oh piece of paper we've all like
everybody's mind was below that these
two were breaking up they were like made
for each other it's just that she turned
around on that and said you're married
now gets together and now you're married
this piece of paper you means you've got
to come home at night
Wow I see what that's a yeah that's one
of those things though I wonder if like
because I mean obviously you don't know
them well I you know it's like looking
back so far I wonder if like if the
marriage ended up being like this
last-ditch effort to try and save it you
know there's like this thing that it was
like maybe this will seal this rocky
deal I don't know but that's I don't
know I
I hope oh go for it I was gonna say to
be honest I wouldn't marry a guy who
goes out till 4:00 a.m. every morning
she was into the bar leagues and you
know bowling weeds and it was all
through
we got realized in New York though and
you go to a bar the league system each
bar could have 50 to 200 people that
participate in softball baseball bowling
darks pool football so on so forth so
it's sort of a underground system
because some of these guys or a semi
pros and it's really competitive it's
dinner and like he was a he was a
linebacker you know so the main point we
learned is that marriage ruins
everything says the guy
wait says the guy married the most
amazing woman I've ever met in my entire
life
yes but what happened before this if we
want to go there no he does know
sometimes it doesn't work out I think
sometimes it doesn't work out and people
kind of just stay together for bad
reasons whether it be kids or money
reasons or whatever I uh I don't know I
feel like I feel like I'm in a good
place though I got I got this this yeah
this this hot girl that I tricked into
liking me it's pretty good I'm sure I'm
just trying to shut my mouth so that
when you talk you actually pop up on
screen so I'm not looking at the small
icon of you I could well I wouldn't look
at us either but I think you know what I
think that's a good note to go out on
Papa to Franco hates love and no not at
all no I I wanna I would want it I want
to continue this further and I feel like
we were just getting started and flowin
but I gotta go get a haircut so that all
the the strippers I see this weekend
understand I'm a businessman I'm
actually scared I'm actually a little
scared because I've heard from strippers
that some people like the some strippers
take out they're like Angry Men hate
aggression out on bachelors but
hopefully that's just like the scummy
hands on like doing stuff that you're
not supposed to bachelors and not I feel
awkward around half-naked women and I
don't know what to do with my hands
bachelors did you just admit that you're
scared of strippers oh I'm totally
terrified of strippers I don't I feel
awkward at up you've never been no I've
been and I've enjoyed looking but you're
talking about like a guy that feels
crazy social anxiety and I'm meeting
someone in no way on
the same level it's like I'm I have all
these clothes on and it's like I have
money
and then they're like I'm naked give me
your money and I'm like how much do I
need to talk to you should I talk to you
told you where do I put my hands like
bowling balls no I'm joking
but in a strip of you and never the guy
with the bill in your teeth no no I was
I was the guy I'm the guy sitting down
next to my friend who's getting a lap
dance who's having a conversation that's
that's my favorite thing is I'm so I'm
I'm so weird with with strip clubs that
I like go to Yelp reviews and then
there's so many people I didn't realize
why are you gonna waste your time and
money at a mediocre exactly but but most
of the comments on Yelp most of the
comments on Yelp are like they have a
surprisingly good steak like why are you
eating there how much time are you
spending here I put anything in my mouth
Lyndsey was their last note that you had
just that one person who went to club
with you and got clam chowder and then
passed out on with her head yeah but you
know when you're that drunk
I'm sure strip clubs clam chowder is
heaven even though it's oh yeah oh you
want the clam
Oh No so many terrible things but on
that note if you did like this be sure
to hit that subscribe button maybe hit
that like button and or thumbs up or
whatever the hell it is these days also
thank you to Full Sail about edu slash
Phil also thank you to Papa DeFranco and
at Lin's DeFranco I like that I just
threw out your Twitter handle I don't
know why and I'm like wait what pops
what's yours throw it out there real
fast
papa nobody care of just playing at te
pa pa and Outlands DeFranco I'm gonna go
get a haircut
Lindy's gonna go take care of a baby and
Papa DeFranco is going to save what's
left of Earth in destiny I gotta get you
a headset you look like someone at a LAN
party I love you
