so we hit it yes please it should have
started so but also our shits gonna be
messed up because an intravenous really
loud yeah just shines yell out of it
shut up ok no specifically shut the fuck
up Phil says shut the fuck up also I
love you and you could probably hear me
through the wall wait what is it hang on
what he's talking to you guys were on a
google hangout we're doing some shit Oh
secret freako business ok now if you too
much started jacking off from her oh
there it is yeah i took that sexual
harassment thing oh we all know it's
this small it's weird it's like an
albino carrot what it's like like I just
like something that you'd get in a pack
of 100 that's what it looks like see the
best thing is they can't hear your
responses oh my god that's right over
the first day when you were afraid to
fart here I wish I could go back to that
day Stephen Stephen is it a
gastrointestinal problem is it like a
deal or are you just farting a lot for
no reason um I'd like to think that it
was from the bean burrito today plus the
coffee which is a diuretic uh it just
it's just having a lot more than usual
today and I don't regret a thing I'm
sorry hey hey Stephen does this impress
you better why it's backwards fucking
Jewish Church what I'm not a bit overlay
once you got Stephen take it off now
take it you know take it off in command
Oh wha wha wha wha that's cool or
anything I can be
