everything he's like that's an awful you
would say that's not his first word
octopus my mom could my first word other
than mom and dad and probably dog was
banana so octopuses shooting for the
stars I think
was his way of trying to make it so
backward wasn't
we got it
yeah you did
well you my good guy just waiting for me
let's go get him huh good morning good
morning hey get up say hi to Daddy
oh hey Trey hey we just waiting it is
waiting
oh you ready get your day started huh
yeah let's do it let's do it you know
you're doing Trey no not the baseball
pack I didn't do anything that bad
Trey Trey are you are you seeing them
that stash of wires near like I have to
put it in my mouth
your butt do that if that is a dangerous
thing that's a dangerous game you're
playing I think you realize that slow up
now if you didn't realize why you're so
it's true ah I should watch girl I'm
gonna go to the real top why do you
sound like the dude from the tick I
don't know why Patrick Warburton voice
here's the deal Trey you need to get up
on that frame you need to come on ride
the train and write a church if he's not
gonna stop actually gives you all the
juice oh no all of them also great if
any stranger ever says these things you
run run for real run for real run for
real we gonna have a windowless van
members-only jacket maybe even a perm
but you just want in the exact opposite
direction he's gonna give you candy toys
you just run away
he's like I'm confused though everything
you said sounds pretty awesome sounds
amazing
he's like who's this guy Oh missing the
point of the story he wants to cause
trouble are you going
so this is before anyone brag hey don't
do it it's not worth it oh no my son's
taken to the pole mm-hmm
I failed as a father so we got tray over
here they got George hanging out behind
other dogs we got these guys if I got $2
on the fighting chance
wait ponytail or guy getting choked out
we gotta get in choke my money's on the
clean-cut guy yes rabbit down baby do it
my brown run shred run Trey don't be
like Kevin anybody keep playing catch
with yourself oh that's so far get it
you got it
Oh shrimp is like what did I do
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
