sup nation so something I wanted to
share with you I want to preface this
the although clip is not a sponsor yet
ah no but uh if you've never heard of
ala clip they have lens attachments for
like your phone stuff like that and
previous versions have been okay it's
like odd it fits on the side but they
finally did something that I wish I wish
like not only them but anyone had done
before and that was they made it so that
it can work on either camera so it used
to go around just the side but now when
you put it on you get the front and back
attachments at the same time so what I
want to show you is let's see the first
one the first one is wide right so now
when I'm talking to you I look like this
you know it provides a little extra room
if I'm using the back of the camera to
point it myself just to make sure that
I'm not just like zoomed in on the mouth
part this is pretty nice and then if I
want to go really wide right so now you
have that you know something kind of
nice get a lot of stuff in in the shot
all at once
as you can see Trey has taken over our
living room not as bad as it used to be
but there's also a third lens I'm gonna
have to switch it back cuz it involves
going too wide and then you screw it off
let's hope that I don't accidentally
alright
so now you're a macro and we'll go let's
see what could we go see what'll Robbie
good so get up close up close and
personal with something I'm like what do
we have carpets look weird dog hair also
looks weird hey hey what's that
what's that I see I can see all the
things living in your fur oh hey what's
up how you doing Duke how you doing dude
so just want to share it like I said not
a sponsor don't have an affiliate code
so it's pretty cool I'm glad they
finally did it glad that finally did it
also uh I'd show I'd showcase what the
front video looks like except that uh
I dropped my phone a few times and I
think that's the reason the audio sounds
bad when I do front-facing camera stuff
now so whoops
