going on trip without a baby going on a
trip without up
going on a trip without our baby even if
it's due to dirt right well I don't know
what to expect everything I've heard
about Detroit has been this like super
polarizing my extreme thing but then I
heard good things I heard good things so
we'll see all i know is i'm bout to get
on a plane I don't have to worry about
calming a child down gonna make a stop
at the religious reflections room oh
good well I didn't know they had one of
those that's super
you know think of anyone yeah booty oh
shit so what's the future like is it
cool
I is the best reaction ever
me
yeah yeah get get her I get get the ball
the slap slap slap slap slap say stop
ball where's my money about ahh I can't
forgive you but I'll always love you
both someone's are looking with God know
someone's in the kitchen I
overall it was a great week and I didn't
record a lot we went out there we went
for the wedding we hung out we drank we
I didn't know Detroit had casinos went
there we killed it at the MGM one a lot
of money the wedding was fantastic and I
do have to say i have heard all these
terrible things about Detroit and what I
will say is that everyone I talked to
that was from Detroit was so proud of
how far the city has come over the past
five years and it was it was there was a
sense of this pride that they knew
people outside of Detroit were saying
and and that was actually one of the
request from the room it was like just
if you say anything about Detroit just
be honest about like what what you felt
and I will say it was it was nice
obviously it's still it's still bouncing
back there are places that everyone told
me like you don't want to go here
between certain places you know you just
need to be smart about the city but it's
it's still it's getting better and i
will say that detroit was everyone i met
in all facets was was very very
accommodating they were nice and it was
nice to see people that had pride about
their their home we don't really see
that in LA it's just it's complaining
myself included and it was nice to see
that again and I don't know I loved it
also congrats to those that play
draftkings with me over the weekend for
some MMA i won for the first time ever I
can first place in a 20-man League and I
came in sixth place in the 100 manly guy
lost by one point but i won I was
excited also so congratulations to the
top five of the DeFranco nation league
enjoy your eighteen hundred dollars in
prizes and of course if you do want to
participate follow me on twitter follow
me on facebook i tried it i really only
tweet and Facebook out about 24 hours
sometimes 12 hours before we actually do
stuff but that said i have about a
billion things i have to do today so
i'll see you next time
