sup nation it is it's Wednesday if you
didn't know I'm taking a small break
from filming the philip defranco show to
extend on a point but it's also kind of
a standalone video so I'm making this
for you right now a ton of people asked
me based on last night's State of the
Union and also yesterday's philip
defranco show what I think about people
getting taxed more for making more money
and also do I think that two year free
community college should be a thing now
before I move forward I probably
mentioned this in the philip defranco
show but I'm pretty I'm pretty moderate
like guns and gays I love them both go
for it I don't care in California I'm
considered a conservative in the South
I'm usually considered a raging liberal
it's whatever ok understand that
fiscally conservative socially liberal
for the most part I it's it's so that's
such a big hurdle for so many people to
get past which witch is which is a
problem but for the the higher taxation
yeah part of it bothers me I'm not gonna
go outside and pick it but it bothers me
it feels like it takes away from being
an entrepreneur and building a business
that's pretty successful and I'm getting
more money and now i have to give more
of it away but that's also because i
don't agree with a lot of the things my
government spends money on like I'm for
bettering the people but there's a lot
of waste and there's a lot of a lot I
mean I I love my country I don't think
of America's the best country in the
world but that's because statistically
or not it I enjoy living here though and
I like being a part of the whole thing
so that's kind of my thing is yeah I
think it sucks but it all you also have
to take into account the current system
actually makes it better for me on a
spreadsheet to fuck all my employees
like it it would be better on a
spreadsheet for me to take all my
employees put them to part-time and then
also hire more part-time employees so I
didn't have to cover their health
insurance I I didn't have to care about
them hey you're sick sorry you don't
have health insurance with us hopefully
you're paying for that yourself or your
other part-time job makes you enough
money
and I'm just gonna plug this other
person into your spot while you're sick
so go fuck yourself but I also I don't
have that sense of thinking I'm not I'm
not walmart in that capacity I'm very
much paid sick leave yes make that a
thing someone shouldn't be worried about
being sick also the fact that someone
doesn't have health insurance that's
crazy for me full-time healthy employees
is a good thing a healthy employee is
hopefully pretty productive right if you
have a sick person what do they create
more sick people productivity sucks so
you feel like it benefits you on the
whole huh on the whole to take care of
your people and so that's why even
though I dislike being taxed more big
time I also can't can't hate a program
that would then offer opportunities for
two years of free community college I
think two years for you community
college for those that are working for
it and deserve it yes one hundred
percent yes if I knew specifically my
taxes were just going to that I'm like
yes let's do it because I feel like we
can't complain about welfare states and
and welfare in general and and crime and
all these things that are symptoms of
people not getting opportunities you
can't complain about it if you also
don't want to give someone else a fair
shot I went to college and I had my my
pell grant my little daddy pell grant i
had loans i had a job and I busted ass
and I I didn't eventually graduate
because it was such a struggle and
there's so many people that were in
situations like mine and worse and they
succeeded and I fucking congratulate you
and and it shouldn't take away from what
you did for the next guy to not have the
same struggle it shouldn't be such a
struggle to get a better education so
you can better yourself in better
community and better your country that's
that's where my my thinking is and
that's why I really hate when I hear an
old guy say like blah blah blah about
this generation and they went to like
you're from a generation if you went to
the 1960s right yeah the 1960s you
went to college for pretty much free if
you got the Pell Grant in 1980 if you
had the Pell Grant I think you had that
covered like eighty percent tuition has
gone up 1120 percent and 35 years
medical care has gone up six hundred
percent and we all know like what a
crazy fucking bombastic bombastic yes
bombastic clusterfuck that is in the
United States and the tuition is almost
double that I think food was around
200-250 percent so you can only talk so
much about inflation the Pell Grant I
believe covers just under one third in a
lot of places for tuition so you need
all those things so you're not that
generation that that's criticizing
doesn't understand that struggle also
and I mean this with as little offense
as there's a little offense intended if
you're criticizing Pell grants and free
college and your daddy and your mommy
paid for it please shut the fuck up I
love you but shut the fuck up no one was
ever a little kid like 12 years old
going I want to be the laziest piece of
shit and not contribute to anything or
realize any dreams in my life ever no
one no one I hope I hope and maybe it
maybe there is like a phase but people
want to feel joy they want to feel some
self-worth in some way and I'm for it
last with America falling behind in so
many ways I think at times we need to
reach a hand back and help one another
forward I think that it's it's very
necessary and we know it works like if
you look at the GI Bill when vets came
back from World War two they got free
college and what they found with a
congressional study was for every dollar
invested seven dollars came back and
it's because if you have a cog in a
machine it's helping contribute but if
you have a broken cog a cog but that
doesn't do anything you get zero what's
worse is all of a sudden if you have to
pay for the space and pay for everything
around it well nothing happens to that
cog it becomes a debt but why not
refurbish it why not give it a chance to
do a job is it a handout yeah a little
bit but it's also the opportunity to
allow people to better themselves and
their communities and everything around
them so that they can succeed in life
and unlike my
so it took years it took years for me to
get out of that college debt and those
before me and those definitely after me
that suffer through those same things so
that's that as you can tell by the
length of this video that's why it's not
to his pds because there was a lot of
stuff to talk about so I hope you
enjoyed took away something from this
video or not you know maybe you check
out today's philip defranco show maybe
check out other stuff love you face I
could get back to building but
