I'm not one to complain about a lot of
stuff I I'm generally happy in my life
my struggles or you know it's not like
I'm not gonna be able to eat like I
don't have those struggles anymore but I
realized how stressed out I was this
weekend after the fact because the past
three days my fiance Lindsey has been
sick like super super bed written achy
pretty much useless sick and so has my
son Trey who is now about nine months
old just super sick clingy fussy just
really hard to work with and so I've
been I finished a week of work then just
had that for the rest of the weekend and
I didn't realize how stressed out I was
until I was like I'm really pumped about
Monday and my Monday is I got in today
at 6 o'clock I have nothing but work the
entire day and then before I go home I'm
going to my first dentist appointment in
10 years and I was like let's do Monday
pumped about Monday let's get it done
and I realize like that's that that that
might show me a lot about myself that I
am previously realized I would rather
have a day filled with with work and
then have some random stranger jam metal
instruments into my mouth and he's
probably gonna be judgmental I don't
know what it is about dentist dentists
seem to be the most judgmental of all
the medical practices but we're gonna
gonna go in and I'm pumped for that also
I'm going to the dentist because I'm so
stupid like I've seen it before but I
read another article about
how you know stuff can start from your
mouth and lead to heart disease and
terrible stuff and I haven't gone to the
dentist in 10 years because it I'm just
terrified of it's it's it's just it's
super super painful and judgmental and
last time I went there they said that I
needed to get jaw surgery and then
braces for 3 years which let's be honest
not gonna happen it's not gonna happen
it's like it braces on an adult male
it's weird it's weird yeah I might live
to like 65 but I'm not gonna live 3 of
those years as an adult male with braces
not saying there's anything wrong if
you've made that decision like you might
you are making the smarter decision I
just I I can't imagine being Lindsay and
then my husband is a grown man with
braces and me going I wanna fuck that
good braces that seems like an awesome
time to me I will stick with my under bi
and vampire fangs thank you very much
that's really it I just wanted a verbal
vomit always in my brain - you lovely
lovely people at the end of the computer
and or phone and or other screens I hope
you have a good one actually a fantastic
way to end this video as I was just
talking about how stressed I was and
let's see she just surprised me with my
favorite food in the world I'm a
favorite person in the world huh oh gosh
I almost ripped your life was almost
over
your life was almost over
