hello this game we all know what's the
game boosters yeah so we bought holiday
packs so we've never seen them and we
bought a 90s nostalgia pack so in these
cards it's gonna be they're gonna be
some themed cards but these are just the
regular ones that come to the game and
we're gonna do first two five unless it
takes so you've already built the cards
the six things I would never I could
never do without oxygen face book
chocolate and Netflix friends and blank
lol I see Beverly says lol that's the
figure out what Phil's gonna laugh at
well that's the whole thing playing this
game is completely different when I play
it with in-laws and yeah oh you got it
you were gonna roll it back I'm like
stupid hey what do you know what you're
playing Daniel six things I could never
do without also include play log guys a
constant need for validation very
accurate for what I do
once again itself and sucking the
president's dick
some would argue wait can we trade no
Brian you already have a card selected
Brian oh I knew that
and would you like those buffalo wings
mild hot or what card would you play
right now for Brian if this was if you
were playing what card would I'm looking
there's the camera these guys play what
do you mean oh yeah I have that game
it's hilarious
it's hilarious explosions okay listen
Gary I like you but if you want that
corner office you're going going to have
to show me sometimes
the Angels just whisper in your ears no
fuck Gary listen Gary I like you but if
you want that corner office you're going
to have to show me
several Michael Keaton
that's accurate filling a man's anus
with concrete ooh uh mulatto an albino a
mosquito and is that a song you two are
in cahoots what's the score tell me
refresh is refreshed we're doing okay
okay okay so yes I agree for every one
that's saying justice for Jack I think I
think a part of the last was that was
cut out with me yelling at Joe okay
Zach all right James no this is - all
right this is no this is total fucking
expanded snow this is pizza in the
morning pizza this is madness no this is
the shittier Jewish experience the
nightlife or simply enjoy blank
much longer than ever
come to Dubai where you can relax in our
world-famous spas experience the
nightlife or simply enjoy blank by the
poolside especially for you
ok guys which one which one
don't don't spoil it ok the guys choose
yeah yeah let's see the first person to
choose yeah that's my pick - yeah ok
yeah
Oh simply enjoy swapping bodies with mom
for days shit like by the poolside he's
one of the better places just okay so
I've moved down to swapping bodies with
mom or crying and shit are you crying
shitting and eating because likes got
anger some problem I know this is yours
oh because you talked out loud this is a
test of your objectivity millions of
Americans struggle with blink every day
yeah Brian I want to switch out my dad
but you wouldn't like oh my god you are
not alone millions of Americans struggle
with the events depicted in James
Cameron's Avatar struggle with
pretending to be happy struggle with
meaningless sex struggle with having a
strong opinion about Obamacare
all right
his way up from nothing when he came to
this country all he had was the shoes on
his feet and damn instant I swear to God
what guys ask us questions distract us I
like that there's at least three people
that have now switched over to justice
for Jack that's what was the shoes on
his feet and like a million alligator
penis cool 90s up in the front hit cool
babies up in the front hair and like a
million alligators
has everyone scored yes everyone's on
the board alright don't worry kid it
gets better
don't worry kid it gets better I've been
living with me for 20 years here we go
question from Bex the legend asks what
is the worst gift you've ever gotten
from your family and did you return it
never get a bad gift from there I didn't
want to go to like my not my immediate
family but like my extended family's
Christmas mm-hm and then you get in
you're like oh you haven't seen him in
like a year and then you have to be nice
to them and then like the next time you
seem they're like oh did you ever wear
that yeah I totally did we ever kid and
you got clothes I mean I hated clothes
when I was a kid clothes yeah yeah give
me socks now I'm like better I've been
living with getting all offended for 20
years Oh Murray kid gets better I've
been living with being replaced by a
robot for 25 years I've been living with
getting shot out of a cannon for 20
years the amount of gay freezed
we should cards that don't hurt your
feelings there was Joe but when he
discovers a secret door in his attic
he's a magical new friend blank
mr. story mr. Tumnus I felt like a name
yeah just friend :
my mom is horrible when she gets gift
she doesn't like she doesn't know how to
just go like wait this to you she she
will give it back to me she will be like
no thank you
I'm ready James a lonely boy
he meets a new magical friend Santa
that's pretty great it is a magical
I can't wait here we go oh great
I don't care
everyone's got to yeah why do you keep
winning when I was a kid we used to play
cowboys and cowboys and blank
vivia Cowboys America's Team Patriots oh
sorry Jets Jets Jets I'm just going
through your mind James let us let's
take a look here maybe they can help you
out what do you guys want on the cheese
where you're at 20
cowboys and
okay first a dinner so gonna kiss third
date threesome with 1996 Denise Richards
in 1999
we use new it was all day for this
family this is what I come home and then
exclamation white what you got Amanda
they're saying I'm moving y'all must
salute y'all should have been that last
week's live stream that was this game
brings out the worst of people
to the Hawaiian goddess Kapoor and her
flying detachable vagina that wins
alright so Phil you got to to man is to
Brian and James are four and Danny's
three if you had to describe me
the cards are using only one of the
cards in your hand which one would be
perfect
this is gonna make or break your job
I fixed it guys we fixed it ah here we
go these are cards define Phil you had
to describe me and the cars are using
only one of the cards in your hand
which one would it be the Great
Depression popular and good at sports so
one second uh get a dance party going we
are at 30 minutes I'm gonna keep going
guys I want to wait for it to catch up
here we go there it is oh it's getting
weird guys infinity
asked us a question during this interim
also someone if you're watching the live
stream we have a monster Amanda would
love one
you know this is what Phil saw the whole
time guys Phil's perspective can we show
them my lovely Star Wars props I got a
Vader sweater oh yes props on the on the
back we got Yoda
we got Kyle oh man look at this dope a
smug crispy they were they were calling
for you Christie they wanted you does it
fly even women back then guys Elliott
Morgan he was in today and he told Brian
that he looked very nice and loved his
jacket that was supposed to be a little
bit of a secret but okay
you just need to decide just now
mine is makers mark time Oh more Star
Wars Jar Jar Binks yeah George
good lord yo Jagger smoke Hey Joe if
you're listening if you need to do any
finishing touches on the vlog I feel
free
can you pin that last one the last card
had to be rigged it was for Phil about
Phil and it was a game winner here I
paid every single card has been hit this
thing started I'm Nick Cannon and this
is America's Got wine I'm not oh wait oh
they brought that back okay what what
actually well now I'm gonna change your
hey Jack how's it going buddy
good talk Hurra
the patreon thing y'all ready to get
this thing started
I'm Nick Cannon and this is America's
got nothing it is good all right
I'm Nick Cannon this is America's Got
centaurs Cannon and this is America's
got rock music and premarital sex I'm
Nick Cannon and this is America's Got
giving birth to the Antichrist yeah that
was the first one I slammed down I was
like oh we starting like this and I put
it down again to become a true Yanomami
warrior you must prove it you can
withstand blink without crying Jesus I'm
all I need with a new hand I ask from
the beginning of the last game if I can
so drumming hands I wasn't no I lost we
switched out via the judge but I played
with my heart I love the Joe Rogan
podcast any plans to go back and what is
Joe Rogan like Joe Rogan's really chill
he's a he's a swell fella and he's a
he'll take whatever argument just to
kind of see what you think but uh
whatever I love to love to see his new
studio the best friends go hunting
together
he said nothing about a warrior you must
prove that you can withstand being a
woman without crying three dicks at the
same time without crying
you must prove that you can withstand
Harry Potter erotica without crying give
me that wand is that the winner yeah
everybody join hands and close your eyes
do you sense that that's the presence of
blink in this room everybody join hands
and close your eyes do you sense that
that's the presence of blank in this
room okay okay got in Minden
you sound like machinery that won't work
so everybody join hands and close your
eyes do you sense that that is the
presence of genuine human connection
that's the presence of a little boy
dinosaur is it dead parents in this room
that's the presence of Morgan Freeman
every game for himself tonight we will
have sex afterwards if you like a little
bit some cuddling ice cream ice cream
half-baked Ben Jerry's how long did it
take you to put on that hat so perfectly
with your hair thank you I didn't mean
to okay it is a little like I think it's
great just like to lose so much we lose
like 20 minutes of footage every day
because I like I film blind then I'll
have one hair out of place
James like sorry
you gotta here's a screen shot with an
arrow right on the hair I don't know
which one you're gonna find funny art if
you would love both of these 9/11 might
be a problem I forgot that we already
played well salut what's the question
right now tonight we will we will have
sex and afterwards if you if you'd like
and who's got points right now who's on
the board put man in the lead okay I
miss Tennessee and if I could make the
world but if I could make the world
better by changing one thing I would get
rid of Tennessee so we got a plane to
Tennessee store in Nashville
Ben the Tennessee once
I do like this sweater everyone do you
like sweaters a great sweater is what
we're doing good color
they're like trolling Star Wars it's not
out yet so you watch y'all gonna see the
movie y'all didn't see the movie
I miss Tennessee and if I could meet the
world by changing that goes nowhere some
of these cars like incurable it's called
colon cancer genes confirm races to get
I'm sorry Ken but there was nothing we
can do at 4:15 this morning at 4:15 this
morning your sons that comes to wearing
Nicolas Cage's face wins every time
what do we got one two one two you got a
zero late trying to get rid of my bad
cards to get better ones but I just keep
picking up more bad cards keep losing
yeah that's true it's true puberty is a
time of change
you might notice hair growing in new
places you might develop an interest in
blank this is normal
I've got too many that work too
literally my - well I think you might
develop an interest in blank this is
normal
let me see it James wait who's not
seeing it today you're a liar okay
puberty the time change you might know
it's hair growing in new places you
might develop an interest in Stephen
Hawking oh yes you might develop an
interest in women and yogurt commercials
yogurt okay so right now my top ones are
women in your commercials and Stephen
Hawking why won't you make love to me
anymore is it blank
I think why they gotta be why they have
to seemingly be directed towards me it's
true they are what's wrong Amanda did
you do it love me always sorry love to
me anymore is it consensual sex is it a
good strong gorilla is it BB r PB r do
you guys see iPod origins I mean Steve
Jobs
set a joke check in with the PAS hey you
guys doing all right how about you Ryan
like you're good all right I wasted
tearing that ass up like wrapping paper
on Christmas morning bullshit revealed
why you really resigned Pope Benedict
secret struggle with
revealed why are you really resigning
Pope Benedict secret struggle with
obviously room I mean there's an obvious
problem in the Catholic Church so we can
the crush why Pope Benedict secret
struggle with breeding elves for their
priceless diamond oh and the winner oh
damn it cute boys it was too accurate
sometimes there are just cars that are
made for each other boys they play that
on the article all right what you got a
Christmas one guys what's the one thing
that makes it instantly ejaculate damn
my car looking great
okay but this could be taken differently
don't you get them exchanged like you
love to preserve YouTube in a fun and
honest state continue being yourself and
stay strong cheers from 36 fans from
Bulgaria I love you thanks people in
games women all of y'all maybe what do
you do if you don't get hired it's
Danny's fault my brother all right
what's the one thing that makes it help
instantly where we one thing that makes
instantly gently Rudolph some bright red
balls
so we know which ones Brian making a
pouty face okay jerking off into a pool
of children's tears thank God that
followed up with tears what's the money
is to know there it says instantly
ejaculate right yeah so what would they
be do men that are not spending that
much time jerking off into him till polo
children's to your husband's terrifying
to picture a man ejaculating without any
like leader
we came out just after I really hope my
grandma doesn't ask me to explain blank
again I finally got good cards which
pile can you speak up thank you thank
you
what's the scores right now again
explain being marginalized Krong Gris is
flaccid penises withering away beneath
their suit pants again Congress this
okay
I really hope to explain means again
Lord our God creator of the universe who
has granted us blank
one hmm James is making a tough decision
okay here we go blessed are You Lord our
God creator of the universe who has
granted us liking big bucks and not
being able to buy for granting us
Nickelback a vague fear of something
called Isis has granted us poorly timed
Holocaust jokes
hey Danny you want to read that our
voices are small but meaningful we
little people have a voice in all of it
even in my small country we fight behind
the defenders of truth like you Phil all
y'all good your family and friends I
love you that's like the nicest thing
anyone's said to me in like all week
okay Wow well your hair looks great
I'm ready for washdown intense koh-to-ya
this because they are forbidden because
they're forbidden from masturbating
Mormons channel their repressed sexual
energy into
get a good one it's so relevant I always
forget that there's Christmas music
playing until there's it's just pretty
pretty quiet copyright in the holiday
spirit because they are forbidden for
masturbating Mormons channel that sexual
energy into eating together like a damn
family for once of an Iraqi my god even
the question between filling a fan okay
guys don't let him win greetings humans
I am link bot executing program
it's like that's great like that's great
like it's like Great Danes he might
understand what it is we said what so
that implies country maybe story to week
you might work
maybe maybe when the like has developed
for a while we can like find a way to do
something like that
well yeah I think we're still getting
the the feet you know I mean they are so
getting the legs built for that thing
would you interview today in person I
know that's not a researchers researcher
okay yeah anyway so new faces will wait
let's hurry okay you're at I one hour
okay I am below television star Bill
Cosby I am the Trail of Tears bottom I
am a micro pig wearing a tiny raincoat
and booties I am a superstar Lupron I
gotta say it's part of the worst
selection of cars yes just between Cosby
and Trail of Tears
James seems really quiet quiet and
confident so he says that's pretty good
up next on Nickelodeon Clarissa explains
why we're Disney oh sorry James didn't
mean to fail you explains B's explains
Clarissa explains balls and Clarissa
explains teaching a girl how to hand you
out there it is guys like a few of the
tension let's get that knife okay look
at the look at the feed let them choose
for you
no it's B's it's B's smog bait grills
what about your decision James good
picks Peas
who had the hand job that was a very
closed strategy strategy
no they're trolling cuz we drunk and
tells the story about blank what's the
score
somebody have four cards yet yeah oh
shit okay all right I just it's between
two nobody look at the screen
nobody look oh my god those are two good
woods who pulled the card about a bald
earwax semen and toenail
every Christmas drama tells the story
about an unwanted pregnancy
he's trying to figure out whose cars I
thought you had it I thought you had you
got this after blacking out during New
Year's Eve I was awoken by like
read it one more time we don't want it
after blacking out during New Year's Eve
I was awoken by black got a little chat
from Nate saying hope that Philly team
in the rest of the world has a great
holiday season amazing guys are pretty
good I was awoken by we all have to
figure out what you say it was hers
mine was the entire Brian has good taste
you want the game to continue up for you
well literally it's only him everyone
else wins this holiday season Tim Allen
must overcome his fear of blank to save
Christmas let's play and try to make the
wind
I love it when games turning - I'm gonna
try to win - I'm trying to
so the strategy
okay I'm sorry why is there trash on
this table it's not trash it's just a
drink it's filled with stuff this might
be the game guys mine is having anuses
four-eyes said anus fries okay there's
all the dudes I fucked hilarious how
this is relevant to conversation we're
having how I can get my own penis up my
butt that's not possible
everyone told it is so good and this
livestream
except these guys above assholes you're
not real winners you just fake alright
guys say goodbye
