little around that turn it's as if time
stopped
traitor French he lived
Blackie drove fast and tears flow coming
out in theatres fast and terrible - good
boy tre that's gonna eat your broccoli
good boy
so just always eat this and never taste
what a chicken nugget tastes like and
you'll be good because that shit's like
crack for anyone that's under 15 yeah
well anyone over 16 is drunk you always
you said you'll always take a chicken
nugget
oh so also if you're like what the
hell's Bella Tupperware Lindsay's making
our meals for the week because we've
been gone for well you've been gone for
13 14 days I've been gone for about 10
and I've just we've eaten like crap the
entire job so it's Tuesday morning I did
some early work already it's 5 o'clock
I've been up since 4:00 we're gonna be
taking the bike out on the first ride of
so just got in I bring everything with
me so I got my laptop I have my dress
shirt which all I'll iron out for the
show I got my lunch chargers everything
well let's have a chat I'm gonna go when
we go to Starbucks I need to get like a
an extra bit of food because it woke up
so early overpriced juice in hand so
let's let's chat on the way back to work
a few things that were on my mind and
that I noticed going on vacation made me
realize how I feel about
job and my place in life and I think a
big part of that was there's always this
point on vacation which was very
necessary I felt like the last three
months until the trip to Utah and skiing
was kind of just working towards that so
he get this this breather and the reason
I also didn't want to just come back and
jump straight into CES I want to be able
to focus on the stuff here at home in
the office because there a lot of
changes going down but I realized that
because on day five and then like the
last-named yesterday's vlog I'm sorry I
lied it wasn't edited by a 9 month old
baby it was edited by me because I was
just so like I gotta do something I have
to create something I have to take the
the gross of my life and put out a net
product you know just just something
because otherwise you're just you're in
a in a hot tub which is nice
and you're skiing which is nice and
you're hanging out with friends and
family and it's nice but there's like so
much I could do before I just start
going I'm not contributing anything
I don't need to change the world for a
better I just need like to make up
fuckin like alarm clock and I think it
took where I was getting slowly
depressed again and it made me realize
like I am very happy about my place in
life not only just about my personal
life for just everything you guys
everyone at the office so that was good
to have that kind of that reminder then
about two weeks ago I was like game
Trey's brawling isn't that awesome and
people were like get ready that's not
crawling and I was like shut up Internet
you don't know what you oh no oh no now
he's crawling everywhere just to do it
he goes left goes right he tries to
climb things falls down so that's a big
thing and I have a new a new thing that
I love doing if you follow me on Twitter
Facebook you might have seen me posting
about fantasy football for the past like
four years and I just Lindsey was
actually the person that found this for
me I don't even know draftkings who's
like a real legit website because only a
few of my friends actually want to bet
real money on fantasy football when they
do it's like then they have to PayPal
and we have to see each other but it's
like the streamlined experience so I
went on Twitter and Facebook and I was
like does anyone want to do these single
day fantasy leagues with me and so we
did one around football and someone won
$325 and someone won $150 I needed
started doing fantasy for MMA so UFC 182
the Jones Cormier won which was already
like something I was excited about we
did a 100 Man League with a $20 buy-in
with the winner taking all and because
UFC doesn't have as many participants as
like football and there are fewer
choices there was a three-way tie for
first place but all those people just
for 20 dollars got $600 if-if-if Cormier
had won though there was one guy that a
would have won $1,800 I wanted to share
this in a video because I want to see if
we get even more people so if you like
basketball you want to do this want to
see if you can take my money how dare
you I'm trying to feed a child
I got a do go check out the link down
below it's bitly / - Franco DK or what's
very cool is draftkings saw that we were
actually using their site not like
really many other
people were because all the other user
created places it's like five people and
ten people and we actually have these
payouts that are very close to their big
ones so then they also give us a promo
code under lenses account which is lin's
when you deposit cash they can be a part
of everything enter the promo code and
they'll match 100% up to six hundred
dollars also keep in mind you need to be
eighteen plus it makes sure on your
region that it's legal because I think
it's a little yeah I think it's legal
and forty-six states there's like
Arizona and three others I can't recall
that you can't and then once you sign up
once you're on the lobby page just
search Philly and you'll see whatever
leagues I have open right now it's gonna
be a big focus on basketball so if
you're a fan of that I'm gonna do two
different tiers each night there's going
to be the 100 men $20 $1,800
winner-take-all which is just a big big
prize and then for people that maybe
just kind of want to dabble there will
be like a five or a ten dollar buy and
where the top 50 spots when their money
I risk high reward lower risk lower
rewards just something fun that we've
been doing on Twitter and Facebook and I
thought hey let's let's ask the the
larger audience if anyone else wants to
join in because it's been really fun but
I do really want to stress and this is
me speaking draftkings isn't like a
philip defranco show sanctioned sponsor
blah blah blah this is just a real talk
what with with gambling my big thing is
that you should never gamble something
that you are not okay illuzzi the reason
I'm okay with this is I've taken a lot
of just extra bullshitty things out of
my life and things that are bad for my
health and it's kind of equated to
around forty dollars a day so I was like
whoa you know I can I could lose twenty
dollars a day and then I'll take the
other twenty dollars a day and I'll put
it towards like a really really cool
project and that's how I justify it if
you are not in the right place do not do
it have fun feel the rush but please be
safe and responsible
I'm so glad I was so scared that I
actually wasn't filming for a second you
worked out course I was
oh and just randomly fucking sniff you
