sup nation is what's up wednesday you
guys send me questions I try to give you
answers let's do that but I like to
thank the sponsor of today's show Dollar
Shave Club calm / vlogging if you
somehow do not know about the
awesomeness that is Dollar Shave Club
calm and awesome razor ship directly to
my door on the cheek no contracts or any
SC just convenience you don't need
raises for two months cuz you want to be
a man of the wild or you want some you
know carpet on those legs they don't
send it but you don't pay it done main
point if you make the smart move use our
code that said first question
nonchalantly ask a girl out why would
you want a nonchalantly ask a girl out
and that probably works for some people
you see like movie stars or famous
people and they're like yes you're gonna
do this I'm excited if I'm asking you
out even though I believe in equality
blah blah blah I'm probably throwing
down money for a dinner for your company
I want to hang out with you and shoot
the shit and talk about stuff and do
something stupid but my main note here
is that a first date should not be a
movie date first day it should be
something where you do something
together and have many opportunities to
talk hey Phil my bachelor parties in
less than a week what should I do that's
a good question i mean a huge amount of
it depends on you i've seen a lot of
things that have happened i'm probably
going somewhere middle of the road that
middle being the guy that's like let's
not do anything i just want to go down
to our local bob will have some drinks
talk about life throw some darts then
I'll go home and the opposite of that is
yo let's get coke and hookers I gotta
have a child already with my lady I'm
there I'm locked in for life so for me
it's gonna be kind of just like me going
to Vegas with the guys and having a
regular normal time somewhere in the
middle and then of course paying escorts
to punch each other in the stomach last
time you smoked weed yesterday I don't
have a wife in the house and have a baby
in the house I laid in bed with my dogs
I ate probably seven thousand more
calories than was necessary it was
glorious but now after i filmed this i
have to pack and then fly to places
where you know some reason medical
marijuana is not legal so i'll just not
do it Franco are you sir a Time Lord cuz
you have not aged since you made
you gonna take that compliment sir thank
you know I think it's it's uh it's one
of the benefits / bad things about
losing when you lose weight you end up
looking younger sometimes I don't even
realize how much weight I've lost since
insert whatever time I made videos think
of the people that are always around you
you you you notice changes much slower
and if you haven't seen someone in four
months and you see them it's like this
amazing transformation that happened but
the main thing I would say it's
something that I'm embracing now i
really wish i had embraced it all
through like drink water there were
times in my life growing up that it was
like nothing but like monster and Red
Bull and like anything except water it's
very important i'm trying to catch up
and repair i fell it's hard for that in
UK time and i can't sleep and i was
wondering how difficult is it to sleep
now but raised around not at all little
man is an awesome baby he will also
because lindsay so great about keeping
him on a schedule used to go to sleep at
six now he goes to sleep at like 7 730
we still have him locked and he wakes up
at like six to seven it's fantastic and
i know some parents will hate me for
saying that but here's the truth like
when he becomes too he's gonna be an
asshole all kids around that age or an
asshole he's just slowly easing and do
it your kid doesn't sleep like that
you're just you're already prepped for
that we're probably gonna just get
beaten up if you had to choose between
reading books or playing video games
rest your life and never doing the other
one again which would you choose what
evil person would make me decide this um
I've had such amazing experiences both
video games and books but I'm gonna go
with why am I doing this this is this
better not be a new nervous tic I think
I'm gonna go with video games it's more
interactive art form it can take
something that's from a book I think
that you know we're gonna see more of
that we see a lot of movies being made
from books why not more games that are
made from books Phil what's your
favorite Christmas song I don't know if
I have a favorite Christmas song I
favorite Christmas album Michael Buble's
2011 Christmas album amazing and when I
age myself here but I remember as a
child having like a Sony Walkman like
the one that was in home alone just
listening to alvin and chipmunks like
it was good times Jessica guys take
who's dick would you suck you just open
with that question to strangers because
I feel like that's probably like a
terrible icebreaker depending on the
kind of bar that you're in what's your
favorite drink film don't really have a
favorite drink like there are some
people that like they drink something
they're like ah this is it drink vodka
soda for a while because it was the
healthiest version of an alcoholic
beverage also a taste terrible which
made me drink it really slow but then I
got used to the flavor and now I just
can kick it back but if we're gonna go
with flavor and purpose it's gonna be
Jack and Coke Jack Daniels by itself or
vodka redbull cuz what's the point of
being a drunk person if you can't be a
drunk person with way too much energy
never I don't think I have ever drank
too much and missed work when I look at
myself I can see myself in one of two
avenues I see myself as either
responsible or a really fucking lame
person like I would only ever go out and
party if it was like friday or saturday
where I didn't have something the next
day but it also comes from a place of
knowing that i will choose to sleep in a
bed rather than do something that I hate
and that kind of boils into a thing of
keeping myself out of situations where I
have to make a decision like that most
human being suck now it's not because
they're born evil or anything just human
beings at some point in their life suck
their stupid you might be like I don't
suck well right now you might not but
you might because the opportunity
presents itself after you made decision
after decision after decision I put you
in it I got a friend in high school you
had a relationship with a girl for two
years they were really really all about
each other and he like prized himself on
the ability to have other friends that
were girls and nothing would happen then
one night he was like yeah I'll go out
with some of my friends and a lot of
them are girls and I might try a bunch
of this new drug stuff that I've never
tried before with them what's the worst
that could happen and that night that
guy sucked it messed up his relationship
he didn't even like himself for a while
and I didn't know how to feel towards
him in a while I mean the long story is
that ended up really really getting into
drugs hardcore I think it's those
situations in life that made me like
more understanding of people in general
because this guy showed no sign so
towards being like a piece of shit
different situations different way in
life
go down some different roads it takes
you down this whole different place you
your life is a completely different
situation based on those decisions so
there's that patient I think on that no
that's where I'm gonna go out in the
upcoming weeks we're gonna still keep
accepting your snapchat video questions
they'll keep sending those here i am
also gonna open it back up again in the
youtube comments 0 if you have some
questions leave them down below i'm also
gonna open it back up to twitter
facebook Instagram maybe even vines I
know a bunch of you been wanting me to
open it back up to the whole thing again
so I will do that hope you have a good
Christmas and or whatever the hell you
celebrate and or do not celebrate that
said if you enjoy the video hit that
thumbs up button if you want to watch
more hit the subscribe button if you
want to watch other things it's gonna be
annotations that's that I'm gonna go
punch some puppies in the face and I'll
see you next time I want some beer and
some more beer and some beer and beer
and beer and beer and beer and pear just
someone walking in on you doing like
those stretches that make it so your
face is like right up on your junk
