what's up nation it is what's up
wednesday where you guys send me
questions about really anything
whatsoever I then don't always answer
but I definitely do respond and now here
is that thing that I was just explaining
what it was hey Phil who's to response
oh my gosh so lovely of you to ask very
well-lit girl today's vlog is sponsored
by Dollar Shave Club com / blog and you
want my favorite awesome simple helpful
sponsors because one it's convenient you
get awesome razors delivered directly to
your home it's inexpensive there's no
contracts to use it only as long as you
want and joy and need it just easy
awesome convenient there's several tiers
I personally use the executive one
because only the best touch is this
spice one check it out maybe make a
smart move go to Dollar Shave Club calm
/ malaga d hey Phil I'm just wondering
if there any way that you wouldn't want
to visit in your lifetime that's a fun
question cuz i get to offend people not
really because i don't think there is
any where I wouldn't want to travel I
want to see the world I'd love to be
able to see the Middle East but there's
so much fear in my head because a lot of
what makes the world in general amazing
is the history like they're America's so
new that we have like some grand big
cool things but we don't have the
amazing beautiful levels of history that
other places have me like America people
came here and essentially like paved it
over and built a mole so not really any
place I wouldn't go just maybe places I
would prefer to go before others hey
Phil don't mind the head honestly it was
my 21st birthday and I have the worst
hangover ever what is your hangover cure
well my tried-and-true is of course just
drink lots of water as I've been taking
alcohol other nights that do not happen
mostly involving me drinking liquor and
then someone going hey let's play beer
pong and then be playing beer pong along
with after like four hours but even
still if it's right near the end of the
night I will drink it obnoxious amount
of water i'll take some like ibuprofen
or something like that i wake up i'll
take some more ibuprofen i'll drink some
gatorade or if you got that money money
something i didn't know was a thing
until i went to Las Vegas there are
actual services where they will send a
nurse to you not like a sex and nurse
but they'll actually hook you up to an
IV and rehydrate you in your hotel room
or my birthday weekend I was fine I I
made sure I drink enough water I super
hydrated I didn't want to
a hangover I felt great some of the
people in the group went really really
hard and had massive like not gonna get
up for like a day day and a half
hangover as they did it and then once I
realized was on the up and up we like
kind of did it all together for
solidarity and it was amazing that
person snapped back in 20 minutes that
said it's not something I would
recommend you do all the time because if
you do you probably have a problem it's
pretty cool that's an option it Phil
what do you do besides video games
during your lazy days sometimes I go for
a small run we could do something with
Trey Netflix is always a thing it feels
like there's constantly new series on
there to start Wentworth which is like a
really really like very depressing
version of orange is the new black and
when I'm really bored I just come up
with random business strategies to make
more money what is one company that you
really want to sponsor your show most
all my sponsors are sponsors that I have
wanted or I've used before sands a few
the two off the top of my head I love
for dodge responds to me because i love
i love their cars and I our house up
still I believe one of the best
sandwiches like if you get the full
Italian involved it's one of the best
sandwiches you'll ever eat you instead
of trainee you had a coup
could I could one hundred percent deal
with that but why are you singing that
said I am very glad I had a boy first I
feel so far like it's way easier zombie
apocalypse happened Darren Sam well one
of these is your partner keep in mind
Darren is editing the video I don't need
to keep in mind Darren's aren't there i
would get Darren wills just making jokes
and Sam actually zenithink has all the
same good traits as Darren but he's
physically weaker sorry Sam I'm tripping
you so the zombies stopped to eat you as
I get away what happened to the TARDIS
that you used seven years studio broken
half what's your favorite accent mine is
either British or Australian even though
they sound just about the same I've said
this before I was initially booed when I
was starting my sentence my two favorite
accents you have British and then Irish
right had Irish girl a younger free or
Philip DeFranco he's melting it's your
favorite musical that's so hard that's
like saying what's your favorite kind of
chocolate candy I'm love Chicago Moulin
Rouge was fantastic for a musical movie
avenue q is so unique and amazing but I
think I have to give it to the Book of
Mormon the Book of Mormon is funny it
rides an amazing line you can just tell
the tray and Matt just made this thing
because they've always like messed
around with music and it's really really
funny and it's really really smart and
it's it's offensive without being super
super offensive and it rides this line
where I could be sitting next to someone
that's a Mormon and we're both cracking
up it was the last time you laughed so
hard that you couldn't bring that
something that was just completely
stupid I think the last time and I feel
bad cuz I'm not sponsored by Netflix
anymore but it was watching of the built
the new bill burr comedy special on
Netflix agent bill burr you happened to
forever some reason see this I love you
sir I love you in whatever way that you
will allow me not really i don't know
what kind of day you're having cracks me
the fuck up where i'm just i'm laughing
and then i have to rewind because i miss
what he said next hey Phil have you ever
been walked in on before I don't think
so definitely not while I was by myself
I think I've might have been walked in
on while doing something to someone else
I feel like that's nowhere near as bad
that's like someone walking in on you
like winning the Olympics impaired to
someone walking in on you doing like
those stretches that make it so your
face is like right up on your junk but
guys it's gonna be it for this video of
course if you want to send me another
video question you can go send me a
snapchat it yes I say this because I
don't actually personally run it because
I try not to have a snapchat because I
don't want to see your boobies and/or
dickholes can you actually want to
interact in some way with me you can
follow me on Twitter or Facebook I mean
next week we'll open up some Instagram
questions that said I hope you enjoyed
if you haven't watched the recent
bloggers i'm posting a lot more species
check those out and/or today's pds of
course as always bleep bloop blop blip
bloop bloop blop blop blip bleep Jesus
Jesus is that you oh oh oh yeah but it's
good
