wake up wake up wake up wake up that's a
listen to the radio bruiser we were
listening to sports 10 1.7 Johnny
Manziel did something LeBron James eat a
waffle also possibly queefed out of
Zions we'll talk about that at the top
of the hour weren't you watch the
Kardashians last night California will
be falling I'm the guy on the radio when
I said something mildly funny I'm the
woman and that's the most funny thing
I've ever heard my entire life and I'm
here for women that are driving their
kids to school remember him 10 more
minutes call in and get your own copy of
Christmas carols for the Southern
Californian with such hits as it's
beginning to look a lot like every other
fucking day in this city everywhere I
turn oh hey they look a bum Oh minority
hit by a gun oh yeah so you and other
classics as 0405 how much I hate your
try
affic bumper to bumper for at least 20
miles who can forget I saw mama yelling
at valet I'm pretty sure she said the
n-word to
