what's up wednesday is the show that i'm
filming right is it a show I don't know
this is where once a week you guys send
me questions sometimes be a snapchat
sometimes via creepy window stare I
think I never actually see you but I
feel you there main point you ask them I
try and answer them in a non stupid way
I fail a lot last week in response to
one of the questions I called one of you
a fuckface and apparently that was the
best thing ever so I'm never going to do
that again until I actually do first
question hey what are you doing you're
sick suck it up cuz I'm not a bitch baby
a bitch babe I just I heard bitch baby
like eight times in scandal and I was
like I want to use that in a sentence
the truth is there are some steps that
you should follow when you're sick one
tweet about it so you get potential
online sympathy too if you can work
through it work through it but of course
tweet about it because you're a
courageous human being how does philip
defranco do that job he does while he
has the sniffles you must be like half
God oh if it's really bad three stay at
home and get your significant other to
take care of you unless for you don't
have a significant other than just stay
in bed and cry until you die because
it's all over and life is terrible don't
do that last one I was joking I feel do
you follow any school state city one sir
if you don't make youtube videos do it
like you don't even have to be good you
will be huge on YouTube unattractive
British boy they're girls right now
trying to find your home address or at
least a YouTube channel to subscribe to
answer your question no I hate cricket
like I get I get angry when I see
cricket just irrationally I never really
got into rugby I love football but at
this time I really don't support any
clubs the closest I am to that is I love
playing fifa ultimate team and of course
when i say i love playing fifa ultimate
team I mean I love playing fifa 10
percent of the time and then I'm angry
ninety percent of the time Phil what do
you want for christmas this is a hard
question because everyone always says
I'm a very hard person to buy for
because I get most of the things I want
which is kind of true for me it's really
just about the personal stuff like for
the past six years I've asked and not
received for my parents pictures of me
as a child like just you know like a
cool photo book in fact a lot of my
favorite things are things I wouldn't
think of like my buddy Kevin Brueck he
got me this awesome robe I used it
pretty much every day it's like the most
comfortable thing in the world and
that's less personal for me and more
personal like he has a
he loves any things I would love it to
say to her a little big favorite things
about Lindsay she's always got my back
since baby tre came out I saw a huge
motherly nurturing sort of person like
she's always kind of been that with me
but it's overdrive we just get each
other we love each other we help each
other we call each other out on her
bullshit it's it's important phil was
your favorite thing about being a father
it's kind of two parts the little joys i
get from little things like Trey crying
like this morning at four forty in the
morning and me hanging out with him for
30 minutes calming him down getting him
to go back to sleep to like 730 so
Lindsay who's sick and get rested on my
call I'm contributing a real thing to
the people I love and care about and
also the fact that young impressionable
legal women call me a dilf sometimes I'm
a big fan of that my ego loves it it is
the worst this one when was the last
time you pulled your pants I only tell
the Pooh my pants story at DeFranco does
event so if I do an event near you maybe
i'll talk about it it was embarrassing
some things up you should not go for
five mile hikes when you have the flu
what's your comfort food minus Kooning
Nutella into my face cookies all the
time every time never hear someone spout
nothing tastes as good as skinny feels
am i have you ever had cookies body's
gonna fall apart anyway I'm not saying
eat cookies all the time but if like if
I didn't look forward to my meals I
would kill myself if you had to choose
one person to play you in a movie about
your life how would you choose I've
always liked the idea of Ryan Reynolds
or Ryan Gosling one of the Ryan but I
don't want them to do that thing where
they have those movies that are based on
true stories and then you know during
the credits they show the pictures of
the real person you're like oh my god
that's who ryan reynolds was supposed to
be in what world is he him and her all
if you have a legal prescription because
I'm not endorsing doing drugs but
hypothetically in a world where i did
this i once learned an entire semester
of calculus and a night got a b-plus
also all nighters are pretty much the
worst i always found that if i actually
just got sleep I would usually end up
doing better if I did that rather than
staying up in extra six hours and just
cramming unless I literally have
looked at the section where we're
talking about stuff the song that would
describe you I love booty so much so the
squeeze oh the touch I could do it all
day and night I think that songs
accurate it's just there like if it's
not something I'm actively thinking
about it's just waiting Lindsay got
these really nice like tight pants the
other day and I was like can I just look
at you can you just turn sideway thank
you why do you put videos on facebook
down so this may be a little more
technical I blowed videos now directly
to Facebook because I like that people
are watching it there it looks good i
think it's convenient for me it's really
about just getting it out to you guys
and giving you a better experience
because most of my advertising dollars
comes from in show sponsorships i mean
this this show right now this one is in
sponsored last week's in a future
episode will be and so I still get to
count those views to the advertiser and
overall it just follows the guideline
that I try to do with all my shows try
to make something awesome try to make it
very very accessible and then figure out
the money afterwards and guys that's
actually where I'm going to end today's
video now if you want to send a question
for next week's video send a video
question here on snapchat maybe ask them
in the comments down below other things
and stuff and of course if you're not
100% fields and be sure to check out the
daily philip defranco show over at
youtube.com slash sxephil or follow me
on twitchtv / DeFranco games are stream
everyday at two p.m. pacific standard
time that's it I'm gonna go now okay bye
this is weird its way slower than I
thought grand theft auto 5 is unbiased
in who you kill whether it be a tech
yuppies a homeless person on the street
a stripper oh yeah make it rain oh we're
Wicca bringing oh you make it ranged let
me love you Phil haha
