this morning I was in my car granted
very tired and I started thinking about
how weird words were but then even how
weirder letters were like I just like
obviously I could Google or Wikipedia it
but I was just like how and I in my head
sometimes when I ask questions I just
come up with the answer and I imagined
that it was a tribe and they were like
so we've been talking for a while that's
been pretty fantastic I say something
you understand it really I'm loving that
part but there's got to be a way that I
do more than make an audible sound you
hear there's no physical representation
now but we got to be able to jot this
shit down okay cuz Jeremy says some
stupid stuff and I just I want people to
be able to like just appreciate how
stupid he is and they're like okay that
sounds like a great idea and they got
like I was going to say eight but really
seven of the smartest people in the
tribe and also Greg who is the
Chieftains son and they were like okay
we're gonna just we're gonna just try
and jot this thing down we're gonna go
and order come up with some like letters
okay and so it was like a b/c Greg's
turn D and they're like Greg that kind
of I mean Greg it kind of looks like
it's just kind of a backwards B is an N
Greg was like no I mean I've been I
honestly I was waiting my turn
I think D should have started this whole
situation I was thinking about D B if
you kind of think about it looks like
the stupid version of D I mean I don't
want to be rude but d DS solid B I think
that you could do you could evolve D
solid though and they're like okay fuck
you Greg let's keep going boom boom boom
LM Greg's turn and n really Greg and
that's half of an M once you just call
it half of M instead of n it sounds like
you're about to say M but you got tired
really n moving on it's moving on boom
boom boom
you Greg's like okay here's the deal I
got fucking two letters for you blow
your mind V that looks like a fucking
I'm not done and W you're a dick you're
Greg you're a dick
you're stupid stupid
essentially is a you and then you may W
which could look like a double V or W
and also how easy is it to just make two
of a letter that someone else
contributed Greg you're a piece of shit
you're a piece of fucking shit Greg and
then I did something I do need to give
props to Tim most underrated guy in the
group came up with whi fantastic letter
I hear he might have also come up with X
and then the stupidest letter in the
alphabet
Z Busey boo whoever came up with Z some
shit that was so stupid that even Greg
didn't even propose it that's Z Z is
good for Zim zebra and Zimbabwe it's
such a stupid letter xylophone which
sounds like it starts with a Z starts
with a fucking X&Y
that's how Z should be ashamed of itself
and go into a room and never see the
light of day again I don't know why I'm
so aggressive towards Z Greg was the
enemy of this mud man my brain has
exploded anyway welcome to my brain it's
often stupid here okay I'm gonna go film
videos bye
