nation it is what's up Wednesday where
you guys send me questions about
whatever and then I try to say words at
your face and through a video camera
nailed it also a quick note before
people like how you dropped your phone
this isn't my phone Darrin what you do
to your phone bro I love to be in the
boys which is a series about superheroes
who have superpowers but it's all really
kind of fake not in that they don't have
powers they do have powers but there's
celebrities because they have powers and
then all of a sudden they have like
these marketing PR teams they're
constantly coming up with like new
sexier interesting outfits that kind of
world it'd be terrible far more
interesting than the current celebrity
scene there are certain days I don't
want to make a PDS because there's like
one interesting thing that happened but
in general I love doing my show and
trying out new things that said I've
gotten just I mean life's happened you
have all the channels and the meetings
and I've been dedicating a lot of time
to growing twitch and I got a baby at
home so it's it's definitely a balancing
act so sometimes I find myself like I'm
just doing something but it's because
the greater reason is I want to do stuff
and I would love to but my life is far
less interesting now I'm a machine at
this point I think my goal on this
channel and it's a little more realistic
and I think we're gonna see it more in
January because I feel like everyone
here is kind of just working for working
for the end of the year because I do
plan to post a lot more here these like
weekly you know what's up Wednesday
videos I've been just kind of keeping it
alive for me so I don't forget about it
and leave the channel I do want this to
be a place where I just kind of like
test and mess around and do that sort of
stuff with so I have a daily vlog one
vlog a week that shows like my week
because by the time I get home most of
the time the last thing I want to do is
just whip out a camera and still be on
it's normally at that point I just like
the energy is I love the cold in
moderation like I'm gonna go to like
Park City Utah for Christmas so pumped
about it but I've also lived so far away
from places that have seen
and really cold weather a little more
sensitive the co I mean la will make you
like not like kind of scared to drive
when it rains remember when it like
froze over in Atlanta and people were
stranded out on the highway I couldn't
even imagine what would happen to LA
traffic if it just randomly snowed like
four inches for no reason whatsoever I
just imagined explosions and people
running through the streets no pen
because there are some of you that are
probably fantastic and nurturing but it
took me like nine months to trust
someone else driving my car that's
a--that's a person trust is a thing I'm
almost always out of stock trust maybe
three to four people on this planet you
know what if you will get plastic
surgery to look exactly like me you can
do even like 50% as well as me I will
give you $100,000 a year we got a cave
in a secret okay
it's so easy five skills that way I can
just be the best in whatever fields that
I want gives me a better life which
gives Trey a better life he is like he's
seven months old he wasn't trust him
with a fork let alone a superpower a
superpower could literally be gets to
top shelves and he could kill himself
you're saying that my penis is an inch
too big if you're somehow feeling it
might be way too big I was an accident
I didn't look before I walked into a
room but if this is in reference to your
boyfriend I think it's very smart that
you didn't name him or include his
twitter and finally I would appreciate
it if all the women and gay men that
watch me stop objectifying me because
I'm more than just dick and balls okay I
think that might be the first time I've
ever had to say that out loud anyway
moving on its Greenwald to the 10th
power idiot everyone knows that also too
nadeshot whiz and anyone else where's my
damn Jersey gave it to plays like seven
months ago I still have no DeFranco
optic Jersey's rude and I hate you
so best burger hands-down you've ever
eaten
that was not an out burger one I like
your enthusiasm about burgers and/or
meat products I'm with you whoo I'm
gonna get shit for this in and out is
not a special burger fries are garbage I
don't even feel my blood pressure go up
when I eat them in fact I'm not even
sure why I went so negative I think I
just get annoyed because everyone's like
oh your daughter do waiter now don't as
far as fast-food go is fantastic but you
live in here and I want you to be up
here the best burger hands-down
umami you come to LA and you're like I
gotta get you not get in I mean you can
you're gonna go fast food yes go to
in-and-out if you're gonna walk in pick
some get it to go maybe stay there umami
burger or several places out here some
of the burgers like at each location
they're specific to that location but
just the classic at that truffle butter
oh that's it for me answering your
questions I'm exhausted also to everyone
that's sent in a video you and/or your
mothers are now pregnant I apologize I
should have let you know that that was
gonna happen beforehand and if you'd
like to ask me questions in the future
and totally definitely not get pregnant
and a video over snapchat - oh there
should be text right here I'm not
referencing my belly button or penis ma
boy I hope you enjoyed if you know 100%
filled-in oppose at a PDS today probably
oh no I went so big with probably
bananas falafel that's it bye there are
also people who just heard about this
one time or read a BuzzFeed article
about it and they were like I know
exactly how this went down and yes
people always say to me Phil how do you
maintain that sunny disposition you seem
like happy all the time
