people always say to me Phil how do you
maintain that sunny disposition you seem
like happy all the time well I was gonna
write a book about it because that seems
to be the thing all youtubers doing now
but then I've realized like the way to
make impactful meaningful change is to
do something in 140 characters or less
or make like a top 10 list so I'm gonna
do the ladder that you here we go just
scream preferably find some place that
no one can hear you because they might
think you're being murdered and called
the police to what letting out all the
scene before you explode if you feel
like you're about to pop let it out
consider it a controlled detonation
drink water like as soon as you get up
and then continually throughout the day
when you're dehydrated you'll feel like
you have less energy which will make you
angry and ultimately make you a loser I
say this as an on and off loser
considerate the oil to your car the
grease to your bike chains read and
write more if you want to type it or go
to pen and paper it's good put yourself
in someone else's shoes for 20 to 30
minutes at a time and your own life get
that out on paper even when it doesn't
seem like there's a lot going on there's
a lot going on and it can help you make
sense of it this one actually kind of
ties into reading and writing make your
commutes matter whether you take public
transportation you drive yourself you
ride a bike to wherever it is work
school whatever the hell listen to an
audiobook if you need to turn your brain
off just listen to music or maybe just
do nothing whatever you need at that
time cuz when you really think about
those commutes for the most part just
waste in your life it's part of the
reason I welcome whichever robot
overlord gives us our self driving cars
of the future clean up your crap nothing
makes people more anxious than just
living in cluttered world is a confusing
messy place and the worst thing you can
do is have your home or your work place
like that you have to be somewhere 90
minutes or more at a time every single
day you need to make that place your
sanctuary we don't have a lot of control
with many of the things our life so if
we don't take control the things we can
control you're gonna have a bad day
keeping your place or your car or those
things clean it's a way of showing that
you actually respect yourself cut out
the vampires in your life and I'm not
talking about Edward although you could
totally do that as well if you want
which people what things suck the energy
out of your day and sometimes it can
come from a place of things that you
think you enjoy an example for myself I
love playing video games but I try to
limit that stuff down to like two hours
a day after
for myself it changes from therapeutic
to a problem this also includes friends
or just acquaintances that tell you you
can't do things people that make you
feel like you're not good enough people
always try and one-up you hold things
over your head just in general make you
not as awesome as you can be we very
often become somewhat like the company
we keep put your change in a jar and
dollars in your pockets when you find a
ten-dollar bill it doesn't matter that
it was your ten-dollar bill and you've
always had it it feels like free money
and free money equals happy also when
you get that change it eventually adds
up to something or you can put all of it
in a sock and beat down your enemies
with it just make yourself tired just
physically exhausted rather than going
for a really really long job which you
can do go into a full-on sprint do
push-ups till you fall down punch things
preferably that don't punch back and are
also not going to hurt your hands work
in 90-minute blocks specifically on just
one thing at a time gives you that
clarity it gives you that focus and at
the end of that 90 minutes no matter
what take a ten-minute break give
yourself that little 10-minute defrag
whenever you get the chance wear a shirt
right after it comes out of the dryer
and I'll make you feel loved it usually
lasts about just as long butter just
makes everything better I don't know why
it just does sure there are a lot of
negative things about butter but this is
a big thing there are bad things in life
of varying degrees butter being on the
lowest scale of those you can allow
yourself in moderation will make you way
happier than just withholding happiness
from yourself volunteer and you can do
this on different levels go to a soup
kitchen for the day help build a house
for people that have low incomes do
anything on a different closer to home
scale just give someone a present for no
reason just a little gift doesn't have
to be a lot of money doesn't have to be
any money but I'm gonna put an asterisk
on this one because you only do this if
you then don't brag and talk about it
all the time no one likes anyone who
does something terrible only to then
always talk about it and or hold it over
your head that's one of the first steps
becoming a huge a-hole just make up
songs they can be original that can be
parodies of other songs you're listening
to you could be listening to a song on
the radio and you know that part where
there's no one's saying anything in that
part make the remix doing right now oh
you're ugly and affecting your stupid
and I hate you you're ugly and you're
fat teen you stupid and I hate you you
ugly and you're fat and you're stupid
and I hey
jus you're not really fact but to know
you're sensitive about your weight also
happy birthday doodle just draw anything
sometimes I just draw the same thing
over and over that I always draw yeah
sometimes I draw stick figures oh yeah
doesn't matter if you're good at it
you're bad at it just do it just get a
little stupid lip-sync like all the time
a terrible voice but there are very few
things in my life that I can just do and
make me happy and lip synching is one of
them I didn't lip-sync in my car I would
have murdered someone in traffic by now
it's not always serious not treating it
like it is hey
when I come around
when I come around
well
double rainbow all the way across the
sky
so intense i knows are just scratching
the surface but it is a place to start
so i hope that these things make your
life happier and or mo better love your
faces and i'll see you next time
