this is literally the best day of my
life oh maybe you found his girlfriend
oh look he's blushing
you are ready for me that time weren't
you you were yeah he just knew 100% sup
everyone but Joe with what did you know
you know burns calories you know
tomorrow is do you know what no store
these new it tomorrow is another day
that I'm working but I imagine someone
else is doing something fun yeah there's
a penguin there's a yeah yeah pretty
exciting stuff bill congratulations to
Kristi and Hillary I guess cuz Hillary's
idea but then it's like so they kind of
swapped it so you had the idea for the
sweater and Christy kinda had the idea
to go and see the penguin penguin day
tomorrow 5:00 a.m. call time here I
don't think the Sun comes up by then
bill the only person that's prepped for
that is me and Cecilia
yes Celia comes in before me way before
everyone else and the new fucking people
come in now English people I mean not
you are you actually coming at a three
yeah I come in early go like you I do my
job but you know what else today we have
a sponsor fo sponsor oh my god is at
squarespace.com / blaga t I think it is
you can use they're incredibly easy all
in one platform make a beautiful and
professional-looking website and if you
want to start a free trial go to
squarespace.com slash laga t I always
want to say it with an F that's Abby
there's our offer code vloggity and get
10% off your first purchase
sounds great I'm glad that you signed
off on it great job alright so
everybody's gonna enjoy what neither
well the Penguins we're dividing people
five people will be able to enjoy it
rise well deserved and sounds great I'll
see you tomorrow Phillip bright and
early tomorrow boys why we here so early
you already hang my hat on what time
we're supposed to be there all right so
let's go get breakfast let's go
daddy's recording
what are you most looking forward to
crispy all of it all of it hanging out
and learning and I'm so glad I'm gonna
cry all right here we go Breanna this is
for you yeah I have a question yeah have
the Penguins ever murdered anybody no
okay we're good that was no waiver we
had to side
what do you think about these things I
think I like that better oh my God look
he's just he's doing one we even emote
more what can you tell me about these
penguins there are 20 of them here
they're Magellanic penguins they are
found in South America so it's kind of
misconception that all penguins have to
be in cold climates and they like dr.
Dre children I'm gonna go ahead and grab
some hand sanitizer
nice and easy
I feel like I'm about to meet my child
names cats we're gonna give him just a
chance to kind of get six months alone
team has some adult or juvenile footage
he looks a little bit different than
everybody else and they do spend about
three hours with a creamy feathers and
his feathers have little hooks on the
end of them he has to rearrange those to
make sure that he said break his aquatic
I have to do the same thing when I get
ready Gavin you can watch your face
smooth as that you have a nice shot all
right Christie go for it there's an
aquarium
and you can like feed penguins and hang
out with them
are you Connie and what days can you
start dating have a good selection of
women okay this is literally the best
day of my life and I don't care what
else happens I'm done oh maybe does he
have an Instagram he does not have his
own Instagram okay cuz we get some
followers you know Sarah can you give me
some quick facts about gets yeah it's
hatched may 22nd 2017 he was the only
chick that we had this year so he had to
learn how to be confident really fast
so during feedings of time he actually
chases the other birds away they get too
close he lets him know but he's a
sweetheart so as you can see he's nice
and comfortable and when I come here the
top of all
how do you are you getting all this
information people have the most pips no
that's why you do the penguin encounter
and anytime you sorry Christy your plan
wouldn't work
no I do want to thank you guys for
hanging out oh this is great
what was your favorite part
meeting gas and getting to touch his
little belly and hug him and talk to him
and my favorite part was on the one
penguin told Brian both of your hands
like not this one and not me well you
know I'm getting rid of all three all
right guys how are we doing
slurping slang words
best day ever best day ever thanks Phil
yeah thanks
Oh Jason's or anybody's I mean honestly
rage thanks for buying t-shirts you keep
me employed favorite part about today
Brian I mean the pen we got to hang out
with a penguin you got run into a pole I
don't have a favorite part necessarily
but I did have a really traumatizing
moment with you Joe we were watching
that lady cut up his head and blush most
interesting part of today was definitely
the birds fuckin make it love Chrissy
what was your favorite part
meeting GATS and touching him and
hugging him and learning more about
penguins and hanging out with all of you
guys oh just do the intro after we just
experienced everything yeah that's what
I yeah I mean hey Joe take some baby
mouse out of a bag and cut supposed to
do yeah I had a great time filthy touch
what yeah touched
I took a Milan photo with one tooth
though I'm not great I won't call it
beautiful but he took a picture thanks
for letting us go penguins bill that was
a great time just give me anything of
anybody I'm just such a good guy I know
you're such a cool everyone you're
welcome I had to get up at 5:00 a.m.
though though also I thought the end of
Alliance video we decided that Zack ago
I don't know why we didn't just have
Zack film it as we apparently triple
fuckas act and like you can't just let
that go like that's not okay I thought
you were joking no it was a joking
then they cap out at five people I know
my supposed to replace oh I didn't know
that that was a new stuff thing I said
like hey guys anyway I'm just gonna go
leave here's a random thought that was
like instructions and then I will came
in this morning and I was like where the
fuck's Joe joking Joe's like yeah we're
gonna run with that I didn't realize
that was a joke Phil it is now all five
of your jobs a fucking figure out
something nice to do it Zak because this
man this man has been fucked with far
too much all right well I don't think of
something
