top nation it is what's up wednesday
were you guys send me questions the most
recent round that we've been doing is
actually you guys sitting us snapchats
of questions so if you want to be the
future what's up wednesday send your
question to this you might be included
in one of the next videos also before we
get started I want to thank the sponsor
of today's show Dollar Shave Club calm /
vlog any contracts no commitment just
beautiful beautiful raises delivered to
your door on the cheap one of my
favorite sponsors cuz they actually save
people money and they give people a good
product so if you want to join in like
tons people from the nation half already
or Dollar Shave Club com / blog addy
that said question one hopefully it is
good and not stupid and terrible and
ain't coming to Norway I can't tell if
that was adorable or creepy by the way I
love you please don't murder me and the
answer for Norway is I don't know make
maybe seven people watch me in Norway
what's up Wednesday when do you think
the banquet to monos gonna happen it
doesn't literally all the questions when
are you gonna be here fail seriously you
don't you never come around you've
changed bro except this one I actual
have an answer for early 2015 they're so
good things to say for a best man speech
I need some advice click in figure out
how to fetch his speech and I really
need to have it done by Saturday best
man speeches should be split 8020 eighty
percent qualities about said guy that
make him awesome in a way that doesn't
relate to the person that he's marrying
and then twenty percent of why he's such
a stupid lucky bastard that somehow
stumbled into this an easy win Jeremy
he's a great guy there was this one time
he did this thing for me and it was
selfless but also at the same time it's
great that he met Christine because I
was pretty sure if he was by himself
he'd eventually like insert way that he
would die in a stupid way and blah blah
blah welcome to the family I think I
don't really know one of the mistakes
that happens all the time is that
there's usually like one partner that's
a part of this relationship that gets
left out in a lot of the talking I feel
do you believe in the law of attraction
someone ma'am do you need help I feel
like you're asking that question under
duress um law of attraction my answer to
this is yes and no no in the sense that
if you make a vision board and you put
up a Mercedes like it's not more likely
that you're gonna get that Mercedes but
yes in the sense of if I have a goal and
I have positive thoughts towards it and
I put that energy into something in a
positive way like through actions you
believe it's more likely that i'm going
to accomplish that goal or attract
people that have that positive outlook
as well if you think you're gonna lose
in life and fail in life you probably
are not because we're all made of
Stardust and energy and everything is
coming to whatever the hell because most
likely it's going to affect the way that
you do things and your effort can you
please come to Austin we don't have
Ebola I feel like with everything in the
news maybe that should be Austin's new
slogan Austin Texas we probably do not
have Ebola that said I put a poll on the
site and Dallas Texas just beat
everything by about a hundred percent
philip defranco what do you think about
stretched earlobes I think they're very
unfortunate but if you like them you
love them god bless take that for what
it's worth I mean I am an agnostic I
think they look silly but people
probably think my face looks silly so
who cares he fell when do you and
Lindsey plan on getting married we're
getting married in march of next year if
you are able to successfully frame
someone who would it be and what would
you frame them with I'm not gonna tell
you my frame plan everyone has one
murder plan which is sometimes a frame
plan oh so very weird question I think
your names possibly now on a list and my
official answer to this is I wouldn't
frame anyone I'm not the smartest person
ever there's gonna be something that I'm
not thinking about and then I'm gonna go
to jail it's a lose-lose do you like
Asians yes hey Phil I just wanted to ask
you what's that one viral video that you
never get tired of watching mine is what
does the Fox say let me know mine is a
hands down throughout the years it has
always stayed there and that is let's
put the fork in the garbage disposal
let's do the fork in the garbage
disposal
hey I want to know your first car was a
1996 periwinkle geo prizm that I loved
and drove into the ground it was the
first expensive big purchase I ever made
and I'm a big believer in kids needing
to purchase their own first car have you
considered having tray as a baby bottle
not really i think the whole baby model
deal it's more for the parents and it
creates a weird thing i'm also really
odd about trey i post a bunch of vines
and pictures of him and stuff but I've
had to have conversations internally
where i'm like i have this video I'm not
gonna put it up because it's in a
sponsored video something very odd to me
like just straight up making money
because of him I have posted video is
here and there but we haven't had a main
sponsor there's advertising but that's
chump change I think maybe the only way
I'd be open to it is if like the cut
that would normally go to the company
would go into like his college fund but
then I just think about all the
conversations with lawyers and uh I just
get exhausted no would you ever consider
doing a motion picture like roosterteeth
is doing I don't think so it's not my
passion like I think those guys are
passionate about that project me right
now I'm trying to figure out what I'm
passionate about again I have a lot of
hobbies I have a lot of things that i
enjoy i like making successful things i
don't know what i want the next thing to
be I do think I'll have a better idea
after like the time I take off during
Christmas I feel like right now I'm kind
of working towards that break I'm like
I'm like sprinting for the finish line
and that's also something that always
frustrates me because any time a
youtuber says that people like just take
a break what's the big but any youtuber
that's been around for any decent amount
of time know is that just even taking a
one week break where there's no content
that you've pre-planned or sometimes god
forbid two to four weeks last time I did
that our views on average went down
200,000 like there's a hardcore base but
there are a lot of people that just like
they fall to the side and since it's not
just me and really the PDS you break
down most of the numbers employee pretty
much all the people here it ends up
being a big deal and as you can tell for
me rambling on it this is something
that's been on my mind for a while the
main thing I want to get across is I do
want to do something I just I don't know
what it is yet and I think nation on
that know that's why I'm gonna end this
blog once again if you want to be a part
of next week's video send in your
questions to that snapchat if you
haven't already check out today's PDS at
you
you calm / sxephil okay bye now will you
be my best man at my wedding wait what
seriously
you
