what does it feel like what does it feel
like what does it feel like what is it
so my question to you mr. Kevin Berg yes
is will you be my best man at my wedding
wait what seriously
yes I will I will I'll be your best man
absolutely seriously there dude
oh yeah mere oh oh my god
it's Monday the day that I have the most
apparent bags under my eyes because you
know weekend's are a thing
look at look at my pores have their own
pores anyway so it's Monday I had a good
weekend I uh I ran with Lindsay and then
she was like this was so fun you've done
this several weeks now in a row
let's have we're gonna go on a 5k the
morning of Thanksgiving like I'm gonna
burn all the calories from eating all of
the food come on
Thanksgiving I love a holiday that's
about pure gluttony I mean it has
reasons it's really just gluttony and my
family is coming out so I'm gonna have
like good Lindsay food I'm gonna have
good stepmama DeFranco food it's gonna
be good times I also found out that
happy baby is a yoga pose that Lindsay
showed me and then I shared with the
internet and I found out many people
including many ladies are a fan of
Lindsay's butt so I'm like I'm glad that
we have that in common and then I found
out I can make tray laughs by opening my
eyes really big
and then on Twitter this morning I asked
a bunch of you to to give me three
amazing things about yourself and I
might I might include you in a video and
I was originally going to make someone
the sponsor of the day but then I
thought people thought I might think
that I actually took money from this
person but then I wanted to feature what
could be the funniest answer or maybe
the most real who knows I had a Twitter
user by the name Deanna Durham say I can
tell you in three words ik sucking game
not even care that she mentioned that it
was fellatio if you got that much like
ride and confidence and anything you do
in life you will succeed then I got some
Revo lights for my bike because I'm
terrified of people hitting me in the
middle of the dark and then also start
posting on vine a little bit not like a
lot and it's purely come out of boredom
kind of like why I started doing YouTube
videos except I started doing vine
because when I'm like feeding tray or
I'm doing something I usually have one
hand free thanks to apps on the phone I
can actually edit stupid videos which
for some reason involve my boredom
becoming tray dancing
and me showing visually that I'm not a
morning person I'm gonna go play video
games now was this really a vlog or was
it a vernal a video Journal has anyone
ever said that if not that's I just
coined it put it on urban dictionary I
also feel like vernal could be a journal
that your vagina keeps standing out that
stupid I'm gonna go play video games
fight hey buddy you have a good you have
a good run worn out you weren't out from
your run buddy you look really tired you
hungry hey isn't milk yeah you need you
need you need to carb up after that run
buddy
yeah sleepy boy hi let's go
