oh we're in the beautiful Sidious
San Francisco tell me about New York
sorry excuse me ma'am where are we sir
where is this city we're in
Chicago is a Chicago's a lot nicer than
I thought it was gonna be and I don't
mean that like I don't know how to say
that without sounding like offending the
place but it's like it's actually kind
of gorgeous around here
Chicago district we're in Chicago disco
cat in Chicago district you're beautiful
well she likes it you used to have a
thing no you are beautiful you don't say
too busy man you know I go to take a
shit the second I walk in the door why
can't you just put a little why can't
you come down to where I am and talk to
me I hate it when you guys fight
you totally wipe your hand on my team
guys welcome back to the the back of the
van we'll how you doing buddy
well you know I think it's gonna be a
real show what are you up I tickled
we'll recently it was good what were you
doing when you got into this car Joe you
need to tell everyone well I was doing a
bit where I felt like it was a little
too crowded so my face had to be pressed
up against Steve's face which was really
funny but then I took it to the next
level by caressing your genitals yeah
and then I took it to the next next
level by caressing wills genitals it
made me uncomfortable the drivers all
the way from back here they call that
the old there's not enough room yeah
yeah Abbott and Costello started that
back in the day I like to do it in
theaters sometimes when you go into your
seat like at the ArcLight where there's
a sign sees you I - why is it the worst
one will says it what'd you guys do have
you saw Sam driving that ambulance any
waves and he has like blood on his
forehead like we made it and made it
need to get away
have time to put his penis and put his
penis in SAMHSA's girl buddy cannot time
to put his head
buddy
Joe how you feeling I'm good what I'm
really excited about tonight because of
the audience doesn't know is that
somebody one of them will die okay
there's a guy yeah we gave away some
tickets to see micro cast College good
that was a good thing it's like yeah
part of the screening was we found out
if they had family still there
we found the three individuals under
Newman's eye that had no family no ties
to any other in fact they lost their
birth certificates so we did a second
okay we did a background check we found
out that basically these people can die
and no one will miss them okay that's
really it
this show is gonna be like an organic
monster angels
and follow the station
yeah
nice I'd like to lie to you right now
but I just can't this was the greatest
show we've ever done tell me why lie to
me at least okay talk on the show
amazing show we have to come up with a
new code word for the outro we've never
hit the outro that's like the pork pie
you know yeah the only times we hear the
outro proposed to Lindsey bring out baby
and even that was like the the bring our
baby was was the saving grace I love it
it's fun
