salt nation it is what's up wednesday
where you guys ask me questions on
Twitter Facebook everywhere and then
I'll give you answers that are hopefully
not the stupidest things that ever came
out of my mouth okay let's get started
but first I want to thank these spots
are out today's blog lead Dollar Shave
Club com / blog and if you are currently
the kind of person that buys razors from
the store they're overpriced have stupid
features I'm gonna punch you in the face
no I'm not but meant to say was I used
to be just like you until I started
actually using Dollar Shave Club they if
you want you can actually spend three
dollars a month and get razor sent to
your house personally user nine dollar
plan because there's nothing that's
touching this face that isn't premium
also i'm not sure why just keep randomly
shout at me point if you want some
razors that are easy awesome and
probably another third word like that
link in the description make a smart
move the first question of the day is
why does everything all of a sudden look
a lot different also where are those
angry birds i have no idea what you're
talking about all of this was definitely
filmed on the same day and not a
different day next question ego vald
says if we can't see air can fish sea
water Rob Benedict ass what games make
you nostalgic old ones daniel Jones ass
I've seen you post a few times about job
offers within your company on social
media how often does someone from the
nation actually end up getting an
interview / being hired I know what the
actual percentage is personally I like
when people come from the nation or like
they're a big youtuber in some sense
because they understand the workflow but
I've seen in the past if we get someone
from TV or like doing something they
don't understand how our industry works
and so we really don't see eye to eye a
lot of people don't realize the producer
of the pds he came in as an intern will
on SourceFed Raina they came in as
interns a bunch of people have so what
happens and those people often end up
being my favorite employees should I say
that I shouldn't say that I talk to
ghosts asked will you ever do with
Franco does London Franco does London
and Dublin will be happening in early
2015 we're just trying to figure out how
the hell you send such a big crew out
there and not lose money by hosting them
there for like a week and a half also it
seems like this is as good a time as any
we still have some tickets available for
the franco-dutch Chicago in October 10
you want to go get them while you can
start oriel ass how do you like destiny
so far does it live up to the height
sorry it's very weird it's like that the
story is
I don't want to say garbage cuz it's
probably got really awesome lore but the
game does a terrible job of talking
about the story that said I'm addicted
to it like on a weird level whenever I
stream by the way on twitch.tv /
DeFranco games at two to four p.m.
pacific time monday to thursday ah I've
been playing destiny i don't know if
it's like the loot even the farming is
kind of fun and therapeutic I don't know
why I like it so much Robert F ro asks
do you have an on-screen persona no not
really what you see is what you get I
just kind of I think I what I've heard
is I talk a little lower in person but I
think that's because for some reason
whenever I see a camera I'm like shout
and wave your hands in real life I still
talk with my hands way too much it looks
like I'm fighting like invisible ninjas
but this is probably closer to my actual
voice that sometimes ends up taking a
backseat as he asked thoughts on bethany
mota on dancing with the stars would you
ever consider doing the show have asked
one I think it's awesome that bethany
mota is doing it and that youtube both
the company and the community have just
been rallying behind her and to know
never i am the worst dancer of all time
Evelyn I'm in the bottom 20th percentile
man says can you do the wave with your
eyebrows maybe I doing it or am I having
a stroke I can't oh honey Webster asked
what's the first concert you went to a
Beach Boys concert I was very young and
there was a beach ball and it was like
the best thing in my life at that time
ABS how do I make my hair look like
yours ah be Asian and put gel in it or
be me and put gel in it where did that
amazing shirt come from talking about
this shirt that I posted in the picture
and the answer is ninety-seven percent
of the time always going to be for human
people's calm also note to people that
have been purchasing stuff from the site
for like the past two months stuff is
getting sent out much slower than normal
it's a it's a good problem to have
because there's a lot of orders and
we've been adding staff and fortunate
thing as well we build up their slower
orders like a lot of the places they
normally have like two to three weeks
shipping we like to usually get it out
of house in two days all right now we're
closer to that two to three-week window
young Nicholas asked how many takes do
you regularly do for the philip defranco
show that is a very hard question
because I don't script the show I don't
really plan anything out i don't even
really make the order until after I'm
like three fourths into the video if we
jump into it from attempts
at sentences several hundred a nation
that's actually gonna be the end of
today's Q&A thanks again to Dollar Shave
Club com for sponsoring this you guys
for sending the questions in if you not
100% filled then make sure you go check
out the PDS or I'm live streaming today
on my usual time to 24 p.m. pacific link
down below that's it I love your faces
and we'll talk soon
