this crowd is gonna be like an organic
red ball so it is it's Friday morning
woke up at 5:00 I got showered got all
clean that's the interwebs if I need to
bring a jacket or like a really big
jacket and then I bring a sweater and a
cover and I don't know what that man
sobrina fleece everybody loves fleece
probably can no duh duh duh can't nut
canna duh duh swag
work harder to be clear I do wanna be
smarter this my goals get larger and
larger but flow you chopper miss sharper
just there we're on different flights
gonna miss you
I'll see like in six hours that's like
six more than I want what are you crying
no okay no that's right let your
emotions flow no I have any room we
might die today
Oh touch presentation later fuck the dog
to tell what how to spell I never once
put me first I was trapped in my own
house
premeditated compensation teleportation
no we made it better you had it suspense
thanks for for fucking up our slides
Audrey's that allows suspense Joe
brought to pressures did you do never
water it no that's why I'm not homeless
all right well you homeless yes yes who
brushes rooted with just water losers
huh hi Joe so wait you're one of the
people just didn't brush their teeth as
well just 826 Tic Tacs how did this work
will I'm a demo American I let's guys
oh yeah show yeah it's okay school
though because like you don't sell them
anymore so like that's how you feeling
now you go and that's the question how
I'm great
week 16 see I keep getting the number
wrong at the dice 13 what would you do
give me another one any another one I
gotta fix this well you think anybody
wants that signature you just devalued
that poster that just got a reverse
money to a how nervous are you that
people's questions so nervous Willie's
job to make sure we don't get the shitty
question there's gonna be one or two I'm
sorry
last time they lied to me they said I'm
gonna ask this now like you know what am
I asked this - what's the one question
they shouldn't ask is it ass
I had sense of that cuz Phil will get
really mad say one more time
got it dude that was fucking vulgar I
know less son asked me that a DeFranco
does antarctica best 7 man show
Audrina said that we're going up in 15
minutes and my stomach just went like
like and I was like oh there it is it's
always like right before the show that
I'm like okay this could be this is
gonna be nerve-wracking but I just got
to do five push-ups like a man and then
and then these guys are gonna get a
start with some music I'll be people
know I'm just like sprinting in the back
the entire time Chris tryna get my
energy up and then we're gonna do it to
our show to our meet and greet you know
it's about to get live let's CC before
eating live this is live this is now
actually the stuff you're watching that
was online to me he's not mine but
you're watching at the time it was live
right now it is not this is probably
months later like this is far from live
we're four minutes out four minutes out
four men four minutes out I'm sorry were
you aware that is gonna be the fucking
bitch anybody told you guys but this is
gonna be the best one yet
then I heard now by the wayside this is
gonna be the best one yeah yes I got a
letter in the mail the actual mail that
said all it said was this is gonna be
the best guys President Richard Nixon
contacted me yesterday in the afternoon
he's in said this is going to be the
best show we've ever done my grandma
came back from the dead and she hated me
just to tell me that this would be the
best show my dad cheated on my mom let's
do this best show on three one two three
best
there was this one time I got grounded
for four months because I played laser
tag after 9/11 that was
you know clearly forgot
I was like I was like oh they're going
to go hang out my buddy Greg we're gonna
go play laser tag and she was like
really after 9/11 my friend sent a slip
and slide up front is it okay if I go
after 9/11 your father and I
