nation it is Thursday and I thought
today for this special bonus vlog I
would bend my iphone on cam no I'm not
actually instead of doing that what I've
been doing since I got it like literally
the first thing I did I turned on the
phone and then I slapped myself as I've
been messing with the 240 frames per
second that the phone allows me to film
it no light great natural light really
cool pointless so I made a video for you
video made possible from the lovely
people at dollarshaveclub.com / vlogedy
if you use razors save yourself the
hassle from going to the store paying
for overpriced razors with a bunch of
features you're not gonna use come on
the DSC bandwagon like I have you can
pay three dollars a month I'd personally
do the $9 a month service deliver them
to your door and you have a money-back
guarantee that said - is a shame
Oh
Oh
you
