we're gonna do this mom I do buy a house
with really shitty long hallways mom
this is way too dark throw this away to
dark
Oh bro what I saw a Twilight episode saw
a Twilight Zone episode like this it
wasn't a house it was a town um how is
replicating itself again mom Oh God are
you fucking serious so scared so scared
and I look like a bitch no no just tons
of note tons of note tons a note bro
oh it's inescapable that's what's
terrifying yeah I got a coke if you want
oh are you a Pepsi guy my is there a
button I can hit or do I have it really
like too dark and I'm just like missing
something oh I just I just I decided to
look at it for more than like two
seconds Oh God
something's about to happen oh no bro
really
whoa
no come on let me outta here
oh no lights anywhere okay we're in this
together
oh no no no no no no no no oh my god oh
my god dude really no I'm good this has
to it's just getting worse it's getting
worse Oh what the fuck is that dude oh
no my walking in blood something's
behind me I think
wait why is that disappearing
Oh No Oh No
why are the sounds going faster why are
the sounds going faster don't do this no
no no no no no no no what is it laughter
from oh oh no what's about to happen
oh there's no hello Oh what does that
mean it it's actually there is something
that's changing I don't know I don't
know whoa
why am i running out now yeah so I have
a mic here oh no no no no oh that's a
lady oh that's a lady oh my god now you
told you did a real thing and I don't
know what that said call her a name
what's her name people in horror movies
are always called Jessica yes you can
yes you could
know what just happens what flash on the
screen for half a second no no no oh
damn it
okay first one down to say jerath when
she's crying
I think the mic things alive
Gareth Gareth Lisa no you jerath bro yo
bro you jerath you grow you jerath bro
yeah it's not it's not in here I'm gonna
let's turn the light on for a second
yo you hear me I'm talking to you Lisa
Lisa please say you wanna you want to go
you wanna go hang out with Gareth you
wanna go sir Gareth if me and you could
be friends then maybe Lisa wouldn't be
such a bitch
Lisa fuck it's not working now oh my
controllers vibrating oh it's vibrating
no way
you've been chosen finally yes we do you
guys we did it that was initially fun
terrifying then extremely annoying guys
I love you faces
I hate all microphones that's just a
thing but yeah we have this little setup
here so streaming from home will be a
lot easier no I just got my internet to
not suck all the dicks
