hey should it is Wednesday which is
what's up wednesday where you ask me
questions I give you answers and
sometimes they're not stupid nailed it
first take Oh today's gonna be a hard
day I got a nose throat thing I'm hoping
this pain in my side is not the
beginning of a kidney stone and I'm just
I have no sleep I'm Justin cranky old
man mode which is actually the perfect
transition for our sponsor of today's
show audible.com slash laga t 0 comma of
course fantastic place where they have
over 100,000 downloadable digital
audiobooks and service i use a lot but i
use it even more now cuz now instead of
driving to work i ride my bike to and
from work which i have a lot of extra
time because i'm not that fast and if
you've been thinking about testing it
out no better time use our URL you get
one month free trial and one download
for free but that awesomeness said let's
jump into the first question of the day
ben wenger says if I met you in real
life can we be friends and it I think we
met in real life I don't know if I want
I want to be your friend not not because
you're not a cool person but because i
know that i'm going to underwhelm and
disappoint you i'm a pretty bad friend i
have a slightly better excuse now that i
have a baby and like there there's more
of a time sink at home but i forget
birthdays invitations sometimes i don't
get back to people for 48 hours i'm
pretty terrible but Bennett once I work
on myself and I figure out what's inside
here maybe a mug full of jelly beans on
tumblr asked have you ever read a book
that changed your life I would say the
closest thing to to that would be a
4-hour workweek by Tim Ferriss haven't
been able to take a lot of his ideals of
actually getting to a point where I only
work four hours a week because of legal
obligations and my job is much different
than what he talks about for people that
read that book but a point that comes
across is there's no reason you have to
be the best you don't have to ace every
test as long as you're rocking an 85
doing 95 that's fine like if I want to
do something like a new skill or
something I don't need to be the best in
the world any of the tools and the
tricks become like someone that's say
the 95th percentile because the 95th
percentile and up the advantages over
people that are like really really low
incremental small and significant to the
layman and unless you're like trying to
like
a gold medal for the entire world you're
good and Parker Staley asks where did
you buy a cool jacket that you wear in
many of your videos Express for men
every jacket that you've probably liked
has come from there and then all the
other shirts and stuff either from there
if it's a dress shirt or for human
people's which is our own clothing
company unless asked what new gadget
would you like to see more developed or
even invented I'm just actually saying
this to Lindsay last night because if
you've been following me on instagram
and twitter you know i'm trying to
develop a skill to cook I very much want
a smart refrigerator something that like
I don't have to input whatever I just
like put a food in there and it knows
what's in there and then I grab my phone
I can be like oh do I have cinnamon or
am I going to buy a six fucking thing of
cinnamon or actually the worst because
we have people over for like the UFC
fights I have like eight things of
mustard cuz I always forget if we have
mustard I'm like wait no I got the spicy
mustard idea to get the yellow know if
you have a million of those filled a
smart refrigerator and then eventually
full-on smart house Michael Gutierrez
asked what platform you're getting
destiny for ps4 I have I have all the
consoles but unless it's like Call of
Duty advanced warfare or madden i'm
getting the game for ps4 these days are
you excited about grace Helbig and
hannah hart hosting the streamys this
weekend yes one hundred percent I love
these women I if you want to talk about
a homegrown YouTube town even though you
know great start before YouTube these
are the ladies that there's they're
smart about what they do they're smart
about what their next steps are there
smart about what they do off of youtube
and how it's connected yes but as far as
I'm concerned these women are like the
same level but a different way of why I
love like the vlogbrothers this is weird
to think you've changed lives of people
you'll probably never meet I guess there
is something kind of weird about it it's
not that weird these days to me because
I've been doing it for so long they also
kind of love it because I would not be
able to effect as many people as I
possibly do if it was all like
face-to-face I was the whole reason to
get started sometimes you just gotta put
stuff out into the world how's it feel
being so close to 30 I'm 29 sad face he
doesn't talk as much as I thought it
would I will say that first I lower back
hurts every now and then and it
seems to be that the people that like me
these days don't like me because of my
personality but because I make good
babies how much freedom on social media
will you allow tray Twitter Facebook
what ages I have no damn idea I have
nothing I don't know I'm gonna try and
give that kid a break down of like the
do's and don'ts but it's it's such a
scary if you did something stupid back
in the day like that shit would not
follow you with like the level that it
follows you these days someone educate
him as far as the do's and don'ts but oh
no it's a scary world out there man that
said I'm still gonna get tech in front
of him as fast as possible and see maybe
he wants to create stuff using this and
just see what he wants to do maybe he
wants to learn how to code I think
that's gonna be really important what is
your opinion on fat shaming and body
police say that's how you know this
question came from tumblr well this is a
big ger thing for me what I will say
though the basic a thing for me
commenting on someone's weight and maybe
what they should do or something like
that that is an event that you have to
be invited to that person has to open
the door to you or they need to be like
dying I've been all over the place with
my personal help I've been really really
big I've been kind of fit right now I'm
at 204 earlier this year 0 is 2 30 to 35
so I'm feeling better but I have a long
way to go it's interesting I don't fully
share those parts of my life because
people can be so fucking me and what's
kind of shitty about it is people with
saying stuff thing that they're helping
but they're none that doesn't include
people are just fucking mean I still
share small parts of it so that people
go like oh yeah this is something if I
want to change I got a chain I
ultimately feel like people should feel
comfortable in their own skin but if
it's also that they're super unhealthy
and it's going to hurt their life and
hurt like the darkest times of my life
were also they they were connected to
when I was the biggest is that the same
for everyone I don't know like I know my
son if he's like a kind of a big kid I'm
not gonna be like fix it fatty be like
let's go for a run today let's play
basketball let's do something together
Phil people who called you out on social
justice issues claiming abuse of white
privilege cisgender male etc do you
think any of them have valid points so
we as the nation can learn from Oh white
male privilege the thing that I love
seeing in my youtube comments and on
tumblr I think the thing that annoys me
is that no matter who I support what
would I say at the end of the day
hey I'm still just a 28 year old white
guy in too many people that means I can
have valid input on many topics I think
that's in large part due to if you've
been on the internet for a certain
amount of time you think that empathy is
dead that people are not capable of
putting themselves in someone else's
shoes for a moment as far as the valid
points that we could take away some of
the the more sensible people that don't
just try and crucify me because I say
one word because that was referenced in
a story is the same stuff that I try to
preach understand where people are
coming from everyone deserves be loved
and happy as long as they're not hurting
other people it also believe there's a
lot of extremism and hypocrisy when you
start talking about these subjects still
one of my favorites is I someone sent me
a four-page email saying that I was a
bad person because I said I was having a
son just because of the baby in my my
fianc√©'s stomach had a penis and maybe
he won't recognize himself as my son but
maybe my daughter which is just like wow
but at the end of the day what I
understand is that the world is filled
with a lot of angry people that have
possibly been hurt maybe they're they're
scared they're they just they they have
a lot of emotions so whether it be about
this or anything else in the world I
kind of just shake my head and keep
doing my thing ain't point being down
with whitey he is the devil and that's
how I'm gonna end today's show I am so
tired if you have not for some reason
checked out today's pts you watch the
videos out of order make sure you watch
a show if you have not voted for show up
here for the philip defranco show today
please do I love you for that but I'm
done for this blogging yeah bye okay
then jeez whoa still talking off camera
seriously by
