to make it a good way by you first one
step and get our ear back in you kiss
the baby
you pay for the steak you started a
steak flip at us
you'll repeat that a steak and you blow
in the baby's eyes anytime agree but
then you have to battle then you do a
tummy time
oh you can do it you can do it only 89
more minutes if you get the butter then
you put it back in because you didn't
put it long enough now it's actually
done then you check the crit no because
your lady and I just one more time
perfect then you pop it the baby
then you'll flip at the state karate
chops and you poke at the baby then a
lot of culture were the most important
steps a wine pouring of the wine guess
which one is mine then you double kiss
mom then you slip at the stake in one
two then you quickly dance with baby
then you'll pay it
in a better choice choice
then are you say I quit prayer lord
thank you for this delicious steak and
also a Steve Chen and Chad Hurley
yourself you come in and it's perfect on
you put it in your mouth like so other
desired is enjoy a nice fillet system in
the world
then you tell baby erases job then you
papa the baby
