sup nation welcome to what's up
Wednesday when you send me questions
I'll give you answers sometimes those
even are in the form of sentences that
work together before we jump into
everything i want to remind you to drive
sober or get pulled over nation it is a
little bit sad that the NHTSA has to
sponsor me to remind people at over
10,000 people in America die every year
because of drunk driving it's one of the
reasons law enforcement nationwide from
August fifteenth the Labor Day are
cracking down on drunk driving so please
nation don't let yourself or someone
else become our douchebag of the day and
ahead make smart decisions I love your
faces and I don't want you to dead if I
that said let's jump in today's Q&A with
the first question why are you not
nominated for best new show of the year
for the streamys oh I think it was a big
communication error on our side because
I don't think we submitted the philip
defranco show but we only submitted
SourceFed so we missed out on the
category we probably could have easily
crush this morning I found out we're in
the most competitive category and that
is audience show of the year so even
though we are in there with shows that
have 10 times the audience nation like
the link in the description down below
to vote you can vote once a day until
sep tember 7 maybe we really try we
could do it what is your take on Peter
Capaldi as the new doctor i'm holding
judgment right now because he's the new
doctor you have to give him some time to
really get into the role i really like
how Clara's whole arc throughout the
episode paralleled the fans of doctor
who with Capaldi I enjoyed that because
the doctor was like an older man and he
wasn't just this young charming
attractive person and he was this guy
that was kind of lost and unsure of
himself and he has this kind of dark
side I think that that's gonna be the
Capaldi's big thing I think Capaldi can
play up those parts where the doctor
does something dark way better than Matt
Smith Matt Smith came in so weird and
quirky that when he did stuff like he
did something that resulted in the death
of someone it's kind of like they took
an adorable puppy and like gave him an
eye patch and like a badass bandana and
a Harley and they're like oh look he's
edgy the main point who really knows
tenants still my favorite doctor and I'm
open to Capaldi being awesome i'm gonna
give him like six episodes Sarah man
asked what's the biggest adrenaline rush
you've ever had I would say there's 31
was my first time jumping out of an
airplane I would then say doing my first
DeFranco does in Dublin and then
watching my son come into this world and
just the chaos that ensued all for
different reasons but those of them
moments that come to mind pollen Helius
what is the future of DeFranco eng where
do you see everything you're doing now
going towards oh that's a really good
question i think that right now my focus
is i want to launch a new gaming channel
on how we did it like a long time ago
when we launched like totally awesome
which was essentially like the pds but
just about video games the part of LTA
that i really enjoyed which we're like
video game challenges group hangouts and
having fun with people that like no
games pretty well it's something between
the hardcore gamers and like the super
noobs i would think like i'm a filthy
casuals that's just kind of my next fun
project that i want to be on along with
a few other new people that you haven't
seen yet but far far down the road i
don't know i also saw another question
here was like when do you consider you
that you would retire i don't know i
love what i do regardless of the stupid
internet bullshit that goes along with
it it's a fun fun thing Jake little says
finally downloaded twitch for 360 watch
you play PT a few lights ago what other
games do you plan on playing on Twitch
well first playing PT in front of a few
thousand of you was both terrifying and
just and scary for the the fact that I
knew that I was gonna be a little bitch
no
what just happened would flash on the
screen for half a second no the other
games I play on Twitch fifa 14 I've been
playing a little ghost because call of
duty advanced warfare is coming out some
hearth stone I'm trying to stay away
from law because I don't want that kind
of time sink in my life an indie game on
steam here and they're just really uh
whatever is interesting to me at that
time for me a lot of it is about the
game but a lot of it is also about the
community there i feel like the past few
months that we've been on twitch we've
we've made this really fun cool
community that's not like a lot of the
other shit storm chats that you see on
Twitch David edel says do you mostly
ad-lib videos script yourself or even
converse with others in the office about
what you think before shooting for
feedback or is there anyone in the
office you go to for certain subjects
the first thing first I do not script
the philip defranco show it is all
ad-lib plus i quote stories and really
the only people that get input on it are
Amanda and Sarah who work on the
sourcefed calm and social media because
I like having their point of view for
example yesterday when i was talking
about feminism I was just like let me
know if it pisses you off and then like
I can talk to you about it so we can
figure it out and I like you have to be
honest with me and they've called me out
on other topics before and sometimes
I've changed them sometimes I was like
no I'm sticking to my guns on this i
don't care if it's stupid Natalie Landon
says any tips for someone who is moved
across the country without knowing
anyone I think the first thing would be
be open to meeting new people but do not
just latch yourself onto someone because
you're lonely that's how people can end
up in a bad situation it is okay to be
alone from time to time if maclife says
do you take for granted the money you
have or do you wake up every day amazed
that you weren't poor anymore I think
because I came from a place in young
adulthood where I didn't know if I could
eat a day because I did not have money
and I was just like waiting for a check
to come in it definitely gives me
respect for what money can provide
people I think there are moments where
I'm just so in my little tiny bubble I
do take it for granted and don't
understand that this is not the norm
anymore but also having a baby having a
family and being the breadwinner for the
household will also give you a respect
for money I think that's one of the
reasons I'm not just going to give trace
stuff he's gonna have to work for it
they're gonna be times and his young
adulthood where he's gonna have no
safety net I've got to give you some
bruises so you can respect the hustle
you can respect most importantly the
reward nation I think it's actually a
beautiful spot two ends of course we're
not one hundred percent filled in today
make sure
you check out today's philip defranco
show on youtube com / sxephil if you
want some of the awesome shirt some
designs available for one week only you
can go to for human people's calm there
is an annotation somewhere I main point
I love your faces and I'll talk to you
soon
