what you screwed up this time Phil oh so
what's my mic back no way mic pack do we
need to let someone go just so you know
that's like it's the worst thing you
could possibly do because it's not like
no one at this company has ever been
like fired before that someone's like
not in one video and everyone thinks I
fucking fired him Brian wasn't in one
video everyone was like they'll fired
Brian no no no he's on vacation here I'm
Dan else they got really long vacation
well that's cool I'm glad nobody got
fired today for that mess up yeah what
the hell are you doing book club book
club yes I'm always I feel like another
saying book club seem like a guy that
watches anything education but I feel
like are you one of those guys that you
become so focused on creating you don't
consume no I consumed what was the last
show that you watch uh like I said like
on like Netflix or something oh I'm
watching that's the law of the law in
order that Menendez brothers true crime
but what's next
know what else I watched two episodes of
stranger things I don't really care for
it
although movies but I can't remember hug
home let me think of something you
haven't you haven't consumed a movie
when was the last time you went to a
movie theater let me see last movie I
saw was bad mom's Christmas why I don't
really care for it silk I couldn't
change it for me
all right so hello what book is this
today what about book you read oh you
know that should I do
let's do a cool thick will make the
lenses touch ready here we go
softly beautiful bastards hope even a
fantastic Tuesday welcome back to our
monthly DeFranco book club if you new
here we've been doing this for a couple
of months but you can jump in at any
point once a month we choose a book we
put it over on DeFranco book club calm I
listen through it you guys listen
through it then we come back to this
video to talk about it you guys go to
DeFranco book club calm to submit your
reviews your reactions also something
really cool that its debut text signups
now we have to do is text Philly D to
500 500 it start straight from your
phone it's that easy and all of that's
made possible thanks to the Franco book
club being brought to you by audible
that said let's jump into this month's
book Artemis it's by Andy weir whose
name might sound familiar because he's
also the guy behind the Martian Mike
wiki short review that I'm going to
expand on is I kind of liked it I mean I
would say it's like a 3.5 out of 5 if I
had to put a number to any kind of plays
some of the best hits from the Martian
but it also feels like it lacks some of
the same heart that said let's talk
about the story of art we have a main
character jazz she's pretty awesome
she's a smuggler kind of a smartass also
kind of isn't really the right word they
lay it on heavy to me she kind of felt
like if Jeff Winger was a woman and was
a smuggler if there's an empty point the
conversation it's time to say something
snarky I can see how that could rub some
people the wrong way but I personally
enjoyed it look also kind of lays it on
heavy that despite her being a smuggler
she's actually really really smart
wasted talent missed opportunities and
were along for the ride now and
initially I wanted to talk about this as
if it was it was a hero's tale but it's
anything but that we follow this
smuggler who's doing this seemingly bad
thing for money she makes a choice
things don't go down the way that she
wants it becomes deadly despite people
wanting her killed at no point to me
that she seemed like a victim she didn't
realize on the help of others to do this
big super mission then shocker that goes
wrong the very last second she gets that
hero moment and she stands up for it
even though the only reason that she had
to be a hero is because she fucked
things up in the first place now this
point it might feel like I'm kind of
shitting on the main character but once
again like I said in the beginning I
enjoyed her it's just that outside of
the snark there's not really a lot there
she has relationships to other
characters but they seemingly are
one-dimensional relationship and they're
caring about the most is in jazz and her
father although there feel there's a
feeling of redemption story there her
and her former lover who broke her heart
and turned out to be gay don't you don't
really care about that you have guy
willing to help her cuz there's this
puppy-dog love relationship you end up
caring about the most is a relationship
with someone she's never actually
Mette it's her pen pal from from Earth
which by the way for the people that
haven't listened to the book yet this
takes place on the moon and this feels
like a good point to mention that the
world and and and Jazz's interaction
with the world was actually the most
interesting thing about this book to me
way that Andy weir sets up the story the
world the the community on the moon is
really awesome he sets it up in a way
that feels very realistic I was reading
one of several interviews he did and he
said the way that he came up to it was
he started with a problem why would
people who live on the moon cause a shit
ton of money to get there you can't
really say colonization because you
would colonize as a hero or go to the
bottom of the ocean first why the moon
will Taurus okay well once again the big
hurdle there is money and so Andy weir
takes that problem and that's where you
get this whole backstory on Kenya why
and how Kenya is such a core part of
this story and also with the way jazz
interacts with the environment not not
only in her description so then you get
the moments like when Andy goes full
Andy and if you've read or listened to
the Martian you know what I'm talking
about it essentially feels like you're
you're in an engineering or a biology
class and you're just finding something
out in a very interesting way even then
for me there were times where I was like
okay Andy I get what you're about to do
again it does make the world more real
but it almost at times felt like it
would slow down the progress of the
story or the action I was taking place
just in that moment this little
essentially town they have on the moon
Artemus and it's really cool because
they could have done this way way way in
the future where the moon is fully
colonized or just just as they were
setting it up but it ends up because of
where it is in time it ends up being
kind of like this this new Wes there's
no full-on police there is a sense of
order but they're there there is just
lots of opportunity opportunity
obviously for smuggling opportunity for
growth opportunity for really anything
that's just an exciting setting for a
book in general but I will say the way
that he explains things also kind of
lent itself to what this ends up being
it which is a heist and if you've ever
watched a heist movie there's always
like that and then we're gonna do this
and this and then here's the interesting
thing about the third thing that I'm
gonna mention it just felt like at times
that it slowed down the pace of the book
and and you couldn't get to the next
thing or just you were in like a moment
of action and you you want to move
forward and details are great but we get
it but ultimately this is me being
nitpicky because again my review is
pretty good
good I'm actually kind of excited
because like I said my favorite thing
was this world that was built Artemus
and one of Weir's last interviews he
said that he would love to be able to
just make more stories in the same world
jazz would most likely not be the main
character but would exist in the same
world so that's my personal take away
what I thought of the book kind of my
quickie review but with that said one of
my favorite things about this book club
is shooting it back and forth with you
guys so let's hear what some of you guys
thought about this book Ash and rota
found Artemis to be a well thought out
sci-fi with a hint of Ocean's eleven
being constantly reminded of the setting
and low gravity actually made me stop
and think about what it would actually
be like to live on the moon and I think
that would be amazing
one I 100% agree with you as far as the
Ocean's eleven bit yes yes yes number
two fuck no I'm not gonna live on the
moon you listen to the description of
all of those rooms except the super-rich
people rooms and you were like yeah I
need that no gonna be one of those lame
tours one of those fucking hamster balls
I'll go to the moon I don't want to live
on the moon Jamie Murray Lester oh the
imagery got me in rosario dawson did
such great narration I love that the
writer didn't make it too simple for the
main character he's really got a lot of
puzzles that she needs to solve and has
to work hard and portly learn to work
with others to save Artemis and everyone
else oops
in the end she really ever learn to work
with others I feel like it was more she
got people to work with her look if at
the beginning of the book jazz on the
one-to-ten scale with one being selfish
and a lone wolf ten being selfless
leader if at the beginning she was like
a two near the end of the book she's
like a five I feel like you could say
she's evolving as a person but she's she
hasn't she hasn't switch but that's my
personal takeaway Jordan Smith best
surprise me was a rosario Dawson
narration she was amazing I thought she
was pretty good but you didn't you
didn't like her I'm pointing to Keith
off camera you didn't really like her
all right
I felt like the offer kind of was a
little bit obsessed with sex I need for
a story without an actual sex scene in
it like concept of sex and things
related to sex when mentioned a lot and
not only I don't see that as a problem
but there were times when I was
listening to the audiobook and it just
seemed out of place I might get a lot of
flack for saying that but that's just
the impression that I got agree and
disagree there there are jokes there's
some shaming there the constant
references to hated you use my special
condom yeah and that could feel kind of
out of left field but but the way that I
imagine jazz in this specific world that
that that is still like kind of like the
Wild West she's kind of a tomboy I feel
like it's not crazy that that these
conversations and these kind of
situations would come up as smart and
intuitive as jazz is and as she was
wrote I think that maybe she wouldn't
have gotten herself into these
situations to begin she learns that very
important life lesson of it's all about
her friends and it's all about her
finding happiness within herself Janice
has problems with accepting what's
around her who's around her and what
their actual intentions are or which
doesn't happen in every book and in a
book like this I really didn't expect to
see that happen the sense of being one
of those situations where once again I
agree and I disagree and I think that
it's all about perception how we all
kind of take in this book we know that
jazz is smart but but here is here is a
truth in life money makes people stupid
money makes people desperate you feel
like the world's against you or the
world's not the world's not giving you
what you want and all of a sudden there
is this opportunity money in the pursuit
of it will make people go down roads
they they previously thought they
wouldn't never Plus if you pair that
with someone that is smart and probably
thinks that they're smarter than
everyone else that is I think that it's
actually very likely jazz can get away
with that or whatever she wants as long
as she can convince somebody that she's
got some sort of moral character that
you never see in the book she goes as
far as dozen millions of dollars worth
of vandalism and then almost gets away
with mass homicide but where where's the
moral character behind her Ian one I
loved your review I do feel like that
was an important point I glazed over she
almost killed everybody on the moon then
everyone's like well she bought a round
for the bar she's good buy
me my questions for Phil are you looking
forward to see this book turned into a
movie and would you change anything
before doing so so what am I looking
forward to if they if they make this a
movie yeah but as far as what I would
change I would make it not a movie I
think that would be a fantastic series
use this as the opener and then build
the hell out of the world is there
anything specific you do on a vacation
on the moon I think I just we haven't
probably like a panic attack 70% of the
time and 20% street everyone's just
gonna have sex in space it's gonna be
the new mile-high club but they even
talked about that in the book it's old
people having sex because it's better
for their joints and then 10% I don't
know would you like to see a sequel to
this book though I don't know
jazz gets catfished by her pen pal last
month it seemed like I was the only one
to love Sleeping Beauty's so I don't
know maybe I have terrible taste
the core problem I had with this book
was the main character herself jazmine
Bashara was just so annoying just the
perfect combination of sarcastic and
boneheaded one Isaiah yeah I think you
would be in minority for liking Sleeping
Beauty's that is fine though also here's
the main thing I want people to know
that it like it's never a bad thing for
you to have a different opinion than me
or the majority of the group that you
just have you have if anything that's
far more interesting to your points yeah
I could see how she could be a
frustrating characters I like smartass
characters but I also could see when
that person seemingly doesn't back up
although you're so smart sand and I'm so
smart it's that would be frustrating the
main things I do agree with you on is I
don't think that she does learn a lesson
along the way like she's open to seeing
her ex-boyfriend near the end some of
the relationships with the characters
it's again it's like on a ten-point
scale she went from I got to to a five
he's very close to being the same person
she has essentially the same amount of
money she had in the beginning she now
has more responsibility of being a
smuggler and she essentially has insider
information into what she's going to
invest her money that also makes me
wonder it is the point of a story to see
someone grow as a person or is it just
to tell a story is every story have to
make you think not always I find it
better when it does some people they
want to paint others want to color by
numbers but that's also why this color
by numbers gets a 3.5 out of 5
at least from me that's where we're
gonna end this one and if you want to
take part in next month's book club
here's all you got to do if you know
just sign up to
well you get a free audiobook with a
30-day trial membership next month we're
gonna be jumping into turtles all the
way down it's John Green's newest book
something to listen to over the holidays
and remember to seize my link in the
description down below audible.com slash
Philly d also if you actually want to be
in a video go to DeFranco book club comm
cement your review your reaction with
that said I love your faces and I'll see
you tomorrow
and this would be worth 3.5 Billy Dee's
drinking a small bottle of Jameson
