hi I'm Philip DeFranco and today this is
my outfit of the day video I'm wearing
my Nike Air Max some red shorts that I
got from Target a fabulous top from FHP
and he beats headphones around my neck
after I watch way too many commercials
with Kaepernick and down
stop blocking it time people today I
want to talk to you about self better if
occation which is a word I made just now
and Before we jump into it and seems
appropriately so I want to thank the
sponsor of today's show I'll shave
club.com / vlogedy if you don't know
they are the fantastic service I
personally use and recommend if you want
to get awesome razors on the cheap
delivered to your home they haven't
where you can actually do $1 a month or
if you want to use some of the other
razors which I do you can do that I just
made my life easier because otherwise I
was just in the store buying some crazy
overpriced razor that it's stupid
features I didn't need whether you
actually have the full on facial hair or
you just have to get rid of the random
sporadic hairs like myself it is
fantastic but nation that's not the only
way that I try and make my life better
that's a big part of it is is I realize
I need to trade the good for the bad
I've been on this quest for
self-improvement for a really long time
most recently a few months ago one of
you know that have been running for a
while and it was kind of crazy someone
compared be the first day of my running
to some of the most recent pictures and
it's wild to see that change but I also
realized that my life is still more in a
room that I feel comfortable with but
during my day I'm sitting down a lot
while I'm researching I stand while I
film so I'm not sitting 100% of the day
I'm in meetings but the worst of all not
addicted to video games but I crave it
constantly and I give in to that urge a
lot I figured that's fine it's okay to
play video games it's not that's not the
worst thing I could be doing I could be
doing crack making meth eventually
turning on my friend Jesse I'm not it's
video games and because I'm such a big
weirdo I wanted to make mathematical
sense so as of last week I started doing
something I call trading good for bad to
start off for every 30 minutes that I go
and I like a workout I do something
that's all about self-improvement and
that is active I give myself an hour to
play video games and stream it on my
twitch and blabbity blah and it's worked
rather well I found myself trying to
actively make my workouts longer so that
I could go and play video games longer
so instead of a three-mile jog it turned
into a six-month like it was still a
three-mile jog but a three-mile walk as
well also it didn't help that I got a
30-minute business call while I was
doing it the same
I was happy about it because normally I
would have taken that call while sitting
down in my room doing nothing so nation
to those of you that have been giving me
these compliments that I've been
changing for the positive saying that
it's inspiring you I say you join me if
you want this change let this be your
first small step and something that you
can stick to for you it doesn't have to
be video games it could be Netflix
binging it could be watching stupid
reality TV it could be anything that you
you look at your life and you're like
it's something that I enjoy but it
really it doesn't add anything and let
the gatekeeper to that stuff that you
still want to do be the good stuff it
doesn't have to have a 1 to 2 ratio
maybe it's one to one you know it's a
nation that's something I wanted to
share with you guys because when I do
that if Ranko does when I go to VidCon
and stuff I love hearing the stories of
like people that had started on couch to
5k and even after I stopped they kept
going on top of just trying to help
myself I like trying to be that spark
for other people when I came that said I
find that the working out it helps me
immensely because when I FIFA is the
most frustrating game in the world that
I feel like it raises my blood pressure
and to end today's video I'm just gonna
give you an example of a game that I've
had this me enjoy I love your face if
you haven't checked out today's PDS be
sure to do that leg stuff little bit
still getting the rust off the chains
can it off the the rails get it off
everything all the rust
Ron a streak not the good kind this is
an interesting team but the fact that
he's playing this team the fact that
he's playing this team and he's in
division 3 makes me feel like I'm even
my crush me
Reyna good are you kidding me you want
to grab the ball
come on you got it
you gotta get that buddy I believe in us
we can do this I believe in us we can do
this there we go
I think I think we're gonna we're gonna
start we're gonna start hurting people
we're gonna start hurting people s it's
gonna happen are you kidding me oh my
god oh my god any forward momentum we
get then some bullshit happens Oh
Wow I can't believe he blocked that
who did that little finesse around him
there we go
we're not gonna let this kid win him and
his fucking stupid kickoff which come on
let's do this shit
no he's got it fuck after the stream
today I got a I gotta go into the
settings and switch it so it changes on
air balls cuz here what let's I don't
think it's gonna skip the replay there's
a guy that's in front and he moves to
the back for no reason look at this but
he's right in front he ran past what are
you gonna do
I'll take it it was ugly as fuck but
I'll take anything I can get right now
I thought he made it I thought he made
it
how oh my god I hate this this get this
specific match is so ridiculous what is
so crazy I can't believe the scores 33
and the way the game goes we could
easily lose no problem
come on come on come on come on come on
we got this
yes oh my god this is so ridiculously
hard-fought Oh
oh my god I think this game is gonna
make me have a heart attack
no there is no God how many times how
many times how many times
yes what is happening what is this game
are you kidding me what is this any
yes we won we won I can't believe it
nine goals yes good game
