soft nation welcome to what's up
Wednesday where you guys send me
questions on my Twitter my facebook my
everything and then I try to answer them
as best or terribly as possible
Alex LaRhonda says are you ready for
your fantasy football draft not really
essentially the way that I get ready is
I just start caring about it three to
four days before the draft I'm in a
keeper League and then just a everyone
starts fresh League loss in the
sourcefed League last year because
Jamaal Charles got like 65 points in one
game just crushed me and then in my
other league which has like a bunch of
tubers I have one two out of three
seasons and I do want to say season I
lost a dim pick my own team that's the
only reason why I okay also for people
that are playing for money and fantasy
football drafts watch the waiver wire
man Cassidy doesn't ask but instead
write sits patiently waiting for news of
DeFranco des New York well Cassidy
unfortunately you will be waiting for a
very long time some East Coast DeFranco
news to Franco des Toronto sold out a
few days ago so I'm gonna be 11 1600
faces in person at the end of September
in the last United States show we will
be having this year and probably for a
decent amount of time - Franco does
Chicago I can't officially announce a
date but I will say is we usually do the
shows on Saturdays and it's very much
looking like it's only early October so
if you're one of the many people that
have yelled at me because you didn't get
tickets in time for the Franco tester
Anto maybe you go visit lovey-lovey
Chicago and catch a Cubs game and not
get shot
chica Momo asks what would you like to
see happen next on Netflix series wise I
think Netflix has been making a lot of
the smart moves because they have this
crap ton of money because they have the
subscriber base and because they don't
have to just throw out a bunch of stuff
they get to be selective that said some
of their original series because some of
them like like Lillehammer some of them
haven't had but I think the two notable
you'd say orange is the new black you
have house of cards even the fact that
you're they were able to bring back a
series and I'm not talking about
Arrested Development cuz that one was
rough with the fact that they brought
the killing back for six episodes I was
like thank you it's a it makes this
other place where people can end a
series yeah I think ultimately a more
original series because there's only so
many times I'm up in the middle of the
night and I'm like yeah I'll watch an
entire Anthony Bourdain series what is
the food like in Afghanistan
Jamie Grogan asks what is the best way
to overcome problems in life Jamie I
think a big part of that is figuring out
which problems it makes sense to attack
head
and which stuff you have to just kind of
let slide when I was much younger I
would attack everything like it was my
biggest enemy in the world and that's
that's exhausting and it also it doesn't
give you the outcome you always need
that is a very important skill to
develop Jared asks you work with many
very attractive ladies does your fiance
ever get jealous no not really I think
that maybe early on it that might have
been the case but I think at this point
she knows like I'm a locked-down
I love her I want to be with her I don't
want to do anything that would
disrespect her I don't want to do
anything that would hurt her so I think
we're very much on the same page Louis
meta says how do you learn to run a
business and manage finances did you
take classes or was it all on the job as
you went along Louie a lot of it was
just learning along the road I mean
that's I mean we're all kind of
experimenting in public that's that's
the life of a youtuber even though more
and more as you see the younger
youtubers and what they are I don't
necessarily know if I am that anymore I
sometimes wonder and I don't mean that
in a bad way I think maybe just the
definition is changing but for the
finances it was essentially like okay
here's an amount that we're okay with
risking but how do we still make that
money into more money and now that we
have a much larger company luckily we
have an accountant that handles that his
name is Matt I call him and I'm like if
I do this will the whole company be
bankrupt then he's like probably not
that's more along the line of once
you've already started growing once you
already start growing you should really
focus on the things that you think
you're good at and you want to be good
at and people that are good at that just
put them in that place Wes Brown asks
will you ever make FIFA videos so I just
started this thing that I'm going to
mention in tomorrow's vlog Andy which
are to vlog these in a row that's
amazing so many of our editors and staff
have been getting sick from whatever the
hell it is going through California
right now so we've just been down people
and then normally I would just edit the
vlog it is but there's more on my plate
than ever so I'm just I'm just balancing
everything but to answer your question
yes kind of I don't want to just upload
pure FIFA videos right now they'll
probably just be parts of vlog ADIZ I
just think that's because the blog piece
is supposed to showcase my life and or
behind the scenes and a lot of my life
is video games but I'm twisting it up
Nick Kristensen said what's one thing
you wish you had done differently in
preparation to be a dad I would say not
really much I mean we went through all
the classes so like I know Bay
CPR I talked about this much times you
know you set up places for poison
control you give yourself a time line to
baby proof your house but at the end of
the day nothing is going to prepare you
that first week was one of the hardest
times in my life ever I've been at
points in my life where I was like I
don't know what my future's about I was
having trouble in school I didn't think
I was gonna be able to pay rent and I
felt like you know I was underwater but
I've never felt as underwater as the
first week of having a baby going oh no
what if this is like something I'm
terrible at but luckily that's something
most fathers end up going through and
any anything that you think that you're
like I'm gonna go into this and I'm
gonna be like this because my parents
raised me this like you don't know how
you'll instinctually act but having
those things in your mind beforehand
well they don't really prepare you
afterwards it gives you kind of like
what you want to do and end and it gives
you a roadmap if you will dren cobos is
what type of teenager do you think tre
would end up being I have no idea
apparently when I was a little kid I was
really outgoing but I don't know what
happened in middle school high school I
was the most awkward quiet keeps myself
kids so I don't know that said I am so
excited to see his personality come out
because though the most I get to really
see it is like in the morning he wakes
up he's really happy and then like this
morning I I've been watching him in the
morning when I get ready so Lindsey can
get some stuff done she can sleep a
little longer and like this morning we'd
dance to some Taylor Swift together you
know cuz I'm a manly man and you get
those giggles and you pick him up and he
just like Nestle's his head into your
neck and I very much love being a father
because I get to just see someone grow
there is a little twinge in my heart
knowing that at some point he's gonna be
like that my dad's an asshole oh my god
and imagine the first time he says I
hate you just child's rage just probably
have to be like you shut your face go in
that room and then he'll close the door
and I'll just start weeping
the last question of the day is from
angel Morales when making major life
decisions what are important things to
consider how a long life is I mentioned
it kind of at the beginning of
yesterday's pds of the world is much
bigger than our small little bubbles
just remember that every time you're
about to burn that bridge you're doing
something maybe you shouldn't do that
might get you locked up and you lose
years of your life anytime anything
seems like the most important thing in
world it is likely not unless it is a
matter of life death or physical safety
this life of ours this thing is a
marathon you don't want to pull a hammy
in the first stretch that said even I
100 percent of the time don't follow my
own rules cuz fuck people nation that's
where I'm gonna end today's volley now
if for some reason you're like I need
more philip defranco in my life I did an
awesome super fight video with Steve
Zaragoza and Jessica Nigri at an awesome
tabletop with Danny Rosenberg and
Jessica Nigri again she's everywhere
this of course today's PDS if you want
to get the shirts you know where the
annotation and links are blabbity blah I
love your faces and I'll see you
tomorrow with my new video and my new
view on how I'm going to spend my life
