top nation I hope you have an awesome
monday money wait what the oh no i've
already up stuff all right talking like
it was the pds that's how fucking my
mind is gone my mind is good you know
what if it's gonna be a pediatrician
whole today's vlog anywhere I maybe get
introspective is brought to you by
filling calm thing of course fantastic
pain which you actually use sell
services were awesome forging bones on
their 4g service potentially you could
save thousands of dollars a year like
other people from the nation have saying
is actually the thing most fans think
before when it's in reference to a
sponsor so that's always cool nature the
main point of this video is what have i
been up to well important things
definitely not playing video games for
damage we ran do this cuz then this will
turn into a 22 there we go join yeah I
was fighting with a sheep sheep just
saved our lives rest in peace sheep
hey Gigi Gigi we would have won without
sheep god bless you sheep wherever you
are god bless your sheep only knew how
much we missed you if you only realized
that you changed everything for sheep
kind only realized my good game she
because she made the ultimate sacrifice
that was weird I haven't exercised as
much which is a which is a problem i
started back up about 23 days ago and
wow you don't run for three weeks and
you're like oh yeah you know i'll just
be you know i won't be able to run my
algerie less minutes that's where i'll
be and no it's like half I didn't
realize how fast like that level of
stamina especially when you're just
working on it drops but that's the big
thing is just being able to pick it back
up where you were and go yet this is
gonna be rough it's gonna suck again
just keep moving forward and so doing
that I expect to hopefully be under 200
pounds soon there's also the exciting
news that I mentioned on today's PDS but
I think it's really the only thing that
keeps me excited anymore are the live
event said we're doing to Franco does
Ron so in September 20th include
although the links and stuff down below
I know that we also haven't talked about
we recorded the lens too but we just
haven't posted it because there is I'm
like I'm trying to think of what I can
say this is another thing that annoys me
there's a lot of stuff I'm not not even
like good stuff where it's like we're
working on a secret prod I'm just not
allowed to say I don't think that's
really lame there's a lot of lame stuff
that's happened recently i'm just kinda
it's interesting right because in this
position i'm supposed to be like the
daddy right daddy has to keep a strong
front make sure the kids you know
they're safe they're secure their happy
while having to deal with all the things
that make you personally feel anything
but that and so that's why i get excited
about the live shows because we get to
begin to have fun on stage we get to see
a beautiful place and then we get to see
and interact with people and ninety-nine
percent of the time it's awesome I find
myself lost a lot and I think it
probably that's something that was
pretty relatable in a YouTube sense I
saw ksi youtuber big FIFA guy you
probably know about him if you don't
entertaining to watch in my opinion I
saw him go on this like Twitter rant a
few weeks ago and it was like how he was
stressed out and you know it's a lot of
stuff and and people were just like take
a break just stop posting videos and he
was like you don't
understand I just can't I can't just
stop it's not like it's an addiction but
once it turns into a business if you
stop posting for like two weeks that's
an eternity any time I have stopped
posting for two to three weeks at a time
for any reason could be vacation could
be limited schedule even the small like
paternity leave of you like you drop in
views and it really has a negative
impact on your future so if you want
this to be your career you eventually
hit a point of like you're just you're
just trudging through it it's not the
worst thing in the world you're not
fucking a mine guy a mine guy Jesus
that's how relatable fail is he he
refers to minors as mine people mine
guys oh no let's think of the things to
catch up on baby trey is doing well he's
coming up on four months and the doctors
said that we can start trying to
introduce solid food soon so I can't
wait till I see his face when he like
actually taste something that doesn't
taste like breast milk and with him
being larger he's sleeping through the
nights a lot better so that's been
fantastic Lindsay filmed or episode of
say yes to the dress but I can't say
anything more than that except i am a
little torn because I think that the
episode might air before the actual
wedding so even if I don't try and watch
the episode there there is going to be
one asshole that like post the picture
of the dress and like a knack reply or
something to me and I'm gonna end up
seeing the dress before the wedding even
though I'm not superstitious but I kind
of want to like be surprised so my just
have to kind of like throw that to the
side and and just watch the episode and
enjoy it and just know what she'll be
wearing it also be different cuz lindsay
has like she is I'm very impressed she's
been going to the gym a lot she's like
pretty much back to pre baby that's also
one of the reasons that I've been
continuing to try and take care of
myself and keep running even though like
I have less and less time but I just
have to try and make a little bit of
time because I'm I if she's doing it and
she's taking care of a baby all day
while I'm at work I have no excuse so
relationship and health stuff good as
far as work ah there's stuff this is the
one negative thing right the one really
thing about what I'm doing and what my
position is and everything I can't talk
about a lot of stuff and like because
there are like Oh secret projects and
stuff but there's also a lot of fucking
stupid negative bullshit like just
old-school Hollywood ego blah blah
bullshit I just hate it I hate it's a
one negative thing about this industry
becoming legitimate it's just a lot of
the fuckin old school worse things about
TV and movies come into it and also
there's a lot of just human stuff of
just like okay okay everything you
didn't take everything for granted
you're gonna be an asshole okay
fantastic so I mean there's there's
always is that stuff I don't know I I
think it's one of the reasons why I'm
excited about DeFranco deseronto I
talked about that and the the PDS today
because it's like oh I have to actually
meet people in person and these these
are these are people that have like I've
been having a conversation with for like
12 seven years and I get to even if it's
just for a few seconds like hug them and
say hey what's up and take a picture and
there's some sort of human connection in
this stupid number counting bullshit
system that we see it's just it's hard
it's so hard to be like a part of the
system and just fucking I hate the
system it's it's so it's so so weird and
just stuff I don't talk about because no
one including myself like to hear a
youtuber complain about anything because
it comes off as whining and that's what
I would also consider it if it wasn't
something I was trying to actively fix
at the same time so I mean I think
that's the thing is if things in your
life frustrate you just blurt them out
do you don't have to post it on the
Internet to a camera just blurt it out
write it down look at it understand it
and figure out how you're gonna beat it
up so anyway that's anyway I don't know
what the hell I'm saying and that's that
the next manga d that will definitely be
here isn't be wednesday i'm going to do
a Q&A video so if you have questions to
ask / whatever you can throw in the
comments down below i'll ask on Twitter
and Facebook okay I'm gonna go back to
really fun meetings I show me the
meetings the meetings are fun that's
what they tell me at least
