he's up vlogging at top peoples it is
Wednesday which means it's what's up
Wednesday which means you ask me
questions on Twitter Facebook YouTube
other things and stuff and I'll answer
them as best as I can and also I'm doing
it today with no gel in my hair because
I'm filming it right before the PDS stop
Before we jump into everything I want to
thank the sponsor of today's Q&A audible
podcast.com he's somehow not aware by
now audible.com of course where you can
get digital audio book download ever
were a hundred thousand titles I'm
currently listening to Maze Runner which
I have a feeling is either going to
confuse me and/or make me sad if you
want to join me on that adventure or
listen to a different audiobook use are
you our own you sign up you get one free
that's that let's jump into the first
question why did you choose do a news
channel instead of the normal gaming
YouTube channels you see I chose doing
news because it's something I honestly
cared about and I kept doing news
because it was something that constantly
updated instead of just having to just
sit in a room and think like what do I
want to do and just like come up with
something from nothing I get to react to
the news and there's there's constantly
news coming in sometimes there there are
lols also it should be noted that even
though it's not around
we had a video game channel that like I
think the videos were getting 200 to 400
50,000 views per video I was like
totally awesome it was kind of this list
learning experience that would then lead
me later on to launch SourceFed but I
just didn't have the time to continue
doing it just by myself or the money to
pay other people to be a big part of Jay
asked you know becoming a father equals
making tough choices for your son what
would be your plan if one day you and
linds break up and this is something
Lindsay and I have actually talked about
not because we're anywhere near wanting
to ever break up but because we both
came from families that had divorces I
came from one where the parents just
hated each other and she came from one
where they work together they they made
sure things were as good as possible
between them too too for her to have a
good experience and she I would say had
to be a better upbringing that way so no
matter what our feelings
putting aside like some one of us starts
taking massive amounts of crazy drugs
and that person just changes will be
good trey is our joint love project
Maria asked how does it feel to have the
cutest baby ever ah shucks III think
he's cute but all parents think their
own baby is cute but I'm glad people
also enjoy him part of me also hopes
he's not always cute he needs at least
one awkward
so we know is that like sometimes people
will just not always love him for no
reason I will be there for him to take
as many embarrassing photos as possible
so I can remind him when he's once again
adorable in the future
Elsa ass is it hard being a new dad and
working at the same time well Elsa
that's a that's a hard one because I've
been on paternity leave so I've had
Thursdays and Fridays off so I've only
really been working three days a week
since Trey was born because I want to be
at home more about my paternity leave
ends this week and as of next week I'm
here full-time again and I would say
that the hard part of it is more
emotional I think I don't like that you
know I head into work early and then I
hop back and I get to see him for like
two hours and most of that is is like
fussy right before bedtime so that's
something that I'm just gonna have to
figure out how I don't want that to be I
want to I want to see him more so that's
a concern of mine because I'm a very big
advocate of not being a person that that
exchanges their their life they're fun
they're there they're growing time for
money because usually after doing all of
that you wish that you could kind of
trade it the other way around so it
hasn't been bad yet because I've been
home more than I've been at work but
it's gonna be that's gonna be the thing
I'm nervous about grandmas where do you
see yourself in five years with a
relation to SourceFed in the Philly D
show I think you've probably noticed the
past few months with SourceFed I've
backed away more and more not being on
table talks trying to make sure that
anything I do is on my channels just
just so that it's like that property's
not necessary for me to be there and
that's actually as a creator as someone
that tries to bring those things
together that's the win right that's the
huge win to launch a channel and
eventually not be needed so with
SourceFed probably not much on my
channel who knows where we're still
we're launching new channels I don't
like to sometimes say what I'm connected
to cuz I like to see if they can just
thrive on the row for the stuff I do
talk about you'll be seeing more and
more and more of those Seth asks do you
get nervous during your live events and
if so how do you calm yourself down I do
get a little nervous not as nervous as I
used to and I don't like to calm myself
down something that's kind of a secret I
guess if you're not on my team is during
the opening acts and
and during everyone coming in I'm doing
like wind sprints and push-ups and
jumping jacks all behind like what
usually there's like a giant screen that
no one can see behind just to like keep
myself amped up because we're about to
do a two-hour show we're like our brains
need to be firing off so being in front
of a nation doesn't really make me
nervous I would I would be more
terrified in front of a group of like 30
people that don't know me then then
2,000 people that watch the show I guess
it comes down to like there's there's a
relationship I mean it's the number one
thing when I when I meet someone it's
like oh it's is it weird for you to like
I know everything about you but like you
don't know it's not it's not weird I
know that because of that you you have
my back almost in every show I like
offend the audience but it's okay I told
Vancouver during the first show go fuck
yourselves because they were there like
once someone in the crowd was like
talking shit about hockey cuz you know
the the Olympics it just happened and
they boo and then they laugh and then
we're good it's like it's like a
friendship and the final question do you
have any youtubers that you look up to
yes there there are a bunch I greatly
respect both for business and creative
reasons rhett and Link are fantastic
with their good mythical morning I am
amazed by jacksgap those are some very
very young smart and also luckily for
them attractive men I would say the fine
bros are fantastic and the person the
people that are always at the peak for
me the vlogbrothers these these guys
that they're very much real they're very
very very smart they're very very very
creative and their ideals are very in
line with mine
90% of the time and I greatly greatly
greatly respect them even if I do get
nervous trying to convey that because
I'm worried that I'm using stupid people
words and that they're gonna be like it
fills a stupid guy a nation on that note
I passed that question on to you what
youtubers out there do you look up to
mine obviously the somewhat creative
very business community oriented I'd
love to know who yours are and why in
the comments down below also be sure to
check out today's PDS if you have not
yet go to FHP we got five new designs
that's it I'm gonna go put some gel in
this hair and hopefully get a haircut in
the next few days and I will see you
soon
