Nation welcome to the Wednesday Q&A
video where I answer the questions
you've sent me on Twitter and Facebook
throughout the week I didn't do one last
week because blah blah excuses busy busy
tired i'm making this right before i get
onto a train for san diego comic-con
before we get started I want to thank
the sponsor of today's QA audible
podcast.com slash Philly be audible com
of course fantastic place to get digital
audiobooks spoken word entertainment
we're 100,000 titles to choose from just
listen to stuff anywhere i'm personally
snagging Fight Club and choke because I
have a train ride to San Diego so I was
like yeah fight club 2 is being written
I want to go back and experience it all
over again I'm actually giving you that
recommendation cuz when you use our URL
you get a free download so there is that
awesome and let's jump into the first
question of the day Larry fried says
have you ever watched last week tonight
with John Oliver if so you like it if
not do Larry this is the most offensive
way for me to find out that you do not
watch the philip defranco show pretty
much every week on the philip defranco
show i promote john oliver because
they're awesome and they're smart enough
to put their content on youtube so more
people can see it vice news also has a
fantastic channel and then I really
don't think I respect any of the other
news people is that wrong to say yeah or
I'm just not aware of them Benjamin
savante says what was your favorite
World Cup moment even though team USA
boss Howard being a bamf and blocking
everything except for the goals
eliminated team USA it's the reason why
even though I have a better goalkeeper
and fifa ultimate team Howard is my man
friend buck says who's the funniest cast
member at SourceFed well I actually I do
i do have I do I imagine you have to
have it with kids too i do have a favor
love them all like varying levels for
different reasons but as far as who's
funniest i'm gonna say i'll tell you in
four years so learn my stress will you
ever allow your son to get a degree in
liberal arts whatever the kid wants to
do as long as he is passionate about it
i'm gonna try and support i'm gonna try
and keep his head in the real world i'll
give him advice based off of my
experiences in my opinions but i'm not
gonna try and push a round peg through a
square hole Lord asks how much weight
have you lost well most recently I was
230 pounds as of today I weighed myself
this morning I was 203 I've been kicking
myself in the ass because I have not
been running as much just because I've
been traveling and then overwhelmed with
a few things but I am kicking off
running again in fantastic fashion
because that's
diego comic-con they have this Walking
Dead event that we did last year where
you let you run through this this maze
of zombies I'm bringing my running shoes
because I'm excited to be a smaller and
hopefully faster target Tim Z ass hey
buddy what's the next big purchase in
your life ah probably a car of some sort
I love my Dodge Challenger right now
it's a beautiful beautiful beasts but I
need something that's four doors so that
i can put trey in the backseat because
it's kind of impossible with my car
right now i could go to a charger which
is four door i gonna get the exact same
engine i have or I was also thinking
maybe getting a tesla model s cuz those
are sexy sexy they're so frakkin
expensive and even though it would not
like kill me to get it it's like i could
also get a Nissan Leaf but then I would
be driving a Nissan Leaf but there's
nothing wrong with it's so weird it's
such it's such a stupid thing as a guy
that I'm like I'm like what does my car
say about it says that i need to get
from one place to the other but i also
want to feel comfortable in like a king
inside of it just because it's LA and
we're stuck in traffic so much tobei s
are you enjoying the destiny beta yes
I've loved it so far I'm glad that it's
back today and doing a live stream well
I've done a live stream by the time that
you've seen this video because they they
just got it on xbox one but on the ps4
which i think is the system that I'm
going to get it for and play it on the
most just so fun have been so much
exploring farming for equipment actually
pretty fun going into crucible matches
but specifically iron banner where the
equipment that you've gotten through all
your questing actually matters obviously
with us being the beta we don't have any
experience with a high end rating and
overall I love it so far i was on the
bungee forums the other day and I was
just having to laugh because bungee has
to probably be so annoyed there were so
many complaints that maybe the game's
gonna be really small and I was like
this is a fucking beta no one knows the
actual size of the real game there's
been speculation and it's a lot of
stuffs based off of Bungie employees
comments that that each planet is the
size of Halo Reach enjoy the beta and
then wait for the reviews of the game to
come out and supply in Hobson ass what's
the worst booze you've ever had there's
some liquor that I don't like to drink
anymore the first is that bacardi 151 it
was the first liquor I ever drank and I
drank a lot of air at bay coconut was
the second one that I ever had and my
buddy would always get shit tons of it
but it's so sweet and I get nauseous
just thinking about it I think finally
yeah I can
dude like the sweet stuff I'm just like
why I'm drinking liquor why even toy
around just get vodka give me a mixer if
I even need one we're just gonna be some
ice in a line let's get this thing
started and kelly thompson ask what is
one piece of advice that you'll receive
that you will pass down to trade i think
it would just ultimately come down to
several parents just saying get him
started in doing stuff really early on i
didn't know i did not personally have
that experience and and I feel like a
lot of the time that I got to where I am
today in spite of what people told me in
spite of what my parents did and I still
always get a little annoyed when they
get to try and like take credit for the
things that I've accomplished I don't
talk about it a lot but I kind of
resented my dad for a little bit because
he kicked me out of his house because i
was going for this whole YouTube thing
and I granted I was lying to him about
going to college but it was because I
knew that he didn't support my dream
which it only took me like a month to
realize he did not support it because he
was scared for me and that's not to
speak ill of my father I love my dad
more than anything in this world I think
that it's just it'sit's if anything it's
made it it to the point where I don't
know you know where the tough love
starts and stops but it's something as a
parent that I will figure out hopefully
and not just yet ruin my child forever
but on that note I'm gonna end today's
Q&A and the light just turned off so
I've been in here way too long main
point I love your faces if you've not
checked out today's Phil DeFranco show
do that and maybe I'll see you in San
Diego of your head there
