supination um it is the weekend right
now and something that I've been
thinking about since I saw the movie
chef which if you haven't seen watch it
there's like this definitive scene and
these bloopers afterwards where Jon
Favreau makes a grilled cheese and in
the bloopers he's being shown how to
make an expert grilled cheese but
grilled cheese is one of those fantastic
things because anyone can make it and
it's delicious and it's not good for you
but like most things in life that is why
it is delicious
because the only grilled cheese I ever
had growing up was you know you got that
white bread
you got your craft single I want to try
and do some different stuff so just for
fun because we don't really have much do
today except I'm gonna go run again and
I figure that's a that's our that's kind
of an opening to give yourself some
extra calories I'm gonna make some
different stuff and I'm gonna take you
along the way and we're gonna experience
failure and/or success together make a
Philly cheese you need to shred a
zaragoza of sharp cheddar a Newton of
Swiss Gruyere you need a double bun of
that toast throw it on get it golden
brown tease it put it together and enjoy
it makes me want to be high and then I
think the next one on me they're gonna
be just the old-school white bread some
Kraft singles see what's up it won't get
no mofo home I'm I'm gonna go make some
more deliciousness I'm glad you like it
are you saying just for the camera but
half a stick of butter into anything
it'll taste like shit
so sourdough Gruyere and sharp cheddar
was good so this next one I'm gonna go
like classic like mom used to make only
butter on one side they're on to Kraft
singles and just cut it and eat it and I
want to see what that tastes like
because I think you know sometimes we
were a math rant romanticized and like
become nostalgic about food so I want to
see the taste difference and then the
last one that's gonna be a that's gonna
be the over-the-top stupid one so we're
using two and a half of Kraft singles we
got we got this all golden brown
beautiful I'm throwing on some of the
extra from the first one so that we can
have like a nice crispy outside so let's
do that we take that I put it right on
there there we go
because we're working those edges where
you get that nice little tiny a little
bit of overflow I know that I said I was
gonna make a classic but I like I like
good food so we're gonna kind of just go
with it so number two is done we got
nice cheese to the edges a little crust
just to see if it adds to flavor and
under Lindsay waiting over there it's
pretty much even right I feel like
tasting this one made me realize how
much I like the eye
so we're abandoning both white bread and
Kraft singles and we're gonna go back to
a sharp cheddar witch won't grate and
then we just have gotten some pecorino
romano la Ola
la la I don't know yeah I figure that's
how my grandpa might say it but it's got
a nice little different taste
it's uh I think I'll be close to the
Gruyere but maybe a little tastier and
we're gonna go sourdough again is that
that was good solid so yeah so we're
gonna do that that's gonna be the last
one other breads you can use you can use
rye I've heard really good things about
cinnamon raisin which is like it's a
weird sounding thing but it could be
really good I think that's the next one
I want to try and I think start mixing
some stuff like obviously everyone knows
you can put bacon in these it'll taste
good if I want to see little things like
tomato I think that it ceases to be a
grilled cheese sandwich when I see some
things and it's like put a hamburger and
I'm like that's just a sandwich that's a
hamburger that's what that is Lindsay do
you agree with me are you sure I'm gonna
say burger cuz I I hate you oh my god
you do the honors this time alright take
your first bite this is the last one you
get and then we all have heart attacks
so would you would you rate this the
worst out of the three no no is this
number two so we opened up strong now I
see the bread solid yeah cheese is okay
pecorino doesn't really melt yeah we
found the winner today so if you have a
family tip or anything because I found
that everyone is oddly vocal about
grilled cheese I tweeted one picture and
people like you got you got put a hole
in it you put some fried egg in the
center and fried egg on any fried egg on
a burger is solid Friday get away from
me I'm done but as I would say is there
anything different that you do because
there I saw like 25 different potential
grilled cheeses I could make I kind of
want to do it but at the same time I
don't want to eat those because I'll
just be I'll go back to my old wait
