nation I hope you having a good day I
wanted to make today around the office
pretty good it's summer we're inside a
little more than we want to be and I
since I can't bring the beach to the
office I thought let's have a barbecue
so I think barbecue I think happy face
happy stomach happy time I love it and
make it possible and extra delicious our
buddies over Kingsford Charcoal hooked
us up and we uh we went outside and then
I also decided off the top of my head
instead of me just asking people about
their favorite summertime memories it's
add to the happy time memories and throw
will into a freezing-cold kiddie pool
barbecues are everywhere I have not been
invited to one yet but I'm waiting today
I'm gonna find out what are some of the
favorite summer experiences of our
employees here at DeFranco I need to
know I leave her men hello I'm over here
I'm over here you have any wonderful
summer experiences you'd like to share
well I have many summer experiences I
would like to share oh yeah that was an
amazing trick my favorite summer
experience at summer camp
oh really what happened I met my first
girlfriend there my first kiss
no way Oh boats boats anything with
boats so you tell me if I get a boat
like that'll step up my lady game hi
hello ma'am
this is my boat and I'm very hungry
right now I know they don't let you out
of that pool huh you haven't given me a
single hamburger yeah that's cuz they're
afraid of getting chunks in that pool
I'd give you something but I was I was
told not to let you you can spare a
sesame see could you not
burgers drew if I can just have just if
you could just this little bit of cheese
hanging off the back if you could just
like look you're right here yeah yeah
best part mmm swimming was probably one
of my favorites arm oh really
I do you have any fun swimming stories
no
you want to ask me fucking questions Oh
son would you share with a good kind
friend yeah just put that oh I will find
it can you tell me why they're the
condiments are on the side so I can dip
it
I eat everything with my hands cuz I'm a
disgusting human being but but Phil did
you wash him face is the question I
could not find it
Phil what is your favorite summer
experience I need to know reading them I
need to know ideally because I want to
have a fun time I've never done anything
like that before
oh you're dirty bastard slap the kid in
the face with a dead fish um because he
wouldn't let us play as in 64
he's trifling you need it he was
straight trifling I would say go to the
beach
boogie board and then just laying out
and and dying for two hours second oh
God okay there's another there's a
windstorm going on right now
interrupting filming you man
I heard you're really hungry oh yeah I
brought some food man Oh 400 it doesn't
add that is not actual food Oh can I
just have an onion if you could just
move it on you're right try a keep onion
I just want to go a long way I come one
time at summer camp it was a nature camp
we got to feed these snapping turtles
hot dogs and then I let these girls put
makeup all over me that that tomatoes
get it looks awfully dry let me take
that on me it's not it's really moist
no no no I like right I swear I saw a
bumblebee on it just ten seconds ago and
they carry pollen I know you're allergic
to that long uploads from summertime
things learn fast yeah
catching tadpoles alright keep it real
keep it real fireflies uh-huh one more
thing scraped up needs something people
don't know about shotgunning beers
that's what I'm saying
Turtles intonation I want to pass that
off to you what is your favorite thing
about summertime and what is your
favorite summertime memories I really
love summer I think of when I back when
I was in high school and I was in I was
in college and it was like this time of
just like free reign anything could
happen good times something to think
about
also thanks again to our buddies over
Kingsford Charcoal that said I realize
that sometimes I squint for no reason I
love your faces and I'll see you next
time
