so I play boy sup sup playboy tre decide
to a soup while we're having our day out
and uh Danny says I probably can't get a
ticket for a baby ball baby ball being
exposed in public I mean I'm hoping not
for a baby he's got pretty big balls
it's crazy
oh no you just know it now we have to
put this video on lively we can't on
YouTube fight ninjas oh noes oh no way
that face oh I bet everyone's like oh
whoa okay there's different most newly
figured out
out of the bed you wanna you want
another try Boston you want another try
real quick
Oh - I think you're right mom's a little
heavy 3 4 5 6 PQ salad Oh new champion
yeah 7 just keep in mind this is not
during a break hey sexy mama thank you
baby
hey video it's so crazy how chilli gets
in the water I was just like relax tiga
he's just like what's happening this is
weird
hey hey Dad
so oh yeah I don't forgive a belittling
earlier Oh
he's like no only one big thing at a
time daddy look at my little tushy
I like how calming its though it's
awesome but oh no way I feel like if we
had something that just kept like his
arms his neck and his head above water
he could just like chill and fall asleep
in the pool like jacket no no I think it
flows went on that some kind of
flotation device you know what it B is a
flotation device it goes around his neck
oh not a fan of that he's like yeah
that's what I want with that robot oh
you think so oh yeah one was yeah no
wait hey I know that I need food but
wait wait wait
no what is it Trey tell me the secrets
yeah you got this little comb-over going
mamas are you I can't tell if you're
doing karate or gonna poop yeah ah what
is it
Oh karate and more a date he's like I'm
over you i watch the watch then I put
styrofoam cups of wet paper towels over
ear till you take off to make it so that
he doesn't put styrofoam cups what paper
towels and then over its ears and we
take off I'm just a stick to the
breastfeeding I didn't want to do that
you want you want look like a crazy
homeless wizard we're really trying
if anyone if anyone gives you shit for
for breastfeeding and we're gonna cover
you I will punch them in the face you
don't think anyone I honestly don't I
was just saying I'm scared I don't think
anyone's gonna give you the recipe I
will I will
but if he does fry yeah don't worry
buddy we'll show him your comb-over
we'll be like you know he's had a hard
day at work
he's an accounting you hey let's uh
there's on your sketch series baby
accountant
these figures are wrong you can't buy
jet skis father you need to put more
money into the boobies less money into
the mother babies you never listen I
have a plan though if you're open to it
okay come on let's let's get to Daddy
bumps whoa racist racist
I apologized all right
oh whoa now we have to apologize to both
Mexican and black babies you're the
worst no I'm turning the camera off
before you you full-on you can't full-on
do this
Asians that's rude that's rude
he's doing a full on sterling he's doing
a full on sterling you can't own the
Clippers anymore
