this is us delivery from us how you
directly we just walk to your address
yeah we're delivering pipes some of this
bill what we gonna do Phil is this is
this the video that's right after the
one that ends I'm gonna drive my family
three miles closer to the Meijer and we
go take my family two miles closer to
the fire and then boom incidentally I
wake up I find out there's a new fire
there were actually three miles away
from the office yeah I think some
fucking kids did it Phil I mean maybe or
maybe it's like one of those fucking uh
like one of those commercial someone
flicks a cigarette yeah I'll blame
smokers disgusting smoke no it's
disgusting
what's the plan what's the plan if like
it gets bad and we have to evacuate it
wouldn't end up in the back uation zone
we're gonna get the fuck out we almost
are this isn't it right over here it's a
little fucking bit away hold on let me
show you something yeah let me show you
this picture I took now look at this mat
bill what's that look like it looks like
um let's see how this works I'm on
script well we're all gonna die that's
what just happened so I just realized
all this I've never experienced
something like this before did you pack
you know I did I packed they're just a
few my laptop's I packed my roommates
stuff that you wanted me she's in New
York right now and I got a dog at home
still not losing any data taxes to pack
your taxes we all feeling I think once
we put out everybody's getting their
McDonald's breakfast how you guys feel
about that sounds brick I have not had
McDonald's in like ten years and I'm
honestly a little afraid to eat this I'm
amazed that Brianna is putting grape
jelly on a sausage biscuit that is an
abomination it's not what my friend told
me to do it what oh and like now that's
just how I
from dick Joe just look so cute today oh
you look so nice like one of my favorite
people here oh that's so sweet you're
kind of radiated oh thanks glad they're
not motivated by like you know comments
and videos and stuff like that what
about Zach we should compliment deck -
really great
yeah so what are you working on today we
have sir the golden ticket these are for
the golden ticket giveaway so if you
find this in your poster that means that
you have won a free t-shirt or a free
hoodie from Shaq Franco that's a really
cool idea right you really want go right
Zack
no they're blank and I was gonna have
you and Phil write golden TV giveaway on
them oh cool and then we were gonna put
them and the poster tubes so you can
write golden ticket you boys cuz we
already have the instructions on the
back we didn't want to let you do that
we wanted to make sure we did it for you
yes that's good okay anyway so we wanted
to help you out so we put the official
instructions on the back but it's gonna
be your job to decorate the front all
right little secret message to them yeah
as long as it's like nice things
okay do an appropriate thing so see what
you did there
alright so whatever some of these
tickets are all you mm-hmm
I have to write on these what I write on
them
whatever Hilary tells you to write on
them
okay but if she said I can write a
message on them I just have to be nice
okay cool what are you doing standing
over here modeling this is my
competition oh shit I saw people giving
you ideas online bill one day it's gonna
happen that my room woke up put like a
rubber sheet on your couch I'll still
know that it happened nobody made me
fill these out and write nice golden
ticket people yeah I love your cats I
think you are nice Joe nation nice
personal message yay Joe nation I'm
proud of you Joe nation I hope you love
merch I love your cat yeah hopefully I
have a cat or hopefully it didn't die or
is that where they also win a cat so
what you're gonna do is you're gonna put
them into any one of those poster
containers what's the feel gonna pick
all right these are the lucky winners
you want to give them a kiss or anything
don't know yeah I wanna actually kiss it
and heaven yeah you've touched this yeah
touch the lens all right fill the finger
take the five well he's gonna be
fulfilled I think oh stop with your
ideas how about you kissed the the
poster containers how about that
Hillary touch those Brona who's candy
things cleaner Hillary's are mine
actually I don't know is your ass like I
know how much you clean your hands yeah
before every meal yeah I've still
attached to you on a regular basis
though getting stuff done this is us
delivery from us how you direct Lee you
just walked to your dress
yeah we're delivering pipes stolen
tickets and some of these
where I know Nick I swear to god I'll
kill you
we gotta move all these guys we have to
move all these so why don't you help us
I'm going to this is good content right
here you guys see me was going on the
side door she's fucking alright alright
I'm doing it I don't think this is a
good idea I can't pull focus glad you
decided to help you were outside for a
second and being Joe isn't that hard Joe
your job is really easy if you focus
good audio on I'm talking okay this is a
great job Deb now I'm locked in the
hallway don't know what I'm gonna do
I'll just wait thanks Joe lose weight
give Joe a lot of footage
so I couldn't get back in here Joe you
have your job right you weren't
recording the whole time
no I shut it up it's access it actually
still recording yeah cuz I turn it back
on okay we're gonna get it filled look
like you're about to head out too well
yeah I'm gonna do the h3 podcast oh yeah
so do you like Red Bull doozy up
I just know wake up man I haven't sleep
in longer bill look at this all the
boxes are gone we so much room for
activity committees who completed all
the patreon this month I got everything
shipped out all nice and sexy just for
your good for the people the golden
tickets out too bill yes also thank you
to all you beautiful bastards I mean one
whether you watch or not or to support
that level just thank you yeah I love
you face oh yeah bill inside no Joe no I
wanna give a shout-out to ocean Omega I
think the first ever vlog producer we've
had several and one main Kyle I think
wait Hillary who's our producer on PDS
is a Kyle thank you to you beautiful
bastards but also oh shit I got it I
gotta go whoo okay it's outside oh I
hope they don't cheat you with the price
No so if you like I mean I don't want to
say how yeah because then people know
how close yeah yeah it's $50 well this
is a very far away given five stars bill
they better have water volleyball tell
me goes to process we go grab a leave it
and put it on top so the male knows
exactly where to send it give it a
fragile sticker and badda-boom it's
ready to go you shoot off to their house
that's a really complicated process I'm
glad yeah glad I'm just glad to
