so would you do a little deal so mama
knows are okay mmm yeah boy
mmm-hmm one of my boys mmm-hmm see all
the things you want say to mama
little dog man stressing me out always
it sucks at it sometimes these these
scary things that make you like take a
moment to realize how much you love
someone or something and I love that
fucking dog I love rookie rookies like
like I you know I constantly talk about
like keeping around the people that have
been with me since before I had anything
and it's what you can't say that with a
dog but that dog got me through some
some rough patches in my life I remember
yeah I just remember in my little studio
apartment Atlanta just knowing like I'm
not gonna be able to pay the lease I
bought this low I bought I bought rookie
and a parking lot of a target offers
like a craigslist post um not even sure
like how illegal anything was as far as
like the breeder and I just love this
dog loved um shouldn't have really even
had him but he got me he got me through
some stuff um and I don't know I just
got some of you remember he was like
that little black fluff ball that was
like barking it at himself in the mirror
and I don't know there's something I'll
always be a dog person I have two dogs
and I loved him so much but rookies my
boy rookie I don't know he sometimes he
makes you makes you work for a little
but then he loves you like you're the
only thing that's ever existed on a good
note they they did all this this blood
stuff he's he's fine he's not he's not
bleeding anymore he was throwing up
blood before he was like bruising we
just you know I got a little syringe I
got to make sure I give him vitamin K
every day he's he's ending his like pill
regimen and then we got to bring him in
for another blood screening but it looks
like he's gonna be completely fine and
we have no idea why we have no idea why
all the the things that he could have
possibly eaten that would cause this we
don't have in the house the only thing
like we can think of is that maybe on a
walk like someone apparently it's a very
rare thing but sometimes people just
like throw away their medication and
maybe he snagged something while we
weren't looking which is a crazy that's
a crazy thing just to think that that's
a possibility I would much rather like
to know that it was like oh it was this
it was this specific thing in our house
let's keep them away but we don't know
so we run like double duty right now
because eventually trays and be able to
crawl around so we're doing the other
thing we're like crawling around the
house seeing if there's like stuff in
the house that we haven't seen before
which is really it's like a really odd
thing to do you're crawling around on
the floor like a baby because of your
baby
at the beach sir yeah he's like I don't
know what that is but I sounds terrible
he's a gone let's be honest really as
long as there's boobies there I'm good
are there boobies yes there's boobies
let's go he sucked all the way here and
now he's like where are we why is it so
windy boots as promised yeah they're
coming that's a lot of stuff buddy let's
try it let's go hey buddy
I'm gonna take this off that yeah you're
sure
and like it
how far was that Rockstar
try and dip his feet again
do it after against the water comes
already because he was like
oh here's the water wait maybe not this
one he's sinking
Oh No
oh is it no
he's like I don't know how here we go
Oh
so bad all over the speak
he's like this is overrated
this is overrated you guys
I wasn't Trey was it traumatic did you
love it
yeah did the fruit his face I don't
think we called it his face in the first
one a man who was like well I was like
such a big change and then after that it
was like okay yeah because he's been in
the water before but we always make sure
that the pool is really hot or warm in
this Pacific Ocean water is cooled
something I've also realized is that
youryour first experiences with your
baby it's rarely ever really I think it
deep down for the baby
I think it's mainly for the parents like
I know that until Trey can actually
appreciate it I'm never bringing that
kid to Disneyland that is make any sense
there's not that actually if anything
that sounds really inconvenient like I'm
gonna take this baby who's a whole lot
to deal with
to a place bill with a shit ton of
people and other babies we can stand in
line with other people and just test to
see if the baby is cool and I think I
was taking trade to the beach was really
no different we wanted to go to the
beach we thought also I would be cool to
see how he would react to the ocean and
he reacted just like the same thing with
the pool he's like oh this is different
okay I'm okay with this but it's also
nice to know that we can actually do
that and the big test for us this week
is we're flying back to Atlanta we have
this big meat tray party of that
Lindsay's parents putting on so everyone
can come it won't be the first time my
dad and my stepmom meet Lindsay's dad
and her stepmom also I haven't seen my
dad a little bit just because baby and
work so that'll be kind of great I've
been missing them maybe on a plane it's
gonna be so interesting because those
are my least favorite people we heard it
we heard a tip that if the baby's like
breastfeeding while while you're doing
takeoff it's supposed to have the same
effect like how they tell you to chew
gum so your ears equalize so hopefully
that's a things overall it's just gonna
be really fun I'm gonna be flying back
in time to shoot the monday tuesday
wednesday philip defranco show and then
Lindsey's gonna be staying there because
that's when she's actually gonna be
shooting say yes to the dress and I know
a lot of people have been asking when it
would actually air I don't even know
they're gonna they haven't even shot it
yet they're gonna shoot it that week so
main point I don't know I love you faces
thing is good in the defranco household
and I'm gonna I'm gonna go shoot a
Philip DeFranco show for you and also if
you haven't seen we tested out a
long-form show because a lot of people
were like we missed the podcast and we
were like let's make a video version of
it so we did a small like 35 minute one
we might and the next one I want them to
be like one to two hours I like long
podcasts that you can listen to in the
car we're gonna get it set up so that
you can get the audio version blah blah
blah but that's it I love your faces I
will talk to your shoe and other links
blah blah blah bluh bluh bluh blah PPP
put papa
