you
so I'm out it's been a week since I've
run because we were gone for VidCon and
I was kind of just standing this is
gonna suck
it's gonna suck I haven't run in a week
Frank a bunch of alcohol feeling I'm so
dick detoxing ah there we go
oh man I feel good so I was worried
because I haven't I haven't run in a
week but maybe I needed to leave that
time to heal cuz I ran 18 months
straight I've never done that
ah oh man next-step run 20 minutes
straight 23 25 and make sure I can do
that 5k whoo I'm decent time yeah fuck
decent time just do it oh I'm proud of
myself
whoo I like being honest say that lately
okay let's go what what do you want
Lindsey you told me to film you know I
didn't again completely random
spontaneous totally oh my god it was
like I want to lay on you and then after
like 30 seconds he was like you're so
hot smelly oh just uh for those of you
that don't have smell-o-vision at home I
did not reviewer today lady and you ran
ah sweats in my eyes how long do you
think Stan hates ray he's been standing
for 45 seconds right no no no oh no time
at all tre use your core
hooah ninja skills wha he's bad he's bad
at sit hey Trey Trey right come on sumo
pose wha OH
I thought it was baby fighting Wow Oh
looks like you're pitching yeah hey
aren't you so glad you're getting Mama's
face in holy daddy's hair I'm pretty
pumped about that dude his neck is
getting so strong mm-hmm Thanks oh my
god your back is so sweaty I will say to
everyone at home thank you for telling
me to run and not a black shirt that was
the best thing in the world I feel like
I was in a half-sheet you okay here tell
her did you make this shirt just for
that no no I've had this one I just I've
never seen me wear a gray shirt before
hey here's the shocker I normally only
wear black shirts because I feel fat at
the time so uh those shorts look like
they're too big they are a little bit
which is which was rough because I was
like I'm gonna bring the camera and then
I had to hold it because it was like
dropping every time I'm throwing mmm cuz
it weighed so much was it for dick shot
hey Darren hey Dad I hope you enjoyed
that big shot whenever I see him like to
me since I'm around him all day some
around him all day I don't really
realize how tiny he still is like he
seems big to me but now that I'm looking
him through the camera and compete like
in comparison to your body he is still
really small are you so tiny yeah it's
okay though I'm gonna get big and strong
gonna be like six three huh once you
miss that growth spurt
Franko's we don't grow so we're like
sixteen I was like I was like five foot
one like the tall side of my family yeah
we're uh we're short Italian guys but
I'm a I'm six foot even though wikipedia
says i'm 5-8 fluckey wikipedia you
brought that up in several video i think
you know what changed it yeah actually
you know what you're 511 no yes yes no
few of you do it six foot I'm 5 11 and a
half that's something that people that
aren't six foot say yeah they use the
house well it's like when you're 5
you're 5 years old you're like I'm five
and a half yeah or a few dick is no well
that's a big difference if I push the
skin into me I'm 18 inches granted the
ruler goes through my body and out my
asshole
but I'm 18 inches and like you're
talking about this with your son in your
hand and he's like Oh dad oh yeah he's
like are you done yet no we done yet dad
Hale Angie no yeah so I'm gonna I'm
gonna set Lindsay up with a with a with
a bluetooth keyboard and a bluetooth
mouse because she is addicted
all day all the time
yeah so yeah so yeah so she has so I
hooked her up with the Big Brother live
feeds on the TV and we made a yeah we
made a wish makan we made a a public
chat room it's called the defranco
nation use go chat rooms public I don't
think I don't think that many people
probably watch it I mean we have we have
like 45 people from the nation in there
which is cool
so if you're a nerd and you like
whatever
not a sponsor just if you want to do
this with us and be chatty with other
people from the nation go to the
defranco nation chat room inside of the
live feeds eco little bit of a boo boo
boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo
boo purpose computing for people to be
able to people they visited pretty
disbelieving people
we do physically just addicted sexy lace
Excel a sexy sexy sexy lady oh oh no
are you dying only one is where it
usually comes in freeze oh hi I'll put
this camera away
don't do anything cute till it's on
again I said mmm you guys taste nothing
cute nothing cute stop it stop it
