don't jump don't damn you always do
don't jump oh no my still three two one
corner draw harm oh it is having been
here calm down now
huh is it still so exciting it's still
so exciting daddy I just love oh my god
I just don't want to do one of the
questions I kept getting a lot at VidCon
was how do people whose only is it
really just running and portion control
and yes the biggest thing for me was
learning portion control and I was lucky
that someone gifted us this thing in LA
called Paletta essentially I'm trying to
think of it if it nope it doesn't say a
food delivery services change the way
you eat change the way you did in
analyzer that like a feminine mr. Miyagi
anyway so they it's essentially a
service they deliver food and it's only
1,600 calories you can you can it
depends also what you order you can get
like a 1200 calorie one I think which
seems crazy a 1600 a 1750 for pregnant
preggos
and 2200 for people that want to work
out at the same time if you're trying to
maybe build muscle but there's ya know
there's really the whole point of it is
just to take the thought out of it and
what it has done essentially is it's
helped me learn what portions are
supposed to look like now I'm not going
to do the service forever at all because
one their breakfasts are 70% bad all the
time because it's hard to do well with
egg it's like making something and then
serving it you know
let's say ten hours later and it's
incredibly expensive so it's like okay
it helped it helped teach me a lesson
I'm gonna I'm gonna cook so I think the
first step for me here
learning what portions are really
supposed to be because I don't want it
to seem like it's a bad thing well it is
when I use this word my portions for the
most part most of my life have been
Americanized there are these fucking
giant restaurant things that you know
you any talk to pretty much any
dietician ever is like that is not for
one person that is not a thing so yeah
that's that's what I've done our our
plan or whatever I think ends in about a
week so I think I'm gonna start cooking
more breakfast I'm down eggs it's it's
hard to mess up eggs you can mess up an
omelet but even when you mess when you
mess up an omelet ah you have scrambled
eggs with cheese yeah that's not really
that big of a mess up so mass in here ah
it's Monday yeah just got back into the
office uh even though I had a day of
rest yesterday you know VidCon takes two
days I think to recover from hey buddy
will tell me time you got that yeah yeah
ah I believe in you hmm yeah trying to
eat the Matt it's so delicious isn't it
what is it how does the Sun taste
there's a Sun taste tray
hey buddy you can try and flip for me
today
you can try and roll over yeah yeah
you'll work that neck out you're doing
it man
oh that's something you don't want to do
I know sometimes you get hit in the face
sometimes you do it yourself you gotta
get over it mm-hmm you do you got it you
got it oh you got it I'll keep trying
that's all you get hey you got it yeah
yeah buddy lucky no all right let's take
a break from this time okay wash stand
like a man when you yell at me yeah yeah
this is this is so weird it's always his
most calm place yeah when he's standing
yeah he's like I'm walking I'm just
backing you daddy
except less of a dick I calm down you
think you won't 84 lie on your back
again mmm you need a little more time
maybe that was that was so scary it was
so scary Trey Trey Trey
she's sleeping Oh little man he's sad
because the boys we just brought him
back this and the first thing they did
was jump on Lindsay and knock him off
the boobie I know I know
if boobies aren't safe what is safe he's
like don't mock me you asshole is it
your heart asshole
he's like I'm glad I'm getting my point
across yeah buddy
oh here you sleepy sleepy man got a nice
little comb-over today
should we tell everyone that it's
actually a wig
