pursue nation it is monday I'm taking a
little breather from shooting the philip
defranco show 22 to do boobity boobity
boo la gatita speak filia you almost do
I just skip works cuz why let grammar
get in the way of points Philip DeFranco
2014 then he killed himself this is also
a terrible example of a quote dot dot
dot for real though quote Philip
DeFranco 2014 but I'm just coming back
from from VidCon hiya actually left on
Sunday I don't do the the Disney day
because the idea of hey you know what's
usually busy Disney why don't we add
18,000 people that doesn't sound super
appealing to me so yeah we got home and
we just kind of just laid there I got a
I got a night of sleep but it VidCon
always takes at least like two days to
recover from because it's like several
days of three hours of sleep all day
doing stuff three out but it's so fun I
was on a bunch of panels one that I'm
going to show a clip from when I and
that's actually want to take a moment to
thank everyone that came to the QA for
myself for SourceFed for coming to the
to the big panels for coming to the the
meet-and-greet also a big thanks to the
volunteers that helped us run easily one
of the largest and smoothly more
importantly smoothly run games of ninja
we'll be putting out a video like we do
every year of the big ninja tournament
we did something different this year as
well which was fun I want to talk a
little about you too but before I do
that I also want to thank the sponsor of
today's vlog to be Dollar Shave Club
calm / fail ed only a sponsor but a
service of saving money and really my
patience and time because I don't have
to go to the store and constantly get
new razor blades since they're delivered
in my house on the cheap they also have
several different butt wipes they also
and I never mentioned this on the show
because I don't know I feel like it's
more of Steve's thing see if you've ever
watched like Table Talk Steve will not
stop talk they have butt wipes he won't
stop talking about it and they don't
even really like ask him to he just
loves them that much I feel like I don't
have lots of things I won't talk about
but maybe the line is at its drawn right
before butthole I said it last video and
i think when i was talking to them like
more and more and more ladies or join
the server side anyway it's an awesome
service i recommend you check it out
and that said I wanted to talk about
some big changes coming to youtube that
I want to preface with a little clip
from a big panel i was on called the
future of online video which is so big
but i always up there and someone that I
I admired we both had different opinions
say Frank was very of the mindset that
communities around personalities are not
the future they don't matter and I'm
very much healthy the other side I think
we both come from those places because
our current jobs are those things that
we think is the future so I suggest at
all things first is that I don't know
better this this notion of audience is
it self sustainable so in looking at a
few different folks and you kind of
drill down into numbers up to sixty
seventy percent of the views on most
channels do not come from subscribers
right so there's there's there is does
seem to be this this inherent problem of
thinking about audiences driving itself
and i think i think i would love to see
though the i guess the size
show that it's not coming from
Australia's most everything in verse for
that it's all all based on some thoughts
which i think thats a conversation of
those what to watch and subscription to
be another click and they're being so
mean equates to be actual page and so
many different ways to subscribe on any
if we be called out across any their
social media because i didn't think i
think
is it for obviously there there's a big
bag of people sherry and the young
standing there
at least for myself I had the same core
audience for the past few years I'm you
slowly he was wrong and ultimately I
found that to be a good thing I admire
them I think they Frank so smart and I
think in a place where we're constantly
changing things and new things are
happening it is good to have different
opinions of where stuff is going so
everyone tries it out and yet the best
version of hopefully hopefully of what
that thing is luckily even though
YouTube has actually said pretty much
the same thing as they that
subscriptions don't matter i'm hoping
they said that in a public setting and
not a place where i signed an NDA is of
course having been in the past a lot of
their changes that they're talking about
this year that they are putting into
place and beta testing now and that
you'll hopefully see rolled out very
good things in general the first one
maybe not community related but also
very community related because it
revolves around video games and that as
youtube will be allowing 48 and 60 frame
per second video something not that
important if you're watching one of
these videos in fact that can be a
little bit jarring but very important
for video game gameplay it is one of the
largest communities here on YouTube I
think this is fantastic because the
difference is actually huge I started
streaming my 60 frames-per-second games
on twitch at 60 frames per second and
it's so fluid it's a closer experience
to the real thing they also launched nap
called YouTube creator studio now on
android coming to iOS soon allow you to
respond to comments cleaner get
notification see your stats are now more
licensed songs and sound effects the
creator's can use in the audio library
but most importantly and these things
really really do revolve around
community and that's why I loved it so
much because YouTube saw maybe I think a
place where they had been week and we're
not growing so they were like let's just
connect to stronger things and the first
bit is a real focus on funding with the
integration of tip jar a way that people
can actually just give money to the
creators that they support at any time
for whatever reason that's something i
could see pretty much any tuber taking
advantage of but i think more
importantly the small guys the guys that
are not big enough to to get these
sponsorships or the brand deals and
people want to support them that is so
so important and vital for for small
creators then very awesomely it seems
youtube understood that you know people
need crowdfunding they sell merchandise
how do people do it they usually do it
with annotations so YouTube saw the
weakness that annotations
show up on phone they created a new
thing called cards which you can see
here it starts out as a long annotation
then it turns into something small that
does not take you away from the content
you then click it it brings you to a
very fancy card all of a sudden boom
you're on for human people's calm where
you're on Kickstarter for some channel
that you love maybe the making a movie
and they want you to support it and if
you're on your phone or tablet and
you're using the YouTube app that
annotation shows up there which is huge
because like fifty to fifty-five percent
of people watch on mobile these days in
a last bit which is once again very
community-oriented it's in beta right
now I'm trying to get into it eventually
it is expected to go public but people
will be able to make subtitles for the
creator's that they like an example of
how awesome this is something I get a
lot a lot of people in Mexico say i
watch your show I love it some of my
friends don't speak English so they
can't really watch it is their way you
get subtitles I see this in a lot of
countries and where else other than a
community would someone dedicate that
much time they they loved the content
it's that much of a part of their life
that they think people in my country
need to know about this too or you know
really more importantly so that
regardless of language people that are
hearing impaired can take part in these
videos I'm so excited for stuff like
that like when this happens not only do
I hope people submit I want to pin
people out for doing it because you're
you're a part of this thing and it's
awesome and it's only possible with a
community
