welcome back to the vlogging my name is
Sam batcher and I'm here to talk about
VidCon 2014 come along I wanted to go
around the office and get everybody's
opinion about this upcoming VidCon what
they're most excited about who they want
to meet what they want to do who they
want to do wink let's go find out what
are you most excited for for VidCon 2014
usually it's the signings because you
get to meet people but I heard that it's
gonna be massive so we probably won't
have as much time as we normally get
with people yeah uh so probably like the
the Q&A is what uh what about like
parties or any youtubers you wanna meet
parties are weird
the boys are super weird but it's also
it's it's really exciting to see like
the the new guys coming up and seeing
like who's actually let it all go to
their head and who hasn't
um but also it will also be interesting
because this is the first VidCon after
all that that crazy crazy drama came out
about tubers banging fans right and so
on but it'll be very interesting to see
like how people are possibly different
and I like look at your face aside now I
heard the drawing board house might be
there really although I've heard he's
let fame go to his head yeah change now
has changed no no
all you fucking vlogging two dudes are
so weird up there stop it he's still
saying no random will what are you a
most excited for for this year's VidCon
I'm excited for ninja I would say that I
was excited to play ninja but last time
I played ninja bad things happened like
what role is left
I'm really hoping that uh my dad's there
oh I haven't seen him since he went to
get cigarettes ten years oh not funny
anymore hard this is not like a real
quote from you which one is it one time
one time oh what a real quote from will
and what today on this trip I'm really
excited to meet Philip DeFranco how the
first look at Frank Oh will be that way
Phil DeFranco will be that way all year
this is the fourth year that I organized
the ninja thing every year and we're
doing early registration this time this
is that's not like six hundred kids in
my face we've already got 490 lined up
um a head of time so um yeah I'm excited
Saturday night is in a minute that's
done that's the weekends done and then I
drank a lot weird people on YouTube
doing weird YouTube things who knows
most of my expectations also crazy fans
I expect seas and seas of crazy fans a
lot of seas and like all these like oh
ya know like especially especially like
where is it where's my favorite there's
like one guy that's real weird that I
just always love to look all I know
where it is I know exactly where he is
I didn't think you'd get any cooler one
but here you are
hey Owen can you tell our viewing
audience how to be cool either you got
it or you don't guarantee you have stage
fright legit I'm so fuckin scared right
now you know your old career is riding
on this right
Oh entire career Oh whale attack I
killed my own oh it's gonna be like
pretty cool performing on the main stage
this is I've seen a lot of performances
they're like actually getting to perform
up there on the stage of so many
fantastic musicians have performed on
Elvis The Beatles say Frank
someday let's say that I was on that
stage someday say that well probably my
mom me so she sounds good let's hide
picture no she's like she's American
Mexican Americans so she sounds like
good mean fucking racism around here oh
well cool for this year's VidCon um to
get to say hi to everyone and it's fun
to get to email to get to see grace
Helbig and you know it's like a Juggalo
gap yeah but probably creepier think
about it it's probably creepier it's
good times it's where all this youtubers
get to come together for 3 to 4 days
learn from one another visit with our
fans which is something that doesn't
happen very often we get to realize that
those numbers are represented by actual
people it's a good reminder of why we do
this and it's also a little bit of a
shot of adrenaline and excitement to
keep us going in this world because we
realize all the possibilities and also
we all get to take a turn and go into
Sam every year every year everyone in
sorts but it has had a little bit of Sam
can I'm rooming with them this year oh
you're gonna get so much Sam game oh man
but here's the thing I'm gonna with my
whistle on them boy but you're also like
you're sharing the sand King so that's a
little hard max you're gonna fall in
love with sideline room one
and your emotional connection is going
to grow and it's going to flourish but
then it's going to fall apart because
I'm gonna come into the room about 1:00
in the morning and I'm gonna have all of
this yeah Sam candy that's why we go to
VidCon bag this stuff up sell it on the
Internet
block stuff out box top yeah you BAE
that ass you know Oh excited to get away
from me yelling alone mm-hmm just get
into somewhere yelling but I did put
yelling you know he's mainly excited
about that dr. tunnel are you talking
about Harry I like meeting them and
hugging on them and you know saying hi
right here that's always really cool you
know I mean you know mm-hmm I'm gonna go
move out of it Wakanda is one of those
things that like kind of keeps you going
cuz every day you look here at 5:00 a.m.
and the monotony gets excruciating some
days because you're looking at horrible
news stories and didn't well it's pretty
awful place hmm so it's really nice when
you actually get to see people and know
they enjoy you and they like you and you
then join like them back
oh sweet yeah any parting words
