nation eat is Wednesday I am currently
finishing the PDS I'm finishing packing
because I'm going to VidCon tonight and
then we'll be there until Sunday morning
and word stuff today is Wednesday it's
time to do our Q&A video that I missed
last week so I'm gonna try and do this
one packet with as many answers as
possibly even though this is gonna have
to go fast Haley on Twitter says will
you buy me a camel no Kelly that's a
stupid fucking question you should feel
ashamed not really I love you Kelly next
question Troy asks what is the best and
worst part of being a dad the best parts
are all the times like he falls asleep
on me or he smiles or like we're dancing
together the worst time there was I've
had the most stressful moment I was
live-streaming a game hearthstone I was
at home and then someone knocked on the
door so then the dog started barking
with really loud right in the face of
little Trey Trey is woken up freaking
out he's crying my phone starts ringing
and it was just it was a second and then
he threw up on me those moments where
you're just like all the things that
works and I think the whole that can
kind of be summed up and you can't
escape life like if all that stuff
happened but there was no baby I'd be
like whatever I can handle all of this
or exit the situation but I have this
little guy I gotta take care of at the
same time but that's also what makes it
so special
Jorge asks would you shave your head
bald if you lost a bet Jorge I've
already done that it was a long time ago
it was six years I lost a bet to my
buddy shake Karl and then this happened
was a bad look for me like being having
a shaved head was awesome because
showers felt great but a bald head is a
very hard thing to have when you're a
fat white guy mami clubber asks who are
you looking forward to meeting the most
at VidCon another youtuber etc as far as
youtubers maybe I mean it's always kind
of it's kind of like seeing your
extended family especially like the old
schoolers and then you see the the new
kids but for the most part it's really
about meeting the
like that's really the only thing I care
about when I go to VidCon and this will
be very interesting I think Hank John
the people like running the convention I
think have done an amazing job in
previous years and it seems like even
more so
watching the vlogbrothers videos as far
as like making sure there's enough
security so I've heard it like other big
YouTube conventions there there's not
that much security and so like youtubers
end up hiding out in hotel rooms that
didn't really never felt like the case
at VidCon it's felt like this this
coming together of the community and of
course the the eventual evolution of
YouTube actually speaking there and and
a lot of people advertising and there's
all these backroom deals that happen
with tubers and big companies and stuff
but I mean at the end of the day it's
really it's really about meeting people
for me cold on Twitter asks have you
ever won the VidCon ninja match and who
can play so if you're not familiar with
the VidCon ninja match Ninja is a game
that you can play anywhere and it's
fantastic when you are waiting in line
for anything and you have enough space
to not hit people you want to learn how
to play on a link down below but the
main point every year at VidCon we
decided to get a ton ton of people I
think last year we have like over 500
people play a tournament of ninja I came
in fourth place last year to answer your
question yes I have previously won
imagine it's kind of like the guy that
maybe not invented golf but like the
golf was really unpopular and then one
guy was like I love this I'm really good
at it anyone every single time until
enough people actually care enough and
then they were easily better than him
that's kind of the case we will be doing
it again this year I believe it's the
main point it's super super fun everyone
has to sign up because you have to sign
a waiver because someone got rope
punched last year but 99% of the time it
is a fantastic time Gaby ass you ever
really feel like an adult when do you
know Gaby I don't know I think that's
where maybe some people you're like I'm
an adult now and it might be like a you
know you you you had your child or you
had to do your own taxes for the first
time because you're starting a business
I don't know I've had response but I've
said this before I've had
responsibilities for myself and others
since I was like 17 I left my
my home as fast as possible threw myself
out there partly not because I was like
a go-getter but I hated home life so
much and and I don't know I don't think
of myself as an adult I know some people
have been lied you look like a dad now
because I've been dressing in like nice
shirts that's really just because I've
lost weight and I don't feel like a
giant bag of crap in a shirt anymore so
so I don't know I don't know if there is
is ever a moment I think I think that
you know the toys and the activities you
do change but as long as you're having
something some fun maybe you never
really grow up in that aspect or maybe
I've been a grown-up since I was 17 and
I just never realized it Nicole asks so
besides exercise how did the pounds come
off specific diet plan question mark as
far as a diet there was nothing really
specific the reason I went with portion
control was just because it was
something that I knew that later on down
the road or I think that later on down
the road it'll be easy to consistently
do that a lot of the diets I had done in
the past or changes I had done in the
past was it was essentially like just
this big drastic change then I wouldn't
be able to just always do and so with
with making smart and smaller decisions
that's actually been the big thing I've
also like I've talked about it tons of
times
I started couch to 5k running a lot it's
just it was good it gave me something
that I mean I loved I loved when I did a
lot of like lifting weights and
resistance training there's just
something about running that is really
special to me and it's not like I'm it's
not like I'm even running more than four
miles like I hear that once you get
through the wall you get that euphoria
thing like I'm happy
after a run because I feel like I
accomplished something so really just
the the two things it's not it's not
cutting out carbs or gluten or whatever
the hell is like out there right now
it's really just eating less and doing a
little bit more a nation that is it for
this one if you have questions you want
me to answer for next week's what's up
Wednesday leave them in the comments
down below or you know follow me on
Facebook and/or Twitter I always post
and ask for suggestions for questions
but that's really a nation I love you
if you haven't watch today's BTS be sure
to do it and if you're at VidCon I hope
to love your face in person in a PG to
pg-13 sorta way
