hey buddy huh hey buddy
in his own worlds in his own world
think about boobies and sleep on its
stomach even though we don't want him to
so we always put him on his back hey
mama how you doing ooh Oh Oh cuz your
eyes are so terrible uh
God what are you like a new mom or
something 48 years old
yeah god wait what shirt are you wearing
brunch because molasses
my favorite thing I feel like Lindsay
does it to just troll like angry people
on Instagram is just like she has a
bunch of shirts that are like vodka
what is your pocket sure tomorrow I got
that one in this one and one that says
hungover but I got them because I like
the actual style of the shirt and all of
the shirts either say that or they say
stupid things like Beyonce instead of
Beyonce oh are like wifey I was thinking
about I was thinking about us adding
like the single shoulder stuff because I
mean most of the people that buy our
stuff it's actually like 50% now is
women bottles on Etsy and I can't tell
if the person buys actual one shoulder
sweatshirts or she just oh just cuts it
I think she might just cut them that
could be interesting because the the
shirts that we wear or that I wear on
camera are like really good quality it's
really it you know so you don't feel
like you're actually wearing a
sweatshirt or you don't look as holy as
you would look at you mama ma is
suggesting to me
oh really I'm so excited to see what
kind of what drama happens / they make I
feel like they're gonna well I'm gonna
have to breast pump all in there cuz my
boobs fill up real quick and they start
to hurt so I feel like they're gonna do
something with that
see now I'm gonna watch the entire thing
and I'm only going to be paying
attention to your boobs and I'll be like
when did she do it did she yeah cuz it's
probably yeses are gonna look different
too depending on yeah my level look
what do you think about that it's always
wait is he gonna be there oh yeah that's
right yeah
a baby on set all day would probably be
a bad move yeah they said they're like
it's like a 16-hour day yeah screw that
right Trey you're like uh-uh
not unless you give me my rate not
unless you pay my rate yeah for me on
Tesla does he don't get anything you
don't even get discount address it I
just wanted to be on it I just know that
you like you got so excited you're like
oh my god I've always wanted to be on it
I'm just excited for the UH don't they
like at the beginning you talk about
like when I met Phil oh yeah I did say I
suspect Atlanta so I may have to put on
an accent put on the excellent when I
met Phil it was early time on YouTube he
moved to Atlanta he moved with Lana
forming I wonder how it'll be received
uh actually I mean it's it's what TLC
pretty open-minded people the black she
had a baby beforehand
it's TLC but in the south is true it is
TLC yeah so you don't care it's a cool
thing now how do they be okay it's so
cool it's like Sencha Lee like moving in
with a person before you get married
it's just like getting a dog huh
is that what you are I'm always needy
puppy in the world he's actually I feel
like he's actually pretty great very
well I get frustrated because I'm not
used to I'm not used to someone being
able to scream directly in my face and
may not be able to do what do you think
and I'm just like last night when I was
training you ready for bed and fold
laundry and stuff I could tell phil was
getting so frustrated it was like I have
to let him figure this out I can't go
just like grab the baby from mi he has
to figure yeah you did and you did
figure it out you figured out football
league football never does that before
so good on you well I just remembered
when we had the UH we took classes
beforehand like I feel good cuz I'm like
I know baby CPR I want to go back in so
that we know how to do
the next like level of CPR yes and I
always feel I always feel like
accomplished when I listen I'm like I
got you to go to sleep even though it's
no no it's
I've tried filming at home and whenever
he's asleep in my club I got him to go
to sleep and then I was like it's like
he knows you know it's in well it's like
when uh whenever food's ready he just
starts crying yeah whenever he hears the
timer in the kitchen go off he's like
okay time to wake up really eater yeah
it'll be nice to have like my mom's here
this week we could eat we could have a
meal and not to rush through it
that's ooh that's exciting is that so
Lindsay's mom is coming out for for
VidCon uh helps to take care of yeah to
help which right which is also something
that we're trying to figure out I almost
feel like I want to hit Shay up and be
like hey how much do you actually have
your baby around because I'm gonna be
hugging and shaking hands and I'm
terrified I'm gonna get him sick no just
when you come back to the room wash your
hands just Purell and douse myself and
bleach yeah we're not we might bring
them into one thing but other than that
you just need stand before my mom yeah
you okay with that
uh-huh we might take him to the Q&A
sting bring them there just for that
like to simba him maybe like now run
away that's we have to talk about
nothing
you're the worst that's what you are
Phil's lost a lot of weight and he rubs
at my face every money so here's the
deal I don't rub my I don't rub my
weight loss I like I want to tell
someone I'm like cuz I don't wanna I
don't know there are a few people that
I'm like I don't know will care about my
small shit and I'm like I went down like
cuz I'm five pounds overnight no not
five pounds like I'm right right now I
mean I am yo-yoing between like 205 and
210 but that's like it's still like a 25
pound change which is good so I'm happy
I think part of it was I wanted to be
healthy in general because I don't want
to be like a bad example for this guy
but also I don't want to look super
super fat at VidCon I think that was
probably a big part of it so I don't
know I'll do that
and I get to where I get to wear dress
shirts again because when you get when
you get to a certain size you're like I
don't want to
this essentially looks like I'm wearing
like a muumuu that's buttoned up Trey
tell me where just tell me where it is
Trey
tell me Trey where did you put it Trey
be honest be honest with me
I know I'm put you on the spot hey Trey
and you're avoiding eye contact you
think this is funny you think this is
you think oh you think lies are funny is
that really I have a liar for a son I
have a liar force is it dude if you if
this is how you act when you lie you got
you can't be in politics Mama's gonna be
happy about that she's not gonna want to
be in politics she's gonna want you to
be best friends with Cristiano Ronaldo
oh I like that you how do you already
memorize that name cuz I googled him a
lot
oh okay you cheated on his wife so it
doesn't mean oh nothing all my friends
of them just look at him ice white
okay's body any potato chips huh we're
not a fan of that idea are we no sir no
sir
