we hear DeFranco in glove to hear your
guys opinions about what we do yes we do
so we're going out and we're asking
people with their favorite sourcefed
hosts is what their favorite SourceFed
video is and who the hell Philip
DeFranco is I need to know these things
immediately let's do this hey girls
girls coach who's your favorite
sourcefed hosts okay nevermind go here
go go go go come on climb quick as
possible I need to know your brisky most
personal opinion on philip defranco
philip defranco you know the guy some
sub whose bag of the day where is
everyone in the mall it's a it's a
friday i mean out of the sourcefed hosts
see what you have to say is your fav
would you say Joe Bereta lee newton
trisha hershberger Caesar goes over
wooden Hank William Haynes he's a great
guy tell me some more good things about
wingman ma'am who's your favorite
sourcefed hosts its YouTube oh I never
mind okay we gotta go gotta go SourceFed
Joe Bereta Lee Newton are you just
naming random people are these no no no
really where you too you too I'm on
YouTube John you do yeah Dennis Anthony
walking on air check them out yeah check
me out walking in there Dennis Anthony
there's security what do you think
William Haynes looks like in person I'm
guessing white I mean oh ok couple a
couple more descriptions keep going
favorite philip defranco show don't know
I don't know no okay thank you sir tall
blond hair you know old skis me girl
who's your favorite a sourcefed hosts I
never mind okay we made we made you love
William Haynes I know you would love a
woman yeah I don't know who that is if
you had to say which was your favorite
host would it be Liam Hayes youtubers
and you don't put your favorite
sourcefed hosts I just say Sam bastard
Shan bad it close enough okay we got it
Philip J DeFranco can you tell me your
opinion on him he's great he's a great
guy I've wake you oh my god don't don't
look at it when you watch him on
tabletop do you really feel that his
opinions resonate with yours yeah
definitely philip defranco he's balita
yeah you know sweetie good good linear
really quick what about us here how do
you feel about the shoes i guess i'd
like to touch it alright we have found
one person that knows who this is you
love Philly be yes you know SourceFed
yes who's your favorite sourcefed hosts
we yes me you want to say a shout out to
her finally say that Sam bachelor on the
drawing board is is the best show on the
Internet Sam Bass sure on the drawing
board is the best show on an Internet
yes it is thank you what is your your
your final opinion I'll bill to Franco
do you find his videos funny informative
do you is that we be you news of type
stuff that matter to you that day yeah
just say Sam basher is the greatest host
the Internet has ever seen Sam basher is
the greatest one you know ever seen
their ever ever thank you he he's an
alright guy he has a nice stride yes
when he walks he goes like 1 see you
here we go there we go look at look at
the twist oh my goodness let me see that
spin ha I give it a solid seven it's not
seven out of eight seven at sun at 1000
in one sentence sum up philip defranco
he's he's awesome Wow perfect you could
say anything to Phil DeFranco right now
what would it do what's up Philip you're
great I love your faces she's an
all-time fan I love your faces and i'll
see you tomorrow can we have your
permission to use this on the internet I
think that went amazing absolutely they
really got to what am I doing with my
life I just said Sam I can't anymore I
can't I can't I can't I think it one day
at a time yeah get my wing I feel my
neck it in oh okay please subscribe
