nation I am currently downloading EA
Sports UFC so I can stream it a little
bit later for you guys but I want to
make a video today a lot of you guys
were asking me what I thought about the
Alpha of destiny and I had not made a
full video on it it was the one thing I
wasn't able to talk about in my big III
wrap-up so they want to give you today
is essentially like a highlight slash
fill screams cut which I kind of just
whispers scream constantly that's what
I've noticed I'm playing a little PvE by
myself a little PvE with people some PvP
and then after all that I want to give
you a first impression slash review it
you can't really give one of the Alpha
oh there we go just took a second it's a
essentially the way that this works is
there's three places there's the free
roam slash kind of story
there's the PvP and then there's this so
this is the the free open area I hit
this and then I can see Commission's
around us and I can hit this guy I can
summon the vehicle and I know I'm on my
ride
I do like the look of the game I like
the feel of the game so far what's nice
is even though there's only gonna be a
few areas that we can fuck around with
this is technically online so if someone
else is doing this mission on the same
mode at the same time I think we can
what we could play with them we've seen
some people before okay let's summon our
vehicle nice and fast I like that I like
that that's smart
right into a rock good times you know
what I want to do this again
Golden Gun motherfucker that was just
that was like eighty dick shots I think
that's what just happened fucking Golden
Gun gimme Oh God
you are not an insta-kill oh this is a
bad idea oh oh oh what the where'd you
guys come from oh my god is a million of
you fuckers I'm gonna die I'm gonna die
whoo I'm gonna try something yeah suck
it you know drop bastard I'm a little
terrified to go here I'm kind of hoping
that it'll throw me in a game with
people yeah we got three I don't think
we were gonna stammers down ice Terrace
down okay I don't hit me oh god help me
Jesus
oh god no move move move you can get
away
oh Jesus Christ get out of here get off
of me I don't know you mom help me just
stranger around in my room oh fuck oh
good this is like oh my god are you
glitched
that's so weird
Oh what the fuck is that all right so
we're setting the thing on fire doing
like limited damage nice you know what
let's see what happens when we do this
no I'm stuck Oh God uh open up I was
like that's a laser no no it's gonna die
again I know it doesn't it turns on long
enough for me to think I get a scare he
died and I oh oh my god oh my god normal
enemies give us like 10 XP he gave us 50
that's bullshit dude these guys this is
ridiculous
oh my god
howhow are you disconnected you're
literally plugged in and it's stuck
vibrating yes yes let's see if he drops
anything we're gonna see what PvP looks
like I'm probably gonna get my ass
kicked
Alpha Team capture zones kill enemy
players Oh if I killed him
all right good I was like the scab
didn't kill him Oh nice knife Oh knife
headshot oh oh he blocked my name this
big stupid face there we go I just need
a dance he's gotta get the jitters out
dance come on kill him with fire killer
fire oh my god what just happen to die
so it's behind me
you neutralized Zoey what am i what am i
what zone is contested I think it thinks
that I'm in C right now I think yeah
look at it I think it's glitched and
thinks I'm capturing C oh no special
ammo
killed by resource management why
everyone's not America Jesus baseball
what is that gun oh I have a rocket
launcher let's try that out
Oh
there they go they got me I was reading
a review on the Alfa and I read this guy
said his wife was like if you character
can dance
it's an MMO the game is an MMO yeah I
hope you a good time that's it I love
your faces I'll see you next time go go
hanging out a baby coming from a non
reviewers standpoint the game is just
it's a gorgeous fun time both for PvE
and PvP what I will say is for the PvE
like the story missions and just the
being out there by yourself stuff you
can do some of it by herself in the free
roam and that's okay but the other
bigger missions like teamwork is
essential I did that mission where that
there was a creepy crawly thing twice
once when I was level six and with two
other people that had no idea how to
play the game and then later on with
people from my stream that were the same
level as me and the difference was
probably about 15 minutes same with
randoms was a nightmare and so damn slow
I said when you had a team that was
actually working together and knew to
focus fire and it was it was a great fun
and sometimes really difficult time I
guess in the final version those will
have three different subclasses to
technically nine my favorite was Hunter
because it felt really really strong in
pvp of titans hunters and warlocks my
favorite was the subclass of gunslinger
for hunter because all the classes have
these super moves that Titan has this
big one where it smashes his hands into
the ground it's like an AoE attack where
alot kinda has the same thing except it
can shoot it the hunter if timed really
well was like ultimate defense or
offense because you get this Golden Gun
that one hits pretty much everyone in
the game right now I wonder if it'll be
the same in the full game at the higher
levels and essentially you get the
Goldeneye gun and you get three bullets
or until your time runs out I didn't
have like team deathmatch or anything
the only mode they had was the
equivalent of domination control a few
points and then this was what was really
interesting was that you could actually
go into PvP slightly more powerful than
other people because you picked up a
better weapon I kind of loved that
because it took this this great
first-person shooter where I was having
a lot of fun and it added a kind of a
reward system for looting we're
depending on what I got it
my strategy but never made anyone to to
overpower really enjoyed it I can't wait
for the beta
I hope they they offer a few more things
in the Alpha and then the final game oh
my god it should be so much fun me now
the only thing in my head is do I get it
for Xbox one or ps4 I'm at this point
where the number of people I like to
play with on ps4 is is kind of get into
those Xbox one numbers so maybe I'm torn
but only because I am excited to play
this game I loved it
