they're supposed to like what shirt so
that you know what today is Phil I'll be
mean you're wearing it what huh huh
right what it's national I'm making this
update decorate for Christmas Day you
look really impressed I just wanted to
see what happens when no one goes huh
retire pathan or it gets like super pump
that we're celebrating a pointless
another great amazing idea
I kind of like where it was going we're
just gonna go with it Phil I think it
was incredible that was either that are
watching
sometimes Joe just comes in here mumble
a glyphis like do you want to do I just
want coffee
that's a mulligan and this is the one
time we're like no we're just gonna go
anyway spill we're just gonna do some
decorating today I to get into the
Christmas spirit I got a lot of uh yeah
I love Christmas content come on des I
personally haven't said Merry Christmas
in 12 years really yeah we don't do
snowflake stuff here fill my cache
mother shouldn't say that I said a lot
I've been saying a lot Phil we
accomplished so much from this
interaction Joe I don't know I'm so glad
that I stopped doing what I was doing
and engaged and I'm so I'm so glad you
stopped doing your job so I can do my
job because your jobs obviously more
important than my job okay I'm going
some people would argue that what we
doing Christmas decorations holiday
decorations fucking snowflakes we're
getting stuff for the Christmas videos
right holiday holiday videos damn
snowflakes
man what if snowflakes mean yeah I'm not
talking well we'll talk about this later
here we are this is all the Christmas
stuff a little overwhelming I'm gonna
get card I feel like we shouldn't get
stockings what someone I'm not gonna say
who will probably get picked on and
we'll end up with coal and there's
talking I just feel like someone's gonna
put coal and Luke's talking is he Jewish
oh my god candy this is the best bit
right thanks
all right we got all the stuff well some
of the stuff and you give that more
stuffs yeah you know what I'm offended
by well I didn't at the dollar store
have any Hanukkah stuff we do yeah that
big one that it's basically you shoot
the balls I don't I don't think I think
that's just like a this is just a toy
you same the one with the floaty balls
you suit them yeah looks like what we
have oh that's why they have a bunch of
snowflakes right you know the electric
slide there we go
all right so you cut more things I don't
think we've ever been in CVS before I
only have you thinking I think we should
get this Christmas holiday tree Oh oh
gosh do we need this no it's not
Christmas train it's not Christmas
without the Train yeah but like like how
do we justify it like hey I'll put in
Phil's room oh hey Phil now so she says
this was it's pretty cold when we can
totally never does menorah naive
intuition I'm offended it even has a
game what other manure has games not as
you notice I'm offended I just wanted my
Kwanzaa decorations I didn't
you excited to decorate for Christmas
yeah I'm excited to decorate for
Christmas because I don't do it my
apartment my home why would I
I appreciate that point as I can think
sorry I would finish but you know
bitches all right are you ready all
right comes methadone doing me do you
have a meeting
yeah okay oh we can cancel the meeting
and then we can do the movie privacy
waiting on the Hat okay looking good
Zach no Zach you want the Hat Santa's
Little Helper Santa's big when you start
decorating there we go
be Honda days is that a car from
everywhere decorating the whole place
all right we have a tree here yeah it's
a wobbly tree
there's only they're supposed to get a
mistletoe for the office
this silence breakers have ruined will
not ruined guys we're decorating for
Christmas don't you want to be a part of
it oh my staple into the wall sir Ryan
don't you want to help decorate for
Christmas I want to go to bed black
stand out but is that a real tree yeah
what are those why did you have to pause
this here okay sweet you can just say it
and stop decorating things okay that's
all I needed
alright Phil we just decorated you
haven't moved at all from this chair
nothing's moved hours later
right hours later so Phil I got a
surprise for you got two surprises to
pick this up I want you to wear it wear
it with pride I want you to know
something and it's probably wrong I am
so glad that this did not get close to
the numbers of our winner nor the actual
one that came in last place experts may
argue that experts yes experts may argue
that because people had already
purchased shirts right so that's why
yours yeah was abysmal I mean it passed
a hundred yeah but I wonder with what
this really does tell us is that the
audience's inclination towards wanting
people to be frustrated that people do
stupid shit just because they know it
annoys me
we're potentially annoys Christie and
that makes you the winner the difference
of $15 right because this is what is
this $35 right I think the difference
between of twelve to fifteen dollars
yeah we're willing to fuck around with
$20 mm-hmm three five you talking about
that's the urges get the also factoring
the idea that some people pass up like
really great designs just you know I
don't know where I was going with a do
you think that the audience is turning
against each other they might be Phil
here I have a great idea let's put it on
but I'm gonna put on for you one two
three looks great on you and my second
part of the surprise Phil is we're gonna
go check out the decorations you have to
put this on people is supposed to
believe that I covered news in a really
good way and this is why you got me
doing this beautiful tree yeah CBS it's
real this is the saddest part no
decoration it's a disabled clock and
here's this Christmas corner you like it
though love it's very festive say this
is Jodi included the other video we
didn't fire Brian he's just on vacation
oh we don't talk about Brian
well any any last words last words I
don't know Brian
happy holidays everybody fucking snow
please
