nation I wanted to talk about something
I was I was going from III back home in
an uber because we couldn't find a ride
we had a ton of credits we're like let's
do it it was a good ride and along the
way we had a driver that I would call
John because I don't want to use his
real name and maybe get him fired for
some weird reason but during the ride
that song comes on where it has that
line from Chris Brown that says these
hoes ain't loyal and it ended up turning
into the driver telling us this my
wife's been married for 20 years
you know probably cheated on her over a
hundred times but you still love her
she has she loves me that's got to be
priority number one don't get cut also I
do want to say that that video was
filmed Berta cool so one he didn't
realize that I was filming and two in
case he did realize I was filming in a
fight broke out I could upload it to
worldstar hip hop cuz I don't think that
they accept horizontal video this
conversation happened for a while and we
were kind of you know we were kind of
just were laughing and having a good
time because like this guy is saying
outrageous shit and also we wanted to
hear where it was going but then I got
to this point where I just got I was
quiet and I realized it's just because
it bothered me so much
I shouldn't have it's this guy and this
woman I don't know in no way does this
pertain to my life but it just kept
bothering me one I've done very few
things a hundred times I think if you do
anything a hundred times brag about it
but maybe not this then like a CW show
the season one villain we get to season
three they've run out of plot points we
get a little backstory maybe we have
sympathy for the villain and he says how
he started out in his relationship he
thought he was always gonna be the guy
that was faithful in his relationship
that lasts maybe like two years and it
maybe it would be different if he was
excited to go home to this person he
thought cared about him and and you're
like oh it's this it's this loveless
relationship maybe this guy has been so
hurt that is why has the idea that you
know the only person you need to be
honest with is it your side bitch then I
always get to that point why do people
stay together like my parents were
terrible with each other they they did
terrible things to each other and thank
jebus that they just they split up and I
did not have to deal with them in the
same house all the time instead of just
being in one loveless house I got
to just you know be in places where
people were happy even if just
temporarily and I think about it and I'm
not trying to like white knight or blah
blah blah or villainize this guy because
you know what they're probably a lot of
people out there just that feel lonely
and sad and they do stupid shit that
they think like temporarily fills them
but I live my life I think the only
things I'm genuinely fearful foot
forward of is like losing everything and
not being able to take care of myself
and just disappointing or hurting
Lindsey or my son like that it that's
really it I think that's a thing is like
if you're in a place where you're
consistently thing about cheating or
you're like maybe even trying to throw
yourself into situations where it's a
possibility like leave your relationship
that's not it's not healthy I think that
you have to walk away from that
situation probably thinking less of
yourself is if you live in that life and
you're like ah you know life so it's a
rush you're supposed to go out and just
have some fun don't also have this other
person this goes for guys and girls
because both people Chiefs do it
everyone deserves to be happy and
ideally hopefully you on that way to
happiness you're not just crushing
people so that was just something that
was on my mind on a much happier note
Lindsey and I have been playing with
Trey and the pool which has been fun
I've been watching some World Cup with
Trey this is the face he actually made
when Messi scored yesterday I think that
means he might be a fan of Argentina
which I don't know how to take in a
Olleh Olleh it always like eight days
okay
Lindsay's dad came into town and we got
possibly the most adorable picture of
him ever a nation that's really all
that's on my mind this Monday I hope you
having an okay one or at least not a
terrible one I love your faces and I'll
see you tomorrow
