where do you do right now william keene
Sam basher Philip DeFranco their partner
give us we'll wrap up all right you see
where we're at right now is III kind of
video games you want to see today are
the best ones Sam and I go play bad
video games mario luigi a super smash
bees mr. meeseeks I plan assumes 24
let's go get a demo let's go get a demo
I don't know anything about video games
I know like three but I want to know
what is so important about
this is just like high school everything
is free not me not working for most any
new it's 95 virginity what's your
favorite thing I need to be this so my
favorite thing at e3 is everything which
I able to get you out god I'm not gonna
tell you cuz ass go ruin my next video
any dream
Worf you there what's your favorite
thing at e3
science oh honey I don't know what's our
everything at e3 everything everything
everything what's your favorite part of
3 III favorite thing
everything at e3 let me show you my
donkey so do you think i can get it in
the hoop it's more like a dunkin donut
we have here is a new practice otitis to
do
Titus is an animal found only in the
Amazonian jungle only relief now if you
find a new variety is silk ideas we want
to do is approach very slowly into the
best way you possibly can do not slap it
did I hit it do not call it your father
it will all go horribly wrong let's try
to approach let's try to approach
alright so it be food for us all right
till the electronics convention is just
a really good
