sup vlog be watching tap people's it is
Wednesday which means that you guys sent
me questions that I am going to try to
answer never know how these things gonna
turn out last week was very serious the
week before was kind of fun I think I've
a terrible memory and in the future if
you want to ask me questions throw them
out on twitter using the hashtag ask to
Franco or leave them in the comments
down below that's it let's get started
what advice would you give it to a 22
year old who feels a little lost and
doesn't know what to do with their life
not really advice just you should have
the knowledge that everyone that's 22 it
feels like this and if they don't feel
like this they will feel like this
insecurity doubt feeling lost in this
world those are not unique things just
to you is always kind of funny when I
think about it cuz it's those things
that make us feel kind of lost and by
ourselves it really tie us to everyone
else in a boil and ask if someone handed
you 1 billion dollars today what would
you change about your life / do
differently might stop doing this show
so don't give me a billion dollars I
probably also moved back to the beach
but not in Venice where my shit always
got broken into but maybe like Malibu
where I could technically buy a house
now I'd have a baller-ass house in
Malibu but then I'd have to like eat off
the dollar menu then I probably buy a
few places around the world and use
those as kind of hubs when my family
travels then maybe just blog for fun and
just uh it slowly shift the the work and
family thing to more family and then
also work Thomas on Twitter Asif Trey
was to show natural talent in a sports
such as dark / billboards when older but
you incurred as a profession anything is
gonna make sure eight happy and feel
fulfilled and excited for the next day
I'm gonna like be like do that thing
long as it doesn't interfere with school
work I don't love that good no matter
what but i think i am probably gonna be
the strict pair I think a lot of people
that watch me especially like the new
guys they have this this very one-sided
view of me I posted this thing on
Twitter last night where you know I
started this whole weight loss thing at
two thirty i'm at 212 now and so when
I'm 200 I'm gonna I'm gonna smoke a
little weed I'm gonna get a shake from
in and out that's vanilla and I'm gonna
have a firehouse sub people like you
can't do that you're a father like I was
gonna blow the smoke in his face as i
injected him with aids or something
that's a whole other video about the
idiotic demonization of marijuana I mean
like anything as long as he
buying stuff and he's enjoying it and
it's not hurting him becoming a smarter
to Franco and myself I will be there
doing whatever bullshit I don't want to
be doing stretching hammies for ballet I
don't know my mind my job as a parent is
to protect the child give him lots of
opportunities but also at the same time
making sure that he doesn't turn into a
huge asshole or if he does turn into an
asshole hopefully like maybe the good
kind of asshole kind of like how I think
of myself jarrow on twitter asks what do
you do if you're trying to do something
you love people keep saying that i
should stop because you suck at it
here's the deal nation if you even watch
me for a long time you know that you're
probably watching me because I just I
speak my mind I'm not gonna just say
some inspirational shit so that you
reblogged me on tumblers and retweet me
on Twitter's if you are passionate at
something and that also includes
becoming better and standing out in
something strive and go for but some
people genuinely are terrible at things
and you might be able to get better by
need to understand it might not be your
thing but random I see it on the
internet every year because there's so
many stupid talent shows on TV where
people are like look at this thing I can
do it's terrible and you find out
they've been doing it for 15 years and
it's just it's not a thing that they
should do you need to look at yourself
in the world out there and go is this
something that one makes me happy and
two I can live on because the real world
is not the inspirational bullshit we see
on tumblr keep in mind all those years
ago there was no money in YouTube but it
was something I loved and everyone
around me was like what the fuck are you
doing I took a look at myself what was
out there and where I thought this thing
could go and I double down on I dropped
out of college I devoted all my time and
any resources i had to this thing and I
came out the other end successful I look
back at those videos I was terrible at
this trying to be someone I wasn't
something that already existed rather
than just being myself and speaking my
mind but I also don't think my job
requires that much talent other than
unapologetically speaking to my mind in
a room by myself and then later posting
it on the internet and knowing when I
find people funny and then hiring them
to be on channels I make so jarrow and
people like you in this place understand
that it's not one way or the other it's
something that you're gonna have to feel
and it's something that you're going to
fail at I tried a bunch other stuff
before this I thought I was good at it I
thought I could do something and people
were like that stupid and it turned out
it was stupid they should I think with
that question answered
will end today's Q&A video if you have
not watched today's PDS that is also a
thing or yesterday's they've been
getting posted a little later than usual
just because we've been doing so many
other things but yeah nation I love your
faces and I will see you tomorrow
