some magnets have watching people it is
Tuesday I hope you having a good one if
you are unaware mario kart 8 not a
sponsor recently came out which made me
happy because i felt less stupid for
buying a wii u which is really just
gonna be a mario kart 8 and smash bros
machine and i thought it would be cool
to see who in the nation is the best
mario kart 8 so using the in-game tools
i created a tournament specifically for
the defranco nation called DeFranco
nation 2.0 the information right here
it's a daily competition it starts at
midnight and ends at 11:30 p.m. it's all
point base is capped twelve races and
you can see if you all the best in the
nation I myself usually play between 6
p.m. and 9 p.m. Pacific and all that
said here is my first night of playing
the nation sup guys coming in we're
gonna create an online tournament if you
have Mario Kart 8 it's a tournament
called DeFranco just so you know this
can be the most fun and also most
frustrating fucking game in the world
there we go there we go okay oh no no my
god how I I have no idea how I'm in
first right now it's gonna go away very
fast we're beating the nation so far
fuck but they're all look at that oh god
they're coming
oh they're coming I'm scared here we go
come on last one I hate them first the
entire time just become the bad guy
shit this could be the time to get hit
we could lose it all in one final turn
no no there is no guard
oh never first oh it's gonna be this guy
to be this guy in front of me the entire
time okay I got a I got a watch which
way he did I told you it's this fucking
guy it's it's so weird in this game how
it could be so fun and frustrating
no it's over I hate everything oh this
is this is the worst I love it though ah
who's hurt it hurts look at all those
look at all those beautiful people from
the nation so essentially the stream so
far has been fills in first place oh
look Phil lost hope Phil's in first
place oh look Phil lost
oh wow Phil came in eighth this game
loves giving me coins there we go look
at that fucking Tokyo Drift son ha no I
say Tokyo Drift I plug and go into the
grass oh don't hit me I'm a red shell
lover not a red shell hater oh no don't
do it to me it's happening oh it's gonna
come down to the drops what are the
final drops oh my god no yo yo oh my god
we just die we just die last lap holy
shit a little me beat the shit happening
anything is possible right now Oh
nothing's possible it was a pipe dream
nothing nothing is not know happiness is
real it's me and Shawn for three seconds
until I make a mistake oh whoa okay
you're gonna recover that work Oh
oh my god every everything is hitting me
all right come on
do it look at all the fucking Rosalina's
and Princess Peach's and Luigi's I can't
say anything though there's another
Yoshi let's see where we got Oh No
they'll get second second out of our ass
second not about us
oh shit well I'm about to getting
brutalized Oh motherfucker oh I thought
was gonna make it happen
I thought I was gonna make it happen but
instead I'm back in ninth place we're
gonna get oh my god nowhere does it be
last how about this for every place
behind third place you have to take a
shot that way we start killing people
oh god no no I'll take it
I'll take it were done done I just
stopped
yeah be sure you follow other words and
stuff
oh no I'm tired I'm gonna get some sleep
love your faces bye
