hey Sam would you like to share with us
some of your world-famous celebrity
impression
sure okay we're old famous Kanye West a
Nicholas Cage Morgan Freeman Michael
Jackson President Barack Obama Sofia
Vergara mm-hmm
miley cyrus we should see everybody
else's impressions dare you want right
no all right Joe I'll play a little game
what is the game I'm gonna give you a
scenario and act out that scenario but
while you do it I'm going to yellow
celebrity impressions you have to do
your scenario is you're in a cereal
factory you're your team leader and
there's a million Chris for all
everybody back to work oh there's a milk
explosion I need more cowbell everybody
to clean up them cereal Oh because the
milk is getting in it Nikesh there's no
everywhere all over the goddamn floor
then like whoa if you do that we do on
an adventure together Obama uh so that
milk explosion that happened uh it was a
tragedy and I would appreciate if
somebody picked up the pumps and rice
crispies go back oh we need to clean up
this your milk we can get back to work
I'm willing hey I'm about to say will do
it will right oh we should clean up on
that no I hate my dad hi Cyrus I miss my
leading male yeah why paying attention
to me stop paying attention to me Phil
DeFranco log it's a chip tray DeFranco
what's up nation the milk explosion it
happened hot chicks over here photos
that's when the photos were supposed to
have we said trader Frank oh oh oh
so he said try different that's a good
fill though traitor Franco awesome Joe
Bereta hey it's me I'm Joe Bereta
welcome back to SourceFed like the video
subscribe to the channel and I make
jokes
Sam bachelor he'll talk to Sammy Sam how
you doing today hey I really like what
you did on the drawing board so what he
does is pretty spa and this religious
headed corners a lot your parachuting
out of a plane hold the cord and it
doesn't deploy Morgan Freeman this
parachute didn't work that's alright
with me the whole fair did not apply
that day because a parachute in fact
deployed somewhere else in her heart Nic
Cage oh oh oh I'm sorry was there
supposed to be a parachute
kanya yeah this airplane if this
parachute ah hey so auto-tune everything
that I'm saying right now
I'm fine out of a parachute falling out
a parachute
Thank You Starling following me Phil
DeFranco well I'm gonna fall out of this
airplane it doesn't really matter to me
I thought I was gonna die at some point
anyway oh well the filter things would
probably be like I'm not gonna go in the
plane let's make Joe and Lee go on the
plane and film that said Sam badger I'm
stupid
it's just hurtful can you do Sam basher
Oh Sam basher yeah
parachute appreciate no permit you know
something it is your scenario is you're
a cap reader you're the best in the
country
okay and your prize cat just gave birth
to a dog Morgan Freeman Dinah what have
you done
this looks like a dhow sweet mercy it's
a DAB Michael Jackson goodness it's a
baby dog
Hey smells like a boy will will I'm real
sad guys I'm real sad my prize can't
give birth with dog Oh woman did your
baby church burger hey guys
my cat just gave birth to a dog bill
defranco dog what are you doing down
there that's all I got
yeah nothing else trader Franco
that's the best one oh pretty spot on
mother wonderful disappearance sex it in
like a black Wow you should see it you
don't because like it doesn't exist it
honestly between their Sarlacc pit Wow
