hey Trisha how you doing good how are
you whatever cook I'm great I'm great
thanks for asking that's very kind of
you
there's a lot of noises happening
there's a lot of noise there's a lot of
noises thankfully all right you know
sometimes in life you got to know what
you want all right you know what I'm
saying all right sometimes you get down
with a get down you got to go around and
drop around town man you got to say who
it is is gonna do to do and B to be mmm
take it away status up is that now what
I want you to we're doing fuck marry
kill with us three oh those are your
only option of course this would be the
video you fuckin egotistical ass all
right boys but I'm gonna have to I'm
gonna have to have sex up there okay
that was obvious now Ian okay that was a
game I thought it was a gift I mean
who's the sexy man oh he's got the one
I'm not interrupting am I
your own guy so I got to think about it
from a dominance perspective right
damas yeah so I'd probably want any
dominate let him explain go ahead what
you say about me he's got the Lang
keenest okay he's got like that face
they're always like it lightly he's that
good Annie is length eNOS a good thing
like eNOS lank eNOS yeah like if a
girl's like ma'am why are you so lanky
so no can i fuck me right in killed
Aaron all three of them you did I think
that's right answer yeah can I get
something I'm kind of oh shit guys
oh shit just cuz I'm trying to imagine I
would kill will he's hopeless
okay he's there's no hope for him in the
future you notice the trend here feel
like will would be would be hilarious
but he gets sad a lot of the time
there's a lot of depression and I feel
like that like I'd spend a lot of my
time married to him like trying to like
clean up his emotional state right of
code and I just not I'm not sure about
that like what can we top three things
top 3 qualities of Sam uh I'll make you
look smart at parties that's not oh hey
hey what are you cut what can you cook
I'm cooking enough coat will will I'd
like to hear your well first of all like
when you get down to the Nitty Gritty
like when you and uh yeah I have to
marry Sam oh very well
oh oh Tricia's the smartest person whose
whole building the only person that
didn't kill me that's up first and
everybody who killed know does this do
anything for you right here right there
this does kind of do some sort of
exercise I'd fuck down everything
obviously we know this and then I'd
marry both of you oh yeah it's like like
what's going on here and then I kill
myself uh it's definitely one of you to
Darren I'm probably um Darren I'm gonna
it's definitely a kill or Mary Ryan man
Lady Mary because there's there's a
respect okay alright but I'm worried it
wouldn't want to just f will because
Leslie brought up not if you're only
gonna do it once it wouldn't be I want
someone that has a little bit more it
wouldn't be that fun
but over time I think everyone can be
good
Tricia's my woman now I think I'm
thinking I trust him to be faithful
can you huh man you know cheat do you
think I'm achieving you really had heard
about what the kill will it looks like a
hate crime okay let's be honest true you
know what I mean what do you want do you
want to know that that's a sympathy
marry because I'm cool I'm worried about
looking long as I can marry my parents
will be proud of me in a sense of being
uh
a lion I'm gonna kill Darren fuck what
Ari
that's the first time yeah that's the
first time I'm taken I'm taking out I'm
taking out the the the potential threat
from guys pack leader um all right hmm
gonna gonna fuck him how do you feel
just got married they just got married
but it's gonna be weird
that's a month damn you're pretty
excited to get fucked by Phil he just
does his shoulders off I would fuck you
I would ride him reverse cowgirl
Darren Vaughn Gardner okay I would have
him in me and sam'l do some weird stuff
keep keep it interesting but I'm going
home for the long run I'm there every
night I don't cook I don't clean but I
hang out well you've been waiting for
this moment for your whole life whole
life's how do you feel
marry me I'm good about it there's
couple smart people in here what are you
doing I won't dance this is every night
for you Phil
