mention it is Wednesday here on the vlog
of T and also I guess the rest of the
world and today I answer questions cuz
that's what I do on Wednesdays cuz I
decided it's pretty much a thing but I
want to start giving you guys categories
of questions to ask me today it was a
life advice questions I feel like every
now and then in life you have to just
sit down listen to someone spew
something that you find insightful or
just fuckin stupid to find a place so
I'm gonna provide at least one of those
things for you maybe both cuz I'm
awesome and terrible at the same time I
stumbled like a crazy person through
that sense but here we go
Shelby Rogers asked how do you decide
which battles in life to fight and which
to leave alone I have the belief that if
something does not physically harm me or
does not harm something that allows me
to take care of me and mine why care
about it at all in this world you will
find assholes manipulators just shitty
shitty people all around you what you
have to ask yourself is does this keep
me from eating or walking or breathing
or living my life as I have been if it
does not suck it up take that negative
energy try and turn into a positive
people have used me in the past current
times whatever I say fuck them can have
some of the crust I'm gonna be over here
making some grilled cheese matvey ass is
a worth waiting for a girl if you love
her it's not a simple answer but what I
will say is based on life experience and
and watching people around me if you are
young I'm considering that 24 and under
no I essentially put my college career
on hold for a year so the girl that I
was dating could move to the same place
as me and we could be together and be in
love
banaz it commonly occurs we broke up and
all of this is under the presumption
that she knows and you've made it very
like hey I like you because she's under
zero agreement to reciprocate your
feelings and same thing for girls guys
why waste the time if you've made it
known that's a big one for a lot of
young guys but just people in general
feelings are mutual don't waste your
time so in general no TJ Brown ass on
Twitter advice but though is feeling
stuck in the routine of life and TJ I
think I'm gonna bottle this in with all
the other questions about like how to
deal with depression because I think a
lot of it is just like the day-to-day to
steal a line from Nike just do it it
being whatever the hell it is that you
wanting to do for months maybe even a
year I was like I want to run but I
would never run until about six weeks
ago and I was like I'm gonna do it today
I'm not gonna like go get shorts and
make it this whole thing and like eat
shitty today I'm just gonna start right
now because it's hitting a point where I
just can't handle Who I am and my place
and life so just fucking do it because
that's given me something because the
day to day I've enjoyed it a lot more in
the past I still do it today because
there are parts that make me happy I
like doing my show and having a real
conversation with people and that's
awesome the negative shit that I know
that's there that always kind of makes
me not want to go funny enough the same
thing with different people on the set
videos like I love finding new talent
for you guys to see on SourceFed
SourceFed nerd this new channel we're
making but it's like I know half the
comments are gonna be like ranking one
host or the other or like sexually
objectifying Trisha there's nothing to
do with the video but I'm able to like
put that aside for a second because it's
like no Phil you know you're right you
brought in all new people who are
fantastic in their own ways and source
vents were nerd like went up an average
of seven million views a month or if
it's on my videos and I pronounced
something wrong like 600 fucking
comments on this one thing we're people
trying to correct the smallest things
that I'm just like I just why is it like
comments in the first two hours so it's
not like new people the only thing that
redeems it all for me is then meeting
the people that aren't leaving those
comments in person at like the live
shows are at VidCon coming up but
instead of letting that negativity sit
on me and just make me burn out I take
it and go well what do I want to do
that's different or what do I want to do
that's new and also how do I want to
block out the stupid annoying shit in my
daily routine so it's generally more
enjoyable the main thing here and and
with depression and all the other things
will probably cover today is is it's
good that you are aware of it you are
feeling the way you're feeling for a
reason don't hit the off button change a
channel and see if you like it might
have to channel sir for a bit but you
will find something even if it's just
for a little bit so you move to the next
thing
shared leader asked who do you go to for
advice when you need it you know when I
think about it I really don't have a
person which I'm kind of disappointed
about now that I
come on but I think that it's just
because the people that do often give me
advice I don't want advice from or they
have like a completely different view of
who I am than I really am like for
example I love my dad a lot of the good
things about me were things that he
taught me as a kid but for the longest
time every time I would talk to him it
would be something about like stop
spending your money and stop doing drugs
and I'm like I'm not spending my money
and I'm not doing drugs it's more of
just him remembering how he was at my
age because I'm a generally boring
person I'm not taking weekend trips to
Mexico I'm investing in a house I'm
investing in family life I don't think I
really know that many people that know
me I think really the only person that I
can think of with it actually it's
probably Lindsay that's of course what
happens when you're with someone for at
least seven years and she lets me know
like if I need to just like just stop
doing something or take a break or maybe
try this in a different way and I don't
want it to come off like this is like I
know best blah blah blah just a matter
of I very rarely ever took anyone's
advice I look to those that were more
successful or or had the kind of life
that I wanted and I looked at how they
did how they handled or mishandled the
failures that they had on their way to
success I think maybe that's the biggest
teacher in my life or the advisor in my
life is history Jose Moore on Facebook
asks about four weeks ago my girlfriend
of two years told me she wanted a break
not isn't breaking up just a little
breather he said that she was still in
love with me and that we would still be
together
apparently she ended things with me
during our break and got with a friend
of mine during our break he then broke
up with me this past Monday giving no
explanation I'm still in love with her
despite of all this and I'm having
thoughts of suicide what do I do
first off I would say I want to say that
suicide is never the answer I know that
people ran to let off but it's true
unless you're like 85 and you have like
cancer you're in pain every day know
what you're feeling now is like you've
lost your everything but that's not the
case the brain is telling you it is but
it's not
I moves on as long as you are aware that
what you're feeling is temporary it will
eventually go away into this very small
ball of almost nothing ventually you'll
feel like things are getting better and
at some point you might jump into
another relationship and you should
be aware that there is a risk that all
of this could happen again but that is
also what makes a relationship special
to people that do not have to be
together but like to be together want to
continue to be together
you'll also find most the time the way
people hurt us in our lives is rarely
about us and more about them the thing
we need to remember in these times is to
never take this negativity to self harm
but to self-improve what most people
don't realize is that the removal of
someone they thought they cared about
that that did not feel it back is
already an improvement and we all create
this little man to size version of the
person that did this that's not true
that's not the real story so the main
point to Jose and people that feel like
this one hurting yourself is never the
answer it's never too late to know that
know that life has its ups and downs the
bruises are what make the good days so
much better a nation I think that's
where I want to end today's Q&A video I
hope you found some of the information
interesting stupid enough to inspire or
something that's it I hope you have an
awesome Wednesday make sure you check
out the Wednesday PDS as well and I will
see you soon
