previously under Franco Zaragoza Steve
Zaragoza takes over the business he goes
out on maternity he creates a whole new
division of DeFranco and call DeFranco
Zaragoza let's see what that old rascal
Steve's up to now what's up guys Steve
Zaragoza here I am in the defranco
Zaragoza office where most of the
defranco Zaragoza planning goes down
it's been a good past couple of weeks
since the franco Zaragoza went off the
ground no one wants to officially
recognize it as a legitimate company but
I believe this sign speaks for itself I
mean look you ever heard the expression
when the cat's away the mice will play
that basically means when the big cat is
out the mice get to run around and eat
cheese and crumbs I think it's time to
shift some interests shifts a shift
creativity to defranco's there goes
someone go recruit some people in the
building see if they'll come work in my
offices so you can get some real work
done for a damn change
oh and perfect hey will how you doing
buddy what you up to Tom how you doing
man hey I'm busy uh yeah dude I got
stuff I gotta find stuff oh well listen
that's not important right now because I
want to give you a business proposition
I want to ask you huh
if perhaps if you can start we're doing
for a second you put your phone away
Thanks so really quick like basically
what I'm doing here is I'm starting a
new company
a company within the company a lot of
stuff now I've got a real important
thing to say to you I'm something okay
sorry what I need you to do okay how
would you like to come I feel like
you're not listening I want to explain
to you and possibly propose the idea
potentially joining my company DeFranco
Zaragoza everything's gonna be more
compartmentalize it's gonna be better
for you
obviously there won't be any pain
whatsoever I don't see any reason for
there to be pay ever really it's gonna
be a good thing you seem like you're not
really focused right now I'm focused
I heard DeFranco Zaragoza I like it it
rolls off the tongue good we're gonna be
showcasing the best entertainment money
can buy and now none of that money will
go to my coworkers none of that money
will be seen by anyone under me but
there will be money
would it be a chance to expand my
program I'd like to say that there will
be but there probably won't I'm one of
my policies is I'd like to be upfront
with people I like to not lie at all
where the chances of me getting fired
uh let's slim to none more likely will
be at some point this is something you
joined maybe here no fucking I think
this business is going to go places I
think that this is going to be a
successful business I'm not sure what
exactly does we do I'm not sure exactly
if it's legal
all right so essentially what I want to
do is I know it's kind of a small office
I want you to forget about that and
essentially just bring up as many boxes
as you can I don't care if they're full
I don't care what they have in them I
just want you to just pile like stack
stack stack stack a little with the
ceiling that makes sense so yeah okay
yep all right
I'm not sure where the money's coming
from I don't know how long you should
boil an egg before it's hard boil um who
invented the chute you know these are
all things that puzzle me
good guess sack stack up excuse me sir
sir would you join defranco's there goes
up
great I told him like three times man
like I want no boxes in my room Joey you
know it's a small office what you know
this place is already cluttered up with
stuff I'm working on it and I told them
you know I get a real simple task
that's like nobody's listening to me
it's like goes in one ear out the other
there's a line out the door essentially
or people that want to work here I have
a feeling the next time you guys come
around not only will I be able to answer
many of those questions but I think that
we're going to see some real progress
here at DeFranco Zaragoza I think you
can see that we are the top of our class
Oh
