nation it is Wednesday I'm about to film
the Philip DeFranco show but before we
do that I want to do a Q&A vlogedy here
on the vlogedy repeat self repeat sell
today just for funsies I said you don't
ask me a question but ask me a question
maybe you consider rude in poor taste
you didn't want to ask because you might
think that I would get angry just for
funsies and maybe I'm tired enough to
slip up and say something I regret we
shall see but before we jump into that I
do want to thank the sponsor of today's
Lobby dollarshaveclub.com / Billy Dee
it's out of my life where I forget
pretty much to do and buy and get
anything properly and I'm always tired
it's nice to know I can have my
fantastic quality razor delivered to my
house every single month on the cheap
it's lovely
also I notice a lot of ladies from the
nation saying they got it and they love
it too I didn't know that that said
let's jump into the questions and the
first ones come from Twitter
Courtney asks tits or ass ass 24/7 365
yes I do I do in fact also like zip
boobies but I just I really there's
something about booty most of the ladies
I talk to when they talk about guys they
talk about booty while they think they
are they are not as in love with booty
like I am some days like today hump day
I can just go to the Chive and just
stare and just be for a moment just
happier and for no reason get blackout
for five minutes and the caveman part of
my brain is satisfied and I can go like
back to do normal things at the end of
the day the questions really like do we
like peach or ice cream I love both of
them I just you know I would rather have
one more than the other if I had to
choose Sean riddle II asked how the fuck
do you manage it all I don't stuff
definitely does slip through the cracks
with me luckily I have hired awesome
people and have awesome people in my
life that helped me out and take control
of things that I cannot manage on my own
and it's a big thing in my life and I
think in other people's life you cannot
handle everything have health have good
people around you at least try to that's
the only way I don't put a bullet in my
head in the morning are you so weird I
think probably like a lot of people in
my position I had a mixture of a half
decent decent moments of my childhood
kind of childhood along with a very
mental and physical abuse II type
childhood so the world was kind of this
hypocritical we
raus shitty place that I kinda had to
make fun of so I didn't hate everything
so I guess that paired with me really
not having any filter whatsoever except
the things I legally can't talk about
how much sex is too much sex yes I would
relate to the two people but I say if it
starts to chafe take a break and Esteban
who asked how's your sex life I will
answer that by saying I had a pregnant
fiancee for several months now I have a
new mommy at home that is healing so
right now my most significant
relationship is probably with the hand
holding this camera I'm really at the
point I think I could win a statewide
arm wrestling competition then we kind
of have a mixture of two questions ray
how much does your company make each
year off ads and Athena how much money
do you make from youtube I was thinking
how to answer this without breaking
contracts and blah blah blah and doing
everything legally so I mean I'm still
probably gonna get a phone call but
prior to my deal with discovery the
company brought in seven figures a year
I paid myself let's say a salary close
to what a physician make because I've
always been about reinvesting into the
company and the space in general in the
company was acquired by discovery and as
long as I don't have Shaytards amount of
children I should probably be good for a
very very very very long time and in my
current state I can't talk about how I
get paid now so I know that answered one
question and kinda sorta answered the
other one but also my numbers may not be
similar to other youtubers who do let's
say less sponsorships because you can be
a successful youtuber on YouTube just
with Adsense we can't be a successful
businessman running a company with just
Adsense would fail from years ago love /
hate the success of fill today as being
successful change your view on success
and those with it I wouldn't say it has
changed my view of success I still have
the equal disdain that I used to have
for people that are just handed things
in life but I have learned not all of
them are the worst people in the world I
think the feel from a long time ago
would be happy with the success I had
today although I do enjoy what I have
here there is a small part of my brain
that's like maybe five years from now
I'll have a business that never grows
bigger than like four people that also
might be because I want to focus more on
myself
Linsey Trey when you and Linz get
married will there be a prenup yes 100%
there will be a prenup oh we've been in
agreement on this topic for about three
years no crazy cheating clauses and all
this fancy stuff just like literally
like if it gets to a point where like
these people want to split up this is
what happens it's sad to think about but
love is not what tumblr
it depicts you don't know what's gonna
happen and it makes me sad to even think
that it could happen I found in my life
that all of my relationships that are
good are good because we knew like why
we were in it and if unfortunately did
come to an end how you would actually
end it and separate business and
personal it's a smart thing to do nation
I think that's actually where I want to
end today if you want to ask questions
for the next Q&A video which will likely
be this next Wednesday even in the
comments down below go to twitter or
facebook using the hashtag ask to Franco
and maybe you get Pitt but until next
time I'm going to switch out of the
shirt because I have become increasingly
sweaty during this video and I'm gonna
go shoot the pds I love your faces and I
will see you soon
