okay we are live I don't know people
here is yet our friend Luke will let us
know as soon as possible
so while we wait for a bunch of people
to arrive to the live stream and hang
out with us for the next 20 minutes or
so I'm gonna explain exactly what we're
doing okay so as you guys can see we are
playing a giant Jenga game with two
teams we've got team team cool they've
been up since like 5:00 a.m. and we've
got tea salt and pepper
we got the salt and we got the pepper
this is an under underdog story for you
guys since you lost the twister game
last time but you're a team right so
real quick guys it's gonna be your
standard game of Jenga however there is
a twist we have a bowl here full of
disadvantages the disadvantages are
going to be things that the player must
do while their turn while they're making
their turn the disadvantages will be you
must make a turn while blindfolded you
must make a turn while on a hoverboard
you must make a turn while standing on
one leg there you go there it is and
then you also must make a turn while not
spilling this full cup of water or vodka
probably water
the losing team what happens to the
losing team guys so my money's on you
guys alright
don't lose and Danny's here hi which
team should go first
okay so mix mix up your hand in there
what do you got okay
we'll mix it up every time alright first
move blindfold is probably the safest
blindfold move is the first move okay
I'll allow two hands I'll allow two
hands you guys can keep talking not you
I'm saying maybe maybe encourage put it
put it back real intense real intense
first move guys here we go
you must make a parallel there you go oh
you're doing middle okay interesting
interesting all right all right cool
who's next
salt and pepper today that's right there
in the Sun all right wonderful let's mix
it up next time I'm not blaming you I'm
saying next time where does it got damn
calm down
thank you damn Brianna professional okay
so your whole move must be done one leg
look at that flamingo it's cool and
sturdy damn okay all right all right
well that's why you not supposed to look
what is it oh my god damn Zach gentlemen
who's your money on
I don't know because if I was playing
the hoverboard would have ended the game
well they're very equal it's like the
World Series right yeah she knows what
she's doing what are your hands doing
she's taking her time all right all
right
no helping no helping that's true that's
true
Breanna I'm Breanna I'm sorry that's the
second look you shot me so okay so we
got to pull that out for now we'll put
it back in after the next few turns
we're doing too many blindfolds what's
going through your mind right now talk
to me what's going through your mind
what what's going through my mind is all
right the game oh my god is that was now
remember remember you can opt to not do
your disadvantage but then yes you must
get tape it's on the face oh yeah I mean
figured I was gonna suggest the opposite
team has to apply
that's all right it's it's like Gaza you
play where it lands you great that's a
good job that was great all right Zach
what is it again okay all right let's do
one more
Jason shut up why cuz he said he's
waiting for me to not go over the tower
like I still and stoic he is potato one
leg right so make your move only on one
leg let's make sure yes dope and shoes
girl she's got the whole finger move oh
this is gonna be tough I think she spill
she puts a piece of tape on her face
that's a very good question we gonna you
know we gonna leave it on this table
okay
no no if you if you complete the move
without spilling it you're fine lefty
you're writing you guys have a new
shipper name by the way it's called
killer e you get this little complete
your move but you must apply tape to
your face
good strategy guys good strategy guys
tape is right here when he gets to she
just said most of them damage okay you
can leave one of them a little open so
pretty it looks like you're a hospital
patient I think we could put the
hoverboard or I'm sorry blindfold back
in we get the one leg swing go hmm very
zen next I swear to God if you get
hoverboard
no not there not there don't grow slower
whoa okay and you get a little handsy
you know he's real quick with the
hoverboard no he's making okay it's the
slow it's a slow burn you know okay it's
the product the toughest right right you
have to hold it while you'd make your
move
I think whatever you want I think so
what's going through mine right now
Hillary your focus right yeah yeah she
ain't even looking it's the fucking
heater thing you gave me actually I
thought no yeah yeah the heat the heater
he's right here maybe Apple is alive and
well and present should went left right
oh my god Hillary look at this they're
all cheering you on Hillary
he's got potato in your face and then
and then finish your move
oh if you fuck up the game's over
I think your moves completes the way
that's the newest on the team
thanks ocean Omega no this is on you you
trained do it the world remembers oh
show people your training you just want
me to fail
I just want just to be exciting
I know I got to oh my gosh history's not
made by men who take the tape but by
women who take okay okay you got this
girl no you don't you want your right
hand free we decided guys in the chat
that for those not comfortable on a
hoverboard they're allowed to hold their
partner's hand first ability now I'm
nervous I know he is and I really
appreciate you
we got friends like these I know you
were right I know you were right what's
the name yeah
all right so for that now we're gonna
have to start timeing your turns cuz
we're
over 20 minutes okay yeah I'm not gonna
lie I can cheat because I have glasses
on I'm gonna do this alright thank you
okay just don't spaz and don't push your
heart and you don't want to move it over
forward all right next
everyone's taking the middle pieces look
at this weak-ass okay yeah we might have
to start into sudden death move what is
it
Keith that's not fair it's not fair this
is very easy once you get a hang of it
you guys got a start like sabotaging the
other team what the other side you can
come around yeah tape fingers someone
said
y'all are evil tendons are being pulled
hillary europe mix it up yeah I won't
fuck Hillary shit there he goes again
guys god I wish we had like intense
music for the kina Oh
take turns Ambria you're on that I do
you thinks gonna win this
don't spill it Hillary you never made
your move by the way you never made a
move said you have something on your
nose you taper up please all right who's
next
oh all right who's next one leg
wait before you touch it forming go
smoothly I'm even catch it it was so
quick next five dollars of that are you
lefty look at that damn you don't give
everybody gotta close their eyes
there's also you can put a rule where
they can only touch the Tyler twice
before making their choice oh yeah let's
tape him up and keep going yeah but
let's go across so like I took no no
Cole devatas nice thing about not
covering your lenses no continue but I
pay for - my eyes have a perm up right
there
they can only pick from rows that have
to you can't pick any more full right
well no you get the metal fall that's a
sudden I think who said just the lower
half lower not First Amendment to touch
rule II love you all so much
Zack's should get Zack accordion named
him penguin best of both worlds
Zack has a corgi personally I think
turns are gonna start turning into 30
seconds yeah I think 30 second turns
from this point forward one stack makes
his move hoverboard wait that's fair's
fair
oh there it is now the game is started
guys you now have and start it now
oh my god
oh my god with with the water damn
Hillary's the MVP al damn in 30 seconds
Brianna Europe okay once you are steady
we will start the clock let us know okay
Clark started Clark once you place it
you can you can put the water do you
have to worry about spilling someone
paper
where in your other piece of tape go
how's it going man please I originally
came in just to say do you print out a
piece of paper and then yes yes I do
every honest me
just oh wow Zach's face yeah alright
miss turn is it now all right what's the
super chat loop all right let's start
Danny start the timer Danny yeah I think
we're gonna go to ten seconds maybe
fifteen fifteen to fifty what is it
start it once he is in position okay now
go well since we had this advantages I
allowed them to use two hands especially
the black hole I mean maybe next time
you still have 15 seconds market yeah
still everything all right
Briona you're up once it tapes on your
face you get 15 seconds here we go all
right Oh hmm we might have to force the
hoverboard next time we're just taking
the tape now
oh my god wait wait wait wait for the
placement all right let's do 30 you did
it in 30 seconds last time started hold
on let's see let's see
now she's got a place tense in here all
right I think maybe just speed it up
well no I just think just play the game
now and see ya yeah well time the turns
no we gotta wrap this up yeah it's three
it's more than three okay next person
Christy oh my god
that can yeah can you see it's pressure
inducing three down okay just pull quick
like that like the table thing you can't
touch with the other hand alright you
gotta pull that piece she's so focused
oh my god next guys are the chat oh my
god
holy shit all right guys and starting
now come on Christy what's another okay
for now on all you can pick from the
bottom half blow this you guys keep
thinking you're fucked and the game
keeps going I said the center but that's
fine she did it
this Jenga sets rigged alright the
lowest the lowest possible block must be
taken is that
yeah you're right you're right there's
no other blocky kinfolk unless it a
little fall I think she's got steady
hands if you can't make a move your team
loses money on Hillary so anxious making
me there's literally no block all right
let's count it down
no more centerpieces you'll be making
new rules every time it's my turn you
know what I said I forgot about that
you can purposely lose we tell her every
time what do you guys think what do you
guys think my
great-great-great-grandfather play
onehand wait
keep going just one handle what happens
oh we could do this if you guys cannot
finish the game everyone gets they all
want Hillary to be by one hand okay
listen to me I can't see what planning
in this connects move she's gonna end it
to win it
we are almost at an hour for this
livestream oh my god this is your job
you guys are real tired getting up
pretty early cleaning that way Hillary's
got her focused one jump together I'd
have to go again like wait it's just I
got a place it is not done one hand
just drop it you'll be fine get them oh
my god guys I tried to help you guys
she's been the most confident of all
people Christie I just want you to think
about the Penguins
you know everyone's into it guys with
the 7,000 viewers
oh no you got a middle piece don't just
go else just go would go elsewhere
there's definitely places down here you
can take a double could withstand you
got singles up there sorry
no look you guys have not used one hand
for many many turns I'm pointing to
Hillary Hillary earlier in the game I'm
saying earlier in point
I just don't want it to hit anyone else
Christy we are on a team and I am
helping my teammates this is what's
wrong with humanity guys this is a
social experiment we're gonna hit the
freakin seven-point-three we're gonna
round pieces guys they've been
practically playing the perfect people
are saying we got a tape thumbs tape
your thumbs down so you can't use I
think there's just gonna run out of
pieces okay you can only place middle
pieces from now on like once you put a
middle piece down then the next person
crosses and only puts middle pieces
I might be a little bit too late yeah
yes I did we do dance party on the next
move it can't you can't pull a middle
piece if it's a tie you and I get by
okay I'll do it
seven point five I mean you're still
against each other
if it turns out to be a tie we PI key
and look when there's no more mood if
you can't reach seven points wait are we
gonna are we gonna unite and make this
their problem yes okay how the
turntables fill no that's not it so we
can unite against an enemy easy look at
the teamwork people coming together
common goal someone make it fall so I
can pee someone said in the chat
okay I'm joking with you look Luke I'm
going to kill you notify me now you
gonna act like a bitch you gonna die
like a bitch I really do like no all
right here's the last move guys if they
can't do it on this one wow this was
dramatic pause now
Wow who wants to take over this will
turn with you this is tilt it up or down
no are we really gonna not knock over
the tower by the way one picture of it
why don't you come over here sure
this was a great 15-minute livestream
yeah 1 2 3 1 2 3 and shift 1 2 3 great
knock it over alright ok guys that's it
this is gonna wrap up our 15-minute live
stream where it was only 15 minutes our
winners here are both teams and the
losers of course
anyway guys say goodbye and we'll see
you next week
