it's nation last week that told you guys
to upload YouTube videos with the
hashtag to Franco kiss in the title so
that we could reenact one of your first
kisses just for funsies I'm a man of my
word so here it is I do very much
remember my first kiss with the girl by
the name of a nut mallu who I went to
music class with and I always thought
she was a really really creepy girl but
then after school ended after we
finished high school and we said our
goodbyes we met again by chance at a
jazz at the red sea jazz festival she
was there with her boyfriend and we kind
of hung out together the three of us I
really I really dug her boyfriend cool
guy and you know what but and I felt
attracted to her which was kind of weird
to me because again I always thought she
was very creepy and then like a half
years later I bump into him and I'm just
asking hey how's enough and he's like
now we're not together anymore and I'm
like oh really the next day I call her
I'm like I don't know what to say it
never has to grow on a date really and
I'm like hey what's up she's like do you
want to see something to do to do
something tomorrow yeah um basically we
we had a nice time doing what I've I
don't even remember and at the end of
that were in her room and I think I was
rubbing her feet or something and she
asked me uh I you know how how do you
think something about how do I think
it's going i'm like god i don't know i
i'm not sure how what is like what's
going what's the next thing that's gonna
happen she's like i'll show you and then
she just leans in and just kisses me and
I'm like oh my god I was 18 uh and I
think oh my god it finally happened
anyway that's my story of my first kiss
um I hope you enjoy thanks for watching
have an awesome life and so I hope you
enjoyed that weirdness we had a girl
that wanted to be the girl but then
we'll want it to be the girl zoe's we
just want
with it I really enjoyed this I want to
do another one if you have ever been in
a fight I want you to upload a youtube
video with the hashtag to Franco fight
and we might pick one and reenact it and
stuff also I know that some of you don't
have video cameras so if you want to
explain your first fight in the comments
down below maybe that'll be a part of it
that's set nation I hope you enjoyed the
weirdness as a philip defranco show up
later i'm gonna be streaming watch dogs
as well so go check out twitch.tv /
Franco games I might be up then words
stuff bye
