nation' it is Monday it's Memorial Day
which is why no one is in the office
anywhere except actually it's myself
will and Audrey will William Haynes if
you might have seen him from the vlogedy
and or SourceFed was awesome enough to
come in and edit the pds you lovely
people would get one but before I do not
only because they're our sponsor but I
do want to just mention to click it or
ticket it takes three seconds to do
seatbelts have saved people I love and
you are now one of the people I love and
I don't want you to die and or get a
crazy crazy ticket because you didn't do
something that helps you not die so I
did want to say that but in super turbo
mode let's try and catch her up a rate
right now help slash fitness I've been
doing couch to 5k for almost over five
weeks now I for the first time ran a
mile straight granted it took nine
minutes but it was a mile straight I was
so excited I think it's like the first
time I've ever been able to do that in
my entire life I'm terrified because
tomorrow I'm supposed to run for 20
minutes straight without dying I've also
been portioning my meals better and I've
dropped from 230 to 218 so far so not
nearly there but it's definitely a star
a betray has done the opposite as of
last week he was 12 pounds this Thursday
I don't even know what he's gonna be but
that's it's crazy it's it's you think of
like oh it's four pounds more than he
was at birth but that's 50% more baby
that's craziness he's sleeping through
the nights a little bit better too also
I apologize if you follow me on Twitter
Instagram or Facebook I know I can
sometimes be obnoxious with the baby
pictures but I don't know it so much
then what else I don't have a movie
review show anymore maybe we'll bring it
back but I have seen two movies recently
Godzilla it got a little bit beat up
here there but what I decided the reason
I want to do movie reviews every now and
then is just I'm a person that goes to
the theater to enjoy it I know that
movies are an art form and should be
critiqued in blah blah blah but I just
when I spend like more than ten dollars
I just really really want to enjoy
myself like Godzilla it had its faults
here there but I enjoyed it and people
can argue like there wasn't enough
Godzilla blah blah blah I think because
you got to wait for it and be excited
for and you were anticipating and then
it was actually really really good
that's why I liked and even though there
were cheeseball moments and you're like
there's no way that thing would have
happened it was fun same thing with
x-men even though
is a different beast altogether and was
far more enjoyable like if you have not
seen the movie I think a good number of
people would agree that it's worth it
for like two scenes all the scenes with
blink fighting oh my god badass and
easily one of the best moments in any
superhero movie ever Quicksilver I
wasn't expecting Quicksilver to be so
awesome but there's this like 90 second
scene which is just mind-blowing
after all those burger commercials I
thought Quicksilver was gonna suck
awesome then video game wise I haven't
been able to play video games as much
because I feel guilty when there's a
baby in the other room but I did finally
get some time I played Wolfenstein the
new order really really fun first-person
shooter those are the story great it's
obvious that they're trying to tell you
your heartstrings but they properly tug
at your heartstrings a little bit on the
easy side so you should crank up that
difficulty and it's really just a rental
because there's not a lot of
replayability even though there's two
different timelines and season 2 episode
3 of The Walking Dead game I finally got
around to that solver did I swear
telltale just knows how to like end each
episode and I just got watchdogs which I
would be streaming today but twitch has
a thing all over their site that maybe
you get smacked in the face with a big
giant band pianist if you play so I'm
just gonna I'm gonna wait I'll probably
stream some stuff tomorrow at twitch TV
slash DeFranco games so come hang out
and actually if you don't want to wait
for the live stream to hang out I
brought back sourcefed.com slash talk
which is a big forum where a lot of
people from the nation hang out they
chat they play stupid games I'm in there
as well when I just want a burn time so
there's that I'm also get Lindsay a
camera so you can get some more
real-life vlogging from the point of
view of the really the parent that's
doing most of the work kind of feel like
a cheerleader with some responsibilities
at this point that said nation I'm out I
love yo faces I hope you have a good
rest of your Monday and or Tuesday or
whenever you watch this video I love you
again
I love you one more time I don't love
you anymore it's over the video that is
