yes I did oh my god little Tweety
he's probably 11 really be 11 years old
some great Lebanese old it's just time
he's like three sir hair elantra oh we
gotta we're gonna have to get it cut so
soon because he's gonna be with a full
on oh oh like a live baby can I make a
soup out of your baby the rice paper
wrapper in a little spring roll egg yeah
today we're learning how to cook baby no
no no yes my cook she named Connell and
take care of put in a nice chicken broth
with a little bit of garlic tomatoes
potato leek what can you tell me how
babies are made
- oh I love each other very much Lee and
I decide that they want to go to an
adoption so I can finally get the job
done so then they get pre-approved food
like you know what about where the
baby's gonna stay its I'm coming
and where the night were mentally stable
well that was a hard one of the robot
yeah um and then uh 18 to 5 years later
15 months to five years later Liam
we might get approved or you just go to
China and get one nope nope little girl
before I didn't feel a fart but I'm
excited I love this like the diaper junk
is the fun oh yeah sick man just looks
like a massive peasants diaper truck it
looks like he's doing like yeah he's
like oh I'm shopping robot Google violin
little violin violin yeah yeah is it
look bad like what weird people were you
left and handle my ass I'm weird and
everyone look break it like you or maybe
photos you're like oh touch - holding
it's all mustaches and weird plus yeah
my mouth well don't you have a beer well
yeah watch those commies so you guys
aren't doing they dip the pacifier and
whisky to put them to sleep thing not
every day okay listen to his little
releases the bad dream
there's no rule we anyway Tricia's over
he's earned like an overdrive otogi they
fell out earlier because ten of you Trey
ten of you it was all gravy goes look at
you really can just a nice little prayer
to take and I'm baby no no no oh my god
no really is enough to grow like that
another human on your egg but at least
we know it's bills kid
oh yeah cuz I girls out of every angle
and does like it was like us he looks
like a little man because that hair it
looks a really your baby to pain oh my
God where did you find your baby cheap a
we've been looking for hours cuz of ball
loose piercing Diana Manuel you have a
slight hollandaise sauce with a bit of
baby I think we better let Lee get lunch
soon I'll tell you what else do you what
what do you no one comes to my house
that's amazing my life what addition
what's really happening over here is you
know you're not allowed if I'm like 25
feet of it I mean the news calling me
out really I'm he's got papers he's
because I mean yeah that roof this has
been a better way to say that if there
any chance
care to share a leg or a wing with me
mom these are Pierce's ears tomorrow
okay great how else do we know it was
cool face tattoo right or the knot here
and a solid diamond well will happen
it's not gonna come off not creepy still
pretty sure a little bit of nozzles our
tendency is to it guys I'm right about
this so I'm a baby you're not me I'm a
baby hey kids hey you hey I'm here yeah
I like it
yeah bit hey for there when you're
filthy all the way hey oh boy hey if I
could rearrange the alphabet I'd put U
and I don't you look at that 1% and 2%
you got an overseas I'm gonna find out
little bit
Oh what oh come we're going to my house
we're coming my husband tell me tell him
me trade to Franco tip your hat to you
man
like this popping as I was no no no
please trying to seduce you
Wow Wow
