nation I hope you have an awesome
Wednesday I'm taking a break from the
Philip DeFranco show because I want to
make this Q a vlog because it is what's
up Wednesday and of course where you
guys leave me questions on YouTube
Facebook Twitter I then try to answer
them in a non stupid way or sometimes a
hilariously stupid way on accident
because I'm stupid and before we start I
want to let you guys know that today is
brought to you by click it or ticket we
talked about it on Monday three seconds
is all it takes to put on a seatbelt and
so much can happen so much can be
prevented life happens every three
seconds and it's important and I
understood how much of a big deal it is
that like this campaign is even a thing
cuz I saw one comment it would blew my
mind someone is like Phil I don't need
to wear a seatbelt
I don't text and drive I'm a safe drug
that you realize it's not like both
people in car accidents are usually at
fault it's usually one person like no
one's blaming the kids that are driving
around at 8 o'clock at night when a
drunk driver swerves into them sibo is
like the real-life embodiment of
something that I really believe which is
hopefully you don't need it but you wear
cuz there are stupid people at least
that's the way I see but that said let's
jump into the first question
hi Philip franco my name is jane garcia
from las vegas nevada and i have a
question for you today um I thought of
you because I got Firehouse Subs today
so um I was wondering um what do you
always get from firehouse and how did
you get introduced to firehouse one
Danielle do you work for Firehouse Subs
is that why you asked this question and
- I am oddly passionate about like a few
random things and one of it is actually
firehouse up I've driven three hours coz
of traffic to a location and then three
hours back luckily they have built
locations close to me it is my favorite
sandwich place when I get really
randomly angry when people tell me their
favorite sandwich place is it's not even
really angry at this point I'm just like
you must not have been to other sandwich
places if someone tells me like their
favorite place is subway like if you say
like Jimmy John's or like some shit like
that like I'm like okay look you've gone
to other places and you have like you
have your thing there my favorite thing
to get at Firehouse Subs and it's the
only thing I tell people to get because
I don't actually know if the rest of
Firehouse Subs is good is a fully
involved it
a lien I get my mouth like starts to
water when I think about it's my
favorite favorite sandwich that's ever
existed in the world ever and there is
your answer to a very odd question Amy
Joe asks Phil what is a big difference
between men and women you've noticed Amy
Chawla thank you for asking me a
question that makes it super simple for
me to possibly alienate 40% of my
audience no matter what I say I was
actually thinking about this morning
there are many differences between men
and women and many similarities but
something I've noticed is that when a
woman tells you that she's never done
something before it is true 7 percent of
the time I've never done this that is
that is probably a lie but the fact that
you're willing just like to preface
everything with a lie lets me know that
it's so dirty nasty that it's probably
gonna be awesome men on the other hand
are completely different if a man has
told you that he has not done something
he is opening his soul to you because
when a man says that he has done
something that is true 7 percent of the
time I've totally done that it's yeah
I'm an expert I got a I got a badge in a
deep vagina massages I'm not officially
an expert but you know I'm like an
expert hobbyist in it so that's a
difference I've noticed between men and
women the similarity there of course is
everyone lies logan asks any special
plans for VidCon well I'm definitely I'm
definitely definitely going the
SourceFed crew is definitely going I
know we're going to do a panel Q&A for
myself and then a separate one for
SourceFed because there are so many guys
over there and there's just one of me so
I'll probably moderate their panel then
I believe I'm on three panels that's all
being finalized now I might go down to
two and then the thing that I'm really
excited about we haven't even even
really started organizing it and it's
like we're starting it this week is
planning out this year's giant game
and tournament of ninja last year's was
crazy we have like 600 plus people there
was it was an awesome awesome time an
awesome final round I feel like the more
that we do it the more people actually
learn the rules and they practice and
then I'm just I'm losing now used to win
the thing every year and I came in
fourth place I think last year and then
the rest is just gonna be run around
meeting people having fun everything
you've been you know there's that big
central area that's fun and like the
live shows a difference though between
this year and last year is that we're
not gonna have the two booths in the
middle of the floor were you know we
were doing the live shows and selling
merch we still might sell merch but
it'll just probably be through bit it's
more of I don't want to be on the clock
I don't want my guys to have to be on
the clock I want them to be able to
experience VidCon like real youtubers
mr. coconut asked could you tell that
YouTube was gonna be a big thing from
the get-go no not really a big video for
me back in the day was 10,000 views to
even think that I would make videos that
would be seen by like several million
people and hundreds of thousands of
people on a regular basis no and a big
part of that is I didn't come from an
entertainment background I wanted to be
in the medical field and then I realized
I was terrible at that but for some
reason people kind of enjoyed when I
opened my mouth and said words some
people were also infuriated every time I
did that but they also came back all the
time and it's because of that big
unknown that I always like I keep an
open mind when anything comes around
like buying it's like will that last
will it still be super popular a lot of
people are like all there's no future in
that I think there might be i 100% think
there might be it but it's hard to say
because everything's moving so fast and
I don't know I mean a lot of those guys
they weren't around a year ago and
they're massive there are men a lot of
youtubers right now but also it's very
interesting to see the differences
between those audiences some people have
tried to take vine people and move them
over YouTube very unsuccessfully but
they have been able to get vine people
to massively follow them on Twitter and
on Instagram on really just these these
very phone centered things so you know
is it is it two different things I don't
know is it gonna be successful a few
years I don't know a lot I think as long
as the people that are on that platform
that are big and that are continuing to
not only just kind of keep the
same people at the top but bring up new
guys and there is like a healthy
ecosystem I think 100% it could be a big
thing I know that's that's stemming away
from the question but it ultimately
boils down to that how can you know from
the beginning it can do you consider
yourself a good boyfriend fiancee / I
don't know yes I do I do consider myself
that way Lindsay's obviously the the
real person I can answer that question
but I feel like throughout the entire
relationship through all the the changes
everyone in a relationship has I've
always been very supportive same deal of
when I find a weakness in myself as far
as like in the relationship I always try
and get better I always try and think
what the other person is thinking and
ultimately it's about respect being
honest and being kind of on the same
page like if I'm angry at Lindsey I
gotta be like yo to preface what I'm
about to say I'm not really thinking
100% clearly because my emotions are
getting into the way but this is pissing
me off and it's only like 30 percent you
with 70 percent me but this is maybe how
I'd like to be handled and also being
smart enough to realize that like not
everything is worth arguing about like
if she takes up a bunch of your sink
space move it and not in like a
passive-aggressive I threw everything
into your sink quick I mean I've been
with Lindsey a million years now we have
a baby this is a dynasty got to make
smart moves through Blaser asks what is
the best life advice you've ever
received here's the deal
I don't know half the time if I actually
got life advice or some things in my
head or is like a stupid tweet or
something
my biggest thing in the world and it
feels appropriate to say while
everyone's kind of going through their
whole finals and all that business is is
you are stressed now you're going to get
through it you're gonna learn something
from it and that's okay okay you're
gonna fail a shit-ton you might be one
of those lucky people that has succeeded
and succeeded and succeeded but
something is eventually going to hit you
and last year the point zero zero zero
zero one percent so you got to
understand that it's always good to
strive for the best and hope for the
best and try new things and be
completely comfortable when your whole
world gets fucked and it doesn't feel
comfortable at all so the biggest thing
where you are now the challenges that
you're facing now are not the rest of
your life they will always feel like it
because you have this one-track mind
possibly
what your future and your life is
supposed to be but it's not things are
not always going to go to your way so
feel comfortable with failing before
YouTube I failed
tons of times I started businesses
failed tons of times I tried new
relationships failed tons of times I got
new friends and we were like the best of
friends
failed tons of times its life it's ever
changing feel comfortable in knowing
that much of it will be uncomfortable
and then move forward because tomorrow
is a different better day it's not magic
it doesn't just get better like all
those stupid videos say you hope it does
you stay true to yourself you try to
surround yourself with people that don't
tear you down because of their own
stupid bullshit and you give yourself
the best odds because I worked for where
I am today but it's also a matter of
circumstance and where I was and luck
and just and and some fantastic people I
rolled around after I rolled around a
bunch of shitty Pete and I think
ultimately that's the best advice that
I've ever been told or I've ever kind of
told myself and that's because in any
avenue of life it ultimately comes down
to failure and success in some way or
the other so if you can take this kind
of thing and put it anywhere in your
life and take kind of a snapshot of it
hopefully it's not one of those things
that someone just says and you feel
better but something you can actually
throw and thrust into your life to make
it better
and on that note I think that's the end
of this Q&A video nation if you if you
like this and you want to ask me other
questions about anything leave them in
the comments down below if you want to
leave a comment about what you thought
about anything I said leave it down
below if you want to send in a video
response so you can be our video
question next week send a video to
youtube send a video upload a video to
youtube
use the hashtag ask the franco pat
nation that is it I'm gonna go film the
rest of the philip defranco show which
will be up in an hour - after this video
so if you click one of the lengthy links
around me but if you don't either way I
love your face we'll talk to you soon
