nation I hope you haven't an awesome
Tuesday I'm sitting in here I'm bouncing
between a PDS stuff source but stuff
bunch of stuff but what I wanted to talk
about today was first kisses if you went
to DeFranco does La there is a reason
why first kisses is on my mind and you
know what it is but I want to talk about
mine I didn't talk about it there and I
wanted to find out what other peoples
were so mine was I was I was a sophomore
in high school she was a freshman I was
really into this girl I've been talking
to her for awhile and school ended I'm
talking to her by the locker I'm just
still I'm just staying at school I
completely I have no game plan
whatsoever I miss my bus my only ride
home I'm like this is happening today
and we're at the loggers song for 35
minutes and then we kiss in the way that
we're making out with tongue and it's
like oh my god this is happening it's
awesome am i doing it right I think I'm
doing it right don't overthink it Phil
don't overthink it and we finish I'm
like I'll see you later dead dirt dirt
and I have to call my buddy to pick me
up from school uh but I'm like I feel
like a champion until the next day I go
to school and I find out she told
everyone I kissed like a jackhammer um
and I was a year ahead so I'm like a 15
year old boy who opened himself up to
someone and then just got smacked in the
face and that was one of the first times
in my life I found my vengeful side
because I set on this like two three
month thing where I like just start
talking to her best friend I started
dating her best friend and it was
terrible like she was a nice girl and I
kind of liked her but it was all to get
back at this girl and on the last day of
school I just remember this cuz it's so
mean I I just I break up with that one
girl I start hitting on this other girl
so she feels like special that I'm like
leaving this other girl and we're at
those lockers again and we we kiss and
we make out and and like I feel like
I've gotten all this practice with this
this other girl that I've been dating
and when we finish I go you fucking suck
at kissing and I walk away and like
that's for me in my head at that point
in my life that was like the movie ended
credits roll fill win
even though not really at all it was
just kind of kind of a mean dick thing
to do but it felt like I was no longer
the victim in that situation and so
that's that's what I remember from my
first time as far as like kiss I never
remember who the girl was
I don't remember her name at all I don't
like even even the girl I lost my
virginity to which is a different
question I don't remember I remember she
had red hair it was my first time it was
her first time that week and it was just
awkward but the lesson we learned with
both of these things it always gets
better as long as you keep trying and
trying it's fun the first time I ever
kissed with a toilet I was in high
school and there was this girl named
Mary we went to the movies and so we're
sitting there watching the movie kind of
like do do like this thing put the hand
on the leg type situation and we pushed
the little armrest up so a little closer
to each other she's chewing gum and
she's like hey if you want like gum okay
it was like oh this is weird I was like
um okay and I go over with my hand and
get it out and she puts my hand down and
then we go in for the kiss that was my
first like tongue kiss then I got her
gum but that yeah dude it's still have
flavor it did still have flavor so that
was the plus do you want my gum okay
sure I'll take you go no give me your
lips I wasn't okay I kept my eyes
like that um yeah I just kept saying
when I go oh yeah you kids Capone my
first kiss I was at a donut shop we were
standing outside
Sheila you know you were my first kiss I
cherish that moment you know it wasn't
there was no tongue cuz I didn't know
what I was doing I still don't can you
teach me yeah Audrey what was your first
kiss like when I was six years old I was
in primary school in England and I was
leaving to move to America there was a
very cute other six-year-old named
Thomas and I told him but even though I
was leaving for America I would come
back for him so I ran over at him and I
gave him a big old kiss you turned right
red and he was very embarrassed in the
whole class like this kids are dicks and
then you went to go have biscuits with
the Queen Mum and then you flew up on
first a hundred can you give us a little
bit of your English accent you don't
some tea I'm Mikey I'm from a small
island James what was your first kiss
third grade I snuck out of class I was
in second grade I said I was being
called down to the principal's office
went to her classroom right knocked on
the door said excuse me principal wants
me to get what's her name Nicole and
walk her down to the principal's office
as I was doing that I gave her
Valentine's Day card and said would you
like kiss then I kissed her and then I
got in trouble
Gerry kiss her again no her mother then
moved her away
she disappeared I went to her house and
the house was empty
I'm gonna go definitely it goes I was 17
years old and I was hanging out with
this girl and we went to the donut store
didn't Darren say his first kiss was in
a donut shop - yeah really
Oh because we're asking about brothers
oh is it yeah
Aurelius stealing Darren's stories no
I'm stealing they're in stories in live
right we'll ever kissed a woman
performing we don't need to talk about
this one can we can talk about it
afterwards we were like sitting really
close to each other and I was like this
is great she was like hey don't you like
him when we find an email and I was like
and we talked about a couple times and
out then we were going fish bases and
then she like leaned into my face I was
oh yeah and I just like laying into her
face and I'm sure it was the worst thing
cuz I know the kiss you'd be like how a
good person should be kissing up and
I'll be me okay I didn't realize you
were supposed to kiss my tongue until
like a couple months ago well you don't
want to just Ram the tongue in there you
want to like kind of ease it in okay so
what you want to do is wet your lips
like this distribute that moisture all
around her lips and then you just oh I
can't breathe women love my kisses some
women I've kissed as many as three
hundred times in you which one
yeah but it happened my first kiss with
whilst camping I was at the Philadelphia
Folk Festival they spoke to the festival
he's my left-aligned named Tommy who's
two years younger than me I was 14 when
he was 12 is that creepy
how do you think he was into it okay
yeah family like long distance dated for
a little bit after the past was over I
had a girl next door
our sisters dared us to kiss so we went
behind some bushes
I was like oh no I don't know and she's
like that's just do it she had bylines
with one on me oh and then we turned
around on both of our sisters we're
standing around the corner but oh my god
again and I was like no I didn't know I
didn't can you guys kiss just to show
the audience at home what kissing is
like yeah I mean like let's do it please
please please please please
this is Tim's girl no Kristi you don't
want to see this you don't want to see
this
wait it's not a big deal it's not video
we're going on ask people first kisses
they're both dating what was your first
kiss like with each other we were
hanging out in my place we just finished
watching a movie or something we're just
looking at each other and then I just
went for it it was bad it was really bad
I apparently just pushed my yeah it was
piling man I was pressing like really
yeah I couldn't breathe it was just dead
weight on my mouth and I kept thinking
like okay this is gonna end just get it
in and it didn't and I kind
a delay somehow push him off with me
without it being like dude you suck
my first kiss was interesting because
you might know who it is
yeah look together we did otherwise oh
cool neighbor it was with a lesbian
actually I was the cover up she was
already a lesbian she didn't become a
legend after no how was the kiss himself
was like wet was it dry it was a good
old fashioned tech shut up
can you do me a favor yes can both of
them kiss
see that's why I said depends right
after I said yes never felt so close to
the city I can't exactly 100% tell you
how it was I was fortunate enough to
have my first kid that let's spin the
bottle makeout party in fifth grade so
it was either Lisa Miranda
amber Lexie Lisa number 200 or Jamie it
was one of those six meets a number two
some hot but they were all one of my
first six but the first kid I remember
was Blaire Platt a junior high heat
group and I liked him so much and he had
the face that was the shape of a plate
he just had this like round plate face
I had a full cut and it was pretty great
and he went to kiss me like let's kiss
and he came at me with with his full
mouth open I'm like unhinged his jaw and
then just went for my face and then I
told my friend Sarah about where I was
like Sarah it was very and then we dated
for like a year first kisses everybody
there a big deal and some nation noses
some first kisses that were very
interesting it's very interesting to
watch Steve make out with puppets it's
not even the first time which is weird
but what I want you to do in the
comments down below is describe your
first kiss the situation was it good
what's bad what happened and if you want
you to make a video response of this and
described the incident using
the hashtag Franco kiss so he can find
it which was a video or a comment that
was left and we will make a recreation
of that kiss for you in the Tuesday vlog
just for you nation um
but guys I hope you have an awesome
Tuesday I love your faces if you ever
watched the Franco show or any of the
other stuff I've done be sure to do it
that's that I love you face back to work
breath
