I hope you have an awesome Monday for
this vlogedy I wanted to talk about
something that it's so surprising that
we even have to talk about it I was
talking to the National Highway Traffic
Safety Administration about click it or
ticket which of course is a campaign
which it boggles my mind there has to be
a campaign to tell people to buckle
their seatbelts because people still
don't I life has been preserved because
of seat belts Lindsay's life has been
preserved from a much worse accident
than mine because of a seatbelt so I'm
glad because of this campaign they're
out there in force just giving people
tickets for this because if you do not
wear your seatbelt I'm sorry but you're
stupid they talked about how it's
amazing that no one does it and it only
really takes three seconds and made me
think about that three seconds in your
whole life span is nothing but doing
something it could preserve your life it
could end your life it could make it
more anything and everything everything
we will experience everything we won't
experience can be in three seconds and
so I threw together this video of three
seconds here and there of all the little
and big things in my life because they
all amount to the same thing my life in
total because making and watching this
it really makes me think of how many of
these clips maybe I wouldn't have if I
didn't take a few seconds to buckle my
seatbelt or if Lindsey didn't or any of
the people in my life maybe this will
matter to like one or two people in the
most insignificant way in the back of
their head and at one point they do
something different that they would not
have done otherwise no that is a
terrible idea
I can really be doing tons of people
confuse this with mommy hey buddy hey
about to make a video you guys long time
no love ain't doing sorry I haven't
called in a while on the old laptop
checking out beef shoes this is the most
badass sure I've seen I'm not very into
small dogs normally
no not really not so much crap I don't
look like Jesus's Jesus if he had really
tired I can't do these yet once again
but one fully counts as a hit
any questions give a hoot don't or black
everywhere we don't have renter's
insurance maybe hit up the the beach the
lateness
don't like your face first
Joe's the best on three one two three
chill
USA
is there any way I can wear your
your stomach sticks out further than
your
I love
somebody that's heard your 9 pounds man
yeah love your faces and I'll see you
soon
