your body is 65% water and I'm thirsty
who said so you're gonna drink me early
it's a pick-up line that sounds like
murder it's a pickup if you drink 65% me
I die
it's a pets a lot of water you're
supposed to be probably drown okay whoa
whoa you're suppose to be my girlfriend
now yep
I'm your girlfriend now all right let's
see some better pickup lines we're here
Oh what is the best pick-up line you can
think of I'm so sweet
slugworth stole me that's with the one
go references you're all pregnant I
wanted to be funny or good but it's
literally just I just walked up and be
like hi I don't do this a lot but and it
would never work are you Irish because
my penis is Dublin tip that shirt is
very becoming on you of course if I was
on you I'd be coming to that's a dirty
one that one's a nasty on your legs tag
cuz you've been running through my mind
all day
are you hurt because you just fell down
from heaven with a photograph yeah or
like are you tired cuz you can run it
around my mind all day baby
how much does a polar bear weigh a lot I
don't know enough to break the ice
hey hey doing I'm Brian okay I like that
one hey baby
I'm like Altoids small white and
curiously strong are those space pants
cuz your ass looks out of this world or
how do you like your eggs fried or
fertilized did you just fart because if
so you owe me sex
don't just edit it so that's the only
part of the thing that I say cuz I
actually said some very like moving and
important see see any rats around here
no because of these pythons and it's
never were that do it for you it's never
worked I'm guessing let's pretend you
use the female in Sam's a man tell us
which one will work on you go ahead
saying I got a few and then I think of
women oh is this what you do you
approach them like this oh wait
crossword how do I went with my dad and
my brother we went fishing at one time I
believe we got a fish that was like this
big now like this big think about it now
is kind of more like this big sorry what
we have to think about is actually I
like this big and I about it yeah that
is that's assault
how much does a polar bear weigh enough
to break the ice I am Tom Perez Brian
just simply really Sam why don't you
come at me with your best pick-up line
and I will react as a woman with a 3m
okay hello miss
hi hello are you from Tennessee no well
you're the only 10 I see you same 10
like a 10 out of 10 so you're perfect
you're a dying piece no no she wouldn't
walk away my doctor says I need more
value oh why did you hate babe I hate it
I had a date rape class in High School
where they said girls in like an
all-girls high school but boy it puts
this handle and you don't want it there
you take his middle finger right back
back as hard as you can so that when
you're in court and the judge is trying
to say that you wanted the date right to
happen you would say this is a broken
finger look like foreplay to your honor
the more you know I don't date if this
is how I think I'd do it
hey there I like your glasses
I like your friend oh you're making
bread I need like a wingman right to be
playing it well can you be the wing I'm
all for your wingman my friend thinks
that you're a hot stuff and you so fine
you've been running through my mind all
day long
when do you think a pick-up line is
appropriate only time I pick a line ever
works is if the dude is incredibly
handsome yep hello it's much better than
most pickup lines I'll be honest
oh I just discovered something less you
know why don't you pick up one hey I
know you're here with your friends I
don't want to bug you I just want you
know I I think you're absolutely
gorgeous I noticed you from across the
bar I'll be over there
have a good night with your friends
using it and then they peace out there
have been times when I've been like okay
and then I'll talk to my friends and
then I'll kind of like you know give
them a little more eye contact than one
should then they come up again and you
have a nice conversation then in what
scenario would your Python pickup line
work new zookeepers
animal control or a rainforest cafe
house Slytherin snake handlers snake
charmers there we go
yeah snake charmer pick up line you get
all the snake charmers you want
