nice Sheen Edie's what's up wednesday
the day that I answer the questions you
throw at me as best I can felt like I
was in the middle of a sentence but that
was really the end of it hey I am
shooting on the scent of the philip
defranco show because I forgot the other
camera oh that said let's jump into the
questions you asked me on Twitter and
Facebook stoning Omer who asks do you
want to build a snowman or I guess it
would be do you want to build a snowman
my answer no I fucking don't this song
is quite overplayed won't you piss on
your grave and then I'll laugh now isn't
it funny that in this I beat up the song
with Joe it's not I actually I love the
song but I hate the song at the same
time and I kind of feel the same way
with movie I thoroughly enjoyed the
movie but with people saying that it's
better than the Lion King it makes me
angry I can't they just be two separate
good things yeah I do respect and kind
of love that you can make a cartoon
movie whose premise is really you don't
need no man and it could just sell
billions of dollars and why not I'm also
probably saying this because I don't
have a four-year-old daughter because
that girl would probably drive me insane
by playing the song over and over and we
have a video question from Michaela my
question to you is if you could only
pick three life lessons to pass on to
Trey what would they be real life
lessons this is hard i'm gonna try and
do it one always hope for the best in
people and in situations but always have
a good escape plan who always explore
try to find out more try to succeed in
any way you can emotionally and money
wise and whatever but be prepared to
fail and it's ok two and three do not
burn bridges unless absolutely necessary
I've burnt bridges in my life people
have burnt bridges to me in my life
whatever you're feeling eighty percent
of the time it is not worth it life is
long and the world is small Matt asks
what happened to Trey's earmuffs at the
Franco does la oh yeah I posted a
picture of him with the earmuffs on so
that people could clap and he was
completely fine with them until we got
to the actual venue and anytime we tried
to put the earmuffs on he would start
crying so we decided 86 the earmuffs
have him just come out while he was in
his half sleep and people
snap their fingers instead of cheering
but still super weird but hilarious and
then everyone cheered when he was
offstage if you and linds could live
anywhere where would it be well I know
for a fact that Lindsay would be
completely down with moving back to
Atlanta I on the other hand do not know
like a lot of the places on the east
coast I like it but only for a short
period of time I've kind of been
pampered for the past four years of just
like pretty much perfect weather all the
time but I could live anywhere and you
know and I'm just understanding that the
weather is not gonna be the happiest and
coover Dublin London jomas asks what
matter most chief trays intelligences
popularity his attitude or his epaulet
asst ism I think the order would go
intelligence attitude athleticism
popularity it's just so hard to fix
ignorant and stupid arriola ask Kate
Upton verse Beyonce pick your lovely
lady of the forever I'm gonna go with a
neither if you've ever heard Kate Upton
talk and sir Beyonce apparently doesn't
fight for her man so 3 i'm replacing her
with kelly rowland i picked kelly
rowland she is all kinds of smexy
Dorothy Maria's will you and linds get
married as soon as the baby weight is
off we're wait until tray is a little
older we and I used that in the Royal
sense it's really just Lindsay is
currently looking at venues that's a
process that is now starting that I am
very supportive of and will give input
on my point of view is that's Lindsay's
feel like a princess today and when she
needs me for stuff i'll be there Harley
McRae says how do you get over girls no
no what I'm kind of just numbs
everything I was in high school and
early college I was a huge emotional
bitch really was and to top it off I was
also the kind of the jealous type is
really non attractive trait regardless
of the hard time in your life whatever
short or long it is it really can just
be a chapter in your life rather than
the general feel of the entire thing
even though as human beings we live in
the now and the things that we lost and
I'm not gonna preach that things get
better bullshit things can get better
but most the time you have to want them
Joanna van Zeller says what do you think
of John's video of nerdfighteria feeling
disconnected you feel that way about the
nation so joanna is referring to john
green of course of the amazing vlog
brothers sue tubers that I both enjoy
as a viewer but also juices people I
love those guys and in the video joanna
is referencing John talks about being on
tour for the fault in our stars is in
these press meet and greets which by the
way John I'm emailing you right now i'm
sorry i didn't go to MIT on the bay
because i've knowed I've been able to do
that for like the first six months so
that it was hard to make a connection
with anyone he was talking to because
you have to talk through five minutes of
pretty much the same questions and then
he was on a red carpet and he's wanting
to have conversations but he's being
pushed along he's just kind of signing
signatures and then he's talking to
another camera and there is kind of this
disconnect this man and a bubble that's
constantly being moved preventing him
from ever having any roots of any sort
in any conversation and ya can kind of
feel alone but if in that video he talks
about the disconnect also then becoming
connected because there was this human
thing that tied everyone together and in
that way yes I relate to i constantly
feel connected with people on a
one-on-one level and then completely
disconnected or sometimes this weird
internet thing has made me feel very
very special and there the other times I
just it feels shitty and kind of what i
always say except the number does change
from time to time is i love ninety
percent of the nation ninety percent of
the nation makes me happy most of the
time that's why i always try to remember
those are the people i make the videos
for those are the people i'm actually
connecting to not so much that other ten
percent who are usually the ten percent
that make me question what i'm doing
even if just wear a small moment so
thank you to that ninety percent
actually asked will you make available
the DeFranco does la full videos yes at
some point in the near future after we
finally released a Franco des Vancouver
which is just taking forever because
it's trying to consolidate two shows
into one show what career path do you
and Lindsay talk about for Trey we
literally do not talk about that at all
it's really just a conversation of Oh as
even sleeping has even eating has he
been pooping that's really it I'm so I
want this kid to enjoy being a kid for
as long as possible if you are a kid
right now and I mean no offense by this
if you're 21 and under enjoy the fuck
out of your time even as like 16 17 I
had lots of responsibilities on my hand
that said being an adult is a completely
different thing it's not harder all the
time but it's a completely different
deal with different types of stress
you're younger everything feels like the
biggest deal ever any nine point nine
percent of the time it's not have fun
make some
stakes but not life-ending or rash
causing one to that a reasonable point
just start thinking about what you want
to do in the future so you don't become
one of those people that goes to parties
and is always talking about that one
cool time that happened a while ago
become that person that's a sad person a
nation that is it for this Q&A of course
if you want to be the video question for
next week upload a video to YouTube with
a question and add the hashtag ask a
Franco and the title nation I love your
faces I hope you found this insightful
and I'm gonna go do other things ok bye
