some nation I hope you're having a good
Tuesday I wanted to make a quick vlog it
is finished week four of couch to 5k I'm
on to week five and the guy have 15
workouts until the app says I'm done and
ready for a full 5k so that's actually
so I should actually start looking like
we're the first official one
I can go to maybe we can make something
that's for the nation out here like
we'll run as a group even though I'll
probably lag behind because of my ass is
fat even though I've been running I
haven't necessarily been eating much
better so my weights been a slight
change but my endurance has gone up so
there's that but yeah if you want to get
the the app that I've been using I'll
include a link down below along with a
few others because I don't know if
there's anything that different between
any of the couch to 5k apps but that's
the one I use they also just needed to
run and get some some nerves out because
uh after well actually wait that's it I
did Franco des la which was amazing so
you see here at the Franco does Los
Angeles we're having lots of important
things like seats this seat is made from
the most velvety velvet made in ancient
Europe the Romans put this chair
together by taking three pairs of ant
egg lakes anti goose Odeon furniture and
making a chair just like this
this chair was sat in by Sir ancient
Greece hmm
Samara this theaters famous supports
ancient Greek culture statutes this was
actually done by an Alex sagadam Oh Alex
aghanim it was an Incan Greece sculpture
we designed that Leonardo DiCaprio's
David
this was his piece right before that it
was so unknown by people that then he
made it to spout bullshit twenty-four
service these right here are pillars
they're actually Romanesque pillars
because you see at the top you know a
lot of people confuse these with
Corinthian pillars but these are
actually Romanesque
I don't know how to play this thing you
gotta come on I know a couple little
things and that's it otherwise let's
hear them all $10 and 10 years
4:05 hard to justify all this la pride
we go here we go it's different no does
la no sorry we chose la alright Phil
what's going on through your mind right
now I'm very tired but I'm also very
excited we're gonna about to do the
pre-show meet and greet it's actually a
pretty chill because it's a like our
audience was to be around a thousand
people tonight should only be like 150
for this first part take some pictures
and two hours before Joe's the best on
three one two three joke it was an
awesome show I think there was like
1,200 people there hello I love you
faced everyone that came and watched
especially those that had waited and
stayed to get pictures taken at the end
I posted all those on Facebook it's
super weird but that's what I love about
those events is you never know what's
gonna happen and it's never gonna happen
again
also I brought Trey out at the end which
was a which was special who's like just
waking up so I was like no one shear do
that weird artsy thing where everyone
likes clat like snaps their fingers
instead and so it's helped it reports
its Navin there think it was so weird
I didn't want to freak tray out in front
of 1200 people so we kinda half lion
king but I also didn't want to do that
because it wanted to support his neck
and not drop my kid in front of a
thousand people there's an awesome weird
show it's exactly what I needed just
kind of something to like give me a
little shot in the ass to be like this
is actually a really fun cool thing
because it is it's a it's a little weird
especially after YouTube's taking away
like video responses and making it so
easy to just make a video to another
person or all the tubers like us that
that kind of it's all about the
conversation and I end up talking to a
camera but then like your responses end
up being you know text so it's kind of
just reading all the time you lose that
that interaction and that's what that's
what's awesome about the defranco does
events I mentioned it in yesterday's PDS
the next ones are going to be Toronto
and Chicago I'm expecting those to be
massive that's out meeting the awesome
people from the nation that I've been
watching anywhere from like two months
to seven years it's just all so nice to
get the whole crew out and doing
something together not just in every day
also because I didn't post a regular
vlog on Mother's Day one it wish a happy
belated Mother's Day to my mom my
stepmom they could both play it amazing
roles
in my life also to all the real moms out
there although there's a difference
between bringing a baby into this world
via yo vagina and actually lovingly
raising it and that's there's a big
difference and so to all the moms that
know that difference that live that
difference all the dads that sometimes
have to play that role because the mom's
not there
happy Mother's Day that's so it's so so
crazy important also a happy Mother's
Day to Lindsay who I know that it's been
just like three weeks now but you've
been a supermom I love your face thank
you for letting me sleep on Sunday
Monday Tuesday's that has been extremely
helpful and helping me from not
exploding that's really it I hope you're
having a good day nation I love yo faces
oh and in the comments down below
because we have been picking our
DeFranco does based on demand what is a
big area near you that we should have a
DeFranco does in the next year let's say
well what are we doing here we're doing
some behind the scenes don't watch out
and be careful before the show don't
slip up yet why didn't have a nice doing
this because I mean like the awkwardness
is is too high right now
