Oh tell my headphones up yo check check
check
I want one ah I feel we're back Oh
dougie has people in the office I think
I did pretty well last time did you
though I think so did you I mean when
you really think about it did you know
CJ what up hey CJ how you doing today on
this wonderful day
well there's beef what's up we're here
we're gonna tell you some slang see
Steve tell me what do you think is the
thud the two puppies guys in this entire
room what do you do that's or as you may
be aware here in this office Darrin and
I we are the thuggees we got dougie
well I'm getting the feeling you'd like
me to say that the two of you or the
correct
I just been a free real quick ah yo I'm
spitting the free cuz you can't see me
man I got it here's one for you you pop
them cuz we pop them like Orville
Redenbacher what could that mean what do
you think that means huh obviously
you're eating candy you're you're at the
movie theater you're eating Raisinets or
or jujube so what do you think you pop
them like we pop them like Orville
Redenbacher means so they're yeah you
know I'm not nervous or the knife I'm
gonna be honest with you guys oh man
suck my clip swallow my bullets and
don't you spit what is he saying what is
he what is he insinuating
Oh a blowjob correctamundo and you think
he means by that in World War two when
they were trying to clean the oil give
it to him in the weazy boys let me give
you another one I love your sushi roll
hotter than wasabi can you tell me what
a sushi roll is the J well I mean a
sushi roll is like a seafood at Japanese
dish okay with like seaweed rice Quay
clamber yeah fish it sounds like a very
nice personal recipe hand down on high
probably from a grandmother of some type
I don't think you're getting it yo can I
slap the shit outta you may how is pussy
like a sushi roll
well he's insinuating that a woman's
jiggly bits awesomes a bit sometimes
smell like bitch and he's saying that he
loves it but I don't think he likes it
when it smells like fish but you know in
general advises pleasure
I dick is like an accent mark it's all
about the ovaries my dick is like an
accent mark it's all about the ovaries
think about it the reason I'm having of
a problem is my dick is not like an
accent like neither is mine what what's
an accent mark the thing that goes on
top of these ovaries okay so you're
talking about like the like the tilde
yeah does it mean that he's having sex
with lots of chicks
I don't know no no it's just I would say
I could give him that I think it's
called a tilde no I'm fucking googled it
I think that where'd you go to college
don't don't offend him they just divide
they legs I divide the pie what is she
saying is she talking about spreading
spreading what they divide they legs say
dividing legs
I had to divide the pie they divide they
legs I divide the pie so was she like
fine David men open the legs she decides
if she's gonna help it uh not quite not
quite what is she dividing the pie by
though a common denominator which is 2
so diff she divides the pie by 2
yeah she'll get 4 yes so thought who are
pot in case of a real number like a
prime number like 6 7 or 9 what does she
do she doesn't have to take the medium
and pull it back
