yeah you know you can turn around and
take off in a circle that's the general
feel for a 1/5 of the audience I got
some gifts Phil you got me gift yeah I
didn't get to rap that night view turn
night into bright I've always wanted to
try and Phil but I figured a good
because they're like optic Gunners
essentially what you wear during the day
if you just go blind it's just high
contrast right yeah I have no idea Phil
that what do you think oh yeah this is
life-changing why won't you turn today
to 32 nana mizuki I saw the birthday and
you're still appealing as ever I opted
for this oh my god you have horrible
handwriting show I opted this because
over the googly eyes thanks for being a
cool boss let's have a great one
and now you can wear sunglasses at night
Thank You Java a hug you Jeff oh where
to ahead though this is keeping my day
bright happy birthday Phil oh hey Philip
DeFranco
do I need breakfast god it's not here
though I think she decided that on
Friday she doesn't come in as what
happened oh those glasses working out so
good why don't you turn off the light I
was like nothing change for what
happened yesterday person that is not
going hey here's the thing it was brutal
but it was one of my favorite things
that's such a weird awkward unnecessary
moment and I'm so glad that it happened
I mean I feel like I should I should
allow Zack to go as well and we'll up it
will do that
I mean you guys still the villains
because you didn't choose them but that
way I can be the good guy all right bill
clubbers you glasses are working out for
you you look great
everything is looking up yeah look it up
for me why didn't you pick Zack to go on
the penguin excursion we heard that
Jason really wanted to go to see the
Penguins and we thought we were doing
the right thing you know you should've
done that you should have been like
we're gonna pick Zack because Jason's
the new guy oh but don't you think like
you know if someone's first stay here
and they get to go on a penguin
excursion do you think they deserve it
no I'm fine just wandering through you
upset today at all or no it's fine
past it do you like penguin I do no I
hate that let's be honest you do what
you really want to go I could go I it
would be fun but it's okay
I don't what are you Jason for you upset
with Jason I'm not a subject what about
what about them Jason's team sold more
shirts than me what about then it's okay
it wasn't personal
yeah it just hate me well they told me
it was personal but no I mean other than
I hate me it's not like personal
personal is just they don't like me in
the person it's not more personal than
that if the tables were turned and you
had to pick Nina or Cecilia who would
you have picked to not go Nina what she
doesn't want
holding my name she doesn't he'll okay
in the eyes and told me I couldn't go
it's a scar but you know what scars do
yeah they last forever right that's not
what stars do
scars getting knocked off the cliff
inside I eNOS Wow guys we're doing we're
setting up a screen test I'm told we
need a four person show okay set up with
side angle shots and table mics Oh at
least sound like a podcast I don't know
that it is a podcast all right well I'm
just gonna try to make what you guys are
doing look cool
called the pinkest please because we
want Zack to go we might not be able to
bring him because they can't vote at
five spaces I called yesterday to
schedule a penguin encounter I was
calling to see if there was any way we
could add an extra person or you guys
absolutely camp out at 5:00 okay
exactly my get to go do it is because
it's the safety of the Penguins they
don't want to overwhelm them in any more
than fives like a lot yeah you got to
come together and think of another plan
believe me let's not start the
conversation of hurt feelings Shelly
nation crass it's so different the same
tainted yellow what if this is my new
thing yeah I knew about this thing
everyone's gotta have one out there yeah
shave your head now okay sounds good we
learn filters ech they only take five
people Oh like that's the limit you
actually double fuck Zach that's so bad
how do I keep fucking yourself down this
whole trip yeah I figure something else
out for everybody else
yeah cancel everything I mean if he does
that it would free up the budget for the
entire office to go oh what's new well I
like as sometimes like saying stuff just
to see him I can see Amanda Julian
Newport Kentucky yeah like the entire
team is like turning 75 bucks for 15
people what's he even do hey I got an
idea
why don't we kidnapped we kidnap them
won't like what it was given then we go
and say that he was found but then you
guys found this always ends poorly like
we're gonna actually lose him and then
we're gonna
we're gonna like but if you save it then
you guys look like the hero saves Mike
hi so instead of that plan yeah maybe
some some Memphis his favorite sax maybe
a little toy frizzies Oh baby that'll be
happy and then there's like no liability
okay nope I can't see that can you feel
about your CDs less than impressed that
I like he loves the toys
great okay cool
glad things aren't awkward baby knows in
the past now well what you got in your
hand there
I was given masks in case air quality is
not up to par since there's a lot of
fire and James there's James behind
after James and the whole family the
whole family has the mess apparently
there was around the house there's way
way way more smoke well Zechs happy now
he's gusted yes good it turned out well
for everybody did we include the part
where we thought we were being awesome
can we turn that we couldn't yeah yeah
included I don't I don't know if you
knew about it but uh yeah so we're off
to the penguin thing tomorrow or the
next day I don't know one but it's gonna
be fun Phil so I can't wait I don't know
why we didn't just have Zach film it
like is why should you get in a word oh
yeah we're having the worst so I know oh
yeah cool yeah that sounds great
everybody that's a great idea
thanks Bill I appreciate just sit here
all day and hang out well Zach takes my
place I don't know it's actually
happening so I'm gonna go I'm gonna go
take my family two miles closer to the
fire okay cool glad I'm glad I'm okay
