a lot of people know the embarrassment
of your mom coming to your middle school
and she like hugs you or kisses you or
maybe your mom's attractive and all your
friends make weird jokes about how
they're gonna have sex with her well I
have a different embarrassing story
about my mom at school because when I
went to college I initially went to
Community College and on top of being
much more inexpensive it is more open to
having everyone be a student and my mom
was one of them and not just any
Community College my community college
with a schedule very close to my own so
close that we even had one class
together english 101 meeting at my
freshman year of college my first time
out as a man on my own my mom was
sitting at a desk next to me do you know
what it's like to have your mom as a
study buddy well actually I don't either
because my mom wasn't my study buddy and
that's because everyone in a class of my
peers liked my mom more than me they had
big study groups that I wasn't invited
to but the saving grace of all of this
is at least they didn't know I was her
son we have different last names my
shame was just on the inside deep deep
inside that was until one Monday morning
when I walk into class and everything
seems normal my mom asks if she can see
my notes cuz she missed her last class I
helped her out but then I noticed when I
looked to the teacher in the front of
the room he is just eyeing me and
smirking like I have douche written on
my forehead but I didn't realize it and
wasting no time at the beginning of the
class he was like I have a secret I'm
very excited to announce that our very
own debbie is the mother of our very own
Philip it's just one of those
announcements where they just say it and
they look at you like you're supposed to
respond and the only thing you could say
is yeah which is a gay English teacher
in redneck ass North Carolina you think
you'd have a little more I don't know
empathy for being outed in a room full
of people who are going to judge you and
that's exactly what happened 90 minutes
of the most awkward time in my life with
something that didn't involve a sexual
act and it was that day I realized that
I would never as they say be too big for
my britches and I would always have some
sense of humility and that's just a
little piece of my very weird
life
