welcome to DeFranco three the place
where I'd say the magic happen I had a
lot of pennies this morning adults over
here at SourceFed we like to make stuff
like art and magic in newsy type content
wake up at 5 o'clock in the morning
because that's what this job requires I
am hit the day with the Sun behind me
awakening before I even do I come in I
see a lot of news stories about women
that have killed your babies are babies
that have murdered their women I decide
what fart story I'm gonna do it's
usually about balls or someone getting
kicked in the balls or someone who has
poop it out the best I can Pete the
cycle
yeah
Trisha can you guide us through a day in
the life of Trisha Hershberger
well I wake up in the morning really
really early and I come into work and
that get some coffee central function
before that because it's really early
and then we scour the internet for all
sorts of weird things although sometimes
just to make my organizational grain
happy I'll look at this nerd schedule
it's like a little treacherous puzzle
that I sit down with my coffee weasel
together and then we shoot source bed in
the morning and then we get to this
nerdy schedule stuff and then we um
goof around a lot group size and group
sex here over here you see we have Danny
who's doing works Danny stop working and
say hello
what's another guy I don't know I don't
think he really works it look at him
breaking stuff like he owns the place or
something you wake up try to wake up at
like 5:00 5:30 get some early breakfast
at a bagel place nearby come in start
researching film the stories out which
kind it takes between two hours and like
five hours depending how that the news
is and what's actually interesting to me
then we get to jump into all the other
things to Frank going instead of
managing or trying to manage 40 people
in massively failing Darrin's rocking
out and blobby stuffs or just talking
with them done with Danny regarding
anything with myself and corporate
discovery talking to Len to make sure
that we have made sure that SourceFed
calm or the YouTube channel has not
blown up that we're doing fun stuff on
nerd and so a lot of it's less these
days though because I used to be more
hands-on which is fulfilling but also
exhausting and everyone here is growing
up world well for most part yo I'm gonna
do me - look crack and dawn I got a girl
with a thong on I like my music just
like my women quiet
open it up get on the Block everybody do
the Dinah so
that and then I go home hang out with
Lindsay and then I sleep in I repeat Sam
can you explain to me what you do all
day
you
I usually wake up at 5 a.m. and then
like contemplate like if I'm like happy
with my life and then kind of don't come
to a real decision then I get up a
shower shower shave shit the 3 s's then
you get in your car and drive 40 minutes
to work I spent about most of my workday
and I've been doing drawing board
related things I helped Dan with the
vlogedy I am no you
I basically slowed down everyone's
workflow anything I'm list a big old
wrench mmm this machine of a company hey
you're welcome
show them looking on a dram no I was
lying oh oh why're you think about
Maddy's lines let me use to it by now
can you tell the internet audience at
home what your nickname here at the
offices yes my nickname here is Schmidty
walk me through a day in the life that
Smitty homier I push buttons a lot of
them I make people talk and and look
smart how long does it take you
typically to edit a PDS around 5 hours
this whole CGI yeah all of it now I
don't know if you ever seen light before
but they mix like the Sun but in smaller
versions yeah I'm just gonna get to save
the environment with that really quick
and here we have a tripod see this
tripod has three legs one two three all
three views to stand things let's keep
going this way come on hand I don't know
what I'm doing come on in here in the
writers room people read words be Vava
read people rather shy can you walk me
through a day-in-the-life gyro get up at
5:00 in the morning and then I quickly
shower and if I don't feel like
showering because some days I showered
the night before and I feel like oh I
can't go into work with the hair the way
it's looking right now I'll bet heady
and whatnot so I'll turn the water on my
sink I'll put my head
sinc I'll grab some conditioner and then
I'll throw that through and then it gets
a good a proper hair replacement and
then I can work with it later in the day
before I get on camera and then I I kiss
my loving family goodbye without waking
them up they're like secret morning kids
and they don't know and then I go to
work and I'm here by 6:00 and I'm
looking for stories and then I'm writing
them and then shooting we play some
games and stuff
later in the day we do like SourceFed
normal SourceFed in the morning and then
later we'll do like SourceFed nerd stuff
like cards against humanity in the what
nuts that's kind of how the day is
divided these days and there's a lot of
copious comic drinking which I'm very
happy about thank you thank you thank
you shit looking great by the way stuff
do you do something with your hair no
what you talk about and that's about it
you
