hey hey buddy hey
soft action it is Thursday and for this
thursday blogger before we get into it
we have a sponsor which is oddly kind of
relevant to everything and that is the
awesome people at Dollar Shave Club calm
/ ability if you are unaware that the
awesome senri great quality razors to
your house on the cheap just so that you
know when i wake up at three o'clock in
the morning or four o'clock even though
i don't know when exactly that will
happen i do know that when i put the
baby to sleep that I can eventually
shave this white trash mustache that i
get going on it's like a reverse Hitler
essentially I know since the last time
they sponsor the blog a lot of ladies
we're like I love this service and I
didn't even think that ladies could use
this so if you want to check it out guy
or girl link in the description down
below but that said it does relate to
this blog because I've been asking
myself recently what do you want to do
Philip DeFranco I usually ask that
question in my head but also still in
that voice so I don't take it too
seriously but it's been on my mind
because I've well especially with all
the late nights recently I have time to
think although it is fragmented and a
little messy what do I want to do
because you always ask the question of
what do you want to do in five years
I've answered that question twice once
over five years ago and once semi
recently but the question now with a kid
here is not only the next five years for
the next 18 years the next what do you
want to really do with your life and I
don't know you know I look at my life
now and I have the house check I have a
kid have the girl I have pretty much all
the the solid base things that I've
wanted in my life but then I have to
think of other than these these things
that I wanted what else you know what
else for the past 23 years I've thrown
myself into a studio of early days and
late nights and it has paid off and has
done well but it's kind of a long the
idea of a fad diet it is this massive
drastic move that's probably in
the whole for the long haul not very
sustainable so what do you want to do
and it's this question I think that
people should ask it doesn't matter what
age you're at just what do you want to
do and don't look at your life all the
time I think it's good to just do like
kind of checkups instead of just like
obsessing over it but it's been making
me think like what do I enjoy i like
spending time with Trey and Lindsay I
like running recently it makes me feel
like not a piece of shit i just got back
from a three mile run and I'm like oh my
god i want to start almost like every
day like this because i feel great even
though tomorrow I'm gonna be sore as all
hell I enjoy playing video games but I
don't think that I want to do that a lot
a lot i enjoy reading writing so i know
that i have like a hundred pages that
I've left with a book that i was writing
so there's that and so that's kind of
the place I'm in right now I think part
of that is also related to my paternity
leave giving me thursdays and fridays
off so even just having a thursday off
in like I feel like can breathe for the
first time in forever I think my head
will also be a lot clearer after
DeFranco does la which is tomorrow I
think it's in glendale seeing the nation
being on stage with the nation and
everything like that that that's a stuff
that kind of like gives me that energy
back but i know i know that those don't
happen all the time so i want to be able
to feel fulfilled and some capacity in
between the times i love your faces in
person i want anyone take this as a wine
of some sort I am generally happy and
good with everything this is kind of my
random check up with my internet
psychiatrists that are not registered
with the state this is my just kind of
talking about where I am happy but not
one hundred percent fulfilled but that's
not really a bad thing because it does
leave room for me to grow and rear
and that's where I am so what I'm gonna
do is I'm gonna do DeFranco does la rock
that show out for everyone out here with
Joe and Steve and then I'm gonna play
some games and I'm gonna I'm gonna run
some more and I'm gonna dust off my
camera and get back into the photography
stuff that I've put on hold during the
last part of the pregnancy and then just
start doing different stuff so if it
might suck but it's still different and
I think that's really what I want right
now in nature I don't know if anyone is
in the same kind of mindset or has been
there so I'll pass it on a question to
you what is something that you want to
do that you have not done or you tried
for a second and you fail and you stop
doing what's something you want to do
that's different that's not your your
everyday that's not your current I don't
know just something to think about I
love you faces I hope you have a good
thursday other links and stuff around my
face most importantly Thank You nation
for being you it may sound cheesy but uh
thank you every now and I never goes a
long way
