soft nation it is what's up Wednesday I
told you I have these two with me and I
have one definitely the other one just
kind of pooped and feels happy and it's
know going to sleep I asked you guys ask
me questions both in are all in the
YouTube videos the Facebook the
Twitter's and so the first few are going
to be from YouTube are you ready Lindsay
I am ready it is mainly on you and I'll
fill in the gap when I have to how do
you dogs act around Trey have they
started doing anything weird / different
or do they pretty much just ignore it
they pretty much ignore him I think
right yeah for the most part like
sitting on the couch sometimes look up
and sniff him but they're actually
really really good around him and ace
normally barks it like everything he's
kind of calmed down with that - yeah I
think he realizes like what the
hierarchy is yeah at this point but at
the same time anytime I come down and
I'm like trying to get this guy to sleep
which is very rarely because Lindsay
takes a huge chunk of the workload want
to throw that out there before she kills
me yeah the dogs will like whimper and
then if he's like sleeping and and
something building lay on me they're
like daddy remember the good times yeah
they really haven't gotten that much
attention I feel bad I try to show them
a little bit Simonton I I try but I I'll
admit they kind of just go by the
wayside well I saw that someone was like
if when you have a second kid you got to
make sure good thing oh no no that's
young with any honor poop he's like why
are you telling everyone this is really
being bear
in a few years Multi Gothic kid says if
Trey asks you where babies come from
what will he tell him and how creative
do you think he'll be about the subject
or will you tell them he'll have to wait
until he's older all right I'm Trey
mommy what baby come from well he really
want to know who are you talking that's
right like that yeah four or five I'm
just gonna be straight up I got to have
to him like he's an adult yeah yeah I
talked to him like an adult that's that
was rule number one yes that's that's
what Joe Bereta taught me talk to your
kids like they're they're normal people
and they'll be amazing yeah actually I
say that I won't say the stork thing but
I might I might try to cop out and be
like oh they come from mr. if he's poor
because you also have to think of the
stuff you tell your kid when he goes to
school he's going to tell all other kids
and you might get a weird phone call
from commentable well oh that's true
especially because like the whole Santa
thing that's gonna be weird
Santa yeah see I don't even know if I
want to do the Santa thing like I want
to have like a sense of wonder but it is
like if you think about Santa's really
creepy it's really creepy Emilie's wants
to know what spell would you use to give
that child more hair than anyone ever
yeah so I didn't realize that it was odd
to have lots of hair when you're born
because every picture of every family
member that like any DeFranco full head
of hair I had here to add really dark
hair when I was born oh I think that he
has regular people hair unlike mine but
he mines super straight and like goes
out straight to the side his actually
lays down
he has my amount but that straight yeah
with your straighten best straightness
Jeromy Paloma says we ever let Phil
touch you again after giving birth Kimmy
I still got stitches I'm glad you're
being honest with this Lindsey okay what
person who is push a giant
maybe Islands before China is like hey
diddle me hey I saw some stuff that I
was still dealing with I'm having
flashbacks like it's numb you know what
it's funny because before the birth
people were like so Phil are you gonna
watch the head are you gonna like look
at it as she's pushing and we were both
like oh that's gross why would you do
that then in the moment I was like I got
a girl gotta be a part of this and it
was amazing
Lindsey Chiara de creme air says how do
you get over the fear of all the bad
things that could happen to your baby
hey Joe yeah how do you do you don't get
over that like I'll go up in the middle
of the night and I just like looking
pleasing yes good good but last night we
let him sleep in his own crib in his own
room and I think it went really well so
no I would agree oh I agree
um but I like it because on the video
monitor I can see his chest and stomach
like rising every time I woke up though
I look over and luxurious mad-dogging
this screen just like staring out of the
entire yeah every time you woke up
meaning when you heard him cry and I cry
before you that's why I'm looking at it
it's not like oh I was staring at it for
a good like hour and a half before I
fell asleep but it wasn't like I was all
night oh my it was actually really good
and the pediatrician said it was fine so
don't tell me yeah I mean that's a thing
right we're two weeks in now is when
people people are going to start giving
us unsolicited by slash like wives tales
blah blah blah we love all the
positivity we're going to listen to the
pediatrician yeah
and I do have to say though all of the
unsolicited advice that I have gotten
for the most part has been constructive
it hasn't been like well you doing this
actually she's coming I'm sure I'm sure
well it's gonna come soon Nonnie gonna
try that name the third says how big or
Lindsay's boobs now they're fantastic I
I don't ever want them to go away except
they get really hard when they're full
they're like rock hard when they're full
I'm going to national I'm going to spin
- hashtag no dreams I'm going to start a
clothing or not a clothing company a bra
line and it's just one size fit all and
it's always fantastic the size is me Oh
fantastic event rush no I like having
big boobs even though they don't look
that big in this the farm sports product
what's it like cuz it's like it's like
knowing that your magics going to
eventually go away who's gonna go away I
might get a more permanent solution what
do you think you will after we're done
having kids I definitely want to after
he sucks the life out of me yeah after
their second bevel around I'll get a
little makeover
you're so LA though I would get fake
boobs even if I did do you wanna I
wouldn't get them into awesome I was
like I don't plan too bad
Kimberly govern says how was
breastfeeding going I know it's totally
hard the first few weeks hang in there
it's going really great does it hit a
point where it's like hard to do work no
it's it's easy and I feel bad say miles
I know a lot of people struggle and I
was like I was set to her I thought that
it was going to be a lot harder than it
is and I
it is for some people but yeah I know
the nurses were saying that we were we
were lucky that he like he latched on in
about 20-30 seconds with a little latch
yeah and then Lindsey because Lindsey
was like it was after the surgery all
the chaos had happened she was like
she's on the million things they like
they gave her oh that's a goofy
oh no but Lindsey was like she was sad
and kind of freaking out that she wasn't
gonna be able to feed him and so we just
had to you know take some time let her
heal and but dude was a pro yeah he's
done really well and I started pumping a
little bit
so that like my dad and my stepmom were
coming into town tomorrow until night I
wanna have a date night on Thursday so
we've been slowly introducing the bottle
but with breast milk in it and he's
catching on to that really well too so I
just feel really lucky that it's been
pretty easy and my nipples don't hurt
yeah I've heard horror stories with like
cracked and bleeding that bulls and I'm
just so Ryan pants ass what kind of
school do you plan to send treat you
once he's old enough in this school I've
been looking into Montessori schools
what is that again it's just a different
way of learning it's like a more
hands-on way of learning it as opposed
to like textbook like reading and
memorizing you actually like do things
so those schools have to do things like
the Common Core and blah blah blah
I don't think so they're private yeah I
mean that's I think the reason I'm
intrigued by that is we know three
people that have gone they're all very
very intelligent once again you don't
know if it's directly impacted or just
like something that happens to be a
factor as well but yeah all the parents
I know right now just talk about how
terrible standardized testing is in the
United States so I'm on board but that's
just for now I mean I have I
to it a good amount but I might change I
don't know when you were growing up did
you do hooked on phonics I was talking
now it showed it but I remember the
commercials yeah just be I hooked on
phonics worked for me and yeah yeah well
no I did I mean maybe I read an okay
level I guess but but you did do it yeah
they were selling it like out of the
gymnasium of this school and like just
tons of parents went there because
they're like we don't want our kids to
be stupid we don't want to actually
teach our kids we'll just put in front
of a TV here's this thing I bought be
sure this is part of a bigger question
of people constantly ask where we're
gonna be in five years
I don't know if we're gonna be in LA
because I don't know if la is the best
place to fully raise a kid for me I
think that a lot of parents do it they
can probably do it well in LA but I
think that it is expensive for like the
kind of schooling that we maybe want to
get for him he's like yeah and I don't
know where would where would you wanna
be I want to be in the suburbs somewhere
Oh shocker Lane Iman my cell says who do
you think will be the first to be peed
on I was the first you've been peed on
now yeah you're still is first then my
mom and then me so the question though
were you were you smart about it like I
was and I was changing him where he was
laying this way and I was over here so I
was perpendicular or do you have jumped
straight in the face Oh what happened
was he had like started a little bit so
I was like
is that on his and then he just went
right in my face so I thought like there
was he's a lamp or something I don't
know how Lent would get in his diaper
that doesn't notice
yeah the feeling for me was confusion
shock laughter yeah yeah I have a
picture of it but you oh you have a
picture after every word right what
happened I was I was I did a i sad face
just from the other room you saw that is
what I scream I'm terrified he's going
to eventually poop on us what's gonna
happen yeah Appu Nami but guys that is
it um if you have other questions you
want us to answer you can uh you can
leave them in the comments down below
you can use the hashtag ask for Franco
on Twitter there's probably other ways
but the main point I love your faces I
love this baby
Lynch isn't okay - oh my god he is
trying to go for it yes it's not PG
anymore
