I hope you're having a nice Tuesday hi I
just found my camera so now I can plug
again because I'm also I'm bit I'm a bit
lazy about it too I misplaced it but
then didn't look for it which really is
the same as putting it away somewhere I
knew it was and then just not actively
getting it which is normal I think
because you know baby
since I haven't filmed let's play a
little catch-up one I played some
putt-putt golf with my buddy Richard
Ryan and trying to think of a nice way
to say it but ultimately destroyed him
which is good because he's such a manly
man and good at like everything that I'm
so glad that I could beat him at a
child's game because it made me feel
like at least part man so Richard down
eight strokes do you think that there's
potential to come back in this back nine
you know I am always an optimist when it
comes to stuff like this root for the
underdog am i right I mean I've been
I've been holding out on you okay I'm
trying to hustle you we're gonna go
through the first first nine holes and
then we're gonna lay a wager down and
then I'm just gonna come out here I'm
gonna smoke - I have a wager I bought
the nation some coffee cuz I love seeing
smiles on people's faces I was very
excited that a new Firehouse Subs was
built within 40 minutes of me and I
drove 40 minutes there in 40 minutes
back for a sandwich which either speaks
very highly of the sandwich or very
poorly of things I spend my time on I
took Thursdays and Fridays off from work
so I've been enjoying my four days at
home with Linds and the baby most of the
time we're just kind of hanging out with
him taking him on a walk here and there
I've still been able to uh somehow keep
up the running between like all the biz
stuff and all the real life stuff and
I'm happy because the the couch to 5k I
finally had a point where I can run and
jog for five minutes at a time without
dying and three weeks ago I can barely
run
90 seconds so a lovin seeing progress
there Lindsay's very happy because she
was like I gained like 42 pounds from
this pregnancy and just like three weeks
after also a lot of it was after the the
birth she's down like thirty pounds so
it's it's so just even being on the
outside not being Lindsay it's amazing
like the the female body and like how it
all of a sudden changes to to
accommodate and grow a life and then it
just snapping back it's crazy
it's wild by inches I don't know the
female body has become even more
beautiful to me now that I am seeing and
I've seen so much of what it's capable
of that I've never seen firsthand also
as of last night we've we've started
trying to Train Rae to to sleep during
the hours that we want to or at least
just to start sleep longer and the
reason for that is we've we've had this
plan from the get-go we said we're going
to start when he was two weeks old and
it is really just that lifestyle of you
know in the beginning sleep when the
baby sleeps take care of them make them
feel loved but at the end of the day for
the full life this baby is entering our
lives not the not just the other way
around so main point Trey I love you bro
I love you baby boy you're not gonna be
a sleep terrorist because that's what
you are right now you are attacking my
happiness and sleep with your baby
crying I love you I know you can't
control it but I'm gonna nip that shit
in the bud and by that I mean your mom
is because because she's awesome
and she lets me sleep more during Monday
Tuesdays and Wednesdays so I'm not
completely dead what am I going to work
that's really it right now I'm trying to
find a rhythm a nice balance in my life
of work leisure activity whether it be
going out and doing something with like
a friend for two hours having friends
come over to hang with Lindsay
and I and the baby playing hearthstone
on Twitch anything and then also the
personal stuff for for Lindsay and Frey
so it's it's um it's hard it's not it's
not bad though it's uh I feel like I get
a milking a lot more out of my time so
yeah that's really I wanted to give you
that little update I do want to end with
a question on this of what's the thing
that you do with your life that kind of
like recharges you whether it be not
just sleep because obviously yeah sleep
but like an activity that makes you go
like okay I can go and do other stuff in
the world right now for me recently it's
it's running because it'sit's something
that is genuinely hard I have to push
myself and then I feel accomplished
afterwards and I don't feel like a piece
of shit that's really like that's the
only reason I feel like I do it anymore
it's not even just to like try and be
healthier it's just like this makes me
feel good I'm gonna keep doing it so I
don't know what yours is if you have one
also cuz this is the blog and I like to
chop a few guys in the comments that
said nation I love your faces I'm gonna
go film the show and I'll see you soon
