hello everybody I'm behind a plan but
not anymore we have some quotes and
people are gonna have to guess whether
Philip DeFranco set them or somebody
else if they're wrong they're bad and
they don't know their boss man let's go
do it a good man fights for himself and
his great man fights for everyone else
Phil DeFranco or oscar y oscar wilde
incorrect is Phil DeFranco Phil DeFranco
you're correct all right Philip DeFranco
Rhett hmm Phil tnks correct Hitler Oscar
Wilde don't really ask a while build
Bubba yeah bill said that Oscar Wilde
really yes that doesn't sound like
anything Phil would actually say nope
don't sweat the petty things and don't
pet the sweaty things bill or George
Carlin Philip DeFranco George Carlin man
George Karl correct Carlin is George
okay George Carlin genworth garland
that's George Carlin this year to fill
its George Carlin all that wants feel no
Simon Hitler don't live like there's no
tomorrow that's stupid Phil DeFranco or
Louise EK louie ck what louis ck built
the franco once again the wrong bitch ck
fill the Franklin James Louie wrong wow
so Franco louie ck help the brain really
don't live like there's no tomorrow
that's stupid kettlebell yes well he
likes calling stupid don't live like
there's no tomorrow that's stupid Phil
DeFranco Hitler when people don't even
have a shred of human decency they fall
back on the rules Phil DeFranco or Jon
Stewart hell
correct it is Bill see that sounds so
much like John store i'm gonna say that
it's filmed it is Phil Oh Jon Stewart
Delta Franco Jon Stewart well Phil it is
filled yeah mr. Adolf Hitler that I way
you did you actually have done the worst
all right who said this there will be a
thousand-year Reich Philip DeFranco or
Adolf Hitler trade the Fanga
