somebody I heard you were 9 pounds man I
know does that mean we can uh let him
sleep longer why ask a doctor when we
could ask the Internet
upon the thought the one he's completely
out unaware he's like this blob is
touching me
hey there is hi
so here's the deal I'll put this in your
hands you can vlog it okay they're gonna
be the youngest vlogger on the tubes
okay people are tired of daddy
the done philip defranco boring tray
DeFranco pd3 whatever you want to call
yourself buddy there you go buddy you
got it good job it's a little bit of a
low angle I mean I want to say that
you're gaining weight but you know
numbers it's like I'm not having any of
that I'm a baby fat shame me can't do
that ah we just finished up a
pediatrician she said everything's good
he's already nine pounds so he's passed
his birth weight which is eight eleven
so we can start letting him
a little bit more
which is good cuz we've been having to
wake them up and stuff
and I'm I'm the one with the longest
night shift and it'll be me so and my
mom is here she's helping out she's
staying till Wednesday and I don't think
I could've done it without her she's
helped us so much
Hey hi what's up
so do you feel like your years of nap
dating experience have crept you to have
a baby that yeah yeah because I can
function on like two hours um I mean I'm
doing okay I'm doing okay but I know for
a fact you're getting less sleep than me
just cuz you're the food supply and
you're like you're the you're the
caregiver and the the steak it's only
gotten like bad the past few days like
the other morning so if the spills turn
me brought him to me to feed and I was
feeding and feels like I'm gonna go
downstairs real quick
get some water and I'll be right back
and like I had to call him because he
was downstairs for like five minutes I
was like I'm falling asleep
willy-nilly because I guess you didn't
even get the call off are you talking
about no that's what I was that's what I
was gonna say yeah if you had answered I
was making tea cuz it's very hard to
make tea when you're like on one hand
because the other hands won't abate so a
few people in the comments are like Phil
when he's sleeping you don't have to be
awake right next to him and I'm like
that's not by choice
just like when I go to sleep I'm done
and I have to get my eight hours and
because I'm terrible at naps yeah he's
really about it
I can't do it no matter how tired he is
I try to do it this this afternoon
because I because I was I had like the
there's like the 2:30 to 6:30 no it was
like it was like 3:30 to like 9:30 I
need to value what like intervals ly I
like I have to be specific about it
how you doing I think that's the biggest
thing the biggest adjustment is is time
the first night it was me learning to
deal with some something someone that
was crying like just in my face you
can't ya control it wasn't like that bad
it just seems like I don't know what to
do like you need to just take a breath
first no Britt so first night it was
like I had 30 minutes of sleep and all
of a sudden that I know that I've
mentioned it in the other video that
alarm went off and then the baby was
crying and no one got the alarm for like
30 minutes I was just crying in my face
and I couldn't get up out of that so
every time he was feeding so I had to do
what I do and wake up every time you
feed so good oh yeah
no but I understand there Jesus baby
crying and I was like ah you're also
going to take care of me you're going to
take care of me yeah cuz you had I don't
know if we talked about that because you
had a even though you got the epidural
you did have a rough pregnancy and never
deliver II know my delivery was fine
uh-huh I pushed for like a little over
an hour yeah everything was fine and
then you're going to chime in too
because I was okay so the legs up yes
stirrups boom they handed me the baby
and was so sweet
yeah and then you deliver the placenta
and so that came out and then I guess my
uterus would not contract so it started
hemorrhaging yeah and all this blood
started coming out and they couldn't get
it stopped bleeding and then so filled
up by my head and he looked down and
yeah I uh I was I was putting on a
strong face it was essentially like
doctor do something was wrong wanted to
keep me calm I kind of know when
someone's trying to put a face on so I
was like oh shit this is not like that
is not the normal amount of blood they
went from having to nurses
and a doctor to having like ten nurses
all running around getting all these
medications sticking me and there are so
many needles yeah but and I didn't
really like I could feel that something
wasn't right but I mean the doctor was
so good about not freaking us out like
the extent of her panic was like get
this now get this now and like I don't
want the student to get it I want you to
get it and like just stuff like that so
but anyways and there was some cutting I
don't know if I was cut or ripped oh no
oh no I all I know it was it was scary I
didn't want to relay that fear to you
and then you were like go see trainee
cuz he was on the warming table and I'm
like I don't want to see you die yeah
I'm gonna be here but I don't want to
say that yeah at the same time um so but
they slowed the blood down yeah they got
it they got it all handled she was
having a I stated what to like Oh
everything out of me with her hand and I
can feel that like it didn't hurt but I
felt the pressure and I was like this is
not normal God you got the epidural
thank God I got the epidural thank God
she numbed it even more actually with
some blood right
oh my god we're at the hospital yeah I'm
not gonna go into like what I think you
should do with your birth or pregnancy
but had I not been at the hospital I
would have died Oh straight up so and it
was a very rough recovery for the next
two days yeah like I couldn't then for a
while because I was on so much medicine
like painkillers and stuff because of
what happened I was so upset
you're okay but everything was good
after like
seven hours I like mustered up the
strength to be able to like breastfeed
in him and I'm so glad that he like
caught on real quick because they would
have killed me otherwise if he if I was
struggling like with what's going on
with me and he couldn't breastfeed yeah
I don't know how you held so much in
because I like after I knew you were
okay that was when I started crying
because I was like I don't know what to
feel right now but like along the lines
of like I don't know I had the perfect
pregnancy perfect delivery and still
something went wrong
I don't even I don't know so that's that
so I have opinions about the bar you
should delivery but to each their own
I guess wait since we're talking about
this I didn't talk about this before
because I didn't want to like jinx
anything I don't want to like freak
anyone out there's this picture that
with you I think oh no it's a at the
vloggity the top of youtube.com slash
really to get a picture of us in the
theater where it's like I think my hats
are you yeah so yeah
first day in Vancouver Olli split him in
two okay first of all wait a take away
my store and we need to preface it with
this that I got the okay to travel it
wasn't yeah
travel that this happened no yeah okay I
get why you're taking it over yeah
people are gonna be like well yes shit
well the doctor yeah the doctor cleared
Lindsay to travel my pregnancy I'm
imperfect yeah how we went yet so we
were in Vancouver and it was the first
night right you uh you got like some
spinach salad or something like that and
she got this terrible food poisoning and
she's just up all night everything
coming out everything coming out I've
ever really violently so then that
caused his not his the babies yeah uh
head too
bang on my cervix very hard yeah and so
that was the scariest thing yes what
time was it was like the next morning at
like 7:00 a.m. uh when I woke up yeah I
woke up and I just like saw blood
everywhere and I was like oh my god we
ran to the hospital
and nobody knew this because like we
didn't want to tell anybody yeah and I
also didn't want to say anything before
the delivery because I was just like
scared yeah but yeah so we'd like bolt
out I'd steal the van from the company
yeah and it has all the supplies in it
and we're like barreling down this road
and then there's like a police roadblock
and I'm like waiting for a second then
we're like fuck it we have to go through
but we had like researched how to get to
the hospital before even getting to the
like getting the Vancouver just in case
it didn't happen yeah we got to
Vancouver Women's Hospital or something
man then we were yeah we were at the
hospital all day four five five ish
hours dude felt like forever and they
just monitored him and I like you're
fine
this is not my that was but yes seeing
the blood I don't think I was just like
it was like all my fears realized at
once that's 32 weeks pregnant so
technically he could have been delivered
if he had if he needed anything but um
that was really scary but I mean they
weren't alarmed about it they're like
this happened this is normal when you
like there's so much pressure on your
cervix but that was scary that was so
that's the background behind that
adorable picture were just like oh we
love each other so much it was just us
like we'd been through some shit yeah
and I was like I was like I just felt
bad I'm just thinking to myself what if
he has to cancel the show today oh I
went under was yeah yeah absolutely but
I'm glad you didn't have to
