ancient it is what's up Wednesday that
of course were once a week on Wednesdays
I answer the questions that you guys
send me on twitter facebook Instagram
even here on YouTube and hopefully it
gives you a little insight to my life
and sometimes I feel like I find out
stuff about myself that I wouldn't
normally a thought so let's kick this
whole thing off with a video question on
YouTube from user Bree lovely hey Phil
my name is Sabrina and this video is for
your vlogedy my first question is once
maybe DeFranco is born and he gets older
do UN Lynne's plan on doing vlogs with
him just of his life in general and my
second question is do you plan on coming
to New York soon for a meet-and-greet
because it would be so awesome to
finally get to meet with you and talk
with you and meet other people from the
nation so those are my two questions
love your face love you and Linz and the
nation first I respect your ability to
have double question breathe and answer
your first question this is something
that we've been thinking about I mean as
far as like him being a baby right now
I like catalog like there's I have video
that I haven't put on YouTube we share
some of this stuff and I love it because
it's it's these new memories that that
all want to be able to look back on
maybe he will because you know I'm gonna
die when I'm like 32 years old from a
terrible splinter accident so for now
yes I do want to have Trey in videos
just because it is this this whole new
part of my life where everything is is
vastly different than I even could
imagine it going to be but as far as
when he gets older I don't know they're
there every now and then you go to a
YouTube video and you you see a family
vlog and like 99% of the time it's cool
and then every now and then you see that
the kid doesn't maybe want to be on
camera and it gets a little weird and so
it's gonna be one of those things that
I'm gonna have to feel out I mean if you
watch the vlogs for a little while you
know that I was evil even a little bit
apprehensive about including anything
with my child just because you see like
the terrible shit both said about the
kid and the family in general on a
million places on the interwebs and I
like do I want that but the nation has
been so positive that I was like yes I'm
gonna I'm gonna do it nothing can be as
bad as me streaming a hearthstone and
everyone losing their shit because I'm
just learning how to play and to the
other bit yes I do want to go to New
York before 2014 is over to do another
DeFranco does it'll kind of be a coming
home I'm originally from the Bronx I
sometimes worry that I've lost a bit of
that just because I haven't really had
that net family feel that East Coast
feel in a very long time so I'm very
excited to do a New York show whoa I
kind of want to do something smaller
maybe somewhere between like a 300 600
but yeah I will be announcing dates for
Toronto Chicago and New York I believe
also if you want to be next week's video
question of course just upload a video
to YouTube using the hashtag ask to
Franco in the title so I can find it and
then maybe my stupid face can talk to
your lovely face and videophone head on
twitter richard barefoot asks will you
ever show your children in the future
your old videos I imagine only if
they've had a really bad day and it's
that point like I haven't done something
to mess it up and they still idolize me
I'll be like look at daddy he was an
idiot too there's still even a lot of
people that think I am one now so maybe
I'm trouble ass what is being a parent
like and how much has your life changed
you want to remind people it's only been
he's only like a week old right now so
this is still all very new it's all very
different I am a very new parent he's
only peed on me two times while changing
him so far and is yet to explosively
poop on me I feel like once that happens
then you start going up the ladder of
parent card but for the most part a huge
change in sleeping habits I feel like a
more of a team player in my relationship
of of Lindsay you know she she's
watching the baby and making sure tre
goes to sleep and then at like 1:00 even
though like she said that she'd let me
sleep throughout the whole night like
I'm like you know I usually you go to
sleep for a few hours I'm gonna you know
take an hour to get him to go back to
sleep then we both get three hours plus
sleep so oddly the baby has brought
Lindsay and I together on like a project
where as a normal relationship would be
us doing our own separate different
things and then us just relaxing
together and having fun in that way so I
guess the main thing here a few changes
with many more to come
io Rivera asked what kind of activities
will you be putting baby Trey is ya know
martial arts learning languages it's
hard to say right now because he's just
you know a 9-pound baby but I think that
if he's down with it it's something that
he's even intrigued in I would think
martial arts definitely seems
interesting as something that just kind
of helps you learn about yourself and
discipline and then I'd also say some
sort of team sport like like baseball
basketball something that it teaches you
how to work together you kind of get a
brotherhood but who knows maybe he's
more artistic or he's gonna be one of
those kids that wants to learn how to
code like apps my goal I think is going
to be to show him all the options he has
and then help him along the things he
finds interesting on Facebook Phillip
taya asked will you pass the philip
defranco show on to someone else when
you're done with it no not at all I
won't even let anyone host the show
while I'm gone for like a week I have a
certain relationship with the nation
it's not just a show it's a conversation
and having someone else just randomly
come in would be kind of odd made a
whole other channel that gets like 20 to
35 million viewers a month for other
people that want to talk about the stuff
that I might talk about so no and if and
when the philip defranco show does and
it will still be a place that i want to
post just different kind of content
julio caezar asked to you and lens Bois
having more children someday his first
one came out so incredibly perfect how
can me not one I like that you inserted
a compliment in your question and two
yes I think that we're interested but
probably not for a little bit trey is
awesome in one week he's already back up
to his birth weight he's extremely
healthy everything's looking fantastic
Lindsey's doing a lot better but she's
still recovering I know that I have a
vlog either going up tomorrow or on
Friday where we talk about scary stuff I
didn't want to share we had one really
big scare during the pregnancy and the
other bit it was something that I was
terrified that like Lindsey if she
wasn't in a hospital and she was giving
birth like Lindsey would have died so
that part really freaked Lindsey and I
both out we we are so happy with our
baby now and I think you know the future
one when we feel it will feel fun I
think I would cap the family at two boys
and one girl
rekka Gardner asks you don't ignore the
fact that there are a lot of douche bags
out there and sometimes you have said
you need the Bam's to restore your faith
in humanity as a realist and perhaps a
sin
does it scare you that you have a child
in the world so how do you deal with
this from one civic to another Erica I
think there is no denying that there
there are tons of douche bags and
terrible people out there in the world
and it is a scary place sometimes I
wonder if it's really a scarier place or
if just like the ability and really the
necessity for for mainstream news to
just sensationalize everything has made
us think that in some ways compared to
the past the world is a much safer place
and understand it's some way shape or
form terrible shit will always exist to
it but I don't think that's a reason to
just stop trying I think that if you
want a better future in your own way
however you do it with you your close
group of friends for me hopefully my
audience and then also at home with my
baby boy you have to continue to keep
trying to make something that's that's
awesome that's that's better than where
we started something that that just
benefits people that are not even today
what is my net impact gonna be it might
be nothing at the end of the day but the
more important thing to do is to try to
do good a nation I think that's the note
will end on today if you want next week
for what's up Wednesday I'm gonna have
Lindsay on with me we might get a little
tray if he's not sleeping and or frying
and he's just chilling out so if you
have questions for Lindsay RI or even
the baby although I think he's not gonna
comment on a lot of stuff those comments
down below maybe send him on a Twitter
Facebook Instagram whatever the main
thing here is nation I love yo faces I
hope you have a good rest of your
Wednesday if you have not watched the
other stuff that I was on links and
annotations around me as always I love
your faces and I'll see you tomorrow
