sup nation I'm Steve Zaragoza and I'm
taking over the Philip DeFranco show oh
this is the kind of show where I'm gonna
be talking about all sorts of beautiful
the right fucking annotation on the end
my video all right you're gonna be
fucking Park hop culture bullshit stuff
that you don't give a fuck about but I'm
gonna talk about it anyway all right no
more BS I'm gonna be very honest with
you guys I'm not taking over the Philip
DeFranco show yet what I'm doing is I'm
taking control of Philips whole company
so I'm in charge which means I'm gonna
take care of some business first order
of business come with me I'm gonna take
down this dumb shit I'm going into Phil
streaming room yes and I'm gonna do one
to want to do didn't let's delete all of
his streaming technology he fell amusing
your twitch stream to do this all day
it's the new different going what I'm
doing now is I'm taking an employee
consensus a census and try to figure out
if there's possibly redundancies in the
building basically I'm going around each
employee of DeFranco Inc finding out
what they do here asking them about
their jobs just making sure that their
contribution to the company fits into
the fiscal year let's go do Danny
Rosenberg your fire DJ you're fired
oh you're fired what's your name Anthony
your fire excuse me everybody in here
your fire no it doesn't fit in a fiscal
year budget hey everyone wake up wake
out your fire Christie you're fired
you're fired
yeah oh you're fine go enjoy your phone
stop Jason you're fired you're fired
that sounds good okay and by the way
you're fired everyone's fire really so
now that we fired everyone in the
building what we have now is a clean
start okay we'll start anew DeFranco Inc
when Phil comes back he's gonna be very
excited we're moving in a whole new
direction and at the end of the day
we're gonna find out the fiscal year
budget I don't even know what fiscal
year needs
down yeah no I didn't fire you
oh yeah come back in here what I did
have here is one note for you you're
fired
I'm very excited about the direction
that the whole DeFranco business is
headed in you know during Phil's
paternity leave the fact that he put me
in charge is very exciting it's the
first time I've had these types of
responsibilities and I feel like he's
chosen the right man for the job
2014 is going to be the year of change
it's the year that we destroy comment
commentary we're just gonna need it
we're gonna have to get all this thrown
out but I want you to throw out the
couch I want you to throw it all the
pillows so here I'll make it here
actually you do this cuz I don't want to
write anything this whole thing is just
garbage
you understand me like a whole goddamn
set a fucking bat and we destroy table
time I don't like this set okay it's a
bad set look at how crappy this table is
do you understand me this is no table
top sense sucks pick up the chair and
throw it you just want I want you to
pick up the chit like this
pick up the chair and throw it we're
gonna hit the tabletop bowl with a car
because it's all about just getting rid
of things
cleaning up it's a new you know will
hire homeless people to come clean it up
so I'm just really excited about where
DeFranco zaragoza is headed I really
think that it's going to be a great
venture I think that once the name
changes it's going to be synonymous with
change DeFranco Zaragoza DZ you know
what I mean like you hear that name two
ringers in again it just flows it's like
a it's like a river it's like when
there's a video on the internet where a
man a politician shoot so what's
happening is is uh I don't think we're
gonna need you here anymore basically
the best way I can put it is is your
contributions to the company while they
have been great and while they have been
important to the success and the growth
of the company I feel like it's time for
us to move in a different direction well
I'm just letting you know that you that
you're no longer employed here don't
hesitate to contact me if you need a
referral for a new job or something okay
okay Thank You Phil good talking to you
man and good luck with with Trey there
and tell Lindsey I said hi
all right Phil good times that's the
worst part of my job DeFranco Zaragoza
I'm not really taking over the building
Phil's back
see he's here it's just a joke hashtag
jokes
