you
so it is 447 in the morning I uh oh um
well this guy may be asleep um Lindsay
woke me up at 2:00 cuz that was my shift
um I found that because Lindsay's milk
just came in his stomachs learned to
deal with it and he got really really
poopy butt and one of my classes I
remembered that if you like lift his
knees up like closer to his stomach
it'll cause him to fart and or poop a
lot so I changed like three diapers over
90 minutes and I'm awake mainly because
I want Lindsay to get her sleep because
she's going to take him in for his first
pediatrician thing and I'm gonna maybe
try and sleep during the day I was
thinking about this um I know I do feel
very fortunate and even just the first
few days of having even the first few
days of having like the baby I got one
lots of respect for all the parents out
there that do their time but also once
again more respect for I don't know I
don't know how you raise a baby by
yourself single parents amaze me how Wow
um
I mean I've definitely like even though
I'm getting less sleep I'm learning that
that kind of weird parent adrenaline hi
We're some reason I'm a week at 450 and
I'm not like dragon ass
um but wow I like a single mom who's
like who's working or you think dad that
cuz then then it's like you have to
worry about milk supply versus little
dude was born on the 22nd it's only the
26th I'm experiencing all these new
things everyone that was like you you
don't know what you're expecting I was
like okay I'm gonna believe that I don't
know what to expect like there's no way
to prep completely true
completely
but so far I am I am loving it it's a
it's like that it feels like a real
thing still a real thing
that said it's gonna be interesting to
see how having a baby and then going
back to work next week even though it's
like gonna be kind of an on and off
schedule of Monday Tuesday Wednesday no
Thursdays or Fridays see how it works
so this driving is out for like 10
seconds Rafi oh you just having a panic
man cuz like there's a boobie shortage
yeah there's no more boobies anyone it's
the baby Apokolips walk somebody knows
their first walk yeah first time out
just with them sup mama
hey how's little man we had our first
out of the house outing today what's the
pediatrician met with a lactation
consultant what she says is like you
guys did she high five you after she
said that you do really good she said
everything's good he's lost a little bit
of weight but that's normal yeah first
week right yeah and he's eating a lot I
like as little as belly just sticking
out cuz we just filled him up oh well
cuz your milk just came in yeah I'm up
came in yesterday so he's getting them
the num-nums he's a guy don't even know
how to handle it
oh yeah now I just gotta get him to flip
his days and nights yes very much so
please
are you doing sleepy does this little
smirk of like that sometimes don't even
work
he's like no it's just Oh dreamin of
boobies
