we are announcing the winner through the
holiday contest I'm going to do 30
second and then first in third place
how's your day going you know we're
gonna cover cover a YouTube kind of
story so it's always just like matter
how we fund it however this is gonna be
a shitty day no current wallet this is
what it looks like to swallow that be
ever gotten through the good part of an
Advil it's like candy right the good
part is candy yeah then you get to the
bad part I've done that where you have
the conversation you want to have it you
put the sheets guys I'm not built
today's gonna be a fun day you know why
wow we're revealing the winners of the
sweater ik on tests that we had I feel
like I I know who's gonna win I still
stand by my prediction what was the is
you nicer is you nasty shirt but that
was also before I even saw you just have
that business sense bill you know that's
what it is yeah I just like know works
even though half of this whole vlog is
everyone doing things that they know I'm
not a fan of oh yeah so we're gonna
reveal the winner still then we're gonna
we're gonna figure out who what the
punishment is and what the reward is
yeah I'm very excited to find out what
it is I'm super pumped are you super
pumped I'm so pop we're so pumped also I
have a headache so if I don't seem
pumped it's it's because I hate everyone
I'm having to interact with I won't fill
either confession to make I took a I
took a mile in photon counter yesterday
it's not it's not too revealing I could
no man sir I kept my shirt on and my
pants on oh good okay so what do you
think of that bill who took this photo
Keith okay just wanna know who else I'm
firing he told me my inspiration he was
like imagine like you're taking a shit
uh yeah all right well let's get this
shit day going I mean let's get this day
going
yes you can't why can't I film our
meeting is it just me and you you me
Amanda Brian and Keith I sent out a
meeting request I have to go to a
meeting right now I'm just trying to
keep us organized
if I get on the same page and stuff like
people do that I mean preferably you're
in this meeting I know I want to film
some of it oh shit where's our meeting
room and we like change the name of the
room every time that we have a meeting
you at least am eating snacks we are
having a meeting to discuss the winner
of the holiday contest those winners are
going to do $500 that they were given as
well as the punishment for the loser so
how did it get for the punishment
because Brian oh excuse it to Joe about
having to make a stupid sure Joe gets to
make his one yeah he has to do it
himself
Brian gets to make you do it yourself
whoa and the researchers have to wear it
as well as Joe has to wear it and if we
decide that everyone goes on the penguin
excursion they have to wear it on the
bank you realize do you have to make it
joke right look I I can't use a program
I have the greatest idea fritter which
is what now I can't reveal it yet he's
gonna be okay this is me because I know
Brian he's gonna be so angry if your
shirt sells more than one I do not think
from a merchandise standpoint that what
you are going to send out into the world
is going to sell more than what we just
sold
I mean it's the fans lose in the end
you're literally just throwing money at
this company for a shitty t-shirt just
so Joe win think before you spend your
money parents credit cards you know I
think people are gonna like my design
Brian I'm super excited to design a
shirt
what up what do I have to do so I have
to work with programs oh yeah I don't
know okay okay so I can make it to the
new transfer oh do I now Bo stuff you
got to do it all do it all yeah what do
you think I'm your I have no creative
input sorry but you're the design guy I
mean I'm I'll do the creative designing
but what about I saw you have like a
weird paper tart thing I say for a chart
thing what do you mean paper chart thing
Oh bill I got some great news
ah Christian and Amanda and everybody
else is letting me design my own sweater
I'm so happy Phil aren't you happy for
me I know we talked about this I thought
how would you still weasel your way into
making a shirt I don't know because
every vlog everybody cut up my idea
nobody want to use my idea I literally
heard the Brian said I'm not making a
stupid fucking show you really said that
I mean maybe I don't know if I is
supposed to repeat those okay well I'm
gonna prove Brian wrong and prove
everybody wrong how people need this
sweatshirt the inspiration guys just hit
me with this sweater design the more you
talk the more thankful I am for Keith
all right well let you know what I'll
let you know when I'm done cool Joe okay
Brian
you ready to make your t-shirt sweater
has to be sweater what do I get to work
with I can give you this and this huge
it making you made that yes all right
what do I use to design my thing yes
Photoshop okay cool you can use pen
paper and scan it into the computer
I'm really excited Brian I'm excited to
see it I'm excited to see you in my
sweater I think you're gonna like it
I hope I do I'm gonna I'm gonna impress
you Brian I hope so yeah take my job
maybe I'll get a promotion all right
Keith give me some love about this
design my shirt okay any advice
cool thanks all right
don't you mean holiday tree look at
snowflake
all right Phil you're ready to see my
shirt design sure look nice and hard on
it Brian didn't even help me is that
true
really I think even like Joe refused
because like I'm an artist okay right
here it is Phil one two three what are
your thoughts bill you like if I say I
hate it and it's gonna sell better so
it's pretty good Joe although it says
one two three trees one two tree than
right for this is the proof that phil
has put the right people on the right
job I think it's gonna do I think
visually the design is not great the
design is subpar it is really only gonna
live or die based off of people wanting
to see myself and or Kristy frustrated
yeah I can't wait to wear it though Phil
now as you pointed out that it's one two
tree tree I hate we are announcing the
winners of the holiday contest no you
got the numbers from yes I'm gonna be a
holy shit you can see it yeah we haven't
behind the secret pillow I'm gonna do 30
second and then first in third place we
have Zach Luke yeah second place we have
PDFs and blog Hilary and Kristen
the losing team and they only lost by
about 60 was the reason
we're the aquarium in Long Beach was
looking at the wrong aquarium page so
what I was looking at was in Newport
Kentucky and so you would bring 15
people and it was 375 however California
does not have Kentucky prices and it's
$100 per person how many will we bring
we're bringing five that's $500 but you
said that we would have some money left
over a hotel the night before we pour
the other three it's Hillary and I
obviously cuz we won Joe has to come
because he's gonna fill the experience
Ryan is getting to go because he made
all that we're picking the fist persons
I have put everyone's names in a ball
except for the researchers like extra
bead and they have to choose I feel like
they should both if they want get veto
power one time is that the veto is that
the person the person that is not going
Zach village
jay-bez
the final part of the punishment is that
Joe got to create a shirt that says one
to treat and you guys have to wear it
for a full day it's a great was a lot of
fun Brian did a really good job
I said earlier that Jason really wanted
to go you told me I don't like to go he
looks like he's sitting down he's
thinking about what he's gonna do to me
