nation I could actually I could probably
be semi loud buddy he's a little booby
drunk no just chilling last night was
our first I'd say hard night partly
because his schedule is all reversed he
was asleep and during the day really
awake at night and I kept looking at
like the way I was swaddling and I was
like it doesn't seem like I'm doing it
right and so I have like three of the
nerves just showed me their way and I
found the way that worked with him this
is not it by the way in case you were
like that is a terrible job this is just
him balls out and and so it figured that
out figure out the swaddle figured out
this is the position that he loves daddy
the most and by loves daddy I mean he's
not screaming also Lindsey's been on
like antibiotics since the the delivery
and anytime the IVs done rather then I
feel like it's 2014 so like a little
little light should flash up at the
nurse's station but for some reason the
way that it signals that it's done we're
like really far away from the nurse's
station is it just goes like babe brave
bird which is fantastic next to a woman
who just gave birth trying to sleep and
a baby that had just been been cleaned
and swaddled oh man but I stressful as
that like really bad first night is it
was like the night that pushed me into
figuring out how all this is gonna work
and how I'm gonna do stuff and Oh giving
him give him giving him the pinky in the
mouth that that's been a lifesaver so
far and I'm sure I'm gonna find to punch
it other little tricks but I just
thought I'd say hey from the hospital I
love your face
I love your faces as well
yeah
hey buddy
you keep resting and batter huh yeah
yeah I know
such a good boy case what is it is that
baby
where's AIDS has always been really
confused by babies and small children
rookies good with the baby rookie smells
it means his tag that his tag his tail
wags this guy that he's so confused
what'd you do what'd you do did you rock
the baby he'll your tails going you know
what that is that's a little baby daddy
that's daddy's baby so he's actually
been better since we brought him home I
think it was like all those machines
beeping and people in and out constantly
with them uh but uh Lindsay and I have
been taken like turns she she took a
massive part of last night I'm doing a
lot this morning when these mom's here
it's been helping us we're just watching
huh we're watching some Clone Wars
I made this the best DIY ever so you got
any sleep yet a little bit can't you
tell I'm beautifully rest oh we're just
trying to get the schedules thank you
schedules figure it out as best we can I
don't know what I mean by schedule that
you're getting used to it that's all
worth it yeah he's so yummy you sure
there's some
my god being an absentee mom yeah
absentee well cuz Phil's always just
filming when I'm like well like get in
Manipuri showering well I'm not filming
the other times because that's what I'm
sleeping yes
