hey guys walk back to the vlog me uh
Phil had a baby or something I'm not
really sure so we decided to go around
the office and have people read a speech
simple speech Gettysburg Address but we
threw in a little twist let me show you
four score and seven years ago our
fathers brought forth on this continent
on tonight and a new nation and its
conceived in Liberty DB DD I dedicated
the shooter to the proposition that all
men are created equal
I don't think Daniel day-lewis could do
better you know what yeah you're right
four score and seven years ago our
fathers brought forth on this continent
a new nation conceived in limb conceived
in Liberty and dedicated to the
proposition that all men are created
equal
v fuck then while we are engaged in a
great Civil War testing whether that
nation or nation is so conceived and so
dedicated can long endure we are met on
a great battlefield of that war we have
come to dedicate dedicate a portion of
that field as a final resting place for
those who here gave their lives that
that nation must live it is altogether
fitting that proper that we should do
this yeah but in a larger sense we
cannot dedicate we cannot consecrate we
cannot hallow this ground the brave men
living and dead who struggled here have
consecrated it far above our poor power
to detract the world will know about
that oh the world will little little
little know the world will little note
nor long remember what we say here but
it can never forget what they did here
it is for us the living rather to be
dedicated here to the unfinished work
you're doing perfect alright this is
ridiculous
supposed to be doing you're doing better
than we ever expected anyone to do with
this which they have fun here so far
that's the spot so nobly advanced
it is rather for us to be here dedicated
to the great task remaining before us
that for thee from these honored dead we
take increased devotion to that cause
for which they gave the last full
measure of devotion whose pretty solid
been Lincoln yeah now we are highly
resolve that these dead shall not have
died in vain that this nation under God
shall have a new birth of freedom--and
that government of the people by the
people for the people should not bear
bear children Eric was fuckin awful man
what is that we cannot hallow this
ground
the brave men living and dead who
struggled here have consecrated it far
above our poor power to add or detract
the world well now na not winnow long I
remember that will you say anybody
cannot forget yeah I think we got it I
can't read anymore
