all right we're a done growl hopefully
you can guess with these babies is I'm
going to show you babies and you have to
guess pooling the office the baby is
alright but this might be real difficult
alright this one's a looker still is
today what do you think this is William
Haines oh my goodness absolutely not not
at all I'm gonna takin a better look
oh that's bill for sure you got it looks
like a weird little troll I really don't
know you know guess look at this hair
look at his hair his hair is exactly the
same is it Phil and his fence job this I
can assure you won't get a fence drive
CJ no oh is it drew Coons no Brian no
look in those eyes the eyes give it away
it's James it's Jane so Wow first person
to get him the first hits James back
when he had hair look in those eyes the
James James James James oh my god when
he was innocent this one might be
difficult to tell through all this swag
it's got on not Danny no Christie mm-hmm
that boy it's a boy whoops lenses photo
taken that could be that could be 1953
good it'd be I don't know thank you what
can you tell about the photo it's old
its old mmm Oh Joanna it's Joe gray who
the fuck is it it's Joe that's Joe mmm
this one boy man I just want to run this
boy a bath
it's a boy are you sure that's like a
lady baby you gotta know who this is
I look at it and I want to
like heaven brew it I don't know who
that is is it CJ it's CJ oh man who is
that little baby used to baby boy boy
and we sure it's a boy it's an
absolutely sure whatever it is look like
a little girl when they're a baby this
is devastating
