congratulations very much on your first
child Phil and Lindsay I'm really really
excited to get to see you get to raise
your kid because I'm really unbelievably
excited just for both of you I know this
is something that you guys have been
wanting for a very long time and I'm
very happy to see it finally happening
so congratulations big congratulations
to Phil and lens on their their bundle
of joy you guys are going to be
fantastic parents and I can't wait to me
baby DeFranco hey Phil Lindsey graduated
hey quiet
it went quiet congratulations on the new
P I said shut up
congratulations on your new baby boy
such a joy congratulations Lindsey and
Phil but now put your happiness aside
because the competition starts today can
your little beat this one in two
cute battle is your boo-boo took on a
wrestle no seriously congratulations if
you guys ever need a babysitter or
somebody uh s Tricia say no no baby no
one is more excited about new baby to me
and I guess uh yeah congratulations to
you Phil
congratulations to Lindsay you're a
mommy soon and I promise not to like
nibble on the baby's feet I might needle
a little bit just please quick bring in
the office
please soon yes Wow
congratulations Phil Lindsey you made a
baby wow that's so hard oh how hard is
that to make a baby I can make a million
babies right now if you just if you just
give me the vessels but anyways
congratulations so difficult to do what
you did and you're obviously you're a
show-off that that you're in love you
guys are loved so who's Linda nice keep
showing off Phil Lindsay congratulations
you guys unless you're family that is
amazing I'm so excited that we're about
to welcome young baby DeFranco into this
world you guys's love knows no bounds
you're an inspiration and I'm so excited
about your new family so rock and roll
guys congratulations on your new baby
boy that is so amazing you guys are
gonna be amazing parents congratulations
Phil and Lindsay on your bundle of joy
hope you guys enjoy parenthood
yay Congrats what's up Phil and Lindsay
I just want to say congratulations on
beautiful baby to Franco I love you guys
both very much
Wow Congrats Phil congratulations Phil
and Lizzy you made a spawn I'm in bed
right now which is a place you're not
gonna be very much in the future but
that's cool because you created a life
ah best vlog
yeah bless you
congratulations Phil and Lindsey it's
now on the outside so now it poops and
you have to clean it up
congratulations Phil Lindsey on the baby
you guys are great I got you guys a nice
little baby present
yes sir welcome to come pick it up any
time slightly used hey Phil and Lindsey
congratulations on making a baby that
was the easy part
now you're gonna teach them how to eat
solid foods and poop in the toilet and
pick the best title and thumbnail for a
video Phil and Lindsey I wanted to say
congratulations on your new baby child
it's new one in the world and I wanted
to wish you merry Thank You Phil and
lenzi or using your sex to make a person
that I can hug we just wanted to say
congratulations you guys are going to
make amazing parents and we love you so
much and we love the baby look we got
put we got this yes
you're kidding see my way to meet up
where's my station where it is oh my
fingers covering it's even play oh let
me go okay where to me hey
congratulations Phil from being a dad
Phil Lindsey congratulations
I think you guys going to be super
awesome fun great parents so
congratulations hey you two
congratulations on your new bundle of
joy I know baby DeFranco will be cared
for and loved beyond imagine as he
should be and you two are gonna do great
congratulations
hey Phil ng you guys are finally having
your kid and I am so excited for the
both you guys it's been a long time
coming and I'm just so happy for the
both of you but you remember that thing
called sleep well you're not gonna get
it anymore so good
with that congratulations Phil at
Lindsey I am just I'm so excited for
both of you guys I cannot wait to meet
your small tiny little human you guys
are both so amazing and I cannot even
imagine the amazing child that you guys
are both going to race together I love
you and yeah if you guys need me toys my
house looks like a toy store so I will
bring some over so that's it bye I love
you guys so much I had my swim lesson
and it's happening like right now you're
getting brought so proud of you and I
can't wait to beat your son if you guys
hey film lens I basically just got the
plate and found out that you are in
labor I'm so excited to me baby to
Franco and thank you so much for letting
me and everyone else kind of be part of
this journey Lindsay you are a badass
warrior bitch and I tell you that daily
and I know everything is gonna go so
well and just I'm excited to snuggle
with a little baby DeFranco grandma
Megan that's me but congratulations you
guys are awesome and I'm so happy for
your happiness okay yeah Phill Lindsay
congratulations on your little bundle of
joy I am so excited I wish you all the
best
Lindsay and Phil what's up
congratulations on the baby this is
incredible I can't wait to buy him
little monster truck wheels and
like that and a paintball gun when he's
like 14 or whatever I'm gonna be the bad
uncle you know that that's my job
I love you guys congratulations no Phil
I don't know if you know how babies are
made but you got one now with it you
want to instill oh shut up
congratulations Phil Lindsey happy happy
birthday congratulations on your child
we think you guys are gonna be great
practice a real heavy congratulations
congratulations I'm free to babysit
anytime you don't trust me all right you
know get off
you
