morning okay morning good morning good
morning good morning morning we're going
around the office asking people
questions that shouldn't phase a fifth
grader I like to play games with fifth
graders even stupid Jeff Foxworthy show
and everyone looks like an asshole and
I'm gonna look like an asshole so yeah I
was doing Oh make you look good who
thinks if it what is the most abundant
element in the universe or nitrogen
whomp-whomp quick question air oh how
many millimeters are in a centimeter
Emily is the centimeter is but well when
you get freaking out to the terminology
and the origin of the process a
millimeter is nothing but a millionth of
it
who's the question yes
he repeat the question yeah there are
how many millimeters in a centimeter can
use it in a sentence how many sides does
a heptagon seven nice seven know it is
oh really yeah yep cool perfect boom
what year did the Pilgrims land on
Plymouth Rock 1802 like a century are
now you see Plymouth Rock wasn't uh
wasn't easy
all right you know the pilgrims have to
travel all the way back from the
pilgrimage and uh 1698 right century is
seventeen oh no no back 1608 sixteen
twelve fourteen ninety six no no no no
give it your two centuries off 1620 try
all I know is come up as ravely Indians
and land on Plymouth Rock went over
those Rock landed on us any number to
the power of zero is equal to what value
Ciera negative one and negative one one
one second oh one boom sorry
oh no a second any number to the power
of zero is he for hundred everybody
knows I
density describes the mass of an object
divided by what its volume oh yeah these
are fifth-grade question volume yeah I'm
a way to remember that it looks like a
heart like a M over B it looks like a
heart so density equals mass over volume
something I thought I forgot
that's the equals love yo it how do you
feel about this I feel confident yeah I
want to scope wisdom teeth are what type
of teeth molars wisdom teeth are
actually dilapidation the laminations
teeth that form through the micro fibers
of dust they happen to the partition
multi-universe what is the term length
for a u.s. representative as his
representative is two years two years
ding ding ding ding ding ooh 12 years 17
years two years mm one year 12 months in
16 years I feel like I'm no good this
one still in can dessa
can I get a popper least in a sentence
hey that's incandescent properly used in
a sentence can you give me its origin
French France incandescent ah and see
hey how many syllables are there for I
use it in a haiku haha incandescent i NC
a and D e SC ENT nice i n CA and
des see ENT hmm i n c and d es c en t mm
D I and C a and D see hey lqm TV
incandescent cool pre-close consider
more yeah yeah I'm getting to it
this is the part where I have a problems
it's like it's spelled the same way
fluorescent is spelled a c c e n t
you did it good job actually you did the
best that everybody ready yeah he
struggled a lot with the answers we kind
of gave him chilled
