being a good dad already putting
together shit that I couldn't figure out
so we have a co-sleeper that we set up
also let's try to get used to it being
there and stuff like that just trying to
get the house ready with one week left
I'm using some smarts but mainly just
caveman it's actually a safety boat yeah
you did it hey now we have to go find
the battery D batteries who gives D
batteries on the end
yeah but of is nursery right now or you
don't artwork to go right here
should be here on Thursday and it's
still coming together beat the diaper
changing area eventually but oh this is
for you isn't yeah that's for
breastfeeding this is the my breast
friend yeah this and then uh his aliyul
a baby here yeah I think so and there's
a movie yeah I want to show you guys
this area over here like I could show
you a little bit of this blanket but
we've got some baskets down here that
say his name on it I can't show you that
hey Phil hey will how you doing I'm good
how you doing I'm doing great how are
you emotionally I'm good actually
why so I've been running recently
running oh you're doing that exercise
thing alright it's Ryan - would you be
willing to do some push-ups for us right
now how many pushups can you do none
really none well well let's see it are
you see it why the house is about me all
right fine oh right here right now come
on buddy
no uh that's it that's it you can't do
it I don't even know if I could do it
right now what's it lets people go super
wide mean right but I don't know I
haven't done I haven't tried to do one
of these one huh
yeah like huh oh yeah that's good form
good for oh thanks sticks will ya I'm
your new personal trainer that'll be
like 500 bucks can you do like two
jumping jacks I would love that Phil
please for me
no for me let me say for me like you
have some like a hidden agenda yeah not
a hidden hidden agenda the agenda is not
hidden
I understand the reasoning behind it I
just want it if Phil can you you want to
lift this these these these weights
right here can you paint your dick Kenya
I've never once seen you do it never
once look the movies yep why I just want
to see it why yeah you gotta go shoulder
shoulder wit all right and then you just
and you go slow cause too many people
like they just like swing it yeah make
you feel good yeah well I mean I think
anyone like their first time back like
the forum going well you can do this no
I can't
what about you two will I want you to
point your roll up your sleeves all
right ladies
maybe you'll get some more win a date
with will submissions once they see your
your arm muscle all right all right
ladies now oh no how much is this it's
25 each Oh see you got that look at that
he's a grown man
yes I physically have about me oh shit
how much do you weigh 135 there you go
lay that Louie that that's right ladies
if you're 50 pounds William Haynes gonna
throw you over his head hey you have a
baby that's like coming out in like a
day right a day like it might be
tomorrow you wouldn't be safe if it was
tomorrow it could be right we're within
essentially five six days as if you're
recording this supposed to be eight for
21st I feel like right I'm excited I'm a
little bit nervous
I feel like Lindsay's excited she's
really nervous because she's gonna
actually
to go through the breaking law on life
are you okay um I think the people most
terrified are our sales team my sales
team is like or what are you doing the
baby's coming I was like well back in
the week off and then I'm gonna figure
it out and they're like we sold spots
you have to do that I might no I don't
actually have to do them so you know you
can figure that out
have you got an outfit planned for the
for the baby room what I mean is that
what they do have an outfit I mean a
thing that you wear like this is the
first time baby defranco's gonna see you
got to put on like a suit for the thing
you know a special FHP shirt that you
like yes that's what he's gonna care
babies their eyes are all crossed
anywheres we're gonna be happy fuzzy
sheeps I don't think they can even
actually see more than like 10 inches in
front of them so you got to get real
close all right
and it'll be like baby look at the show
yeah look at this shirt you're like Iron
Giant Oh what explain stuff about guns
to me ah well you put ammo and it goes
boom okay I'm sold
Second Amendment uh freedom concealed
carry my figured is silent I also also
players also I got a lift up because
otherwise it looks like what's laying in
your lap Oh Oh Mike come back come back
did only laughs Kevin tell me about
Santa again so here you're good all year
just haven't bar becomes Christmas Eve
gives you all the presents it embeds
incentive all the present all the
presents last year daddy isn't rich yeah
it's good if he's not rich then your
canted shit out a lot if you ever
actually uh believe in the Easter Bunny
well I'm sure I believe in the Easter
Bunny when I was a little child yeah
well I think I finally realized that hey
this Easter Bunny is like not really
I was like spry like my senior year in
college I don't know I feel like I was
always very skeptical but I knew that
the Easter Bunny wasn't real because my
dad decided oh you're gonna mute it my
dad decided to tell me that I would
never know if I saw the Easter Bunny
because the Easter Bunny had magical
gloves that he would punch you with and
you would forget stuff like you and yeah
he would he would do that he told me
that the Easter Bunny had magic gloves
yeah it sounds like at some point your
dad was probably playing eggs around the
house and then you came downstairs like
woke up and then he just like yeah yes
I'll be giving you a child and then he
came over this whole thing well you know
the Easter Bunny has magical gloves and
he'll knock you out if you you know
catch a thing in hydrate egg right
that's a great thing but like what if
like during like when my parents were
getting divorced I told the I told the
judge it was like yeah is that dad's
granted I might have forgotten some
stuff because the Easter Bunny sometimes
punches me in the face they were like
okay yeah family judge like whoa rewind
to the part about the Easter Bunny
inflicting violence you're like oh yeah
you know that
