nation I hope you're having an awesome
Wednesday I am here I'm ready to answer
your questions that's what we do every
Wednesday so far until I don't do it
anymore you of course can ask me more
questions down in the comments down
below I also pimp it out on Twitter
Facebook even Instagram sometimes that
said let's jump into it what is your
favorite place where you have traveled
if it's for the people and the nation I
have to say at Ireland hands down if
it's for just like the view and the
culture and all of that stuff I would
say Italy all over Italy I loved it so
much all right 1997 says did you ever
expect to be in this position when you
were a teenager god no I thought it was
gonna be a really really sad doctor and
or a really happy plastic surgeon this
whole YouTube thing started from like
boredom that turned into passion that
turned into business and now is business
passion passion made us be a word I made
up but it is accurate Youssef Patel
wrote unboard of life should I start
eating myself fat or develop a meth
addiction both of those things sound
terrible I have gone down the road of
eating myself fat and then that just
that just like late it's essentially a
delicious layer cake of depression and
what I found at least in the past week
so far is running while hard in the
moment makes me so happy afterwards I
feel like I've accomplished something
because there is this this kind of
hurdle and if I didn't if I didn't kind
of skimp Ni Ni Ni and I completed it and
I didn't cheat because at that point
you're really only cheating yourself
it's actually it's close that as far as
like challenges and stuff that's where
I've felt the most accomplished in fact
the reason I want to keep running isn't
necessarily just to be healthier that's
definitely thing it's just so that I can
run for a longer amount of time like
that's where my head's at right now the
beta alien says what is your best
nostalgic memory I would say when I
first came out here and and I would go
boogie boarding with my buddy
Shay I haven't had a friend like that in
a very very long time so I think as far
as like fond memories and my adulthood
fad and if anything like from the past
probably hanging out my dad just like
playing video games going out that's
kind of the stuff of my god good times
Liz asked what childhood activity did
you love and are you going to share with
your own soon-to-be spawn that one
simple swings swings are the best thing
in the world even like if I'm having a
day if I can take myself out and like
and go to the beach for whatever reason
I will go to where they have the adult
swings and just swing there for an it
really an obnoxious amount of time while
like people are looking and waiting
their turn I could just do that and it's
I don't like to jump off of them it's
just it's just it's a mindless
fun thing yeah so I'm gonna be I'm gonna
be that that dad that takes his kid to a
swing or I'm gonna like make one in my
backyard buzz three double-oh-seven says
is being open about your life and
opinions on stuff on the internet
affected your relationships with people
yes definitely what I've said online has
had impacts with my my old friends my
mom my dad but it's part of it's part of
being honest you know it's it's getting
it out there and and people can be
offended if it's if it's opinions or
something like that then I think that's
more of a gray area but when you're like
just saying stuff that happened you know
there's there's only so much people get
angry at it's like I can't believe you
told people about that shitty thing that
I did so it's definitely had an impact I
think a bigger part of like the past few
years has been myself learning to
learning to not talk about some stuff
because because I can't because because
it sometimes relates to my work or the
people that that are here and it's
business with the whole like system of
things that you can or can't say so so
for that for that moment for that part
I've had to like just curb sometimes the
rage of like when just going off on
someone not Jacob says if you ended the
PDS what do you continue to make videos
in some other way yeah I do think that I
think it's it's it's that interesting
question right because I'm constantly
thinking when the PDS at least in its
current form will end and it's it's it's
a mishmash of like things that I want
and also by contractual obligations mmm
that's such a sexy word contractual
obligations what I will say is I believe
that in the next four to five years my
situation will be different and at that
time maybe I'm gonna just do other
videos I don't know how to say this
properly
Sooni says would you cut off one of your
fingers for infinite money that is a
silly ass question because of course you
didn't cut off my whole left hand for
infinite money money may not be what
everything is about and it does not
provide happiness but oh my god being on
both sides of the fence it makes life a
lot easier granted there are negative
things that go along with it but it's
like emotional things that make me
depressed and not that I can't eat like
that stuff like I specifically know that
I've had friends that became friends to
get stuff or positions or stuff like
that for me but that's like an emotional
on that kind of sucks thing that's not
like a I'm gonna live on the streets
kind of sauce oh yes Tyler asks if you
can answer weird Meg and Elliott go all
of these guys of their own choosing are
leaving source but we've known one for a
very long time the other was something
that kind of sprung up and then happened
two months issue later it's really
interesting because you find these guys
usually when they don't have an audience
they really have no foothold and you see
them grow like I'm actually I'm
genuinely even though it sucks like I
want I wanted Elliott to be on like
a pop culture channel like I I'm excited
to see what the guy does next I'm trying
to think of how to compliment him
without like disrespecting everyone else
but they're there there's something
special about like the guys last day
coming in and he's like a little choked
up and he thanks me for essentially
starting his career and and like it's
just it's there's a level of a class
that you root for someone so ultimately
you get sad to see them go but you're
also happy because their career gets to
potentially flourish and you get to
bring in new faces and spice things up
here bread call thorn ass if something
happen to you slash Lindsay and two
people maybe from the office how to
raise your son instead of you who would
it be
well so in the real world I think that
it would be Lindsay's Lindsay's dad and
stepmom I think that's who I would
probably go to and that's just off the
top of my head that's not like an
official thing if if it had to be
someone from the office that's how
that's so hard
probably Joe Bereta because so far he's
he's kind of two for two with making
awesome kids and some of that has to be
genetics but some of that has to be how
he's raising and the other person would
probably have to be Trisha Hershberger I
think she's gonna be a good mom Larissa
and this is Lindsey okay with you going
to strip clubs clubs and bars with your
guy friends yes actually I mean the
first thing I don't go to clubs I
dislike clubs they're obnoxious and then
yeah Lindsey is completely fine with me
going to the bars to strip clubs
anything like that in fact I don't think
we've ever even had like a big
discussion on if she's always been cool
confident both in herself and I imagine
in me Sam Burling asks have you given
any further thought to when you might
hold the wedding no honestly if Lindsey
wants my input on it I will give it but
for the most part when we're everything
it's gonna be up to her I I've said in
several videos before for Lindsey I was
never a big believer in marriage I still
think that the institution and the
expectation is a bit crazy but I've
always I've always known that we're not
always known I've known for a long time
that Lindsey was my one and I
never really felt like I needed to do
the ring or the wedding but it was
literally so that she knew I was there
and that's and so at the end of the day
I just want what she wants so she's
thinking about it but obviously she's
thinking about baby first very
interesting question from paranoid pixel
I realize how weird if a question this
is that's how you know it's gonna be
good if the nation as a whole was a
person will you trust said person with
your baby no that's because you're
talking about like 85% a normal person
and then a left arm that just grabs and
smashes stuff against other stuff so no
I love you though nation you can come
hang out maybe push baby to Franco on
the swings with your good arm and that
was a weird set of questions nation
thank you for the the questions if you
want to ask me something you can leave a
comment question down below words and
stuff and you know what actually let's
let's maybe do a video submissions if
you want to this time you want to submit
a video question upload the video to
YouTube in the title put a shag ask to
Franco and you might be in next
Wednesday's Q&A video that could be fun
maybe by chance but with that said I
love yo faces if you have not watched
today's PDS check it out I think I was
also on a table talk I don't know I'm on
so many things these days I forget links
around my face I have a good one nation
