good morning Phil okay good morning hey
buddy good morning no how you doing
hello sir
we're gonna play a little game would you
rather you ready would I rather play
this game or not would you rather make
out with your cousin or wear cutoff
shorts your whole life never taking them
off you'd be in never knew I know I
would definitely make out my guess
really Wow no debate is it a male cousin
or a female it's up to you whatever digs
you okay
is it an attractive cousin doing it do
you have one you get the feel because if
I have an attractive cousin or not
Cynthia I find it very attractive even
though you're my cousin you're right
you're a muffles girl you see my cousin
if I already make out with my cousin so
questions answered I got a hot cousin
so would you make out with your peasant
would you wear the shorts I reassurance
fuck those shorts
forevers a long time yeah the rest of
your life you'll be buried at them
would you rather brutally murder your
entire family or be part of the Human
Centipede I'm in the front Sam's in the
middle you're in the back I'm in the
back so I'm getting all of that coming
my way yeah I'm the front Sam the middle
you're the back oh you guys chose yeah
who's the front me I mean your crap yeah
well it's gonna do a ruse and I'm eating
his and then you need both of ours on
the back you get your the back
Oh least I don't have to live with the
guilt of crapping in somebody's mouth so
no one's eating my butt but you are
eating Sam's but I'm using your butt
yeah it's will shit processed through
your digestive like if I had a Krispy
Kreme donut it would go through me
through Sam yeah and then through you so
I'd be eating the poop of Krispy Kreme
poop my family or salmon will my two
favorite people in the world or my
family who I'm supposed to love more
than anybody else that's what we call it
catch-22 I'd say I'd sacrifice myself to
the human centipede would you rather
forget who you were or forget who
everyone
no it oh I've thought about this many
times forget who I am because everyone
else could teach me that's like my
number-one fear when they do a
Pottermore test they ask you like what
would you rather do and like your
biggest fear my biggest fear was waking
up and having my friends and family
forget who I was because that's
heartbreaking spend every night of my
life trying to forget Who I am
everybody I know because I have the
pleasure of reintroducing myself new
first impressions I could make new
friends and I could find out who was
truly my friend you got trust issues why
would you say that you know what I'm
gonna go with I feel like it's so
dangerous to not know where who you are
I'm going with everyone forget Who I am
I would every day be different like this
I would not have thought of every day
then you just wake up tomorrow and
you've got everything you don't know
wiped clean pretty refreshing like some
people want that I think like you still
know math and stuff but I don't know
math at oh you you can still read and
whatnot I barely read oh um you can tie
your shoes well I don't worry cubes in
his undies hey oh oh forgot that on
camera - what you owe me brother Draper
yeah babe hold on one second
thank you this is exhaust
