good morning nation eat is around six
o'clock i should actually whisper um I'm
uh as part of like a eating healthy but
also being more organized than which I'm
trying to do in my life making myself
some breakfast that we got somehow we
got some black tea going over here we're
gonna have eggs and chicken because i
thought i was buying ground turkey but
I'm stupid gonna throw on a little salsa
maybe a little a little cayenne pepper
let me do that rather than talking to
you otherwise I'm gonna destroy any okay
I love you buddy and so what's nice
about this is now I have breakfast and
cleaning up in about five minutes i got
my drinks today I kind of had a happy
accident I went to LAX after scheduling
like five six months ago to have an
interview
which means I want to come back into the
country I don't have to wait in the
crazy crazy well in line I suggest scan
my passport bypass all that interview
which is very interesting I felt like I
kind of felt like a spy because they
were like so we've seen that you went to
Ireland this place this place just like
a rattle them all I've been kind of to a
lot of places took like five minutes and
now I have that so I can you know
traveling will be a lot easier but on
the way back particularly two hours on
the highway like really really bad
traffic so I was like digital TV I don't
know why I can just say I'd put it don't
use the freeway and it took me the
scenic way to a place that I haven't
been in a while this is actually a
forgot the name of the speed but I
figured I haven't seen the ocean of it I
don't have my first call for like two
hours let's let's check this out also I
had I had apparently shorts in my trunk
so I'm gonna run for the first time in
forever so you know you
a beautiful thing time to get really
sweaty we realize how bad I am so let's
do that so that's good I didn't die I
did at its day one of the other couch to
5k so essentially what it is like you a
new job flash sprint for a minute and
then for like a minute 15 to a minute 30
you walk just so you know don't kill
yourself on the first try so it's good
celebrate it's time to dip some toes and
breathe normal yeah
a good start to the day a nice little
run-in come on lungs hurting my heart
beating gonna head into the office it'll
work no my lady Friday
a nation I think where I am today is
just in a state of reclaiming things
that I want my time my patience my
general happiness my sanity my health
things that that are really important
because a lot of people have a ton of
things in the air lots of
responsibilities and worries and and all
these things but at the end of the day
you can't control a lot of stuff and if
you're not if you're not making what you
can control the best then we really have
we have no excuse you know that's where
that's where my head is if I'm not
taking care of my health then you know
the other stuff the negativity maybe
that comes to me because of it who knows
but I'll never know if there is a better
side to things if I don't take control
of what I can and that's that's really
where i am i know a lot of people don't
change until it's like you might die but
it is also i wanna i want to feel good I
mean I feel great right now trying I'm
trying to think of how to say it because
it's as realization but it's not like
this life-altering to the point of like
my life is so negative and now I'm gonna
make it happy I'm in a generally good
place but I want to make it even better
and I want to be a good example to my
son and I want to I don't know just do
that and even though I'm the only one
that can do it i'm also the one that
stops it and that's that it's not unique
to me it's a very human thing so with
that negative thought it leads i think
to a lot of positivity and I'm not gonna
be talking about like which work out
some doing and blah blah blah but you
know I'm gonna try and put some change
in my life and maybe that's something
that you can think about to what are the
things in your life that make you happy
and what are the things that you hate
and what can you do what can you do what
can you actually control you can control
some of it you can't control all of it
and it's at least a very very smart
start so with that thought i'm gonna say
goodbye to you I love your faces nation
if you haven't watched today's philip
defranco show check it out i was also on
a table talk other things and stuff is
links everywhere i love your faces and
i'll see you tomorrow
