I think Thursday to you nation um I
thought I'd start today by showing you
you guys you know you know the chill the
hell out room it is connected to the
room that I found the philip Franco show
but we've also turned it into a second
set which is going to be for my like my
podcast slash interview slash long-form
show and it looks like this I thought I
thought you might wanna why not check it
out I got a bunch of pictures that I've
taken a bunch of are some a few pictures
that were behind the scenes of DeFranco
guys Vancouver got some some toys going
on over here this crazy thing the
Triforce sent us and I'll still make a
video opening all the stuff there they
sent us so much stuff and then of course
the Philip DeFranco show set there you
go and so I want to talk about kind of
two things that were on my mind today
the first was it was it's very it's been
very interesting just seeing just you
reaction from people of me sharing
individual things of just like prepping
for the baby because what's like Lindsay
and I talked about yesterday uh just to
each other people watching mommy
vloggers and like family vlogs oh my god
they criticize everything and so I don't
know just even like the smallest thing I
took a picture I went to the
MinuteClinic to get a vaccination for
whooping cough
apparently all our doctors say
California just terrible for whooping
cough babies are like super susceptible
to it for about three months until they
can get their shot and get vaccinated
for it so you know we got vaccinated we
had the other parents do it we had to
send and I was like I even in the text
message to like the friends that we
expect to be around the baby a decent
amount I was like hey I hate to be one
of those people but all our doctors are
telling us that like if people are going
to come over a lot and we want you to be
one of those people that come over a lot
to hang out with us and the baby get
vaccinated everyone was like really on
board knows like okay awesome
and I just posted a picture and I was so
surprised but there were so many people
like thank you for getting out there
that vaccinations like are good
and I was like yeah of course like you
get vaccinated as a kid so you don't die
for measles yay but I like looked online
and there was a lot of people that are
like super against it and and I it gets
to the point where you like you look at
the information you look a lot of it
kind of goes into that but no matter
what it is people go online and then
they just like instead of like actually
googling to challenge their thoughts
which I think you should do for
everything you just Google to confirm
them and and like there there are people
it doesn't seem like there's a lot of
people in the nation there's a few in
the nation that were anti-vaxxers and
it's not like I even get angry at them I
know that people do because they say
they're the reason like stuff's coming
back whatever I'll let that argument go
somewhere else I feel I feel terrified
for for the kids and I think and even
more so I think the thing that's in my
head is I think the reason it's such a
big issue just anything with kids is
because choices are being made for them
everything everything and I know it's
just such a such an interesting
interesting thing it's just like a vida
oh that even like watching family
vloggers like a kid falls and he gets
like a bruise on his arm and then like
you see like a small section of the
comments are like it's child abuse it's
shot you're like kids fall bro so even
though I'm not going to share like all
my choices with what we're doing with my
kid and eventually our kids I will say
that we are or 100 percent going to to
get him vaccinated I keep almost saying
his name and so that's why he keeps
stuttering also on a lighter note during
the vaccinations I was like oh I forgot
that this is not it like I don't know if
it's because I'm so much larger now and
I'm like an adult but oh my god I was so
terrified when I was a kid and I don't
know if the needles were just bigger
back then or if it's like I don't know
if it's perception or reality but it was
nothing it's nothing I think the moment
I stopped being afraid of needles was
probably the the week that I had a
kidney stone and it just hit to this
point where like I couldn't handle the
pain
anymore and I went to the hospital and I
was like give me pills take my blood do
anything nothing as bad as bad as this
pain and so because I know what that new
pain is like nothing else has been as
harsh except burns burns the fucking
worse in a second is a lot of people
have been like asking me like Phil are
the the hosts that we've been seeing
here and there on SourceFed here to stay
and there are three main that we've been
testing out a part-time finding where I
like the most you know we have we have
Rayna who's been fantastic she was an
intern way back in the day she did some
hosting elsewhere I think she kind of
got her her chops there and she's like
she's such a real real nerd like the the
to look real like people always like
they they say like Jessica Nigri is not
a real nerd like that girl knows
everything and rayna's knowledge is just
even more so and I just I feel out of my
depth when there when any of any of them
are talking about nerd stuff trying to
do a magic trick or something a magic
trick I need a dime oh we know I need a
long sleeve get her a dime no I also
need a long sleeve shirt and a long
sleeve shirt I can't what really yeah
yeah actually I will oh okay oh all
right here we go
wait I can't really do it I'll just
teach you how to do magic my first time
we're gonna do you're supposed to make
the dime disappear by being like well
but what you're really doing is you're
supposed to air long-sleeve shirt here
and you're supposed to flick your the
dime into your sleeve so it looks like
it disappears you're like hole Oh magic
oh but you have a lot we don't have a
sleeve so I can't like me oh but that's
how you do it oh you're damn idiot
we have will who you've seen here on the
vlog who was actually like an intern
back in the day didn't talk to the guy
until his last day and then he showed me
his videos and was like oh you're
actually pretty talented and then he did
this whole thing with say Frank and then
he came back and I just thought I'd test
him out and he's been I think pretty
fantastic and Matt Lieberman oh my god I
there are very few people that I'm like
amazed at how their brain works
I mean you have that with a few of the
people that I've hired here and he's
just he's a perfect example of that
like Lieberman just intensely witty he's
he's always on his feet also found out
last week just an amazing knowledge of
like everything movie and entertainment
like blew me away hey man let's say you
and I are trapped underground in the
sewer and my leg is broken what do you
do first
make out okay all right what if I'm like
all right that was great I want to take
this to the next step and I propose to
you okay you proposed to me I would say
listen hon we're still trapped in this
put where we trap at underground in the
sewer we're still trapped in the sewer
honey okay there's a lot of things that
I want to do with my life and I can't be
tied down right now so so you are so
easy to jump to make it out now the
sudden now it's getting real you don't
want it anymore what type of person does
that make you bad so yes these guys
right now our part-time sourcefed hosts
we're not going to label them that on
the the channel I think it's just you
know having a good rotation of different
viewpoints so that's that's what's going
on right now
