hey to tell we have made
christmas came early it seems we have a
peel box
Rumple don't put one on which design so
I'll figure you should get out here's a
tip if you get anything from us wash it
before wearing it because it doesn't
smell I'm jealous Phil what I didn't get
designer sweater why would you want to
lose well so we got present from Haley
oxen Rider I love I love you too Haley
I've made you a custom paper art
hopefully arrives in one piece I sell a
lot of items like this on my Etsy store
oh cool it's like 3d too so the question
becomes though do I do the thing where I
put like the bobblehead on my table and
it's of me and do I put a framed picture
of my name and air outline you're so
vain Phil that's who that song was about
you're so vain see sold by Brian Murphy
there's no note
but I know who this is for whoa
Wow a magic this is obviously for
Patricia bow she's in one of your videos
you mentioned something about how
nothing would ever change unless you
changed it inspired me to join the Navy
Wow
it's been the best choice of my life I'm
so glad another thing I love is the
vlogs because they are always so funny I
seven including some popcorn restore
close to base I love you face thank you
so much and cookie crunch maple bacon
Chicago blend caramel apple live flavor
crunch I always obviously speak so
highly about like our armed forces and
truthful it's one of those things it's
like I never thought I could do that
mm-hmm I think that's one of the reasons
why it's always
like this amazing gesture should have
you trained as like a Navy SEAL Phil
yeah joe well that's trippy and my
dreads no you expect oh yeah well Oh
glob you sound like it's like a
character movie oh yeah oh yeah that's
great yeah oh yeah yeah yeah oh yeah bet
yeah yeah yeah this is from eat print
Canada well you put this on food is that
what it says I saw this video I don't
know if it was real or not someone sent
someone in the mail acid and it just it
freaks me the fuck out so that
immediately I saw this and I was like no
yes don't everybody do that is a
legitimate don't fuckin do that name is
Lisa I'm an entrepreneur from Ottawa
Canada my company specializes in custom
edible printing I'm eating some cupcake
toppers ISA hands from ePrint I'll put
that you see them yeah well look at that
Phil if you want a cupcake to say
something beautiful Baxter Selene Torres
Oxnard if Steve Zaragoza here was here
he would say Oxnard oh my god you're
Phillip you're huge fans of Joe nation
oh that's cool oh cool
that's great that's cool the show truly
appreciate the work everybody does and
Philip they spelled my name with an F
and two L's is a big fuck you they spell
my name right oh yeah no they Roxy oh
hell yeah this from Celine Adrian Carla
much LeMay cute I have a feeling it's
not as big as it looks like it's as with
50 balls that seems this is from Jane
Lou from Chicago Illinois Chicago it's a
bad rap but it's only certain areas and
it's a fucking gorgeous City Jane that's
what I remind you how how amazing of a
job you're doing thank you I know you
hate the word but watching your work
makes me want to hustle to that the okay
do I hate the word hustle I think I just
joke about it because Gary B talks about
it so much I've been watching your
videos from gearing's days I've been so
afraid to start my own YouTube channel
honestly after going after VidCon this
year seeing your panels especially the
one with Hank I decided to put in the
work and find me at youtube.com slash
social so no you can find me youtube.com
slash social I don't know man I can't
read it
anyways I know having a baby is
exhausting so here is a coffee candle it
was a smell like oh wow
can I eat it yes good you like that hi
thank you
what does a monster from Shane Krong Lee
TV yes another TV Wow
my name is Shane cron Lee I'm the
founder of the pledge allegiance flag
company I'm a veteran retired
firefighter and I would like to be this
handmade American flag to show my
appreciation for your hard work and
always fairly looking at all sides of
any issue or topic there's a link to his
Etsy page if anyone else wants to buy
one it's not too much can you give up my
youtube channel pledge allegiance flag
company much love shame Wow we're gonna
like your hats you Jeff I'm amazed by it
though some craftsmanship right this is
good this is from Shelley Meyer Israel
yeah appreciate this box we got link
saying I'm not zelda number one mistake
of nerdom shut up open this box
what's his full name Bart Simpson Burton
oh you motherfucker
are you saying that just to fucking piss
me off yes Philip J pride motherfucker
hi Phil my name is Shelley I'm 22 years
old I live in Israel found out about
your channel 2013 so thanks to my
boyfriend he's a fan since 2011 choose
not to have TV at my house watching her
videos is basically only news I get I
love it I've been making pillows that
look like people actors and characters
for about four years for more than two
years have been wanting to send you a
phil pillow or a pillow
sorry I know you humans Edward games and
some of my favorite Israeli snacks I
don't like most of the Israelis snacks
so how its told me to send you guys the
most popular one Alex is her man
obviously can we say happy birthday 100%
Alex happy birthday
but let's love Shelley Mir and there's
some social stuff which I will link
right here the Philip need some googly
eyes would be good come I give this to
my my wife cool I know she misses me
every moment that I'm
this is a can't read it my favorite oh
it is a krembo literally meaning cream
in it oh this one is written
specifically for you oh yeah Oh whole
letter G is it okay if I read your mail
yeah that's fine hi Joe you got enough
twigs you didn't ask for so I decided to
send you an Israeli chocolate treat
instead thanks for noticing me on
Twitter and Instagram it made my day
smiley face oh okay this on camera in
your mouth yeah it kind of looks like a
Twix a little basketballs see the
basketballs oh wow looks like a big Twix
all right here we go
there's good poop wanna try one no I'm
good you won't bite off mine No how do I
put this part in my mouth you fight the
other I've seen your dog kiss your mouth
do you feel bad Joe that you've only
send you and Brianna
I don't feel bad though I like free shit
thank you I love you face for all of
that last one Joe what do you think it
is it's not heavy but it's not light it
is from Canada it's from ez and Ali who
have their their own logo maybe it's a
drone it's a drone great stock paper
that's a subtle off-white coloring a
tasteful thickness on that oh my god it
even has a watermark my name is madame
35 father to Isabelle 5 Alyssa to my
wife has her own business making kids
clothing and accessories called Izzy and
Allie use coupon code I'm just a shill
for everybody use coupon code to Franco
2017 for 15% off your orders until the
end of March dinosaurs are for tray the
foxes are for Carter I really hope you
enjoy these custom creations for my
talented wife this is a baby toy oh yeah
baby the business oh my god Felix show
likes please I don't think it's please
just a moment it came out great
Ben I've chosen to Brianna she loves
blankets thank you so much side note if
you're looking to make someone a
personal present for for Christmas and
you don't have a ton of cash Lindsey
turned me on to this no sew fleece
blanket okay all you can do is get two
different blankets and then there's like
a way that you can twist and tie them
together it's really cool all right now
good go and make one for you Joe I'll
prove it of what
okay any last words thank you thank you
for cinema stupid face and all my other
stupid faces that are in this office
stuff I love you face in a world where
everyone's just so extreme in every
video I'm just like oh I'm very thankful
for this like really cool like these
really cool events thoughtful gifts also
I'm gonna try and not eat the chocolate
I know I almost finish mine well I mean
you haven't had lunch yet yeah I don't
on a diet
okay bye Phil die dude I'm so excited
well here the patties yes look good what
are they it's chocolate but it's
marshmallow and there's like a graham
cracker at the bottom and there's
they're like delicious when I was
working
