see how long's a jingle bro jingle could
be anywhere from like three seconds to
like 25 30 tops quick jingle your father
what Scott
now you joined in is a catchy jingle I
thought of the past but it did not
so it's Monday when you're filming this
I'm trying to try and figure out what
the hell today's story is the the thing
that that matters if there is ever such
a thing I don't know ma'am it's very
interesting to go from a very real story
to going
is that really Demi Lovato or did
someone did someone try and make me a
car tattoos with a sharpie I can't tell
I can't tell
hey you don't know I'm doing great you
do on the weekends well I uh sleep you
have to do more than that do you go to
more house parties since you probably
stay away from bars I don't do either
those Oh cuz you're 20 huh yeah I'm a
recluse actually if you're gonna be
filling me in here someone called me on
this we're not doing it earlier we have
to do when a date with will oh yeah do
that I think that if you're a lady
preferably in the LA ish area we will be
open to other people in the continental
US because it might be justified a
flight Southwest flies out here right
yeah um and you're over 18 gotta be over
eight over 18 probably 20 you have to
make a video on YouTube you hashtag it
win a date with will and we'll go
through it maybe we'll give like people
two weeks maybe you gotta get that
courage put yourself out there then
maybe a panel of myself
Darren uh what we'll figure out a lady
I'm dragging Darren's one of my closest
friends in life he would know yeah but
you got to make sure he's not picking a
girl that he wants to then steal from
you Oh Darren wouldn't never wait with
Darren's in a relationship now anymore
Oh maybe we should have one a day with
Darren look we'll no no no that's sad
though yeah epping f Darren after you
Darren oh no no I don't know if I could
uh I can promote a guy that throws his
friend under the bus
I just Kim but I love you my day one
like they're into my day my way once
they go you know how to possibly win a
date with will what sure it was your
best relationship experience will
uh um none neither girlfriend I never
had an actual girlfriend but I've been
around ladies for long enough I think I
mean I mean like you know I'm like hey I
like you know like I don't hate you very
intrigued also to see who else applies
yeah hot women that are awful smart I
feel like you need a 30 something a 30
that wants to show you the ropes yeah
show me the ropes she doesn't but also
not like 42 where she's just like she
knows the deal so well oh not like she's
essentially just using you as a as a
tool she could be my mother
she would be 22 when I was born oh
that's creepy
maybe we shouldn't do this I think you
should be open to anything well I think
so too
you know what you got it yeah we gotta
get you some life experience before
you're 21 let's do it as you're just
gonna uh it goes downhill and you can
actually buy liquor for yourself yeah Oh
which I probably won't even do hello
ladies
my name is William Washington James
Haynes but you can call me well if
you're cute and smart and whatnot what
is love
but Raisin in the Sun a battle yet to be
won do you like poetry cuz I just made
that up I can tell you some poetry
whenever you want you could be on the
fly like a yo we'll say some poetry and
I'll be like BAM what is a Raisin in the
Sun but a battle to be won BAM
if you're watching this you may be aware
that we are having a thing where you can
win a date with me and you may be
thinking yourself why would I want to
win a date with will why on earth would
I want to do that let me tell you first
of all I got hella good qualities let me
tell you the first one I can dance
second of all I can cook chef game
Emeril Lagasse chef game other people
that cook well and Plus who doesn't want
to date somebody that's got a bunch of
friends I got a bunch of those yo we can
have a great time you can teach me about
things like love and trust and I'll
teach you about things like spider-man
and depression Halley like why why do
you think women should date will
I wish his good qualities where you go
lick just okay yeah that means he's
speechless will makes women speechless
why would they want to date will that
guy that's not me um I don't think you
could beat him up hey Steve why would
why would chicks want a date well like
fruit
what is his good quality cuz you wearing
you smell strange not me it's not me why
cuz will is weird and he smells strange
Hey look man just help a brother out
alright one sec oh he's really hot I
don't know why ever wouldn't want a date
and I see his penis is like really big
like I'd probably hurt you if you try to
a flight like the Empire State Building
some say yeah like it's probably
impossible to have sex with him you keep
going up and up and up and it never goes
down yeah you probably like don't even
want to like try to do anything with it
it's so big like it's pretty much
pointless what one second alright just
say like say like you you think I got to
say I did good stuff for you alright Oh
Will's a great guy he does good stuff
from you robbed a liquor store for me
and he gave me like 30 bucks why do you
think that women should date will like
what is his good quality
wait we would are you doing this as a
different person no Phil this is not me
this is someone that why would you do
someone else is holding the camera yes
it's your other employee Big Bob would
you do that very Big Bob all right Phil
it's big bang we're hiring a giant
person named Big Bob yes Big Bob is my
isn't will is wills good why should
women day will why should women date
well I don't know I don't know he's a
he's a skinny black dude who's very nice
you yeah
