you
you
and they don't have makeup on or
whatever but I got a camera
so yeah I'm bake it cooking bacon and
because we're on a diet we're gonna pair
with some white macaroni and cheese
white you know cuz that's healthy oh my
god you know what
you know I saw in the comments they're
like Lindsay's fuckin she's only put
weight on in the grid places Phil looks
like he's put on a lot of sympathy
weight and I like that it's sympathy
weight and not just like I'm a fat piece
of shit put on I don't know well so well
cuz now that was a while ago
no no Lindsey I'm gonna beat you alright
ooh it's boiling okay let's do this is
the closest I've come to cooking alright
so get it to water boom done
water boiled achievement done cook wait
stir in pasta bring to boil and then
just you know please go
yeah it was some kind of witchcraft told
you why you're gonna overflow told you
don't pick it up Oh got ya in your is
wait what'd you say though you're a
booty do are you have ability where I am
a booty do or go no it's when your
stomach sticks out further than your
booty do
that why there's so much pressure yeah
and you're 37 weeks might teach Phil how
to make taco salad why is this week to
teach Phil how to cook week because I'm
not gonna be able to cook yeah sure okay
I'm not gonna want to cook I would be
able to anyways I'm teaching him how to
cook that's that far we did macaroni
last night that's going oh good what
everything learning how to brown some
meat for some taco salad I know how to
cook I do I don't know want it so I got
to tell you I'm so stressed because I'm
in this and I feel you know that my
penis is not restricted by pants so I
thought it was out but you can't use
this footage and I'm also terrified
because now I'm gonna have to look
through her before I give it to Darren
we're making the easiest thing ever taco
salad correction bar jump sandwiches
easier
is easier everything except actual like
regular meals is easier are you done you
requested this fully loaded potatoes are
easier okay are you looking to hit me
with something good so once we decided
that I'm not browning the meat was the
only thing I know what you do you got it
okay so you gotta take this you got
trained out so that there's no fat you
did not know that then you gotta take
the spices yeah and you take the water
no what are you doing about I don't even
when we res it their feet into the water
he was like what the fuck I like that
you're like like I've confused by magic
you know is how I act with instructions
that's actually how it happened I'm
honest all right here's the deal I used
to be able to actually like do things
for myself and then Lindsay started
doing all this I forgot how to do it
between you
nothing no it's not it's almost ready
yeah I fixed it I got it
that's good not a human being anymore
so I get excited when I do never I don't
wanna have to do it the dishes no we did
it we did it the most complicated meal
ever we did it look uh three hairs stop
oh that looks good
the most basic I just want you to stop
talking so I can now jam this stuff in
my mouth okay
