you
so we have George here can I call you
George you can call me George
all right George I'm one of the hoodies
guys in this entire office so I got a
word for you I can tell
all right Steve we're over here trying
to see if people understand rap lyrics
oh yeah we have boy is this your whip
right here what do you see this your
whip that's the first one I believe
that's a car all right when that one was
just a bonus
sir it is a car here we go we have some
definitions some some slang terms that
we want you to try to decipher whether I
will you sound too white can you add up
it up for me a bit yo man we got some
Duggan words that you even know son I
don't know if it's clear but uh this
office is full of Caucasians yeah
there's lots of way um I'm very hood
I think I'm dangerous I gotta get do you
know what a gat is I do I do I own one
really yes I it when I'm patrolling the
streets for uh what do you patrol for I
don't what a what a Felix a patrol go
ahead and read us what what this paper
says day one still here with my day one
still here with my day one uh is that
like when your baby teeth or something
day one day one is that like new
sneakers I'm gonna guess it means my
friends since day one Wow still here
with my day one uh day ones I would
imagine like your old school friends
your uh alright yeah Phil you might be a
thug here's your first term fact don't
get back
don't get back
baptized that was the best answer why
opposite what is bat punched in the face
that is correct
so can you tell us what a bands is what
is bands not under percent sure but I
actually think it's like when you have a
like a stack of hundreds you have a band
around the money you have like a big
stack of bills it's like for strippers
when you throw them a lot of money not
just throwing singles idea up like all
right but how much is a band
specifically ah I don't know I'm gonna
say $10,000 fans are referring to the
swing bands of the Jazz era great music
lots of brass really hard staccato notes
it was really good it was it was an era
that is over and I said no is this like
related to like that weird like a
colored bracelet thing that's related to
sex why do people think that it's
whatever is probably wrapped in that
money band right that they take to the
strip all right well this that makes
sense in some way they take it to the
strip club yeah you think that's why you
pop in the band give it to the stripper
you got to make it rain on them titties
I love this song but I always just
thought it was like band-aids wow I have
no idea what this means in the hood we
don't have a math so we have different
terms to decipher amount of money uh so
bands is actually specific amount of
money that you wrap a rubber band around
this amount of money is it a thousand
dollar house uh oh the thousand you know
you must be rolling hard it's a thousand
Watsky shows up and buys the strip club
I do and then I sell it and then I turn
it into a cooperative for women to you
know be able to control their own Wow ah
he's a good guy yeah well we got a lead
Hey well where are you from I'm from the
dirtiest and stinkiest ghetto that has
ever exist with a Richmond California
it's a real City so just like code yeah
it's code so as HUD thugs can talk to
each other now next we're gonna send you
into the ghetto with no clothes you have
to make your way all the way back to
civilization when I was born in the
ghetto I didn't have any clothes yeah
I'm not gonna do that all right
are you sure you're gonna get in your
whip are you serious Steve Steve
see
sir don't get back all right I'll see
you when you get back come back it's
literally going to be laughs you really
went home that was the last time we saw
him
