you
sup nation I hope you having a good dish
at least sort of Wednesday my name is
Philip DeFranco cuz of course it is and
I'm tired but while it isn't early
Wednesday it is a Wednesday nonetheless
we are gonna do a Q&A video I'm going to
answer some cues that you threw at me
but first I want to ask if everyone has
at least one person in their life like
this there's what I will call a family
friend that is not always around and
they I can't tell if they're an asshole
or they're just a really dense person
and then what I mean by that my
relationship with this person is pretty
much not there it's more of Lyndsey's
and is the kind of person that Lindsay
was with the family and at one point the
girl was like let me touch your belly
and she touched the belly and she's like
wow it's a lot lot softer than I thought
it would be how much weight have you
been gaining and this person is also a
photographer oh it takes pictures from
terrible angles and like Lindsey's like
wow I really don't like that picture and
she's like I'll try in Photoshop Abbi
you're just so hard to Photoshop you
just wonder like are you were just a
stupid person and you don't realize
you're saying things that are offensive
or like are you just like a
passive-aggressive hassle it sucks and
you can't tell and not being able to
tell is worse because at least then you
know the proper way to act around that
person but you don't know so you don't
want to be the asshole it's like when
someone texts you something that seems
mean but they end it with like a winky
face and you're like is that a winky
face it's like you know what I mean or
is it like I hate you I just want to
know if that's a unique situation or if
everyone has that person and if they do
what that's about that's it that's my
cue for you your cues for me start here
with Jamie cook who says what is the
most awkward / weird place you've been
recognized the second I thought I didn't
have one and then I remembered I was at
a strip club for a friend's thing or
because we were really drunk in Vegas I
can't remember and so there was this
time we're at the ax I think it was a
Spearmint Rhino in Vegas and we were
like through there we're watching and
like whenever it's like a bunch of
buddies I like to like get lap dances
for people but I'm very I don't know how
to act with I with getting lap dancers
so I don't usually get them it's a very
weird thing of like oh you're beautiful
and I want to stare at you but you're a
lady and I want to respect you and like
my hands are out here like I'm being
frisked and so things were ramping up
and my body was like imma get every
Asian stripper out here and I'm gonna
get a lap dance like just a giant lap
dance and it turned out he actually did
do that and then one of them noticed me
they were like Oh Philip DeFranco and
then I got sucked into the whole deal
and so then I got that dance and I was
like okay guys I'm gonna go I hope
everyone else comes with me if not okay
bye and so I think that's really that's
like the only time it's been uh I've
never been peeing at a urinal stall and
the guy next means like Philip DeFranco
but if it ever does happen I will let
you know do you ever think your dreams
are just memories of your past lives no
not really I I'm pretty much just
because I feel like I would have a lot
lamer dreams I like I'm not a spy that
saved the world and then a bomb went
darling I'm not I it's just it's
essentially I've always imagined dreams
as like my brain defragging and it's
like what would happen if like Microsoft
Word was defragging around the same time
the Galactic Civilizations 3 was
happening at the same time as a
pornhub.com was different why would that
it's a browser anyway no I just love
dreams they're just so weird they're
probably the closest thing I'll ever get
to taking like a full-on hallucinogen
George Costanza says you continuously
preach and how beautiful all bodies are
I cover that beauty up with a tattoo
because beauty's in the eye of the
beholder I suppose everyone's got their
different reasons I want to express
myself I want to do this this had a big
impact in my life I think the reason
this is probably based off of the other
the the answer I gave last week that I
think that I might have a tattoo put on
my body with the birthday of my son and
I think it's just so that I always
remember that I have like something to
live and work hard for it so I think
that like that's my personal reason and
so that's just my pending on I think
body modification of that sort like it's
a very personal thing everyone has their
reasons I mean some people do stuff that
I don't I still I will never get giant
Gators I will never get that I've made
jokes here and there does that make
jokes about everything but at the end of
the day like if it's what makes that
person feel good for some reason go for
ya brand cuff says do you ever notice
how much you flail your arms when you
talk I get made fun of for using my
hands when I talk all the time all right
yes I know I know someone yes on the
last
a video is like trying to cast a spell
on me no I'm not this is this is how I
talk I'm ah you know how like I talk in
this and in the vlogs and stuff I talk
like that when I'm on the phone I don't
know why I've always been told it's an
Italian thing but I don't think it's
limited just to Italians I think it's
it's a very just that's how I express
myself I don't know it's my my body's
dance
I guess I'm physically taking words and
pushing them at your face I just don't
know humming this TARDIS says do you
want another baby - Franco I know you're
just having your first and he's what
you're focused on but after his birth
and stuff what you want to have another
I think definitely Lindsay and I have
talked I think we think you know two to
three I think she's more set on the
three like our ideal would be like two
boys and a girl but um I think it's also
Lindsay is terrified of like only having
boys in the house like I'm a guy we have
our two male dogs or about to have a
baby boy she's like I need I need
something to put dresses on and it not
be odd to some people or baby DeFranco
wants to wear dresses I suppose that'd
be cool - I am it's so funny like with
kids it's so it's so weird I said that
you know maybe - Franco is a boy people
were like maybe he doesn't want to be a
boy and I was like what the hell you're
creating a weird argument about like
sexual like the baby's not even here yet
it's so funny that people can just like
attach to a few words and be like how
are you ever ever ever calm down I'm all
about the love and people like enjoying
themselves as long as it's not hurting
anyone else Merry Christmas says do you
prefer chunky or smooth peanut butter
the hard questions as smooth peanut
butter I don't like the crunch they got
full hard peanuts tearing through the
bread no thank you hi Jacqueline says
we're gonna start shooting pretty girls
again are you a little too busy for the
photography thing with the baby being so
close I do plan to start again the with
the baby coming and like I needed to be
at home a little more I don't know when
exactly I'll have time it is really fun
and it is different enough from what I
do because it does not feature me that I
really really enjoy it I feels like I'm
slowly developing a skill not to the
point where it's like I want to be taken
seriously but it's you know it's fun and
I get to do in excess will you
livestream your wedding for the nation
to be there with you I I think that my
wedding
the actual birth of the baby I will not
be live-streaming it even at the birth
I'm not going to film inside of that
that room during because I want to be
there in the moment and not have this
this camera that's kind of this thing
that's also there and I do believe that
there are parts of a person's life that
can be shared afterwards and through a
different kind of lens but I think that
the you know privacy is important here
in there and it's not this stone wall I
am figuring out what I am comfortable
with I mean two months ago even a month
ago I wasn't really comfortable with
doing the vlogs again but you guys have
like made me realize like what the fun
of that was but maybe even less so than
privacy I just want it to be something
between the people that that are just
straight up there like it's something
I've even had to curb in myself but if
I'm watching the show and someone's on
their phone I'm like do you even want to
be in the same room as me I'm going to
destroy your cell phone be in the moment
experience the thing with all the other
people that's where we'll end today if
you get anything out of this Q&A video
it's that maybe just every now and then
experience stuff with people if
someone's on their phone put it down and
have an actual conversation well let you
know a person drove to see you and if
you were that person I've been guilty of
it you know put the phone down if you
start getting it sure you take a picture
Instagram it but don't then for like the
next ten minutes be like oh look I got
another like oh this person said this
blah blah blah blah blah
nothing is real and that's that nation I
love your face I hope you're having a
good day if you have not watched the
Philip DeFranco show yet it's likely
because it's not up yet or because
you're a terrible terrible person either
way know that I love you I hope you have
a good rest of your hump day and uh
words
