655 average male penises to cross the
length of a football field
thanks Brian for that fact aside from a
bedroom the car is the most popular
place for people that have sex it
actually makes sense car
yeah I mean think about when you're a
teenager you can't really I have no idea
what you're talking that was not just
zoom in on CJ's face sees you talking
about sex again oh it's something oh no
I just I like that he's like I'm gonna
keep this as slow as possible for those
chinks Lee those piece it for good fuck
the ones that aren't going to make it
male giraffes are mostly bisexual Oh
mostly by section I mean most jurat
Mouse rats are or if they're just like
mostly but he's kind of into dudes yeah
I feel like I feel like if a guy was
like I'm mostly bisexual people like me
and always I don't understand what that
means
and then the tongue is the strongest
muscle in the body I feel like a lot of
people know that shit'll make oh I
didn't know that DME Heidi and I know
like everything you do know I really I'm
gonna make this like one time I car got
stuck in a ditch and I drink it out what
chips yeah no my arms are way stronger
than my tongue I can list things true
stop something I found out about today
is that while while beating your friends
in Madden unmercifully is pretty fun
it's even more fun when you play drunken
Madden in front of 3,000 people on
Twitch oh damn it boys let's see how
brew ik handles
the plays that we pick come on come on
come on music now this price this would
be happening the Broncos had traded
Tebow and really no not gonna do dude oh
oh oh
Adrian fucking Peterson oh yeah do it
you son of a bitch
oh I'm sorry for one of two reasons
either one it actually terrified you and
I feel terrible I do I do feel like that
but I never do anything for April Fool's
so I'm sorry for making your ears bleed
maybe and two if it did not scare you
you were not alone I did not even think
of this jump-scare thing Darrin and Sam
were like let's do it it's gonna be a
really good video and then this happened
ah
april fools
oh my god you fucking scared me your
dick you're gonna be scared like you
ever fear that because you're walking
around into a random room so you're like
walking on someone jerking it well I
already who would be in more trouble
would it be you for doing walking to her
or them cuz they're like doing something
massive
sometimes you gotta jerk it or fail
according to the tortoise thieves the
coordinates take four times you got it
I'm like thank you for knocking the main
thing we learned today is nothing really
don't trust people but that's like an
everyday thing that's not an April first
thing April Fool's has potential to be
like fun between friends and like
companies like they do the soft stuff
cuz it's like oh that's kind of funny my
experience on this planet has been most
people use this as a day to be a dick
like that's what really April first is
like someone doing something fucking
terribly mean and by ruthless and
they're like why are you angry it's
April Fool's that's my get out of being
a douche bag day you place your trust in
me not to be a huge douche bag that
makes you an idiot
April Fool's it's usually the same
people that in like high school pinched
you if you didn't wear green which also
that person deserves to die in a fire
hey you're not wearing green pinched
earned that person in a fire but I do
have a question we were talking about it
around the office what is what is the
worst thing someone's done to you on
April Fool's or that you've done to
someone else wanna know nation also in
my final notes I did a Philip DeFranco
show today I was on a tabletop today you
want to watch previous vlog there's a
thing down there if you want to watch
next vlog and it's the future there's a
link down there but more importantly I
forgot but I made the promise that I was
gonna take a comment from one of my
question videos and as a reward sing a
song to that person so off the top of my
head vicious 274 I'm not saying your
mom's a whore I'm just saying she has an
open-door policy with her vagina it's
okay cuz I don't know which way this is
gonna go if you're laughing you'll go
yay or if you'll be like that's not
funny you're gay Billy Dee Vicious 274 I
love your face I love everyone here on
the vlog I love you
I'm gonna go do shoot if it a bit about
bye
