nobody can win use on any of that to you
huh
nothing you didn't know can you guys use
clothes so I can go back to sleep please
I was having an awesome dream you know I
feel awesome dream I have a brother
which is constantly like no no what Hey
what oh hey what's a frag oh I feel like
because because everything yeah because
it's wide-angle the bellies inner you'd
be even crazier because it was like fish
I essentially used to say the baby is
this big but I think you've a little bit
bigger than that the octopus yeah
growing like a lot like a lot like tool
are you excited
get him out after yesterday I was like
I'm so ready she's like they're not no
you're not okay you want to keep him
going I'm like I'm mentally ready okay
I'm not gonna like do anything dressed I
know I'm very much up like I wouldn't
mind if he was here but I'm gonna enjoy
the last month as long as I can oh yeah
why man we get you know really drunk
tonight
and then I'm gonna go like maybe for a
run that parts probably a lot cuz I'm a
fat bastard I thought that was literally
just like it was for old people and but
I didn't realize it was your own weight
these extra sickening pounds is a lot
yeah you're oppressing a baby and then
the bait that's how the baby pops out
they have one of those in the on the
hospital you just push
yeah isn't it
I like this one because it's meant to be
used like this
but I know that I'm just gonna use it
like this oh my god it's good luck for
you baby
hey you see the swirl again you see
swirl
you see him you don't see him even
crying again out there is I see em you
see him he's right up there and staring
at you can't see him he just laying
staring at ya he's laying the standard
ace oh god I need you so much I'll sweet
baby Jesus
baby God tell me a little bit about how
you want the bickered go look I believe
it's a full body if it's full let's do a
couple full body okay cuz I got them
beats let's do a couple zipped open so
we can see my chest we gettin way down
alright so in the world we have people
called cosplayers
and we are no strangers to the cosplayer
here at Franko Inc we have our very own
Meg Turney and even Trisha Hershberger
who do a lot of sexy Paul's play and so
I was thinking why can't I do sexy
cosplay huh let's not be sexist here I
think I could be just as sexy as Meg
Turney so that's what I'm going to prove
I'm gonna do a sexy cosplay as a
Ghostbuster photos and we're gonna turn
it into a poster and it's gonna sell
like hotcakes if you want to get it even
sexier you've got a special flap hold on
let's look down here a special penis
flash that's not yet that's the real
Ghostbuster I'm wearing a real like only
doctors are allowed to touch that zipper
because cuz I'd love for you to take
some photos on my phone
oh yeah anything I can do for you today
Steve cross the streams go ahead tell me
what the fuck to do you asshole but so
you're attacking us realize the ghost is
your dad no dad I don't want to get you
dad
don't make me gay you dad I know you're
staring at the PKE meter and you're
wondering this isn't right to look up
lift me girl some have turned on buddy
that ghost is real sexy is it no me see
that right hand do something with that
maybe not like a baby arm or they were
ready to start taking pictures how
attached are you to the whole exposing
your character just take some photos I
want you to work your hips I want you to
strut yes chin down get down get down
just cross the streams
Steve across the street
hey what if I play it like a violin once
you cuddle it like a baby let's jump on
that laughter hold on hold on hold that
any one of these yes please
action pose you spread your legs more
like a janitor when he's when he's just
work by draining the water of his
mocking oh all right
what I don't know what I see you I think
that we're getting right you tell me we
can look through the photos or say I'm
not a fan of the zipper thing I mean
that's the point of it okay do you
understand what I mean well I feel like
you're ruining an entire franchise let's
take a look okay let's take a couple of
minutes and do this again in Batman I
want to show you my favorite photos this
is my personal favorite I don't know if
you can see the definition there it's
very high def it's 4k resolution maybe I
can Photoshop my nipple into your nipple
okay so I feel like where's the off
button on this there's no off button
no no it's a uh it's a perpetual motion
machine you're gonna put that
unnaturally shaped nipple on Steve then
it was pretty symmetrical okay I'm
almost here oh I'm sorry without yours
I'm totally the baby that you feeding me
I didn't make you feel self-conscious
about your weird that looks like a
little ball when you say it's weird and
it's gonna make me feel so fine
can we focus on the photos look either
the spider-man ones and then see what's
better get come back come back baby
can we get me into the bill use up just
like it you like rapid-fire don't you
bring all your meals stuff are you gonna
fucking look at the pictures I'm looking
at look you know how about you dress in
your piece of human garbage costume well
that's every day well I'd have to wear
your outfit then I better be I'd have to
get in your car and live your life I
don't think I want to go that low can we
just like this
