you
you
how's today's PDS go and fill good we uh
the way that I've been doing them is uh
I shoot my my intro in my outro first
because that that's really where we do
most of the rendering and then I do
today an awesome because it's mainly
like video and pictures and the blog
team needs a lot of time to make sure
that we post stuff we like to cuz like a
schedule to it you don't want things
going on top of each other usually I
need as much time as possible for any of
the big stories big story today isn't
death yet there still might be one of
those stories but it's the oculus rift
and Facebook thing which I'm trying to
navigate evenly even though I have a big
opinion on it and a big part of the show
unless you know you're racist or you're
homophobic or whatever I try to give
both sides a little a little love so
that no one feels stupid cuz I'm not
always right
just like 89% of the time it's a it's a
good day though um I've had some hard to
film shows the past two weeks just
because uh some days it's like just sad
news just really sad news cuz that's
what gets a views on other sites and I
hate it a nation the first thing I want
to talk about today is the train that
derailed at O'Hare station it's just
terrifying there are two people talking
and then train what's up and like this
everyone likes to say that like people
die for a reason or God God was just
short short on angels um but you know
sometimes sometimes you just die like
people do not sometimes people just die
all with that yeah oops
way to change all of my life uh you want
me to go fucking flash your lights
alright so Phil what do you think of
that new trisha posting what do I think
I was you're supposed yeah I feel like
that's a setup for something I I think
it's actually is one of our best like
actual have a host and it poacher
posters because it's very Trisha it's
it's nerdy it's cute it's sexy but it's
not like gaudy is not the right word
it's not like it's trying too hard like
she's not like essentially naked it's
very
a few to Betty Boop but like there Betty
yeah it's very uh it's kind of one of
those ones where a guy could have it cuz
he's like ah Trish is hot but a little
girl could have it because it's like I
can be cute and nerdy and I like video
games she just a role model for the
little girls look yeah you think so I
think so is she the best role model out
of all the ladies well hmm I mean susan
b anthony but I mean susan b anthony is
not a sourcefed hosts Oh Anna sourcefed
hosts I mean what you got Lee Newton
wearing dinosaur costumes little girls
do you want to wear dice or costumes or
do you want a water flower what about
what about the other women on our
channel make a Rana uh they're all
beautiful and they're gonna beat me up
backstage in the green room that's a
green earth in the green room whatever
you call it all right Maddie so tell us
what's going on in here
hi will how are you I'm good how are you
as look as funny I was looking at your
eyes oh it looked like you I only gonna
you up there Jaime up there how are you
um so what we're doing is we're moving
the game room the current game room
right now is not very optimal in terms
of shooting recording at doing a lot of
stuff for multiple systems so we as I
haven't give it a complete overhaul and
fortunately just because of the way the
things are rotating in the office right
now this room that was the FHP room
became available so we decided that this
would be a really good place to be able
to shoot we cleared it out we painted it
and keyed it and now what we're going to
do is we're just going to move
everything that's over there in here as
well as kind of redesigning how we play
capture just all the stuff that you want
for being inside of the game room just a
better system because I mean the cable
management over there is really terrible
so just trying to think about drew
college you probably like more a more
static environment so we're not moving a
whole bunch of stuff around people that
don't know what everything is all right
so just run away it trying to be make it
smarter Shuang be smarter what's gonna
go right there Maddie that's that I have
no idea what you pointed it so right
there that's a that's you no no no right
right there and I'm not I'm right here
what's right there it's right there I
don't okay a nation the last thing I
want to talk about in this vlog is just
I don't know just I guess a commentary
on
I've enjoyed the past two weeks of
talking you guys in q and A's and
sharing random things here and there of
my life and even having well randomly
accost be in my office with questions
it's been it's been good I've had to set
everything up in place to force myself
to get past the fear of vlogging again
and and I don't know I think it's
there's something special about it I
know that the show will always do the
best free but for you guys the core
there's that there's that connection and
I want to just let you know that you put
a smile on my face it's why like I
there's no way that I can reach out to
everyone that is a part of the nation
but it's like why like this morning on
Twitter I bought people about like $200
worth of coffee and it actually ends up
being more because the nation's so
awesome that after I put up the picture
of the card when they were purchasing
products from like the actual store they
were re-upping the amount of money and
it just it's so cool like the nation
passes it on and stuff little stupid
shit like that
puts a smile on my face it's like it's
nothing it's nothing game-changing but
it's a smile and there's something that
I know that's just nice in the the
weirdness and normalcy of that the
weirdness that a lot of us have never
seen each other in person but the
normalcy of like kind of the
relationship and friendship not even
just between us but between the nation
because there is this core it's the
coolest thing and yeah so anyways
there's there's nothing else I want to
say I hope you guys have an awesome
weekend if you have a watchful franco
show check that out you haven't checked
out Table Talk today I was on with will
and Matt Lieberman and it's probably the
most I've left in a long time what it's
able to talk but yeah hope you guys are
having an awesome day and I love your
faces and my question to you what are
the random things throughout your day
that make you smile of its person
know that if it's a thing just do that
thing more that's almond and today on
words stuff things bye
