hello nation I hope you're having a good
Wednesday I'm here in my room of chill
the hell out Ness which might be hard
because I only have what could be 15 to
20 percent battery based on this
terrible terrible computer I'm on right
now I'm pretty positive I'm gonna throw
this MacBook Pro in the trash and just
stick with my razor blade Pro cuz I hate
this the battery indicator is really
more about guesstimation than it is an
indicator that said welcome to what I
will now call what's up Wednesday I like
given things unnecessary names enjoyed
answering your questions last Wednesday
so much I was like let's do that every
Wednesday so if you have a question
about anything me life your life
anything whatsoever leave it in the
comments down below and maybe I'll
answer it like I'm about to do with
local 21 who asks on a scale of 1 to
Malaysian Airlines flight how loss do
you think you would be right now if you
had never found YouTube or started
making videos wow that was probably the
most insensitive way to pose that
question never I do not know if I should
clap or shake my head or probably both
the answer that question is who the hell
knows I was very lost before I found
YouTube videos I in my life today I
still find myself lost I feel like even
though you know I've made it or
fulfilled whatever insert bunny ears I'm
always looking for something that keeps
me intrigued
excited fulfilled because I think the
moment that I'm just like yeah I don't
need to do anything else or I feel
completely lost that is a failure of
this weird human experiment I like to
think no matter what I would have liked
still owned a business in some way and
like run things my own way but who knows
I mean that's it's a very weird thing
for me whether I I go through a
Starbucks and I hold the door open for
three people like all the people went
through or you know when when I made
massive business decisions I just even
it might be like 10 to 30 seconds at a
time but my mind goes into a completely
different life of what if I did this
would I would I have I would have the
same same group of friends and I might
have been really depressed because I had
to like do we like just business stuff
with people I didn't really like anymore
or what if I held that door open for
only two people and then that started a
conversation and a whole different life
having like crazy
see things in my head so I'm constantly
thinking about what if I try not to
actually live in that world for more
than a minute three minutes at a time
because that is a terrible terrible
place to go that might make you want to
drown yourself and so I guess the answer
that is who really knows I mean think
about it and even your own life if if
you did not go to where you went to
lunch and you went somewhere else the
possibilities are endless but what is
happening in your life is specifically
and unique to you that's amazing because
it even makes the minut things profound
in life because it is this experience
like so many people have their first
kiss and there is nothing unique about
that except that experience for you
independent of everyone else also
welcome to how my brain works
oh wow jamya says question is how do you
manage any stress in your life with your
father having his problem than you
having a baby
etc how do you cope with any depressive
stuff and here's what I want you to know
that like on this channel and just with
this conversation I have with you I'm
being very honest with myself and I've
told myself to do this even though I
know it can come back in a negative way
I deal with stress in two ways one I'm
happy I do it that way the other I'm
very disappointed in myself the way that
I've handled it in the past the positive
end is that I've looked at like the
obstacles the things that depress me
that struggles in my life as these
things that I must overcome but I won't
let destroy me so I get to be the hero
in the situation and the other side that
I I do I have regrets about is that I've
taken myself out of the situation and I
tried not to think about it the big two
examples of that in my life is my father
with his PKD
and my old buddy Charles Trippy with all
the stuff he's had to go through the
past few years and I would just throw
myself 100% into work because I was
doing something that's for my future and
you know it's business and I have to
think about it and think about family
but all the while just because it wasn't
in front of my face and so it wasn't my
reality that doesn't change the fact
that it was reality it is reality and
anything it made the situation worse
because I wasn't there for that person
completely at that time when they might
need me and if I think about it it's one
of the most selfish things that about me
that I've done in my entire life is
trying to trick myself into not caring
because it's not like the only person
that is is being hurt in that situation
as yourself you're hurting those that
that care about you that that that think
that you care about them that you can do
in fact care about it's you that's
broken that's you that sucks it's you
that that feels so guilty that you don't
know how to actually fix that situation
it's just remembering stuff like that
and knowing that even if it's too late
for some people it's not too late to try
and so I know that I have luckily been
able to do that with with some of the
people in my life but I mean I always I
think back and I and I realize like I've
always done this when when my parents
were split up but when I would get to
visit my dad because they lived in
different states like two days before I
went home I would always like
purposefully it felt like getting a
fight with him so I would miss him less
so that I didn't actually have to feel
something that that was sadness I've
always inherently tried to make myself
feel nothing or anger because anger has
been such a weird driving force in my
life so I guess to fully answer your
question is I have not mastered a way I
am aware of my flaws in trying to deal
with it and how that has failed in the
past and I can only take that and share
with you guys so hopefully other people
don't make the same mistakes as myself
and maybe I can move on and be like a
normal human being
real life Katie asks if you were handed
the story of your life would you read it
until the end it's hard I don't know I
would definitely read at least to the
point I am in my life because I have
such a terrible memory and I I don't
remember a lot of like my childhood and
just the things that I do or like the my
memories pretty much my entire life are
like low-res gifs like that's I'm like I
remember they would think there was a
sign or a green wall or someone was
there and they said something I don't
or anything as far as reading to the end
no I wouldn't read I might I might peek
I might like read a sentence and try and
think of what it means out of context
but if you know where you're going I
don't even though you get to experience
it I don't know if it's as rich of an
experience or it would be in this
hypothetical situation where a book
exists of you're in tight well that
would freak me the hell out then time
travel either exists or there is a God
and for some reason he's lucky I'm gonna
write about this insignificant person
that's a whole nother different mind
tracks Tegan Shepard says love you Phil
why can't you be my dad
well biologically time unless time
travel does exist hence the book hence
I'm gonna take a peek and see if I
actually go back in time and do become
your real biological father and
positionally really that just up to your
mom and me having a terrible
relationship with my fiance so I guess
tell your mom I said what's up Nick
penny asked Phil will you have your
son's name tattooed when he's born I
actually thought about this and I don't
know about his name I definitely know
that I will I will have his his date of
birth tattooed I think right here on my
arm and the last question is mkmf 78 I
hope this does not come off as being a
total bitch if the sentence starts out
that way it is a high probability but
can anyone please explain to me why Phil
would need to work from home or Skype
into meetings or even change a diaper
just because his live-in girlfriend has
a baby coming Phil bust his ass off
working to support his family while
Lindsay stays at home has no job and
tweets about napping and watching TV all
day and night and the comment is
actually very long so I'm gonna stop it
there one kmf 78 i am banning you and to
that's because if anyone even like
harasses or as negative or evil or mean
in any way whatsoever to my pregnant
fiance my family or my child that's
essentially an attack on me so three
fuck off and four it's because I care
about family I care very much about one
of my best things is my relationship
with my father growing up and I want to
experience all the things that he got to
experience all the stupid little little
like baths together and like the first
like messing with with toy cars and and
and being there when Lindsay's exhausted
because she's breastfeeding as yet and
we have to wake the baby up every three
hours so that you know
when you know we don't have to worry
about nipple confusion I can be there
with with the milk that we've breast
pumped and be a part of that that
bonding experience and also it's because
she doesn't expect me or make me do
anything it's something that I want to
do so I say that kind of as a fuck you
to anyone that would criticize a woman
who is nine months pregnant for eating
and sleeping too much I think that's
where I'll end on that question and I
hate to end the video on that it kind of
feels like daddy just had to like
discipline someone in front of everyone
that's it for today nation I love your
faces if you have more questions for me
any comments on my answers today leave
them in the description down below I
like I like this this channel sharing
again but yeah that's it if you haven't
yet make sure you watch today's philip
defranco show as well as i was on a
table talk love your faces and i'll see
you tomorrow
