you
hey guys I'm William Haynes you're
watching the vlog so guys sometimes when
you make videos you want to do cool
stuff you have to go to meetings and
Phil said and I quote I am in the
biggest barrage of effing meetings of my
life today so today I'm taking over the
vloggity as we had before we went around
and asked people things last time we did
the Q thing this time we asked them a
riddle that we got off the internet so
we're gonna ask you one question just
one it's actually a riddle and we want
to come down nah man with the serious
keep look here look at me fuckin look at
me look at me
not the camera me you're looking at me
yeah look at will all right sir now I
got some questions and you got an answer
right okay
look you work here right how long you
been here for since November all right
look you get this question wrong you're
fired you're fired all right we're out
here firing people don't tell Phil but I
got the heart of fire people you can
fire me yeah yeah that's good
we're smart right now you don't know
what's on this paper feel nervous we're
trying to see who's smart in office ah
man and um I have a good feeling you're
gonna get up I know it up man all right
here I questions uh you got to know this
kind of stuff running company all right
oh we hurt without movin we poison
without touching we bear the truth in
the lies we are not to be judged by our
sighs what are we say it again one more
time um I have no idea chokes OH
chose who to tell yet but the code is it
would be like a penis that's like it's
fatter than it is like like that one uh
and absolutely incorrect our feelings
what are we
it's really simple so is it yeah we wait
we'll do or time the words it is words
holy shit drew smart yeah I thought it's
the size so look at ow gosh darn it what
are we words gosh darn it wait did you
hear I wouldn't yeah
Santa listening why ready
oh good gosh damn cheater it's about you
thinking that you're smart anything but
you know your bear the truth and the
lies what's secret
Plus what are we worked holy shit yeah
wait did you know the answer oh this is
really easy really yeah God how did you
know words he reads books they fly out
your mouth words words oh really oh yeah
there you go you can run the company
right one will edit that in a way where
it looks like you got it right we're not
to be judged by our size words mmm hey
fucking dude you got your smart bird
yeah you guys are really fast I just
need you here try with Owen can I touch
your penis touch my penis oh god are you
Adams I don't write Owen it's a riddle
all right you ready for this
he looks mad all right mother say oh boy
ha ha ha ha
not gonna come to be fifth time's a
charm
so apparently there are some smart smart
people in the office that are the whip
'yes we got we got Luke who surprised me
because he knows things that I did not
know and then you got Steve who is a
smart emic smart pants and drew but we
all knew drew you know he knows stuff
and that's why we don't like even some
some of our leaders don't know things
Phil you know I'ma be honest I wasn't
surprised you didn't know couldn't come
up with an answer but you pay my
paycheck all right so I'm a bi it's cool
I just got this stuff off of Google to
be honest I don't know what I'm doing I
just you know I just I don't I I
wouldn't have known go home and tell
Sarah that you're smart what ever has
ever told me how smart that was no once
in his life maybe if you tell her that
you might get to you're naked tonight oh
my god I would love to see my wife naked
just once
