nation I hope you are having a good one
Friday is at the office are an
interesting bit so it's a lighter
schedule mainly for me because I don't
have a main show I usually like a jump
in on head to heads which is gaming
doesn't really feel like work there are
meetings which it was interesting this
week because it was a mixture of good
bad news and we're setting up for a lot
of changes around the office both with
new properties and existing ones and so
it was nice to get a break for a second
on Friday for two things one Jenny who
works customer service at FHP is out
right now but she came in to to show off
her brand-new beautiful baby boy and she
just like she like through I think it's
something that like people that have new
babies that know that like there is a
couple that has a baby on the way
there's like oldest baby this is your
future and held that baby and I wasn't
as scared as I usually am I loved it one
he's an adorable fucking baby too
I don't know it felt a little more
natural yet excited oh my god I just
can't wait right now my interaction with
baby DeFranco is very limited to poking
Lindsay's belly and him going like what
are you doing why are you kicking I
don't know why I'm actively kicking even
though you can't see it on camera also I
posted a picture with the baby and like
20 percent people were like oh that's
not those baby it looks adorable though
then after the baby we got a package or
I should say lots and lots and lots of
packages from our buddies over at
project Triforce who really the best way
to describe their company is they make
cool shit from video games into reality
and then they sell them and they said
they're going to send me stuff like a
year and a half two years ago and then
we progressively kept talking and
talking and then they I guess they sent
me all the things at once so it's Steve
being a big nerd I had to bring him in
on that what is all this shit what is
all this so my buddy from
Triforce which is where we got that
old-school Mass Effect 3 gun said he was
an assent stuff to me like eight months
ago and then he like I guess he saw us
do that
other vlog we had the unboxing via the
collector's edition of titanfall he was
like oh yo I gotta send you some stuff
and then he sent us probably is it a
twenty boxes it's like yeah it's
ridiculous he felt me cuz I thought see
there's one thing in here that you're
gonna love but he can't have it's like
Bioshock or something I'm gonna this is
like to rip anything this is like a
trunk lid it's a body of a oh oh holy
shit
oh my god dude you could kill a guy with
that Wow okay so it's got a lock in
well you snap in
yeah now it's like snap damn fucking
movie prop god this is ridiculous
is amazing could be and I wonder if
there's more than one of these that
would be amazing
oh sorry oh my god if there's more than
one it's going in my trunk is there like
an you can I saw how's it gonna make me
feel easy running although excited
no no oh my god
dude I didn't even know they made this
what I have here is a beautiful piece of
art it's just it just it it's a 12 5-12
make sure he does not steal this he's
gonna watch me you following it yeah
we'll see so much see what's in this and
then I think these are the only other
maybe not see ya alright you don't
understand how much of a joy it is let
it grow dude but uh this says it's
another battery are you gonna take it I
mean we can load it up in your car right
now Phil's gone you know and I wonder
why I like Fridays I mean everyone has
the reason of Fridays you know working
to the weekend and I never really felt
like that as a youtuber because every
day it was like just kind of exciting
because we produce content and it never
really felt like a job but I do realize
more and more I think part of the reason
I am excited about this baby is it's a
regular human person thing like a really
regular thing that I can focus on and it
is real life ramifications and it's not
about egos of people in this weird
youtube Hollywood industry and it's not
about being in the red or the black when
it comes to the money of a business and
it's not about like hiring and firing
it's just just life it's just life which
is a weird thing to say it's the you
know your life is this amazing thing and
I feel like as humans we sometimes go
out of our way
to complicate it and make it shitty not
always but sometimes it's the way it is
I'm looking very much forward to just
nice real life being tired and exhausted
and worried about real things and not
just bullshit entertainment things maybe
I just get excited for the weekend
because I got to play putt-putt with
Lindsay and I know that I can beat her
because she's pregnant and off balance a
lot it's definitely one of the two and I
guess the last thing I want to bring a
note on is don't take this as a tuber
whine if anything this is this is me
talking real talk with you and also
saying thank you thanks for being a part
of of the thing that that makes me
excited to to go in every day it is the
the place where I get the most things
and
thank you who for tubing that there's a
lot of it is really just a confusing
thankless job so thank you very much I
love your faces and I'll see you
tomorrow unless I die that probably
won't be the case
