Phil Phil Phil Phil Phil Phil Phil Phil
Phil Phil Phil having a crisis Jim
fucking quit you're in a crisis what's
wrong I'm making coffee because I want
coffee okay but also at the same time I
want to go oh but do I chew the gum just
for 30 seconds like a schmuck and then
waste the gum by spitting it out and
drinking coffee because you definitely
don't want to mix gum and coffee yeah
where do I just drink that and then
after the fact but I I'm a sipper so the
coffee is gonna exist for a long time
I'm over complicating this situation so
Phil yeah you know it today is wait is
it another sponsor day like specifically
Nord VPN org slash Philly D yeah also if
you don't know what a VPN is essentially
it allows users to securely access a
private network and share data remotely
through public networks it's kind of
like a firewall protects your data on
your computer but this is unlike osa
Nord VPN has over 1,000 super fast
servers in 61 countries and absolutely
no data logging
you got any trouble they got 24/7
customer service if you do not like it
they got a 30-day money-back guarantee
one of my burn hurts stop it and best of
all if you go to north VPN org slash
Billy Dee you sign up for three years
we'll take 77 percent off
that's great Phil you know what you know
what I'm proud of what this is our first
sponsorship that we did inside the via
the kitchen slash cage you know what's
really crazy as messy let's go into this
as messy this is not nearly as messy as
whatever the hell's happened yeah look
at all that out there pure chaos well
Phil you know what we're doing today
what we're doing celebrity quotes where
you have to pull a quote out of a hat
you even have to fill in the rest of the
quote or guests who said it that's
harder you're gonna give options yeah
yeah oh yeah there's options Ville and I
guess one for mythically for you that I
just dropped on the ground I think gay
marriage is something that should be
between a man and a woman was this Sarah
Palin Arnold Schwarzenegger Ted Cruz
you know fucking giving me any help
right here but read it read it again I
think gay marriage is something that
should be between a man and a woman I'm
trying to imagine it in their voices oh
wow how did I just fucking lose that
word you said of a gay marriage is gonna
be so fucking stupid
I know it's probably Ted Cruz or Sarah
Palin I'm gonna go with Arnold
Schwarzenegger
you're correct yes would you need to
reuse this ya know now could I just want
to throw it out for you Phil
actually we recycled now here we go
there all right cool
all right though I was right by accident
a little bit but I'm a Trekkie
hey you got a pic take a quote out of
this head do you mind if I sit back a
little because your breath is very bad
all right so the options are a Charlie
Sheen B Donald Trump or C Lindsay Lohan
most likely to say this I could totally
see Trump saying this I don't feel like
Charlie Sheen well maybe he would he's
kind of an asshole Lindsay Lohan man
this is a good one final answer C final
answer incorrect beats Charlie Sheen go
on your computer right here okay type in
Donald Trump quality right Wow I think
that wasn't sincere Keith as your
punishment you now have to come up with
your own quote leave your legacy and
your quote is a good you bit evening by
Keith Batista
thanks thanks cubes anything else you
need no that's it you're gonna pick
quotes you're gonna read it the best
revenge is massive blank Frank Sinatra
I'd say success Oh
final answer yeah best revenge is
massive success you're correct
look at that did you know that you just
know I'm just a smart lady
and what's your quote what's your legacy
quote you were to come up the floor
right now I don't think it's my quote
I'm gonna be happy for people this year
like Danny Rosenberg read the whole
thing you would spying everything blank
is the most powerful weapon which you
can use to change the world
oh you got a serious one who's that by
Nelson Mandela okay it's a blank let's
think about it they're like answer on
the back you're mine you're kind of
close but you're not right well you need
your mind to do this education education
come on Jason you should have known that
I guess that's what happens when you get
older in and out of school they just
like help get by so now since you are
you got it wrong you have to now make up
a better quote if you were to leave this
earth what's the what's the quote that
you would leave the people of the world
trying as a set up word for family
let's read it out loud we read the whole
thing the whole thing don't cry because
it's playing smile because of blank
well who was it by dr. Seuss okay do you
know this don't cry because it's over
smile because it happened
I mean you got it right yeah Joe that's
like a very popular quote that's an easy
one
yeah an easy one but I I mean I got
there's some easy ones in there you know
you now need to come up with your own
quote that's so much pressure I don't
know can I can't steal anyone else as it
has to be my own has to be your own oh
we can try to alter one there's a quote
that I've really really loved for a long
time
hey you made up Penguins maybe and
second smile if it hurts now it's not
going to hurt later can I just tell you
why though I said that one of my
favorite quotes is from Garden State and
it says if you can't laugh at yourself
life is going to seem a whole lot longer
than you'd like there you go Thanks
alright boys you know the rules
all right pick quote would you want each
if you're absent during my struggle
don't expect to be present during my
success and this is either Nicki Minaj
Eminem or Will Smith oh that's a tricky
one the only one I would say we're out
it's definitely not Nicki Minaj which
left it to Eminem and Will Smith and I
believe that helped those two we would
it would be Eminem okay it just finally
finalized its Will Smith as your
punishment you need to come up with the
quote that's better than that quote like
right now yeah yes yeah 30 seconds um if
you look deeply within yourself you will
understand the world okay and what is
yours the advance of Technology is based
on making it fit in so that you don't
really even notice it so it's a part of
everyday life my options are Steve Jobs
Elon Musk or Bill Gates well you got ten
seconds Elon Musk is cool but he made
PayPal not anything clever I'm gonna go
with Steve Jobs just my instinct you're
wrong who actually Bill Gates Bill Gates
okay the other option it's now Luke now
it's time to leave your legacy
what's your quote every day your goal
should be to make someone laugh
powerful stuff did he make you laugh
today almost with that with that I made
a letter today thanks for your legacies
look inside yourself
understand the world you understand the
world game is gonna pick out these new
beautiful hats that we had there's gonna
be a quote in there I'm just gonna read
the full quote just read it it's like a
little quiz oh okay I was like that's it
I won't go into a big spiel about
reincarnation but the first time I was
in a Gucci store in Chicago was the
closest I've ever felt to home oh man
so who said it Kim Kardashian Kanye West
Mariah Carey all right do you think it
is I feel like it would be Kanye because
he's all about Chicago but this feels
very ditzy so that really puts me on the
the Kim Kardashian wheels attorney okay
and she you know maybe she's like
identifying with Kanye I'm like yeah but
then I went to Gucci no that doesn't
make sense you'd be like Chicago's gross
I'm a lot about them geez all right
here's a little booze you - I feel like
Mariah Carey probably hasn't set foot in
Chicago about New York you have an
interesting breakdown I'm gonna go with
Kanye all right is that your final
answer
yeah because he grew up poor so like if
you went to a Gucci store eucharistic ah
go I'm gonna con you you're actually
correct yeah all right yeah do you want
your own quote but you said I said here
no it's just it it's it's just too tense
there you go she's tense it's just tense
quote you don't become what you want you
become what you believe Heather a Oprah
Winfrey be Tony Robbins or see dr. Phil
that's a pretty dumb quote I'm gonna
Oprah Winfrey you're correct buddy jeez
good work all right
it's particularly dumb quote so you
don't believe it you don't become with
you all you know what you believe I mean
you believe whatever you want is me is
gonna happen so if you want to go on
your not come a dog but if you believe
in the dog do pit save up money Jessica
Simpson Tara Reid who do you think I'm
seconds ten seconds
correct yes you don't need to go to
church to be a Christian if you go to
Taco Bell that doesn't make you a taco
all right options are Justin Bieber
Miley Cyrus RJ what do you think what do
you think 10 seconds I think oh you know
your celebrity quotes there's no prize
you have to make up your own clothing
you don't need arms to kick ass okay so
you think that's to quote that your
legacy great sorry I just heard someone
saying something obnoxious years of
realizing stuff we had a successful day
invading invading celebrities privacy
that doesn't sound okay yeah
everything's recorded now Phil so we got
all these great celebrity quotes whether
they're serious or not serious with just
dumb we invaded their privacy Phil how
why yeah I had no idea I'm just trying
to relate it to the sponsorship I don't
think that is because that doesn't make
sense these are things that people have
said publicly but you know sometimes you
say things publicly aren't always
recorded Phil like what if you're out
like you're doing a speech and you say
something in public but nobody's
recording you how does that relate to
north VPN that org just because if we
have North Beach and then Phil I've
asked everybody to make up their legacy
quote you're gonna die in the next 10
seconds what would you leave with the
world oh wow yeah best everybody Phil
I'm gonna die in 10 seconds always keep
trying to do what is right boom Phil
DeFranco boom I probably stole it it's
not like that's a unique idea but I
think it is something that continues to
need to be said
alright could a sentence that sounds sad
yeah that sounds good alright thanks
Phil thanks for that quote what a shitty
quote really surprised how well you
broke down that I watch the Kardashian
but I do watch the train wreck that is
Mariah Carey
I have never seen her out of New York
you know what she goes to Miami a lot
but I don't know anything about Kim
Kardashian's life other than the fact
that she grew up in Calabasas there's no
way she walked into a Gucci in Chicago
when she could have easily just gone to
Melrose Kanye West who grew up poor and
in Chicago that must have been like a
moment you know a little too much - I
know I know I'm so nosy
