interesting situation going on
immediately
we got Zach here stretching so we've got
we're guys we're gonna be playing a game
of Twister we've got team Brianna and
team Zach right here salt and pepper and
over here we've got I don't even know
your pepper over here we got the lovely
Jason and the okay Christy she's gonna
hate me for that just let me I'm just
gonna you're great girl people love you
and of course we've got our pas in the
background managing some stuff behind
the scenes Luke will be managing the
chat so you guys will be talking to Luke
any questions and concerns you have he
will be the one to filter them and Joe
is gonna shoot a little bit us for our
main vlog content
okay guys I think we're ready to go I
think I explained that all we're gonna
play as many games as it takes to get to
15 minutes if that's one game it's one
game if it's multiple it's multiple the
losers are gonna get pied in the face
how's that sound
it's a whipped cream pie alright okay
guys let's get into positions pick a
corner and we've got our spinner right
here what have you guys the individual
corners that's fine I'll be moving
around you guys so don't worry about
having to face me
okay guys I'm gonna spin the first one
here we go here we go
left foot red everyone goes yeah you
guys never played twister yes I've never
played it that way
oh let's see yeah what is that what does
the audience think that's the point
that's why it's difficult here we go
next one shitty spin okay right hand
yellow
you know guys you might be right it
might be individuals Oh guys this is
about having fun not about competative
other let's turn that volume off let's
start over again because everyone's
confused can we also just go with the
fleas let's restart guys everyone
restart I ask you before we start if
anybody was confused Jason you did not
speak up okay Briana Stern here we go
yeah okay cool we got it we've got left
foot red Zach actually will do Christie
left foot blue
okay let's see Ryan why don't you pick
up that spinner for me and help me spin
here sure right hand green guys
which would be Zach let's do Zach can
you lift this up higher one second guys
gonna lift up the yep okay go ahead and
spin it Jason you've got right hand red
alright Ryan you're gonna take over the
spinning duties the order is gonna be
Briana Christy Zach
Jason Zach how you doing man this is
tough right yellow Jason oh damn
it's the nature of the game crispy and
zag you got the toughest I think
technically you're not supposed to be
laying down okay there we go these guys
are already all twisted up Oh
interesting yeah you fall or if you like
lay down aren't even not allowed to take
yours and yeah yeah you're because at
least one piece of your hands or feet
must be touching the color all right
whose turns in next foot blue all right
Jason back to team right why Morgan
grief shaky all right Christy right foot
blue now if you need to twist and hurry
up Bryan
right foot blue this might be the end of
the first round
Oh goddamn Christie that's right here
buddy let's see let's see yeah you gotta
you gotta you gotta talk to Briana
we've got ya already there Christie we
have right hand a super chat before we
spin let's answer the audience the
louder you can all right spin again spin
again I've used any of your I don't
think you're nice okay
you do not count I'm not counting it's
actually against the rules to have knees
or butts on the ground well well okay
all right everyone loss well I think
Jason was first then so let's let's uh
Oh keep going well we'll use the
handicap for now is that Alright Christy
hey guys how's it going guys okay I can
do that oh god I would fail at Survivor
Jason right hand red okay you're good no
you're good you're good
you're anything yeah your right hand
yeah no I know I was like isn't it
already there okay you know
that one smells off that was a loss oh
no I thought you guys are gonna lose
they lost how do you guys feel you
showing us the world
12 minutes oh wait that's our only round
we're doing games so looks like you guys
are getting well then we have to do two
more we're not the time for that yes I
think already and I think the winners
will get the pie the losers do you want
to pie someone you want to keep laying
down all right stretch it out so how
does it how does it feel how does it
feel to be the one that fucked it all up
oh yeah oh boy do you all want to stand
there sit okay yeah don't don't don't
like smash just just lightly push it in
there give it your all
all right guys really put it in their
face now there it is
you got you guys you guys really have to
put it in their faces come on hey any
more questions or comments okay got a
question Ryan's on he's not in the room
what was that what was the question or
the answer this tattoo was a dragon fly
tattoo and yes it is oh there you go
cool any more questions Luke use a paper
towel let's get you started off what I
don't know okay guys I think this is
gonna wrap up our livestream thank you
all for joining us on this fine Thursday
afternoon tune in next Thursday for it
even more fun game we're gonna play with
even more
- mints alright guys
Joshua Creech just said something so
enthusiastic alright guys we'll see you
next week say goodbye
bye guys
