you
so think she eat his Thursday morning
I'm extremely tired I am having a dream
last night about I was like reporting
the news but I also had to fight people
and there was something about robots in
there and I literally woke up like every
when I say 30 maybe like less than 30
min 20 out of 20 30 minutes so I'm
having it's gonna be a struggle kind of
day I like to think that rather than
general insomnia it's just my body going
hey you ready to have a baby bro really
really are you ready because you don't
get sleep I don't know if anyone on the
Internet has given you that information
but you never sleep again it's a time
thing that does stick I know that I'm
gonna sleep a lot less I am I know
that's good that's anything and so like
in preparation for that what I've been
doing is trying to automate anything
possible whether it be like food
delivery services of you what can I do
over here but one of the actually the
most recent things ha is this I'm
thinking about possibly testing Dollar
Shave Club last week and you guys were
like yeah that's to invest money I have
a Spanish I feel like the third worth
done along a relationship that you guys
sold me on a product rather than the
other way around
so I tested it out and essentially what
you do is once a month you get one of
three blades you choose the blade you go
as inexpensive as $1 a month to this
executive blade which is $9 a month I
also got dr. Culver shave butter because
my face and then after gushing about on
Twitter they're like hey can we sponsor
you sometimes and I was like shout don't
you want to test out you can go down to
shave club calm slash led get you some
there's that the thing that's most
perfect today we're having a meeting
around the blog more specifically the
return yeah a lot of my my team has to
kind of just catch up with things and
I'm like I'm gonna
this now a lot of the business stuff
everything can be like it takes three
months and I take six months and I just
wanted to do something and so I know my
concern with the vlog it was like Phil's
doing it again but he's probably gonna
possibly get burnt out after like two
months he's brought back the vlog of you
twice except this time like a locket
we're saying I'm not doing it myself I
have a Darren who we took from the FHP
Channel Sam doing support from the FHP
channel while continuing to host it
brought over Brian it was fantastic who
was doing well after effect stuff on the
new show fun fact on the sxephil Channel
he didn't meet the new vloggity intro
before we cut to anything else I want
you to see what the tripod has been for
the past like two minutes oh yeah a
Waterpik Adam we high class around here
no cause why our meeting turned into a
basketball game oh because there's five
schedules of those five schedules two of
them still said we had a meeting today
others said that I had a meeting about
the meeting
at that everything got pushed a day and
none of it made any sense at all so
we're just going to talk about
everything we're doing all the people
were moving over out here which I
thought was a good idea until I found
out you were all sunburned there's three
guys here three one didn't get sunburned
it was it Sam oh so this man is
sunburned
look at that it's a tank top no we kind
of fell asleep in the Sun and then that
happened I just imagine everyone waking
up and they're like uh I was like as
long as Darren is not behind me okay I'm
a consent in life Darren and I have
played horse at least a hundred times
I've lost every single time you get it
bounced three times one two three back
way way all right when you got Dan what
you got huh what you got there all right
you got to take the ball got a right to
it tuned to tank
gasps darn I I don't do any messy stuff
except granny
lame granny shot okay wait somebody
overhears a daddy so so right before
right before you have to shoot right
before you shoot yep say this is for
slavery
the only forgiveness for slavery it's
getting real well three air balls okay
say the song it's on your head and then
do a do-over the head shot happy by
Pharrell
I don't think he understands what game
are playing Oh terrible I'm just gonna
take the kids out okay oh man no one
sold a melon
oh my god okay I'm not putting on the
cut or I have a pee you have a peek all
right close your eyes and just shotgun
Oh Oh bro you step you see them do you
step it close your eyes
I don't know shotgun means blasted
shotgun oh go ahead
are you serious did it go in you just
made it poopy feels empty
bullshit for the camera didn't do that
really oh go back in James go back in
you got it
you got a pregnant it you got a gotta
throw it Sam catch it back Oh crack
again dude a
yeah dang yet no watch the store huh
pvp's will has nothing I'm wheels
winning wheels winning how does this
happen
and you might be out oh yeah my last
words oh yeah forgot sorry I got skill
oh and it bounced off the wall alright
Sam I got this
hanging arms of the angels dang it good
thoughts I try my best
brought my a-game 12 inches thank you
the game will again when we hit me let's
make Phil look really good let's make
him win and I feel like no wins I never
do it no no you're real good Hey so much
good you're so good
that's pressure
oh poor shot I don't know oh do
something crazy
some person crazy she sure made me live
I always on me Phil he's drink this
one's for Nikki seriously though this is
for Nikki oh thank god thank you later
first LAN
you know I just can't do that nope ball
your car well we won we did we won yeah
I know got third place
you're out right say we say to my face
everybody I'm the greatest F is a game
that a hot girl over there Oh touch of a
sunburn mpi-2 pie
all right good shot will good shot I'll
give you that one
yeah okay turn me up wait make this
portal show this you got to do it a good
Drake impression all right yeah
you can't shoot from the same spot
though I know way too many people here
right now yeah oh yeah I do it's a
compression brush Drizzy ah the grassy
over yeah with Darren and I over the
years have played 300 games of horse and
pig and this is the first time I win and
it's on camera so I'd like to say to you
Darren personally I never liked you
no no oh good game good game boy the
four of us yeah sorry
