stop nagging I hope you having an
awesome Wednesday I I really just want
to take a moment to say I'm glad so many
of you are happy and excited at the blog
it is back because I am excited and
happy as well also thanks to several of
the shots not being from my hand and on
MySpace like Espo's I've realized that I
look really bad so I think that an
unofficial project lose an Olsen twin is
in order especially I was thinking about
this I'm telling myself I don't have
time to work out for baby DeFranco I'm
gonna make so many excuses after so I
think as of this week but as of you
seeing it next week I'm gonna start
trying to not kill myself with food and
try to live with activity so you could
do that that said what this video is is
I asked you guys give me some cues so I
could a and now I'm going to a your Q is
my mouth hole are you chubby or Musca
did you not just hear what I said even
though this is technically the future
from when you ask this question yeah I'm
chubby any updates on baby to Franco yes
it seems that everything's good he's
still cooking away just chilling out my
favorite things though is if he's been
an actor for a while he's sleeping is to
annoy him by singing something that
doesn't even sound good right on the
belly and then he kicks me which I like
to imagine is a sign of love or the fact
that he already knows how to deal with
annoying people violence is always the
answer until you're like 13 and then
people can actually hold you responsible
for your actions and you got to be
diplomatic
how is life treating you good sometimes
I act like my life is is very hectic and
annoying and I've realized that it's not
it's just that a few things are hectic
and annoying and I let them get to know
other than that really really good I'm
excited about the baby excited about the
work stuff in a bit too many meetings
but still having a really good time when
you're insanely busy how do you keep
yourself motivated that is actually a
fantastic question because I somewhat
have the answer there are times where
I'm just feeling that burnout and I
remember a few things it's really one I
love the interaction with 80% of the
people that watch me and then 20% 10% of
those two
I hate me and they just like to annoy me
and then 10% just make me want to punch
a wall for other reasons so it's really
that 80% of the core that have supported
me and my thoughts and everything we've
been doing and to honestly taking care
of me and mine that's that's the biggest
thing at the end of the day like if I'm
having a bad day suck it up Phil you
gotta fucking do your job I hate having
meetings going to meetings doing
anything businesslike in that sense it's
not just creating a show and you know
60% of what I do is that and I hate that
but that's stuff that I hate is also the
thing that gives me and allows me to do
all this stuff that I love so I just
shrug through it and I could be like I
could be in a coal mines or not have a
job or do one of the other million
things that I hated doing so I think
it's those two things and remembering
where I came from because things could
be a lot worse what are you doing to
prepare yourself to be a father Netflix
ting DeFranco is soon here it's a really
interesting thing because you know we're
starting to do the baby proofing even
though you don't need that for like the
four to six months before they start
like going around and just destroying
everything and because I'm new to this
and I don't trust people in general
because way too many people have been
giving me like their advice on stuff
before I've even asked a question which
and I know they're they're trying to
like do well and they mean well but I
really only trust doctors so I've been
going to just general courses on on baby
safety I know how to do baby CPR and
know how to do a toddler CPR at the end
of the day that baby is gonna be here
and he's gonna be right there and I'm
gonna have to try and take care of him
and clean up his 8 to 10 poops a day and
I'm not gonna have that much sleep but
I'm excited I'm really excited like
though it's the one real thing that's
happened to my life in a very long time
because I can make channels and I can I
can do shows and I can meet people which
is a very real experience that's
actually the closest to like a real
personal thing but but this is this is
and I'm just so pumped and I know I'm
not ever gonna be ready anyone can say
they're gonna be but it's really going
to be the act of doing something with
that that baby I want this more than
I've ever wanted anything in my entire
life and I know that by having that
feeling and at least puts me in a good
place to start how do you feel if baby
the Franco took over SourceFed slash the
PBS if you wanted to that'd be cool but
I mean that's forever down the road I
don't want to be one of those parents
that like I'm like this is what you want
to do follow in the footsteps I mean the
kid will like what the kid likes and
you'll like a lot of different things
and he'll probably be lost for a while
and it's all part of the adventure that
life is and I you know I'm 28 and I
think I know what I love but who knows
it could be done tomorrow and I try to
appreciate it and if that did go away
what next I don't know I'm gonna try and
be helpful to his search but you know he
will find out whatever he likes what is
your view on medicinal marijuana for
there that's not even it's not even
there's no valid argument against it if
you want to make an argument against
recreational marijuana I think that
makeup of additional come on come on the
studies out there right now it's
ridiculous
recreational I'm still in support of as
as a great tax supplier to take money
and put it into prevention programs for
whatever you want to do I feel like
we're not taking advantage of it I'm all
for that's my personal opinion on how
did you decide on a business model for
your show and sourcefed there must have
been so many options available to you
and this is where the cynicism comes in
because everything I've done on YouTube
everything that we've created it's
really just because we don't trust
anyone to actually do their job it still
pains me that if YouTube went down one
day just shut down we'd probably lose
around 60% 70% of our audience because
only a certain core follows us
specifically on all our social media one
of my favorite things we've been
building channels doing other stuff my
favorite things last month sourcefed.com
for the first time got 12 million views
just on a website just there there by
itself didn't need YouTube anything like
that God got the views and we had
home which was fantastic we made for
human peoples because we tried to use
the clothing Manik manufacturers out
there and they were just fucking
terrible I felt ripped off and so it was
like what if we just relied on ourselves
and so that's why I did people are
always in a block ads people are always
going to end up doing possibly a bad job
so if you take control of it and you
make it fun make it things that you
actually believe in and not some random
thing that an algorithms like this
person is going to be interested event
that will make it successful for you
asterisk as long as you have a good
audience like the nation how do you
anticipate your business will change
once you become a father well as of
right now I'm thinking of filming some
of the philip defranco shows from my
house i have a room semi set up and
ready for it as far as business meetings
I'm gonna Skype in and they'll
understand if I can't make it because I
have to do you know fatherly things and
I'm gonna kind of just play it by ear a
big part of what I want to do though is
to make sure that I'm properly helping
Lindsay with the baby and it's not all
on her because that sounds miserable and
hard really quick props to any single
parents out there Wow you are amazing
but guys that is it for this first Q&A
that we will do every now and then with
the blog Eddie back up Monday through
Thursday we have some more questions you
want me to answer just leave that
comment down below and instead up you
know how on the pds we giveaway shirt
I'm gonna give you a special prize to
just one person in the comments down
below if your question is one of the
more like questions or it's just a
really good one and I'm like that one on
monday vlogedy i will make and sing you
a little little love song just for you
that said guys i hope you enjoyed this
video I hope that you are liking the
vlogedy being back if you want to watch
yesterday's vlog link down below if you
want to watch the next vlog and it's
already been 24 hours clicking a link
down below also there was a PDS also
probably other stuff blah blah blah I
love your face and I'll see you tomorrow
