hello again vloggity today we had an
interesting morning because we are we
were woken by our first earthquake which
was really really interesting apparently
was like a four point four or four point
seven in our general area I don't know
how that constitutes as far as like how
powerful of an earthquake is all it all
I know is that all the shutters in our
house right and it was essentially it
was the the best alarm clock ever he
woke me up about 15 minutes before I was
supposed to wake up and I woke up and my
first initial thing was holy what's
happening and I go to protect Lindsey's
belly instinctively apparently and
Lindsey wakes up when she's like ah ha
ha ha and she kind of just like raises
her hands like she's on a roller coaster
and then it was over and then I was like
oh so that was the the first
earthquake ever and it was interesting
and kind of scary but I'm glad that it
didn't last more than around 7 seconds
it's also very interesting nowadays that
the way that you check to see if it was
in fact an earthquake and like someone
didn't just blow up in the house next to
you is you go to Twitter and you're like
let's see if everyone's over everyone's
overreacting
so earthquake is now healthy life
checklist of things that I should
probably experience and so there was
that then on top of doing the show today
most of it was just really boring
business stuff until I got to go to
Harley's place f ik mealtime I thought I
was just shooting an epic gaming time
playing some video games with him but it
turned out I was gonna be in an epic
Meal Time as well and that was fun I
also ate the food which um it tastes
different than what you would think I
will say that lots of cheese also I
regret dipping it in cheese to see if it
would taste different because I that's a
lot of it's a lot of colon blocking
cheese and I was a bit rough
Josh ever met Philly D a couple years
ago shouted in his face
what was it though I think it was just
trying to like fight you maybe yeah was
it a fight there was no like I'm calling
you out but now it's
years later and like I'm secretly like
having human touch on you perfect no I
think you guys all forget because you
guys have apologized we're like five
times with us reminiscing it - okay you
never had time you scared this yeah we
reminiscent without you we apologize to
you in their text messages sorry it's
always fun seeing Harley and his guys
and people like them because they're
like they're like real tubers Harley a
lot of people don't realize yeah is like
a very smart business sense about him
but also at the same time he's just a
real real dude that's just like just
doing his thing and taking advantage the
opportunity and living life and I don't
know I respect that a lot more than kind
of people that went into a going like I
want be famous
also I got to show off my gaming face a
lot of people don't realize this like if
you watch head-to-head on SourceFed nerd
or you watched me on twitch or like
you'll see on epic gaming time I don't I
like I focus in on whatever I'm trying
to do I was having to learn the game
that we were like competing in while I
was playing it and so I just get like
really really focused I do that that
game phase where I'm like it's kind of
like caveman but a little like tired
caveman and it also made me think of
just like how YouTube has changed like a
lot of it started like this room even
though this room isn't in my house like
it used to be it's inside of a studio
that contains like 40 people working on
a bunch of other projects and and they
even they were shooting Epic Meal Time
while they were shooting epic gaming
time and and it's it's it has changed
and it's so it's so interesting and I
think that's that's what keeps it for us
for me of the people that their mindset
hasn't changed and a personal sense even
if like they're also business minded I
think that's why I had not done a lot of
collabs until pretty recently with like
going on
PK
with what he's gamertag or this is that
so much of it like I'm a very cynical
person of looking at YouTube and seeing
the people that are surrounding other
people and just seeing that me use one
another and or sometimes just one and
the other person doesn't realize it and
then maybe they really know it's an
interesting place these youtubes but
that's really that was my day and I was
I was happy with it I think tomorrow I
want to do a Q&A video where I answer
your questions that you leave any
comments down below so if you want to
have a question answer video ask me a
question in the comments down below and
maybe I'll pull one and then talk about
it in a video tomorrow okay I love you
if you have not watched philip defranco
show or any of the other stuff i was on
today be sure to do that that's that I
love your face and I'll see you soon
