bareness any more than we Darren's a
rapper if you can't say it you should
hear this stuff there he said to me mo
sup guys I hope you're having an awesome
day a very special day because I felt
like I really wanted to bring back the
vlogedy if you're not familiar that's
where I have post about my life I talked
to you I show things that happens and I
know a big part of it is I realize that
a lot of changes are coming up in my
life both in a business sense and a
personal sense and when I when I talk to
to older people not people like on their
deathbed but people always say they wish
they had more well that they had done
more stuff but but that they wish they
had more pictures and more video to
remember just all these weird times that
we'll eventually we will look back and
be like wow that was hard or that was
good and so I want to do that because
even even today was it was an
interesting day you know I shot my show
like normal we were testing out will on
tabletalk testing them out on a white
wall it's always a fun new thing when
you're when you're trying to bring up a
personality a talent that you like and
you're like I think that everyone else
is gonna like you here let's showcase
you and so now that's how the day
started and then the other bit was kinda
nerdy because I've recently started
streaming gameplay and playing video
games more and trying to turn that into
some of the business we do so that I
don't feel like such peace crap when I
play video games for like 6 to 8 hours
at a time so we've been doing that and
from it you know we've been getting
business relationships is what happens
with this weird business so the guys
from Razer they sent us this awesome
razor blade Pro which is what we've been
streaming and doing much of the games on
and then very recently respawn the guys
behind titanfall they sent us codes we
gave some of those out to to fans and
then they gave us collector editions and
I was like well I'm only one person what
do I do with the other one especially in
an office of other fellow nerds so I
thought oh I don't want to
because then people get angry so why not
turn it into a game and make the two
people that do want it James and CJ
fight for it so that they just dislike
each other and not me
stood ready never to arrive all right so
respawn the kind is behind titanfall
sent us to collector's edition I was
gonna give it to Matt but he doesn't
care the titanfall is an awesome game
and he won't buy an xbox one one is
automatically mine that's just that's
the way it is the other I didn't know
who I wanted to give it to I
automatically think half moon but I know
CJ will probably appreciate it and be
better at the game they're gonna do
paper-rock-scissors
I feel like just for fun it should be
best out of five it's gonna be
paper-rock-scissors says shoot see I
already messed up paper boxes said shoot
why so it goes to James
I literally just can't be rolling clip
one you can't say Metro the replay we
mess up again Paper Scissors shoot one
yeah one Haffner oh it's my I'm sorry
EJ every time you're on camera
trying to see if it's an atlas or an
ogre it's definitely not definitely not
a Strider
those words don't make sense to me it's
okay
I'm just being losers
the feel warm and cuddly part of that is
that James turned into a good guy after
being a competitive douche like myself
and he he gave the giant Titan which is
that you can see it all out of focus in
the distance from my chill the fuck out
room gave it to CJ CJ was having CJ's
like like the puppy of the office we all
kind of mess with them but we really
love him so that's it for this video I
want to let you know that I'm gonna be
doing these initially if I have a Philip
DeFranco show up you know that you can
come to this channel youtube.com slash
ability where the vlogedy will it be at
least and the moral of today's blog is
nothing sometimes things don't have them
world they're just fun stupid and weird
and that's kind of fantastic and maybe
that's the moral even though technically
that would negate the statement I just
made so that says I love your faces
welcome back to the vlogedy and I will
see you tomorrow
