saw nation welcome to the second Channel
today I'm making this video because the
embargo has been lifted i was i was
lucky enough to get the privilege to go
to the LA event for titanfall and to do
a quickie review it's so awesome
obviously if you've watched my main
channel you know that this is a game
that I've been excited to work for a
very long time and something that's
scary with these kinds of games the hype
gets really really built up any wonder
is the hype real and for this I gotta
say yes also I'm pretty sure I'm a part
of the xbox one beta for this game which
is gonna be in a few days so i'll be
streaming my gameplay live on twitch.tv
/ DeFranco games and uploading some of
the clips to be part of vlogs but not
probably full videos and really quick
for those of you not know titanfall is a
first-person shooter / neck killing
combat awesome thinga majig afters event
after the quick jump into training so
that i learned how to wall jump which is
awesome there were three main types of
battle first one was where was 6 verse 6
everyone already had their mac and the
main goal was to destroy all the other
macs the second was a 6 verse 16
deathmatch where you start out on the
ground and you earn your mex and the
last one was along the lines of your
domination capture a capture be capture
see you slowly get points for having
those places and by far I think that was
the most interesting game type and
obviously the big question in a game
that has max are the mechs oh p is it
essentially just you play with mex and
then you can also be outside answer that
as of right now is no but even in the
three hours of playing with all these
other people you saw the game and how
people played slowly evolved both
because you're unlocking stuff like at
level 10 you get a sniper rifle all of a
sudden your gameplay changes you get
something for your titan instead of
having a she'll be thrown down poisonous
smoke but also because you start seeing
weaknesses where something was
indestructible perfect example of that
is in a game where all of a sudden
everyone had mex and they were just
having an all-out mech battle I got out
of mine and you can have your Mac follow
you and protect you or guard a certain
spot on my loadout I had it set so my
character could go invisible
now and then which makes so you can
still kind of see them but not unless
you're specifically looking for them
then I would double jump onto the back
of a Mac open it up and start shooting
doing massive damage a smart player at
this point would realize they're
receiving this kind of damage if they
don't have friends they would eject and
try and kill you to get these many
skirmishes in the midst of a much bigger
battle and also something that was
interesting is even though it's 6 verse
6 they're a good number of AI opponents
and allies those who can kill so you can
slowly get your mech faster also some
that are more beefy and they can deal
you damage and then if an actual human
player comes up you're pretty much dead
and while at first I was on the fence of
AI being in the middle of things it
definitely made it feel like there was
more happening all the time rather than
just being alone on one part of the map
all this being said while I loved being
outside of a Mac because I felt like a
one-man army destroying these big Titans
the Titans when you are in them are
amazing they're awesome as far as human
players on the ground not in Titans the
dead if you find enough the Titans are
amazing the fact that you can customize
them as well as your character that
really opens up a lot for late game and
I'll be very interesting to see once we
get into the beta what other
customization options do you get that
late game also there are a few things as
awesome as finishing off a Titan that
you've been beating up by ripping out
the pilot or calling yours in right on
top of it so all of that said as of
right now I am so so excited I have not
really enjoyed multiplayer at this kind
of level since probably halo 2 so big
things of the guys from respawn both so
that I could play this game that I was
really excited and also so I could meet
us so many awesome cool gamers I met Met
met woodysgamertag as well as like a
bunch of other dudes but that is it for
now I'm gonna go back to filming the
philip defranco show which you have not
watched yet you should cuz it's super
good probably
