nation it is Thursday I'm about to film
the Philip DeFranco show but I wanted to
do something real fast in the next five
seconds what I would like you to do
write us us connecting what I want you
to do is I want you to draw a queue on
your forehead do it with your finger
cool
so remember what you did and I wanted to
see not only what you did not only what
I did but what people around the office
did so I I got will to do some work so
will your job then I want you to go
around the office and do I want you to
go up to people make sure that it's not
in a group of people so take your hands
on your pocket real fast it's what I
want you to do is in five seconds I want
you to draw a queue on your forehead go
okay perfect
and I'm not going to tell you what it
means and then I want you to do that for
everyone you can get one of the time
okay all right cool
so the reason I had people do that is
there there's a study out there research
saying that if you do the cue this way
you are a better liar than if you do the
cue this way the reason being is that
when you do it this way you're thinking
of cue in general you're thinking about
cue for you but when you do it the other
way you're worried about the perception
of others so what they say is that it
means that because you're thinking that
you will lie more maybe you're even a
better liar I think that that is
possibly true I'm a very bad liar in the
sense of my face gives everything away I
don't know it feels it people it's
awkward there's not much I ever really
have to lie about it's just like this is
the way it is
your words that's it but I also thought
of it in the sense of you know sometimes
I can be I can be insecure I'm always
worried about perception but also a lot
of us you know we make stuff for the
Internet we make stuff for people so
perception is there or we're thinking
about that so I think it might mean
different things for different people
and so I don't know I'd love to know
what you picked what you think about cue
in general and rather than just ending
the video there a quickie update I know
that a lot of people have been asking
about what are we bringing back movie
club on February 14th the season 2
premiere of house of cards is released
on Netflix I figure that is the perfect
reason to come back because I loved and
so many of you loved season 1 of house
of cards so try and get at least three
of the episodes watched or I'm probably
gonna marathon through Lindsay and I are
gonna celebrate Valentine's Day on the
13th so that we can we can binge watch
it on the 14th but try and get a few
episodes in at the very least by like
let's say the 18th or 19th and and then
send in we'll figure out how to do it
I'm gonna make another vlog before all
of that happens but yeah I want to bring
back movie club that is a thing you
could use netflix.com slash fill ad if
you already signed up great doesn't
matter blah blah blah blah blah um yeah
alright I'm gonna go shoot the show this
is what the set looks like in case you
were wondering okay great
love your faces bye it was like a weird
weird thing but it was also almost
singing but I was probably probably made
it weirder by
