sup nation hope you having a good Monday
I wanted to make a little vloggity again
where I talk about what I've been up to
and then a topic of my choice the first
would have been up to I've been reading
at his finishes Stephen King's a memoir
on writing partly because I'm interested
in writing and also because I was told
that the way that I want to write about
building my own business how to do stuff
on YouTube online who you should work
with blah blah blah he talks about it in
the midst of his life because it's not
like most of us woke up one day and we
were like I'm going to do this one thing
and here is this plan you know you make
a lot of mistakes
everything happens organically some
people try and do it and organically you
talk about it
but anyway in the midst of all that one
it's a great book - there's this part in
it where he talks about I didn't know
Stephen King was hit by a car almost
died and just hearing like just one
person's life almost snuffed now and
then like he's thinking about all the
people you could leave behind not even
that all the things that you could be
leaving behind and not do and that's
terrifying because you know you always
hear those stories of someone on their
deathbed and it's all the things that
they're going to miss and more
importantly what they never deep it's
one of those things like that's what
pushes me out of this office like this
work is important when working with our
guys but is it still reminding myself to
experience life even in other ways that
are inside which another thing I started
recently is I jumped back into playing
call of duty because I was like I want
to do that even though the guys I used
to play with do that anymore and so I
played with fleas another tuber
shoutcaster and in this something called
the Oldman optic and it was fun I got my
ass kicked for the first four to five
times but then I actually started doing
well sometimes coming out on top which I
could say let's go without sounding
sarcastic even though I'm not sorry yes
let's go
I could see get back into this so if you
are if you want to see me do good or
terrible at video games I started up a
twitch.tv slash DeFranco games and so
I'm gonna be doing that more and more
I'm gonna schedule in certain times this
year is really it's all about schedule
I'm like sixty percent but then maybe
Franco is good Lindsay had another
checkup looks great
and it took me less than three months
now three months baby DeFranco it's
gonna be there I'm just gonna change
I'm so fucking excited assets being set
up in the other room that I will not
show you I'm gonna gonna try and shoot a
test podcast I think next week or this
week maybe with Miss de zaragoza and
special guest of some sort I think that
would be fun
I've autographed my second glamour model
this year which I've been wanting to do
more and more that was miss Ileana
Decker she was a lovely lady this year
when in doubt hung out that's that's are
we gonna start it fantastic it's so
interesting meeting models cuz Liana was
actually a she's a nice sweet smart girl
it seems like that's actually a 70% of
the time and then the other 30% of the
time you're like oh no oh no that's also
been really interesting because even
though Lindsey was like you can
photograph girls as long as they're not
fans Oh My gods and ladies of the nation
strong so angry but I just like when I
see the anger I just I'm like ah someone
either hurt you or that that's kind of
the only reason that I understand
because I know I'm gonna maybe I'm just
lucky I'm in a relationship of love
respect and Trust and that's not like a
little bit for me you blah blah blah
like it takes time it takes time we're
like well Wow November Wow Wow later
this year we're gonna be together now
seven years and it just it's you know
you change during that you you learn
from each other I know you grow and I
think it's it's something even like our
six years going on seven it's baby stuff
compared to the people that have been
like really but you know everything like
everything that person was everything
that came so I don't know I'm just in
that way I don't want to say lucky I
also don't want to say blessed so that's
uh lucky I'm lucky on both of those
lives and that's really everything we're
we're a month away from DeFranco does
Vancouver oh my god my camera's dying
okay so end a video my question to you
is what is something that you have not
that you want to do name something that
you can do like literally it will take
no time and then give me like a
long-term goal
