South Nation eighties Thursday I was
gonna do another sit-down vlog where I
caught up everyone on the past two weeks
my life but then I realized I left that
camera at home so yeah and still talked
about a bunch of stuff also if you're
wondering this is the other side of the
room that I shoot the Philip DeFranco
show in I used to have my desk and stuff
but I'm trying to organize it a desk
will probably go back I want to do a
podcast and make it look nice and it's
nowhere near done but there it is yeah
don't judge it but before I start
rambling too much of a lot of stuffs
happened let's catch up it's January 15
16 somewhere around there which means
that in about three more months baby
DeFranco will be birthed into the world
and we add to the defranco crown which
is really no I have a car so he could
he'd get that in 18 years he'll be a
shitty car by that and baby D is who I
want to talk about but what else has
happened when to Vegas with a crew for
CES somehow man should be the one of the
only two people to not get sick that's
never happened before I feel like I won
the flu Olympics and next week I start
going to like birthing and how not to
kill your baby classes so I'm excited
about that I also bought these things
called belly buds which are essentially
just like sticky headphones you put them
on the belly and you play some classical
music and it's supposed to you know like
do dishes brain make it grow stimulate
and it's also like the the best shit
like the percentage of him kicking
during those hours are amazing also
amazing I think I just briefly talked
about it on the show there are so many
songs with baby lullaby versions stuff
that like like gold digger
baby version jay-z big pimping baby
version mainly stick with moats are and
those guys even though I hear it doesn't
matter what music as long as there is
music to stimulate but it's awesome also
allow buying baby clothes I found out
that there is a whole different level of
soft that I was not aware of it's like
finding out that there's another
dimension like you just touch it and
you're like and I'm just happy because
it's against me and though I'm an adult
and I shouldn't be doing this in a store
then there's of course the other live
show as we've been talking about wanting
to do those and I wanted to make sure I
got at least one of them out before baby
DeFranco came around so we sold out
February 28th DeFranco does Vancouver I
think it's selling out right now I
didn't mention it on yesterday's show
because I only wanted people that
followed me on Facebook and Twitter to
like jump on cuz you know those people
are the hardcore is much like people
here on the vlog so excited to do those
two shows
go straight to Chicago but I'm terrified
to possibly be traveling somewhere and
then Lindsay have baby DeFranco and no
oh so I'm very excited they're only
three more months
and then I can tell you his name baby D
is such a weird thing to say but since I
don't want to get far away we're
thinking of doing some live table talks
and maybe a philip defranco does LA so
that could be fun I can do that while
not worrying about birth also I've been
following up on my New Year's resolution
I've been photographing more I had my
first photo shoot of 2014 with a
youtuber by the name of Liz cat she's
also cosplayer it was a really fun
learning experience I'm starting to
schedule more ladies and then also more
guys because I don't want to just be one
thing but just to come in and let me
take pictures and I love the poses but I
love the shots you get when you're just
talking to the person and you make them
laugh or like just kind of go what also
to the girls that are inevitably and
have been going wow I am just I get
angry no Lizzie it's cool Lindsey knows
I'm with her for the long haul and I
don't need other stuff and the only rule
there is that the people I take pictures
up they can't be like fangirls which
makes sense I do not want to put myself
in that situation as of this week about
start running and doing some working out
mainly to get that first like oh I'm
sorry I can't do anything for a week out
of the way so that I can actually do
stuff I figure I have to start now
before he comes into the world and I
have less time to sleep and do anything
else and that was the last thing I
wanted to ramble on since I got the
updates out of the way why did you want
to be when you were a kid was it
something that your parents kind of
pushed you into did your parents ever
like get you into programs or or be like
you need to do this or help you anyway
or were they just hands-off for some of
you unfortunately and I've had this with
one parent like they're gonna be
negative stuff cuz you know that's
something that I think about you guys
have heard it a million times my dad
want me to be a doctor I thought I want
to be a doctor and so I jumped into that
I also didn't do much else the only
thing I was good at physical wise was
football and I broke my arm and then
ever play football again became far too
busy with being fat and anti-social
because that's a question I get and not
not from new parents but older parents
well what if your kid is this what if
your kid is that whether it be like they
want to do this job or they have this
sexual orientation or they want they
want to go to church even though I don't
go and my whole thing has been if they
want to try something and it's not like
crack but they want to you know find
something out in the world see
they can find themselves I figure why
not that's so hands-off that it's like
you try something new every month and
then you don't like anything just skim
the surface of all these other things
and never take the deep dive into
something they find interesting I know
it's just an interesting thought because
I feel like I am someone in spite of the
way that I was growing up a lot of you
might be the same way my generation and
after especially us people on the
interwebs weirdos who saw something
messed up and they're like about that
know something I'd love to know also I
really do want to get back on a schedule
on this vlog because I like talking here
not always just vloggy like walking
around stuff but sometimes it's in the
brain verbal vomit that I want to get
out I also want to bring back movie club
once a week and I'll let you know what
the first one is once I go okay I can do
this I also I'm gonna open up my mailbox
to you guys again you guys used to send
me stuff and I would read your letters
and show the things that you would send
and maybe we we steal from Jessica Nigri
and we do a mail Monday and we go from
there pretty much I guess the main point
of this video is baby steps
answer the question there are a lot less
of us here on the vlog and I can
actually go through all of them
