sup nation I actually just came back
from the CES show floor where we were
watching our presentations and booths
getting set up and then I decided to
share that this happened ah my job as a
director is I get to dream for a living
Michael you know you're known for such
unbelievable action what inspires you
how do you come up with these
unbelievable ideas I create visual
worlds that are so beyond everyone's
normal life experiences and Hollywood is
a place that creates a viewer escape and
what I try to do is I as a director I
try to the type is all off sorry but
I'll just witness tell us what you think
yeah well wing it right now I take I try
to take people on an emotional ride and
the curve how does it how do you think
it's going to impact how viewers
experience your movies
I'm sorry okay ladies let's thank
Michael Bay for joining us I gotta say
while badasses walk away from explosions
and movies uh weird awkward introverts
like myself and I it seems like Michael
Bay walk away from bums that uh you
can't control it's not a lot of people
making fun of Michael Bay but I want to
take a brief moment to say does everyone
realize how terrifying it is to talk in
front of people especially when you're
supposed to I mean looks likely Michael
Bay was just getting be worth throwing
money at him there like say these words
on the prompter and then they were like
we don't have the words on the prompter
so you know just wing it
you know if you could suck suck the
curved TVs dick could you good yeah I
mean I personally received AC in public
speaking in college I've only gotten
mildly better yeah I mean I think that's
probably why I talked to myself in a
room for a living but my main question
is I saw so much hate towards Michael
Bay which that might be because Michael
Bay gets a rad bad rap and I like
Michael Bay movies I know what they are
my question is do you understand why he
did it would you have done the same
thing what would you have done
differently and that's really it I just
I just kind of want an excuse to say hey
nation I love your faces and make sure
you watch today's PDS supposed today uh
a new one it's the first one of 2014
it's the best one of the year stupid
joke ouch oh wow
