and nation I hope you having a good New
Year I'm just slowly getting my new
smaller office situated because I needed
to set a new set up in the Philip
DeFranco showroom so that's the thing
that he didn't need to know but came out
of my mouth
yay so since it's Thursday it's my first
day back in the office I didn't want to
do a Philip DeFranco show and a lot of
catching up to do I wanted to also catch
up with you with a quick question about
New Year's resolutions because it's
something that's been on my mind
recently because I think they're they're
good they're necessary but they're also
kind of annoying because you don't
really need a new year to be like I'm
gonna do something different but we've
decided or some people decided that hey
we're gonna just say we're gonna do new
stuff and then for two months the gym is
packed you see people aren't on the
street and then the status quo goes is
words end point made possibly because
you've been watching the show for a
while and you know what I was meeting I
also realized that I need to really
believe some of the stuff I say when I
say things like you know it's never too
late and it's rarely too soon to do
something positive with your life and so
I start thinking on the plane back from
vacation what do I want to do this year
like obviously I have the I want to be
healthy not the the lose weight thing
obviously I think with how big I am
right now my 233 pounds
that will just happen but if they
question what do I want to do that's new
so you know obviously yeah be healthy I
want to make sure that I take enough
time for my friends and my family and
that's definitely for Lindsay and baby
DeFranco as well I I find that in life
you know you have your friends you have
family you have work and usually one of
those things at the very least suffers
if not more a big part of this year's
and B me mastering that or at least not
sucking as much as I currently do I also
want to read more not to the point where
I create a book club that is every week
and then I go crazy but on vacation I
finished my final john green book that i
had not caught up on which was an
abundance of katherines finally finished
that and then I found out about Stephen
King's 11/22/63 and I read it and I
loved it and it is a massive book but it
is so so so fucking good and then I
realized oh I have a lot of Stephen King
to catch
so I gotta I gotta look through a bunch
of stuff there and I'm open to
recommendations as always then on top of
DeFranco loves Vancouver which I'll be
releasing the exact date on that I
believe next week or after CES I want to
do three other live shows that are
separate from things that I do at VidCon
or anything else like that
I want to vlog a little more even though
I'm scared about talking about my
personal life again because even though
only ten for some of the comments are
annoying or mean or giving advice that
is like Oh Lindsay shouldn't fret no
shit no shit a pregnant person should
probably not drink yeah I don't know if
de-facto for the courts of the past few
months they were like bills probably
gonna let his baby play with razor
blades and whiskey probably might have
in that video I made called babies love
razor blades and whiskey or people think
that they're being nice but they're
actually being very aggressively
annoying but I'm gonna try and disregard
that and share my very flawed life I
also want to get into my photography a
lot more not so much like landscapes and
pretty things like that but but people I
love I love I've recently found that I
really really enjoy this I've been
posting some of like the the sets on on
tumblr and I know I just love it just
like you a pretty thing that I get to
feature and then showcase pretty or like
whatever thing it's just something I
really really want to do I think finally
it's nothing revolutionary things just
get organized fucker like I don't know
there's just there's something about
like if you enter a room like I have to
clean up this this office and set it up
there's something about a room that's
not finished I think that really it kind
of showed it rubs off on the person
because it's something that's unfinished
it is a failure in some capacity all
around you it's just it's a physical
thing that is there and so I think it's
just not letting myself become
overwhelmed at the point that that all
these little things slowly wish you into
this tiny ball if that makes any bit of
sense but that's that nation I would
love to know what New Year's resolutions
do you have for yourself are you are you
starting a project lose an Olsen twin do
you want to do more something do less of
something what do you what do you want
to do or change in your life and do you
think you'll actually do it
and not like I hope I do like do you
think that you're gonna do it because it
is a it's a mind or body thing and what
sucks is that you know sometimes the
mind gets complacent so the body follows
suit but if you just your brain is the
general you gotta kick the troops into
shape so they say probably if I knew who
they were but nation that's that's
really it
I gotta get light bulbs and like normal
stuff set up in here but that said I
love your faces uh I'll talk to you soon
and if I don't I'll definitely 100% see
you on Mondays philip defranco show
which will probably be from a hotel room
in Vegas love your faces bye
