Phil when we go into the airport because
we're going to New York
thank you it's a joke I'm issuing a
challenge I want you to make a KC nice
stat airplane review video but from our
coach seats everybody's good and ugh
they have this wait three entry class
what up Joe
we're doing several things my first
thing first gotta buy a good jacket
Express looks like it's open it's on
Times Square it's probably gonna be
priced affordably did you ever want to
see what shopping with filled up
furniture looks like this actually it's
not for you set temperature just mean
whining we are here for several reasons
but the main reason is that I'm going to
sit down with Nadia Seidman he's the CEO
of you know launching this new thing
called rise also called props it is
incredibly important for you to know
that I'm an advisor obviously it's in my
best interest and probably contractually
in there that they want me to talk about
it going to invest my own money in it so
if you decide to participate which I'm
not saying do holy shit
just know that this is the thing that I
would profit from this I want to be is
100 percent transparent as possible and
we're here for one more reason oh your
modeling career I just want to be on a
JCPenney catalog
almost there makes a quiet beating hey
Seto I think you're planning the next
big Christmas video in KC right these
are pretty to it okay so here's the
thing I would be a Christmas tree I'll
be on a boosted board we're surround my
feet which presents on the board you put
in the thumbnail that's right click on
that make sure you get at 60 frames per
seconds we have to fall in slow motion
I'm gonna make a new channel called fat
fill Falls boom Casey just brought in
this random building you need one of
these in your own if you buy this whole
thing as a kit
the wooden part you build it yourself
but you paint it yourself it comes with
the buttons and all the wiring this is
all runs off of a single Raspberry Pi
but this is every Super Nintendo
Genesis Nintendo couple other systems
like arcade game ever made but he'll
doesn't let us have fun that room grace
not working here I can kill if you're
looking for a job I'll take the resume
now or later I'll email to you right
Phil dear son of a bitch I supported
your Instagram modeling career and this
this fucking yeah I love I got any
modeling tips Casey I'm here for you
cause you're blue steel moves Hauser
does that answer your question
don't forget to hang out more I'm sorry
that I'm
a lot of fun good my resume yeah brother
man Casey and I are best friends he
asked me to take a picture in the seat
for for beam and I was like what are you
gonna caption this Casey this could have
people think I'm gonna be a part beam
news I'm gonna just fucking drop okay I
dropped us in the whole office oh good
that'll teach that oh I love to work in
a building with no windows this building
looks like a shitty game of Tetris
balloon saloon why didn't I think of
that business opportunity
this bird's this one have some breakfast
and they're eating a paper bag
so happy another targets opening up
right across the street
we're in a cab indecent carry B you have
motivational speech come on oh man six
letters that's all it takes six letters
I tell kids on my Instagram six letters
H UST le hustle hustle every day six
letters one word I got all these fake
tripping oars that I got a deal with
showing me their yacht their boat that's
the same thing I just said their plane
and I'm like that's not question rustles
waking up at two o'clock in the morning
take that call Oh take that run make
sure you have energy for the rest of the
day while sixty pounds overweight how
are you now get it everyone got it
you guys hire you know send my resume um
we are we're hiring a designer breeze
I'm so excited about Rhys and props is
it's delving into two worlds I'm very
excited about which is live and crypto
Rhys a many-to-many video live stream
it's very cool I personally want to use
it for for Q&A is where I bring the
audience into it playing several games
whether it be trivia or whatever and
what's really interesting is how people
get paid out of earnings you earn props
you hold on to the props depending on
the market it may be worth more later
and additionally what's cool about the
service it's not just the broadcasters
that can make props the viewers as well
can get them and earn to me that seems
like there's so much potential to to
help bring crypto a little more
mainstream this is why I'm so excited I
am advising I am invested I'm not giving
you advice for what's but your money and
I'm not a financial adviser have
everything to gain from the situation
but I am also genuinely excited so
Instagram models sometimes have to do
appearances they have to insta stories
stuff like that need to learn how to use
this Joe Wright is my good side so we're
starting off right already Kevin brought
up Angela as a guest but here Mike and
Sarah are just hanging out there for you
to drag any one of them any one of them
down to it also just old
okay so I'm in this little room right
now you're in a private chat I don't
need the three of you can hear okay
you're watching the main screen this is
the show this is you what your buddies
just hanging out so we can make fun of
them
exactly so I'm trying to be an Instagram
model I need some advice
donation is that is that good or do I
need to go like even even Morris
yeah it's mediocre how about like Jose
naci√≥n will that be judging but they
can all watch me they're all watching so
yeah they're all here watching you right
now let's get everybody up in here this
is the the Joe show I'm a future
Instagram model do you like when uh the
shirts on or shirts off shirt off okay
so I'm gonna turn it on to you guys what
do you want to be when you grow up let's
start with
let's start with village keV what would
you call it my very first Rose shirtless
shows the fans love Isidro I want you to
tap on their name and then give them up
a bunch of presents my homeboy village
keV here he wants to start my fan club
so I'm gonna give them tons of poops I'm
gonna give you a little cupcake Oh
beautiful I love the little number
that's like what yeah
all right guys fun can I do a shirtless
photo like on the desk was concentrated
I'm shaking we built you know you have
millions of users why are you now taking
your team to focus on developing props
we want to invent interactive television
we want to allow for participatory
experiences to users we want consumers
to buy into our virtual currency on one
side and other consumers to take out and
earn that money on the other side and
we're very consciously decided to forego
the benefit of just building this on top
of you now for the greater benefit of
not being restricted and building it in
a way that is crypto and blockchain
friendly from the first moment the goal
is to create a more equitable
marketplace a more efficient market
place to cut out middlemen and to give
more value to the folks who create the
valley oh that was fun yeah do you know
I'm excited excited to get a free
t-shirt too oh no where'd it go Oh
I loved it
we constantly have like new big doors
opening this is something that could be
just so big for so many creators ya
think so wait a second
SpongeBob SquarePants is a musical we
need to fill the Franco music oh I like
that I get to be played by Reynolds yes
I was gonna say who plays Olaf
Gandalf no no you got a Gary D today
give me some inspirational shit Phil
whatever there's new stuff there's
opportunity whenever there's panic
there's opportunity whenever there
something succeeding if you look to the
opposite of that there's opportunities
you just gotta grab it that was deep oh
my God my dick Oh miss it that fist
here's my review of the economy class
here we have a beautiful sentence which
screens are plastic retractable tray
with a really nice couple there pocket
for delicious Twix some shitty in-flight
reading material or retractable armrest
and a lovely 10 button remote that you
always hit with your fucking elbow
thanks for getting us first-class
tickets Phil
