looky here
yeah I'm stuck again that's very sweet
like hello world I'm holding a camera in
a car that I'm not driving it also
there's a man on the phone there I hope
you didn't see me hope this hello that's
it okay bye now are you doing what is
where z1o
baby where is he why do you know do you
know come on be honest be honest with me
stop I am
almost done
hello no no that was anyone here to
murder me no someone's gotta be here
hello hello for a second I was thinking
that would be like the most unfortunate
way to die but it also might be the most
appropriate way to die
you just have to monetize it the death
of Philip DeFranco feel like it's good
SEO and you know get all the hits son
get all the hits boy your ISM at its
best but I figured you know I do have
this moment before anyone comes in I
would be like Joe Bereta and a few of
the early crew busting ass as always to
say hey what's up what's new with what's
new with me you saw some clips I mean I
moved I'm in a new house I don't have
that crazy view anymore but I do have a
backyard that I can let my dogs just
like hang out and which is nice for them
I don't have any new furniture but you
know you've got a couch got a bad got a
big TV I'm set that's my kind of
baseline is is it as bad as college do I
have an air mattress that I have to
inflate at 3 o'clock in the morning and
realize how empty and hopeless my life
is no okay great I'm doing better I'm
doing better than where I was that's
fantastic if you're doing that don't
worry it's gonna get better
unless you get addicted to drugs and
then here in the streets what else is
new I'm very weak that's why I had just
switch hands so I could talk to a camera
that weighs probably half a pound yeah
that's pretty special I was getting its
getting pretty fat now I'm only kind of
fat what else we have on the philip
defranco show gonna be keeping that show
Monday to Thursday this next year but
I'm also gonna have a long-form show
over the weekend just probably me and
I'm thinking Steve and then a special
guest I'm gonna see who I can get on I
just want to talk to interesting people
about interesting slash stupid things
just guys vlogging a bit not too much
because yeah I don't know I uh
there are days that my life is just
boring and I don't want to have to fake
it with you and or bore you to death so
there's that I might be doing it to you
right now lorig SourceFed some of the
same
but doing more stuff out of the office I
know uh I'll be at CES this year with
Trisha she'll be doing content for
SourceFed nerd from CES in Vegas and
I'll be kind of just there with this
camera going look at that that looks
like really cool I wonder if it'll be oh
okay it's not nearly as cool as I
thought it was okay I'm sad f HP so what
we're gonna be doing as of next year is
a bit of a mishmash of stuff I looked at
the the numbers III ran it like about I
want to say like a hundred fifty times
from all these different possible
locations and I realize like I don't
like how much you're getting charged on
shipping so we're gonna offer free
shipping we're gonna put the shipping
into the price but the way everything
has been calculated a lot of the time
it's just I don't like how much we've
been charging you at all
so essentially like if you got a $24
shirt in the United States we have a
flat fee of five dollars shipping knocks
it up to twenty nine dollars what we're
gonna do is knock up the price to $27.99
and then and then just free shipping so
it actually saves you money which is
nice and then at that also the way that
our system works instead of having a
different page for shirts and tank tops
and then a different page for the same
design on a hoodie and then this a
different page for it on a poster and
then a different page for cuttin and I'm
for iPhone case because our system
doesn't calculate shipping properly we
put it all on the same page so you can
actually see more stuff it's just gonna
be cleaner
I'm just so ah I hate when things are
like disorganized it makes me crazy it
makes me so crazy so I guess the main
thing there is more organization thanks
to the drawing board and awesome
creators more awesome designs and then
more money for you and on the on a super
personal and maybe is doing great we've
been going to the the ultrasounds when
we get back in January we're gonna start
going to to birthing classes but more
importantly for me I forgot it's called
but essentially how to raise your baby
and not murder it classes I think that's
very important
I get excited thing about hopefully the
opportunities I can offer the kid and
and just and now
not not push them to any one thing but
give them just options I don't know I
get excited I don't want to be one of
those parents that that lives through
their kid but you know that I imagine
them there's some sort of some sort of
like hi parents get from seeing their
kid grow into and out of things and I
don't know hopefully feel fulfilled
we've been having conversations and like
I want I want him to have opportunities
like Lindsay had and more but to still
have to have worked for it like I feel
like I have I think we're definitely I
don't know
even talking about it I get like excited
I'm excited but that's it this is me
rambling you're probably like shut up
already okay I love you I'm licking the
screen this is weird but yeah I'm gonna
go get food hopefully if anything is
open at this point love your faces
