nation it is it's Monday morning I'm
researching stuff for the PDS making
sure that I can limit how much of a fool
I look like and inspire young minds or
whatever you get out of the PDS but I
referenced a little bit ago about how my
baby announcing video made it to the
front page which was kind of cool but
ultimately like terrifying because it
unleashed a crazy and I remembered from
that day I had screen shot some of my
favorite random things from the video
some of them make no reference to me
like the first one which was wait let's
see random hate John Doe says I see
really seriously hate everything about
the black community they have
contributed nothing to America besides
violence that wasn't even on my video I
mean that's a 1 but I guess to what okay
racism awesome then a lot of people that
seem to be confused about how sex works
did you 6:9 know he busted all cons and
nuts deep inside I mean I imagine it was
one kind of nut but yeah is Lindsey the
real mother Phil seems like a player no
offense it's hard to take offense on
that one because I don't think you know
how babies work then someone finally
gets it that must mean you put your
penis in her vagina ha ha and Dave
Rogers then correct no he fucked her in
the ass so hard he punched through her
anal wall and flooded her uterus with
jizz and blood to my baby sister I told
you not to watch my blog Benny we had
Morris procreation is overrated consider
adoption if you absolutely must I would
advise against either altogether
think about it the breeders God isn't
pleased with disregard and celebration
of crossing his lines because they were
put here based on his immeasurable
wisdom Islam is the way well I don't
know what the hell happened in this one
you know I used to watch Hill for a long
time I loved his show and then one of
his shows he talked about a woman who
had a child in a store and the child was
fussing he then went on to say he felt
all pregnancies should be aborted and
that he would never have children and if
he were to ever get a girl pregnant he
would demand an abortion I quit watching
his show after that I don't know how I
feel about this announcement I think
that you are either crazy or you had a
really
intense dream this bitch you crazy what
PDS goes
welcome to the philip defranco show
there was an annoying child all women
should have abortions and of course
finally when the new viewers were being
racist random religious people crazy for
just some people that were negative
including this comment which was so
negative I decided to comment back oh my
god where can I send my gift of negative
two shits how to be to the SourceFed P o
box down below in related news my wife
isn't pregnant because we have hobbies
and life goals that fulfill us further
than a society developed ideology of
having children to feel accomplished
who beat you as extra that's not even a
fair question how many people beat you
as a child
there's no reason whatsoever to be that
negative unless someone like just fucked
your wife in front of you I responded in
less humble fashion than I normally do
because sometimes people need to be
smacked in the face with real life with
that attitude please don't have children
as far as life goes I point you over to
my list of life accomplishments but it
might make you feel insignificant I'm a
big fan of boasting about what I have
and what I have done because I don't
believe that life is a big dick
measuring contest but if you call it
into question and a disrespectful enough
way I am going to slap you in the face
with it so I guess the main points here
one please do not have children the
world needs less assholes and if you
don't because you have all those hobbies
and you know things I think the world
may have one two three less assholes too
it's interesting to think of what makes
your life significant I used to when I
was growing up used to think that it was
all about money like that was the number
one thing in my mind I was like I'm
gonna grow up and get money and then
growing up I've realized that there are
so many other ways to to win at life to
have a significant life whether it be
what I've experienced in my life
personally what I've made possible and
given to friends and family around me
the experiences that we've shared
together whether in person or just in
this virtual world and it's really just
having an impact on on one person and
and living a life that you don't go
that's up that's just stuff that I
wanted to say don't think that that
video was all random hey there was so
much love from the nation I loved so
much of it and we just I just have to
shine a light on the fucking stupid
terrible crazies that are around us
because that's what makes us altogether
so special even though we got a few of
our own
that said I'm gonna go shoot Table Talk
or three do a Philip DeFranco show do
about a billion other things and then
I'm headed to New York I'm gonna be
inside of you New York in just about 24
to 36 hours please bitch and
