sup nation eighties Wednesday I'm
currently in the storage room that leads
to the intern room which is actually one
of my favorite rooms in this office
because they like to draw on these once
they're done with the work so door and
the reason for that is if you walk into
this door we will laugh then ask if
you're okay which i think is really the
proper the proper order of things also
in the intern room we have the remnants
of the Facebook Fanpage wall which we
might might bring back because we have a
much larger studio we could do something
much bigger and then finally that I
think they change this every two weeks
last time I was in here it was portal
but this week we have a ghostbusters
very awesome and Tim Burton's The
Nightmare Before Christmas otherwise
known as when Tim Burton made really
decent movies and then something
happened that said the reason for this
video is I wanted to share the gender
the baby which we found out yesterday
and I want to share that footage so that
is what this is gonna be so enjoy that
and then we'll have words for a second
after you feel you are you're
presentable now excited even though we
might not find out if it's a boy or a
girl
yeah do you haven't seen it
that cell in the scene essence is like a
little bomb yeah
I've been away yes a minute I'm already
a failure mm-hmm I'm so excited it's a
question are you rooting for boy or girl
no well no matter what its gonna look
like a little monster today this little
tiny monster real no it won't make that
face it will just be like takes after
you it'll make that face another default
I'm like really fast if you get if you
get my my nose I'm so sorry
well I'm prank worth it it doesn't it
can get my lips can get I hope it gets
your lips so it's like in duct phase
like a good weed out um sorry
or this one I thought you were just okay
yeah
I'm gonna make you sweat it out for like
ten seconds what do you think is it what
do you think it is like if you had to
bet right now have you had a better
hundred dollars what do you think what
do you think the baby is well let's find
out
so you're pretty sure okay just making
sure don't want to tell people have that
big warning warned you okay now we know
what it could is little nose the little
nub nose this family I don't think I
wrote that
very okay so we got the nasal bone
nuchal translucency and we have the
length of the baby and all look
fantastic
you could really
there's a mostly to this wave movement
here this isn't how we know something
lifts their butt and eventually get back
at their shoulders and their heads so
they usually stop but Tommy wait for
them until they reach the neck because
we want them just to move off of the
sack that they're lying on so we
determine but the back of the neck looks
no lady
those words that's everything a father
wants to hear perfect
so really everything's downhill from
here because we may get a perfect baby
but we are gonna mess you up
not really just like the normal amount
of mess up that's supposed to happen
when you're growing up I can't wait for
you to be here but that said I'm gonna
stop talking to you I got to talk to the
nation real fast
reason being nation I love yo faces you
um you've been with me on this oh it was
very cool but also like a scary thing
that the announcement video that I was
going to be a dad got to the front page
of YouTube and you saw all the crazies
come out um and I love that you guys you
guys have my back you have Lindsay's
back you have baby defranco's back oh
the forming spine and ribcage and back
and even when we post pictures on
Instagram and Facebook and you just
you're always there and you're
supportive and I just want you to know
that it is appreciated and I love you
for it because that's what this is it's
a big weird extended internet family I'm
glad I get to do it with you because it
makes me feel about all this internet
stuff again which is nice otherwise it's
really easy to get overwhelmed by life
because I mean I was I was talking about
it the other day and you know someone
was just like you got you are kind of in
a crazy place your company just got
acquired you have all these new
responsibilities all these new meetings
you're traveling a lot more you have to
keep up the channels you just launched a
new channel you went and handled your
father's stuff you're having a baby
I'm also buying a house it's why I'm
here at 4:30 in the morning on a
Wednesday because you got to get shit
done you got to look at challenges not
as these things that overwhelm you but
as
things that you have to overcome smite
that dragon don't let it burn your
village and I find it very interesting
that I have the most on my plate that I
ever have but I'm the happiest that I've
ever been and there will be ups and
downs but I'm glad I got the people
around me that I do it I'm glad I got
you guys cheese cheese cheese balls okay
I'll talk to you later bye
