sup nation it is Tuesday morning it's a
little early but it's a second day back
and very happy to be back I'm gonna
switch hand to bla really rapidly it's
my second day back and it feels very
good to sleep in my own bed I was in
Florida for two weeks I got I got to
travel here again in like the next week
or so
but some exciting stuff we announced a
little baby DeFranco to you guys
tomorrow we might be able to let you
know because we'll just also find out if
it's going to be a boy or a girl I'm a
big believer in you know science and
technology have advanced so that I could
potentially know so I want to know I
don't wanna I don't need to hit a pinata
and blue and put pink or whatever comes
out that's me
the other big thing was my dad had a
kidney transplant and I was in Florida
for two weeks now is that was a crazy
ordeal but a big thing from being in
Florida and from sharing that experience
because Papa DeFranco wanted me to was a
lot of people wanted to see the donor
James who is this guy that is giving
your dad a kidney and so I talked to him
and he was like I love I'd love to yeah
talk to you on camera
maybe we can you know you know some
people be like oh so that's the guy but
you know maybe one person will be like
oh my god that's amazing and become a
living donor themselves so I talked to
him for a bit I filmed some stuff and
here is that and with that said I love
your faces
James I love you for doing this and we
at right now we're in the six month mend
whether the kidney will take and be
healthy is really all about the next
three to six months so in my head
regardless of how it goes obviously I'm
rooting for the kidney to 100% work at a
hundred percent function but I don't
know in my mind James a hero either way
my name is James I never really thought
of myself as super selfless but I don't
know I just I really wanted to do
something that would matter to someone
something to help someone in a way that
it would be like not like
earth-shattering for them but like
really important you know not just like
helping someone across the street or
helping someone pay a bill or something
like that but to like really really help
someone in a way that's going to be
meaningful for you know for a large
portion of their life something that you
know I don't I mean kind of sounds
selfish with something like they're
gonna remember you for I'm 32 years old
I currently live in Idaho with my family
I got out of the military just recently
this last year I was in the Army for
just over four years I was an
infantryman
basically I don't have much of a deal I
love electronics I love the Internet
I served all together with both of my
tours to the military just over nine
years of active duty and ended up being
great like I had some of the best times
in my life I was able to see a lot of
the world you know I've been to Africa
Japan Afghanistan wasn't that great you
know not a place you want to really
sightsee but you know good favorite
place I really really liked Australia
Australia was badass and just we were
only there and I didn't really get to go
on shore but for one day to go to the
beach because we were only there to pick
up parts and stuff but I really loved
just the city like you got I got to see
that Opera House I think it is the
sailboat it looks like sort of like a
sailboat it's flowing that was awesome
this seems really interesting because
I've always I've always thought of
people that that enlisted that that did
that as pretty selfless but and in don't
know it sounds like even you with that
you don't think it's almost like you've
got something I know it's just hard to
think of it it's just hard to think of
myself is selfless I don't know like it
may be easy for other people to think
about it that way but like like it's not
just some way I hold myself I try not to
be like to in to myself or to like
patting myself on the back for stuff you
know what I mean like no and I think
that's it's a game to humble and that's
why I mean meeting you before and after
I'm still I'm still like in a sense of
like shock hmm and I don't know it just
it boggles my mind that the person that
has provided the most in this situation
I feel like sometimes is like the least
understanding of how amazing it is yeah
I may be more amazing its huh because
when you say selfless like there's even
maybe a play on words because you
literally took part or so and gave it to
someone that you previously did not know
I know that you met my my dad before the
surgery and and you know you're you've
gotten to know him a little bit come on
no no I just I think you need to
understand how amazing it's like what
you did not even not get my dad right
because that is amazing to me yes I
think in general just you doing that a
person doing that for someone else
that's to me that's almost even more
amazing than someone doing something for
someone they know because you have no
vested interest right it's literally
just a good thing that exists because
solely because of you yeah like I want
that I want you to realize like how big
of a deal that is not just for me and my
dad but like just humanity and people
well I hope that this can cause more
people especially people of the nation
to realize that they can't help other
people in very extreme ways like you
said just by doing something it was I
wouldn't say it was easy on my part
because there were some definite
hardships that I went through but it was
nothing life-threatening it wasn't easy
but like afterwards it was definitely
worth it
like you the feeling that you actually
accomplished something that was worth
accomplishing you know and like just for
me personally because like I lost my
father when I was in my mid-20s not too
far from your age and it like it struck
me really hard like it was an
life-altering thing as I'm sure like
anyone who has a good relationship with
their parents can attest to losing that
parent how horrible it would be and how
much it affects them on an everyday
basis so like just that's part of the
reason why like I picked your father and
like it's
when I first thought about it I thought
about it just being a totally anonymous
where I don't know who it is and stuff
like that and then I thought no I really
want to get to know this person I want
to make sure that I don't like I don't
know if it sounds selfish if he say like
they're worth it they're worthy of
getting you know like they're not just
gonna waste it well you know yeah my
dad's like freaking gallons of liquid
and like smoking a million cigarettes
and yeah I'm kicking puppies pretty much
but he struck me as a really decent guy
and I really got the feeling especially
like not just through the his reactions
with you in the few videos that I've
seen with you in him but definitely like
listening to him with his daughter on
their morning radio show and how close
they are and it's just like giving him
the opportunity to have the relationship
with her that I have with my father
giving him the opportunity to be able to
see you get married to Lindsay have a
child but you know see his grandchildren
grow up a little bit before he himself
succumbs to health problems that was
more what drove me to say yeah this is
what I'm going to do because like I
didn't have the opportunity to like do
stuff like that with my own father like
to mate like you're going to go farther
now that I was able to because my father
died in my mid-twenties work now is you
hopefully your father will continue on
with you and you'll be able to do
whatever you want for decades to come
that that's more the reason why I did it
you know like you shouldn't have to go
through what I went through if you don't
have to that's what is also amazing
about it that and hopefully that through
this that it doesn't interact has helped
one person and in we we talked about it
with with Lee and her heart transplant
and other donors in the past like
someone's actions can actually go past
that one that someone actually watching
this right could they could potentially
be a living donor for something or even
if it's the smallest of changes of
change just adding that little thing
that says on your driver's license to
make yourself a donor
do you think that if you didn't have
that that experience with your father
growing up that it would affected this
decision if it what then maybe wasn't
even on your plate I don't know um cuz I
used to be very different I used to be
very like leave my organs alone you know
like I don't want to be an organ donor
kind of thing I I don't know like my
dad's death changed me quite a bit like
it made me look at things a whole
different way uh yeah I think if my dad
had died I would be looking at this
whole situate our if he hadn't died I'd
be looking at the whole thing a little
differently you know I I can't say for
sure I wouldn't do it but it would
definitely be a Harvard decision is that
very interesting like something to or
something yeah mm-hmm yeah well
hopefully like I just said I hope more
people even in the nation or anywhere
else that are watching this can realize
that like you can help people
significantly and yeah it's gonna cost
you like for me it cost me a kidney but
I have another perfectly healthy kidney
I'm good with that it works for me and
you're gonna get your dad for hopefully
thirty forty more years if he messes
with the good so to keep saying yeah
take care of it I don't know I don't
want to be so cliche as to call it a pay
it forward kind of thing but yeah it's
sort of like that like you know you
don't have to do much like you don't
even have to go to the extreme that I
did like I can see how it's kind of
going to the extreme for what I did but
it's exactly what I wanted to do it's
what made me feel like I needed to do -
I don't know Center myself more yeah I
don't know it's it's kind of hard to
explain
even when I'm watching youtube I always
think like I wish people would be better
to each other I don't know and maybe
this would be a way of helping people to
do that I'm not sure maybe it won't do
anything at all you know but if it even
helps even one person that's awesome
