sup nation uh welcome back to the second
channel where I'm talking about words
and stuff also this is a blonde girl I
met she's Lindsay she's my fiancee
sometimes and today she loves doing that
and yeah I guess we made this video to
make a slight kind of sort of
announcement that what you don't want to
say the baby she's a crazy person it was
not an accident time to say that first
we have deserted disclaimer because one
day the child will see it and we don't
want them to know the truth you are not
an accident that's true we uh we were we
pulled the goalie a year ago yeah we
pulled the goalie a year ago so also we
have to say that we found out about this
after we were engaged yes I would
consider like what they have to know
that you guys have this is cuz I don't
want yeah but I was by about a week
which is kind of scary because it's like
all the big stuff right has been
happening right so we had I mean even
just not even just for a relationship we
had the big company stuff then we had my
dad's transplant me proposing to you a
house like hunting which is crazy and
how this which is it's all real life
happening in the past three months so
yeah but exciting and we're gonna wait
to have the wedding till after the baby
yeah cuz you 2013 well yes well so she
says cuz it's 2013 you literally said
cuz I want to drink at my wedding I want
to drink at my wedding and I want to
have a bangin body at my wedding huh I'm
damages understand all those things
probably sometime in early 2015 good
exactly oh the baby's due in April yeah
that'll be nice this video is all over
no it's not it's called a baby the
specifically baby oriented so in this
video is posted I'll be about twelve and
a half weeks pregnant yeah and here is
an updated ultrasound picture first yeah
we're gonna find out what it is as well
what is it's either a baby or a bob
it's one of us we're gonna find out if
it's a boy or girl as soon as we can
hoping like 16 weeks oh I thought you're
gonna say hoping a boy and I like that
you should not supposed to say it
no we're hoping to find out at 16 weeks
but we have a 3d ultrasound a few weeks
before that so we might find out soon so
right now we're looking at mid April
yeah it was very interesting also like
who to tell at what time yeah cuz you're
not supposed to and it's all been it's
been a learning experience I don't know
I'm excited though cuz it feels like
like I've done a good amount of stuff in
my life and you've traveled a good
amount but I feel like this is like the
first bit of real stuff
no no really that's really it we just
want to make this update slash
announcement / yay part of the
Internet's gonna get to judge everything
we ever do for the rest of our lives
even more so than they currently do
that's the big video phases we'll see
you soon I still have your own things a
little bit um but I'm very terrified to
see what happens to your vagina I'd like
that you did enjoy this I'm just like
we're doing things
