this is my little normal this became my
little house just some all the room is
yeah so uh so thoughts with this will
very likely being your last dialysis
treatment it's putting from two years
into sick and yields news but then we
drop life becomes a standstill become
the survival of that thing and II can't
go forward you end up losing so it's
just basically live to clean yourself
everything has its challenges but I'd
rather that challenge then this whole
this ancient this isn't in the challenge
to get deal with it yeah over it but to
live life like that it's really rough
really stuck in this and that's why I
think I was saying what I wanted to do
even if I could get five ultra see
people forwarded by people that's five
people's life they're changed immensely
I know
it's amazing needle
they're all one-inch and this is a 15
a little piece of soldering light oh man
the poor Frenchy is making my nose look
it's nothing there no look at this you
see this oh this baby boy you get sleep
tonight
smiles any day so last time we talked
yeah you just even like sneeze and
snapping pictures of that he's like this
is the best picture ever that's the last
time we talked on camera we talked about
your last dialysis treatment and you
kind of I think if we watch a video you
probably look like you don't even
believe it that it was the last one
thing then you have a bag then and it's
putting out fluid yeah but that's it man
we're on uh let's see so you had the
other surgery Thursday today's Saturday
right doing crazy better already
yeah aimin for a week to get out of here
buddy that we can't see over here not
your hands your kidney I get you so
proud so proud I know that's good though
you should fuck that hmm
you're gonna mind so Papa DeFranco had
asked me to film a lot of the stuff he's
doing well right now he's still in the
hospital as of right now which is Monday
they're hoping that he might actually
even be able to get out early this week
the the surgery went perfectly
there was an 18 hour period after
surgery that he was an immense amount of
pain because they were not medicating
him properly because he's already on a
lot of pain meds I don't know it seemed
like there might have been something
wrong with the paperwork it was it was
kind of a nightmarish 18 hours but I
don't know just in general we're just
we're just happy that right now it seems
like it is a perfectly functioning
kidney
I might film something later this week
with the other guy that donated James it
was just amazing to me just a I don't
know selfless doesn't really even go to
describe it and I'm still somewhat in
awe and shock that this is reality and
yeah I don't know I I told my dad
originally that I didn't want to film or
share or do any of this because it is so
personal and when people say negative
things about my family it's completely
different than if they say it about me
because it's it's something that
actually bothers me and yeah and I don't
even even in the video where my dad
QA it was only like 1% people but 1% of
people randomly coming out and like
calling us assholes because we're taking
advantage of our situation in life and
I'm like man you don't even realize like
my dad wants to take this awesome
situation and see how we can possibly
turn it into getting he says altruistic
donors a selfless donors people that
donate to people that they don't know
and and seeing if we can do something I
know it's just it just sucks cuz people
are inherently negative and my main
thing is right now I'm walking out with
a dad that is a lot healthier and I'm
very fortunate and he's very fortunate
and very lucky and just thankful for
everything to that point I do want to
mention a side thing but to the random
people who have been finding my dad in
the hospital to the random people that
walked into my father's a hospital room
don't please do that ever now I've had
to I won't go into the details but there
is there is a line that I think most
people know is there and I don't want it
to take over this video because what I
really wanted to be about is it's just
helping people that said I just try not
to fill up the Franco show I'm gonna
upload this video right now and then I'm
gonna go hang out with Papa D at the
hospital I love your faces and be on the
lookout for video tomorrow because I
might be saying some words that might be
special and/or important
