and you're out and high nation I'm
transferred to the Cypress I don't
figure gonna distract yourself did I get
well no no okay
do you get distracted by yourself you
like sometimes it's like a like just a
lot
I feel bad that people have to edit this
hi guys reading this is that your great
Maddy Maddy do you really have to do
this every day
this actually helped me plea while we're
doing this we're doesn't get the intros
and then we'll make a hole you'll slowly
give me another don't know if you want
to trust the hair flip should I put like
winning to that's awesome so Lindsay's
taking me to uh to the beach to have a
picnic she won't tell me what we're
eating but we'll see do I get to eat
with my fingers yes yes dude if you guys
only know know if it was like socially
acceptable Phil would never use utensils
ever dude i okay here's the deal there's
something there's something about it's
gonna be too close to my face there's
something about taking something and
what their juices and the texture and
the they maybe it's because I'm the
caveman part of my brains like feed self
oh my god is so bright if wouldn't
bother me if you weren't
messy about it like you'll eat with your
fingers and not like your fingers off
and then grab the remote control no yes
you do do that so that later yes you do
so then later when I go to grab the
remote control it's all greasy you do do
that or you'll going you'll like eat
with your fingers and then grab it
another utensil and then when I'm washed
and I'm like why is the whole handle of
this fork greasy I don't understand so
that's the only reason of others name if
you use napkins oh and ER I promise I'm
gonna leave you over this Wow we got
some underlying issues there that's it
those the final straw that was the final
straw let us go hmm we just had a
gourmet dinner
that's all I got I got a little bit
and two already perfect I might look
like sweet guys what's up my name's
Ricky oh hello bring it in Ricky what's
what's up BTS am I in this shot Ricky
because I really need to be there it's
all you that we should have on our
podcast that here's a little scoop we're
launching a podcast this is oh this is
this is an announcer to the world
okay right now on this unless it is the
cutting room just just for you
personally probably um this I think is
in V for sports with BTS and also my
blog which I just brought back which I
was like people still interested in then
apparently the worst yes it's like well
breaking news that no one probably cares
about we're starting an audio-only
podcast yes that's the thing to do these
days yes but we're only gonna start it
if you can be a guest you don't have to
be the first the only reason I don't
know how many people are you gonna say
that to if I'm like no I'm a douchebag
I've got good grip yes of course I'm
gonna be on in 24 years of marriage
experience between the two of us wait so
it is uneven twelve twelve right got 25
13 and 12 Wow well how old do you guys
30 I'll be 36 and 35 next next month man
yeah I hope at some point I can grow
facial hair
I've already aging tiberias I need to be
able to plug it hide it and also I'm 27
26 drew it's a nothing I just got a
couple it's always hi mom hi dad I'm
sorry I just like people I thought like
everyone was gonna be skittish about it
do you remember when I was in her
box one day and I came back as vibrator
that's right I don't know
well that's the thing is half the stuff
from half the stuff in the box
disappeared five minutes into it no I
mean that's beautiful but what does this
do every year I heard of a state I don't
know I don't know is penny hard yeah
it's like phase three you don't jump in
this jumping in the demon yeah they're
like uh maybe a little tame the only
thing I took I was like Oh massage oils
Lindsay might like a massage
whatever yeah Shawn it is Thursday I
just filmed the PDS out that's being
edited I got a few more things to do
today but I want to I want to snatch a
few minutes to say hey I love your face
I'm glad that you guys have enjoyed me
doing the vlogs again and saying hey and
sharing random snippets of my life and
me cataloging them and me saying words
and maybe they ring true to you or you
find them stupid and you get to make fun
of me in the dark I don't care it's all
good I love you though I want to say
that I have been pretty busy I'm excited
to go to a wedding which is not
something I would normally say I'm going
to Atlanta Lindsay has a family friend
or family I don't even know really that
is having a wedding and i'ma go and it's
got to be it's gonna be interesting
because whenever I meet someone that I
have no groundwork in and I mean that in
most of the people I end up talking to
uh fall into categories one there in the
entertainment industry YouTube ad blah
blah blah blah blah we have that in
common or I mean people from the nation
and people that have watched me or like
know my stuff and we have that
groundwork and it's I mean when I say
like it feels like a family it's because
when people start talking to me we it's
almost like the continuation of a
conversation that I couldn't hear you
like that's that's kind of what it is
and what's rough though is that when I
meet just people out in the wild like
you know just a something stupid or
witty or somewhere in between someone be
like oh and we'll strike
conversation and that's just something
that's cool but what happens at events
and gatherings of people that are not
YouTube or nation affiliated is that
someone will think how can I introduce
this person now and in the past a lot of
people have not introduced me as he
makes youtube videos without like there
being a kind of a squint in someone's
eyes like oh so he fucks around on the
internet and then he's just a loser like
that so what they'll do is they'll try
and think of one of two things to
introduce me as and you know for a
little bit it was oh he hosted a thing
on Shark Week and it was like oh that's
something I can kind of talk about but
what happens more often than not is Oh
Phil covers politics and he went to the
RNC DNC and he did the presidential blah
blah blah and I'm like no the first
thing we're gonna talk about is politics
no how about how about let's like let
your wife blow me in front of you that
way I mean you know either way you're
gonna be angry and dislike me in 20
minutes one of us should get something
out of this also to Lindsay I would not
let a married woman blow I wouldn't let
anyone blow me unless it was evil you
from a bizarro universe in which case I
imagine she is also skilled I'm just
thinking of Lindsay's parents watching
these this is a terrible by nation if I
was to leave you with a notion that did
not involve my penis I would think that
today it should be surround yourself
with people that you respect you look up
to you are jealous of some of their
attributes and surround yourself with as
many of those people as possible it will
eventually seep into you or they will
murder you and eat you as the individual
who is not worthy that you are I was
going to say an adequate but I'm really
bad with words and then I forgot it
don't get eaten love your faces
