that's it I hope you enjoyed the
mind-bending facts of Doctor Who
Oh
hey Steve hey Steve I'm gonna film you
okay okay okay so now I need you if you
could just be sure of my leg sure I can
regulate don't actually don't don't look
uh yeah that's mean fake dude Maggie
like the movie if we so Meg Turney yes
the people the people of the internet
want to know what was it like for Joe
Dubrow Baretta to squeeze your booty so
prevalent in the video I was to the side
nose like I'm pretty sure he went inside
yeah a lot of people they are Joe Bereta
they were like cool jubal writers so
disrespectful and I might swing that's
how you know men like you as they grab
your ass it's true in the workplace I'm
sending this straight to HR right now
what I was like that is not true I love
you like a cheese and joking stops
immediately no more joking
bori bori bori bori bori yeah yeah yeah
bori bori bori bori bori bori bori bori
bori it's pretty much a Lear ugly much I
went on like the Alpine Slide
so girl Park City Olympic Park about
watching freestyle skiing show a Seabee
take the show and make a stupid thing
exhibitions oh yeah that's better
mock okay tonight this is Kendall
Johnson whoo
over water he's a PhD in planetary
science jokes on the weekend now this is
Matt Janaki
no no no and ruined forever
shit just being a mountain woman five
four three two one
you say that's bullshit I'm coming I'm
coming
they're not like my ankle yeah I was
like she's not stopping I thought you're
gonna what I couldn't stop oh all right
next to the Alpine Coaster and there's
this one boy look oh where is he he's
gone far away all areas ah what he's
actually having a panic attack
we're making fun still worth it Zoe
still worth it
nation I found I found one of our own
Tim and his four-year-old son Keegan
we're gonna we're gonna go on the slides
and we just been talking about you
judging you all of you together the
serious business
Oh nation it is Monday and I thought I'd
post this vlog because I had a bunch of
stuff on my iPhone and a bunch of stuff
on my GoPro and I was like I should put
it out not not to just it's weird right
vlogging to me is this very odd thing
because the content is you it's your
life like I mean as an entertainer you
could argue that you audio content do
audio blah blah blah what I mean is it's
literally your content is entertainment
but then I thought like the reason that
I liked vlogs in general and why I still
like some of my vlogs I can go back and
be like I remember that I remember when
we did that that was so cool and
essentially not having to have a million
terabytes of stuff just lying around and
it's there it's easily accessible and
you got to share it and it reminds me of
when I thought like I was not going to
to continue you know trying to work with
people online this before SourceFed and
I was just going to go solo and just
like looking through even just some of
this footage like a lot of this wouldn't
be possible a lot of the I don't know
just like just being together with the
crew and singing and doing something fun
it's it's special I mean being
successful I think on your own is cool
but being successful with the people
that you kind of learn to love because
you don't just love them but you learn
to love it's awesome it's so awesome and
then getting to share it with even more
awesome people and it just reminds me of
why I initially liked vlogging but
something I do want to go brother than
just being oh like buttery and oh how
you doing um something I was thinking
about actually a lot of it was on the
hike with Lindsay what we went to Utah
and we were like this will be fun
and you what happens is like you talk a
lot but then you get to a certain part
in the hike where you're just in your
own head and I love that like it's it's
when I enjoy driving la will kill you as
far as loving driving but when you would
go on like a seven hour drive like cross
country cross state whatever you get in
your own head and it can sometimes it
can be a really good place if you're if
you're somewhere positive and it was the
difference of chain
but Stu ends I was talking about this
with Ross and it's this very interesting
thing I tried to say it on Twitter this
morning went over a lot of people's
heads because it's impossible to try and
convey a concept kind of like this and
in 140 characters and it's not changing
all the butts there are some good butts
but there are some nasty butts a good
butt is I'm sorry I'm late but I got you
a cake and a jet ski best whatever but
nasty but is I did bad in school and I
want to study but I don't have the time
I want to work out not be a fat piece of
shit but I don't have the time it's
completely different when I'm saying i
philip defranco want to not be fat I
want to work out and I don't have the
time the difference there is when I put
an end in there it sounds like I'm
trying to come up with a solution when I
have a button there it's a Shakespearean
tragedy everyone is going to die and it
is over but it doesn't have to be that's
a positive but that's a good but that's
a fucker how did I blank on there's so
many people with good booties how did I
play anyway that's what I want you to do
if you are in a negative space replace
your nasty butts with ends now I know
some of you are going to just do it
improperly to be assholes and make me
frustrated in the comments I love you
still I still love you but it is it's
it's an interesting way that if you can
make yourself do it it's such a
different way to look at life because
there's so many possibilities it may not
be all amazing rainbows and jet skis I
want to say jet ski a million times but
it is so much different and it is so
much better and why not
so I just want you to think about that
if you do it great if you don't that's
fine too main point I love yo faces and
I'll see you soon if you haven't check
out the PDS today also I was on a bunch
of other shit links that down below
