hey lens Hey come in fund it
you know you know how I do so how do you
think how do you guys think you're gonna
do tonight terribly terribly well we
pumped up I'm gonna go out on the fries
and I'm gonna try and say words I'm
gonna have a stroke on the stage windows
start bleeding people are gonna think
it's a bit and no one's gonna follow
these and I'm going to die on stage yeah
that'd be pretty cool cuz like think of
the hits we'd get that big yeah what
about you Steve I'm stoked man I think
is this like natural energy that I get
when there's like a live crowd that is
kind of like very different from the
energy I get from just I feel like
you're actually better live right now I
feel more confident I kind of suck on I
know our I know I think I just didn't
feel like it's this kind of like room
energy type thing that kind of like goes
into my heart so holy it's like we have
friends to play with like we're you so
you talk like right now we are actually
talking to Phil's hands bills Handa this
is Phil tan Oh awesome
you were actually really cool gonna
bitch Phil's hand almost see you in the
background later no no all right
okay yeah this is how commencement
speaker you you entered here four years
ago freshmen who knew nothing of the
world
yesterday's you become actual human
beings who will not be able to find a
job in this current economic climate we
grant you this piece of paper that you
spent $60,000 on it is officially worth
five cents the price we paid to get it
made at the Kinkos boo boo nizzles move
your tassels
the house okay sir what's up girl
just watching my brother
I'm back in my room and no one's knocked
on the door for 40 seconds so like maybe
it'll go for five minutes and I can talk
to a camera hey I'm back home I'm not in
Arizona that's what that footage was
before I proposed to my girlfriend now
fiancee Lindsay and then you weren't you
already seen the video what am I talking
about you Barry this is the secondary
channel this is the afterthought channel
I'm in my not set up new office thing my
jig and yeah I this is this is the first
moment I've had free since 6:00 a.m. and
it's 1:00 p.m. so hey what's up how you
doing do you want to wanna hang out you
want play a little play a little Saints
Row 4 I won't play a little uh
XCOM be classified me too but that's
probably not gonna happen today and I
really want it to but oh well that's
what happens when you say I'm gonna
launch four channels in a year and also
run everything we were previously doing
what I will say with post engagement
life is everything's pretty much the
same I mean it's kind of it's like a
generally happier feel that's not gone
which is really really nice but also
Lindsay farts in front of me now which
is I'm okay with it I'm still like
that's fine that's fine I just found out
that she farts worse than me so I just
got it I gotta give her props for
holding it in for six years I don't even
that just gives you ABS I think at one
point it's just like just market-town
alternation I saw this video the other
day of this girl saying that she was sad
because of her Facebook feed like all
the stuff that is awesome that her
friends are doing and people she follows
is doing here's the deal for the most
part it's kind of a two-pronged thing
one people mainly only share like the
cool shit on Facebook or the terrible
terrible shit but mainly just the
extremes like on Twitter I definitely
see more negative definitely more
negative Facebook it's like oh this
awesome thing happened let me share it
with my friends as like part of a
sharing experience or as part of like
the one-upmanship that you constantly
see with some of those friends but to
bigger part of this question you cannot
base your happiness on other people's
lives you can't
you know why cuz you'll never be happy
there's always someone that has more
you know those rich kids Instagram
they're always like on fucking
Gulfstream's and like tying $50,000 to a
balloon letting it float off and then
going like find it yeah so like you
someone will always have more than you
and I'm not going to be the guy that
says money doesn't buy happiness guess
what money buys food money buys shelter
money by security money buys jet skis
most importantly most importantly other
than the food and shelter and all the
previous stuff and you just gotta you
gotta feel it out for you I know what
it's like
I definitely I'm not like crazy crazy
crazy successful like I'm pretty
successful and I've been on the other
extreme of like ramen noodles if I could
afford it / like finding textbooks in
school that like we're lost in like
selling them for money to survive like
what I will say I've been I've been
depressed and I've been happy in both
scenarios definitely different
situations but happiness it's really it
comes from here after the basic
necessities so you got to just think
about you what makes you happy I'm in
there I've been there before
like it's like a Friday night I feel
lame because I'm completely completely
completely content just laying under the
covers and watching Netflix and then I
see like a Facebook post it's like crazy
Friday I'm like man I'm not taking part
in that thing that I'm actually not that
interested in so that's that's what I
would say if you want to be happy you
gotta you got to look to yourself first
oh it's not that simple but it's a big
big percentage of it but that's it I
love your faces I like that we're
talking again I love you I'm not gonna
kiss you this time because I was weird
but I am gonna let you kiss me hmm
weirdo
