yeah fucking hate sweet piggies right
sweet pickles better yo hey well what up
how you doing day so good yeah are you
what what time is it all the times right
now let the people know what time it is
ah it's pre PDS Street what time is this
who BPD bps okay to my little before PDS
okay so it's like what in human terms
what would that be I start calling at 9
o'clock okay what are you talking about
today no God I don't know more
soul-crushing stuff I gotta find a happy
story in there there's one out there
somewhere see those Sylvester Stallone
accusations and you're like goddamnit
sly
hopefully that's aa god there's a bunch
of stuff going on oh happy stuff in the
world we see more happy stuff Phil one
day one day anyone you have to be the
Creator stop - happy yeah that's cool
what would something happy that you
create Phil and I put in a bubble right
here I put on a bubble yeah we're gonna
fuck around the day cool I mean hang out
we're gonna make some great content what
we do alright great see if if these
vlogs are just reasons for termination
why is the only attempt though he's
gonna be sick are we paying them this is
getting creepy is it did you find them
at the partners did they charge you for
it yes you can eat them in one bite
that's rude
someone has to you man come on you guys
let him rot do not set this up for this
to be that kind of video because I have
already cried just at how cute he is
wait so we to let them rot and die
slowly
but I mean you know right when I started
riding I want something to put me in my
misery
why do you beg googly so when I stick on
random objects in the office okay now
he's real oh yeah here's my problem I
guess we'll have like a little ceremony
for him when he dies right sorry disturb
us one oh fuck y'all doing our
livestream cool great who's gonna be on
it oh okay great well I can't wait for
the Q&A I'm looking really forward - we
are - great happy I'm happy that I'm
back great this is great
could be out of fucking Beach right now
don't have a blast because you just got
back in your honeymoon and is it worth
sex just you can eat these yeah candy
that's candy okay yeah
I know I gave you a pocket full of
googly eyes and I don't trust you so
where are they pretty good there is the
next two minutes better it didn't make
it better
tell Joe to stop messing this stuff man
keep going I just my stuff when I cut
just for you Jane Missy
thanks Joe it came to life I hate they
look like a lot cuter down
I shouldn't giving you something sure
just give me two and you said like a
Vatican not like here's a pocket Phil
let's give me something to cut this in
Punjab sweet I said yes but I said they
were salty give me a dirty look pickles
no pickles can be sweet - you ever heard
of like rainbows fucking hate sweet
pickles right sweet pickles better
yellow that's a pit bull it's salty
little sour not that sweet shit is that
yours do we have them in the office why
don't you get some for the office those
are sweet pickles yeah yeah yeah these
fucking stings right here yeah oh we do
butter pickles it smells like fucking
like honey we should just throw them out
they've been in there for a month
no one's gonna eat those yeah I feel bad
maybe I shouldn't oh really
won't see a bunch we'll keep them okay
we're gonna keep them okay
you're alive already and my hair look
like that yeah it looks like stupid on
your phone this sucks
Wow got right in there well this is fun
thanks Brianna this reminded of the
government watching you through the
Apple I did not save that like that I
know right take a screenshot of your
work it doesn't work like that that's on
the outside of the screen your
screenshots great what you do see that
mug there is that going to somebody
okay look check this out I have a great
idea whoever gets this mug is very
extra-special so this person got the
special one with the eyeballs cannon or
a cannon were they from cannon for
Montana very good looked at me and then
what was the look it gave you a serious
look at what it said I say I think you
need to make like flyers we have a
missing person I'm stressed he's so
close to death like he can't thing
missing for too long baby up where's
Keith maybe you fell over into the
trashcan never check the freezer because
everyone's talking about freezing baby
Apple I can't we're just gonna like
where is it maybe someone Panem has a
small snack oh my god what's the point
like just stop sometimes if you were a
baby Apple where would you live in
mobility this is the last picture I took
of him this is all I ask y'all took the
one thing that gave me happiness looks
like dead yeah but doesn't have much
time left even gonna put the eyes on
them it's really important that he's
returned because he doesn't have much
time
that took me out yes and I'm gonna
escape a cat it's more like a ransom
it's more like a ransom but I don't want
anything from it except just to watch
the apples do we have like one of those
boys transformers we should call her on
the phone
so I gotta go to the medic cap then the
lobby researchers room
have you noticed over here don't even
open your mouth
no what is this it's a clue an apple a
day keeps the doctor away and then
there's a cross I don't know how that's
related was that the clue oh shit doctor
there's another clue was this a damn
this lighting is good which is in the
lobby movie James midget here we go
you know what that means I'm gonna know
what it means what are the researchers
do please don't flush feminine products
drinks for your first group your first
clue start to the second clue is it
rhymes with Zach their clue has a dog
named Becker pasta usually refrigerators
or maybe the small refreshing I suppose
it's time to shelve this joke every room
in this office has a shelf that has a
really nice I'm putting in my two-weeks
he's actually good set piece you look
great there's a lot of work with this
family family family portrait
water and we're back bill feels like
nothing's changed I mean almost every
single thing is still in place how weird
yeah but I'm meticulous it's not because
you shot this back-to-back of course I
would never do that Phil it would be
funny if just a bottle of this was
dropped yeah yeah Phil so what do you
think about baby Apple Phil I talked
about this on the defranco elite
livestream like Hillary's happiness
doesn't make sense to me
no one should really be that happy
because of an apple of a smaller size
what makes me happy I just want to know
how it tastes yes no I want to know how
you can get that happy that that easily
outside of big moments like my son's my
marriage
I don't know where to get full on
anymore because when I do good
I don't even embrace it anymore I'm like
who didn't fuck up again
horrible mindset well we need to find
you're happy here honey if I'm happy
maybe I'd get complacent oh that's the
thing I is never giving me shit in this
world so the struggle is real you need
the struggle and I eat it alright man
well cool I'll see you later Phil bye
bye can I add something to that
well dr. boss what we're doing here that
looks great
Phil's gonna love it you know how I know
that I've made good decisions and hiring
people when I see everything that's
happened with baby apple and googly eyes
yeah but we haven't even finished yet
with yeah it's only just begun
