well since you won't answer you gotta be
entertaining be entertaining hey what's
up do you want don't play you won't play
chess can you play chess oh my god we
don't have to play chess it's okay it's
okay do you want play ball okay oh I
love how you're amused he's a bitch I'll
call you
fragile coverage the question to you is
why you love me
oh that's a question ask myself a
question every day oh why do I do this
why am i doing this to myself
good so bad wake up and I cry mmm some
of you guys have seen that we were like
changing a lot of what the office is and
so I guess I want to show you kind of
where we are everything's in shambles
I'd like to say that my room was this
messy because it's going to be changed
while well while we're away at Arizona
doing the live show but I'm just a messy
person right now but yeah my office is
going to be moving and we're gonna we're
gonna walk around right here we have
SourceFed editors and Maddy and more
people and then Danny who hates being on
camera but you look so pretty today oh
and then there's Ross who has his no
it's tough because he had gluten yeah
hey kids don't eat glue
this is probably bit way because I come
every single time I'm like don't eat
gluten because you're just going to be a
sniveling drippy mess the next day and
he's like it's going to be fine and then
he mouth leads in the corner I said wait
so are you saying it's worth it because
this is like public shaming oh your rock
bottom involves a Kalu ting that's
actually a great rock bottom there could
be far far worse rock bottom
so this is where we used to shoot
SourceFed nerd and then I like the movie
club stuff like that this is gonna be my
new office
well we'll find our way around here soon
we have these big new standouts
don't worry actually now since you since
you looked I have to point that yeah
that's Christy she's making sure that
all your FHP staff gets to you and/or a
Steph right is that it
client pants okay so never mind she's
paying the awesome people that make the
awesome stuff that you buy yeah this is
a two side thingamajig right we got that
for a for vidcom but then we were like
well we just use it that's what we have
here
nerd set has been moved it's almost
fully setup and we have the comment calm
I believe table talks gonna happen over
here it's just making a big area mm-hmm
yellow so this is gonna be where our
editors are because we're going to
change everything shoot directed drive
and then that's the SourceFed set right
there and then we'll go quickiy this is
where we currently shoot table talk
host this truck look over on the hello
so some of this is going to be for the
new editors this I believe is actually
like a green room since we're finally
going to have an entrance and not just a
random warehouse this is going to be the
big lunch area shooting room over here
alright so we're figuring that out then
right now we have one of the new nerd
sets there they're currently filming
rude then it all goes around to where
Maddie's going to be editing and then my
office so I have to be right in the
center then this is Christy's actual
office
hello
oh yeah hello oh right right I love it
though
many
it's all part of expanding I mean when I
first showed you the place it was like
that so big and then it became not so
big this is actually a big part of us
expanding is that we know we have
SourceFed SourceFed nerd we have my show
which doesn't take up that much room
we're going to start doing more stuff
with gaming but then aside from that our
new goal is to launch a new channel
every three months starting in October
which is gonna be the first one which I
think you guys going to really really
like it's going to be really fun
creative and yeah just awesomeness but
there's that and I think that's it for
this one I have to go start packing
because I'm about to see 600 plus of
your lovely faces in about 24 hours in
Arizona and if that goes well which I
think it should Arizona's awesome last
time we went there was a was years ago
but the fucking people they were amazing
and yeah if it goes well then since we
sold out at this one we might you know
put up something where it's like we
offer like five possible locations in
the States because we want to do one
domestic before we definitely do London
do double in 2.0 Melbourne and then yeah
we'll see but I think right now we're
playing around with a few like San
Francisco Chicago New York Miami maybe
we haven't seen much demand the biggest
demand we've seen has always been
Chicago New York so maybe maybe I'm in
the middle of trying to convince our
buddy and friend of the show hoodie
Allen that if we do a show in New York
that as a as a please please please
favor would he he opened the show
because uh we all love them so much but
uh that's it
I am I'm gonna go back to work but I
like saying hi to you guys every now and
then it's fun reminds me of the old days
I don't know why I kissed you oh god
it's weird now it's weird I'm sorry I'm
sorry I'm sorry I just I felt it I felt
it I'd you didn't I'm sorry
