and last but not least mr. Philip
DeFranco
oh my right now very good thank you oh
my goodness I'm gonna take this off
because I can actually see all your
beautiful people
we're only gonna have like 30 people
here so yeah making me feel stupid about
that cool so uh you guys set a timer
we're 23 minutes about it and when okay
and then no Priya
can everyone see down my shorts take
some pictures bro yeah a checkered
panties let me know please is funny
we took some tweets from you guys so
we're gonna start off with one of these
and then we're gonna ask you guys
get those hands up if you have a topic
we're gonna start off with from CW one
to one from reddit what did you get
grounded for the most as a kid or teen
grounded grounded Oh
you're grounded I don't think grounded
exists in a Mexican household gonna say
they just got a belt and beat you with
it
I got grounded from TV for a year fuck
with this huge deal for me because all I
did was come home from school and watch
TV by myself that was my life as a kid
for showing Buffy the Vampire Slayer of
my fifth grade sleepover because it was
pg-13 and I wasn't seen yet that I know
it's a Christmas from TV for a year it
was horrible
getting both sides often I got in
trouble constantly because I have to
have the last word but it would be like
the shitty like you're my real dad now
groan about it I'm sure he loved it it
was like super relatable and then dark I
was always that kitten and I would like
to do the mumble thing too where she'd
say something should make you better not
I'm like mmmmmm I always get in trouble
for that showed them no it's awesome
clearly I had the last laugh not at all
yeah I was a shut-in child Maya I didn't
get like grounded for one week I guess
like normal kids or I guess a year I
don't have really any leg to say
understand baby
I went and I wasn't supposed to play
laser tag and I went and played laser
tag his laser tag is awesome when you're
still awesome with if there is a laser
tag team here and a place to go
SourceFed is actually pretty fantastic
yeah we've only gotten twice but yeah
but we've just brushed sports in your
old children that was a very specific
rule now filled no laser tagging you
know how this family feels good go
drinking you can watch all the porn you
want you can have drugs it's not a funny
reason it's just a weird reason Maya it
was right after 9/11 okay okay wait you
blamed me for going dark
bringing up mine so it's right after
9/11 and I go mom I want to play laser
tag and she's like no 9/11 and I'm like
terrorists love laser too apparently
next we are on red alert and recently a
bag and she's also the reason play my
playstation 2 because I was part of my
punishment opened it later and it was
broken Sony and or my mom it was part of
oh she broke the PlayStation pardon
yeah can we talk about the like the
error oh it went away there wasn't like
a little error well do you guys have any
questions that you'd like live table top
top we have a Darrin Terrace come on
exactly like that so wait
it was our question I like this hoodie
guy right there booty man booty boy
ain't friend Maddie it's Comic Con
everyone is oh why are you wearing a
hoodie it's like 90 degrees you have a
microphone in your hand but you're
shouting
I don't know it was like cold and there
was wind so I alright so in terms of
climate is concerned which is ironic
because talking about wind I'm do you
prefer extreme hot or extreme cold Oh
hold on a second let us fight about it
wait a minute hold on we live in Siberia
hold on our office is so called all the
time all the time oh one two three five
one extreme hot I just got back from
Japan where it was like a bazillion
degrees and I still loved it I would
never have wanted to go if it were like
a bazillion below zero yeah there's
nothing you can do you can't take off
all your clothes and then you're not
okay you can and fuck yeah but you can't
put it doesn't matter if it's if it's a
hundred and twelve degrees and you're
naked if it's below zero you just bundle
up you cuddle with your lover or you
start a fire in your home which is
perfectly safe but you're when you're
sweaty sweaty you can also cuddle with
your loved one
we've already established that you've
taken off your clothes because it's so
hot and now it's sweat this sounds like
a better scenario to me then okay we
have started so wait what happen so when
you are a home actually I want to know
this for my girlfriend as well 70 is it
better higher or lower so so when I say
higher you cheer for some reason we're
cheering for a heat yes
higher colder
you know why because you can always add
layers 24/7 in the off and on this so
cold that's adorable
space heaters in the shower cuz we walk
around with them around our waist should
we get to our location who are you
trying to impress in the office now my
nipples are erect
wait where's uh where's Maddie I think
he's been in the crowd I'm really sorry
Phil I do have to do something really
quick I have to make a personal apology
to you oh wow
I met you about three years ago outside
the Marriott at comic-con I'm that guy
that was drunk as fuck yes we have a
camera I have to meet you after that's
what I need to apologize to you remember
I geeked out on that message on Facebook
that was the most amazing moment of
comic-con I have ever had we were
outside yeah we were outside of the
Marriott yeah
wait you were there Edgar Loosli Philip
DeFranco what's happening right back
story please here's what I remember of
that night
now here's what I remember of that night
we were drunkenly stumbling in front of
the Marriott when I see a very very
drunk wait no it wasn't hole heavily I
was drunk as fuck but holding me up no
was it that you were Blanc up and so
he's just in all this pain and you were
the most excited person that has ever
been alive ever to meet you to meet me
at that moment and I was like this is
just I know you're look I love you
come back with um my apology so for
geeking out on Facebook so bad i I was
like oh my god like oh thank you for
sending me a message
Oh can't we put a knife and our friend
requested you were like and you just
stop the conversation there my apologies
for it yeah I know I literally thought
who's gonna be like sorry I punched your
girlfriend or something 2009 I know that
you didn't have this fan base for me
you've always been an a-lister type of
salerto cuz the hardcore fans you mean
so much to us back then it's the same
feeling as as meeting you again as I met
you then come on
Manny you got someone I don't know I
like I like you're sure you can just
yelling at us and we'll repeat it
can you just thing while we wait hey
what's your name that was good for the
guys it's Fritz for everybody but who
are your guy crushes of them other than
me um and for the girls
your girl crushes guy crushes I mean you
can't have that question without saying
Ryan Gosling like that you know think
you can like you know if you want to
Ryan Gosling who's a little nerdy er I
think I have a man crush on myself
I think lately I've been a cumber bitch
I like we went through together
oh yeah I think you've got pregnant
while you did it was very exciting for
you um Jennifer Lawrence take some cake
and we actually thought that that dinner
last night he did talk about it cuz my
wife is here also she's not in the crowd
but we were talking about super me we
were talking about you know we were
talking about our lists yeah of like
people that we could get away with
having sex with and the hypothetical and
one we have less the free pass list and
one of the guys on her list along with
Bowie is get Harrington who plays Jon
Snow on yeah yeah
he's here at comic-con and in fact she's
at the panel right now
well it's awesome Matt Smith and Kit
Harington so that's what you guys are
missing right now he's made everyone sad
sorry you're this man that was there
that's up wait what nothing
so anyway oh yeah and could be the
anniversary panels Sunday but anyway so
she was like I'm sorry but if I make if
I meet kid Arrington I'm probably gonna
have to take that list and check it off
I was like that's fine because Jennifer
Lawrence is here so if I can somehow
is she here standing up Jennifer Loretta
bear in the audience and then see you I
said I bet you all super Jennifer
Lawrence before you sleep oh yes and you
verified by being there of course what's
that oh I have to have yeah I would need
a win right absolutely right uh-huh
yeah that's a win-win really I wish I
had a cool woman crash I don't I don't
no no I like I like the darker featured
lady it's like maybe a Salma Hayek yeah
yeah I like I'm a little spicy you like
that that's a good dose a turbofan from
Glee latina yeah she's a maid not Lea
Michele that uh yes she's hot John let's
go
I'll take her she's hot let's do uh
let's do one more
where are guys where Papa this man
raised his hand but her boobies bounced
this guy has to hand they ask you about
oh I'm so sorry ladies
I know wait guys if we don't pick the
black guy we're gonna be racist
all right and we don't wait are you a
shirt on hello I love you all love you I
love you um what is your take on fantasy
and sci-fi religions like the force
Doctor Who Oh any of Trekkies any of
them out there dude that's really good
yeah that's a great topic I will listen
the force is awesome before they ruined
it with midi-chlorians what is that shit
midi-chlorians you can't believe that
that's not in your religion I Spit on
George Lucas's grave hmm that he
pre-purchased
well what about worshiping the seven or
the Lord of Light that's cool I mean I'm
gonna say the Lord of Light I I've never
read the books nobody shout anything he
looks like he might be a badass at this
point the Lord of Light or delight you
look feeling himself up to be kind of a
badass yeah you can make demons come out
of girls vaginas and he can make people
come back to life I think you make
people come back to life yeah oh yeah
well but the seven are older it's true
but I feel like in my lip even if I were
in Game of Thrones I'd be like are you
watch Game of Thrones yeah but I'm just
like I don't know what to say about all
right no but continue I'm what other
fantasy and sci-fi world religions are
well I wish you thinking kind of
implanted and beneath the plan of the
Apes they worship the bomb okay so wait
so okay we're asking for clarification
are we talking about religions that are
found in sci-fi or fantasy worlds or are
we talking about people that make sci-fi
and fantasy their religion oh I've heard
of that thing so like well like people
that are like diehard Trekkies and
that's their thing or people that are
diehard
oh you know what I think that as long as
like what you follow put some more
awesome in the world fucking go for it
is there a religion for porn you can
make it something really great and you
know what so one last one for realsies
poor cameramen can go on to the actual
job that they're here for okay Sam are
you daddy
Sam's gone you guys need to pick the
last one this little boy what's your
name look at this adore Jessica's
Ellison we'll just say it yeah wait I
have a mic okay Maddy's gonna step on a
hundred fingers get over this poor kid
that's easy there's five fingers on each
hand so right well I've watched you get
so I watched Phil ever since he before
he moved to its new studio like I
watched him since I seen soy shy girl
and you guys have come a long way and my
and a follow-up question to that is
what's the favorite memory that you've
had you feel Phil DeFranco look like
yourself like what's the favor what's
the most favorite memory that you've had
with SourceFed
throughout the whole time you've been
with them
it better include all of us feel now I'm
asleep I can answer that question for
money hired me I'm gonna start off I'm
gonna start off with a cop-out that it's
all been awesome but then go to specific
moments when we hit our first I think it
was like 250,000 people in a weekend
we uh we decided to celebrate by getting
big inflatable things and hitting each
other with giant sticks if you've seen
that video that was awesome
anytime I you know what I think anytime
I get to have these guys come with me
somewhere and I get to see like the pure
joy like from people meeting them
because it's just it's just this like
cycle that keeps giving and giving and
giving and creating and like boosting up
new people and I think that's what I've
really really wanted like this whole
weird internet thing to be about but
yeah you know what I mean
going in everyday and smelling your
terrible farts the real but just just
fucking talking with like people that
have become like just really really like
my best friends and like just making
awesome by shit talking each other I
don't know it's uh I'm gonna stop it
there because I'm gonna get like weird
emotional bring it it we just hug cuz
yeah my personal favorite moment for
myself was the franco-dutch Dublin and
now this just seeing like all you
fucking beautiful people
and yeah you know what I think this is
honestly this is probably for my
SourceFed moments this is it that's it I
think the thing that kind of relates all
the things together is that it's all
these opportunities and all these
experiences that not be cheesy it's
because of you guys 100% you guys and so
for that thank you I love your faces
we're gonna chill out after this and
meet as many of you what I love yo faces
