tomorrow
cool so you don't even have to do a
sweet by them I'd say don't just add the
graphics yeah throw it in there to save
us ten minutes add the rest of that joke
I'll take out that picture that you
marked oh cool
take it thank you yeah you have a um
yeah two minutes why you feel great yeah
oh man I can't do it I love that every
time you see that I'm filming it is
movie my own drink and I drink it and
then I just let other people guess who
did it
it's Love Dare it's made stop I just
wanna make sure no we'll do an
introduction
thanks thanks J Cole so we're playing
NHL 13 today I'm Philip DeFranco this is
Ross Everett that's what your name is
it's one of them I was like what is it
it's what you asked anyone did some
wrong yeah take that about dare you
Elliot you ruined a perfect take I've
quit I quit SourceFed is off I went all
of them yeah but oh close but it was
close towards the end there I almost
want all of them oh my god oh my god you
guys I mean really
Norris's you will be filmed at anything
stupid and I
I'll put I'll put a big smiley Phil over
it I'll put my open my face over it
he'll be pawed yeah that's how you sell
Google glass
