nope wait I might get the bounce get the
beds ah no
big money consent it's okay it also is
autofocusing so it can barely see the
screen oh hey so you guys just randomly
want to tell me stuff you'll regret
later
sure okay so what was what was the first
time like that you uh how do I say this
of the face oh my god
the first time I ever throw up by myself
it was um it's really embarrassing story
oh my god
Halloween and I was skyping with some
whatnot oh my god I fell out of the
shower naked on somebody wants that was
awful into someone outside the shower
because college was getting sick in my
bathroom because it was during a
Halloween party and I was in the shower
because I'd all this crazy Halloween
makeup on so it's running and gross and
I was like I'm just gonna go shower it
all off a change in PJs and then
continue partnering with my PJs right
shower ago my mega boy and he was
getting sick in the potty and I lost my
balance and fell right on out of the
shower through the shower curtain on to
my friend at least you know then we just
all laughed hysterically that'd be the
weirdest start to a porn ever you know
how you do well I think at least she
fell onto someone Lindsay once fell out
of the shower and like I thought she was
dead I thought like it was over she was
like ah I was like oh my god my
girlfriend's paralyzed I have to be with
her for five more years so people know
I'm not a terrible person
are we going to thank I'm came to I
remember like feeling and telling him I
felt weird Leslie give me a second I
remember thinking I was gonna sit down
and then like I guess coming to and he
was like Meg Meg Meg I was like I said
give me a second he's like you've been
passed out for like two minutes
I thought you were dead I've already
decided you I take you to the hospital
naked right it was like we couldn't even
I can't even joke oh that's the question
yeah what do you do if if I'm if I'm in
an accident and I'm naked or I'm dead
and I'm naked do you have someone put
clothes on you no that's true at least a
blanket I know you can set up
sup guys welcome back to SourceFed nerd
with your daily edition of tabletop
where we talk about your questions your
topics whether you did it on Twitter
with the hashtag tabletalk did it on
facebook now or write it down
