I just realized I was supposed to start
talking has open the kitchen this is my
first vlog in a while but it's not going
to be about hey I ever down a big frog
in a while it's gonna be a hello I just
want to talk to you about stuff that
maybe wasn't news so I asked people on
my tumblr Philly DTV what question would
you like to ask me and maybe I shall
answer it in a way that does not make
you want to stab yourself in the face
that seems like if that seems like a
pretty legitimate decent goal the
question was from a person called design
and breasts which by the way s fantastic
a name for a tumblr who said do you feel
like the philly d show has made you more
politically / economically aware or
would you have been this way otherwise
um I feel like I was I was as we're back
then as I am today what what I think
doing the show has taught me is that
everyone has a side no one wakes up in
the morning is like I hate all well
actually some people wake up and they're
like I hate all people but no one wakes
up and goes I feel like I should be evil
today ninety nine point six percent of
people that's not the way it goes down
and I feel like doing the show has made
me realize that you know people have
their their beliefs I may not agree with
it they may have their their ideas of
how things should work i don't agree
with it but i do like 22 as the best as
i can has someone that may not share
that belief you know argue their point
for them so that it's not just me going
these things are the way they are
because that nothing's black and white
in this world except um um um graham
crackers mmm Graham guy had sugar-free
graham crackers the other day it was
amazing but I the thing is if you eat a
lot of sugar free stuff all at once you
shouldn't because well hey you can try
and then you can find out what happens
so that'd be funny I'll be funny for me
you feel me react don't film your
reaction that'd be weird but I think I
would be as aware I've definitely I've
definitely changed throughout the years
I'm a little less liberal on some things
I'm definitely a little less
conservative on some things I know that
my a pain
on capital punishment has changed
throughout the years but I think that's
the whole point right i think the
develop DeFranco show is all about me
throwing out my my opinion the beliefs
of others you guys arguing one way or
the other eighty percent of the time you
guys don't call each other fuck faces
and you know we have a good day and we
argue and stuff but that's I think
that's that's really it that's where I'm
at anyways if you have other questions
and/or topics and or whatever I'd like
to talk to you in a way that's not me
just reporting the news so there's that
okay i love you i hope you have a good
day it's a weekend it's almost here it's
almost
