uh I think around 10pm New York time and
walk around the streets try and get
stabbed and I just got an awesome text
an email for my buddy Tom sly who works
who works at Google and he let me know
that he just had a baby girl just now
like literally well not now 15 minutes
prior to recording this he sent me a
picture and he was like this is Eleanor
I want to introduce you and I was amazed
and and so what he asked was could I
tweet to hit like a small amount of
people take a picture of if you're on
maybe on the west coast or Hawaii or
someplace the Sun has not set if you can
take a picture or tomorrow if you a set
an alarm you wake up and take a picture
of the sunrise he wants to make a photo
album of his new baby girls birthday
like what the world looked like that day
and I thought well fuckit sweet sorry
now you can't show this video to her so
she's 18 if bad language is terrible but
if you can take a picture of a sunset if
it's early enough where you are or a
sunrise tomorrow if you can schedule a
timer and then send it to philip
defranco at gmail com I think would be
very very sweet
also it may gives me a reason to make
and also that's a trade I love you
nation if you
here's an email thank you if not fine I
get it
I'm going to have some new york book
