Oh nation is Wednesday do not worry i'm
not blogging in the car with with a
regular camera i'm doing it with that is
these glasses that are on top of my face
because I like sometimes keeping my
friends on edge not knowing if they
should watch what they say because I'm a
douchebag but i am driving i'm taking
city streets because the highway Oh
shocker in la is jammed and I thought
maybe we could chat I thought the weird
thing about this this vlog channel is
that I thought that I had a video up
last week and then come to realize I
haven't posted anything in three and a
half weeks I get so crazy crazy
sidetracked with all the the really
really cool things that we're about to
do for I guess ourselves I always going
to say for you but I mean you know if if
we weren't kind of doing the channels
for ourselves I think there'd be no
point in watching why would you watch
someone that's just doing it because
it's their job plumbing that's not true
there are plenty of people on TV that
just do it because it's it's a paycheck
that's sad that's very sad I was
thinking right now how the brain is mush
like it's that it's that after work
after school mush we're like you think
you're thinking about everything and
nothing at the same time there's no
there's no structure it's just chaos in
the brain and I don't mean in the sense
like when you get behind the wheel and
then your mind just kind of turns off
and then you're like how do i get home
what I mean is like right now right in
my brain I'm thinking of the next 12
designs for FHP that we just licensed
and all the new artists and and like how
long we gonna work with them i hope the
designs do well i'm thinking about
SourceFed I'm thinking about the secret
channel I'm thinking about my channel
don't think about the vlog as much but
that's because I get to talk to you guys
on table talk in my show and I think you
get sick of me there's there's such a
thing as too much Philip DeFranco for
one part for for some people it's one
video you're like no never again for
other people I think you have a higher
tolerance and I love you
for it but ya know just thinking about
brain mush just everything kinda in a
stew all the things and none of the
things because I can't focus on them and
that's that's what my brain is and I
think that's why sometimes it's it's
hard to go I'm gonna vlog because I also
know that when I would daily vlog it was
stressful it was so stressful because
all like the internet I like do I like
doing my show and table talk because I
get to add something and it doesn't feel
like a job the fogs they feel like a job
because i am a i'm a pretty boring
person when i get down to it like i have
my moments where it's like oh that was
really cool feel traveled and then he
did this thing awesome photo shoot with
a model and blah blah blah but most of
the time it's like I wake up I go to
work I convince myself that I totally
worked out by doing 20 curls and and and
then I I go home and I play video games
or I work with FHP and and then I'm like
okay well time to go to sleep and then I
do that and it's pretty it's pretty
boring I don't know I'm all over the
place I am all over Z plays the main
point I love the old faces and I kind of
wanted to get a brain mush reference out
there and I guess I'm gonna continue
driving probably an hour or an hour and
a half for what usually takes me 15
minutes in the morning I love your faces
i miss you i miss you i miss your touch
i miss your smell i miss the way you
cradle my bowels I love your faces
nation that is that's the only other car
that I would rather have that's not true
I take that car I like my Challenger and
then an Audi Audi's are sexy
if you have a Maserati I hate you though
those are obnoxious if your car is more
than a house kill yourself not really
don't kill yourself but kill yourself
nothing phases by
