everyone so we've all finished BioShock
Infinite and we don't you try something
a little bit different and talk about
our thoughts and feelings with the game
so we all finish first of all holy
mindfuck am i right yeah well before we
talk about how we all finish you
mentioned how fucking soon you finished
well I am game I began in the first day
because I won everyone like aims to ruin
shit like I just have to get it out of
my system and then I can go back to the
real world
also big note we're gonna be talking
about the actual game so this is just
spoilers yeah like 100% spoilers if you
do not want to have it ruined just leave
thank you for the view yeah a good loser
spoiled it then you're not an
intelligent yeah being its spoiler times
its spoiler spoiler drinks on yes so so
first spoiler how shocked were you were
you shocked that you found out that you
were both Booker and Comstock at once it
was kind of like what I can't cook I
can't contain all this news at once yeah
it was a lot of like it letting it sink
in but I now see I finished it and I
felt like I thought it was gonna turn
out that Elizabeth was gonna be my
sister I had an idea that Elizabeth was
gonna be was gonna be sure you were you
both were like I thought I thought she
might end up being Anna but I was like
how much she not remember though she's
in it so it didn't make sense in my head
but then when I finish it and I went in
to watch Steve castee was about an hour
behind me watching him kills Comstock
and then his nose bleed I was the Qods
cuz he's remembering cuz he just killed
himself so everything right and I
wouldn't explain it because I'm still
trying to get it yeah resolves in my
head so yeah Booker yeah it becomes
Comstock in another dimension yeah if he
accepts the baptism yeah right in his
world he stays Booker because he goes no
me touching the water not gonna be a
he has a baby that's being Anna that
being an appealing wife dies in
childbirth right yeah and and then and
then what Comstock
takes the bear goes to the other world
gets this baby because he's sterile
because he was working with like all the
portals in that day yeah
but why why was she why'd she have
powers yeah that's a good question
because she it was from another place
and then she got like snipped phlegon
that's like why she can open portals cuz
you technically like yeah it might
because she technically exists in two
portals but I don't know it doesn't
really explain them because I mean that
she is she is someone that only exists
in one world and she's in another right
right so that's trippy it
yeah oh it makes you hyper able to her
like hyper love the twins because you
find out they're not actually twins
yeah if you get a box of phones because
you find out that in one world born a
woman one world born a man yeah and it's
I love the way they interact that was
like okay who is this weird brick I
tweeted like it's weird I don't get this
weird British couples yes he doesn't row
what's that that doesn't he doesn't yeah
so that when they're flipping the coin
and I dug that because it shows like out
of the million million universes that
there is a place where like literally
heads can land yeah yeah so I thought
that was cool I loved the stop asking
what when the delicious question is win
oh yeah that was good that was really
smooth I loved all of the music in the
game first of all the score was great I
loved all the new music in the 80s
billion when you wake up on the beach
girls just what have fun yeah I'm on a
Calliope it's like on the boardwalk of
Boardwalk Empire type shit I love that
and then there would be those red tears
where I could see into the future a
little bit and you could hear like
everybody wants to rule the world by
Tears for Fears
yeah and then you can hear like what was
in the other one it was like tainted
love or something anyway a lot of cool
music music is great ya know so what
difficulty do you guys play up see okay
I started off playing hard because I
have to play games on hard when I play
any new game cuz I
want to just get the challenge and get
the most out of it but then we came down
to the wire because we really wanted to
shoot this we came up with this idea
this week and so Megan I both came down
to the wire
built finished it in the first fucking
day yeah sandy you know Steve and I were
texting last night like I'm so tired
yeah we gotta finish it then we're like
fuck it let's just we'll give it the
weekend people are still playing we'll
do it Monday but then I came in it feels
like you were to defeat their shit I got
our consoles they were like fuck it so
we rushed through the game and that and
then so I got to a part where I came to
you and I was like do that fucking thing
and you were like but I was but I felt
like there was a distinct shift like the
first 70% of the game very easy
everybody the Patriots they blow up with
like you breathe them I really needed so
I was like man I really need up the
difficulty but I wanted to get through
quickly so we could do this and then at
the end that one fucking battle at the
end we are defending your airship I was
like suddenly everyone's fucking Goliath
shit if you consider you're leveling up
throughout the whole game these guys
must be like the ad engine so okay so
when you're fighting a Madame or miss
Comstock that's a oh she keeps coming
hard mode I literally I was like okay
and I would just stick by the vending
machines and I was like almost night you
well ya know right now when you're in
front of the thing with comps like how
when she's come back the second time you
found all the tears river that I just
totally posted up by that vending
machine I was like fine cool none of you
have you bother to run over here so the
ending do you think that Booker still
exists somewhere especially because the
after the credits yes do you think that
is yeah I think this is their way of
saying there may be something well
that's it so that's the thing too is
that I think that in the world where
Booker exists right that's where a
rapture rapture is made right I love it
we go so much shit because in the
beginning it's like when he was like
never heard of this place in the sky
yeah probably have heard of that so like
you know up above existing one Columbia
exists in the world's rapture another
I'd like to think that because she
because Elizabeth says look at all the
stars they're all doorways into
something it just makes me think that
there's just infinite possibilities
infinite infinite Elizabeth's but why
does the drowning you think drowning
Booker at the end why does that stop
anything for Elsa I think it's because
that's us like that we are that Booker
like so that's our basically the end of
that Booker story so like that's why
it's such a big deal and that's why and
that Booker story leads to the Comstock
story so I think that was the Booker
that was going to become Comstock yeah
yeah yeah so when we killed that Booker
Comstock doesn't exist well yeah because
both so when they were talking about
constants and variables around the
constant is that he at first does go
okay I'm going to accept this baptism
that's a constant the variable is that
in one world he goes through with it one
rate doesn't so then by one Booker not
doing it it just fucks everything up and
I think that's why you see Elizabeth so
my question is is how does this affect
the Canon of the Bioshock saga the
trilogy like is there just does this
world of Columbia and all that stuff
exist does it does it affect the other
bioshock game the world different planes
yeah um I just I honestly thought it had
never happened I was a little sad I
honestly thought because Columbia it
takes my place roughly 50 years before
Bioshock 1 I thought we were gonna find
like a baby Andrew Ryan somewhere and I
was thinking too and then building like
what have you were Andrew Ryan the whole
time but it was cool because when we
went to rapture it was gorgeous don't
like it was still very like in its
heyday which makes sense on the timeline
so okay so really fast favorite parts
just like your absolutely favorite part
of the game do it definitely when
Elizabeth stabs Daisy with the scissors
that was like man Oh fucking then she's
like you know what fuck it move on
and now my bat and I love when she comes
out you got small this is all I had this
fucking sweet outfit this is you can
hope that fits me perfectly I think it's
like 1 & 2 right there when she like the
generators are cut and all of a sudden
she brings in fucking twister yeah
that's bad she brings it again which is
like no no two favorite moments for me I
know it's not fair but my one favorite
moment was when she brings him in a
future and you see the 80s or in the 80s
and it's like she's old and there's all
the fucking rockets going down on New
York and shit and second favorite
fucking crap sure dude I got chills I'm
sorry I was shit I had chills like like
I never had that many chills it's in a
row you know just have happening I was a
20-minute experience no yeah I do have
to say and I mentioned it earlier but
there's a point at which when the the
song bird comes back and he throws
Booker through a window a window and
then he comes back up and in Elizabeth's
like stamp at Sandburg I think she
literally goes up in Big Daddy
it's like you once again you are fearing
him the entire time at then at the end
when he's dying oh my god she's like
she's like Shh what was that fucking
thing man I know they were talking about
genetically altered stuff and he's like
good thing they're hiding up there and
stuff what the by water yeah I think it
was like you know like the handyman like
it's like an automaton maybe it's like a
dude that's so the handyman that's the
moment where the game goes okay we're no
longer uneasy we're in the tracks that
fucking son of a bitch yeah no Steve was
riding on the rails and he had gotten
just before the part where had guys
start the handyman's starts Dewey and
I'm like Steve you know I'd like to
think that okay so the button I know
this is taking forever longest thing
ever but in BioShock you don't really
know what's in the Big Daddies either
like what the Big Daddies exactly the
same way it might have some sort of soul
because mr. bubbles also had like I want
to say maybe in part 2 they said they
were men that like that decide cuz cuz
weren't you the prototype of the Big
Daddies right you so and you're a dude
and you're a dude in there but like you
but they're like like the handyman he
can't survive without all that stuff
maybe you know the Big Daddies or I
can't survive it with Darth Vader style
I'd like to think that okay so what do
you think about the future of infinite
do you think we'll get another infinite
or you think will get another Bioshock
in another universe type game next I
don't know I mean also with the next one
be Bioshock Yeah right because infinite
the whole point is that it exists
everywhere
yeah and that title is so cool now I
feel like honestly I feel like it's
gonna be the and that's gonna be the
trilogy that's gonna be like they're
gonna let it go I think they are and you
know what Rod Fergusson was running
what's be a beautiful and no I don't
want to be over though but Rod Fergusson
was brought on as the EP and he's one of
the reasons why the game is so polished
and so well done and he went to epic he
was at epic for gears one two and three
and left after three because that was
supposed to be the trilogy shit so like
I think he he knows when that's you know
that's a good ending
go and I think he'll make a rational let
it go but you know what that means that
means that some asshole some greedy
executive I really liked about BioShock
Infinite was that there were multiple
worlds in one capacity though were the
people working on infinite had worked on
the other games do you know I mean a
rational did the first Bioshock and so
it changed hands for Bioshock 2 and this
was the original team you know all those
ferguson was it and that makes that
makes sense watch two is kind of weaker
oh definitely yeah I mean the second one
if anything it feels like you would
almost say DLC but it took so it takes
away a lot of yeah it just fills in a
lot of really essentially the same
control wise and everything like there's
not much different about two from one
except the story man point I'm gonna go
back in I'm gonna try and do nasty 99
mode but I'm gonna try and do it without
it says like if you don't use the
machines it's it's like a special things
like 75 gamer points and that's so I'm
gonna try you don't you don't
oh yes so that's like it's supposed to
be like so much dry Wow okay so wait
what was your favorite what was your
favorite bigger towards the end of the
game that shield bigger the one that was
like that you actually use it properly
but you can also hold it and he want
this like orb and it yeah yeah and then
you can do something where you just
generate a shield around you and I'm
fucking protects me from everything it's
really great
I hide possession from what's my
favorite and all the way through was my
very simple takes way too much salt to
use well unless you uh you upgrade up in
ilithyia's yeah cuz you were you were
doing it up to six times which is good
especially when you have the Big Macs
yeah yeah I used friendship crows for
days throws a shit we afraid them and
then you just like you kill whoever is
being attacked by crows then they lay a
now they become a nest yeah and then
it's just fucking lion Minds everywhere
how much did you love the dude shooting
themselves after that's the shit that
was hilarious
I'm okay that house did you see this
part Jews possessed yeah but no the guy
takes the gun he's got a gun and he just
beats himself Oh
I got a gun hi there so I would make it
a point to be like I possessed that dude
I'm shooting gotta make sure he didn't
kill himself and I'd watch him shoot
himself again to be like yeah I'm not
even kidding I'm bringing down the
Zeppelin's I did a dude who had rockets
and I made sure to be like hold on
fucking Lincoln I gotta watch his dude
rocket himself dude I'm gonna play it
with the move now on the ps3 I've got it
on the PSU in about - oh yeah like I
heard that there was another game I
forgot his kill zone or something but
they said that they they use the move
controls and it was fucking amazing
wait so would you use - yes he used the
controller and they'll like the little
nunchuck nub thing and then you use the
move for like all the pointing issue
over and I guess you could use like a
gun like a gun attachment yeah final
thoughts
fucking awesome game what would you
break it would you give it a perfect
score like do you think it's a perfect
games and so many people gave it perfect
scores um yeah yeah I mean Joe was
asking me to use I can see your favorite
game ever in his Joey wasn't ninokuni I
was like no you know dude he's not my
favorite game ever either remember I
think it's Shadow the Colossus I go back
and forth between Shadow of the Colossus
and Grim Fandango cuz it was funny it
was a puzzler fucking definitely in my
top five yeah I just don't feel like
there's any such thing as a perfect game
all the way through I think back then it
was amazing I give it a 9 point 9 out of
10 just cuz I just don't be the original
BioShock is not a 10 and a 10 I'm fine
that's not fair what I'm saying like
every game has they oh I didn't like
this part so much are you see I love
movies and I can tell you the perfect
movies Raiders of the Lost Ark Tannen 10
perfect no problems so you've got to be
able to say there's a game yes if I had
to give a game a perfect score it'd be
probably I would probably give infinite
a perfect score and then like Resident
Evil 4 yeah I mean it's it's near
perfect where as far as pacing I never
was bored I mean almost every hour there
was something or I was like oh my god I
just fucking blew up a Zeppelin and I
said it was
amazing yeah it's easily one of the best
games I've played in the past five years
oh absolutely absolutely like the only
thing I can't even think right now what
would be tit for a game of the year I
mean you could have the next Walking
Dead maybe watch dogs but there's
nothing I don't know I mean I was also I
found coins
who needs cool just a beautiful game
it's manual minutes like it just it
takes one my favorite things that all
our decisions is like the ripple effect
and just and time travel and fucking
good music it's like everything we love
in a fucking game it's a movie you're
playing it doesn't get any minute main
point what did you think about it
because hope to god you you actually
played the game of you made up to this
point yeah and what other things are did
we not talk about that because I'm gonna
be in the comment section I was looking
all over for places to talk about this
game so please take part I love your
faces annotation or gonna sourcefed.com
to see everything we've ever done I'm
Meg Turney songbird or cage and then a
sober sober yeah did that do it thing it
has changed that avatar it's all about
the small changes oh wait you got to
talk about in the parallels because it's
a parallel game and Meg and I were
playing parallel versions of the game in
like different rooms that were talked
about how cool that was Infinite
