what is the help goddammit ah who is the
sexiest person in this room I'm have to
say Phil Oh fuckin line downloaded
animal crossing on my phone and I very
excited to not spend any money but then
get to a point of frustration where I do
is spend money and then later to a point
where I hate that I spent money and then
I delete the app oh there any turkeys
Phil as animals in this animal probably
you know I say turkeys Phil no no I do
not know on to this day why you would
mention turkeys yeah but explain it to
me cuz we're celebrating Thanksgiving so
and aren't you excited so everyone's
gonna be doing a Thanksgiving thing but
I'm not gonna be here cuz I'm I'm
leaving again you know you work here you
still pay me Audie I've even checked
every second so I'm willing to take your
part of the day so I know we I gotta get
some supplies and shit but you know it's
gonna be it's gonna be fun day for you
guys not me for you yeah what are you
looking forward to today Phil eating a
lot of food actually not really I
shouldn't because then I mean I'm at the
age and I wait right now where I eat
that much and I'm just like oh so I'll
just go to sleep forever then I guess
and then but then I got 10 more hours in
the day we're here working on
Thanksgiving Day this is our
Thanksgiving feast you know or not we
actually care about what we were doing
we would be here on Thanksgiving and the
day after and no weekend not really I
would go crazy all right Cole Phil well
I hope you have a great Thanksgiving and
I hope you have a great day to day and
everybody else I'm saying like Ricci's
am thankful for you you're a cool boss
not not to like peachy and and kiss your
ass I'll kiss your ass a little bit but
you're you're a cool boss Phil thanks
for the opportunities they get for the
love thank you for my modeling career I
know you support the one thing I will I
will accept your thanks for one day you
can be on the cover JC Penney magazine
let me think it's Phil DeFranco yeah
alright we're gonna get the day started
I'll see you later Phil right what the
hell will be doing Dollar Tree
okay so what is it for though look at
all these chairs and tables we're doing
smoking pot oh yeah you know I thought
we were doing a potluck and then we were
just smoking pot stuff for stuffing no I
mean like is there like me oh I doubt it
no I'm sure it's just from a box
oh yes time I have the Christmas things
out too
maybe they're all sold out look this is
this is Thanksgiving it's isn't the
red-colored make people want to murder
each other so you thankful for this dog
bowl you can use the dog bowl as a
decoration because you're thankful for
lucky I think Party City is probably
what we needed to go you didn't call the
Dollar Tree beforehand ask them came
here oh oh okay cool yeah her deciding
factor was me what's her name again
Naomi if you're watching this can't wait
to meet you
think about all this you're just I'm so
upset that I'm gonna miss the
festivities can I get some food though
you know what didn't contribute anything
can't eat my stuffing because it has
turkey broth in it and I googled what it
is and I found out basically they give
it that Turkey a bath and I use that
water that's kind of evil but they still
it does hey Keith remember we did this
last year last year's vlog where you and
I went to Amanda's old apartment yeah
and we heated up some shit and then you
got it all over your pants my pants try
to drain a little bit I could do that
again without you I know it was like
butter and oil and all that I was crazy
I had to wear like costume yeah I know
the costume phase where you go I'm
taking over all right here you go oh I'm
gonna do it now thank you for you guys
bye there is one snack that I do want
where's the Apple it's gonna be run by
the time I get back fuck is Jason doing
fucka what you got there James
blow-dry Clark my experience with the
turkey is usually limited to just
cutting off a piece for myself I've been
very selfish at Thanksgiving time you're
not very considerate that there's a roll
yeah sure sure
make sure you money all will die from
the poison what you doing man really
strong ginger ale what do you want I
want what you it whatever you want me to
have I have to edit and shoot the man
just so you know I have a live stream to
do just want you to be aware of that's
gonna be better job oh maybe I forgot a
whole blog dedicated to it keeping him
safe what's the gender the boy with a
boy okay I didn't want to assume look
saying though I love that we're having
an argument
we don't bully Christy when it's
literally Christy by herself and then we
just had canned cranberry sauce instead
somewhat like they were all just
pointing out all the ways we're
different
what you got girl food and then I put
the ham separate because I don't like my
sweets touching my meats good first time
having green bean casserole yesterday
which is which has been established to
be rich white people food so rich yeah
feel like this is what this is a step
it's actually good it's a salty creamy
blend of green beauty goodness you heard
that gents you like salty creamy
goodness I do it Oh
it's our first Thanksgiving and rocket
and the new new everything so I just
wanted to say thank you for all the
delicious food for everything that y'all
have done building a team when it was
just like five of us isn't Airbnb
sitting on the floor so this is like
insane and next year we're gonna fingers
crossed move into an even bigger spacing
for the family even more but
appreciating it while it is just the 16
of us is really important to me so raise
your glasses to all of you because y'all
are dope as hell so thank you I'm
thankful for my friends and my family
because I've had a really rough year and
everyone's been super duper supportive
and thankful for not getting fired are
you thankful for Google
they're spying oh now we felt that on
Android so outside Twitter give this
news to cover write full seriousness I'm
thankful that I live here and on some of
the other places we're going on right
now I must be con 5 which is really
really good what are you thankful for
closer to my family this year good talk
Celia kids why are you all getting quiet
now yeah we're gonna ride thank you
everyone wants to know okay what you're
thankful for and it better be all of our
name it's just my mom
okay she's my number one fan I'm
thankful for my family and for all the
support after I graduated allowing me to
like beef in chill before I found some
things to do talking about how you sound
like a dude in the casting couch with
you know a little new beginnings old a
new team and growth all this ugly thing
before yeah that I mean and for Jason if
you can a little less clothes please I
love the delivery try and make it I'm
thankful for this job this is gonna make
tomorrow so awkward
a paid vacation without this job it
would not have ate today Thank You
thankful for life I'm thankful for all
the new friends I'm in California that
does include some of you you know they
gave me a second how am I here cuz I had
to leave my two thousand miles away and
I'm thankful for having a job that
allows me to fly home during the
holidays this year has easily been the
worst year of my entire life and I'm
just very thankful I'm thankful for the
friends that were there for me this year
my dog and my therapist I'm thankful
that I get to come into a place where
not only my friends work but amazing
amazing creative people that I get to be
inspired to use my creativity to change
things and in charge of oh I mean yeah
that's true too I'm thankful for being a
real person and living this life then we
want to ask me what I'm thankful for
I'll do it myself well I'm thankful for
being here and filming and I'm thankful
for my friends and my family and my god
I've never done anything crazy what's
the craziest thing you've ever done to
attract across I've never done it
I mean you're about to get pie yeah
everyone so broken I wrote a poem that's
it it's not crazy it's lame have you
ever pooped your pants yes and I've
talked about it what's the biggest
mistake you've ever made in your bed
what are you aiming like that again
ready
this is ending up on some other website
that's the meanest thing you've ever
said to someone when I was a kid I told
my my cousin to get his own friends no I
haven't cheated on bitch you've kissed
probably my ex I don't want to say her
name though okay am I good I was
expecting it out ah who is the sexiest
person in this room I'm have to say Phil
oh fucking lie
in my ear who do you like the least in
this room and why Christie she always
picks on me oh I did not call you a
virgin I mean what do you do to get
yourself sexy no clothes have you ever
told a lie about your best friend to
make yourself look better I don't think
so I can't think of any instance where I
have yeah I'll take another question
have you ever tasted a booger absent
fucking for joining look for these every
Tuesday and Thursday Happy Thanksgiving
