oh you're not really fit into it yeah
you're stretching the box no you're at
your end but it's like it's right beside
your hips girl no no no oh
the basket oh honey no what are you
saying isn't like it's stretched out on
the side it's not like perfectly square
oh that's cuz you need a hard sides to
do it yeah we're alright so you've you
Jam your hips into it yeah just like
that okay just girls okay just make sure
that I'm in so you spit on so you know
my god
so you used to be able to fit well
they're not used to like like you gained
300 pounds but you so you can fit into
half of that yeah if it were hard
sighted in or hard sided okay that's
right now it's weird and it also depends
I have to jump out of the box cuz your
weight might have to be on how you're
out wait a second the way you just said
okay uh-huh
just like the Deuter of the POV porn
here oh you went to school for nursing
just say no my voice always sounds weird
yeah what I'm not on the show
explode tada
I do know that that's a lot of them a
lot of them here how many kids have you
jumped out of his weight is everything
about is like a mouse down yeah but then
that's if it makes your feet are on the
ground so you can immediately jump to
shut up oh yeah but like if you're in
one like I need to do that and
everything I was a lot harder uh uh
awesome nursing school ago for ya know
you guys great tips oh this is always
followed up with uh ya know you
your real interest in the box in a small
well you just dehumanize yourself I feel
like you're good just you're putting in
my two-weeks yeah yeah can you give me a
song about your two-week notice two week
notice gonna quit there's lots of weird
shit okay wait a second see I think one
the weird thing is this well Joe
forcibly fuck your face until you almost
blood from those weird at all boys what
boys do that's what boys do me play
around with each other's junk
discovering their bodies when they're
young and when they're older they have
confusing thoughts about their sexuality
discover in life
I'm attracted to Joe red in that shirt
come on Joe dance for me come on me
don't follow me
me
nice to me
Oh
that's a terrible idea like you
