also I want to talk about the two bits
of YouTube news today the first thing
that's been posted everywhere a lot of
people like the new code shows there
will be paid subscription channels there
was a thing but a really quick thing if
you are angry about this why none of the
channels that you enjoy right now we're
switching over to it's all new channels
it's like you went to an ice cream shop
and they're like hey free vanilla ice
cream for everyone and you enjoyed that
vanilla ice cream all the time even
though you're like this is a weird
business model but then one day they
introduced chocolate ice cream and you
don't really care cuz you don't eat
chocolate ice cream but then they were
like and we're gonna charge for and then
you got pissed off even though you were
still gonna get your free vanilla ice
cream so I guess the main point of this
is be stupid or angry but please don't
be bold that makes no sense and to
something you might be interested in if
you like really fast internet but
YouTube was like really really slow and
it always buffers all the time might be
because your internet service provider
hasn't told you what they're throttling
your download speed so this guy figured
out a way to make it faster by rejecting
IP addresses and the instructions are
really easy I did it this morning in
about 20 seconds and the next thing I
knew YouTube Vimeo Netflix videos played
super fast for some unforeseeable reason
it doesn't work for you there's some
undo instructions it's easy I will put a
big asterisk on this that if you do any
of this it is not my fault I am just
connecting you to something and
explaining my experience but when I find
something that's awesome works awesome
for me I love to share it I guess the
main point of this is you are welcome
