oh hey nation how you do it is it 716 in
the morning which isn't actually bad
unless you consider that went up since
four I went to sleep at one so there's
that but monday monday is really
important because uh stuff stuff is the
first show then we gotta organize well
SourceFed is good oh you know why the
writers room is empty is because uh last
night the Streamy Awards happened which
is an Internet award show thing and
vanilla ice was there and also Soulja
Boy which that made me I was like a
soldier boy will stand will stand up be
nice and not everyone was actually
excited about the nice but those were
not the things i am trying to vlog about
what i'm trying to say through my
tiredness is i love your faces nation
last night i won best news and culture
show we beat out the young turks we beat
out Larry King there was probably
someone else also SourceFed which was
interesting to be going up against
myself but one that and then I thanked
you guys because I know I was kind of
thrown off because I think everyone was
just really caught up in the moment no
was no one was like thanking the people
that watch them that made these stupid
videos actually matter in some way but
but yeah but I think about the end of
the night like everyone was like oh yes
of course these people who are amazing
and so that so that was really cool and
then what really like you know when you
win an award like you're like I don't
know what it's gonna be like and it is
kind of validating but was really really
amazing was and I wanted to see if they
could do it on their own no like
DeFranco push SourceFed one audience
choice best series and I was just like
yes yes because what I've been preaching
for like the past six months is like oh
all viewers are not created equal not
like subscriber verse like no not
newcomer on the side I'm just talking
about like actual communities that give
a shit like they're they're happy to be
a part of something it's not that
they're just consuming media they're a
part of it and I was like exactly
exactly and we were up against like
really really good series and shows that
I love and I respect but it was awesome
but that's all
so what's good why they're not here
because I told him the pre pre shoot two
stories in case we did win and everyone
wanted to uh to party late into the
night so that was fun it was a good time
I met Joss Whedon last night which was
cool and he had really sick dance moves
which was also cool so that was the
thing and yeah now i'm just gonna
research stories i'm gonna kick out the
the FHP VIP email to the i think it's
like 25,000 of you now that signed up
just chat with you an email form that's
it i love your faces i'm gonna continue
looking at these these gifts oh look at
Joe trying to force himself on me again
I'll see you later in today's video
