sup nation welcome to the Tuesday bonus
video and others there's always so much
going on at the studio and there's so
much footage being shot and things being
tested and we don't actually put up most
weight but the past week I've had the
girls playing dead space 2 until dead
space 3 comes out mainly because they're
both terrified of scary things and I
thought that it would be funny for
people to watch that and then this
awesome viewers seeing here made a
highlight reel of the first day and I
had to share it so one thank you to him
link to his channel down below and to
enjoy hi everyone I'm Meg Turney I'm
Trisha Hershberger today we are playing
dead space 2 i'm in preparation for dead
space 3 which is coming out very soon
raineesha and i are the resident scaredy
cats of sources at first so we're gonna
be playing through this game with just
series all how I played the first one
and not all the way through because it's
so didn't scare ya and just from the
cinematic trailer already I'm not
thrilled today is just gonna be a shorty
one for the beginning and then we'll see
you on Friday around noonish for some
more of this and then we'll keep playing
all next week and we got a game uh and
then we will take on dead space 3 this
is a thing it's so wish me I got the
beginning of this there's a voice and a
golden egg and it's calling out my soul
and it knows I'm playing this game I
don't like it it's a girl why do you do
that do you what does a look at that
thing back there there's like blood on
the Hong likes chairs oh god there's
like shit on the floor too
oh look now he's necromorph II can we
mix up we want to make out o mas'r with
me that's gonna be the full game putting
I think through the ceiling I can't I
want to go over there can i go around
this wheelchair yeah let's move his
wheelchair the way I don't deal well
with this you can ask my little sister I
mean you're saying I aren't everything
what's over there like I'll do that you
and see that this is that question for a
Trish and meg what is your foot okay all
right all right haha when that thing in
the corner I don't I don't know what it
is it was your thing my bill did
something oh here's it go crazy look at
teddy bear oh I don't like that one in
the world that makes Lena look at that
Derek in the corner you have to listen
to Ozil's bre be
what do you we don't have a shoot we
don't gun I'm all big and bad cuz I
actually beat one of the easy dudes
don't you fucking come over here with
your moving shit okay all right did we
not what I get we're gonna pick up ariat
get up well you gotta get those things
then okay all right
wait do that thing we run upstairs I
gotta calm wants to know why you're
yelling at the character to run when you
are in fact the one controlling but yeah
that's how you make him run it's like in
the neverending story between Trillo and
Bastion they're the same yet Bastion
says run a trail you know the guys awake
shut up bro trying to my son's that poor
man plasma cutter I was gonna eat him
we're just talking to Steve about Baraka
from Mortal Kombat and how he used to
give me nightmares yo yeah he had those
crazy crazy saw any of the teeth Trisha
is going to take over Oh siedel oh
there's a fire
I feel like if Trisha almost got
murdered drink up those credits got its
tricia i might be behind you what the
fuck are you suddenly attrition was from
South Central into right is in my normal
life that's scared of things dude
there's a dude he said come here here
that's not what my objective says to go
you're gonna die homie
you have a ranged well thank you guys so
much for joining us we will be back
friday at around noon time to continue
this way on again
