alright let me introduce our guests at
this virtual round table near your
fireside chat Guy Kawasaki he's an
author and a technology expert living in
Palo Alto California morning hey guy boy
DeFranco who's a media entrepreneur and
popular host of the Phil DeFranco show
on YouTube which I'm sure you watch mr.
Biden well I actually have seen you I
wish I had your hair yes mr. vice
president the 1994 violent criminal or
violent crime control in law enforcement
Act known as the assault weapons ban
expired because it was proven to be
ineffective at reducing violent crime
and according to FBI Govs violent crime
stats assault weapons as defined by the
bill account for less than 1% of
homicides annually in fact that's less
than hammer murders so my question is
what reasonable measures can we
implement that might reduce the loss of
life as opposed to repeating the same
failed laws of previous administrations
let me set the record straight in your
question it did not expire because it
proved ineffective it expired because it
had to be reauthorized in 10 years when
I originally wrote the legislation only
to get asked there was an agreement that
it would have a year life and have to be
reauthorized and the last administration
chose not to seek reauthorization that's
number one
number two it is true that the vast
majority of gun deaths in America are
not a consequence of the use of an
assault weapon but that begs the issue
of whether or not assault weapons have
any real utility either a in terms of
any any sporting or self-protection
needs that look as you know the Supreme
Court recently ruled that it is that is
an individual right to bear arms an
individual right that used to be a
debate no longer is a debate and I've
just had that position my whole career
number two they said though that there
in his constitutional put reasonable
limitations on who can own and what kind
of arms can be owned now one of the
reasons why the assault weapons ban
makes sense even though it accounts for
a small
percentage of the murders or those who
died as a consequence of a weapon every
year is because police organizations
overwhelmingly support it because they
get outgunned they are outgunned on the
street by the bad guys and the
proliferation of these weapons when in
fact there were fewer police being
murdered fewer police being victimized
being outgunned when the assault weapons
ban in fact was in existence when it
been the number of assaults on police
officers and the deadly assault some has
gone up since the ban has been lifted it
is not an answer to all the problems but
it's irrational in my view a rational
limitation on the on what type of
weapons should beyond could be owned and
and mr. Biden when you say the rational
what would you say to people saying that
some of this legislation especially
against AR when you mentioned the police
deaths it's it's creating policy based
on outliers rather than really hitting
the real issue well I think look we do
get to the real issue and I assume fill
up we're gonna get a chance to talk
about in this chat we do get to the real
issue which is the vast majority of gun
deaths and by the way there's been over
1200 just in America just since what
happened up in Connecticut in Newtown
but the fact of the matter is it does
negatively impact upon the physical
health and well-being of police officers
and others and it is in no way no way
does it deny or trench upon a legitimate
restriction on the type of weapon that
can be owned and and and so in the end
the courts concluded that as well so the
idea that it doesn't solve every problem
although only solves part of a problem
without trenching on any one's
individual rights but because it doesn't
solve the whole problem you shouldn't do
it I don't buy the logic of that
so the fact I know a lot of your folks
were talking about video games on your
board as well yeah there was there was a
big conversation of video games ten
million dollars spent into the other
research
of movies videogames violence and I
think there is something there before
that I did want to hit you were talking
about the the fact so I did go to
fbi.gov which I have up I think it is
unbiased research that has shown that
since the the assault weapon ban expired
while firearm sales have increased the
number of murders have gone down and you
previously mentioned the 1200 firearm
related deaths but not assault rifles so
what would you say to the people that
say yes you are infringing on our rights
not for sporting or for hunting but in
California everyone talks about the big
earthquake or some terrible natural
disaster as a last line of defense what
would you say to those well I would say
there's an awful I you know guess what a
shotgun I'll keep you a lot safer a
double-barrel shotgun then there's salt
use that even one who does know how to
use it you know it's harder to use an
assault weapon that hit something that
is a shotgun okay so you want to keep
people away an earthquake by some
shotgun shells number one but animate
and with regard to violent crime going
on I'm very proud it went down and went
proud in large part the reason we went
down is we put a hundred thousand cops
on the street but that didn't mean the
cops were safer as a consequence of
these guns the cops were less safe the
more assault weapons were on the street
they don't account for even not only a
bulk they come for a small percentage of
the gun crimes in America more people
more people out there get shot with a
Glock that has a that that has
cartridges that you can have magazines
that can put two ten eight twelve fifty
two ten eight twelve fifteen thirty
shells in it
then from any assault weapon you see I'm
much less concerned quite frankly about
what you call an assault weapon than I
am about magazines and the number of
rounds that can be held in a magazine
but the point is that the fact that
violent crime is down
and there's been a proliferation of
assault weapons quote-unquote as was
defined up to now on the street does not
suggest that taking the salt weapons off
the street would not in fact make it
safer particularly for the folks who are
mostly out gun cops and you previously
mentioned the the magazine sizes yes so
I guess my question with that is the the
gunman in Connecticut fired 150 rounds
meaning that he had to swap out his 30
round magazines at least four times yep
without fast it you can swap out a
magazine do you think limiting the the
the magazine size to 10 we'll have well
let's assume by the way your facts are
correct about 30 he had some magazines I
think only had 20 shell but I'm not sure
30 shells so we had to swap out 4 or 5
times if it was if it was if it was 10
Michels in there he would have had to
swap out 30 times or he would have
stopped that had to stop out 25 times
and so what would happen is the response
time in fact may have saved one kid's
life maybe if we took longer maybe one
more kid would be alive but let me give
you an example in the in the case of
Gabby Giffords when the guy had to swap
out a new magazine he fumbled he fumbled
and he was able and an older woman
reached up and grabbed his hand and they
subdued him all of them would have been
dead had he not had to change that
magazine had there been 30 clips in that
magazine or 40 clips in that magazine
the same way with Aurora a guy had a
hundred shells in the magazine
fortunately it jammed it jammed enough
that it gave time for folks to get there
and in fact save lives
so look I'm not making the argument that
this will end crime or this is I make
the argument this way there is no
sporting need that I'm aware of to have
a magazine that holds 50 rounds none the
normal wear and I'm a sportsman number
one number two there is no diminution of
your ability to physic
protect yourself having ten clips in a
round
I mean having ten rounds in a clip
instead of thirty or forty rounds and
what it does do now for a professional
it only takes you you go to the FBI
you'll just just show it takes a second
and three quarters for a pro to change
the clip but not the not now at least
fifty people are pros and so if you just
give another if it took another you know
a minute and a half two minutes
who knows who who who else might have
been alive and those kids may be alive
some of them mr. vice president
we're out of time thank you very much
for your time thank you on behalf of all
of us I appreciate very much write your
Congressman or again write your
Congressman all right all right bye-bye
thanks a lot everybody
