there's just some Legolas hate going on
here if there's some help racism do you
think Gimli is a secondary care I love
Kim Lee you know secondary care
supporting your a secondary territory
Ark of the big in Homs even - finally
meeting up with his best elf friend and
then fucking dies and then okay that's
all that's all side battle scenes
without Legolas suck ass okay fine
naturally a kick-ass ting he's Holly and
it's looking everywhere okay now we've
got in the heart of it we've got to the
heart of it with his he had fun was
being a hot-looking elf young
androgynous girl looking that's a fun
thing I will not base the characters
amazingness off of the fact that he can
shoot fucking heroes and makes it look
cool no are you kidding the whole thing
battles are in every corner range I'm
not saying he's not important
when they have one if what if eight what
if they lost a battle because Legolas
wasn't in it the plot would be different
here's the thing yep outfit I think it
was wicked two main characters they're
gonna be nine me no no I don't think
eighth floor the lanes use a hero's
journey it's about throating it was part
of that
yeah who is supporting it yeah but
there's different there's nine people in
the Fellowship I think you probably
anybody maybe let's get it taken it from
no no even taken it did my lord ever
trying to hold on let me tell you I know
he's never trying to print it out let me
cuz he's a good guy we're good I'm just
not sure like a moral that I go okay see
we're not arguing that Legolas is the
protagonist don't know part of the
remodeling that all I'm saying is use a
secondary character I don't know I think
I'm telling you Legolas and bone arrow
is not as cool as fucking Indiana
Jones's gun it's not running away his
gun
yeah it is yawns yeah no no it's as cool
as this gun it's not as cool as his whip
okay I would agree with that kinda joke
nobody cares better I do not get me
remember and Raiders when that fucking
dude comes out the sword and he's like
oh no because he had dysentery well
here's the thing boy he was an alcohol
draw the gun right now
I could it looks kind of like well okay
hold on a second ah I'm different in
movies things that it's not iconic guns
not a comic what I mean do you think
Legolas is bows because you know cuz I
couldn't draw Legolas is bow I think I
think Rob Lowe is more iconic that I'm
wrong having said it's not the next
thing or arrogance true true but if
somebody said I could if you could own I
can give you either Indies gun replica I
mean it's the exact one used in the
movies or Legolas in the boat okay no
I'll take a bow no or would you take the
Ghostbusters yeah have it already at all
also negative also you can buy like the
exact replicas of oh this is the real
boat what about latex Batman and Robin
mr. freeze freeze yeah yeah yeah
actually cold puns all the time that's
cooler three I'm so angry I can't even
talk
