ladies doing the fun day today today
we're gonna decorating a shirt design a
holiday shirt design okay we have rules
I made up the rules right here and I
made this cute little offensive image
right right Christy didn't do it I did
it right thank you very much this is my
idea and that Christy as I did write
this glad I have all the ideas great
thank you so lucky hello Phil we got a
fun day today we're celebrating the
holidays by making a newly designed
sweater I'm okay because what you just
said was we wanted to celebrate
Christmas by making the company money
usually cuz every other thing just cost
money so here's the rules we have teams
like we kind of do with the door
decorating contest and they have certain
set of rules to follow in the certain
design and then Brian's gonna do the
full design okay it's not Brian against
the world Brian yeah yeah he's a tool
that makes I just spit on my camera hold
on Brian's Brian's a tool yeah this is
good correct correct and then what
happened whatever sweater sells the most
is the winner where's my good what did
they get fully and figured it out what
do you you came up with the contest oh
actually
well yeah Christy didn't I did Oh Chris
no he didn't I did Christy what was your
idea for a gift so really only benefits
me but there's an aquarium in Long Beach
that does penguin encounters and you can
like feed penguins and hang out with him
and that is amazing the prize can be up
to the winner and it can be up to $500
but it can't be cash I want to be an
experienced but everyone has to agree
that I can participate last place gets
punished okay well we'll figure out what
that punishment is you have to make sure
everyone's awkward okay maybe I'll lose
a finger okay so so you got a pull what
did you write all right okay so each
sort gets like a color okay a sweater
it's a sweater right it's whatever shirt
what we're doing sweaters right okay
okay so I'm not doing a good job of
explaining this
okay cool so we're gonna pick you know
all a color and a stock image and you
have to stick to those things okay right
yes okay cool but there's no other rules
- all right and another roll is your
allow of raise of your choice up to ten
words and then you have to pick two
extra stock images of your choice so you
have your main image and then you have
two other images and then you have the
choice of a pattern border or no pattern
at all all right you ladies excited
sorry
very exciting excited ready down here
the cups
Oh cares cups okay guys here we go
we got to make this quick there's a
five-minute time limit so hold on roll
up you're picking color yeah pick a
color every sweater go for it black Oh
black and then what's your image oh man
oh man so next choice phrase up to ten
words my phrase is that no means now
kids are deep this is already okay no
means no no means snow or snow means
snow or snow means no no beans no means
no images okay okay it all came together
we're not completely alright Brian take
making his nose no border right do we
want a border no dude so that's the last
thing as if you would want some sort of
I don't know if you've seen like you
know Christmas motorcycle
we have little whistles with more of a
thought okay so Bell border a Bell
borders cool all right we got a black
sweater with two snowmen and then a
mistletoe and then a Bell border and and
you got your phrase of course no no no
one comes up in cool
all right Brian what are your thoughts
no that's gonna work it's gonna work all
right cool right you guys excited yeah
cool all right we got stopped this is a
lot gingerbread man what do you think
about all the cool thanks bull all right
we got five minutes to come up with so
we have a blues or okay and then we have
a gingerbread man okay and then what's
the phrase all right he's angry he's got
an attitude the texture says bite me
throw me in the oven I figure with the
dad idea was I like get baked with the
we leaf border how about happy
hi-oh days get it he's high dark blue
shirt gingerbread man weed leaf border
holding a candy cane and a joint and the
text says all right cool Brian weird
it's it's gonna it's gonna be great
quick sketch Oh
all right Brian when we're off to the
next one okay it's not a door is a
sweater contest no Joel I know you know
intelligence what made you think I was
until everyone thinks that Breanna and I
want to kill you but slowly you're
digging your own hole and your stupidity
is your shining so like no but I really
want to know what they do yeah
honestly at this point and our
relationship it's beyond me I think I
was just giving you the benefit ladies
right we're thinking John Mayer where's
my option okay you pick the color you
got to get five minutes best color ever
it is great oh that's better
it's such a festive color what don't be
sad about it and then you get to pick
the image like perfect green snow play
okay
Brian's writing that down okay so now we
have to pick a phrase I got it it's Phil
but he looks like a gangster and the
chain is a snowflake and the caption is
is you nasty or is you not yo team and
I'm not know those are busy that's such
a good idea now putting Phil on our
shirt we have to come up with something
original well you're saying Phil's
unoriginal Oh
Oh Blake have to be prominent in the
design so that that's the rule
got it so the shirt show you so their
shirt you know how it has like the chain
is like a part of the shirt so it's just
a shirt but the chain is like the print
and the chain is the snowflake you get
me and yeah so then there's a snowflake
chain and then there's also one that
says nest or we could do like Sam no I
don't know about Sam okay we get two
extra images Brian help us do a designer
creative input we can do is you nasty or
is you nice that's fine okay it's just a
little weird if it's like coming we get
another image we get two images great so
the border on nasty the S is a dollar
sign so the snowflake isn't a chain but
it's like instead of a graphic what we
can do that it can be snowflake where
you literally just ghost all at the top
and then she's like let's do this so
you're gonna green shirt creature then
you got what's your phrase is you nasty
or is you okay where's the snowflake
going there's Phil DeFranco working on
his own search design he doesn't need a
team I'm writing personalized thank-you
cards oh yes I'm a fuckin nice guy oh
look at that I really though
give me one feel for you know read me
one that you wrote when a person who's
in color
alright color right then you can pick
two additional images and abort what if
we just the wean into the road just make
it really bloody like really are you
gonna show blood on our red shirt so
what's your phrase you got pickup reason
it puts up online but they don't have
I'm sorry I'm spawning it runs my family
I'm no doctor but I'll take a look like
a tree or invented with like X's put the
X back in axis if we put our social tags
underneath and just say follows how
about a says repent for your stone
can we get a tree and it's surrounded by
shattered glass and it just has my balls
dropped Ryan and I were talking about
this earlier and he said he didn't want
to share that imply today
no he had a one-dog order of little yes
he wasn't a boarder of tiny little dicks
like to talk about mad would you call
them dick signals that implies it looks
like icicles but if you look into it
alright so you got a red shirt with the
tree and then for your two objects you
got two ornaments two broken ornaments
oaken balls which is dropped in the text
which reads my balls drop I think it'll
be a good t-shirt for all 13 year old
boys all right
Brian's doing a little mock-up good
depth right Brian will your what are
your thoughts on this Brian I think this
is by far the funniest one
hey Brian what's up Keith how's it going
man good how are you good I heard you
are done with your shirt designs I made
it somehow your days for sweaters you
know maybe give us a quick slideshow
yeah the first one is the research team
they did no means now what's the next
one the Edit Bay Hoos are sure this is
the big shirt yeah I'm not biased at all
this is Kristy and Hillary the merch
team is you nasty or is you nice last
group the production team they did my
balls dry little phallic but it's fun
and enjoyable and good for the entire
family
all right Brian you did excellent work
thank you may the best team win
I think I win no matter what because I
made one of them you mean all four troll
I made all four it all right Brian's
done all the designs you just check them
out Phil who do you thinks gonna win
which Drummond's akan is acti a room
that's a PA room yeah I feel like
there's just too many conflicting ideas
and PDFs blog of the room I'm gonna say
Christie's room I feel like there's
gonna be some sort of interesting
wordplay they're gonna be in the mindset
of merchandise I feel like the research
team is gonna go to nerdy or too
specific okay or like so ridiculous
that's how I know one thing
the Behe's are though are like a toss up
and you're just saying is blindly like
you haven't buying anything okay cool
but that said betting on who has the
best design or I guess who you want to
win that is a very expensive boat buy
the shirts that you actually want link
to that down below and good luck to
everyone all right Phil I'll see you
next time on are you are you Hank green
tonight see you next time bye
I think everybody hates me Phil yeah so
at what moment well you're like wow just
a really smart person just gonna leave
thanks for thanks for offending me
everybody
