sup nation I thought I'd make this
second channel video to show you guys
the new YouTube I think you're going to
be seeing it very soon YouTube's
undergoing maintenance and even if the
new YouTube layout does not come out
today I do imagine that it is going to
come out somewhat soon and in case
you're like I hate everything and I'm
gonna burn it with fire if that doesn't
work out for you you're most likely
going to want to try and figure out how
to deal with this new YouTube so I'm
gonna hold your hand first off welcome
to the new YouTube page for some reason
it's left-aligned and looks super weird
on any computer over 13 inches so I'm
going to close this ad here really not
sure why it's left to learn anyway the
things that you will notice is
everything looks weird but I'm gonna go
up up to down on this left menu tab
thingy so if I click sxephil that's my
channel name that I'm on right now and
for some reason in case I was wondering
what I did in the past I can scroll
through all the videos I watched and
liked and subscribed and blah blah blah
or I can click uploads if I want to for
some reason look at only my videos then
we have watch later watch History
playlist all of this seems to be putting
in the top left corner things that will
make it so that you stay on YouTube
longer I think a big part of what
YouTube's been trying to do is take the
the normal viewing experience under 10
minutes and putting it to like 30 plus
minutes because right now I think that
we're competing with TV that's what the
long term goal is to compete with
television but then messages and then
what to watch so once again this is the
actual YouTube homepage what you'll
notice is I get actual uploads I get
people liking favoriting adding to
playlists but a big big thing is that
after a few you get this thing called
recommended for you I think this is a
big YouTube push to somehow get people
that don't have a lot of subscriptions
once again I have a ton on this some
people that I haven't watched forever
but to get it so that you subscribe to
more channels a big percentage of people
that have YouTube accounts are only
subscribed to like 3 accounts and that's
craziness and I think that YouTube's
trying to push more content on people it
doesn't really work for me because all
of these recommendations are for
channels that I already watch one this
is mine I'm not sure
why I got recommended my own video then
Daily Grace videos I've actually seen
all these because she's amazing childish
gambino this one actually makes sense I
haven't seen this specific video and it
would make sense but as you can tell
there's a lot of recommendations that's
like oh wow that's several it kind of
takes over the feed and for someone that
has a lot of subscriptions that doesn't
make any sense whatsoever but if you
want to see only subscriptions hey click
my subscriptions gonna take you to the
social stream which really the only
difference it does is it doesn't have
YouTube recommendations so to actually
get only uploads you have to click twice
which i think is a bit silly but there
it is there that is then you have social
which I don't actually imagine anyone
using for a long time unless Google+
takes off hey Google I'm crossing my
fingers for you no no no I mean if that
was integrated with Twitter and Facebook
and I could see all of those that make
sense I have all my accounts connected
so I imagine if they do start showing
things that are shared by my friends
maybe they'll pop up there don't see the
point what I really do like what I think
is amazing about this is the
subscriptions box here right now I'm
like oh daily great source by Philly d2
bus cos mystery guitar man vlog brother
I'm like wow how'd they know that those
are the people that I watch like I watch
those people on a regular basis and that
is because this tiny little button which
I'm surprised is not getting more love
right there boom tiny little thing most
relevant is going to be like the
youtubers you watch the most new
activity if you want it to constantly
update like who put out a new video
source if I did that then mystery guitar
man did cue and fail my music show so
that's going in order and what's really
nice about that is that this stays with
you everywhere that's kind of the only
thing that I really really really really
do like about this page this guy on a
line point because you can't tell this
guy right here is going to stay with us
so if I want to see new videos I leave
it on new activity I'd never leave it on
A to Z that'd be stupid most relevant
and new activity makes the most sense
the thing I don't like here and I was
going to clear up my subscriptions
because I haven't updated them in a very
very long time and I thought ooh
is going to show me all my subscriptions
I want to be able to delete them and
mass and then you know clean it up to
only the people i watch not true if i
want to unsubscribe to this channel or
several of them i can't for some reason
on the actions it's not most subscribed
so you just have to go here click it
tada so you have to do it one at a time
but you can just go through and i'm not
going to do that because that would be
extremely rude to do that to a lot of
the youtubers I'm about I'm about to
unfollow but you can also select email
with new uploads' that's a big thing
that I think a lot of youtubers don't
utilize and it's very nice especially
with how much of a clusterfuck the
subscription box is and then show
uploads only in feed that's if you only
want one or the other but we go from
there
to perhaps something that is new
actually the channel pages are
completely the same but if I click on
let's say this video this links to a
video that's in a playlist so what
you'll see here is all the videos in
this playlist the playlist being uploads
only show up right here so it's very
nice if you haven't watched a show in a
while you can always click on one of
those and then you can stay you just
keep clicking that button go to
different videos it's very nice very
very nice and once again the guide
follows you if you click it so if I came
to YouTube and i watched a Tobuscus
video all of a sudden I'm like oh but
Daily Grace posted new video I know that
without having to go to my home page
that is honestly one of the only nice
things a big change here is also a lot a
lot of everything changed here the the
title is underneath here's my name here
are the videos the subscribes down here
all the stuff is down here what I also
don't like is for some reason they don't
have a view all comments button you can
still get to it but it's very very
annoying so everyone gets a picture so
update your picture but right now you
can only go ten at a time
not sure where the view all button is
it's not there yet
it needs to be up above regular
description type stuff trying to think
if there's anything notable on this page
ad goes down here if you go fullscreen
you get that we could watch a video
without playlist doesn't change
much so we go to up to uploaded videos
and go to the main channel boom boom is
so exciting and if I click on will go to
browse videos that's the only way to see
something without playlist let's say we
launched Black Friday 1 right so let's
see know what's also nice once again
guide is here and more from the philip
defranco show so if you don't come in
with a playlist you have this little
handy dandy tinker toy thingy right here
and that's really that's really
everything the bane rating I would give
this changes I don't know I mean I think
there's still a good amount of tinkering
to do I don't I do think that it is
stupid that you have to click twice to
just see uploads I think that's insanity
I think that there should be something
simple like how there's what to watch my
subscription social there should
probably just be just videos or
something along those lines so that it
only takes one click I feel like that's
a rule of the internet if you can make
it happen in one click why the hell
aren't you doing that the fact that the
subscription goes everywhere on the site
is massive but the front page is a bit
broken there is also they go to Browns
right now there's no button for it
there's usually a browse but at the top
but this is what the Browns page looks
like it's Auto generated by YouTube as
it says here you could subscribe to
popular on YouTube but you're gonna get
spammed like a beast and then you see
the videos here now once again this has
been a problem for YouTube over the past
six to nine months and has resulted in
massive view loss for casual youtubers
and that is the most viewed or I'm sorry
the most popular on YouTube does not
update one week six days one week six
days three days how you congratulations
but that that is that I hope that helped
you in some way I'm still learning some
of the some of the things here and there
and and hopefully they if they do put
this out this week or next week I hope
it looks a lot nicer because yeah there
are good things but I feel like it kind
of adds to the clusterfuck but we'll see
main point I love your faces if you
haven't watched PDS today do it but
that's probably why you're here
I talked about this video in the PBS
