so after yesterday's blog I read a
comment that said Phil you're not an
empty vessel that can't be loved no was
like oh my god that's exactly me no not
really but I thought I was like that was
a very specific thing to say that I
didn't say the main point I think that
yesterday was just really getting out
that negative feeling so that I can move
forward I think and also to the people
that I knew were gonna say they were
like sounds like a sounds like a quarter
life crisis will one it's probably like
a third of your life crisis I'm not
gonna live I'm not gonna live to be
rebooted boo boo boo ya a hundred plus
years now not gonna happen i'm dying 60
to 70 also i kind of hope it happens so
in the future they say he predicted his
death within a decade that's impressive
not really at all but anyway um i also
saw a lot of comments Phil nice house
I'm renting it's not that nice i'm
hoping to move soon but i did want to
show you the office i know that's one of
the most requested things it is kind of
in shambles because everyone's getting
ready to head home for thanksgiving and
yeah so my office that I am literally
pretty much never end there's a desk
that I never used I tried no desks I
sometimes use or at least try to that
and also apparently booze bottles I
don't know whoo there you go folks in
the wrong way there you go big and ooh
so you go out of here and then you go
into the editing room that is where
Darren and Maddie usually work Maddie
you guys know used to edit the the PDS a
lot now Darren is the main editor for
that they chill in what we call the fish
tank this room the giant giant Blue Room
is Reese on all our politics stuff and
now we're kind of just figuring out what
the hell to do with it then I'm going to
bother this guy real fast so don't get
James hafner and it's very nice office
the only office that actually looks nice
in here very very impressive very
impressive James producer oh no source
fight then I don't know if anyone's in
this room right next door is the
sourcefed room and everyone's gone
everyone's gone that is the whiteboard
Oh doom that's how they know how much
work they have to do I hope there's not
anything secret on that board and knock
down this wall recently so that they
have room to breathe and they're not all
sweaty on each other
in here we have some old-ass computers
that we're going to replace soon for
2013 a bunch of the stuff that you guys
send them at their p.o.box make up for
Elliott Morgan clothes and wigs for
Elliott Morgan and this for when people
hopefully don't have sex in here then we
come out here oh hey I'm putting a
camera on people oh hey people that have
camera on these guys are nameless
interns otherwise known but how about
you guys are say your name and there's
Audrey listening to music and are
watching pornography then oh I almost
skipped some rooms we just we just made
two new rooms and here is a the room
Maddie has set up that is all about
recording gameplay so we have this and
this honestly we need to get we're gonna
probably swap these out for smaller
monitors because I cannot play first
person shooter thanks but no one took my
notes this is where we record it it's a
it's really just a clusterfuck of cables
it's just just a nightmare then we have
what you guys probably know as the movie
club room which is here this will
probably yeah oh this is a we're playing
this today and so just so you know
that's my score because he is the most
overpowered person in this game fact now
you know now you know and we're gonna
speed this part up
Oh bathroom kitchen bathroom let me go
by the wall of memories oh oh we haven't
actually updated this in a while then we
move on to the emetic with then we move
on to the for human people's area this
is a where essentially we're making all
the merchandise I teased it in the show
today don't worry I'm just talking
myself the camera I teased it in the
show today but they're prepping for the
the cyber monday sale as you see yeah
you guys would be so busy isn't that
exciting isn't that exciting oh hey
grizzy so just preppin just everybody no
no no and then God just keeps continuing
there we go but but I have above same
stuff same stuff same stuff same stuff
some stuff then we have the the lovely
SourceFed editors Lennon drew hello oh
there's Darren I was just talking about
you Darren sick but he won't leave
because he wants get everyone sick and
also because everyone's home but luckily
Darren's an orphan he has no family or
friends he stays here in edits they love
you wait then we go and here there's
just random storage which was cleared
out it was a clusterfuck and then I'm
gonna die in this room there's always
the most dangerous room to enter please
God oh no no no I am right this is that
a slice bedroom that's it SourceFed room
and up and boxes because leniently short
now you know everything now yeah
everything
