it's interesting because I'm holding the
camera today and for some reason that
makes me feel like this is the first
time we've talked in a while I think
it's because it's what I used to do when
I used to hold a 5d in my hands walk
around with you talk speak words and
that was in my mind me connecting to you
but on the PDS when I put you on a
tripod and I turn on the lights I turn
off the AC so the sound is good I feel
like it's a shell but free right here
it's me and you it's me and you against
worlds or you against the world with me
cheering on the sideline or something
but these words have been stuck in my
head for a little bit and it's not about
anything in particular but I think that
this feeling in my brain it's not
depression I think it's fear fear of
being complacent fear of having
succeeded and then feeling like I'm a
walking gatekeeper people see me as
access to something that they want not
saying that they think I'm going to use
that guy but I fear that sometimes
that's all I offers sometimes that's how
I feel I know that that's not reality
but reality is perception so how I
perceive the event is kind of my reality
yeah just want to throw that it out into
the world
