hello nation welcome to the new special
Sunday show thingy that we're trying on
my name of course is philip defranco and
this is hi I'm Elliott Morgan good to
see you look really nice today he's from
SourceFed and also when we're not making
videos Elliott's probably the guy that I
go to most just talk about stuff that's
on the site yeah oh yeah we try not to
strangle each other whenever we're
having discussions
I'm just do void of emotion so I can
talk about things it's great or at least
he just hides a deep inside and hates me
inside that's what my therapist says
like if you bottle all of your emotions
and then just lash out once like every
five years you're good so perfect likes
but essentially what the sunday show is
we're taking the top five most popular
most talked about most shared stories
from SourceFed calm that's where we post
everything that we talk about and we
talk about what we think talk about what
you guys think and I think we should
just jump into it straight with this
video the blow-up on Friday and that was
a surprisingly from the website
WorldStarHipHop that scum best site ever
trashiest site in the world I've made it
my new homepage essentially it's called
bus driver uh poker uppercuts girl it's
as amazing as the title leads you to
believe okay
oh oh you know what actually after
watching that I think bus driver is
completely in the right I love that the
third the thing he says right before he
punches her is you go to jail
yeah every fight I've seen in person
other than a professional fight always
ends up like this yes scuffle but you've
never seen it would skate I mean uh when
I clicked on the youtube link the top
comment was that was the most satisfying
video I've seen in years that's exactly
how I felt let me ask you would you hit
would you I've talked about this during
light like a my DeFranco does Dublin
thing if someone's coming at me yeah or
attacks me bitch going down sorry
yes you just upgraded yourself to man
otherwise no sure no I've never hitting
a woman I think the only thing that
would freak me out about hitting a woman
is like what if she won it was a big one
and I make that decision way you're grew
boobs to who take you out I mention
they're taking me out and then for the
rest of my life I will know that was the
worst decision ever I can't blame
somebody for doing what you keep this
guy did in his position but I can't say
that I would do the same thing I would
probably just be a but I probably bitch
oh yeah personally I probably bet Jenna
but I get it he did not and also this
week Esquire magazine released who they
think is the sexiest woman alive and
they went with Mila Kunis thoughts I'm
not gonna kick Mila Kunis out of bed the
internet being the Internet many people
were like she's not the hottest person
in the world I cannot fault them for
giving Mila Kunis this honor I think
yeah I mean I said it in the video I've
been a longtime supporter missus Kunis
I'm happy to see that she's getting the
recognition she deserves I certainly if
she wanted to come on SourceFed I would
welcome her with open arms and open
other things I don't even know what that
means as fast as possible three women
sexier than Mila Kunis oh I I'm Natalie
Portman Oh Jennifer Lawrence Oh Alison
Brie he didn't even say his wife this is
the guy this is the guy they didn't even
say his wife let's do a retake of that
so um I I am married I'm happily married
you are happily taken as well taken your
happily at Leeson's looking for me oh
yeah I think it brings up an interesting
talk whenever you you have guys who have
other half I'd be like you're so
flabbergasted
I just threw you under the bus it's like
looking at a flower like there are
pretty things in the world and I have my
flower and I love my flower and I it's
my favorite flower and it's a beautiful
flower but that doesn't stop me from
appreciating other flowers and
occasionally walking up behind them and
smelling them like these things happen
all the time
the next up we have a teen girl has
stomach removed because she drank liquid
nitrogen you guys covered this story
yeah yeah but were freaking out about it
apparently she was at her 18th birthday
consumed a drink
yeah the nitrogen does the cocktails
like one of the specialty cocktails
we're like they probably cost like
$50.00 yeah I would buy it
honestly if Sauron had it I would
consume it in hard because I'm an ad
like that but yeah it she drank it she
drank it quickly and then she was
diagnosed with my new favorite medical
problem perforated stomach she had her
stomach removed the tubes that are
attached to her stomach were tied
together now Jessie you slowly and take
vitamins for the rest of your life my
favorite comment on it you definitely
you definitely part of the the nation or
source but uh well revenge is a dish
best served cold
hey hey Alyssa Paige Woodard says still
a smarter decision than butt chuggin yet
another thing but butt chuggin it I love
the belief that if you are going to but
chug you can't be allowed about chug
yeah it's a free country
yeah there it is I mean I'm more of a
country girl but a nation guy Dylan
Sandler says does the term Yolo work in
this situation yeah I think you all that
works for everything man I gotta get $20
on the ATM I ran out of cash Yolo see it
makes it doesn't make any sense
they brought a milk Yolo is there's more
of a period for me now Parenthood was
really good tonight Yolo I should be
laughing but I can't help then we had
these story I was probably the most
shocked about the most honest man in the
world like the a the cab driver who
returned two hundred twenty one thousand
dollars to to the guy that left it in a
laptop bag and in the back of his no I
would not have done it I said that a
video I would have run away how to made
up a crazy ass story to get away with it
what would you do
oh yeah but I asked you because it might
be the same but I feel like you have a
better moral
but part of me thinks I would return it
just because I would be so intimidated
by that amount of money that amount of
money as a noun like looking at it
freaks me out I can't fathom it it's too
much not being said I feel like the
right thing to do is to return it I
guess but then I feel like it begs the
question like for one if I were to
return it I don't think I'd feel that
great about myself I don't think I'd
walk around for like the next month like
your turn turned in $220,000 right
because for the rest of my life anytime
I had any financial problem I would look
back and go oh crap this would not have
been a problem Hannah kept that money
something Steve said Steve feels anxious
and guilty about everything you don't
know that Steve you can't challenge a
video butterfly is he's very gentle
person gasps oh my but he was like I
would return it but the thing that would
confuse me about my life is then anytime
like a family member would have needed
like a surgery that they couldn't have
isn't like that you'd be like yeah and I
was looking through the comments most of
the people were it was like 50/50 I
think the thing a lot of people agreed
on was that the guy getting his money
back when he gave that two thousand
dollar tip a lot of people said he was
cheap that it's I agree with that yeah I
guess once he returned the money which
is an amazing thing that God gave him
like a 1% tip that's terrible dude come
on
you lost $220,000 mean yeah you gonna
gotten screwed over I would rather
somebody didn't give me anything than
give me 1% okay so you've done cab
drivers and bus drivers and sexy ladies
I think we are going to end however on a
very somber note Amanda Todd is a girl
who released a video that has gone
largely viral since a past couple of
days because she posted about a month
ago a month after posting and she
committed suicide basically in the video
she goes through she has like pieces
paper and she tells her old story about
how she was bullied and the whole
process she went through moving from
town to town moving in with her dad
moving with her mom and then kind of the
effects of bullying following her
throughout the year and it culminates
basically with her at first attempting
suicide by drinking bleach and then
failing and then other people using
Facebook and cyberbullying in addition
to actual bullying and actually beating
her out they would post pictures of
Clorox bottles and I hope she dies and I
hope she's more successful it's a
horrible horrible story and it's
something that I think makes me sort of
put everything and
perspective a little bit from when I was
a kid because I've had people ask me if
I was bullied and then the definition of
bullying kind of like has changed a lot
but this is like next-level bullying
this is the type of stuff that just
makes me sad for Earth it goes from one
very simple mistake to just escalating
not what was a mistake
you were saying well it basically says
in seventh grade she made a mistake that
a lot of people make when they're young
she basically was on a webcam and
somebody was like hey I would like you
to flash me and she did and then that's
when all this started and they look at
that picture and they threatened her
with it and they spread it and they just
completely ruined her life and you know
for for me is like a 25 year old it's a
little bit different because I can step
away from all that right when you're in
the thick of it like at that age I can't
fathom it it's insane no and I mean that
was one of the reasons I posted last
week and we talked about last week about
that that video of the the news anchor I
think it's great that she's trying to
bring awareness to bullying but that
wasn't but you look at this mmm right
which is fucking crazy bullying and then
you look at that and you're like no
right sorry lady that's not even that's
not even triple AAA compare dogs may
believe you can't compare what I want to
end this that or at least this story on
is I have dealt with depression both
myself and other people I know suicide
is a solution but it is a permanent
solution to a temporary problem it may
seem like it will always be like this
and you know people make the videos it
gets better it does it still gets shitty
later on but it's all temporary and
there's no reason to take that crazy
permanent step yeah and I think another
thing too when you start getting into
the thick of things with like well they
make fun of me because of my way they
make fun of me because of the way I look
I was made fun of a lot when I was a kid
because shockingly I looked young weird
no but like it was a big thing and I
feel like it comes to a point where you
have to recognize that like you are more
than the sum of like your features or
your more than some of your situation
right so if you happen to be skinny
young looking old looking fat black
white yellow green whatever your
identity is more than what you look like
or what your stances are whatever your
sexual orientation is or religion or
anything but guys I really think that
that does it for this this top five
there was funny there was sexy that was
sad in the comments down below a video
response your opinion your comments on
any of the things that we talked about
anything that you found most interesting
or
fact to you the most yeah there's no
love early but if you guys enjoy this
hit the hit the like button maybe we'll
do it again next week I think you're
awesome if you want to check out more of
Elliot you can check them one or two
places source festival and then your
personal channel youtube.com slash
Elliott Morgan it's a very creative name
I don't know how you came up about Anna
I'm pretty genius I'm a birth
certificate but guys that's really hit
this course as always a my name is
philip defranco you've just been phill'd
in I love the old faces and I'll see you
tomorrow bye I'm just gonna keep kissing
you oh no I'm sorry oh okay
