hello nation so on top of talking about
the news and giving my opinion on it one
of my favorite things about scouring the
web is just learning random facts that I
can then repeat to other people and
sound smart now granted I am NOT smart
but thanks to subreddits like today I
learned and just vast amounts of
Internet resources I can fake it and so
can you so today I would like to
introduce a new video segment I like to
call completely true but also randomly
what the fuck things you can repeat and
make people think that you're smart
segments and the first thing I wanna
talk about today is Mount Everest
otherwise known as Coleman Langner
believes that means mother of the
universe and in Tibetan it means goddess
mother of the snow it's a very
interesting fact about Mount Everest
where that the original surveyors lied
about the height of the mountain they
had found it to be 29,000 feet exact and
they were like let's add two feet
because no one's going to believe us so
they went back and said Mount Everest is
29,000 two feet now even though it's
been found that it's actually 29,035
feet it goes to show you fact sometimes
the truth just seems like a lie when I
tell you that I have no idea what live
Jazmin calm is but maybe it popped up
when I was searching up you know Pokemon
stats said I learned that the world's
oldest backpacker has been traveling
around the globe for 30 years and he's
an amazingly interesting man by the name
of John Waite when John's wife died in
1982 he decided to leave his adopted
home of Melbourne and just travel he
didn't go crazy like sell his house and
break ties with his family and friends
like he just decided that the world
should be his home he travels very light
that's the backpack part of the
backpacker title and he stays at youth
hostels John story is very inspiring and
definitely worth a read and the links
down below and something I was
disappointed I didn't know about was the
New York Times or an individual article
for every victim on September 11th 2001
not only does it honor these people but
it takes a very big terrible thing and
brings it down to an individual human
level and I want to read one just from
random Christopher J Blackwell lived
life on the edge he was interested in
anything that was dangerous his mother
Francis Allen said he was born with no
sense of fear when he was little he
would swim underwater before he would
swim on top of it my other three
children were a lot easier a fireman for
20 years he was assigned to rescue
company 3 in the South Bronx he was a
specialist in collapsed buildings and
gave lectures on the topic to
firefighters across the country like
many of his colleagues he had a genetic
connection to his profession his uncle
had been a captain in the New York Fire
Department and his father and
grandfather were both policemen when he
was out on the job firefighter Blackwell
42 devoted his time to his wife Jane and
their three children Alexandra was 15
Ryan 13 and Samantha
didn't care where we were going or what
we were doing miss Blackwell said when
he wasn't working the one to spend time
with the family did a high-risk job but
firefighter Blackwell wasn't reckless
his wife said he loved doing what he did
his mother added he lived and died with
purpose then a story that shocked me but
then instantly did not shock me was that
between 1995 and 2000 the monopoly
McDonald's you know board game piece
most of those main prizes were won
fraudulently in 2000 the monopoly
promotion had to be halted because the
FBI uncovered a huge fraud scheme and
here's the way the story goes a
subcontracting company by the name of
Simon marketing is hired by McDonald's
to handle all the promotion and and do
everything as far as the Monopoly game
the company fails realize a flaw on
their procedures which allows the chief
of security Jerome Jacobson to just take
all the really big pieces and give them
to his associate
so between 1995 and 2000 his associates
won most of the prizes which came out to
around 24 million dollars so the FBI
uncovers that people get in trouble and
even though it is reportedly not
McDonald's at all like they perpetrated
nothing they voluntarily tried to
rectify the situation by giving five
$1,000,000 prizes to legitimate winners
and 50 $100,000 prizes over a course of
five days which I will say very classy
move McDonald's but easily the most
classy thing to ever happen in
McDonald's Monopoly game history in 1995
someone anonymously sent a game winning
pieces for 1 million dollars to a st.
Jude Children's Hospital in Memphis
Tennessee it was such a grand gesture
McDonald's actually waived the rules
that you're not allowed to transfer
prizes to allow this that's easily one
of my favorite and then the fast ones
the average teacher salary in
Switzerland in 2010 was one hundred
twelve thousand dollars a year
pennies are so efficient they can
rehydrate by drinking seawater North
Korea the number of Internet users is
605 every year Louis Vuitton burns all
their unsold bags and finally Robert
Downey jr. claims a Burger King saved
his life during a stop by burking in
2003 with a car full of quotes tons of
fucking dope and he ate the burger and
he found it so disgusting he questioned
where his life was headed which resulted
in him throwing all his drugs into the
ocean and then finally I did not know
the name of the woman or the number but
in case you were wondering Lisa Sparks
has the world record for most partners
in one day with 919 men and that
happened October 16th
2004 in Warsaw Poland I imagine under
the banner world records are like
vaginas they're meant to be broken
nation now you know those things for
some reason so in the comments down
below
what did you find the most interesting
and - if there is an interesting fact
that you would want me to share in the
future let me know in the comments down
below or a video response maybe if you
guys like this new video segment we make
it a thing
