it's way too worried to be here so i'm
going slightly crazy i woke up at three
in the morning and now it's four o'clock
i'm at the office why am I here well to
answer my own singsong question i would
say i am here because well one my daddy
squirted me into my mama and two i have
a lot of work to do and i was one of
those guys for a little bit that was
complaining there's not enough there's
not enough time in the day there aren't
enough hours so i read more hours and by
that i mean i converted hours of sleep
and relaxation and happiness and in
thoughts of caressing kelly brook with
my mouth in my dreams not in real life
because i'm a faithful person nation how
dare you assume things about me that you
have no idea page true or not in my
dreams but i didn't really give myself
more hours i can i converted those hours
i think i already said that i'm going
crazy is what i'm doing but yeah i'm
trying this thing called the the siesta
nap schedule if you've ever heard of the
siesta maybe you know what it is or you
think it's a party I don't know but it's
where you get like essentially like four
to five hours of sleep at night and then
in the middle of the day you try and
sneak in a one hour nap I don't know if
that's going to work I'm hoping it does
otherwise by three o'clock I'm gonna
look shittier than I do now which I'm
not really a fan of at all but that's
right i mean really really try it also
i'm in early because we're doing a spot
for bing specifically bring it on today
this isn't this isn't a sponsored video
nation the pds today though will be
sponsored and yeah essentially the way I
see this back this frequently asked
question how do you integrate sponsors
in a show when people keep calling you
edgy risque bruh-bruh bruh-bruh all
those words mean Philip speaks his mind
which I understand too many is scary
that's why a part of most every contract
we have is that whoever whoever doing it
with one I have to like or be intrigued
by the product i'm actually and i am
very excited by it by today's thing
because it is so new and it's a fun way
to test yourself and i want to get that
too
but they have to be fine with whatever
we talk about because you know my show
is my show I have to talk about what i
find interesting I can't just not talk
about something I mean it's the reason
why I've never really left my show I've
just created new ones where we can say
whatever the hell we want so in doing
the spot they have to approve it before
the video goes up and then I make the
rest of my show which unfiltered blah
blah blah blah blah oh it's nine hours
later and now I'm in obviously my office
and not Maddie's room um so yeah I was
filming the video was gonna be up early
and then I was on a phone call than in a
meeting then I was filming that I was
researching that I was refilling I was
doing at his job in here it is nine
hours later so the main thing what this
isn't the best video in the world but I
want to put something up where I'm just
talking to you hello person and I'm not
just carrying on a phone cuz I'm talking
me when it's not about politics or just
the terribleness in the world just me
vomiting words at a camera that land
into your eyeball radius room so with
that being said a few things one I want
to let you know Movie Club probably
gonna be back I don't know if it's gonna
be on this channel or SourceFed might do
it on source by because I think it'll be
more fun and that's where we last had it
too I really want to do the the book
club stuff a three thank you to all of
you that join kiva.org using my link
last time because it gave us like
there's tons of money that we could we
could loan out to people and in
countries who really really needed the
money it was amazing before like what
what is it is there anything else I
think that's it um oh and i'm about to
play video game and maybe i'll share the
video with you if it doesn't suck all
the balls every single one maybe even
some of the decks main point i love your
face I love your face in your face yeah
