sup nation welcome to the sunday show a
thing I do every now and then where I
about people in the faces from this week
so congratulations to Monday Tuesday
Wednesday and Thursday thank you for
being a part of the conversation and of
course I think the ladies of the nation
for sending in pictures to the nation is
sexy at gmail.com with like Philly D
gear writing hi nation on themselves or
on a side we would like to join the
ranks of the ladies featured in the
videos or on the website Philly don t be
where I post the full galleries link to
that down below do all the things that I
previously just mentioned and on this
sunday show instead of answering your
questions which by the way in the
comment section down below if you have a
question you want me to answer ask it
there or send in a video response I
might respond there but instead of me
doing that today I decided to to show
you me just kind of fucking around the
office I don't know I don't know why I
showed you it's really it's just a waste
of your time but it's an awesome waste
of your time also I hit mark in the face
so it's probably worth it
I want to
some get a little height and then you
double cat
now the big thing for me is going to
have to be like remembering to navigate
with this screen and not by eyesight
and
Boop made it through I made it through
the frame
yeah
you can
very significant
I accidentally double-d's after the
second
it would take too much time to stagger s
like dude yeah I think I think I just
cuz it'll take too long to set up like
an actual obstacle course so you should
just use people okay so because we don't
actually have cones create an obstacle
course I have taken these space five
cubits volunteers you know waivers on
everyone except patients or games or
game good the idea is is to go around in
a finder I go over here we do this this
is what's gonna be tricky you were
closer to the wall last time yeah I got
into this I think we should probably
Circle Robin yeah and then and then I
will try and light it
establish control
here
right
there you go we got it
kind of my face that's alright
your pleasure
Oh
so Evan idea we cut it when I do the
flip in the hit land and then you just
make it slo-mo and then it cuts to be
going
