I don't think anything's in my teeth
stop nation I thought I'd make a quick
vlog because we were chilling here in
the PBS deFrank open up the editing room
and we were looking at a lot of comments
like why did Phil grab that dudes hair
his head at the end and he like ran his
his hands through it is what's the
relationship there and the easy answer
that is during the the record-breaking
game of ninja you haven't seen it linked
annotation Budda Budda he won like he
won just to make it like to this if it's
me and someone else that person wins and
and so he I was like you know what if if
you win I'll pimp you out if you lose
you have to give me something and this
was his response
if I lose philip defranco can shave my
head bald
my strategy win if you have not seen the
ninja video uh this is how the final
fight fight went down
and so then I had to shave his head and
even though even though he did lose
because he made the video of that much
more interesting and I actually liked
his videos he's really is really
interesting go to youtube.com slash
gears and hey well no no annotation this
isn't a soup kitchen of Internet
annotation stay in the description but
this is what I look what it looked like
when I maimed his face hey I'm Adam
Roach I played a game of ninja I just
couldn't win and I'm Philip DeFranco is
about to shave my head
but yeah nation that's it
I just wanted to wanted to clear that up
for you and also say hi I love your
faces thank you for watching my show and
also thinking that Robin is an asshole
it's okay
Robin you're an asshole stop being an
asshole on camera it's ridiculous I love
Robin just not with my hands what does
that even mean that you know I'm gonna
believe like I love I believe like
hunter abend there you go I just wanted
you to say it Robin just not with my
hands
