yeah we go no nation it's Monday night
to be 50 to 70,000 Abby that is still on
this person the channel hello I just
want to say hey and talk to you about
things that maybe aren't news and and
just kind of Babel because for the first
time in a very long time I have more
things in my head that I have said and
that was one of the reasons that I
create the first personal channel in the
first place rather than showing you my
boring-ass life and so right now on my
mind i have a1 liquor in my brain which
feels good but at the same time tomorrow
i think that i'm going to try to stop
all substances entering my body not not
because i feel like they are out of
control but because i feel like i just
need to test myself in the same sort of
way that i originally tested juicing
drinking juices instead of just eating
food i just want to see if i can do it
just kind of kind of give myself a
checkup a test which actually along the
lines of the juicing i am doing great
right now fluctuating between 210 215
pounds which is great because when we
start started product lose an Olsen twin
I was 236 pounds and I feel great but at
the same time I haven't been exercising
a lot doing resistance training anything
of that sort and so I don't feel like
I've been gaining muscle but I
definitely have been losing weight i
I've noticed a lot of the comments which
have made me feel really good people
saying that I look much thinner
specifically on the other SourceFed live
video people are like wow feel so thin
and honestly that was the only reason
that I kept that video up because you
guys well not you guys some were very
mean about the sourcefed crew and I was
like I want to take this down but I'm
getting so many
it's which is a very selfish reason to
keep that up but uh but yeah I mean I
I'm doing really well I want to start
either insanity or p90x I kind of feel
like I want to do uh insanity because I
want to feel like you know I'm building
up endurance ladies not just just cuz I
haven't tried it and I have done p90x
for a month at a time but now that i'm
actually eating healthy sans this liquor
that i am drinking right now i think i
think i'm gonna mess around with that
but in general feel pretty good I mean I
mean recently there's been like random
hate online which I haven't experienced
probably since the the ISA the comic
incident which if you don't remember
that was when ASA who is very nice
gentleman was misled by another
gentleman that said that I called some
body and had his account I think was
turned off it's been such a long time
and then recently there was this kid
well no I keep saying kid he looks so
young and so it throws me off but I
guess he's at he's a a 20-something guy
i guess i don't know i consider anyone
younger than me kid and it's not a
detrimental term but um but yeah so he
says I feel body I always like I did I
did I didn't bod I was like wait I mean
I understand youtubers back that they
did bought but I was like I stuck to
like talking about hot girls and using
their pictures with the thumbnails which
is completely within the limits of terms
of service I was like and then I started
including including my friends marina
orlova hotforwords in my videos randomly
so that I could use her sexiness
my thumbnails but yeah it's always
something I talk about but people in the
eye are so passionate even well I'll get
correction people on the internet are
often passionate and a lot of the time
misinformed so so there was that and
then generally everything else has been
good for the most part there was a
comment in an sxephil video that I
wanted to dress someone was like filled
you compared gay rights to female rights
to race rights that's not the same thing
and I understand where people are coming
from because they're coming from place
like you know race and sexual preference
are different things and in my mind
sexual preference is something that we
can't control like I love vagina because
I love to join I can't control that I
can't think you know what would be
really interesting penis I can't I can't
do that so I always see like gays women
black people or judge general race as
something that you can't control that
you were there you were born with that
you shouldn't go like oh man I wish I
could switch that up like that you
should just own and be who you are so so
that was something and something that's
not even about gay rights I think it's
more along the lines of be who you are
be who you are there's really there's
not much to expand on because I mean
people people over to kill you for how
you have an opinion or or being who you
are but you just I mean you can only be
the best you that you can be and there's
nothing wrong with just being that I'm
not the best mean that I can be I mean I
don't think anyone's the best them that
they can be I think that's what you
always aim to achieve and you will
always fall short which i think is
completely fine because if you don't
something to aim for then what's the
point of you breathing oxygen I feel
like there is none but but that's just
me I don't know that's just mean Randall
E on Monday night I have three shows to
go in a very very busy week so I'm gonna
I'm gonna leave you but I just want to
say hello again I love your faces I got
it I got a new laptop so I imagine that
these these lungs will happen more
frequently now that my shit won't be
freezing every 20 minutes but uh yeah
that's really it Olivia faces and yeah
there's I don't know I don't know
there's no question of the day they're
just mean kind of verbally vomiting
towards this camera this little tiny
wide-angle thing yeah anyways I love
your faces i'll talk to you soon and
yeah
