Oh sup guys it is Friday more
importantly day 5 of plots project lose
an Olsen twin or you know I got like two
emails saying it was offensive to people
with anorexia because i was calling it
that so if you would like and you don't
want to call it project lose an Olsen
twin you're more than welcome to call it
project don't be a fatass philip
defranco type person i don't really care
what you call the whole the whole point
is whether it's anorexia or overeating
which is what i would i normally do I'm
an emotional eater it's bad it's a bad
deal and so I kind of just try and bring
humor to it so that we can be like oh
that is messed up let me just I don't
know eat like a normal person and not be
a lazy piece of shit so that's that's
really all it is in this video is really
just to bring you up to date on a bunch
of stuff i mean with plot we're on day 5
i'm back to uh to actually eating Whole
Foods you know if most of you know that
for the first four days I kind of just
juiced and that is just you know juicing
veggies juicing fruits and stuff like
that and just drinking that and that
cleared out my my stomach it made me
feel re-energized a third day was
definitely the hardest the third day was
the day I woke up just like I want
chicken wings I'm like shaky wings for
breakfast in my body was just like
craving salt fat grease and that was
probably the hardest day but i think
really getting through that day and then
day for is really what what it was what
just showed me like you know if you
don't have to succumb to every single
urge you know you have you you have a
choice even though you know your brains
like do it do it and so that now is the
big accomplish you should i'm susan
accomplishment for me i've also a bunch
of smaller changes like one i'm not
using a chair anymore i'm using raw this
ball alright and so just so i read all
these things about how it's good for
your posture and good for your core just
to work that all the time you know good
for my vagina muscle
uh also something that went along with
that I got a few sets of weights which
is nice you know hold these while you do
lunges at it at to do squats luckily
though the only good thing about being
fat is it's it's your own weight fit
people fit people have to wear those
bands that add 50 pounds to their body
and make them exhaust when they run fat
people we already got that it's called
our body um but yeah so I'll use this
ball for posture but in the middle of
the day what I've been doing is all free
up 30 to 60 minutes to do some
resistance stuff I have a lot of time
I'll also go out for a walk starting to
jog since I'm feeling like I have more
energy plus i forgot to mention since
the five days have gone i have i have
pushed out we're gotten right up a 10
pounds so far this morning i weighed
myself i was a 2 26.6 i started at to
36.8 if i remember correctly and yeah i
don't know it's just been eating healthy
I think the energy comes from the
general eating healthy but you know just
having the stuff in front of me so I can
be like oh I'm not I got 30 minutes and
wood and two and slow controlled and
then something that's really helped me
because I've woken I woke up really sore
has been oh what's up hey roll there hey
except uh have you ever used one of
these because the best thing in the
world especially when you start working
out you're like why is my body hurts so
much get a roller like a good rolling
out like a five-dollar roller and oh my
gad knots out of yo legs I last thing I
want to say about plot before I jump on
to any other updates is you know I had a
lot of support in the beginning I way
more support than I thought you guys
we're gonna give me right in the
beginning and that's not that's not
about you particularly it's just people
on the internet a bunch of them are
assholes so a lot of people supported me
then when I was like oh I've started
getting actual like successes people
were like oh no my way is blah blah I'm
not I'm not pushing my way onto anyone
my personal thing was I'm a juice for
four days because
I just want if I want my stomach to
maybe slightly shrink I want to feel
what it's like to not be have a food
baby in my belly all the time and and
really just to just re reinvigorate
myself and show myself that I could do
something I've slowly been putting Whole
Foods back in my bunny which but it's
like the right food so it's like chicken
you know just grilled chicken along with
like black beans right really good 45
we're really good for protein I'll put
some like pico de guy or something if
i'm like craving craving flavor and and
it's good i had salmon for dinner and my
whole thing is and it's what I said what
five days ago was you know just do what
you can I mean change is not going to be
easy overall the really hard part is
going to be cut is going to come when I
hit that week where I plateau I know
that's going to come it's happened in
the past and it's about sticking with it
what I'm saying is start off easy so
that it's not the worst thing in the
world like if you are going to juice
don't go straight to super green juice
go and get like stuff that has fruit in
it stuff that actually tastes good so
that you can slowly work your way there
and so yeah I mean my whole thing is if
you feel like a piece of shit then
stopping stop doing the things that are
making you feel like that and and do
something that you think that you would
be able to consistently do or at least
work towards that thing and so that's
that's all that's all that's all I'm
feeling good and then of course other
updates I've been working towards a fit
of making more stuff for the sxephil
channel because right now making monday
to thursday shows been playing around
with a saturday idea probably the big
update there is that the show will most
likely or there will be new videos
starting in about two weeks that's the
goal right now in two weeks on the
sxephil channel you'll have monday to
thursday pds you know philip defranco
show friday i might start putting the
mood new movie things show on that
channel because i love doing that that
show so much and then instead of
saturdays on sunday i'll do like the
weekly wrapup where i announce who gets
pelted in the face with what talking
back to two people that are there
leaving comments
and having you know discussions in the
videos and so that's the goal there then
with for human people's I know a lot of
people been like put the shirts back on
she say what I want the portal I want
this shirt by around june sixteenth june
sixteenth wheels start FHP will actually
be making the shirts and the posters
internally in this in the studio so
everything will be up available and it
won't what's really what I'm really
excited about is we're not going to be
limited to we did a run of monkey shirts
where we had to dumb the colors down so
that we could we could actually still do
it ourselves and so that's not going to
be a thing everything's going to be what
I'm really excited about american-made
water-based so it's also not harmful to
the environment and just they're just a
bunch of really cool stuff and we'll
have the ability to I know we've had a
lot of people going hey can you sell our
stuff will be able to it's just you know
I don't want to bring on a lot of people
and then just like suck you know because
Allah other merchandise companies
already do that so yeah and last thing
on fh p if you are a designer you you
draw stuff you do stop-motion of it on
youtube or just anything anything
creative like that if you want to submit
a design or talk about your channel and
there's something like that it's not
just you talking to a camera email me at
philip defranco @ gmail.com we've been
um working with artists you know getting
getting them paid making cool stuff and
that's that's the whole idea behind FHP
that's really all i can think of right
now and that's yeah that's that's really
going to be it for this video thing but
the what i would ask you and it would be
really helpful to me is I've been trying
to set these goals and these like
rewards that I give myself for each
weight class I get down to so the big
one that that's on my mind is 210 at 219
pounds i can i can skydive by myself or
try and learn to and my buddy Richard
Ryan he loves sky diving so much he got
he got his license he can he's done some
badass stuff and he was like yeah once
you hit to 10 we should jump out of a
plane separately because I've only ever
done it attached to someone's back but
he's like you know you jump out of the
plane
so I think I'm going to reward myself
because right now I'm technically still
over the weight limit so reward myself
there but what should i do like 200
pounds 190 pounds 180 pounds so just
think of that reward system for me so in
the comments down below but also if
you're a part of plot think think of how
you want to reward yourself and not with
like a chocolate cake because that that
kind of that's just that's backwards
thinking I get the idea of that but it's
just it's just harmful to you what is
something that you would you want to
give yourself once you hit that right
good put the carrot in front of your own
face but yeah that's really it I love
your faces I'm gonna keep bouncing on
this ball and yeah ah love your faces
I'll see you next time
