and with that kind of scary thought
already in your head let's move on to
our final story of the day and that is
sista sista is the cyber intelligence
sharing and protection act or as many
people have called it the new sofa after
all the anti SOPA protests the just
general outrage it sent many people back
to the drawing board it seems like
they've come back with sista Congress
says this act would provide for the
sharing of certain cyber threat
intelligence and cyber threat
information between the intelligence
community and cyber security entities
and for other purposes if that felt like
a bunch of words that really didn't
describe anything yeah I got that
feeling too because I want you guys to
have a genuine opinion on this and not
just like let's burn it with fire I'll
explain both sides for you this is what
the supporters of the Act say it will do
that it will help us companies defend
themselves from advanced cyber threats
without imposing any new federal
regulations or unfunded private sector
mandate it will also create new private
sector jobs for cybersecurity
professionals and protect the thousands
of jobs created by the American
intellectual property that Chinese
hackers are trying to steal every day
representative represent out important
immediate changes to American cyber
security policy I believe our country
will continue to be at risk for a
catastrophic attack to our nation's
vital networks networks of power our
homes provide clean water or maintain
the other critical services we use every
day also it seems like many private
companies including like AT&T and
Verizon they like the bill because it
removes some of the regulations that
prevent them from sharing cyber threat
information so the supporters are saying
this bill will protect people from cyber
attacks or two super dumb it down for
you the supporters of sea spa are saying
that this act will protect people from
like what happened in the movie live
free or die hard except for the part of
having Justin long as your sidekick
which would be awesome and then the
people that are against it are kind of
saying a lot of the same things as sopa
the bill has a very broad almost
unlimited definition of what information
can be shared and when sharing that just
unlimited information with the
government they don't have to worry
about privacy or laws then saying the
bill is likely to lead to the expansion
of the government's role in monitoring
of private communications as a result of
the sharing others adding that this will
most likely lead to the government's
role expanding as far as monitoring
people also that cybersecurity will
probably move from the civilian sector
to the military sector because of the
broad vague verbiage in this bill once
that information is shared from like
your internet provider to the government
you can essentially be used for any /
press whatsoever so what a lot of people
are worried about is privacy and finally
once that information is shared with the
government what do they do with it
there's nothing in the bill and I'll
link so the bill so you can actually
read it that clearly defines that it's
what I would say is read it for yourself
see if you see those same problems the
real thing that's gonna bother me with
this is the arguments gonna go into all
the wrong places the people that support
system are gonna say to the people
opposed to it what do you want us to be
cyber attack we're doing this to protect
ourselves and the people against that
are going to say okay that's a great
idea how about you don't keep it so
broad and vague so that you can actually
I don't know tell what the hell this
bill is supposed to do is this bill
about protecting people's identities
government information or you just don't
want people to torrent Happy Madison
anymore and you want those internet
service providers to give away all their
clients information that's gonna be your
question the day today guys I'm gonna
include all the resources down below
like I always do but what do you think
about sea spa you think it's something
we legitimately need to protect
ourselves from cyber threats or do you
think it's a ball of craziness that
Congress is trying to put through right
now to supersede all online privacy
protections I know if you are of that
mindset as well there is a petition down
below same thing as soap show your
support if you are or being against it
and stuff at the very least I do think
that you should read up on it and inform
society is a dangerous society and I
want you to be a dangerous one a non
blow stuff up you kind of way
