hello nation it's been a while since we
had a chat so I thought on this channel
maybe I would do something like
answering a bunch of questions but
rather than asking you hey what
questions you want me to ask and then
going through the millions not millions
that's exaggerating but the same
questions okay when you fucking shit do
you say you've been fielding derp derp
derp so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
look at my past am a reddit thing a
majig look and respond to a bunch of the
questions that came in very very late
and I did not see so here we shall go
why do you talk so fast fit in as much
information as possible into each
individual video why do you love our
faces because without you guys I would
just be a crazy person in a room talking
about myself and not really adding
anything to society even though it could
be argued that I don't in fact add
anything to society ah what camera do
you use I use a canon 5d mark two when i
use this San heiser lapel mic that's why
my shirts always bunched up and I just
recently got this oh it's a teleprompter
set up that works with your iPad that
connects to your computer and then you
can see your computer when you look at
the camera I might use it will you ever
get a private jets maybe one day of
getting a jet is less than ten percent I
make in a year because otherwise that's
kind of fucking ridiculous why are you
against abortion rights when did I say I
was against abortion no I think that
abortion should be a legal option
although I'm pretty set in my life and I
wouldn't do it personally why are you
such a tool years and years and years of
being the dorky loser kid in high school
made me a very angry person and now I
get to take it out on people I find in
theory it's a vicious cycle are you a
Democrat or a Republican I don't like to
label myself but if anything I would
call myself a libertarian are you an in
the closet gay not yet what part of your
job do you love the most honestly at the
end of the day I just love this
conversation I've been able to have with
you guys for five years the other stuffs
just kind of extra I mean the sourcefed
stuff i think is awesome all the
channels that we're going to create the
posters and the shirts with FHP that's
kind of fun at the end of the day it
really all comes down to me talking to
you the rest of the stuff just kind of
supports that where did you get the
tardis cut out my girlfriend is awesome
and she got it for me for my birthday
but I will ask her also i just googled
artist cut out and found it so you're
just fucking
lazy but I love you when will you be
coming to vancouver most likely around
august ish and that's because right now
my guys are trying to figure out how we
can conduct a six-city tour if you ever
watch the franco does dublin I want to
have a US Canada tour six cities as of
right now the six cities in the US and
Canada would be toronto vancouver
Chicago New York and then to others that
I'm not sure of everyone kind of keeps
telling me to do LA but la is really
hard to sell tickets so I don't want to
I don't know bail is probably the word I
was looking for don't suppose you're
hiring any time soon most new hires
actually start out as interns so no but
kinda sorta but it won't be you because
you're not an intern and the final
question is okay are you circumcised not
that it's anyone's business but yes and
your mother was not a fan that's it for
this random video if you haven't watched
today is philip defranco show or any
source fed or oh my god there's a
pre-order baby i got links all down
below i love your faces as always and
i'm going to touch the camera and turn
it off now ok ah oh oh yeah oh yeah oh
yes I feel good yeah this is the focus
ring oh yeah now to finger oh this is
weird now
