ah my hair is so awesome today this is
what happens I need your hair your girly
but my credit blow my curls only tight
though yeah it's actually it's a lot
it's a lot you know if you much like the
video I to online ya think I was like oh
wait wait wait I gotta see this this is
awesome the gray I didn't know my gosh
yeah great I love it it's it's dignified
I'm digging this dignified hungry no dad
were you actually you say you're a six
foot three six foot yeah what yeah i'm
actually just slowly 11 yeah he's fine
just like cut you down I'm just get
another I'll jump up and kicking in eat
soon that's Oh a punch in you know maybe
they're gonna be a shortest Joe then I'm
screwed yeah I have to go out and get if
I might give up my truck in my little
car and when they go they that's
terrible okay so so advice to the nation
how do you how do you make such a train
wreck like Philip DeFranco jr. it's a
lot of love that's a lot of love and
petitioner hey thanks to the head and
spoil him right pretty much yeah yeah
spoil boy is spoiled when you could yeah
it was just a like there was always
another burning fire besides me man that
I won't even never mentioned oh he's
like anger anger it's the smile that's
it since dad's last day here and so all
the crying all the curling is gonna
start moving in you're moving in a
moving now I've been telling him to move
out here and met mine come on look uh
look at it ah I should move in live out
here you should 10 you should move out
her um get you 10 oh thank god i was
there to myself you know we need dad
pitch in his hands yeah I'm all the time
the pool parties I'm talking about
penises you're talking about actual
pitching a tent
that's what you're doing that's what
you're doing I'm doing good i fit to
tent in the backyard I'm a talking about
neva instead be hanging it yeah yeah
yeah yeah it's kind of corny its laid
back playback oh yeah it come up on your
sleep a little pup tech going hey I
don't yeah hey I just wanted I want to
make a quicky quicky video with with
Papa D since everyone is like the only
time we ever see him is an ichat ichat
yeah well it was a long time ago and
that's all I ever you but yeah I know
what is it what do I know videos it's
everybody's up room I can't get her out
of a picture yep thank you you know
they're locked her out fuck this guy's
got my sister sabriye wants to be in
videos and I'm like you too young for
the internet kids I was like this did
this is this isn't like a daily vlog
where you are you need to be in the
video you know how long it took me to
keep ammo and check on the internet but
it was uncontrollable yeah no dad dad
was like you need to quit that internet
stuff which I would have been I would
make the same way other than the exact
same way as I'm like this stupid
internet tube thing what is this stop it
you go back to school become an engineer
dr. robot scientist what is not to
vampires echo you're so close oh you're
so glad I brought not to you vampires
zombies boom bang boom Kansas done
DeFranco any any any any last things for
the video bite me oh that was mean no
okay love you as well love yous face of
your faces
