sup la guitare peoples i am in vegas for
CES 2012 it is the biggest consumer
electronics expo named consumer
electronic what is the st whoa sub
filagra top people's i am in vegas for
CES 2012 where they will release
possibly cool things and possibly not so
cool things it's kind of a place where
they feature things that work with Apple
things that hopefully replace Apple
products and also TVs they have lots and
lots of TVs which is fantastic but a
main point our buddies over at Ford want
to know if I wanted to come here because
I wasn't planning on it and I was I
guess I'd love to when they were like
would you like a call and I was like yes
wait yes sure so two things one I drove
here in a 2013 ford flex and two on the
main channel sxephil I'm a pretty much
just talking about the really cool
things that stood out to me today and
talking about it it's pretty fantastic
also here is a clip of my road trip
I
I think it works for your safety please
go to changing road conditions and you
sync voice-activated features all your
vehicle is in motion okay
would it be great if this was why we
have traffic hahahaha what lady was just
like the car it's over
but the form was really cool because it
had things that I had never had in a car
before I love the rear facing camera so
I could actually back up without fear
there's also this light right next to
Maddie dancing and it lights up when
someone's to the side of you in case you
just happened not to see them then of
course there's ford sync which was
awesome because I got to just say where
we were going and then we were on our
way what's the state or province name
Nevada and when I didn't want to
actually use my voice they had these
buttons on the steering wheel that let
me do everything right from there but
guys that was just part of the road trip
this is day one CES we're about to hit
the floor it's about 940 in the morning
doors about to open and we're going to
see some cool stuff if you want to check
it out all of its going to be on
youtube.com slash sxephil which is where
I'm gonna be posting it and yeah love
your faces and I'll see you soon
you
