some dragon attack people's it is
Tuesday the trace of mm dose George say
I don't I feel it Spanish three times
but I wanted to make this video because
I didn't expect to actually be at the
office today but they were moving
everything and we were actually gonna
have to try and like light me for the
show with flashlights so I was like
let's just let's Google a new look with
new place and we'll just we'll make it
work even though nothing's set up so
yeah we're here and I saw a lot of
comments are people saying give us a
tour so just preface it almost no one is
here yet we're probably at like 1/4 1/3
of staff not everything's delivered yet
we just moved a bunch of the old stuff
and yeah so I guess I'll do the tour so
I just want to give you that because
gonna be like it's so empty no shit but
yeah here is my makeshift office for
today it's not going to be set up like
this I literally just came into the show
I'm already late I'm already late so you
know did that and it's a pretty big room
but just I'm looking through the lens
and it looks enormous everything looks
roomier with a uh with a wide-angle lens
so I definitely recommend not to film
your penis with one because that would
be on for your huge in which case you're
like ladies you won't hurt you in
Interlaken to over their doors or
because you're evil apparently in this
situation oh people with new penises
evil that's what uh that's what movies
have taught me and then we have Maddy
over here who's rubbing his head because
I think he heard me and he was like I'm
not I mean in person I have a huge penis
my name's Matthew koma you're in a glass
cage of emotion so that's Matt's room
you know close enough and with glass
window panes so I can see the edit or
see if you're on Facebook getting on
that one girl in Canada who wants to
come down and se dude what I also you'll
notice the the rooms are numbered we
kept that
so then everything was organized oh my
god so great the parking empty room
right now probably gonna be our
conference room producer James over here
this night might actually end up being
where I film this show I'm thinking
about it right now just so that I can
have like an awful whoa
motion sensor but yeah this might
actually be I'm gonna paint it blue and
yeah yeah cuz I don't know separation I
think let me go into the main room and
once again not a lot of this is set up
we literally just set that up so that we
could have something someplace to eat
and then we have a number tres lucky
number three unless you're Dale
Earnhardt Oh sad joke joke and that's uh
Danny what are you doing you're at home
oh it's so exciting
oh yeah we're still getting like I said
everything set up actually you know the
thing that it's kind of sad this is why
I'm the most excited wait for it wait
for it real Ajith Amit bathrooms and
stuff and why did you go here cuz you
know I like stuff to not spoil and then
I won't go into the winners restroom and
we have Audrey building chairs the
editor rooms Bowman in here you might
remember Bowman he was the guy that wore
the the American flag fanny pack at the
July 4th party
because he loves America
we're Shay jumped off the roof
editor room what am i doing I like you
fucking this is gonna be a bigger rec
area see everything you look so then of
course Kevin Bruce okay whatever
whatever fucking broke fuck you bro oh
yeah we have a storage area Oh close
this storage area and I can't show you
that yet because that's gonna be a
SourceFed set hey what's up why you look
so scared I was just about to vlog
that's all you were like what
oh this rapid yeah yeah at any point I'm
still coming down from I was telling you
the other day that I was sick
New Year's Eve which suck it sucks
because whenever I talk about my
sickness because a month
oh by the way I'm saying everyone's
actually get sick so no I just mentioned
every time I'm sick I'm a little bitch I
just mention it every single time but
yeah I'm gonna I wanna stop holding this
camera and talking and being helpful and
I you know put up some posters speaker I
gotta figure out what this office it's
gonna look like but uh yeah
hey though if you can help me out
because I was thinking about this we
have one spare room right now
that's not who be occupied by
and it's a pretty decent-sized room what
should go in that room not like a shark
tick cuz that's not possible
go down a shark or a pool I forget a
poor I don't know that we're anything
about shark but um say that what is that
rip someone said ball pit and I'm kind
of regretting that I just said ball pit
because now everyone did I Bob and I
just what which that roommate
use your imagination if you were like
hey I wish I could have one room in the
world and also not stripper row because
I won't enjoy that as much Maddy
some of those people world but nothing
so imagine what the room is trying Cupid
semi-realistic
