some bloggers tap people's it is monday
january second 2012 it's gonna take
about two months to finally get the fact
that we're in 2012 but hey i just wanted
to make a vlog to say what up and also
um yeah I'm filming this on a laptop cuz
we're moving well no if you don't follow
the the vlogs really closely I don't
blame you they suck um about 3-4 months
ago we moved out of our old studio which
we were there for about 14 months and
yeah moved out painted a room in my
house to look like my office I just
really like the color blue but also
because people like challenge and so
yeah essentially turned room my house
into the studio everyone that uh that
works for the company worked here too
which was like a little little stressful
especially when your lack what I can't
leave it to I have to stay here with you
guys while you work and do things that
are helpful to me oh this is the worst
I'm an asshole um I am filming this on a
laptop today because a lot of the
equipment is gone I would have shot this
with the other 5 D which is what I use
for the shows but all oh my cards are
gone and in transit everything's labeled
as you can see here for the trip and
yeah it's kind of it's kind of crazy
because I mean we move a lot and it's
for a lot of reasons I mean the last
studio is fantastic except for the fact
that you could hear someone talking from
like a billion feet away cuz the place
wasn't built up to code and then when we
were like yeah we're thinking about
maybe keeping it but then getting the
building next door they were like cool
how about a five-year lease over like
know what really is gonna fix the place
you're not okay so it took us a while to
find a new place the gangs moving in now
me and Maddie who's editing in the back
room gonna probably go there wednesday
so be there my office is already painted
same blue I just love this
color um well yeah trying to think try
to think what else one second cotton is
Maddie editing the show I thought I'd be
really loud and scare you hey wait wait
wait real fast I know that I know
they're already late yeah we're re late
can you zip up your hoodie yeah I want
to turn around so they can't see it's a
real surprise I got this Jojo got the
free run yeah that's the best Joe also
got me a TARDIS that actually floats
because of magnets which is awesome wait
here it is oh that's the best thing in
the world can you can't actually see
through the odd can oh that's so awesome
also creepy you saw someone that zipped
it up you'd be like oh they're gonna
kill someone and or at least date rape
them ok back you are um side fact I gave
Matt 48 minutes of footage oh I can't
have rambla days doesn't happen that
often hey here is another empty room cuz
we're moving so yeah moving and then oh
look look look look I talked about it
you guys were like a tht that's when
80-inch tv looks like it's ker I'm gonna
include the door in the picture that's a
22 thats so really big for no reason i
love it though I really do I it has one
of those refresh rates that's like it's
a little weird you're like it was this
shot and unlike DV cuz it's like I'm
there it's weird it takes like it takes
like a day to get used to it it's
awesome though I I broke my rule where I
said I wouldn't play video games until
the 23rd which is the launch of
SourceFed and I play drake's fortune on
it cuz and also I was really sick so I
was like it's okay le and get any work
done anyways I played it on that oh yeah
but um yeah and then we celebrated new
years even I guess New Year's
technically and what what I want to know
also is what resolutions did you make
but that's really it I'm trying to think
if there's anything else I can
technically throw I've
really just been spending time making
the promo for SourceFed and you know and
getting a lot of things set up for that
and I don't want to show a lot of those
things to you the only thing I could say
is that a lot of people I'm that are
going to be working on the channel most
actually you don't know i have a huge
don't work with like other big tubers on
a new project together sort of thing i'm
really in like this mood where I want to
like help bring people up and actually
the only person that's not true with is
my own invention his name yet we're one
of the people on SourceFed that you
might probably know is joe bereta who is
awesome awesome in the face and yeah i
mean that's that's really been it but if
i could leave you with a question
because you guys know I love the
conversation more on this channel cuz i
do what is what are your new year's
resolutions um obviously mine isn't just
lose weight and don't eat it's not even
so much I care about my weight I just
wanna I just want to feel better so I
think you know even just smaller stuff
like walking running because I've just
in the past week I've started running
and I've been good enough with my diet
that it doesn't hurt when I run because
you know how you get like those shin
splints especially a big dude you're a
big person and try and run and you're
like your ankle ah or not ankles here
what are these shins I just fucking say
but so there's that um trying to think
other other resolutions did at the
Franco think oh um yeah and the rest are
just business II things that I don't
like talk about because when I talk
about business if you like a douche bag
in the fergus don't carry I'm gonna go
now I love your face as though nation
and talk casing
