South nation so if you came from today's
PDS welcome if not then I should let you
know that today I am going to be
announcing who won the DeFranco is yo
Santa Claus contest from last Thursday's
pds where I said in the comments below
leave what you would like for Christmas
that is under two thousand dollars and
if it's randomly selected you get it
that simple and so I thought announce
the winner there but also show you how
we come up with who wins on a daily
basis when we throw other things at your
place so with me is going to be the lady
that does all that and she'll walk you
through she might have to shout because
I'm wearing a love microphone but uh
that is Danny oh okay we got 60 4409
comments on this video there are just so
you know 500 comments to a page so we're
going to divide that by 500 there are
120 8.8 so 129 pages of comments
normally we have 30 so it's about a
hundred more pages so we gotta
random.org and we type in 1 229 our page
19 is the page of comments we're gonna
go to all right so we locked down
essentially the page that we're going to
go to first and then what we're gonna
randomly find one out of five hundred
yeah okay so we go to the page Danny's
nut Danny's not used macbook she's like
why don't I have to scroll with two
fingers so confusing hey hey what's up
what's up are you excited that someone's
about to win something might be amazing
or maybe not depending on what they left
it I really hope that someone what you
got it the page loaded so sometime if
you don't know this if the number is too
high sometimes YouTube literally the
page won't load and we're like come on
work and we'll be in with you by the big
deal one in 512 what okay 12 who is the
winner we're gonna do command F we do
ago Oh
in all of them ok so for 12 our new 13
actually because this one doesn't count
oh ok 12 13 is here it is napster 93
okay I'm gonna read it it says at feet
oh so he left he left a comment of the
day and he said what he wanted so I feel
like what he's doing is wrong something
should be officially regulated a family
cannot afford to buy brow brush sperm
bank blah blah blah blah for Christmas I
would like a nikon DSLR d3000 with the
lens that's included so see how much it
is so yeah copy it throw it in we'll see
how much it is on amazon it's under two
thousand dollars he gets it please be
way less that's a dollars this is my
accountants are gonna be really angry
but they're gonna be like why would you
do this ever hey come to halt oh yeah
calm down the reason I'm still talking
as I want this to be and one take videos
people aren't like you cut your a change
huh let's see it is is it with the lens
it is under two thousand dollars oh so
congrats is the case silent napped
master Napster so congratulations you
won this thing that is above my face cuz
Boldin picture and yeah yeah yeah
congratulations I hope it makes
Christmas I'm gonna send you a message
so we can get your address which is what
we do we usually don't announce who
actually wins but a stop growing up all
right I love your faces nation that's a
kind of a behind-the-scenes of how we do
this ah alright bye John Hendricks spent
most of Christmas Day retweeting
assholes who weren't happy with their
presence there were tons of them but
here just to select few other than
getting a Camaro and an ipad this
Christmas socks
