sup blog and atop people's it is just
athlete sup blogger the top people's I
literally just finished filming the
philip defranco show and i was thinking
i should talk other words to the camera
about non newsy things so this is that
that's the thing though so this is that
that's what I was just talking about
last week I started posting these things
called the blog at ease oh it's so
original but essentially like what a
blog would be but in text like just
going back to text and stuff because
when I was a kid I mean I'm still a kid
does some of you but some some of you
I'm like old man to Franco but when I
was a kid I would always right out you
know what I was feeling ideas either
some of that came in to really shitty
badly written poetry because poetry
unless it's really well-written kind of
lame a little bit sorry it's true but
you know I was talking about two things
you know you know how I felt really
weird about the Iraq war and then I had
one about uh I was always treating
myself to a christmas present because
you know a lot of people that do not a
lot of people that know me know that I
don't buy very expensive thing like when
I do it I'm like it this thing and I'm
gonna happen for a billion years so I
got I feel like such a douche wore it
and maybe I partially am but for my
Christmas birthday present because i am
a December baby and everyone always did
that to me anyways I got myself an
80-inch tv be any which is ridiculous
like I even said in the blog 80
reference to philly did on TV it's
ridiculous because there's no reason you
need to have a TV that big I mean it
would suck to play video games on it
especially professionally or not
professionally but competitive with Lee
rule whoa but you know just talking
about that like why as a consumer do I
feel that it so I was talking about that
and you know I was like I will return to
video forum for one day so this is that
thing that i'm referring to so new
things going on as of today December
nineteenth is uh the first of which is I
packed up my xbox and all game systems
so that I do not play them because when
I get stressed out I just play video
games and I end up not working and it's
kind of a dick thing to do when you're
playing video games and other people
around you are working so i did that the
and also I ways I only so many hours
playing modern warfare 3 it's just I'll
play it again later but right now it's
like there's so many things going on and
actually one of the things is um
SourceFed SourceFed I don't know what it
is good because I want it to be semi
surprising for you but it's launching
january twenty third and you know we're
hiring a bunch of much people of course
it's the the youtube backed thing
because they were like you bid on
youtube for five years we kind of trust
you here's some money and things so you
know we moved out of the old office
which wasn't a good place it wasn't like
things weren't soundproof it was all
cramped and like it was just a little
bit of the I'm at my house right now I
don't know if you know that we painted
one of the rooms of my house look at the
office but we're moving into a new place
as you can see here it's so giant and
we're bringing on a lot of people for
this this new venture and I'm kind of
excited I just keep burping and just
being a disgusting individual sorry yeah
actually by the time this goes up we
should have put up like our small little
SourceFed teaser that we have some
people that you have seen online before
and you're gonna and we're gonna add
people that you are going to love you oh
it's so it's it's really it's really
exciting like the my favorite thing is
hiring people that I think are more
talented than myself because I'm like
you and actually because we're talking
about business that makes me remember
for human people's that's of course
where I don't know why I explained it I
feel like if you're on this blog addey
vlogging channel then you know
everything there is to know anyways
words for you in people's knock on my
merchandise website we are just slammed
for Christmas so we're not going to be
launching any other new products until
like january or februari i almost said
january and tuesday that's how tired I F
but two things one if you'd like to
intern for that company or DeFranco Inc
link down below to an application page
because we're gonna be bringing on
people in the next two to six weeks so
yeah I think it gives school credit blah
Blee blah even if you're not in school
tis all good and second you are a
graphic artist or like you you make
designs i could go on t-shirts or
posters or anything
that we're gonna be making the program
that we actually make your product much
more open right now I've been the one
deciding what actually gets made things
like this and this and then in January
this and I believe our rates for those
of you that are like submitting your own
original designs and things that would
go on shirts and posters we have a deal
close to threadless if not slightly
better I think Fred lyst phase you two
thousand dollars if they use your design
and I'm always taking submissions at
philip defranco at gmail com so if you
have some work that you think would fit
send an email worse case scenario I'm
just really too busy in this month but I
like cool in the nation loves cool
 so it all kind of works and the
last thing nation is what do you what do
you want for christmas like who do you
want their what do you want as a present
because I was thinking because you know
it's I'm a really hard person to shop
for just because most everything I need
is like equipment and I just get it but
accepted TV but what do you want I mean
my biggest thing and it's really corny
and it's really cheesy is I wish my dad
my stepmom my sister would come out here
but they can't because you know my dad
my dad need a lot of you know Papa
DeFranco he has a you know things where
he has to go to the doctor right now and
it's like you know serious and I mean
that's what I would want I mean I would
love to like open the curtains on
Christmas morning and it's snowing and
my family is in the thing but no again
I'm gonna be alone on Christmas it's
like the first time in years like years
and years like a I can't even remember
and it's so lonely because you know
Lindsay celebrates Christmas for their
dad and I think it's awesome I actually
we planned on going there this Christmas
and then it was just like uh so much
work and granted it kind of makes me sad
but because I am so excited about
SourceFed a kinda it kind of makes up
for it not fully right yeah that's
really at nation that's where my mind's
at today and we'll talk soon possibly
actually in the comments down below
because there are so few comments on
these videos compared to the other ones
I feel like I can actually respond
