hello bloggers its have people's it is
Saturday which means it it's time for we
watch things and stuff together last
week I told you the thing that we were
gonna watch was downfall a movie made in
2004 that recreated the last 12 days of
Hitler's life and of course the quick
reminder before we jump into everything
if you want to watch nine percent of the
stuff that we watch to get a whole free
you got free month of instant streaming
movies and TV shows with netflix.com
slash philly d or other options links
down below but here's the clip of the
trailer a madman has come undone these
are his final hours and this is the
story that has never been told don't
fall and so downfall was this really odd
movie to me i really had only heard
about it in two ways one it had become a
meme which was hilarious where that one
scene where hitler finds out that he's
been like figuring out army strategies
with armies that weren't there anymore
but people put funny captions if you
haven't seen them once again links down
below and to most of you know I went to
Europe about two months ago and when we
went to Berlin we went and we actually
checked out like some of the
concentration camps and they talked
about this movie and how amazing it was
and was weird watching it because I'm a
part of a generation and also a culture
that never really had to deal with it
the most I know about the Holocaust is
from books and my random Jewish friends
whose grandparents like new some stuff
and the portrayal of Hitler is really
eye opening because he's not like
kicking puppies and waking up and he's
like I'm gonna kill everything it
doesn't portray him is that it shows him
as this guy that's just like it's over
like he's stuck in his ways it's over
he's gonna sink with the ship not to say
I was like oh poor Hitler but it did
really portray him as a human being and
it's something that a few of my actor
buddy is uh you know they told me when I
was like how do you portray like weird
things and they said essentially when
you become a person you can't judge them
you can't be Hitler and go like oh fuck
Hitler you have to be like oh he was
this guy that had this vision and he's
very analytical and maybe not moral
about it and
really eye-opening and so I think really
that's what I loved about this movie is
that it was really human it wasn't about
this evil nazi killing everyone it was
about this guy's dream and the these
goals that almost came to fruition
except for the fact that he was so blind
in his ambitions and and and so
heartless that even though the people
around him would not leave for the most
part even though in those last days
didn't have a lot of faith they stuck by
him like a loyal dog and so I think
that's the reason I liked it because you
know movies and TV shows for the most
part they make it really apparent like
that guy is evil he shoots dogs in the
face he punches babies he has a monocle
and a weird accent and the good guy like
wears all white and he has pistols and
he's like Barrymore also side note if
you know your history you'll you'll
appreciate the movie and like the actors
a lot more from the get-go also upon
filming us I know half of you guys are
like why'd you get a two-and-a-half-hour
movie those people shot the fuck up yep
hey guys the next thing I want us to
watch together you send in video
responses of your opinions and reviews
is a christmas carol but that's it for
me i hope you guys having an awesome
weekend and main point what do you think
about downfall she's quite my goddess
movie was extremely interesting an apple
has to be one of the most interesting
films I've seen in quite a while it left
miss big stinger I really really enjoyed
it it was a really emotional movie
usually i watch history movies but this
one overall was right this Austrian
German epic takes the story of possibly
one of the worst men in history and
makes you feel for it makes you
sympathize with one of the most hated
men in history he was a whiny baby goes
fucking crazy I did watch a couple other
reviewers and I noticed a couple of them
said that they felt sorry for Hitler he
was an actual my poor him he was an ass
and he deserved everything he got it's
hard to think that he was a human no
matter how evil and how much of a
dictator how much the wall likes to hate
him it was still a human being I thought
interesting contest and typically what
you see in a world war two movie and for
me this is a really a problem but I know
for a lot of people that probably will
be there subtitles to this film it is
all in german didn't like that it was
German moment I thought was in German I
was like oh now suck it the fuck up it
added to the overall effect and
believability of the film just means you
have to focus a little bit more on movie
I can't can't we just kill yourself
already harden the fuck up and read some
fucking subtitle take a moment to
realize how beautiful different
languages so would i recommend this
movie and i think that this movie was an
excellent movie it was pretty a bloody
brilliant i recommend it to all types of
people i would recommend this film foot
anyone who enjoys history I'd say
definitely watch it if you want to see a
different side of the war she's quite my
god you're even a semi attractive woman
and you walk into a room and you take
off your clothes you can be like I
punched your mother in the face and I be
like okay cool I see what you're saying
one you naked who what are we going to
do about this situation
