sup nation blogging its have people's it
is Monday dance around 9pm and I feel a
few balloons terrible because I just
realized i never posted that video
saturday of us watching the movie down
fo so next saturday it will be up
granted i could post it now or tomorrow
but I say it's Saturday like nine times
in the video and everyone's would be
like snow sadaf it up to Franco it's
retarded haha no I don't have it in me
right now to deal with Internet people's
i am very exhausted but uh I didn't want
to talk about me specifically an update
because today once again was Monday but
i was i was surprised because it was one
of the first days actually know this
whole week i really haven't I haven't
been stressed out and and part of me and
some of you guys can relate especially
if you're already working part of me or
even school part of me felt worried
because I was like I'm not stressed out
of my mind am i doing something wrong
and I realize no stress isn't a good
thing it's not like that cover of Time
magazine stress is it was like a
negative thing it could in small doses
like like root beer or weird sex like
it's not something you should do all the
time it should be a treat or marijuana a
treat once again not drunk or high
everyone always thinks I am in these
videos which really makes me worry about
my personality but I think it was the
Dalai Lama that said it and he said
human beings are the weirdest thing once
again I'm gonna paraphrase human beings
are the weirdest fucking things on the
planet because when we're young we will
trade our youth for money and success
but once we are older and successful we
will trade our money drunk trying to
regain our youth and it's true it's like
I went to a YouTube meet up about a week
and a half
and there were all these 20 to 40 40
year olds talking about all their
projects and like they're busting their
ass and dying and and I'm like
motherfucker you been doing it for four
years and four years not a long time but
you're killing yourself and you don't
even seem to be enjoying it and and and
obviously joy is not the end all be all
i mean i'm not i'm not an idealist and
that way I'm a realist but success isn't
just money that's the only thing that
YouTube's really shown me like obviously
it makes things easier and I like to be
able to help my friends and family but
I've said no to a lot of things that
would mean more work more stress but a
lot more money because it just it didn't
seem like something that would make me
happy now granted that might sound
hypocritical because i have several
businesses the largest of those to
Franco inc which of course is the philip
defranco show even this to a smaller
extent but SourceFed SourceFed I think I
and I believe it to my core to be the
future of everything I'm doing because
it is going to be so great and then FHP
for human people's we're hiring in the
next two months we're hiring six to
eight people because things have been so
successful with my merchandise other
stuff like custom designs like this like
it's just and it was just really cool
stuff we're taking on a lot of extra
youtubers because we offer we better
rates then who either guys out of their
district lines and spreadshirt so you
know just taken on that load right
ladies oh right no I'm a creepy person
sorry but those things excite me they
don't they don't stress me out I'm not
working a million hours a week I'm
focusing on what I actually want to do
and and I guess I am lucky enough that
it works out and I mean a big part of
that is bringing up a lot of the new
town anyways mean point that i do want
to convey if there is a point in this
because there's really no point to vlogs
is stress is okay in small increments
but don't don't kill yourself over it
figuratively or really don't do that
according to youtube confessions tumblr
everyone that likes youtubers wants to
kill themselves and these videos are the
only thing would stop you that is
Terrell acts on to something else I'm
the weirdest person on the planet
youtubers the weirdest people on the
planet do not attach your sanity to any
of us because that is a bad move just
you know life is this weird tragic thing
but it is sort of fantastic and so I
guess main point especially because its
final season I was thinking about this
because a lot of people have been
messaging me about how they're like
stressed out about finals you could pass
or you could fail finals you still might
not get a job or you might get a job
completely unrelated to anything you're
doing everything in this life is a silly
silly joke just don't take it too
seriously ninety percent of the time
that seems like the trick took success
to success anyways I'm gonna go yeah
love you faces and I'll see you next
time
