what are they doing in here oh wait what
are we doing in well Joe we're trying to
do an audio test but you want to keep
talking let me hear the unnormal
speaking boy you needed my peak I'm
sorry oh and it is live what up Nadia
you're the first one I'm seeing
something hello to you we're about to
shoot a Q&A guys James what do you have
to say to the camera I guess I label the
comments with your name so what anyone
can answer them but how many brianna
comments are hits you boys we're here on
Q&A we're taking your cues we're putting
our eggs in a morgue give them right
back to you let's fucking do this
so we're gonna read some comments we
heard you Joe tweeted out but they were
like we want to talk to people behind
the scenes and we never get to answer
anything so we decided to start doing
kind of a comment show this is our first
one so tell us what you absolutely don't
like what you love whatever in the
comments down below let's get into it
how many people have you met on tinder
that recognize you from the vlog if any
what was the interaction like uh one
person it was awkward it was one guy and
he didn't like everything was totally
normal and then he like snuck it in like
we're after we've been talking for three
days and I was like oh I feel like I
tell her usually very comfortable is
this the one that you left in the mouth
it was that guy so you go fans out there
there is a change so Christopher to 1-9
wants to know how do you guys maintain
such self-control when dealing with Joe
we don't we don't know my gosh I feel
bad sometimes I feel like we bully him
and he takes it with stride he really is
just like okay my first encounter with
Joe I was doing the TriCaster for
something and he didn't say anything to
me he was just filming me and I was like
oh this is weird I don't like it at all
I was telling SourceFed and he was
ability but they were still filming like
a whole lot yeah looking at the camera
like can I help Brian Reed on Twitter
says at mando day what's been your best
and worst experience since working with
Phil I feel like all of us can kind of
do that one but my best one I had a
really hard birthday last year had a
bummer of a day so the next day I came
in and Phil had surprised me with a
signed guitar by my favorite pn on
blink-182 and he was a hey man I need
you to fix something like he we were
doing a shoot and he acted like
something was wrong and I was like fuck
me goddammit and so I was like uh me and
I go in there and he's like standing
there holding and I just like died I was
just like I remember like yellows
it was just like a really really nice
thing to do it will say is that my worst
experience with Philip DeFranco was a
fucking pepper video and I know you
won't remember that shit yeah well she
was off on a side cackling like okay
that was funny but I did bring you milk
I brought you beer I brought you
whatever you wanted I got it too but I
was laughing the best is making I've
I've been able to make some really cool
stuff graphics wise and merchandise wise
basically do like create original videos
but at the same time the hardest part
about working here is that although
you've seen a lot of it you also haven't
so you've seen about a quarter of what
I've actually made and the most
frustrating part is that of how much
stuff I've made that just gets thrown in
the trash can that is actually that I
think is pretty cool
but you know that's just part of the job
record of working game that's being told
no I don't like that let's start over
what did you make when Phil Edie hands
you a seventeen that's a facility and
you a 17-minute plus what eise to you Oh
what face yeah kill me now face I mean I
wish it was over you seem like a nerd
all right who asked you this now your
loner girl says that weird it do you
that weird loner girl I immediately
regret my decision for letting you come
on to camera I'm sorry I was not prepped
finish that weird loner girl says at
Luke Skywalker
you seem like a nerd are you yeah
aircraft bought you a corgi would you
give up Stouffer's at this point no I
don't want to dar is it like awful being
awful a sex symbol awful if I'm your sex
symbol I'm sorry what action sport would
you love to try skiing snowboarding
mountain biking skydiving kite boarding
BASE jumping et cetera if you were
guaranteed to be safe no I know I speed
for the first 12 years of my life and
then snowboarding for boss 10 do you I
said I borrowed it for about an hour
before I my bullshit flew eat ships and
land the back of my head into the floor
whatever you call it and never
never did again uh that's part of it one
thing I would like to do would be you
know the people who like glide in a suit
off a mountain
take the squirrel suit yeah yeah yeah
yeah that looks fun but really dangerous
dirtbikes thank everybody fine I want to
do where they build our friend Bretton
Lincoln and when they build their own
like cards its they have the
championship like every year or whatever
but I've always wanted to like build
your car and then you should essentially
go off the side of a mountain and see
like how long you can ice skating ones
oh yeah Christopher or rightis Chris a
film guy for everyone the whole team
gets in a bar fight who goes down first
and here last the longest I think the
last man standing Amanda yeah oh for
sure mm-hmm I think I would probably
won't be one of the first people to go
down Thursday I think James would last a
while too
oh yeah yeah talking about people snap I
think he's been a black belt yeah kill
somebody but I feel like if James kills
somebody they deserve today it says you
should do a tattoo tour of the office
and show off everyone eat a lot of
people even working with him don't know
that he has a huge side like rib tattoo
and it like expands pretty much the
entire length of his torso
I want one here I don't know what of yet
am I just gonna talk to a tattoo artist
Ava's tattoo artist seems pretty cool
will you ever show your tattoo I'll show
it only have one to thank you either two
tattoos this is all one touch it was all
done in one sitting but it wraps all the
way around so there's a guitar in the
incident side like from the outside and
then there's a quote abandoned club it's
not who I am underneath what I do that
defines me I like that idea it starts
with Brian and finish it maybe some day
none will make Phil get a tattoo
Christian Mendoza multi-multi boy 3 I
can speak up would like to know any luck
on getting your own penguin I mean no I
have a lot of stuffed Penguins and I
have an adopted penguin somewhere in
Antarctica my it was a birthday present
one year this is like a thing where you
donate ten bucks a month and they feed
them no it's like you say like $50 to
the World Wildlife Fund or whatever it
is and then you get like a little
adoption certificate and
- penguin do they give you updates or do
they tell you when it does they just
send you an email one day you can stop
donating now my makeup chair who I
follow and she's great and she says
Amanda is so awesome I want her to come
sort out my life and that is holistic
that is hilarious because I am the most
unorganized person like I know feel
schedule like what that doesn't mean
that I key to any sort of organizational
anything Brian has seen my room and make
comment it's really funny it's really
funny - if you just no no if we could do
it but like just get a picture of a man
does that work versus brown I see the
stark it's so mean oh god he's not
sentimental about much and he's like
just start up just get rid of it it's
clutter just get rid of it just eat
tells me this all the time where I'm a
goddamn hoarder and I'm like I need that
I need that I need that and he's like
why do you need that I'm like does it
mean something to me that's what he does
and I'm like what like both of them yeah
you know it's not useful to have it is
betw useful versus sentimentality and if
it's sentimental you know maybe take it
home or store why can't your workspace
reflect like you want to be happy in
your work environment give your desk
if you're happy with your desk being the
way it is that's fine every six months I
go through my entire apartment
everything that I done haven't used can
we go on trip you run shit Ann's down
yeah I'm just saying you want Brian to
come sort out your life not me a
question for Brianna how many times per
day do you think about murdering Joe
zero I don't actually want to kill Joe I
don't actually provide that I'm gonna
murder you and that's a guarantee I'd
said I probably said this okay so follow
sorry if you were to kill Joe how would
you do a punch in the face with a meat
cleaver if I wanted to get oh if I want
to get away with it horrible I'm poison
somebody like if I was actually gonna
kill somebody I would poison that much
fuck yeah just start foaming at the
mouth yeah I Taylor have you had the
white cheddar Stouffer's mac and cheese
yes I have it's pretty good tastes very
similar to the original dyed yellow
machan
cheese I think most cheddar cheese is
naturally white and is then dyed yellow
correct me if I'm wrong let us know what
you want us to answer we're gonna be
doing these on the rig in the comments
down below and that's wrong to be ending
today's show once again if you'd like to
support us over on the Franko ENCOM
click the link in the description down
below you want to watch yesterday's PDF
like right here if you want something
lighter I want to watch a brand new vlog
click over here like I said of course as
always my name is James Girardi you've
just been James dan and I'll see you
tomorrow
