sup blackity is his saturday and of
course that means a move in movie clubs
/ we watch things and stuff to this
channel one time a week I will tell you
something that I'm going to watch you
can watch a two-cent video responses the
comments of your opinions and reviews
and things and stuff and a thing to note
is ninety-nine percent of the time the
thing we want to watch is on netflix and
so something that's cool is if you want
to use netflix you can use netflix.com
slash philly d use that URL you get a
free month of instant streaming movies
to most any device of course if netflix
calm is not available in your area there
are many other options some of which i
will include in the description below or
the thing we are watching together today
is surviving the cut surviving the cut
is a 2010 series from the Discovery
Channel where they follow some of the
toughest men in America as they struggle
through intense training programs in the
hope to survive the cut and there are
different episodes for different sectors
of the military but the one I told you
that we're gonna watch was Ranger School
the first episode and so right after
watching and I was like this is amazing
it's like the best of the best it's just
like to get into the door like it this
is just the beginning of excellency and
badassery and i was i was insanely
impressed granted i have that fat kid
mentality that I had a ten-minute mile
when I was like 15 years old I love it
because it wasn't just the physical
stuff that that was the big thing if you
watch the next five episodes or any of
the other episodes you see that they
just try and break these people down
just because it's a whole it's a mental
game real because it throws out all that
stupid bullshit of like macho luck I'll
can branch 375 pounds because Ranger
schools like oh that's cool can you lift
375 pounds while taking on gunfire and
people are dying and you have like one
hour rest in five days because then
that's a cool store and that's what ends
up making the Rangers and a lot of these
other guys so amazing is it's not like
everyone's Joe Blow like these are the
best of the best trying to be the
bestest SS test and so if you haven't
seen the first episode or watch the rest
of the series I definitely recommend it
the other episodes that focus on like
underwater training those are hardcore
and I think the way they break people
down kind of inspires in that sounds
evil for a second not evil but it is
that life lesson that if you hung curd
down and deal with it and you and you
just handle the worst possible scenario
you know that you'll be able to handle
the worst of the worst and you're just
gonna be even that much better
ninety-eight percent of the time and you
yourselves are gonna be able to do your
job better knowing that everyone around
you had to go to hell and back just like
you to get where they are whether on the
battlefields or anywhere in life but
guys that's really for we watch things
and stuff this week but then you need to
watch and then maybe send a video
response of your opinion / review is
downfall it is the movie that recreates
the last 12 days of Hitler's life yeah
that's it for my part what do you think
so surviving the cuts episode one Ranger
School I thought it was awesome why then
and testosterone collapsing and dying
it's really tough game folks bloating
and bleeding and vomiting crying by far
blew my mind pretty pretty greeting in
pet I actually really enjoyed it so
essentially you have all the human
weapons who are like you know what I
want to be more of a human weapon first
shot these guys are insane they have to
go through so so much it's just such a
really physically and emotionally taxing
two months it's like the first day they
like don't eat it don't sleep then just
go right into but training Crawley doing
stuff the minute you showed me the giant
platform in the air and say I have to
walk across it and if I button up if I
fuck up i follow the water I would
definitely get up to the top of it I
could do this and epic down it like I am
gonna go home why why do people actually
want to do this that's insane one you
just want to sit down every once a while
maybe read a book not learn how to kill
everything I don't know whatever in
Danish we call it a mint gum spoil which
is basically proving yourself as a man
these people are trying so hard not to
quit this school I would literally
probably blow and you just to quit I
watched about 10 minutes of this episode
before I had to turn it off because it's
just not something that interests me I
was even doing my right I watched it I
was getting tired just watching it just
watching them just struggle to my every
single one of the guys were saying
awake they put Tabasco sauce in there I
people fall asleep standing up sitting
down with a gun up to their like sites I
complain about being tired at school
holy crap I don't know why anybody would
actually choose to do this to themselves
but you have to give these guys mad
props and their spec for doing this and
making it through human weapons are you
gonna fail I don't know if I don't wanna
do that you murdered that is basically
how they conform the individual into a
machine human weapons yeah so I
definitely recommend this video's i
would definitely recommend it it's
pretty good it's pretty enjoyable I I
won't waste my time for watching pussies
I can do that get over that thing you
know jump in that river do something you
know don't just was out like at least
try I can't wear contacts are sensitive
eyes you don't you too because at least
twenty four twenty percent of the videos
not suck so I'm gonna try and hold your
hand through the very scary changes and
get simple as that
