hello nation I'm about to go to my
birthday dinner but and I want to make a
video really quick - I saw a lot of you
guys on Twitter Facebook YouTube
comments like freaking out about the new
YouTube homepage and YouTube channels
that a lot of people are getting
switched over to and calm down you're
not gonna leave
really you're like I'm gonna go to Vimeo
or rather or fuck wouldn't know you go
to YouTube because at least 24 20
percent of the videos do not suck so I'm
gonna try and hold your hand through the
very scary changes and again simple as
that so when you come into YouTube's
calm you're gonna have two possible
views this initial view where it says oh
here are your subscriptions but in here
you'll also see things that people
started sharing playlists that were made
from people that you subscribe to and so
it's a whole different feel it's more of
like an activity feed from people you
subscribe to
now I'm not into all of that so I'm
gonna be the guy that clicks show
uploads only I just want to see new
content I don't care if you you made a
cool awesome playlist of kitty cats I
just you know I subscribe to people
because I want to see their video so
this is where I live scroll down all the
people I normally watch there
you go down to the bottom you click load
more now the big notable change is that
everything is just stacked on top of
each other now this is different to the
YouTube that we've experienced for the
past six months in fact if I upload a
video now and then I upload a video in
seven hours they would normally both
show up in your subscription feed at the
very top now this would leave the video
I posted before that people posted other
stuff and then my new thing would be
there they both still exist because it
comes in like a Facebook feed which you
know it's it's okay it was a lot worse
when they we're making this this is
actually pretty good um then of course
you can click on your Google+ account
you can see what's being shared on
Google+ not a lot Facebook I can see
what people are actually sharing Buckley
pimped out his video maybe he noticed
someone else
my buddy sama did
a video about a funny surfer dude Wow
that video is just like add cats and
that's that's like every video on
YouTube now the big thing is this right
here right now this might be an
alphabetical order for you which we
should fix so you're gonna click either
see all here or when you're in the
subscription tab you're gonna click up
here alright so you can click your
subscriptions and it's gonna show you
all of your subscriptions now what's
really good here is is the pinning so
I'm gonna undo these pins and this is
kind of a making your top 10 favorite
channels that you like watching
so I'm unpinning everything I'm gonna
don't worry don't worry I'm gonna repin
Kassem G don't you freak out so the
thing here is you need to keep in mind
who your your favorites are right
because you're gonna have a top 5 and
then the top 10 essentially so you're
just think who's your favorite Channel
who is your favorite Channel I'm gonna
say blog brothers my favorite Sean o
channel then I'm gonna do black box TV
I'll do brats Bretta Charlie's you gotta
love some Charlie oh my goodness Freddy
W that was something that was a lot of
pressure so I have my top 5 and you're
gonna see why top 5 top 10 are kind of
separate that we're gonna go in get some
Julian Smith some where we going Kassem
G I'm really doing this Miss Hannah minx
sorry Anna you're not actually my
favorite but this video is dragging MGM
and we'll knock it out with a nice Peter
so I have my top ten popping it bomb
that is there then I go back to my
homepage and now you'll see I have an
updated list and actually I was wrong it
is stuck in alphabetical order so if you
made an account called ah you're gonna
do way better than anyone that made in
the Cal called za z za z zu because
they're gonna be at the bottom but you
can have at least a top 10 so that uh
you know you can be like oh I wonder if
did I miss something from blackboxtv I
don't want to scroll boom because of my
favorite channel I can see that all
activity
and uploads only that sev free pretty
much it for the main page I mean there
is the would popular on YouTube oh I
could just click the Browse button but I
guess I won't then trending popular
music entertainment I mean cool things
then of course you have suggested
channels makes it easier I know a lot of
there there things are a big focus on
channels and premium content and then in
the next and the upcoming months so
that's kind of cool let's go to the
channel page though some changes here so
as you can see there we go a little
bland but right it's so different I'm
like what did the other page look like
you're gonna have several options here
I've picked the what is it called Phil
what does it call Phil the blogger set
up so bloggers set up allows me to still
have my my autoplay main video that I
won't be able to see if when they're
like hey I wonder what Phil made let's
go to youtube.com slash sxephil which is
yesterday's video and then you have all
the videos listed from newest down to
oldest and that I'd recommend the
blogger one all the other ones are kind
of kind of just a clusterfuck if you're
big on playlist then you can do creator
creator is kind of cool because it is a
focus on playlist but not really needed
blogger is the best one and it's also
the best one because when someone goes
hey I haven't seen this new video and
they click it something very cool
happens I'm in edit mode aren't i GM it
damn it and I'm gonna be too lazy to
edit it out of the video oh my goodness
so I'm gonna click this video and what
happens it puts you in a place that I
don't know what this is though download
video from up someone had to plug in
anyways that's not a feature that's just
someone using my computer when I wasn't
looking but so it's really cool is it
adds you into a playlist so the idea
here is to keep a user on a channel get
them really into it and have longer
viewing sessions I mean this is just a
big Internet push for you know you
she was not just cat videos it's you
sitting down for 30 minutes an hour
because I think right now the average
person watches only I thinked well the
number is constantly changing but I
think 12 to 18 minutes of online video
and day compared to the average of God
knows how many hours of TV so I think
this the addition of playlist when you
click any button it people this want you
there on the site longer I think it's
smart I think it's really good for
content creators I'm all for it and
that's other than the channel page being
bland which I'm currently there's
there's really nothing special about
this I can click edits I can add my
facebook my Twitter which is you know
it's cool not really I'm like I'm like
is this no doesn't matter you can add
links easy a lot of this is is really
less but I think it's uh I don't even
know why why it's really there I'm
trying I'm trying to justify a lot of
these changes because a lot of me is
staying relevant is me you know just
embracing all the changes that happen
here on YouTube but you know some of it
it's it's a little bland but I think the
idea is to keep everything very similar
kind of in the in the difference between
Facebook to MySpace not not saying old
YouTube was customizable to the ugly
degree that myspace was but a lot of
order here and so the only other
difference is you have feed which is
essentially just all your activity that
you want to share that's when I make
playlists favorite videos post a
bulletin videos that's really it the big
the big thing that actually matters to
you is the the YouTube homepage and I
think I've you know explained how it's
gonna make sense to you that's about it
but and of course gray everything's gray
isn't it beautiful and things and stuff
but um yeah I hope that that helps you
specifically with your subscriptions
because then at the end of the day
that's really most everything that
matters and yeah I'm gonna go to dinner
I've been talking so much love you faces
and I'll see you soon
