hello hello sup lagging the top people
so i'm just waking up and i'm about to
film the philip defranco show but I was
like I enjoyed the vlog yesterday and
and actually I don't know it's
interesting like actually seeing
comments again about my life more than
just like topics i'm talking about and i
say interesting because it is it's a lot
different because if you attack my
opinions I'm like oh a debate but if you
attack me I'm like oh fuck your bite
what bipolar I enjoyed it I liked some
of your stories that you wrote in the
comments to about like how you're a good
guy but you know everyone's got that two
percent were they like what the fuck is
your problem except they're not whisper
screaming I'm just a big fan of whispers
screaming my mom was always a very loud
person like and so she would really
scream so it bothers me to actually be
that loud so what I'm like arguing with
Lindsay I'm like how are you doing what
the hell is because I feel like if I
whisper scream it's not really screaming
I don't know if that count today and
yesterday was a good day yesterday was
mostly like going over to pre-human
peoples and signing a bunch of posters I
still got a sign about a thousand today
so we can ship them out today and get
them to you ASAP we're going through the
initial steps of setting up SourceFed
which is really cool like actually
surrounding myself with really good on
camera people again no no it's just a
very creative time right now and it's
awesome on two fronts because there's
you know the philip defranco show and
and getting a lot of order to the chaos
that was that and then there's a for
human people's front which it really
makes me exciting because we get to just
like make cool so I think it's like in a
week and a half or so we're gonna we're
gonna release these for Christmas
pre-order and it is so cool like I can't
I'm like ah is the best thing a bar
that's just like one of four designs
going on the next month and screen
printing is just one of those fun
hobbies for me because if you remember
if you're an old school like Billy Dee
fan or whatever you want to call
yourself you might remember when I made
the first ever sxephil shirt and the
reason we made them was the partner
program I either didn't exist or like it
was terrible and I put
pay my rent and I was like let's make a
t-shirt and me and Lindsey or Lindsey
and I whatever you want to say properly
who cares about verbiage and words and
uh oh like even way back then before FHP
was a company I mean the shirts and I
made the screens and Lindsey was packing
them it's just cool also I think I
wanted to pass on this Saturday is the
first ever time removing Movie Club back
over to this channel it's not really
Movie Club it's just whatever we want to
watch and if you're familiar with how
like movie club and that sort of thing
work send in a video response of your
opinion / review of the thing that we
watch and like things it made you think
keep it under like three to five minutes
that way we're not looking for a 15
minute video so we can use you for 15
seconds the thing we are going to watch
is surviving the cut my buddy is Kevin
Brueck and Richard Ryan we're telling me
about it and it's awesome your watch the
first episode which is Ranger School and
then send a video response to this video
of your opinion / probably remember I
might use it in the saturdays videos
yeah I think that's really a time in a
very good mood today yesterday was an
awesome day today Lindsay's back home
gonna be like sammiches and weird sex
that's always a good day I always just I
always just like to mention the sex
because I know Lindsay's dad watches
these videos anyway I love you rick and
i love you you faces nation this is
gonna be weird for christmas and i'll
see you in a bit Oh everybody and to
prove it he decided to make the flu that
could kill everybody because what better
way to prove that there will be a threat
in the future than to make that threat
yourself
