hello bloggers it's a people's it's
Monday specifically cyber monday you do
not know what that is I will get to it
eventually but first my feelings oh oh
another twenty percent of you left
because you're like I don't want to hear
this guy talk about feelings I was on
tumblr this morning because that's the
backbone of my website fill edv and part
of be having a tumblr is searching for
stuff you think is cool / tumblring your
name to see if people are making funny
pictures value / lying about she's very
interesting some of you write very odd
fanfiction leave it about that but thank
you for thanking my penis is huge not
sure but I like the fan fiction but I
saw this post on this youtuber
confession tumblr and it was like I was
an intern feeling he was a douchebag and
I was like why first of all ninety-five
percent chance that person didn't work
for me and secondly it could have been
someone I mean granted half of the fun
of the internet of someone saying
something anonymously and then you try
to figure out if it is a lie and I was
like maybe it's true because you know
we've had twenty interns and we've only
hired on three and it's not even based
on skill or personality if you when it
comes down to and this might rub some
people the wrong way initiative and when
I say like ninety-five percent chance
that this is not true it's because I
still have a good relationship of a lot
of our intern I mean a lot of the non
hiring came out to money issues but it
really did come down to initiative
because here's how it is if you are an
intern for me and maybe you will be
because in January were bringing up some
more interns but here's how it kind of
works as an intern you come in and
initially right off the bat you just get
coffee and like supplies and things and
then you like hold the ladder for
someone setting up lights and then you
set up the lights and then someone's
like hey can you get b-roll on this
shoot and then maybe you shoot at the
main camera and then you learn to edit
it and then you do other stuff but it
all comes down to not necessarily your
skill set that does come into it but
it's about initiative it'll get two
different stories the first story this
guy Mitch very cool in turn came from
Canada came down very awesome guy first
and second day he was like hey how about
I fix the audio of your show I didn't
ask him he just did it and showed me
this very cool thing that he could do
and they've also been people like Mitch
did
have that necessary skill set but were
like hey can I do this and they usually
did that in the 1st to 4th week but we
have also had people that very nice
people never asked the gist it's so
simple and I don't and of almost don't
want to say it because i feel like i'm
giving away for future interns but what
can i do Oh magical words and so that's
really the only way I could thank
someone's like he's a douche bag because
I didn't hire someone because as far as
like personality I am a very nice person
I kind of kick it up a notch or videos
but I feel it was pretty nice guy like
the only time I've gone into an argument
with like an intern was they were like
David Tennant sucks and I was like not
my house don't you dare say nothing
about tenant double negatives are loud
now the main thing that I want to get
across with this was it really is it's
true whether for this interning thing or
just anything in life and that is if you
want something speak up because if you
don't you most likely won't get it in
that really it's just like a variation
of that Woody Allen phrase half the
battle is showing up I probably fucked
up that phrase but yeah I'm a Monday
started and also I've mentioned this on
my blog but I haven't made like a fish
Allah announcing it to channels like
totally awesome and stuff Phil likes
will be done in the next two weeks stuff
he likes and I'm just gonna be really
blunt i forget what contracts we signed
was a thing where we were working with
youtube to see how playlist work i
really enjoyed it i will utilize
playlist in the future but it doesn't
need its own channel as far as me
hosting if you enjoyed the past month
and a half with kevin link to his
channel down below he is awesome and
he's gonna keep doing stuff and when I
like a few videos I'm gonna set up a
playlist at the end of these or other
videos so it didn't really need its own
channel and it was really fun to mess
around with then like totally awesome
which is essentially Movie Club like
totally awesome gun Movie Club which I'm
turning into just kind of watch stuff
together thing will be one time a week
Saturday's on this channel tell you what
we're watching this week probably
wednesday ish yeah move it here one time
a week it's really manageable and still
fun and so that's really it as far as
the channel closing things it's just if
they don't need their own chat and
closing those down allow me to free up
staff my time to launch SourceFed which
I talked about monday that's not gonna
be out til december january but look
forward to it i think it's gonna be a
lot of fun essentially a lot of what i'm
doing but better with more people
oh my god I'm excited unless they want
to talk about today is cyber monday
which is essentially like a black friday
but without giant people trampling each
other over to dollar waffle iron you
know it's on the internet it's really
chill really good prices bloody blah
blah blah this being the first year that
actually have a company that sells stuff
I was like oh sabbah Monday mofo and so
a bunch of the posters and stuff for
five to twenty dollars off now that's
the love poster the doctors poster the
propaganda the monkey and the big thing
a lot of you guys said you wanted on
Twitter when I was like what should the
sound be was the signed posters that are
normally like twenty nine ninety nine
nine dollars 99 cents I do not think my
signature is worth twenty dollars but it
is something I put in place so i didn't
have to sign like a million things I
just look at John grey and I'm like that
dude had to go to the doctor he signed
so many things no but for the next 24
hours if you want to contribute to my
future arthritis twenty dollars off the
posters also to answer a very silly
question someone asked me no I do not
charge people for signatures in real
life in person just if I signed every
poster from FHP I wouldn't get any work
done that's the main thing I want to
talk about today oh it was a lot of
information if you want to check out
today's philip defranco show i probably
posted one of those i would figure but
i'm gonna go back to skyrim cuz i'm a
nightingale werewolves Dragonborn who
kicks out of the winds ass on a regular
basis that's so nerdy anyways love your
faces we'll see you next time
I
