hey hey hallo ice hey little ice what
you doing what you doing playa what's
she doing hey I'm home where's the other
dog are you committing hate crimes again
no you're just laying down um hey some
home I'm so happy one didn't die on the
plane too for the next 48 to 72 hours I
will most likely not see another human
being like here in my face and that's
awesome things have changed because you
know time next thursday the kind of bird
put it was silent but smelt ha ha next
thursday i'm going to be 26 wow wow wow
it is time has flown since I was 21 now
scientifically they say that it's
because you have more time under your
belt so your perception of time is
different and fuss it seems like it's
gone faster that's the thing but it's it
I'm just I've been thinking one I'm
crazy too I wasn't high in that other
video everyone feels though hi I'm just
a crazy person I just tone it down for
the videos but things have changed when
I was 21 and younger all I wanted to do
was be surrounded by people the one to
talk to me and needed me no no I say
this is a person that has had to
experience real adulthood and
responsibility for far too many years no
well yes but I need a break so for the
next 48 to 72 hours I'm not anyone's
boss I'm not working for anyone I'm
knowing son I'm not like a legitimate
father to anyone I'm nothing I'm just a
dude in a room
playin wit as we yeah it's probably
gonna be porn involved but I was talking
about Skyward Sword I'm just so happy oh
oh man I'm 26 soon that's bad anyways
just want to get that out I'm home if
you're one of my friends and I don't
call you this week I don't answer you
don't take it personally I don't dislike
you I just just like all other human
beings for a short temporary time only
bad part might be a little harder to
sleep because there's no Lindsey to
snuggle up to but good thing I get to
wake up blast music and I could be like
ah I don't know why I would scream in
the morning but I could if I wanted to
and no one could be like goodness oh you
don't have rain I don't know what how do
you just you just ignore it it is like
dad is being daddy he feeds me and he
hugs me and it gives me these bones that
are like the sounds of my face isn't
this amazing imagine if you had like a
thing that you chewed on there was the
size of your face ah so many so many
going down on girl jokes I am gonna go
away if you're bored you should google
something called g-spot massage you're
welcome girlfriends of my viewers ting
