hey what's up logotyp people look
there's this girl hey I can't help that
I'm loud just starving can you make sex
noises so the neighbors don't think that
I'm blogging but we're having like weird
sex do it oh my god I feel us oh my god
is that room service nope there's not
room service so hey nation i just spent
it at his room service yeah i think it's
outside can you see can you can you run
can you run that's not working out for
you is it um so hey I just I just got in
stop giggling you're ruining my blog you
know this means so much I don't know I
am screaming I can't help it has got a
DM it's been Floyd Mayweather ok so hey
logotype people's um I know you're
thinking you think it fails stop posting
so many vlogs you spam in my inbox I'm
sorry I've been trying to keep it down
and things and stuff but I did just
finish Thanksgiving which is awesome but
coming back for thanksgiving is a little
different for me it's not like I just
eat a lot for you okay oh you're like a
little retarded you okay yeah are you
gonna make it be it daddy needs you to
be a strong soldier okay just that Daddy
things give you a strong soldier just
yeah it's a cool story if you could
write can you write a blog about it i'll
read about it later that's definitely
room service okay so this is so we just
got back and may point the long-winded
statement i was about to make my parents
over feed me like I'm a little future
veal and and they're like sit down eat
and I'm gonna back away kitchen is that
is it room service ok it's not I don't
know why I'm terrified these would be
like you're vlogging you don't get this
crab macaroni and cheese it's done
anxious so main point my parents over
feet
because they make delicious Italian food
and it's delicious and I can't help but
eat it and and yeah so I'm pretty sure
all the progress I made you know the
progress that I was tweeting about
because my doctor was like you should go
to die because you're gonna die of a
heart attack yeah I think I'd like undid
all of the head and a gained like 10
pounds this week I don't know I just
know everything tastes really good but
yeah but yeah and and what else was
going to say something else I was
checking out my views checking up good
views okay um main point happy
thanksgiving and also
Sam else can't remember I love you
though in the face happy thanksgiving
and if you don't celebrate thanksgiving
happy day that we gave indian smallpox
or what ah that what happens
