oh hello oh my goodness tuesday i miss
Lou pakka lips I was on a plane planes
uh for 20 hours I'm very tired what
second of it drink this coffee off
camera mmm Oh coffee you feel so good my
throat what it's that's the third time I
said that shit today and only two times
about coffee oh gay jokes but I am home
I am home literally home not a peep not
even at the office as you can tell
there's no white board how did he get a
window i'm at my house we're in the
middle of switching offices and i was
like i really like blue I can't film
without below so i might film from here
a lot while we re transition but i'm
really i'm just happy to be back I've
been overseas for 30 days very awesome
experience definitely learned a lot of
things as far as like how will want to
travel in the future in the future we
will have flying cars and also I think
I'm probably going to to just travel for
like two or three weeks instead of an
entire month and I just won't have
philip defranco shows for those two
weeks just so we can like keep traveling
and traveling and only stay in each
place for like 2-3 days because it's
very fun to stay somewhere for seven
days and you get accustomed to it but if
i'm not doing shows and i can go to a
lot more places and experience things
faster because i'm just thinking wait i
kind of want to do the math on this i'm
just gonna guess i just spent 13
hundredth of my life overseas is that
true I don't know time gets away from me
speaking of time it is my four year
anniversary with Lindsay which is
awesome because I was like three years
till I get to come on her face without
are yelling at me I think that's the
rule I think we're kind of like I tried
to explain this to my dad we're kind of
like
Steve Jobs like we have the technology
and the ability to release everything
now but we realized that if we hold off
then people will buy the phils penis for
s in the future with coming on your face
technology it's revolutionary I don't
know I just made it half of that up I
don't even know what parts cuz I'm so
jet-lagged it's eight o'clock but my
body my body is telling me it's 3pm
overseas because that's what we're used
to we how can I separate my brain from a
body I don't know I don't know um but
yeah main point I'm back it was an
amazing experience not even sure what
I've said at this point I uh I do want
to thank everyone that I met along the
trip it was amazing i especially want to
thank the i think it was like between
1400 and 1,900 people that came to the
franco does dublin and watch me do my
first-ever live show it was like 90
minutes i think and it was and it was
fantastic being in front of you guys I
have never quite had an experience like
that in my life I think to this day
DeFranco does dublin those like four
hours i was like the the best moment
moments of my life so it was it was kind
of like a confirmation that some of the
stuff I do is important and and it's
super super needed sometimes I mean you
can you can be watching someone and then
your opinion drastically change about
them after one video but just like
seeing these people that had been with
me some someone recently didn't even
didn't even know me and like the front
was like you got to see this guy plus
it's free muthafucka and and some people
that have watched me since the black and
white days so it was it was just it was
really it was really cool and I don't
know we have we have a lot of footage I
want it to be really good so I kind of
want to put a bunch of staff on it and
actually like you know have have people
that are capable work on it so we will
probably release that after a while if
you were there and you took a picture
put up all the pictures and stuff in the
next 24 hours we just once again we just
got home but yeah um there's there's a
lot more to talk about I'm just going to
put up another vlog tomorrow when my
brain doesn't hurt so much to be on and
yeah I just want to say i love you'
faces i'm back though I was never really
gone yeah
