hello nation I haven't made a vlog be in
a little bit and so I wanted to say hey
um let's see hit it 25 26 25 26 days in
to the Europe trip meaning that we only
have about five six days left one before
the trips over to before DeFranco does
Dublin which is supposed to be our
biggest meet up of the entire thing and
also a very scary day for me because
I've never been on stage before by
myself and I guess we're gonna test out
that out in front of a thousand 2,200
people so we'll see we'll see how that
goes uh but uh you know in Prague right
now possibly if you if you're traveling
blah blah blah blah Prague is probably
one of the most beautiful places I've
been a lot of people said really the
only negative thing pickpockets have not
been pickpocketed yet so I'm happy beer
is cheaper than water here which is a
little weird but um yeah just taking a
little downtime drinking some jameson
prepping my liver for DeFranco does
dublin reading the Steve Jobs biography
and I wanted to share with you the the
Prague meet up otherwise known as the
meetup where I was 15 minutes late
because we got lost yep
we're going to the meetup at Winston's
last square and it's freezing we're
walking let's do the fork in the garbage
disposal ding ding ding ding ding ding
ding
winning big dog there's this one it's
gonna be this cool up everybody like who
are you no I'm just damn it I'm sorry
how long have you guys been here for
like a three hours you are freezing
loves us large I know right that's a lot
you actually have a prison for ya yeah
it's our flag this is awesome yeah and
it says ready girls buildin we wanted to
thank you so much for coming to crack
and for doing this meetup that's amazing
yeah really happy and proud to for you
to be here yeah so this is for you to
say thank you and we hope you will
remember this to friend of mine we're
live in let's go to drag me to I said
yeah why not very cool of you to be here
because yeah and maybe really figured if
you stop by in Czech Republic everyone I
talked to that likes travel says frogs
most beautiful place on the planet and
yeah it's cool cuz it's like it's really
quite classic how many people are
actually from here we are
heredia and I'm from Slovakia originally
from Pakistan in austria from Czech
Republic George I'm from London from
Israel I'm from Oklahoma Seattle
Washington from New York from Brazil
Minnesota Florida Norway my name is
castagna using Santa Monica Australia
pretty much every time we have internet
just bang on the philly do that's the
only one get on you most entertaining
way anyway okay I feel like it's a great
way to stay in contact with you know
that was happening in America you don't
really know that much about it from here
he actually shows us things that we
don't see on our own news station to us
the first thing I do every morning is
tur on his videos and just to be happy
for me he makes me laugh it's amazing
how did it become like part of my
routine like I have to watch him or else
it's like crazy shown you actually watch
no medical just like a good way to get
like all my new perspective and I try
yeah so we went down to the London me up
and there was just so many people that
everyone was really cool like we were
there we turned up like a couple of
hours before when everyone's playing
injury was hanging out but it just got
crazy as soon as Phil turned up he was
just swamped and the heats coming down
and no one had any bad intention just
got a bit insane i think and i'm not
annoyed yet to cancel it I don't think
anyone else is because it's not as for
he's doing it just to make sure
everyone's all good you know that it
looks like I get up I'm terrified or if
if I'm having the time of my life I
think having the time ago no you
probably terrified there so thanks these
people are awesome
because
strategy oh we got we got some time off
right now just just stayin alive stayin
alive to the end
strategies that they've been working on
for a year now
Wow
my name's Richard and I just one never
filming when I say bye and then it's
like the cheesiest fake is by ever so uh
really Hawaii Rajjo
an amazing person and you'd think when
you meet him he'd be different but
definitely not he's like really sweet so
it was really nice to meet him I mean
literally go from there is a boat on
this house to this and that's amazing so
what happy store to make you feel warm
and fuzzy of the day we move on to a
story that makes me feel warm and fuzzy
but mainly in my pants read
