hello violet I people's imma just
chillin here before we go out that's my
last night in Berlin gonna do it up like
a motherfuckin get pizza or something
nothing really extravagant we trying to
keep it come because I actually you know
for a big guy I have no tolerance
whatsoever I'm like one drink in right
now I'm flying so uh just a big thing
before I show you the Berlin meetup
which was fantastic i love seeing your
guys faces if you are going to the
prague meetup link in the description to
possibly come i think it's it's one of
our smallest meetups which means i'm
going to be kissing all of you on the
mouth not actually i'm not going to do
that but i'll be able to definitely one
hundred percent see all of you as long
as you have patience and two if you're
going to double in a big update you
don't necessarily have to buy a ticket
for the full information on that check
out the philip defranco show today is
very big news very awesome news main
points if you don't have money you can
definitely get in if you did buy a
ticket which are no longer available
you're essentially a VIP or you can get
a refund wait to the philip defranco
show to make a decision but with no
further ado or a little a deal uh this
is me doing berlin
I mean I started watching your show like
three years ago who would have ever
thought I would see you in Berlin yeah I
love that she comes here to meet awesome
I never thought that I meet Phil ed in
real life and it proves it yes big heart
anyway like every morning I get up and I
see like it was just posted anything it
also really alone I so be sure you could
catch TV a shit over here so i just want
this show also for us over here in
germany just on europe general just an
interesting way to watch the news from
the United States a lot of stuff they
just don't write in the papers over here
no job it no I nothing nothing nothing
whatever actually I what I do is I just
make a few Italian words that I know so
they don't think I'm like a stupid
American and that's the only thing I can
try that ok I'm just gonna start acting
to care
all over the world
alpha my creatures answer from Detroit
Michigan
hi my name is Danny lagoon Alexandra
from the United States hi I'm Mona from
bro ill and you're watching s egg first
time in Germany first time Germany it
was my first time in London rods after
this for some Paris
you
you
parsi my favorite part of the chosen one
still says hi my name's Phil DeFranco
and you're watching the phils DeFranco
show and that's been watching so
it's so much fun I was like every day I
think fit of is probably the last
bastion of common sense for me to head a
few the field reports a lot in my
economics class and I could actually a
one-and-one report I did from his show
stuff the likes it's very cool i like a
movie I get to know a lot of new movies
that I'd never heard great all the hot
girls talk about the girls yeah hey girl
the hop naked ladies thanks that he's a
really funny guy and sometimes he's made
really good jokes on YouTube that have
brought me through some kind of kind of
hard times thanks covered out it was
awesome yes
doing this now worried about to say
really cool stuff about me is that about
awesome oh yeah i'ma go over here don't
say anything awesome about me
motherfucker um yeah awesome i watch
your show because it's fucking awesome
you're awesome he's awesome awesome
still love your face we love your face I
feel I love you and I love your face and
go still awesome and I am an au pair I
look after little baby yeah and he was
crying like hardcore one day and his mom
had to go to work she brought him in to
me and I happened to be watching your
show and he like immediately stop crying
and pointed at the computer and actually
a really good childcare tool but yeah
thank you for Graham and I thrilling
game ninja lose your innocence everybody
everybody fit in the circle
ha
oh hey guys thanks for coming out and
stuff and being awesome yeah it's
awesome how are you sugar can have so
many so many fans around the world and
you see like we she's logging in LA and
we are here in Berlin and still watching
the show it's awesome
reportedly Gaddafi was hiding in a hole
when rebels found out his only weakness
bullets and that's where according to
reports Gaddafi was shot snot instantly
killed but he did die of his wounds
