sup bloggers new digs as you can tell I
don't know how we keep choosing places
with red and blue but apparently that's
something that we're doing just landed
in Berlin had a a fond farewell with
Amsterdam Amsterdam top peoples were
amazing which really helped me to speak
English my god and now I got AIDS and be
so yeah I love fillory much money just
brighten my day any time down
no I love the show mother every moment
of it keep up the good work I loved all
of your faces were coming out and
hanging out with me you don't only
people are wondering where we're staying
in London we stayed at a hostel and
amsterdam we played we stated sista this
amazingly awesome place if you want to
check it out like in the description
main thing I could sleep on the floor
for all I care it had good internet it
was like is really nice it was like good
location to the red light district and
the trams which took us to oh my god the
the van gogh museum was amazing like
just going into the van Gogh Museum and
the way that it's laid out you kind of
see like where he started where I don't
like any of Van Gogh's earlier work but
then you see like he moved to Paris and
all of a sudden he was like starts
messing around with that I think it's
called pointillism probably gotten that
wrong but everything's like brighter and
beautiful and kind of awesome but and
even when you like learn more about him
and you realize how tortured he was like
most creative people just a tortured
soul it was amazing to be in there and
then seeing like what his inspirations
were at van gogh museum probably my
favorite thing out of Amsterdam I mean
we went to the Heineken factory which is
kind of nice except after the full tour
and taste test I realize I don't like
heineken we're in Berlin now and
everyone service back so I'm pretty
pumped about that and of course Anne
Frank House the red light district so
yeah now we all in Berlin which is kind
of exciting because you know we've been
traveling for about 14 15 days so far
and places that everyone kind of speaks
English but now Berlin no one speaks
english earliest the people we've met so
far but they've been very awesome and
what I could have noticed along the
strip so far is London people awesome
happy harris people everyone just seems
sad Amsterdam happy rightfully so
because of the weed and then here
everyone's happy I mean a lot of people
wearing gold chains like it's like 1990s
New York but it's kind of fantastic so
we're gonna go on a walking tour today
one of the big things we do when we
visit a place is to take like a bus tour
or walking tour get situated with all
the sights tomorrow we have the Berlin
meet up which is awesome I think about a
hundred people rsvp'd will rock through
the meet-and-greet maybe play some ninja
and yeah things and stuff works if you
are in Berlin this the first you're
hearing about it link below to know
where the Berlin meetup is we're also
having a meetup in Prague and of course
the crazy Dublin thing which if you if
you do not know about the Dublin thing
there are tickets to go there's a whole
video about it on the the sxephil
channel check it out words and stuff I'm
gonna go over a walking tour we're gonna
be late cuz I'm talking to a camera hi
so what's actually what's going to
happen QA show type event where you guys
in the audience ask a question for like
90 to 120 minutes and then afterwards in
a very organized another riot type way
we'll do an awesome meet and greet
