blog eat at people so one of the
interesting things that we've been doing
it all the meetups is playing ninja
ninja if you are not familiar is one of
my favorite games of all time ever
because you don't actually have to be
like physically fit or talented or
really anything to be able to play
and/or win you know we did it with like
a hundred plus people at VidCon and it
was super fun we gave the winner there
its reasons of dollars and then we were
like hey let's play ninja and amsterdam
except the winner doesn't get money
because the pound and the euro fucking
with my bank account right now so Greece
if your economy is going to collapse
anytime soon if you could do it now and
just get the terribleness over so my
dollar is worth more that would be
appreciated or don't either way really
like i was saying we're playing ninja
and it was awesome
get a fun group of people I think a
300-plus showed up to the meetup about
fifty to a hundred stayed for the big
game and injure at the end because I
love competition I joined in the first
game which gets you into the final game
to possibly become the nether ninja we
didn't fail but I did win because
everyone in the circle was trying to hit
me and so they were just like really
vulnerable to people behind them and
they got bak ah that's what happens and
so I made to the final round which I was
kind of excited the guys that might have
been embarrassing
sure gonna change down to the final
three honestly the only person at this
time I'm worried about is the kid with
the backpack she's way too fast then we
had the battle of the century for that
day
when
or something and I one that was the end
of the story I one which is pretty cool
and then I had everyone play again and
then we we crowned the nether ninja mom
come op adorn a good time keep in mind
if we're gonna have some meetups one
know how to play ninja link in the
description to an instructional video I
made and two I don't know what I was
gonna say but I'm gonna chill here I'm
stirred up for a little longer and then
I go to Berlin on Friday not sure what
to do in Berlin except yep so that's the
thing i love your faces and i'll see you
soon there you go awesome more attention
between the u.s. and a run I wonder what
could go wrong and we move on
