Oh
mungkin eat at people we are at some
certain square type area in Amsterdam we
just finished a comedy show some drinks
some other stuff hanging out with the
beautiful people in the beaut beautiful
places and gotta sing am stand people
lovely people and also marijuana that's
a good thing too
we're going to the meetup and it's cold
and rainy but we're doing it anyways and
we kind of change the location last
minute so we don't know how many people
aren't going to be there yet we've
tweeted about it we put on a Facebook
page but well we'll see how it does we
have a nice little entourage going on
here
I hope you like the sandwich I a very
hard for it so we should question your
way back in the US was a Medicare answer
for so long I probably check everything
everyone else mother fucker we are also
your pop most innovation I really love
i'm watching singular almost since
beginning make sure the new shoes basic
wasn't on your news we wouldn't advise
has ever done that so we're going to be
doing now is we will be doing an intro
for phils blog I'm sorry for pts my
mistakes
I
you
we drove like two and half hours to get
here what up blog he apparently i'm
doing a blogger tea while surrounded by
people that watch the blogging I don't
know what to say because I don't know
put on her put it on him he was you're
talking this is all the people of
Amsterdam we love Phil just keep doing
what you're doing in there I'm shaking
awesome man he makes me happy I real of
watching Phil DeFranco yeah every week i
watch the frankish oh I just met him and
signature right here I'm a t-shirt keep
doing what you're doing because it's
awesome love you I still love of love
and keep doing your thing built we're
calling you for a few years and your job
on the work on continue oh thank you for
staying the other ones awesome other
book you want to say thank you for
coming out and then staying this is
awesome and I love your faces tell you
all that stuff we said we're taking it
back which the world was like what yes I
get instant streaming and DVDs again for
999 and Netflix was like no no I mean
with the name the quickster things
stupid name
