Pop's it is odds one 10:30 in the
morning October 5th it's actually 11:30
I didn't reset my watch for France I'm
in France I was in London
17 hours ago ish and now in front of the
Eiffel Tower also going to the other
thing and then the other thing and then
we're gonna get the hell out of this
country go back to London then we're
going to Amsterdam afterwards and I'm
not even gonna lie to you I am probably
going to smoke a lot of marijuana and
alayan parks
and bright bicycles I'm gonna become
essentially a hippie for seven days
which I'm really excited about and then
Sunday I'm not going to do any of those
things and then I'm gonna meet 300 ish
people from the nation and because we
know it to be somewhat prepared we're
gonna we're gonna you know play some
ninja have some fun we're still setting
up for Dublin to find a place I can
actually how was 14 to 17 hundred people
but um I want to make this video not to
talk about all that stuff and be like
hey from London the Eiffel Tower it made
me think of you because made me think of
a statue of liberty of course there's
the French Connection and how I was it's
like one of my first memories it was
like when I was eight I don't remember a
lot of my child but I remember I was
like eight we were at the park we were
swinging me by my hands which by the way
very dangerous lots of possible chances
for me to die but then I saw the Statue
of Liberty and I was like Daddy what is
that and you said words I don't remember
I was eight and and then you took me up
and it was awesome and I think the same
day we went to a Yankees game and my I
think it was a burro Siri no now I'm
just making stuff up in my brain of an a
hero
I think it was a borough serious and we
watched the Mets lose and that was like
the best day of my life and from then on
how is the ankus fan and then hated by
every other major fan of any other team
so yeah that's what I was thinking of
randomly also that I love you and I miss
you I'm gonna try and chat with you once
once I actually got a decent connection
I have one ish tonight it should be
actually yeah I'm gonna before I upload
this video I want to try and chat with
you I love you and I'll see you soon oh
there's Lindsay by the way she's over
there you raised me so well
bye pops I love you co-founder and
former CEO of Apple Steve Jobs is dead
at the age of 56 Jobs was diagnosed with
pancreatic cancer in 2004 his failing
health forced him to resign his role as
Apple CEO earlier this year
