LED
hello lovely people this is the first
video from the eurotrip we're in London
England for those of you that don't know
where Londoners which is in the United
Kingdom which is on the other side of
the planet I'm a geography major this is
actually to the nation not to my pops
this time but to the nation we had a
first meet up yesterday and I want to
talk about the good the bad and how
we're going to change stuff from here on
out so the good 1700 people rsvp'd which
I was like wow that's a lot of love from
London and it was there was so many
faces I got to me a bunch of you I'm
kind of gutted that I wasn't able to see
all of you but it was a very good time I
showed up everyone was like having a
good time meeting each other playing
ninja by the way if you've never gone
through DeFranco meet up or just any
meet up in general even if you go by
yourself and I know that sounds scary if
you go by yourself you will walk away
with five like 20 new friends that's
just the way it works you have something
in common that you really really care
about and you're going to a place where
other people really really care about is
it sucks when you're like talking about
YouTube video and you're talking someone
that really like they don't care about
YouTube like whatever whatever you say
but here you're talking to people
they're like I know that one you quote
videos and aw nerds I love it so
everyone was super welcoming everyone is
really nice hugging written by the way
when you ladies get so sexy I was not
able to meet everyone as you know if you
went if you did not go or have not heard
we had to cancel about an hour and a
half two hours in and the story goes
like this you know we got 1,700 RSVPs
and then we started seeing messages like
hallway actually I'm not going to be
able to go but people weren't removing
their RSVP so we're like oh the numbers
probably to be smaller there's gonna be
one two maybe 2,000 people the only
thing we could relate to as far as like
sheer amount of people showing up was
Vancouver Vancouver we had to meet up
and there are about 300 people and I was
like well a thousand people that's only
like three times
times we don't even have security for
Vancouver we get some security here easy
peasy turns out no that is not true have
some sense of order i paid for a private
security to uh you know try and manage
the inner circle of what i call the
death circle that circle sounds terrible
because the potential for it to be
terrible is very high it's something
youtubers do naturally and that is I
they see a youtuber they see like person
they want to go see they surround them
not because they're like trying to kill
them but just because they're trying to
you know get close hey I want to get a
picture out of the giant group of people
and so we had the three security but it
was very hard to communicate to the
entire group now was it advertising the
security because I don't want to be look
oh so popular I have to have security
but it was recommended it was very
necessary and after the fact i am very
very glad we we had some security there
and just to put across how much i really
really like these meetups and want to
see you and have a sponsor for the event
i paid out of pocket which was a hefty
amount especially in pound for a
security team but ultimately my
inexperience with events of this size
part of the reason it didn't work you
know they did an awesome job they try to
get everyone to back up but people were
so excited they kept pushing in and I'm
fine with people being close to me but
people started literally getting pushed
over and it started getting a little
scary there towards the end once again
nothing but really really excited people
know when there was literally there was
no asshole there but towards the end
what started as a hey Phil do you want
to take a break and I was like yeah I
could use some water you know my
throat's getting a little tired and so
we started moving but then people
started running trying to get pictures
in the front and people started getting
knocked over and got a little shaky
there for a second it's a right near the
end they were like maybe we need to just
reassess how we do this and then people
started like running and screaming and
so then the security thing was like no
we're not doing this we're calling it
there's no way this crowd can be
controlled there would have to be about
12 more people there to have some sort
of organization and so it sucks because
security canceled the event and I didn't
get to meet everyone and it's none of
you have sent me emails saying you had a
great time don't feel bad but I do I
honestly I do feel bad even if it's even
if you say it's not my fault I feel bad
because you know I really really like I
wanted to see everyone I had security
there to like eight even though he said
the event was only going 2-5 we're gonna
stay like a ton of time so I got to
everyone so what it means for the future
well one however we
work everything I'm definitely coming
back to London I want you see and love
all of your faces but to this was
definitely an eye-opening experience i
need to change how this works tandem
fields middle a day does not work all
police start looking coming over there
you know there are possible safety
issues so one of the ideas were playing
around with is possibly like renting out
a theater and doing like a 90-minute Q&A
kind of sword along the lines of like
what Kevin Smith does every now and then
using the money from like the cheap
ticket prices maybe we'll have some
merch or something in the front using
that to pay like security the people
working at the theater the venue and you
know just do it really like legit and
after the 90 minute thing you know we'll
do the actual meet-and-greet controls
not scary for anyone because I really do
I loved meeting you guys you know a lot
of tubers do not like the social aspect
of this but I love it like this is it's
the reason I got into this was to talk
to people have them talk to me it's it's
a it's amazing so that's what we're
thinking of right now we're having to
reassess the future meetups during this
euro trip the big one obviously being
Dublin because I think about 1600 people
of RSVP'd for that so we might be trying
to get a theater or some organization
there and doing it that way but the main
point of it is one I love your faces too
I always want to do good by you guys and
once again that's why I'm going to try
and come back to London ASAP with
whatever this reworked like fixed safe
thing is and and and at the end of the
day even though I love you guys and
everyone disappoints you I'd rather
disappoint you all then even one of you
get hurt that would probably be the
worst thing in the world for me anyways
I'm gonna I'm gonna hop off I'm sweating
my ass off in this room since apparently
AC is not a normal thing in this country
because uh it's normally not this is so
hot it's so hot London hi I'm gonna go
to the London Eye or whatever it is the
ious or on something I love you faces
I'll see you later well we do a lot of a
list stuff guys but that's just out of
the pallid out of the universe that
guy's crazy good on you Phil
and the final body count on the Brooklyn
Bridge was 400 people were arrested by
the NYPD and honestly I don't know if
the NYPD realizes this but them over
reacting to the situation just really
makes us very unorganized doesn't really
have a voice protest legitimate
