hello pops um I'm just realizing being
really loud with people in the room so
um I want to give you another update
we're all we're all doing the last
minute before the trip things I got send
you or Matty I thing the PDS what up
Danny giving me scowling looks because
she's not coming with us and making her
work while we're gone yeah that's a pops
I was something uh I didn't mention this
last time we talked is uh we're moving
this thing movin temporarily we're
figuring out where we need to go uh I
currently have a few options trying to
think of how I can say this i currently
have a few options DeFranco show gonna
be there always always and forever right
James always know is that a song that's
not a song dad I'm sorry I'm sorry he's
just being loud we're just uh yeah we're
packing up finishing final edits um oh
oh let's see I wanna Shia uh we have a
even new friends Kevin see papa de
franca how's it going he doesn't like
you he just told me I just take your son
a lot of money when he got his car
that's true I'm one that used to sell
cars I you know I hooked him up I'm not
even pretty I did a pretty good job you
didn't yeah cuz I know that you were all
like you're like if you got a black car
put the dealer on the boat man I don't
want to be one of those people cuz like
the only people i think that can get
away with that are like 16 year old
girls and I mean my negotiating skills
about on par but I Kevin hook me up but
he's a he's gonna be doing stuff he
likes while we're gone uh cuz like i
said leaving for Europe today and let's
see can I sit this down oh yeah yeah
we're moving I mean temporarily we're
moving back into a to my place and we're
gonna set up a room so I can film in
there as well but I mean that the place
i'm leasing is like five bedrooms and I
literally got it
for the pool because you know I've
always wanted a pool and so I was like
only have enough furniture for one room
but I really like the pool so you know
we're moving everything into their
surprisingly there is enough room for
like the entire office and and yet it
seems just like six thousand dollars
between rent business and a business
Internet's like the biggest rip off on
the planet it's like slower than fios
and like four hundred dollars it's not
stupid but um so yeah I mean we're doing
that and I'm just I mainly doing that
cuz I want to rush into anything and
then like regret it because you know if
you don't give people enough time to
look over contracts and you know you
know generation firing firing to be you
that's the thing people transpiring like
you know that
I mean my life my life so we gonna write
a story about me now I don't know I
don't know if anyone's aspiring to be
like me but I think I think oh no god
forbid uh those poor parents those poor
unsuspecting parents yeah and then I
once I'm over there I'll uh just because
it's gonna be so expensive to to call
i'll probably just stick to ichat and
videos for a little bit but mainly I
chat all right well I love you oh well
no no no yeah she gets she could she
could shank a bitch yeah no I'm more
afraid for Matty than the night thing
everyone who everyone's gonna be fun
it's gonna be a good trip it's gonna be
a good trip it's gonna be a good fit but
hey i love you i love you fuck you later
I will yeah yeah whenever sound I love
you but
