hey pops I'm just saying hey again um
I'm just about about ready to leave for
London but more specifically I just
wanted to answer your voicemail which by
the way stop leaving me ten minute
voicemails I do not list I don't want to
like lead you along I don't listen to
ten minute voicemails i scrub through it
like you're Shaytards or a CTFxC blog I
love you I love them really just want to
get to the main points if I could please
the main point you were saying that you
seem to be stressing out about from
minute 82 minutes 11 was was am I going
to be out of a job because YouTube sub
boxes and youtube in general is fucked
no well one I think it's fixed but to no
no actually pops the reason that I've
been able to be semi successful and this
is one of them I have a grown person
almost so you don't need to stress about
me one of the reasons I've been
successful is that my business plan
doesn't revolve necessarily around
content or anything I mean content is
important but my videos that have been
popular just me talking but the big
thing for YouTube but things in general
is to plan for things to sock you are a
pessimist I am a pessimist you always
expect the worst out of people you hope
for the best expect the worse worst
can't say words and so with youtube I
know there are times we're publishing
will not work for two weeks and that's
why awesome guy by the name of Bob Bob
Nedved from VP utils foot room made the
Philly the iphone app which I think like
250,000 people get a text message every
time I upload and it's depending on
their settings philip defranco show one
of these blogs a movie club if they want
or even stuff he likes as of yesterday
and so like that works whether
publishing on YouTube works or not and
that's just because bob is awesome and
he's made it so that you still get
updates even though you
it's not technically sending them out
and then people can watch it on their
phone or their go oh I got a text
message I'm gonna watch it in HD so i
can fill t-bills pores began and then if
course if you can't upload a video they
can always go to the site so I think
that's I mean that's kind of what you
always told me and I mean I mean you're
like the ultra pessimist you're like
yeah if you don't marry a woman until
you've been with her for 18 years
because then she's gonna be ugly and
really she's gonna stick with you you
didn't say that but that's funnier
that's a funnier version your version a
lot more sad that's probably because of
the book the divorce mom but that's a
whole different bag of worms can of
worms no I carry around ziplocs I don't
really know I'm talking about bubs um if
I seem a little out of it it's because I
him I stayed up last night not late or
anything Lindsay an hour how about
packing bags talking about the trip and
Stefan so we went to sleep at like
midnight and the three o'clock in the
morning Lindsay was like in a pseudo
sleep like she was still able to move
and she leaned over my face and said
where's the trolley and I nearly shit
myself because that was that's a
terrifying way to wake up someone
screaming in your face and she went
right back to sleep like nothing
happened and then I couldn't go to sleep
because I realized i was sleeping next
to a fucking crazy person and oh my god
I could I litter I left the I left and
came here it is like is like four
o'clock in the morning right now and I
came here because I have like I have
this irrational fear right um cuz like
you know Lindsay sometimes wakes up or
like there's something weird in the
middle of the night it is like it is one
of my fears that she's gonna sleep walk
to a knife come back and stab me because
she has all these dreams where i'm like
in error dreams i'm cheating on her all
the time and I'm just like you know
she'll wake up she'll be like angry for
like two minutes before she realizes
like I'm not dream Phil I'm real Phil
who's really boring and doesn't cheat on
her what it's like that is likely that
that's what my fears I don't know
awesome awesome I'm gonna get stabbed
death by my crazy girlfriend that's
gonna suck well you called me it's four
o'clock in the morning ah ah ah ok I
have to get off here and take a shower
shoot the show and I have like eight
meetings today cuz we're trying to knock
everything out before before I leave
we're leaving this off I didn't even
tell you that anyway I'm gonna uh I'll
talk to you about it later I love you
I'll talk to you soon you look a
character caricature yes I am acacia
they called me Baldy owe me three grand
I live in finland on here oh he my
mother used to say oh he come inside and
eat the goulash goulash no I call you
all the equal lodge okay I'm swelling
Hey Baby Bop oh my god true
