hello pops uh this video does he is to
you you say I don't call you enough so
uh the rest of you you can be a part of
this conversation but this video's to my
dad hey pops I know they say I don't
call you enough so I want to give you
these random little updates on my life
like in three days i'm leaving i'm done
i'm gonna go to Europe for a month and
that's kind of scary for me you know
when I think about it because I only
left the country like 23 other times
Canada's Canada doesn't really count but
it's oh no it's kind of it's kind of
scary especially two days in I'm gonna
I'm gonna be meeting like around a
thousand people I don't even I don't
even know we're gonna do I'm just gonna
say like hey what up if you wanna be
friends and everyone's be like no we
just realized we hate you because you
are fat we always thought you're
exaggerating but you are and also ugly
and also you're ruining our language so
if you could stop talking you know it's
crazy to have the meetup and and
everything there has to be security
there there's security there even though
the nation's awesome but the way they're
saying it is you know it only takes one
dick face but this is it's crazy right
it's crazy to think about it I'm
globe-trotting not really I'm your
painting for a month your son your son
who it was such a fuck up until like
four years ago I would even argue two
years ago but that's because I know your
son better it's it's trippy distribute
and I don't know I'm really really
really excited and I'm doing it with
some friends so it should be fun but I
don't even I don't even care about
sightseeing I'm gonna go to London I'm
gonna be a part of this thing called
stick aid which is this thing for
charity UNICEF and and then I'm gonna
the next day I'm going to meet a bunch
of people then following week I'm gonna
be there a week in like each place
I'm gonna shoot out a show and then I'm
just gonna not do anything or maybe I'll
go see like Big Ben or the dudes with
fluffy hats or there's a giant Ferris
wheel that's not a ferris wheel but it
is a ferris wheel I'm gonna see that but
i don't care i'm gonna like drink a pint
I'm gonna chill just relax and reflect
on this weird clusterfuck that is my
life you know because I've been thinking
about it you know I mean you're PKD hit
you when you were 35 and so that's kinda
that's kind of how I base my life on
like I've been I've been you know
stressing out because I have this big
decision in my life right do i do I
become this thing that everyone in like
the business aspect wants me to become
which I can do and I can do better than
everyone else well most everyone else or
do I focus on myself and and just kind
of experience life or is there an
in-between and so that's that's that's
where i met you called you say how you
doing that's where I'm at you know and I
know I know you're you always you're the
money man and I agree I agree money is
very important but what would its is the
what the thing that keeps me up at night
is what if I am 35 and I have all that
money but then I can't enjoy it because
of the thing I've been scared of you
know that's the thing that's the thing
that messes with my head but uh yeah so
I'm gonna do these for you I'm gonna
keep you up to date rather than doing
random vlog ADIZ where I'm look hey look
at this tree that I'm gonna keep you up
to date I'm gonna let you know what's up
what's happening and the rest of you
lovelies can listen in because that's
how the internet works and that's what
I'm used to this is normal sharing my
feelings that's so weird to the world ah
terrible um but yeah pops uh I love you
uh say hello to everyone for me I love
you guys will not be a um I'm gonna
go and start test packing because we're
not bringing any uh any checked luggage
it's all carry on for a month so gonna
do that doesn't matter only wear two
pairs of pants ever let him by I lost
your eyes I need to do videos like these
i think is a good idea this is a very
good idea oh shit make sure you i am bi
you're seeing I giving birth to my
mustache
