there we go blah blah blah blah like
fucking Jesus come on the bloopers we
should we do burgers and what better way
to start your day the asian kid singing
backstreet boys sex you're not getting
any so here's the Backstreet Boys where
the fuck is my phone why is it buzzing
is it important Scott fuck this guy oh
it just feels so good that's when the
problem starts another take hey you
click the playlist thank you maybe so
much money haha is there anything more
American than Tony Romo choking in the
fourth quarter hahaha spoken so much
shit for that that's it now I have the
scrambled jets on this one right and
speaking of things that did not want to
glow but may glow in the near future
can't find my fucking story where are
you kitty cat where are you kitty cat
kitty cat we don't care yeah you kidding
ok that kid again Martin seen here
somehow wearing a suit that is bigger
than him where did they get all that
fabric is currently that he could not
offend every single person on the
internet shut up Matt show you goddamn
whore mouth also a quick side note
Martin seen here dressed for his own
funeral really it's just a matter of
time that's terrible Oh or you're like
hey that was fun I'm so glad I subscribe
this channel i'm not a dickface um three
letters I don't keep my bed no not
police control fuck u phone ok cash to
turn where where is it there it is
hahahaha oh why is by at my lab so evil
that's weird don't do that anymore hey
you quitting I'm gonna fucking stop this
