hey blogging to time people I haven't
talked to you in about a week and that's
because I've been so busy but it's not
like the other kind of busy that is good
where I'm like there's loss secret stuff
and exciting I was just I've been
playing video games like crazy for two
days two nights now of like six to eight
our gaming sessions playing a dead
island with my buddies and if you are
unfamiliar and just the premises it is
not this video is not a sponsorship I
just love this game dead island and when
i say i love it it's really fun to play
but also sometimes the most infuriating
thing on the planet because the game
still has like a well it feels like a
lot of bugs but not really but kind of
but it's awesome it's kind of like a
mixture of borderlands where you you
know have an RPG sort of system with
fallout with zombies I think that's
probably the best way to put it and I
know it's just really really fun it also
has some of the most stereotypical
characters like your tank is the really
giant black guy and he punches things
with with his fists then you have the
football player that uh throws stuff
okay ex cop shoots stuff and then of
course the person i'm playing is the
asian girl that's really good at karate
and also swords so that's good
essentially the road class but it's so
it's so much fun especially if you're
playing with friends i tried to play by
myself like I don't have it sucks i hate
this game but with friends awesome we're
gonna we're gonna finish it tonight
because we're doing on we were doing a
lot of side quests but the thing that's
really really exciting and this is kind
of pseudo view a review / me just saying
hey what's up this is what i'm doing is
it like the random moments that you take
away look this game is not gonna win
like game with a year or anything like
that just because there are moments that
you feel like God's so
glitch to fuckin ruthless come on joke
somebody but there are just like so many
moments where like you're getting chased
by like 17 zombies and one of your guys
gets like stop and so you like run back
and you heal them and you hit everyone
with a machete that you have turned and
doing a lecture machete and then you run
away again or my favorite was was this
Matt was recording some footage and it
was the first time I forget there is a
name for this this character in the game
I just call them the crazy fucker I'm
like oh fuck it's a crazy fucker
everyone run but this is our first time
that we ever saw one and this is how we
handle
you gunfire he's on fire as awesome
that's like the second attempt opened
like that's the kind of moment
everyone's like for like 50 seconds
that's like everyone going on remember
the thing that just happened that was
like I haven't had a moment like that
since I played halo 2 multiplayer and I
like won the match by jumping a warthog
aim to a dude and we and we won and I
was like yes last day my life is so
empty but um the point of this video is
one if you have not gotten the game I
would definitely recommend it I know
that this isn't like a channel where
what you think is gonna be saying you
should that's where I've been and get it
and to what's look what are some of your
best where are some of your best gaming
moments because I don't know it sounds
weird to have those like I have specific
ones from Halo 2 MW to this game now and
I think there's some ah probably Star
Wars Galaxies star wars galaxies oh man
they're killing the game even though
they killed it with the anyway I'm going
to nerdy I love you faces I made a bunch
of other stuff today should check that
stuff out
bye
