hello internet / blogger t-type people
I'm in a bed it is fantastic I just
moved the mouse and now it's a little
brighter on my face there are two things
not three things that I want to talk
about today one how good was let's kill
hitler doctor whose fans do words la
well i was so good because at first i
was like if she's uh then how does why
would she but then oh cuz she gave okay
then that's the only way that i can do
it in a non spoilery way the second is i
am doing this thing called Franco does
Europe 2011 where I do Europe with my
penis and then I breed an army of
defranco's a multi-ethnic we take over
the world that's or this is the thing
that I leave the states from october
first to UM the end of the month and i
go to london amsterdam trying to
remember amsterdam berlin prague and uh
dublin dublin dublin dublin and so it's
gonna be kind of a work asian i'm gonna
continue doing the philip defranco show
there's gonna be some travel vlog
content and of course the only way
that's even possible is on top of bring
Lindsay it was essentially going to be
like my pseudo producer out there I'm
bringing edit some Maddie and also
editor James and so you know it kind of
all works out we're gonna have fun out
there it's matt's birthday September
first so it's kind of like hey this is
kind of cool it's gonna be James as
birthday while we're out there so it's
gonna be fun so yeah if you want to
check out the tentative schedule and
possibly go to one of the meetup meetups
that we're gonna have in those uh those
countries ah yeah that's gonna be there
that's the second link in the
description the first link in the
description is to something that and
also the final thing I want to talk
about today and that is youtube.com
slash stuff bill likes it's a new
channel I just launched its awesome I'm
really excited about it I think a lot of
you guys going to like it so just click
that
that link go check out the channel give
it some love subscribe to it and if you
get it to over a hundred thousand
subscribers I think we're only 4,000 a
way i will put out a new stuff Phil
likes which is a video of me just kind
of showing you and making a playlist of
the videos you should watch for the day
along with every philip defranco show i
will do that for you internet because i
love your face and that is a promise
that i will not break until I do in
which case it will be broken and you
will cry and you'd be like what about
Bam Bam caboose Knobloch good day yeah
we can't do it maker studio and then
because event and words and I so main
point i love you i hope you're having an
awesome sunday i'm in a good mood
because I'm no longer hungover and I
realized I want a bunch of money last
night because I voted voted and also
because I bet money that Anderson Silva
would win because I'm not a functioning
idiot yep okay i'm gonna go have sex
with your mother's all of your mother's
