it says I'm live but I'm not sure how
true that is
where's the chat oh we got the mics you
guys we're on a gimbal today too so it's
gonna be real smooth I can also spin
around you got a weird look at the yeah
I don't see the chat though oh there we
go
sunny is the first person to say
something so I'm gonna shout you out
Thank You sunny welcome to the live
stream
okay there's everyone hello guys but
looking like that Zak I wish this was a
little faster there's a different mode
you can put it on your dick twist like
watch this okay that's the cool okay I
think I'm good okay so I can just turn
it instead of so today's national fast
food day man I'm not that short like I'm
short but yeah we're good there I'm
behind you and I'm look Phil is actually
filming right behind this behind this
wall we got to keep it down just a
little bit oh I just saw i think i saw a
super chat or joe Richard hey says a
dollar it's just a dollar thank you
Richard a hey show it's you a long way
we need you fast so we've got a romantic
table set up or should I not ruin the
surprise
let's go see ya all right so just go in
and see it let's see if I could flip the
camera around here should I do one of
these yeah I'm gonna pretend that
slow-mo sure yeah yes well already know
that I got I got a 20 piece nugget I
know Phil claimed a few I think Briana
claimed a few if anybody else wants a
few feel free to jump in and take some
okay there goes Briana
oh look who else is here for the fries
oh you're right disobey today I said I
said after we started eating guys let us
eat let us have our private time alright
guys I got something important to
propose or ask of oh yeah we're gonna
have a little fast food date for you
guys for a national fast food day
actually had a date before remember you
and I I'm gonna prop find that video
prop this up here maybe we'll just why
is it you know it may change the mode
everybody obviously I guess your phone's
just so heavy results keep adjusting we
have a phone on a gimbal which is high
technology closer intimate we do it's
definitely real we got some this is why
is it it's a nice boy ice one man I love
ice why anybody had white sir I thought
it was alright so so oh my fingers they
asked the camera so what what do we get
so we got fried fish play combos don't
know promo
but yeah feel free I mean Joe just got
back this week from his honeymoon
Bali in Bali guys have any questions for
Joe or Keith people are gonna be coming
in momentarily about someone comment on
a McRib I probably shouldn't I never had
to make rib you've never had one yeah
are they any good
I actually really like them yeah really
cuz it what is rib I'm trying to get it
on YouTube oh you know what was that a
groom's are good modeling careers taken
off guys it's taken off okay fish
fillets we got fish fillets you got fish
fillets what else we get oh they're
shipping us already jess is doing good
she's doing good she's little sick so
fast an all-american lunch beautiful I
can't remember the last time I had a
fish fillet oh yeah I used to love sweet
Sarah what happened I just got sick of
it alright who's gonna take the first
bite or somebody like a barbecue should
we do a cross okay before we take a bite
we should probably answer some questions
but they go on us a kiss okay Anglet so
maybe we should okay I want you guys is
like favorite fast food we'll be asking
them could be McDonald's yeah we could
ask them interact while we eat on our
fake fries he's not big fries is real
actually I I think I preferred oats in
$5 oh okay we got to read that what is
that all right we got my knee wombat
just a $5 super chap every time I've
been
McRib Beck got try it every time I try
to hate it I mean I don't hate it I feel
like it's good
you never had any crib know what I mean
once a year so it's good they bring it
back once a year get a $2.00 keep to
photo shoot
I would love to Phil said approve that I
can take a modeling photo on his couch
so and you right yeah yeah he does
really good photography so I can make
you look beautiful
yeah and I'll tag you and and you know
we'll make it legit um all right let's
take a bite of this I already took a
bite shut up cheers it I don't know the
last time I had one of these I used to
get this all tendon I feel like the
gimbals slowly and consistently turning
towards you all right KFC's your
favorite I've been at KFC in so long KFC
yep done that either no I used to eat
you should I got a coke my favorite yes
with regular coke that's what's going
there and I'll do that diet shit um what
were they gonna say I forget all right
let's see what any comments did you
party in Bali yeah I party Bali I didn't
go to any clubs or anything but I
definitely doesn't party chick-fil-a's
the best KFC chick-fil-a guys do you
guys remember a place called Roy Rogers
or is that just like an Easter boy
Rogers I need to coast authorities
there's an Arby's is that the roast beef
roast Bureau's knows that Joe Joe's
doppelganger is Jon Hamm and baby driver
I heard that before I've gotten a few
times yeah I thought I said Joe's diaper
was him or something I know why it's
because I'm touching it it's probably
pushing it towards you did we miss
another one no I think that's good yeah
so since we both agreed to get fish
fillets I brought up some information I
heard some actually bad shit about their
um well where they get their fish from
or the type of thing where they get that
this room well let's see the nutritional
value I don't know anything about
anything here all right but this has
some calcium in it oh we got hold are we
on the $5 five euro $5 hi Joe what is
this is from the impossible girl
what is your all-time favorite fast
after good Taco Bell
I love Taco Bell everyone loves I used
to yeah I guess that's just cheese going
to eat a crunch but I just never really
agrees with me really it's hit or miss
reason see I can have the chicken
quesadilla which is good it's good talk
about the bill
Marilyn Monroe wants to know how old you
are 45 no kidding screw you Zak no I'm
34 I'm a proud 34 I'm no longer Jesus's
age I kept saying that last year whose
age Jesus 33
there was no Valerie Stuart so not to
get all cheesy but the blog's have been
getting me through some hard times
lately making me smile you guys are the
best
well thank you I'm glad you're enjoying
the content we got two more here
we got Jakob West who says Joe loving
the new haircut looking fresh cut it
last night and Nicole says do you prefer
crunch wraps or chalupas oh that's a
good one crunch wraps well I guess the
cheesy gordita crunch would be
considered kind of a crunch wrap in a
sense not actually but July feels too
oily it's the difference between a
chalupa and a gordita gorditas like ice
off the capito right there then that she
loop is like a fried Peter homicide he's
fried yeah it's like for ya was this one
Jonathan Tom towel beet one smells draws
real men don't use straws good they just
forgot to give them to us they're not
the bags all right so are you lieutenant
attrition yeah okay so um and for those
of us so for those of you in the office
who are watching feel free to now stop
by and get your nuggets
yeah it has energy energy so Briana oh
my god everyone behind us you say free
McNuggets they will show up okay the
coal wants to know Briana or just as
Briana you're amazing
we've got new DS Almonte just call me
Nick Joe you do you have more Bali two
pictures I can't read I have a few more
surprises would you need to put it's
gonna cost some money
hey Sam
Zach you sing that grace can go a
McDonald's ya know it's America's
fast-food full we went full American
dude can you guys hear the police coming
for us
send news is Ryan single no he's not
Eric are I paid you $2 now dip a fry in
your soda you got it there's not a big
one oh my god
I'm dipping it dipped and then Briana's
gonna eat it was that question Rennie
see I love the kindness video
Emma you also know we all love you very
much you make us all smile and we hope
we make you smile too well you guys do
four things four days would let me be in
that video making me get my shot down
crying Oh goddamn coke I wonder how long
you guys are planning to do that video
you listen let's do it revenue at least
about the same thing nice about for you
and Phil to be a Richard Wingo says just
saying your content has helped me make
it through some shitty days also
disappear also you keep you peeps are
awesome wish you all the best thank you
thank you Richard would Adam Joe why are
you so small buddy I'm really not that
small it's just the angle you know yeah
wait like 175 to I wouldn't fight Joe I
could fight McGregor no you kicked my
hand yeah so nice cleanse that you're
gonna we're gonna stop the nutrition
facts so well too late no one's on the
livestream once we get through that I
wouldn't know who invented it sandwich
was invented in nineteen sixty two sixty
two by Lou growing growing McDonald's
franchise owner Cincinnati Ohio hmm it's
pretty cool pretty cool I wonder what
was his
raishin what type of fish is it Lou
Samson's first non hamburger on the menu
Nuggets are gone guys I don't know what
they they swarmed so super chat
what's the creepiest moment you've seen
about a co-worker the creepy I'll
comment you've seen about a co-worker Oh
probably number directed at oh maybe
creepiest comment ever I'm like on
anyone what's usually geared towards
some lose they get pretty creepy they
get pretty good salable Rick wants to
know I've been pushing through a bout of
depression lately but you guys always
manage to cheer me up thanks for being
awesome it feels good to make people
feel good yes thank you guys you're
welcome yeah
porn hundred poor-man's credits too
beautiful bastard how in the McDowell's
loving the McDonald's books I say oh yes
oh oh yeah something the use of farmed
fish in the fish fillet or filet-o-fish
sorry maybe it's covered first came
about in 1981 when the owner of a New
Zealand fisheries company was decided
dissatisfied with the yeah so it was
like he can make a better tasting fish
and he was him in a box
a fillet and told him to come back with
identical better tasting fillets he
substituted red cod oh there we go
okay with Pollock Pollock like Jackson
Pollock and as I with a better tasting
red cod fillets ended up agreeing to
this supply the Courtney place
restaurant all right well this is
getting a little too like yeah this is
to educate yeah
it's a popular sandwich now because it's
um it's not one of their meat products
yeah point we're gonna probably wrap up
the livestream I've finished my filet
you finished your filet yeah anything
surprised still here tons of fries in
here now yeah hope you guys enjoy your
fast food day be sure to let us know in
the comments if you want to comment on
the video afterwards let us know in the
comments what your favorite fast-food
restaurant is mmm be sure to subscribe
to DeFranco elite comm you want to
become a patreon member yeah there was
access to exclusive stuff and early
stuff as well people want a boogie in TV
show huh
you don't share a lot mmm okay guys
that's about it for the last stream we
will see you most likely next week I
think maybe Tuesday we'll see how the
week goes because it's a week of
Thanksgiving so it's a little different
anyway guys we will see you next time
