hello blogut see long time no sorts of
see I think it's been about four days
last time I saw you I talked about
button tobyturner in my mouth and also i
showed you a very attractive lady laying
on the ground next to me and that was a
pretty good video I think it was pretty
awesome but what I want to talk to you
today is about how i'm doing now this
should be a semi daily update philip
defranco you're a bad person so what's
happened since the last time we talked
well one I went out and watched some my
friends shake the groove things I
actually I've never go out I never
really go out I throw myself into work
and then laying down because I'm
exhausted but went out into the human
world the other night to this place
called the howling moon cafe and it was
awesome I ran into so many people from
the nation which makes sense because a
lot of tubers they can noticed in malls
and stuff because they have like young
audiences I guess it makes sense that I
get noticed in like bars or places like
that because my audience is mainly like
18 to 35 male than the females are there
too but in much smaller a quantity and I
don't know it was fun and then over the
weekend I was like you know why I'm
gonna go hit Runyon Canyon again I'm
gonna start working out because i feel
kind of blase about myself i don't
necessarily feel terrible because i'm
nowhere near as fat as i was last year
but I've kind of leveled out at 220 225
and so I was like I'm gonna do that and
then in lamest way or most embarrassing
like almost as embarrassing as like when
I crashed my rx8
that was embarrassing but I went down to
get this is very weird talking about how
I'm in the shower because you're
imagining me naked and my bag in your
head because it's not true but I went
and I got conditioner but I tilted my
head too fast apparently that's a thing
and because I'm that out of shape and I
wasn't stretched and blah Blee blah I
pulled a muscle / pinched nerve and I
had not been able to turn my neck past
about here to the right which is
terrible because I would go to
restaurants and I like I can't turn my
neck without turning my body and it's
weird so then I feel like kind of an
asshole because I'm like I'll have the
eggs florentine please and I'm not like
looking the guy in the face yes that's
been what's up I'm doing pretty good
because I've been using this I seahawk
bomb stuff smells good I kind of want to
eat it smells like mints oh yeah oh yeah
just running some lotion on my neck oh
man if you watch the PDS that's two
videos where i rubbed myself creepily
huh that's strange anyway moving on to
something that's still kind of creepy I
guess now a lot of people were like yes
do the differential nation calendar and
we were like okay awesome but we really
only want to use a girls that are
actually from the nation or have been in
our videos so obviously Caitlyn would be
one of our girls but we have this thing
on Philly DTV my website where i post
cool and or random shit and or my all my
videos and we have this thing called the
nation is sex actually it's become both
male and female you send in a picture
you get like a marker or something you
write on yourself hi nation or I fill or
inside joke between all of us and then
you take picture sent to the nation is
sexy gmail com and people go that's a
cool picture I'm also possibly going to
stalk you now forever and do that this
is a terrible thing to do but yes we've
been doing that and we want to include
some of those girls some people that
maybe have never sent in anything so if
you want to possibly be a part of the
DeFranco nation calendar I essentially
just gave you the possible instruction
things sort of thing to be considered
and then we were thinking about doing
one for the ladies because the ladies do
makeup like thirty five percent of the
audience which is actually a huge chunk
and i want to show some love to you guys
it's weird I don't know if I because I
don't want to look at those pictures
here's one of them how do you get that
off don't eat burritos and hamburgers no
but I do hear skinny feels better than
any food taste I would never know I've
never actually been super super in shape
but yeah that's what's up also a lot of
you have asked hey so how can i send
stuff to you well we haven't really
pimped it out but we do have a mailbox
so if you want to send us some cool
stuff like this picture right here oh
they got folded I blame the interns ah
then mail stuff to that just don't send
bombs please that'd be nice anyways
that's what's up and things and stuff
love you belong be home talk to you soon
oh and I almost forgot for the people
that were like hey Phil come to Ireland
in London and all those places overseas
right now we're planning on leaving
sometime in early October which means
that we would probably end up in London
or Ireland first and so we would hang
out and maybe do a weekend meet up one
of those places and then we're gonna
kind of travel for four to six weeks as
of what I understand now that's the idea
unless something terrible happens so we
have a few places down recommend some in
the comments down below and maybe show
me video of why I should go there and
yeah yeah and then I'll sure was my
girlfriend she's the one planning it
because I'm just like I don't even know
where countries are but yeah now I'm
really gone I hate you I mean I love you
but I hate you but I love you I hate you
I love you Oh Lindsay Lohan was there
allegedly doing shots with her mom and
getting trashed and lindsay lohan is
easily the hottest 39 year old mother of
two except for the fact that she's not
he is a 25 or 26 year old woman
