what what hey vlogging long time no see
and things and stuff in words I'm uh I'm
here we're using the green screen we
haven't used the green screen and how
long like months we haven't used it in
months the idea was originally to use a
frailty a today we're using it for the
the lovely Caitlyn O'Connor oh she's
tired that's why she's laying down very
sexy like very sexy oh and others do
it's looking at her I dudes looking at
her we're uh we're just over just having
some fun no we're uh we're talking about
the idea that some people mentioned that
we should do a uh ladies of the nation
calendar miss Caitlin of course has been
in several videos and also we want to
get a quick test shoot with hopefully
the winner of the maxim hometown hotties
contest before she actually won and
that's gonna be kind of up to you guys
so to quickly put miss Caitlin on the
spot seven words as to why we should
vote for you because I love you so much
nation ah woman after my own heart and
other things and stuff hey James how you
doing Oh James is here making sure no
one's creepy that's mine you're so hot
in there hey you know how you got
footage of that hot girl I got an hd2 oh
my god Toby what am i doing Thunder for
each wats good shirt huh don't put this
in I feel so excited because I'm lender
car I'm like I'm like a real youtuber
because you're a youtuber and I just
jammed a camera in your face yeah what
did I just do two usually minutes ago
yeah but I was on the story back oh it's
like I was like oh I'm with a business
call as low as uh I'm the bah what song
came on some of the government's Iran at
rinella I didn't listen I just hear you
like it edited sorry that's a rhythm I
was the one flagging Toby's categories
oh no no that's my way of telling you
like on camera okay what does that make
you feel it so Garrity RT so somebody
told me that before she's what specific
how we get what you're about just don't
wear our clothing will give you money
you can buy something with ed hardy
fucking a dragon on a motorcycle or
something and it'll be sweet how much do
so spoiler alert oh wow you suck a lot
