hello hello Lindsey hello hello hello
hello so i just got done with a double
feature i hung out at somebody's uh
Kevin Warwick JD and we watched uh let's
say the help you know we didn't we were
joking about watching the hell I am
gonna watch it with my girlfriend it's
not as that doesn't look like a hey yo
yo you want to go watch a movie yeah
let's go watch the help why are we
apparently I'm a Guido with bunch of we
no friends no but it's not like this one
time me and my everyone to go see this
movie and then we got there and it was
sold out and then I was like you're mad
you want to watch water for elephants
you know since we're here don't the
other thing it's not sold out cool ya
know this isn't no nothing weird about
this two dudes watching Robert Pattinson
Pattinson whatever anyway so I went
ahead and we watch attack the block
which was actually kind of Awesome as
long as you can like semi understand the
heavy heavy british accents it was
actually a really solid funny movie
either you're off the street back in a
block
and then we watched oh my god uh the
change-up which you know what it it
bombed at the box office the first
weekend you know it was ok reviews and
it was a pretty funny movie I thought
for a second everyone they're going to
twist it and turn into something else
but uh no it was a pretty solid movie
you know Ryan Reynolds hilarious I loved
it and so that's yeah that's a thing ah
laga t what are you doing in my houses
in my house is my office it's okay that
you're here it is it's not weird or
anything what I wanted to ask you was
the movie the change I've got me
thinking if you could be anyone we're
like a set amount of time in a month or
so would you be the only thing is they
have to be alive it could be like it
could be one of your friends it could
just be like someone generic it could be
a famous person and I think my answer
would be giant black person not not for
like the stereotypical reason to look
giant black person I do is no no cuz i
would just like it really pumped up and
I jump around corners a black eye papal
crazy and like to scare tiny white
people because that would be hilarious
because black people know black people
know like semi racist white people that
would be amazing you just scare them and
there's nothing illegal about scaring
someone as long as you're in the right
community in LA some communities you
might get show but I think it would be
awesome personally you might say Phil
that's racist wotcha I would say a
little bit but it wouldn't be racist at
the time because I would be a black
person and we'd be boys possibly is that
the way I don't know the other thing I
was gonna say Oh reasons Joe Oh a lot of
people are asking what music I listen to
and what better way to to preface the
artist I'm about to talk about than a
racist joke then my lovely friend meghan
tonjes who has a an album out oh my god
as an album out called this year Megan's
actually fantastic my jokes terrible
make its music fantastic it's not a
sponsored thing anything she gave me the
CD and I've listened to it countless
times in the car
it is good good so if you like really
like soulful like really well some music
it's available for pre-order if you want
things and Stefan words I don't know I
just like when it's like Drano for your
nose anyway I don't know what I was
talking about I love you blogut e imma
go now before I say something that will
offend you Jews nobody knows the
tribbles I've seen no bad news my
sorrows oh hi hi yeah I've been serving
for five months in this case Joe him
i'ma go crazy oh yeah yeah II thought I
didn't know you turn me in you thought
I'm told ya but then 18 year old Robert
who was ridiculously drunk I was like I
need to go to the bathroom and he
stumbled up the aisle I tripped over
some people and then confused an 11
year-old girl's leg with a restroom yep
that's how we're starting up the show
today
