i sk she doesn't listen to me hello
lovely type people things and stuff I
haven't done a semi daily vlog in a
while and I was gonna give you like an
update video like hey this is what's new
with me since the last time i did semi
dailies but i honestly couldn't find
them in the past few months like i did
this in my daily vlog very long time ago
then i answered questions for a while
then I crashed my car and then I was all
like I miss my girlfriend i love lady
street ladies ride have self-respect
ladies and then Lindsay came back from
vacation and I was all like I love
Janice again blah blah blah blah blah
then I answer questions again then I
crashed my car and I got a new car then
DJ Mike's which came into the mix and
that now this is I'm such a bad blogger
hello again nice to see you do I have
broccoli in my teeth rookie anyone be in
my blog without without turning us into
a like hey I'm sorry I have not been
making videos vlog vlog vlog vlog vlog I
wanted to you know just say that it was
essentially the reason that I kind of
stopped was because I wanted to focus on
the shows and I wanted to focus on a lot
of business aspects and I mean a lot of
the past six months has been just making
pivotal decisions like I just came
outside from watching a show that I was
originally gonna be on and then four
weeks before air I said no and like
that's that was kind of the big thing in
the past six months is saying no no no
thank you very much for keeping me in
mind because it's it it's amazing that
you would even consider me but no to TV
and actually following my words of what
I've said at VidCon what I said at
multiple places is that I'm staying on
the internet the internet is the place
for me it's a place for most everyone
these days and it's only getting bigger
and bigger and so a lot of it's been
like in this past six months has been
realizing that it's okay to say no even
though like because when you're in LA
there is a pressure to succeed and
always take on more than maybe you
currently
want to do in the goal to be successful
because you think of success you think
happiness that's not true in la
happiness and success can sometimes and
most often are two separate things and
so I I am plagued by a desire to
constantly be successful but in the past
six months in the past two years I've
realized that it has to also go along
with something I love like the PDS the
philip defranco show is something that i
love i care about i enjoy doing every
day and that's the reason that it's the
number one most popular new show online
pop culture entertainment whatever you
want to call it it's it's kind of
unrivaled and and i love it and I'm like
well how can we do more like I I want to
have like this a little insight I
probably shouldn't even be saying but I
want I want to be behind the video
version of like The Huffington Post
whatever that is for YouTube I want to
do that on youtube like a brand that's
based around a specifically video that
could rival like Maxim I want to do that
and it's something that I love and I
think my audience loves and we get
excited about and a lot of its just been
focusing on you know if I go into work I
should really work or the studio
whatever you wanna call it I should be
excited and I am to do my show and I am
to do like LTA because it's something
that I already love and then finding
those really cool people that we've
found and worked with in the past and
yeah I don't know I'm just so that's
that's what I've been up to and I want
to start the vlogs back up not only to
have a conversation with you which was
actually the main reason because i
missed the conversation i miss a hundred
legitimate comments talking back and
forth over 40,000 pds comments of give
me a fucking camera which is okay
because it's the hustle and bustle of
youtube but the reason i got onto
youtube and the reason I'll always stay
on youtube is the conversation of the
money and the conversation
the money just kind of allows us to do
cooler stuff but uh and allows me to be
in a hammock I'm gonna fucking hammock
Oh Philip DeFranco three years ago who
would have guessed a hammock too bad
your ass is still so fat that you have
to constantly move the Rings up because
you're slowly stretching it out day
after day then olgakay zas ol EK is
asked kind of ways it down but if there
was anything I could leave you with it
should not be olgakay zas though good
job Olga um would be what what makes you
excited like are you going to school for
something that still excites you or is
it just because it's going to provide
you with possible money to make it so
that you do not die because you need to
consume food and have a house or is it
something you really like care about and
if not how do you get into that and not
starve and or die now if it's something
video-based then maybe we should do
another alike make a video to possibly
be an intern that worked out actually
really well I mean a lot of people we
have sentence video responses or tweeted
us and those vectors been the people
that work like the people that don't
follow the show or anything like I think
they get into this and they're like why
would I ever want to be on the internet
and so I don't know what what is it that
gets you excited vagina works I mean
vagina is it honest to god answer but I
mean how do you turn that into a daily
job actually there's a lot of ways
anyways I'm gonna I'm gonna go inside
cuz Lindsay is making me food because
she has an awesome girlfriend and I'd
show you what her on camera but she
hasn't put on makeup today and she
always liked screams at me when I turn
on the camera sheet beats me hope so
baby boy sup baby boy all big boys
baby boys can I baby is so tiny
