hello bloggers t-type people oh my god
I'm so tired and semi sick and my
throat's done but so I've been kind of
this week because you know I've been
recovering from VidCon which you saw one
day one of my speeches but I was there
for like three days and I was hanging
out with some of the people from the
nation meet new people it was it was a
good one time and something cool that
one of the the guys here did was he
edited a bunch of the footage because
I've been kind of down when I'm like
sick like everything's terrible and one
of those people I'm like oh I'm sick all
right everything and so they edited this
really cool thing together that made me
feel good and I was like hey I think you
know I think the nation would appreciate
seeing this and they'd get it so uh yeah
here's a here's something for you and a
question to you while you're watching it
what's your favorite thing about being a
part of the nation do you have one hmm
I'm gonna go die now let's get all my
news from I get all my news
I don't like watching news at all but
we'd feel it's entertaining and I feel
like I'm updated with what's happening
in the world honestly I probably want to
know what you're going on half the time
in the world he doesn't make me feel
depressed after watching him he kind of
makes it fun more fun it keeps me
interested so much better than all other
reviews I gotta watch something to watch
though cuz I hate the news when I go
I can get a story
pills before the Duke
I was scared from him first and drew
inspiration he's trying to lose weight
convince me that you can link you with
everyone I'm are comfortable with
I don't want to go get another hug oh no
oh and speaking of Casey Anthony she was
found in Ohio by who TMZ I just confirms
what I've been saying about TMZ for like
three years you want to find Osama bin
Laden and not have it take 10 years 7
TMZ
