oh not that well I'm proud I'm just
regulating now he's excited I'm so it's
like a big attack sorry professional
like a test
No
industry day crazy day my son here is
supposed to talk about going from a guy
with a twenty-dollar webcam to owning a
production company having a network and
the span of I guess for five years oh
nice killed I'm like no I mean I was
thinking about because I'm like kind of
grandpa youtube because like back in my
day we used to write things with stars
and it's like it's kind of like a weird
concept i started my account sep tember
fifteen two thousand six ounce why I
could comment rate and subscribe to
lonely girl 15 videos about you two then
I found my mother saw these things
boheme renette Oh paper lilies and i
wish i was into it now it's like leaving
comments and doing that you know that
user that video consumer thing and and
then I was like absolute enough I want I
want to do a video response and and so
examiner bread for my first video
response because they had free Wi-Fi and
I could afford Wi-Fi enabled lucious
bread bowls
and I was like okay I'm gonna do a video
response and it's like 20 seconds of
like the weirdest gushy is like oh cool
this video when your kids leave I it was
weird and awkward but was it kind of
cool cuz he's left a comment back on my
video and few of his a few of his fans
like left comments and my eyes were open
and the second video response i did was
to william sledd who was one of the
first openly gay youtubers need a
fashion blog and the one day he like
broke down and he was like crying on
camera talking about how how hard it was
growing up with that lifestyle and i did
its country i made a video response and
I hugged the camera and I was like it's
okay it gets better or not all three
people aren't like terrible people a lot
of the things that we do we kind of fell
into having like in the fields marketing
degrees one of the ways you've obviously
video response to it youtuber not even
tweeted eating at Twitter back once sold
so I assigned the video responses that
kinda doubt a small subscriber base like
a thousand
kind of good back then and and so there
was one day I think was rush limbaugh
went ahead at he said in his radio show
that Michael J Fox was faking his
disease and I was like you don't see
that am I reply because that's what I
used to pursue i made a video kinda fell
into what i was going to do for the next
three or four years i stumbled ass
backwards out of it because I was like
Allah want to be an actor for like six
months to I realized I was terrible but
instead of just getting the two thousand
years to my subscribers I almost have
done sixty thousand views and I was like
how did this happen I look back and I
realize the SEO search engine
optimization market because you can to
become one of the largest search engines
like I google half the time I youtube it
like if I wanna learn how to make out I
used to it because I don't like reading
every guy and what I realized was a lot
of it was about tagging and titling
properly I mean if you're going to do
something cool like a mystery guitar man
whose fantastic you did a video where he
meet things disappear and used ones
obviously Harry Potter was coming out
make sense to be like Harry Potter type
one thing I'm a jig and they were like I
love Harry Potter one thing what you're
going to do and that's what happens like
he would serve to see what I was talking
about not specifically for me but to see
the video clip and because it was tagged
and titled properly they actually saw
minded or eventually
it was like the most viewed out of the
surgeon so that's an accountant one of
the reasons we've been able to survive
as long as you have is really good
tagging and titling and boom Mills watch
my show people that live but then I kind
of dropped off of youtube for a while
cuz those doing skits they're terrible
it was stupid things that really wasn't
into it that is when I found this thing
that inspired myself the blog brothers
wheezy waiter and I was at his community
called sports car races that revolved
around amazing guy who are things
talking leaders dinner tomorrow and
that's a safe was meeting community and
showed me how awesome like authenticity
and how awesome communities could be
because I did the same called the show
where to talk about news pop culture
events kind of a blog format they only
did three here kind of like the mindset
of like if Lindsay Lohan died up for
mean girls we would never have that fat
Lindsay Lohan we have but those fond
memories but like who is this just this
awesome community that would send in
videos and this guy went around the
country riding bicycles only stopping at
places of you would watch the show as
well and I was just like taken by it he
talked about something that's still
relevant today and that some waves kind
of just talking about our industry and
how a lot of companies and a lot of
people will say like to get cheesy
popular in on the internet or on youtube
or something you have to go through us
and they play in boulder ship other
thing that's not theirs because we're
all time just like riding that way then
a whole new video a bit and eventually
it sure and if you are man enough that
you think you can do it again you just
go right back out and and try again and
when he was sick shit every day and it
was like it was amazing these gems
eventually entered and I like this is a
void in my life this it sounds a little
melodramatic but I was was really sad
because there's something I would do
every day it was my hobby I haven't the
next two weeks I completely ripped off
his show on YouTube and I was like it's
the news showed filled Franco and I
wasn't talking about things that didn't
make sense and people kind of like dance
by them listen it wasn't good really and
that's when I realized like the reason
that you were so passionate and so into
it was because they was such an
interesting guy and he's so genuine and
he just spoke his mind like whatever was
in his mind as crazy as it was you just
doesn't throw it at the computer and it
would be amazing and so that's when I
started leaking something that I love to
start doing male type news because i was
born in patong so I was like ah hot
girls and also stupid people how stupid
right like it was very rough at the
beginning but over time it became
successful as I thought I've never
really had like a blow-up show like I've
never had that video that we got like 20
million views for me it was more like a
long term but and so once I had the show
there's pretty popular I want to say
sumin had three years ago and so he
slowly slowly slowly rising it ended up
working out and the whole point was make
content first worry about monetization
later and what's like I lost myself can
you guys just cheer and build so I guess
that comes down to what was happening at
the world is for YouTube is much
different because right now all the
content were making keep it for like the
next two years that were you know
writing up actually getting fun
for it's all for web it's all for less I
mean I see the future as like an
on-demand kind of service whether it's
like you have an iPad app and or an iPad
or whatever iPad 12 by then you'll have
HBO Go which is fantastic ABC youtube
maybe specific YouTube channels and it's
just a matter of time before before the
internet is over
I wouldn't even know how to calculate
them but I imagine the equation would be
like unicorn time sandwich / seven
hundred bees and then I just get
confused
