motherfucker I'm awesome no you're not
dude don't mom awesome drive around in
my mom's ride awesome a quarter of my
life gone by and I met all my friends
online
mother fucker boss the swagger of a
cripple what are you doing in my hand I
have you in the palm of my hand I'm back
from from comic-con you put up a part 1
video which was essentially uh me being
hungover and then hanging out if the the
epicMealTime guys but we got more
footage because Comic Cons is not just
about dorky stuff and by really cool
shit that you put in videos to show off
and wait there's more that's why that's
why I'm really excited I'm excited about
the the Angry Birds plush but Oh worse
you're sorry okay I'm done geeking out
hey Matt hey Matt hey say on the topic
of Matt I wanted to uh introduce the
world to a man that I like to call DJ
Mike switch and you might be thinking
Philip that person sounds awesome I want
to hang out with that person that person
sounds really interesting and that
person is the man that MattyB turns into
anytime he drinks too much alcohol
so worlds prepare yourself for the craze
that is EJ Mike switch
we're with 2's coaches a tea cush a tiny
asian girl and also people behind me
those people being mad who is extremely
drunk again is it is it true that you
impregnated Britney Spears Britney
Spears is a ho
all right so yes Britney Spears Britney
Spears can
scientists now say that time travel is
impossible
after the studies and the tinkering of
photons and such they realize that
Albert Einstein was right bitches ain't
shit but hoes and tricks and also
nothing can ever travel faster than
light
