motherfucker I'm awesome no you're not
dude don't mom awesome drive around in
my mom's ride awesome a quarter of my
life gone by and I met all my friends
online motherfucker
awesome the sweats what swagger of a
cripple hello where to San Diego
comic-con 2011
I'm sorry a rough day before most of the
first day of comic-con I have been over
because I meant to the via the
epicMealTime guys for the first time
last night
it was Harley's birthday and we're doing
a fucking lie whoa live show shit bitch
mostly a day one Comic Con it was just
check out things that I possibly want to
buy or things I just want to see no no
I'm not really a big panel guy because
for the most part you go and you see
people talk but if you wait two hours
you don't see it online most likely a
much better angle it's kind of like why
would you go it's like in the nosebleed
seats of a football game you can just
watch it on a HDTV and be like right
there anyway day one snapped that we're
gonna go to the the epicMealTime big
nation party tonight one of the
companies I run FHP did a run of
epicMealTime posters are they gonna give
out to the fans first time exclusive out
here we wrap shit in bacon that's every
mealtime on YouTube you guys you guys do
your shit we're gonna do our shit either
fucking either give him the finger
yeah
are
I went home with two girls last night
he's lying it was for seven and free if
it were Asian what's up hater haters
love Asian girls don't traitor it is 3
o'clock in the morning out of Denny's we
have mark Donka on the the merchandise
he's single-handedly behind why about
200 people
I got a I need be able to post then we
have the one the only the famous Matthew
oh man if you're not familiar and that
is that's one of my best friends best
friends we hold hands all the time for
you and also he edits the the philip
defranco show yeah he drink too much
because reading from the menu what you
know about reading haters it's the
English language they got numbers and
shit I haven't figured that yet Matthew
Homeline he hydrated as a motherfucker
hater what you know about dehydration I
know that I am it's so hard not having
their voice after you watch them hater
showing you how to make a bacon weave
hater none else so drink water when
you're dehydrated because you've been
drinking too much alcohol cuz you're
hitting on girls drink another I have
sex that they do they main point doc is
an asshole
Matthew homier is dying in front of us
and I met Jenny is at 3 o'clock in the
morning I'm gonna be as hungover as you
were
I don't know how this so much I'll go
play that oh come on stop dying
don't die about the whole boys thing
what you know about death no seriously
what do you know like do you think do
you think that everything ends
