fell up I'm back Phil I'm back
Phil I know I just want to say it toys
cause it sounded cool I you know what I
thought that you weren't gonna be able
to come back because you're gonna be
swept away by your Instagram model who
you're I'm trying to get into Instagram
travel log in and all that stuff where
you think more likes than Jess maybe a
little bit that's that's how you know
the and that's broken that's broken or
is working it's working
no I'm gonna really do it though I'm
gonna keep posting my sexy photos thank
you
yeah I'm saying thank you now on behalf
of me on behalf of the world you know
it's a lick you mean idea that couch
looks great for some modeling god you're
permission to do a little sexy photo
shoot on that couch can I wait so I'm
not here perfect that works Phil who
knows what I'll be wearing or what I
won't be wherever anyways fill us I
watched the vlog today's vlog today and
it's the the people threw me a little
little birthday party so we're gonna do
that and then I'll see if we announced
the other winners of the pumpkin Oh
Franco pumpkins calm a thing that I'm so
excited about it was my brainchild that
I was like put my name in the URL as you
might remember there is there is a
pumpkin carving contest which was not
fair at all by the way
yeah Brian killed it which actually
reminds me that today's wine is brought
to you by Squarespace calm slash blog of
the oh my god that transition was
beautiful Squarespace of course
fantastic place to make a beautiful
professional-looking website with their
easy intuitive all-in-one platform
nothing to install patch or upgrade ever
and if you want to make a smart move
back many from the nation already have
goes squarespace.com slash blog please
start your free trial and use coupon
code block any attempt of saying offers
purchase progress first boot I
definitely do not run out of spit in my
mouth
Joan I will say this Mina as I am to you
on this blog I love you oh that's cute
so much thank you I'm looking forward to
your trip yes yeah that's it be good see
the reason that this is great one I mean
we kind of just both get out of the
office but - you're legitimately the
only other person in the office that
will care yeah about the reason why I'm
going to New York
yeah can we say when you say well I mean
it's it's it's based around cryptocat so
oh my god calm down Joe is like the only
person I can talk to you about this in
the office so yeah I know so it's gonna
be good I'm gonna want you in on the
abuse well actually obviously we're
gonna film it anyway about it yeah oh no
I'm pumped Phil this is a really long
intro oh yeah okay there's a whole other
video yeah there's a video coming after
this so okay okay cool bye Phil bye what
are you doing I'm preparing a custom
t-shirt for Joe in honor of his birthday
my first ever design an unbirthday shirt
for Joe yeah using the highest quality
material like notice how there's like a
little bit of yellow stain here which
will really like hide together the
design that I'm about to hand edge on to
the fabric did you make the yellow stain
yourself what'd you use for the yellow
stain well Phil wore it so I was they
asked him it's a very special occasion
for Joe so you're saying we're doing a
birthday party for Joe yes we are you
know what how old he is
yeah no I'm gonna say he's so we're
gonna surprise Joe for his birthday
today are you telling me here's what I
tell you I'm telling you okay - do we
have string for those yeah Ryan do you
have string no I don't all right well we
don't have string will this work wait
okay we have string oh okay okay
Ryan's images here's the thing guys we
need strength oh we do need string
though shit how old do you think Joe is
what are we having the party we're
having the party today it's gonna be a
little how old do you think he is I
think that's got to be pretty close I
was guessing 45 but 82 actually sounds
better with that thing he wears for his
back sometimes oh my god yeah sure but
he's not short on fun old is he turning
30 I haven't thanked 45 but that sounds
better anymore he's over the hill
it has 40th and 50th a people don't want
after all I keep trying to be like this
is the new blank no you're getting old
deal with it you can still be young on
the inside you're still 45 get over it
he's short but he's not short on running
the audio are you having fun with this
camera right now
yes I am we're going to kick I'm a great
cameraman over the hill what are your 50
all right but I gotta know is over the
hill 40 okay
either way our brother dude was over the
hill Chris you have a question we're
having a debate over the hill it's not
40 or 50 it's 40 why do you think I told
you I always thought it was 50 we're
celebrating my stepdads on 50 over the
hill is that 40 or 50 average ages 80 so
you were over the hell is 40 the average
age of a human is 80
where are you pick Joe's party already
started oh yeah we got pizza
oh you know some some come on cut it's
okay we'll fix it we can we can fix this
yeah well we'll do it we can do it yeah
that works
that's a good size I can't physically
force my fingers through this so I'm
just gonna hold it like this
yeah he's 45
he's short but he's not short on I think
it's 45 over the hill
40 or 50 he's got to be 45 look a the
way his back is have you seen his back
what's up my dude can you say happy
birthday to Joe he's short but he's not
sure damn I thought he was 45 Steve lost
your mind
Joe's 34 family's 26 yes I thought we
had a cake we did should we
okay he gets one Campbell honestly well
I can make to work just come on up a
little bit stop it
perfect miracle yeah the candles
wouldn't fit so I cut them
we cut the pizza just like you like it
you don't have to have a whole piece
present oh yeah we got you a brand new
iPhone 8
we've had to announce the winners to the
pumpkin contest Rihanna and I did
frightening terrifying horrifying
because he knows his piece of shit was
ours tell what wizard we were really
worried okay describe my life what the
fuck is up okay so the winner obviously
is mr. Brian borscht so we made you a
crown it's a harvest crown in second
place was Zach and Christy we got I got
disguise glasses I got chicken fling and
I got a military knife set so if anyone
wants to fuck with me riot in third
place we have James and Jason
oh man we didn't know as a paintbrush
what is that there's nothing in two
crazy people that lost player
no like it might just like okay we got
one got one I'd of kind of might be too
short chicken please
Britany Joe Joe's birthday all
oh you look so good give me another
makeover I feel like I'm 45
we'll get that beautician it's pasta
it's black pasta hey strawberry October
21st
this is in the back of the fridge
that's mine was a bat South Sandwich was
the cardboard box or ya know the
cardboard box with the thing that I
opened and that attacked me it was not
that one yeah those are in the fridge oh
man all that I think so that's not what
what why would they all be in the fridge
well he just pulled one out and I don't
remember seeing any others I bought a
big-ass bag of it because I was like
this Ridge don't smoke forever
