are you recording this
motherfucker I'm awesome
no you're not dude don't mom awesome
drive around in my mom's ride I'm
awesome quarter of my life gone by and I
met all my friends online motherfucker
I'm awesome the sweat sweat swagger of a
crippled Oh
how are you I'm uh just waking up
letting the dogs out in the morning a
little rook get straight to business and
boom over there little ace runs around
like he's looking for something I think
you forgot what it was okay was I just I
left something here and it was important
because I gotta go to work
very special day today is interviewing
one a possible new employee but - my
mom's in town I've seen moms in like a
year or two well so how much you love me
oh my goodness that's like ten times
more love than any of you will ever
experience I change what I was gonna say
you're told by a dude on the internet
that your parents hate you
yeah that you tried to abort me three
times I would just not give in I was
just that I was a fighter that's why I
have that line across my forehead yeah I
was fighting with a clothes hanger
oh that's inappropriate you raised a
terrible child aside let's move on to a
thing that YouTube's calling cosmic
panda so we're gonna click try it out
and it's essentially the new way
YouTube's gonna look as you can see it
starts up here at the top keep in mind
things that do not work do not look nice
are always able to change by clicking
the feedback button if you even want to
try this while I'm talking after the
video link in the description will take
you to where you can opt in for this new
thing though you may not want to and
that's just being honest
so let's go to the channel page this is
the main thing that's gonna change right
off you're like what the fuck happened
well there are a few different ways the
page can look obviously all of them as
of right now
autoplay would be gone in cosmic Panda
creator is the one that you auto load
into it's kind of nice you get your your
video your featured video spot right
here and then you go down to uh to
playlist so there's a heavy focus on
playlist which could be cool because we
can set up as you can see here this is
the the last week of videos for the
philip defranco show I would eventually
go all the way back doing week by week
by week so if you're like I wonder what
I missed you can check it out or you
could uh you could watch all of them but
if you go back to blogger it goes of
course most recent to uh what let me let
me do this you have your featured
playlist over here and essentially goes
backwards from most recent to oldest
this is just showing the last four but
you can change how much it actually
shows once you click Save then you can
click edits and you can have all your
from playlists as you can see it Scrolls
down much further now let's see the
other templates something interesting
for a channel like barely political who
of course has Key of Awesome and like
several other shows is the network
feature you have your main video which
once again not autoplay you scroll down
all the channels you click it you get
into those so interesting or you do
everything cuz you're like I love
everything that ever existed ah I'm just
gonna go with a blogger that's my
personal favorite as of right now then
of course go into branding as right now
you can choose the background and your
avatar far fewer options than what you
currently have and then of course
settings info those are tags description
title bro bro bro bro bro bro something
I think that's really cool is when you
actually click and watch a video in a
playlist so if I link you on Twitter
Facebook as you can tell on the watch
page let me mute this right here on the
watch page you have this darker they
probably don't to call it this but it's
a Hulu color it's not necessarily black
but I think
and what happened was after Earth Day
where they allowed you to take the page
and turn off the lights for Earth Day
people were like wow the black
background looks great and it does
because you focus on the content and it
gets partially the add I think
eventually they'll figure out how to or
to do something with this dead space
it's kind of bothersome but as you can
see all the videos in the playlist right
underneath nothing really funky about it
comments down below obviously there's
gonna be a lot of tinkering to do this
area on the right side changes if you're
not in a playlist right now it's the
description which is kinda nice but if
you go back let's do that sure and you
just watch one single video nevermind I
was completely wrong just just don't
listen to anything I was saying actually
let's click browse maybe maybe it's just
my videos Russia today there it is
that's what I was talking about on the
right side here you can see other videos
originally from Russia today and then
eventually other people like down here
at the bottom but it's kind of nice
because the related issue videos which
they're not calling them at all right
here and it's super nice super clean
video responses still need to be kind of
incurred with because they stack
vertically instead of horizontally but
see suggest videos which is like that
overall a different sort of experience
you can you can tinker around with the
sizes here I don't know obviously
there's there's a lot more to do in my
opinion community is kind of cool
because it's pretty much everything that
I've done recently all my comments
favorites wobbly blah that's all there I
don't know kind of interesting what I'd
say is test it out if you don't like it
don't just say I can hide it YouTube and
everything in the world will always
change so always click the feedback
button and just uh just let people know
what you think needs to change right
here I yeah
