oh hello how are you haven't talked to
you in a little bit blogging one second
you're looking dirty motherfucker I'm
awesome no you're not dude don't love
awesome drive around in my moms Drive
I'm awesome quarter of my life gone by
and I met all my friends online
motherfucker I'm off the sweat sweat
swagger of a cripple Lindsay's lindsay
still recovering from the end of the
fourth of july party i did well I always
drink more than everyone because I have
issues actually that's not true there
were people wait wait wait wait wait
wait drunker I saw a penis last night
which was weird you saw balls yeah they
were not mine but luckily they were very
well far away from you just get some
pleasure whenever I see myself and like
a Shaytards video isn't like that I
control f I saw a lot of people like oh
I didn't know Phil had a house and what
does it look like so i thought i would
make a video share wonder where my house
local girls and so uh we've been here
for about two and a half three months
we're not done decorating it but I'm
also not really planning on staying in
this specific House as a fun house but i
like to move every so often but uh let
me show you the stuff and things so he
start here and we're in the other living
room area dad it Eddie nate identity do
de da de de de de da de da did he do to
do to do oh yeah the outside the best
part but that's just my opinion oh I'm
gonna get you on camera then we have the
kitchen where's your dining table I
don't have one right now um then I go
over here kirchen tiny puppies they came
with the place what
I know it is crazy then of course we
have this the bathroom and steph and
they said this wasn't a room it was the
maid's quarters which is turned into uh
i don't want to clean up this just goes
on air sort of room then let's come out
here we have big empty room this is
where I want to put like a pool table
maybe but uh this is where we usually
just like everyone chills that's not
watching TV if we have I think we had
probably about 40 ish people yesterday
so it's good to have a lot of space
inside out my favorite thing and Lynn
showed this in her video this is
actually made a bomb Dwyer when uh when
were angry at each other we asked them
the other one to try and change the
light bulb it's a actually very hard to
hurt yourself so he was living room
where we're berber berber berber stefan
things you know full full mirror because
the like to look at myself yeah do it
attractive we'll go yes through here we
have another bathroom this is what we
call the ugliest room that's ever been
made I'm not digging this color but it's
like in the contract can't repaint this
room but here is the empty room there's
gonna be a bed in here so people can
visit oh so cool I love that there's
nothing in here but a boom that's where
it just was I mean the hallway
do-do-do-do will go into Lindsey's
office once again still getting
everything structured she has the more
organized office I on the other hand
actually what is the current state it's
okay not not the words not the best
thing in the world then of course closet
the staff I'm only in there to play
video games bathroom
and then the bedroom we've been laying
in bed and doing other stuff we usually
don't keep the dogs in here but we did
yesterday for a little bit when the dogs
were getting out of hand for the party
um so her brother Herman straw Lindsay's
got her little makeup area so that she
can make yourself up and things that a
closet bathroom but uh actually the real
good thing about this house is the view
I have for my bedroom oh wait can you
see it there you go oh this is why this
is why I got the place um oh and that's
a Hornet oh fuck you it's the real
reason I got the house no actually do
they want hey come on guys so they were
a small little setup we got a new BB q
grill which is nice got a hammock and
the pool and just good that's what she
almost killed himself laga drunker let
myself or more brave than myself behind
me is a Mon he's neither of those things
Melvin who has a fanny pack because he
loves America I'm here today is not my
fault so nervous
oh I love the shades our house at five
I loved it it was a great view have you
seen the beautiful dog 100 we got a beer
pong table last night I think it's like
half damage oh yeah that is that is that
so for those of you asking that's the
current house depending on what we would
I do job wise we might stay at this
place I don't plan on buying for another
year or two days gets angry
