gluggity so I gotta I got a few extra
minutes today and I know I haven't been
updating the vlog channel as regularly
and it's just because we have so much on
her plate but I don't want to be one of
those videos literally hey I know we
haven't seen each other I wanted you uh
to answer a question I know that uh you
guys know that I crashed my car like two
months ago
and and I finally got a new car
some of it was actually based on your
recommendations and before before
everyone in the comments like oh it's
this or you sure got this just
understand I'm happy with it and it's a
big deal for me because it's the first
car I have a you know I was I was just I
was able to to get it and I never
thought like this is a big deal for me I
never thought that I would buy a new car
because I grew up pretty you know I
wasn't dying but I know this I'm happy
and so I wanted to show it to you share
it with you I didn't think I was
actually gonna get this car but here it
is yeah this is a my bulbs hollinger
show of it I don't want I don't to come
off braggadocious because you know it is
so when someone someone shows you
something that they have they look check
it out check I just want to answer it
because people send me twitter facebook
emails just over and over what you get
what you get and that's what I got
hooray and and you know what if you want
to argue in the comments do that like oh
it has this horsepower and then you have
to get a supercharger then he got it yet
but what I don't know Mako is vroom
vroom it goes gargle gargle it takes me
from gas station to gas station
very well kinda like it's like a big
it's like it's um it's a I want to say
like a Mayan but like my art say it was
so tiny I was like time to get in the
arc say but like this I'm like oh I can
like look around and move my body
because you know I danced and I saw set
in the car a lot but there it is
video gun Staffan thanks but
yeah I love your faces what else was
gonna say oh I was gonna ask you what
comics should I read next I just uh I
just read this nemesis's by Miller the
guy behind kick-ass and now I guess
kick-ass too but I've also been reading
the boys I don't know anyway uh I go
back to work and stuff and thanks
