so lost without you stuff I don't know
what that was about Hey logotyp people
i'm just playing around my new uh my new
camera um I just traded in my macbook
pro cuz the new Final Cut came out you
can do a lot of really cool things I
like it I like it a lot um yeah just
wanted to stay people asking where
Lindsay is she doesn't like to be on
camera but she doesn't have makeup on or
penis in her mouth right am i right yeah
so in today's PDS if you watch that then
you know that I said final cut pro x is
awesome I'm definitely giving it my
recommendation for a few reasons um with
final cut pro x it is not just a an
upgrade it is a completely different
feel the best way to describe it would
be a feel between vinyl cut pro and I
movie 2011 now I'm movie 2011 I wasn't I
was a big fan of the one before it
didn't like it I haven't actually liked
I movie since I movie HD but I want to
show you a few things that I really do
love about this and we're gonna start
with screaming at me rippled elites in
Final Cut Pro which was a previously a
thousand dollars every way that you
would go ahead you would click and if
you wanted to delete the empty the soon
to be empty space you would have to
ripple delete which is shift elite but
now you just hit delete everything in
Final Cut Pro X is magnetic so it
doesn't leave dead space which is very
very nice because sometimes at the end
of the philip defranco show there would
be clip seven minutes away from the
timeline we wouldn't pay attention and
it would mess up our entire video now a
big thing is ripple delete would only
work on one clip at a time but because
everything's magnetic if you select
everything command function for clips
you had to leave Oh magic little things
that um little things that you would
think would be normal then given to you
and being fantastic you're like yes I
love it which is kind of apples thing
whether it's I can send a picture in a
text message oh my god 2010 which is
kind of apples thing but let's go into
one of my favorite things and that is
rendering in the background it's allowed
to do this because once again let you
don't even have to drag athlete you can
just click and then double click and it
applies it and as you can tell I don't
even have to render the clip to see it
playing real time there you go um I
don't have to render to see that now
you'll notice the bar right here there's
a some coloration and that means that it
needs to be rendered what's awesome
about Final Cut Pro X boom just right
there it just did it there in the
background it renders in the background
I don't even for someone like me that
has a daily show that seems so much time
then of course uh a lot of cool things
there I mean there's hundreds is there
are there hundreds there's tons there's
tons of fun text things I won't use half
of these because let's be honest really
philip defranco show with uh with clouds
never again never again that might as
well might as well say I love pinis in
the clouds if I use that let's go ahead
delete that but uh I love the they have
an amazing amount of transitions some
really specific stuff fun stuff things
you can tinker with um i know i said on
twitter but i was able to render out
like four and a half five minutes in
about three minutes now granted I do
have an awesome processor but usually
that would take me about 10 minutes so I
don't I just I just have to say i love i
love love love love Final Cut Pro X the
only thing that I have not figured out
right now is how to crossfade audio
without doing a transition over the
video that's the only thing I haven't
figured out right now I'm still playing
around with
uh but yeah I just oh oh that's your
mind that should be my 18th channel I
give a give drunk advice about how to
edit since I added so much no but uh as
you can tell by the the headsets I'm
about to go play some some black ops
until I get a an advanced version of
water warfare 3 but uh yeah what's up
blog I haven't talked to you forever
anyway before before I start gushing
about you and how I want to put my mouth
on you even though that's not true but I
just want to say that because it makes
you feel good about yourself um I'm
gonna I'm gonna hop up I'm gonna play
some some wager match sticks and stones
the my gamertag Oh philly DeFranco
and I I might have an open lobby what
evers I love you face and I will see you
sometime soon check out the show
I said because uh never got what
to say
