motherfucker I'm awesome no you're not
dude don't love awesome drive around in
my mom's rhyme awesome quarter of my
life gone by and I met all my friends
online motherfucker
I'm awesome the sweat sweat swagger of a
cripple Oh magnets have people's so um I
was looking through the comments on one
of the last III videos and you guys
relax
one yeah you're an epic ninja why do you
guys scream you don't scream but I was
looking through the video and a lot of
you were like how do you play that game
because apparently you don't know what
Google is I was like oh I'll help them
and then point the camera at Matt and so
I was like okay let's do a video on how
you play Nisha plus it gives us a reason
to get hot girls in here Matt's the main
point of Ninja is to slap your friends
hand with your hand once you slap them
they are dead to you forever or for that
case they started off one person counts
3 2 1 and everyone jumps out into a
ninja pose person to start is the person
that counted down and a big thing to
note is that once you are a ninja
position you are no longer allowed to
move until it is your turn you attack
which brings us to attack so to start
off there are two main house rules one
you are either allowed to move your feet
to attack or two you're only allowed to
pivot like in basketball a piece pound
dribbler it really all depends upon
personal preferences amount of room you
have me play but back to like I said
once you hit someone's hand go out but
what fully counts as a hit
obviously body hits don't count but
neither do wrists or arms when it comes
to razor just use common sense and don't
be a d-bag also be careful and don't hit
opponents in the face or else it won't
count as a kill it's a waste of a move
and just kind of a dick thing to do also
once you are done with your one fluid
motion attack your turn is over and
cannot move until you are attacked or it
is your turn again which brings us to
main thing on defense you cannot move
your feet also the only movement you can
have on defense and reactionary someone
has to attack you for you to move or
done there are also two sets of house
rules here one if in a defensive motion
you hit someone's hand other than your
attacker that counts as a kill and the
person you hit would be out or it just
wouldn't count that one's really all
about personal preference and skill
level and of course there are two ways
to win one you're just last man standing
or in games of five or more usually the
sweet spots 10 once it's down to the two
last people they go back to back
count down from three and go the
craziest ninja pose they can think
whatever ninja pose and group thinks is
craziest those curse and they battle to
the death so there you go it's a pretty
simple game everyone can play and now
you know how to play ninja so you should
play ninja with your friends great way
to waste time in lines it like movie
theaters or bands roller coasters
something to do on breaks it's actually
it's a great icebreaker because it's
such a simple game that anyone can do it
and it just starts conversations plus if
you're going to this year's a VidCon or
if we do any meetups in the future I
want to have immensely large games of
ninja so you've seen the video that's
that's the heart that is like explaining
out someone you've seen the video learn
how to play ninja and we go to VidCon we
have to have a giant game of YouTube
ninja so I hope you enjoyed this video
so yeah okay I'm gonna go this camera
teddy
I shouldn't even call it Miss USA Tashan
just call it skinny bitches but I love
skinny bitches skinny bitches on TV for
three hours which is my favorite skinny
bitch Miss California Miss California is
one than one so yeah California doesn't
really matter it doesn't really matter
does it No
