I've got the magic in me and by magic
obviously I mean semen I mean semen the
song is about semen there's no one
realized this why this shirt look how
fucking loose this shirt is ah gah stop
losing weight Phil clothes aren't gonna
fit and when I say losing weight I mean
not in a good way look I have like no
definition I'm like a fucking teddy bear
I'm a real-life teddy bear also i need a
haircut that is a thing I need so hey
what's up long time no talk I'm in Vegas
right now shirtless pretty feeling
pretty fat she's so fat and I
accidentally ordered a sweet there's my
bed that I'm gonna sleep in by myself
and then uh there's a there's my couch I
have a sunken living room that's too
much that's too much but they always
took us up here because you know they're
nice and i kinda I kind of gamble like a
like an idiot I have this I have this
belief that as long as you constantly
double what you just lost when you
gamble when you win then you make money
it's it you know so you just have to
have obviously on an unlimited money
supply which I don't have so that's
eventually going to bite me in the ass
but you know that you know they hooked
us up I'm out in Vegas because it's a it
was my buddies Tony's a birthday and
then I couldn't take him out to Vegas so
taking him out to Vegas his favorite
thing in the world other than making
people scared with blackboxtv videos is
uh the the show out here in vegas love
which is the beatles show fucking
fantastic i'm hoping to see that and the
one with a holly madison and it's peeps
oh yeah peep show Holly Madison or
Aubrey O'Day I think that's it on a
little TNA and then of course shots for
me not for Tony Tony doesn't drink so
I'll be I'll be alone at the bar just
thinking about all the things that
could've done I don't know what I'm
talking about hey you want to see my
bathroom too bad I have boundaries you
know as I say that being fat naked on
camera um anything else no I just uh
just want to say hey love your face and
things and I'm gonna go regret eating
stuff in mini bar because that
shit's expensive okay love you ah ah yes
I'm gonna die help me help me
