so what do you go what kind of shots
gonna get motherfucker I'm awesome no
you're not dude don't love awesome i'm
driving around in my mom's dry i'm also
a quarter of my life gone by and i met
all my friends online motherfucker I'm
awesome the sweat sweat swagger of a
cripple hello and welcome to nothing
behind me it's III
exactly really light I really like that
it's got a really nice feel to it it's
very ergonomic I've heard a lot about
rain
our game got a good feel for just
because you have to play with three
other people never played before half of
them don't know how to play the game
reckon city looks amazing
for
hey
that
that's great wait
what a talent and Jess what homes and
you yes come here again so in the season
plan yes sorry she don't sue joy
apparently what happened is during one
of the fight sequences she got a little
bit too into it and actually smashed the
butt of her gun into a stuntman's I
almost crippling him for life she was
freaked out the the start man was like
oh don't worry no stupid actors always
almost kill me that's why they pay me
about a hundred times less than you far
as the job
