motherfucker I'm awesome no you're not
dude don't mom
awesome drive around in my mom's ride
awesome a quarter of my life gone by and
I met all my friends online motherfucker
the sweat swagger robust cripple hey
chill longtime viewer first-time riding
doctor horrible reference yeah this
isn't exactly a hot topic but I was kind
of curious as to where you stand on it I
tend to women's call it a single gender
institution no male undergrads to BC not
a lesbian and I'm not a radical feminist
and so I just kind of want to know what
you have to say about singer's gender
institutions and if you think there's
something wrong with me and all my
classmates figured stay away from the
heated topics and see where you stand
five I don't know really I don't know
what I feel about that I mean obviously
my mind goes to a very very special
place thinking about an all-girl school
a very a place I would like to vacation
with no pants possibly that's probably
the best way to put that
and actually it's creepy now that I
think about holes I am 37 for those of
you wondering and I am I am I'm just I
look good for 36 yep what I would say is
in my experience in my life that
whenever you take two things that
normally go together like a guy and a
girl college age they are like magnets
and they will slam into each other as
hard as possible because whenever you
turn something into taboo even though
even if it's just in the back of your
minds like oh there's no voice here I
wonder what a penis is like it sorry
I've been thinking about all the
terrible editing jobs people could do
with my videos cuz I talked about some
weird shit I think that yeah whenever
you separate groups or you turn
something taboo it's not only is the
best interest I know that and this is
this is the way I'm thinking I think
when I'm a parent I'm gonna be strict
but at the same time if my kid wants to
drink I think that they're going to be
able to as long as they stay home I
think it's all about knowing that the
world there's a lot of options and a lot
of them are weird a lot of them are bad
but as long as you remain in control and
your
safe about it then go for it this is
turned into a weird thing that I'm not
sure what it's about main point don't
get pregnant whores what ah man I'm
terrible at answering questions but if
you'd like me to answer your question
for better or worse send in a video
response and I will try to answer you
the best I can
spoiler not always the best thing in the
world but I'm gonna go film the develop
DeFranco show thank you for your love
your support your hugs and kisses that's
weird
because it's not what hmm and what it
alone is if you actually think about
Sarah Palin and Charlie Sheen or the
same person she's a rogue he's a warlock
he loves women she would love nothing
more and they're both out on tour and
people mainly show up make fun of
