motherfucker I'm awesome no you're not
dude don't I'm awesome
drive around in my mom's Drive awesome a
quarter of my life gone by and I met all
my friends online the swagger of a
cripple the intro of darkness and
redness then whiteness and then Toby
Turner signing this oh hey I'm a I'm
gonna answer your question from the
warehouse cuz there's no one here
because it's Memorial Day and I'm gonna
sit down because my arms are tired and
this Canon 5d is one overkill to shoot a
video response but too heavy oh Jesus
I would really like to speak about
family and more specifically the family
that you don't necessarily get along
with my older sister is scary Christian
and it's not a bad thing generally I
personally am agnostic but I know a
whole bunch of Christian is currently
living in Arizona and they're all super
sweethearts you know the faith makes
them a better person and it's something
to believe in but she uses it in the way
that if you don't believe what I believe
you're going to hell matter that we
really don't get along with is gay oh I
think that day's are fantastic they
should be able to marry just like
everybody else and she does not so since
they're always very eloquent on
religious douchebags and people should
have their opinions but not necessarily
speak out on them if it's not the
appropriate place I was wondering if you
had anything to say on the matter so
it's your question lie just lie your
face off okay if you can't control being
in the situation around this person and
they're not hurting anyone I finished
spouting evil shit you're just like
you're a stupid twat but really it
doesn't help you to call them a stupid
twat and like preach common sense and
human decency it's to everyone even if
they're a homosexual just leave it be no
see I rarely say ly as like a way to
handle someone but you know this comes
from I was raised in New York Catholic I
went to Catholic school I was taught by
nuns you got graded for religion and
it's hard walking home with a seen
religion you're like sorry I don't love
Jesus enough we went to we went once a
week to Sunday Mass and
and that we weren't like three times
weekers or anything and you know we were
New York Catholics so we had a little
guilt but we like to have fun I say that
but I didn't really have fun till I was
like 19 anyway so I just lied to people
until I moved out of my mom's house
when I was like 17 I left when I was 17
because my parents are all crazy I love
him with her crazy and then I was like
oh by the way I'm not gonna go to church
with you because one you're the most
random religious people on the planet
when I say that my mom like she got she
got cancer she like went to specialist
and she overcame it cuz she's a tough
bitch I love you mom he's a tough bitch
and and then like her love but Jesus
would range would change a lot so plus
the thing the thing with religious
people and the reason I say leave it
alone I even say this for politics to a
lesser extent is that with religion
you're taught the Word of God is truth
what I'm reading is the absolute truth
and it's hard it's hard to Archy with
absolute truth so what I would always
say is if nothing's really at stake just
let them just let him be let him be let
him be ignorant little B because it's
really not helping anyone now like for
example this is oh okay when I was 12 my
mom like I said she had cancer had to go
to a specialist so she left me in the
care of a Baptist family now keep in
mind I love all religious people
everyone as long as you're not hurting
someone I love you even if I think
you're crazy anything and this Baptist
Family won a few days in they start
saying you're waking up and you're
saying satanic things and you're walking
and you're freaking us out it's like
you're possessed and and I'm like 12 so
I'm like holy shit really no yeah and
then so on Sunday we're in church and
they're like we have to get the spirit
out of you one what the fuck really to
do do I need my mom decide a permission
slip or something and three they all
surround me and I'm like well I don't
want to disappear in the next week till
I see my mom again so I'm gonna let
these people convert me and so they all
start like chanting
in a circle and they're all like
touching my head like I don't know if
they're expunging the demons or they're
like this really stop you shouldn't put
that much gel in it and I just let him
think what they wanted to think you know
no one was gonna hurt me or anyone I
knew no and now keep in mind if if she
like attacks or like there's something
bad to a gay friend yeah speak up but if
you can't help but be around these
people there's no reason to push the
issue I don't know I like to look at the
Bible even though some parts of the
Bible really yeah I look at the Bible as
a thing about love and taking care of
those who are around you and those who
take it and read it as hate and
persecution at the end of the day are no
friends of mine and I don't keep that
company because I have the option to and
really that's that's all you can hope
for is that common sense will eventually
be good but if someone's not having it
then then you know just let them ah I
hate hateful people it's funny how that
works
anyways I'm gonna I'm gonna have to hop
off here cuz the crew is getting in and
I just want to make this this video
response start the video response if you
want me to answer a question I'm not
saying I have the best advice but I have
Phil advice send a video response to
this video of your question to me and
what else I'm gonna shoot a philip
defranco show in my movie club review
for Black Dynamite so check that stuff
out I love you faces oh by the way
posters are back up for a for sale we
had stopped them for a little while I
know a few of you were sending me email
complaints like what the fuck but uh
they're back there's a few signed
versions not many but uh yeah I love
your faces and I'm gonna leave this room
because I'm sweating
oh my comes huge why did I do that and
then touch my lips oh my god I wanna
have sex with my mouth what hey ah
thanks for watching if you are not done
with the internet in general there's a
new philip defranco show where we talk
about Sean Kingston almost dying a vlog
where I answer one of the old questions
and of course the movie Rick club where
we review Black Dynamite you jive mother
