hello blog its head okay ah ah Risa how
you doing doing Aretha must be that bow
on your head hey lug so uh well we're
figuring out what the next project 30 is
I thought we'd go back doing that thing
that we do from time to time which is uh
where you guys send in video response is
asking a question about me about your
life about anything and then I talk
words agate that's what I do and do it
on a daily basis and then you guys give
your input in the comments down below
which is always fun because always
really interesting so the way I wanted
to start this off was it you answer the
last question I got last time we were
answering questions or yeah which was my
question to you is why is it
inappropriate to for girls only to wear
their bra and panties outdoors instead
of wearing just a bikini outside because
ninety percent of the time bra and
panties cover up more than a bikini does
so I mean why do people frown upon just
the bra and panties whenever it's just
fine to wear a painting outside I hope
you get back to this bye okay so this is
a good question i have this conversation
I have many pointless conversations but
the main difference between bra and
panties swimwear is the material if you
go into the water with a bra and panties
the material isn't a friend the hub of
water they don't they don't go together
like on dates or anything and so you
essentially become naked swimwear you're
good as far as like what they do yeah
they essentially cover the same areas
depending on the brand they can lift
separate push uh the bottoms can be
faust astok boyshort ish all essentially
the same but what you're talking about
is the shame I feel so shamed I can't
believe you saw me my problem panties
but I'm gonna wear a bikini later aah
yeah there's really not a big difference
except in name and it just feels
different I think for the ladies now
mean i'm not i'm not a an enemy of skin
i see many a busty lady in la running
our
staying fit and really I mean they're
just wearing a sports bra and nothing
else as far as a top and so they call it
a top but it's really just a bra it's
just a bra that's continued the only
difference it's the only thing between
me and your areola is a one piece of
fabric that's a bra one piece of fabric
that's a bra that's like a rule yeah
essentially um you know I mean but at
the same time I've gone swimming in
boxer shorts before the only the only
difference there is once again you can
you can see stuff more sorry to the
people that were at that party uh
anyways that's many difference I think
if someone catches in your bra and
panties you shouldn't be shamed and that
just making me think of naked ladies
thank you for your question if you want
me to answer your question for better or
worse send it as a video response uh
yeah I think that's it i'm gonna go
commit some hate crimes and i'll see you
later
