Phil hello hello I do it I love but she
just freeze frames at and then rolls
like I'm freaking Hamburg yeah anyways
before we were rudely interrupted Phil I
think started doing episode in a
different language do you know any of
the language is filled with zero I was
horrible at other languages which sucks
because I it just makes me feel stupid
that I only speak one language it
would've been cool if you can done this
yeah we did this like whole thing in
like Italian or something you know the
whole intro I love it when a pon my
phone that I can like speak into I wish
I could speak Italian it makes me feel
stupid that I can't
was that accurate I hope so
why be smart when you get a computer to
do something that's been the whole past
15 years Joe sooner or later will be
able to hook this up right to our mouth
you know
it'll just come right up that's the new
wearable yeah tongue technology so Phil
today uh there's a lot of patreon stuff
we got going on posters around exactly
perfect that I am holding the new mug
for this quarter the UH if you should
bring the ridiculously expensive mug
Club a hundred to two hundred usually go
out okay so it's it's very it's very
limited then we have the posters which I
know that we've shown it to people on
Frank will eat I'm not sure we ever
showed it on PBS are here but it's one
week why are we doing that when we could
just show them well yeah we'll see it
too we can do a little bit of both we
did the livestream Q&A yesterday so we
have a town hall left and then a little
I don't I don't want to tease you people
into frankly yet but I there are three
clips that I'm about to watch through
that you might show you some of the
testing Cole might show you some the
testing Co Phil sounds exciting and you
know what else is seven today
mmm the winners of the t-shirt contest
are going to the lunch where you guys
going take public school public health
oh yeah yeah wait how many people is it
ten I'm the lucky one I get a free lunch
out of this un well I was gonna say you
and Bryan where Bryan Bryan's the full
workhorse behind everything
all right we're gonna go all right yeah
so much new stuff every time I start
we're gonna do nails somebody comes in
like yeah which is great and exciting
but there's been so much going on but
we're getting all this stuff ready and
we're making room for all the new stuff
so it's gonna be great
it's got the new poster we're gonna
frame like pretty soon I guess not in
this outfit but in the next office we're
gonna have just walls of posters posters
like you walk into our office and like
first of all you're happy to be there
cuz one it's our office - you're here to
do business and then three the walls
everything is just gonna be so
cool-looking and you'll be like you know
what I'm gonna do this meeting but I
want a picture over there and then I
want to make sure over here
the kitchen is gonna be clean
we are stickering poster tubes and
trying to avoid getting sick
oh yeah it better not be sick because
then you mail them out you're gonna get
other people sick we should be wearing
these right now Joe put it on you're
wearing these right what do you think
about this what do they say putting
posters in yeah these are gonna be these
are gonna be for next month's round of
posters that go up to the patreon people
who will get this really awesome
beautiful bastard design made by Brian
actually going out March that's when
these posters
oh wow okay so you guys are ahead well
we just gotta get everything ready and
then we cap them again so this is the
first stage of just taking empty tubes
all right like so watch this watch this
ready ready oh that was the worst
no you should do put all stickers on the
ground lay a map and lay all the tubes
and throw all the tubes I I don't know
if that would work I'm pretty sure that
what they would all wind like kind of
with their wings up like that yeah I can
roll it try one right if this works this
is going to become the new standard now
roll it look at that look at that I'm
pretty sure that this is genius even
though the sticker was put on upside
doesn't matter more anything what do you
think about the stickers I like the
thought process we put into this bill
dedication that's the thing is like
right if you look at these they're all
generally the same and I thought when I
was opening the box that it came with
ear pods it doesn't it makes you think
it does so I was excited I was in a
crisis my phone is dying I needed a new
phone so it was either the eight plus
four eight dollars a month for this for
14 why would I get this apparently it's
not selling that well
he told me after I got it nobody like no
it's just not getting great reviews but
it is $14 month which is technically $6
more than the other phone I like it I'm
not fancy things let me have this Joe I
mean he bought it so it's yours
yeah great job Phil glad we've made the
decision on the markers it's so weird
talking to you with I mean I totally
understand in respect what you have
shown yourself yeah no here let me do
real quickly I'll do it real quick I do
it for multiple reasons one
there's sick people in this office okay
people touching shit yeah but she
touches stuff but - I touched my face a
lot so if I touch something so much I do
it all the time the average person
touches their face two or three thousand
times a day two or three thousand times
a day three to five times every waking
minute all right cool well have fun Phil
doing that well I'm only gonna do it for
ten minutes and I'm trying to maximize
my time because it is Thursday and I
have no free time on Thursday no secret
I just have a team of seven people do
your job it is to tell me if I sound
like an asshole and I am or wrong do you
even shoot it anymore
no the cloned yourself well it's not
clones it's a it's a kind of a system of
pulleys and levers I'll just say that
okay all right Christie you're ready to
go to lunch and your team yeah are you
ready to have a good time and eat a
delicious lunch on the company is it
been awkward in here now you don't have
to be in it no no I was just talking to
Christy what are you gonna get you're
gonna get a salad or anything
cool cool you know you're gonna get a
beer probably not trying to quit cool
I'm not gonna have that yesterday ting
didn't count yeah yeah yeah the winners
crying penis hear the noise here we're
all human somebody that job here all
right what's everybody gonna get anybody
exactly what is the champion everybody
wash their hands
did you hell yeah that only could kills
99.9% Brown doesn't wash your hands mr.
Nelson she hates me
you probably shouldn't film the beer
salty hearts one yeah I knew it from the
beginning
sorry other team sorry guys
nobody's got premium the most expensive
meal just the time where I record
everybody eating how was your lunch it's
really good that was delicious
that was your lunch already salty hearts
three two one
you should call John Mayer hey John I
haven't really been listening to music
since 2012 so I'm sorry about that yeah
Hillary I can't oh well thanks maybe do
more things like vulture
