going live oh and it is live what up
Nadia you're the first one I'm seeing so
I'm saying hello to you look who's back
look who's back
back in sick yeah Lali sick we're about
to shoot a Q&A guys so hopefully when we
start shooting you'll be oh that last
question this is la exception vlog live
sips alright cool so I want you guys
take over while I go find Amanda there
you go
James what do you have to say to the
camera I'm not gonna read the chat just
check it out we got the whole table say
hi guys are we supposed to read the
check that goes that goes too fast that
goes too fast you can slow it down I
think got a pop socket so we had a pop
song get you a pop song it come talk to
us about this bad boy it's a sock puppet
from London how do you say Michael
Caine's name are you from Compton okay
am i from Compton No
sorry I hate to have to kind of do this
while I'm live-streaming which a man I
don't know where man it is right now I
think I mean I need you guys to
essentially set up this video like we're
shooting an actual video so whenever
you're ready essentially saying hey guys
what's up and doing Q&A bah bah blah
just kind of set it up what we're also
gonna be live-streaming it as well yeah
and then the full video will be cut down
later as a precision yes okay so it's a
combination of a livestream and a vlog
shoot Joe is gonna capture some shit
he's already done so I think we're gonna
get started so a lot of stuff okay guys
so I would say whenever you're ready go
ahead and say your things and then just
start reading some comments and reacting
to them and answering the questions and
all that
within the ones later comic what's my
got the challenge so fast so let's get
this main video all focus on this video
because it's way too much shit going on
for me right now
so no one fuck around each other just
let's get this video rolling okay Joe
good to go it's already rolling it's
already what the fuck is up fam I'll hit
you boys Q&A we're taking your cues
we're putting our eggs in them over
giving right back to you so let's
fucking do this Jason Reitman goddamn
alright let's start this off with a true
banger right now we got a for the dishes
for Brianna hi how many people have you
met on tinder that recognize you from
the walk if any one person not a bumble
not on tinder a guy dating apps no just
on tinder just on tinder cuz that's
that's apparently where the weirdos live
I don't know I think we'd all agree I
think I think 10 News were the weirdos
live and he didn't like everything was
totally normal and then he likes he
didn't like we're after we've been
talking about three days and I was like
oh I feel like I tell you usually
comfortable is this the one that you
left them away oh it was that guy after
you found out that he was a fan you
thought
this can still go normally I did I mean
some time and then you ran you were the
weirdo
I was the weird I was the weirdo in that
situation you know fans out there there
is a chance right now we got one for you
for me are you prepared for this one
I don't know what is it like awful being
just if I'm your sex symbol I'm sorry
okay well then girl follow to that one
but what do you make when he hands you
17 that's hand you a 17-minute
what do I make I make a 17 plus minute
video what do you what face kill me now
face I mean I wish it was over one ends
they both end how many how many cons
have you gone through so far okay this
one's for Joe save it just let's savor
each other and skipping
this one's for oh wait now we that's a
complete lie because they were at Joe
okay all right so would you rather maybe
maybe weaken it we made two comments or
a month you know what this involves Joe
so will will say that one for just okay
sorry okay here we go yeah this one's
for Zach do we save it yeah where do you
see scoot on in people on tape no we got
Zach scooting on in see Zach an answer
so this is a question for you there pal
oh you're not a gnome you read it a few
minutes just in your English have you
had the white cheddar at Stouffer's mac
and cheese yeah sorry eject eject oh
yeah mac and cheese it is a white in
color I would say the texture is also my
thick and creamy it is good it is
delicious I would recommend it to any
looking for dinner a lot of time to
prepare I would say it is comparable to
their guys I can cheese I can't I can't
be doing I mean you are talking about
this dance party dance party no I is
he's so precious
James someone said a lack of dabs is
disturbing them
someone could probably you guys maybe
want to take the live stream and maybe
answer one or two while James is
searching sure here we go love you Zack
you kill anyone I need to back that up
daddy Keith I'm trying to find some
I have a job can I have a job no what do
you do yeah what do you do send us a
rezulin Sammy 7-eleven what do you do
send it to at Steven septic and sugar
pine seven calm how long have you been a
co-ed fan since like 2004 they're good
friends now they're oh I've been a
pineco Heat fan since like 2004 and
they're good people and they make good
music you take that yeah
when will this be more organized mmm
that's a good question
no idea um come on come on
ask mixing some questions where's Edie
he's at home what do you all do in your
free time
there we are all right here we go guys
we're doing good doing good
I go see movies pointlessly I like to
play pickup soccer I like to play disc
golf it's a cool sport it's a basic
thing golf whether you know well it's
like brawl frisbee go let's roll I take
a lot of baths I read a lot I watch a
lot of TV hey every time if I have free
time I am taking a bath
yeah I watch movies play video game
stream hang out with the girlfriend
there he goes I say maybe do one or two
more and then we'll get a new will stop
the action today we'll do that another
time honestly Joe we're ending this in
two minutes
like I said let's do one or two more
from the we have we wanted to get away
with yeah yeah I wanted to know it was
me
I just know if I didn't pick these
questions I picked that one because
they're common send questions alright
guys so give me your answer once you're
ready
peace out fam alright and that's we're
going to be ending today's show once
again if you'd like to support us over
on DeFranco elite comm click the link in
the description down below if you want
to watch yesterday's PBS click right
here if you want something lighter I
want to watch yesterday the brand new
vlog click over here and like I said of
course as always my name is James Rooney
you've just been James did and I'll see
you
alright guys that's gonna cut it for the
live stream was chaotic but anyway guys
that's gonna wrap up the live stream
thank you so much for stopping by hope
you guys liked it let us know what you
think in the comments down below
and that's it say goodbye everyone
