tomorrow tomorrow I love ya tomorrow
it's only a day oh hello vlogger t tell
people i'm at home to my own devices and
i want to just quickly thank you for
being amazing as I test out new things
here and there and also thank you to the
to you lovely people once I go drink my
water ah it burns it's two-thirds
aquafina one-third fiji ah ah burns good
water ah it's a fiji taste of the
villagers there who uh who don't get
actually to drink water or eat food for
that matter um so those are saying I'm
saying thank you to you beautiful type
people you puppies to some of them not
both of them for being so supportive
because I mean I mean we talk about
where we talk about I talked to myself
through this camera about how sometimes
I'm up and sometimes I'm down and man I
felt I felt down the black the past week
and a half like I've been traveling and
trying to juggle everything and I was
just like today I was just like looking
like I had a good PDS and stuff but like
I was at that point where like all even
the nice compliment and like hey Phil
awesome show like it wasn't doing
anything and I was only seeing like the
random negative things here and there I
was God let's beat myself down and did
they I started thinking about death
again I was uh I think about death death
is not cool specifically I mean the
story I had to report today on the
tornado killing tons of people in
Missouri and then to a lesser extent
watching the the new doctor who rebel
flesh from the other day and I was
what what is life what our souls and
then I was watching torchwood afterwards
because I'm catching up in that series
even though I think it's over right and
and they're like bringing people back to
life and they're like there is nothing
there's nothing there eyes go creepy
like that too oh I'm tired um but yeah
yeah yeah just so I've been like in this
weird weird meant to area type place and
so I came home today came home two hours
early I was like I'm not doing any more
work he can't make me self cuz you have
no boss and I played some black ops
which was nice for the first time in
three months yeah and that was fun my
gamer tag is philly DeFranco you want to
send me a message and be like or massage
for that matter and be like hey Phil I'm
gonna shoot you went to a nut sack and
then I would make out with your brother
and I'm like whoa dude what that's weird
I only have a half brother and he's uh
you know he lives in Arizona so if you
live in Arizona you may go my
half-brother if you want he's married
he's a kid but actually if you if you
saw my brother complete opposite I'd
he's like covered in tattoos i'm kinda
i'm kind of the polar opposite I think
that's what I've heard I haven't I
haven't talked to a much I got the
random facebook message but uh yeah also
I'm very glad you guys were amused at
the fact that I was beaten by a man with
a boot when he was trying to save me
from bees because he was retarded fun
story there I was molested the hell kind
of vlog is this who are you watching on
the internet if I was your parent I
would stop you right now I like this
camera you can't tell how ugly i am
actually you can just to a lesser extent
the main point of this vlog hey I love
you thank you for your kind words when
you give them don't feel like if doing
every video but I gotta figure
out what I want to focus on obviously my
favorite thing in the world is a the
main show I love the main show I'm
always I'm always dancing around these
ideas in my head what to do with it how
to make it better how to make it make
more sense just lots of things but uh
hey how you doing good transparent blog
Phil good transparent vlog oh I didn't
turn the button off why there's not even
a puppy there ace he's come to Daddy hey
hey hey Brooke guilty gamera ah he
always gonna support there but ah and
then he's known and then he's ok he's
like my legs hey rook you're my favorite
is ok hey chica with that you go with me
he's my favorite I'm sorry no it's good
thing they only know Spanish otherwise i
would you mean
