hey all right sunday just thought I'd
talk to myself for about four minutes
and videotape it and leave in a ralphs
bathroom it was like it was like oh it
was like I was in the deep south and it
was like the only fucking gas station
for miles it was like just like the most
racist things carved into the wall there
was one I swear got it was the most
ignorant thing I've ever seen it was
said faggots are faggots and i was like
what if anything shows how stupid and
ignorant homophobes are I think that
does wait let's oh wait driving a dodge
charger right now it was one of the cars
you guys recommend it i'm not i didn't
buy it I am just uh oh okay I'm just
renting it testing it out just cuz i get
like I think I get three weeks of like
free rentals until I cash my insurance
check and figure out what's up can't do
that what the new car is so I guess the
other cars you guys recommend it dodge
challenger on top of this board fusion
hybrid something called the jetta gulf
or some shit like that some people were
talking about BMW's i think i'm staying
away from BMWs but uh and then of course
i'll give it one last chance checking
out the new RX eights because i love i
love my rotary engine it's nice and plus
i hear they're bigger so might be good
right Biggers better ladies ha ha ha ha
ha I'm so uh what else oh the one thing
i know that i love even though i'm
probably not gonna get the dodge charger
is i'm definitely get something with
siriusxm i have been listening to howard
stern for two weeks he's awesome the
only person i think that can match his
banter and ability to talk for like six
hours of the times is a adam carolla who
of course has an awesome podcast but a
man oh man oh man i'm addicted to the XM
radio and then of course I'm feeling
good today I see I feel like I have a
little more energy today it's good
Lucas today's the first day I haven't
eaten like shit in the past month in all
honesty like is what because I record
myself every day I can only see myself
like if I'm gaining weight or if it's a
bad angle but like I put on like eight
pounds in the last month which isn't the
worst thing in the world because we're
still down like 30 and change from a
while ago pounds wise but yeah I'm gonna
I'm gonna go back to eating healthy i'm
actually i'm throwing out all the shitty
food in my house today cuz it's just
it's hard when it's there it's hard
because the only thing i can use to my
advantage is my laziness like I know
that if there is no snack food in the
house I will not drive 10 miles to get
snack food that's the only thing I got
on my side side oh I'm tired I had a
rapture BBQ yesterday you might have
seen it anytime you invite youtubers
over your house for anything you're not
over your house anywhere if if at least
two of them are vloggers and they whip
out their camera to vlog then everyone
else whips out of their camera you might
have you might have seen part of the
rapture party on other chat channels but
uh it was fun it's fun it was very very
good but hey I just want to say hi I
hope you're fucking doing awesome I
don't know why I threw fucking in there
do you ever do that stuff weren't uh uh
uh lazy Sunday gonna listen to that
Saturday Night Live I never watch it it
was awesome last why am i rambling Rambo
ah that's a fly why am i rambling cuz i
love you ought to be fuck that when I
was like when I was a kid this buddy of
mine we're playing a flag football he
slid into a beehive he didn't get stung
I got stung 12 times and then his dad
was trying to kill the bees or still
seeing stinging me underneath my shirt
and he was hitting me with a boot I
don't know if he realized like the
amount of effort he was put again was
worse than what the bee was doing um
yeah that was a good story anyways I
love your faces um and things there's
codes and things and stuff and words oh
I put my mouth on Lindsey know so I'm
gonna go home and anything else no
that's it I love you in the face check
out that other thing that I'm going to
do today that's fun also if you want to
support the show things down
below and i think that's it okay I'm
gonna smile really awkwardly good job
feel that was good that was a good vlog
Phil
