motherfucker I'm awesome no you're not
dude don't I'm awesome drive around in
my mom's Drive awesome a quarter of my
life gone by and I met all my friends
online motherfucker
the sweat swagger of a cripple
hello vlogging see um I just got back
from San Francisco and I wanted to make
a video real fast just a one-take video
talking about my biggest pet peeve on
YouTube and it doesn't negatively affect
me when people do this I just see it and
I go I think that's wrong and granted
it's just my opinion and so you can take
it as knowledgeable or me just talk
about my asshole I think I think I'm
very knowledgeable of space especially
since I've stayed somehow somehow stayed
relevant for the past five years which
anyway not going to talk about those
poor souls that I looked up to when I
first started youtube but something that
people do specifically youtubers do that
it doesn't bug me but I think is really
just the wrong thing to do is if you are
under a hundred thousand subscribers I
would even push this number higher but
just specifically we'll just say a
hundred thousand subscribers if you're
under a hundred thousand subscribers why
do you have two three four channels that
just crazy it's crazy because you
haven't necessarily popped on YouTube
and you don't have that then big big
push power yet if you're under a hundred
thousand and so then you're taking your
efforts away from your baby your your
thing that you hope takes you somewhere
and you're throwing it on a second
channel that gets one fifth of the views
and then a third channel that gets like
two thousand views and you're just if
you think about it like the time
commitment to that secondary channel
compared to the reward
none whatsoever I mean if you're gonna
test out those things test them out with
your main channel audience I mean you're
small enough where you can mess up and
you can and it's not going to ruin you
if you want to see see if people like
something try it out just play around
you don't have to make a second channel
for vlogs just you know make a vlog that
is interesting I mean don't make a
challenger like it's shitty
it's just a shit why are you gonna put
out a shitty product it just doesn't
make sense for the long home so my thing
is if you're if you're still a small
tuber stick and focus to the one channel
especially because you might not be big
enough to make youtube your job and you
know your time is very important I mean
even what it is your job your time is
very important the only time I would say
go to a second channel is if it is a
collaboration channel like a five
awesome guys gays girls one of those
things you and your buddies talking to
each other then it makes sense because
then you might get noticed by someone
that's not in your regular audience and
it's a whole different experience then
that makes sense but otherwise no stop
please focus on making the good stuff
and then once you hit I would even
personally say four hundred thousand
then branch off because otherwise you're
just gonna be wasting your time compared
to time spent verse reward that's just
me talking hi this is not good hey
thanks for watching the video that you
just watched that's not the only video
we made today if you want we made a
philip defranco show we're talking about
newest things and stuff it's kind of
fantastic I don't cut naked though I'm a
blog where I talk about my biggest
YouTube pet peeve and the last and my
favorite is uh the third day of LT a
movie Club where we talk about the movie
rush mat ball why why do I do that voice
that's weird anyways
