I have to put more in my mouth
motherfucker I'm awesome no you're not
dude don't love awesome drive around in
my mom's rhyme awesome quarter of my
life gone by and I met all my friends
online motherfucker I'm awesome the
sweat sweat swagger of a cripple hello
nation and body type people aya I wasted
my entire day yesterday on my new
addiction which is LA noire I thought
y'all get it but I I got it and I wasted
a huge attend our portion of my day
yesterday now you may be asking Phil
what is LA noire please explain well
it's another game made by rockstar games
and quickly I am NOT sponsoring this
video I just love it so much I had to
address it and I just ha it's so good
and you think from a rock star game it's
gonna be like Grand Theft Auto with
cooler outfits but it's not in fact
because you're playing on the other side
of the law you can't really go batshit
crazy like in Grand Theft Auto I you
know be down some hookers but you
actually you get super penalized for
hitting anybody you actually get
penalized for your car getting damaged
it's actually less about shooting people
and more about like chasing people and
like investigation all investigation I
have never been so excited to listen to
a woman talk and then ask her questions
about what she's talking about and
what's cool is i don't know if you know
that they spent over a hundred million
dollars making this game and you can see
it because they have like all sorts of
notable actors and the graphics are so
good for their face that you can
actually like tell when they're lying
sometimes because what i would say i
have a big gripe about the severity of
the truth doubt or lie system the thing
about the truth fly or doubt system is
it's just it's a little weird let me let
me explain how will you handle the
interviews usually it changes how you
solve a murder if if you get enough
points and when you say truth you
believe them you're like you're telling
the truth one hundred percent and you're
gonna go on doubt is when you think
they're lying but you don't have
evidence and then
why is you call them out on the line and
you show them the evidence so here's a
quick example Danny did you take the
milk I don't remember any milk
now here I think he's lying I'm like
okay he might have milk let me say I
don't think you're telling me the truth
but this is what happens what's up I
know you took the milk and you went to
just harassing everyone because you're
like that's one hundred percent true and
it just comes off like what up will you
killed her main point even though the
investigation system is a little weird
i've spent about ten hours in the game I
am only about half way through from my
for my estimates and i love this game
despite it not being as much about guns
which it is fun when like you go on
random missions and people run and they
shoot and they kill a cop I'll kill him
if they kill a cop I'll kill him cuz I'm
part of the LAPD oddly enough there's no
like beat down mini missions and no like
getting them raped in jail many missions
which would be interesting oh so dizzy
but ultimately this game shows me I
would one be a terrible investigator and
two I kind of Miss killing some people I
do i do a little poll that being said
I'm actually giving away the game on the
philip defranco show so if you check
that out that's cool of course they are
not our sponsor but our sponsor today is
Phil had sex with Matt's dad calm if
you're not familiar with fast you are
else now we got some GoDaddy codes and
they say if you like four dollars or
like fifteen percent depending on the
way again so if you want to use those
use them down below if you want to send
it your own batch URL it doesn't have to
go to my website it could end up going
to your website unless it's a sushi how
to make money online YouTube video I
hate those but I send the batch you are
l's to our messages because they end up
getting like stuck in the comments and
it's awesome will feature it and then
you end up you know being a part of the
blog oh hey ah I hope you enjoyed via
whatever you just watched of course we
put out three videos every day we do so
there's a new philip defranco show you
can check out where i talk about news
and stuff a blog where i talk about my
new crippling addiction to LA noire and
of course the LA
da MP Movie Club orbits can we talk and
review the movie Raging Bull join it
love it and i hope you uh have a good
day and stuff
