motherfucker I'm awesome no you're not
you don't know I'm awesome drive around
in my mom's Drive awesome a quarter of
my life gone by and I met all my friends
online swagger a cripple
no it's Monday morning vloggity why's my
hair so poofy let's fix this so this
morning I saw something where people
were saying on Twitter that the BBC
wrote about me and I had to check it out
because they're talking about me and
money on YouTube and I thought well oh
yeah the BBC know there's like a
legitimate publication let me check it
out and I read it and some quick things
just because the BBC is a big
publication and some of you may have
seen it and been confused or wanted know
a little more and stuff so the article
is called
is google taking that you out of you
cheap and they use some quotes that they
got from a reddit AMA if you're not
familiar with what an ama is it is ask
me anything and so of course eventually
someone asked me about money and I said
well let's just say that it costs me
twenty five thousand dollars to run when
I run at the studio you know so I've
said that in the video before and then I
said you know and and people need to
understand what my company makes and
what I make are two separate things I
pay myself between 70 and a hundred
thousand dollars a year and then it says
I employ ten people and five of those
people work on my channel now I know a
lot of people and I'm not gonna bash the
BBC for this because a lot of internet
lingo and stuff is confusing but I do
fire I do fire everybody know I do have
five employees in the studio area that
work specifically on channel stuff but
that that consists of a different editor
for each channel that way they can focus
on it make sure it's good production
coordinator two interns and then of
course everyone in the merch house which
is the the other five people what
okay
the reason fold that is this is pretty
much a machine now I come in I do my
research in the morning I film out of my
main show if I haven't found out my vlog
I felt my vlog and then I watch a movie
with one of my buddies and we then film
out and L see a review and it's awesome
I love doing that stuff and and just
having editors and people to help manage
it for me makes it easier and more fun
to actually do those things and do it on
a consistent basis then at the end of
the day what it really comes down to is
for us to operate we have to have this
many people and we have to have cash
come in otherwise it'd be like hey
welcome to the show I'm fuckin exhausted
what's up or to make video is at my
regular output I would have to join a
company look much like one of the
companies that I just like making fun
stuff that hopefully successfully gets
out to you guys and is fun and then
involve myself with really cool people
like I have which is like the the Toby
Turner's the main thing is maintaining
100% of your revenue because as a
youtuber many people do in fact
appreciate how many eyes you have but
will fuck you back youtubers and
agencies alike but anyways that's really
what I want to talk about in this video
just to explain some of the mess ups but
also further explain just the stuff in
general and also link the article to
some of you guys because I know that you
know some of the haters are gonna want
to go he doesn't deserve anything good
that he has but also for those of you
that actually like me and are subscribe
that's so weird I could check out the
article but um yeah it's an interesting
read a lot of it's about the future of
YouTube and I think that that really
right now and it's been this way for the
past two years the sky's the limit
until someone fucks it up oh and I
forgot to mention this video is brought
to you by our sponsor I had sex with
Matt's mom calm the number one we
brought back this thing yesterday
because we found all the the GoDaddy
promo codes we have where you end up
saving like instead of like an 1199
domain names like $7.99 oh no bunch of
codes if you actually want to mess
around with those we put it up on our
website so link to the the GoDaddy codes
if you want a domain or hosting on the
cheap or some anything anyway so whoo
yeah we brought back this thing
that our buddy at revision3 was telling
us about called bash URLs and instead of
like saying hey go check out Philly DTV
you know check out I had sex with Matt's
mom calm and a guy he goes to the same
website but at the same time cripples
Matt's feelings so really that's the
point but what we were gonna say is that
if you make an awesome bash URL whether
it's about us one of your friends one of
our websites anything and it's awesome I
mean you don't have to even use the
codes you will be our sponsor of the day
so it could be something like uh the
dude that edits the vlogedy every now
and then but mainly at its LT a I'm like
how big is this URL looks like Lex
Luthor com anything anyway just
something fun mainly because we had way
too much time on our hands as you can
tell god we have so much time it's it's
like six o'clock in the morning that's
why doing here I'm yes hey guys thanks
for watching I hope you liked the video
if you're not done with the internet
there are other videos that I put out
today as a new PDS which I talked about
newest stuff things and in general just
be awesome blog where I talk about the
BBC article that they wrote about me and
the future of YouTube and I just kind of
talked about it explain some of what
goes on here in the business as well as
the first actual review of movie club so
yeah click clickety clack those
annotations or don't
