motherfucker I'm awesome no you're not
dude don't love awesome drive around in
my mom's dry i'm awesome quarter of my
life gone by and i met all my friends
online motherfucker I'm awesome the
sweat sweat swagger of a cripple vlog
any top people what's up I said what's
up twice becomes this point in
everybody's life that they realize I
have no organization in my life and
that's why everything sucks or maybe
it's because my father beat me but all
people need organization in their lives
if they want stuff to not suck that's
just a fact the fact if you don't have
organization that everything is chaos
chaos is not good oh my back chaos is
usually result of being ill-prepared and
you know who was ill-prepared Hitler
Gandhi to that I say you have a good
point ow I want you to take a moment and
go hey is my life organ I'm not even
left-handed how much time do I have in
the day it never feels like enough so
after you make your list I want you to
look at it and go oh my God my life is
complicated or I can really be doing
Todd to it up with my life and if that's
true do we do new stuff on stuff for
example here's some real organization
that we're doing Ruby club is being
brought to LTA so new movie club video
today check it out and you can also
watch kickass while we talk most of the
channels that we operate on are gonna
run monday wednesday friday that mm
maybe a few more poster designs this
video is mainly to say hey what's up i'm
still me no matter how scattered or how
much stuff changes and things and at
some point things will be normal but
probably not for a very long time hey
nation hope you enjoyed the video you
just watched if you want to watch some
more stuff that we made today there's a
philip defranco show where we talk about
things and stuff a new new vlog and of
course LTA brings back the movie club of
things and stuff and yeah
annotations or get a post whatever it's
not like I care about what but you like
it
