hello and welcome to SourceFed presents
the series here at SourceFed calm where
we highlight some of the big and small
but mainly talented people online that
you should be checking out today we are
introducing YouTube Peter break you a
travel blogger and just a cool guy and
so without further ado horse fed
presents hello everyone my name is Peter
Breggin better known on YouTube SP drop
that speedy ROP don't ask me why I
joined YouTube in 2005 and I probably
could have picked youtube.com slash
Peter but I want the anonymous at the
time which leads me to now very much so
not anonymous and produce and host a
travel series entitled in transit the
premise of the show is we utilize
different modes of transportation all
around the world entertaining educating
and inspiring our audience along the way
taking all sorts of trips first trip
actually was walk from here in Los
Angeles to San Diego most recently we
took a public transportation that's
buses and votes from here in Los Angeles
to the Panama Canal that trip lasted us
4,000 miles and we took that on a really
tight budget actually spending close to
two thousand dollars for the entire trip
and now we're looking to produce more
and more content we've been doing this
for a few years now today we're the
scoot stars now in june thirteenth we're
gonna ride these scooters the max out of
29 miles per hour across the united
states years ago actually when i first
joined youtube I was kind of delving
into different types of projects i was
spending different items on my finger I
was making trying to make that viral hit
but then I kind of gravitated towards
what I've been doing most my life and
that's traveling so I picked up my
camera with a couple friends and we
documented a journey where we decided to
walk from here in Los Angeles to San
Diego so we did that we uploaded the
videos and film every day and kind of
create a real-time experience
entertain her audience and from that we
want to go on another trip so we kicked
it up a notch and we rode these like
dinky 49cc scooters that max out at 29
miles per hour and rode them across the
United States all the while allowing via
viewers to vote on our next destination
so it just kind of snowballed into a
travel show I guess and that's where I
found my niche in my comfort zone and
that's what I like to do like to travel
my parents immigrated from Poland and
when I was a child around three years
old we went to go visit back to their
homeland and we traveled around all of
Europe Nick campervan and that sort of
sparked my interest in traveling I guess
I didn't know at the time I was young
but even although until high school is
sort of with my philosophy of travel
chance fired into what it is now which
is sort of this concept of kind of
appreciating the mode of transport that
you're utilizing instead of flying to a
destination I kind of felt like maybe we
should embrace the concept of getting to
your destination that usually was the
slow route that way you can really
appreciate the road and where you
started where you're going and where
you're at right now because it's not
about where you go it's about going the
people you meet and the things you see
along the way they call it wanderlust
and I have a serious case of it
amazing
so when i first joined youtube I didn't
think anything of it but actually what
it allowed me to do was broadcast the
stupid things that I was making and I
didn't think that I was gonna turn into
anything or just a place for me to show
my friends and family what I was doing a
lot of time to really why I got a lot of
time on your hands okay you're crazy
you're weird but there was like these
moments when they would feature a video
and it'd be on the front page and you
get 100,000 views but early years they'd
be like 20,000 and that just kept me
going just kept me just hoping to get
that one viral sensation and it never
happened but I still had that that hope
and dream that one day it would happen
but I just kept doing what I was doing
and I found my niche I found what I
really enjoyed doing that was travel
content so just recently YouTube has
created this program called the next up
competition it's like 25 youtubers and
they provide a 35 thousand dollar grant
to help them further produce their
content and I was chosen recently as one
of the winners so now finally I could
tell myself all that stupid hard work
paid off and I'm really excited that now
I the opportunity to keep doing what I
do and not have to feel so guilty about
wasting my time or
you know maybe focusing on something
else so YouTube really really is helping
me pursue my dream the feeling of not
knowing where you are or where you're
going is indescribable it's different
for everyone follow me Peter Brady as I
go in transit through Mexico and Central
America thanks everyone for watching if
you want to watch them my content online
you can visit me at in transit TV or you
can check me out on youtube at
youtube.com / p drop that speedy ROP
thank you for watching and remember it's
about the journey not the destination
take care
