hello vlog aunty I know this is this is
a later video than I normally post but
just chillin here on the bed with the
pups Lindsey just left nose like I can't
get my fix the blog and so this weekend
was really good because I got back in
saturday night and Lindsey surprised me
she uh she shipped up at the airport she
got in a day early and she surprised me
with sandwich in hand she had a new
mommy burger truffle the kind i like
that i didn't eat the nikki said no and
and so that was exciting because i was
like oh I get my dessert early I'm
excited yeah and what else what else
what else what else and then we did
stuff and then Lindsay threw a ball at
me and then I threw some at her and I
get that reference huh come on you look
good you look good you're fine you're
fine look look at the camera see no you
can't use that Hey well baby face down
ass up that's the way I like to babe my
butt is in the side that's not it's not
it's not come on come on no you gotta
edit out that other part I can't edit
out your booty Final Cut Pro would not
allow me are you doing what's up finally
my face Hey oh yeah I did are you on
YouTube it's uh this place hey did you
see this done come on even Ricky wants
oh no no no no no no no no no no no no
no no no anyway so keep your pimp hand
strong am i right am i right or am i
right am i right or am i right he's like
that's how you do um so over the weekend
while I was um doing stuff
um I watched Game of Thrones and I also
watched Borgia I have to say Game of
Thrones kind of better and by kinda
better I mean a lot maybe it's also
because there's a lot more anticipation
Borgia I'm just like okay I get it it's
a little it's a little spray no II back
in the day but uh it's up baby just give
me a just give me a second of the will
what the whale tail give me a little a
little second of the whales ah man other
youtubers wives oh I'm sorry I got a
wife fuck you you're gonna edit that is
wrong face oh no see I wouldn't
automatically because it isn't point
camera um so I don't even know what the
point of this was anymore Lindsay's back
so don't worry to the ladies the ladies
seemed like they were that gets back
naka be happy a sweet feel anymore you
don't understand how manic depression
works you don't I go through periods
actually that's a good way to describe
it I go through periods of my life where
I'm extremely happy the period of my
life where I'm like I must destroy right
now I'm in a period of happiness um I
got I got mama my not wife haha I I'm
feeling better about myself just things
family is good I mean I was I was I was
messing around on my whiteboard for like
two or three hours just planning out the
future it's good because you know right
now I'm winning while I'm in my up stage
I'm excited for the future and um these
are the times where I'm like willing to
try new things it's the time where we
messed around and made a LTA with Toby
in my linen and Toby and and then we
threw it and do a
different thing and so and so it's just
like the time where yeah I'm a mess some
stuff up and a lot of stuff will work
and a lot of stuff won't but I'm
enlisted this place where I'm just like
really excited to do stuff even what
nothing you just don't get it yes just
be like ah ha ha ha whatever that philip
defranco i like to think so so anyways
some big stuff if you how are you still
watching this after five minutes this is
terrible this is a terrible video i will
probably reiterate these things in other
videos but some things to look forward
to movie club we're gonna we're gonna
move head over to LTA oh my god Phillip
yes we're moving it over to LTA and
that's what we're trying now we're
figuring out what's the the next thing
to do just you know for me on the blog
whether it's a project 30 or whether
it's just taking you along on something
that maybe I have not shown you or maybe
just more of these us talking and by us
talking to me in the one-sided
conversation where I say things and you
go I i I'll 8 or I don't relate but this
is my opinion or this is my advice and
blah Blee blah blah blah and things and
stuff and words anyways I love your
faces I'm gonna love her face is and uh
what else maybe what should I end with
Oh God okay go check out at Lindsey's
channel she just posted videos while she
was in Morocco yeah Oh mouth readers
just got a joke wing
