so this is something that I wrote on
Philly DTV but I thought I should you
know i should mention on the blog me
some more people could see it more
people could possibly take it in and
it's a little thing I call confidence
and specifically it's a message to the
lady so dear ladies I know on the philip
defranco show that i talk about models
with ridiculous proportions and at the
end of the day my biggest fear is that
you guys will be super self-conscious
about yourselves and to that i have to
say to admit i don't actually have a
thing for like asians with big boobs
that's not my thing I've granted I do
love the full rainbow of women all their
differences all their curves all their
personalities just sexy but the thing
that ties most sexy women together is
confidence because a woman with
confidence talks walks and fucks with
confidence and that's sexy it is
100-percent sexy what I mean is just
being comfortable in your own skin and
it's I know it's easier set it done but
i know that i'll never be ripped like
Ryan Reynolds but there are some good
things about me and I make sure every
morning that I know those things for
example I I'm glad I'm 6 foot tall I'm
happy about that I i'm glad that i can
make people think and smile i actually
like my smile not when i use my teeth
which is very specific my mouth's
awesome lindsay and it never hurts to
have two dimples I like that I like that
about myself and I make sure I let
myself know it without going overboard
because then the rest would just be lies
but just something that lets me know you
know what I'm a little bit awesome and I
don't want to ever forget that and
you're a little bit awesome and you
shouldn't forget that now granted I will
always have a weird sexual obsession for
Salma Hayek and my girlfriend will
having not so secret love for Jason
Statham but at the end of the day well
what really matters is you gotta love
yourself and I know I've said this
before but you gotta love yourself and
don't look in the mirror and cry because
you're not your ideal you and you always
want better don't look at your pants and
go uh those are way
too tight or look at your face and go I
gotta fix that like now just owned you
bu and owned it the wrestle just the
rest will just fall in place and if
anything gets across I guess it's don't
try to be anyone else don't sincerely
philip defranco i hope you guys are
having an awesome product i have to go a
film out the philip defranco show and
make some people think and laugh and
stuff and words but um yeah just
something I thought I'd throw that out
into the world love your faces and stuff
yeah
