somebody on my actually let's let's
start this by talking about Matt Matt
Matt here is the man the reason being is
that a today today was a travel days for
the PD answer is ridiculous hello so
let's stared at me in an orange shirt
yeah that's the back of your head maybe
you'll see it one day be like does that
mean I don't know because that's just
nor ensure i have a couple more surance
a lot of more chance when i used to work
at little caesars oh the reason matt's
awesome is because we filmed out the PDS
and he edited the show into the car I
thought you're going to throw up for a
second I was very happy to me Tom he
graphics on the train and we uploaded
before we went through security and we
ran through security and we got into our
plane so those of you that are lifetime
that's cool but there's really not much
to say except dumb thank you for all
people that love me and love and no i
wasn't i wasn't on a shitload of e
though I've never actually done it would
you ever do it maybe not only in a race
only in a rave and not a party full of
dudes right yeah that'd be terrible
anyways quick update Movie Club we're
gonna we're gonna bring that back next
week it's just it's it's really hard to
do all this on the road because it is
just mad myself and not the full team of
monkeys what else what else meant
something important something bored eat
your broccoli yeah so if you got
anything on this video eat your broccoli
I'm not crazy i'm not on e and hey
actually if you do something in the
comments for me there's a big deal for
me help me out with what car i should
buy preferably something
not just too expensive o people are
going which is the price range me about
40 40 40 80 room cycle is that too much
oh yeah let's go to the lower extensor
40,000 and down 40,000 and down what car
should i buy because because I watchman
call it because uh I apparently I'm
gonna get paid for the car because it's
totaled and you help me out I'll be out
oh my god hey Mack guess what not the
Batmobile yeah any factor too long we
have to pour the plane where's the
button
