let's blow it now you made me really
scared it's gonna explode
hello top man what up we're gonna say
some nice things about each other
because it's a world kindness day so
this is gonna be real easy today is
world kindness day November 13th so
we're gonna be talking about sad things
and some happy things so we're gonna
come out of this with feeling feelings
of kindness tell them a penis boom
nailed it you go first
well I do I have to go first you have to
think about it my mind
I'm gonna have you write down something
negative someone is either said to you
or you've said to yourself or something
that maybe four years has been an
insecurity viewers and then we're gonna
burn the fucker okay so you get that
down and then I'll do mine as well okay
that's where that whiskey way okay so I
was bullied a lot growing up one time in
third grade someone spun me around and
just punched me in the face for reasons
and then I was also once in middle
school by my football teammate so he was
walking behind me and just spat on the
back of my head and probably called me a
really bad name and I remember I went to
my history teacher and I think she
called him a little shit or something
like the first time I heard of teacher
like curse and she's like come on in and
she like cleaned up the back of my head
wipe the flame off and all that so that
was sort of my experience up until late
high school and I'll burn this
motherfucker so mine says too fat to
exist big issue of z' with people who
are overweight or obese or not of
average weight at all I guess is that
they are seen as subhuman and that's
something that I dealt with my entire
life it sucks being a larger woman on
YouTube you get in the comments all the
time and like you have to let it roll
off you write like it's whatever but
when it takes it into light into the
real world YouTube comments trolls
whatever they're online they're behind
the screen but when it takes it into a
real place and it's been like your
entire life like that's a negative thing
like it's a negative impact it doesn't
people are like well if you shame people
into losing weight it works well works
and it's something that I am trying to
let go of every day I'm ready to burn it
no that's the real real fun kid made fun
of my hair I think I was like 5 at the
time it's kid made fun of my hair not
like just in a regular place that we
were in the bathroom okay and I was
peeing at a urinal he was peeing out of
urinal they looked over and he's like
why is your hair like that and I'm like
because God made it that way
and he's like well it's stupid and so I
turned and peed on him oh god where I'm
sorry plot twist what yeah it turned I
peed on him I was five I'm sorry I think
your hair's great is very little kid I
don't remember
that's how unimportant you were to me so
into the camera so to camera so not only
did I hear this a lot growing up because
I'm loud and boisterous I don't know but
I tell myself this a lot I have a very
big insecurity of like saying the wrong
thing at the wrong time for the wrong
people especially when I mean a group of
friends like I'll say something and then
I'll immediately be like why did I say
that that was so stupid I'm such an
idiot
and it prevents me from making new
friends because I just feel like I'm
annoying and I should just be quiet
hmm it's not gonna burn that can we
sacrifice like some versions as Luke
points to himself all right this gives
me anxiety did you guys see that
babysitter movie on this is oddly
therapeutic it feels good it feels great
oh shit is this going to explode though
I could also pee on it if it gets like
you did that stupid boy we're going
right now boy you got burned up my turn
yeah what are you insecure about the
world may never know it's that I won't
achieve my dreams until I lose a hundred
pounds the idea that like that until I
lose weight I'm not gonna get what I
want but I couldn't achieve what I want
the way the weight I am now that is
didn't think of anything when Jason
doesn't turn on his blinker dude Jason
doesn't use his fucking turn signals
he's gonna he's the problem he's part of
the problem they're like let's burn
Jason okay so that's my big insecurity I
know I know it's my biggest insecurity
in the whole wide world
I like base my life for the fact that I
just don't think I'm good enough
oh well thank you it's uh like
friendships my job like relationships
it's just yeah it's one of those like
underlying like look I'm in therapy
we're working it out my phones blowing
up man you just take take time it's all
right do you check Twitter I got nothing
to do what's going on to edit this video
mine is unfaithful I've been in a lot of
relationships that have been
and ended rather poorly with people that
have been unfaithful and I have a very
large tattoo on my side that has meaning
towards it as well and I'm very much
someone who cares a lot about other
people and cares about especially people
that I'm in relationships with even in
my current relationship now I struggle
with trusting and I always have that in
the back of my mind I'm like this person
is gonna be unfaithful towards me I
don't want to be that way I don't want
to I guess let my past ruin my future no
burn it know why I wrote in the corner
it's one word is what is the my body oh
there you go
I've been secured about how I look
really mm-hmm it hurts the most right
now because I've weighed the most I ever
have yet have changed literally nothing
about my life and I'm pretty sure it's
just cuz I'm getting older my metabolism
isn't kicking in also I have a desk job
let's burn that body burn it also fuck
people who have been unfaithful to write
this is the greatest human I know we're
getting into complements next but fuck
everyone oh my god even my flames and
see you were worried that your flame
wasn't good enough and instead we're
about to burn down this building you
gave up control we'll get it now and now
it's a fire hazard for this next part we
are going to tell our partners something
about them that is great that they might
not really know and I think that that's
important to do with people around you
because everyone's kind of stuck in
their own heads and a great act of
kindness is to help someone become aware
of something wonderful about themselves
that they just haven't really understood
or are been able to see before so that's
gonna be our act of kindness today so I
think one of your greatest
characteristics that you may not be
aware of is your strength really guys
your strong full or yourself your family
okay from here you know what to do with
here things you have to do that aren't
your job to deal with they still do
thank you thank you you're never nice to
me thank you
you absolutely do not have to do that
ever again like that that can be like
the one nice it is the one that's the
one okay sometime notice about you that
I don't know if you're aware of but I
think it's really cute well thank you
yes they are very thin they burned when
I was a child wait what I didn't grow up
why did you burn your eyebrow
job oh you I have I got to you I'm sorry
you falling face-first to a fire and
then just like embers they fall
face-first I fell on my back oh and then
the flames came around oh my god the
only thing was this little fuck up and I
mean they kind of burned off that was a
bit of a scar oh yeah pictures my neck
gets hurt nose - I'm gonna burn that
away man that's a horrible memory what
does it say is that you really care like
it's like you care too much to the point
where it's like how how can you care
this much about like what's going on so
you'll stay late and work here for I
don't know how many hours or like for me
it's like I get paid until 6:00 and then
I'm gonna go home and now work at this
and you it's like no my job doesn't stop
and it's like I mean your job does but
you don't allow it to and it's the same
with your family life it's like you had
a wedding video that like you're like I
kept putting it off we kept putting off
and I just need to do it and I was like
are they paying you like like if my
family was gonna be that I feel like
well how much are you gonna pay me to do
this I have to take away from my time in
my career to do this for you and you're
like no it's for my family I have to do
it and you did it and so I think that's
really awesome that I have someone in my
life that cares that much it's sweet
it's really really sweet video but I'll
hug you after okay anyway my point was
something that's really cute is how like
mushy and sweet and kind you could come
when it comes to a dog's it's cuz dogs
are the best you love animals but
particularly dogs I feel like dogs are
better than people yeah
and so it's like James could be you know
James but then like the minute he sees a
dog there's a dog he's like well how's
it going he's that's a good boy
I just I just like that that shift a
shift in character yeah I feel like
that's the real Eugene and I think maybe
you kind of know but you don't fully
fully know like how funny you are
okay I think you're really really funny
and really quick-witted and I think that
you kind of just feel like shake it off
but you make me laugh really hard so I
know one of the things that you worry
about a lot is that you overthink
because you do because you do a lot of
anything but it is one of the things I
admire the most about you because you're
not very reactionary you take your time
to really think through what you want to
say and how
feel about people and how you're going
to go about your life and that is
something I wish I had I wish I was able
to be that thoughtful okay so I I knew
we were doing this and I thought about
it before I came into this room but I've
thought this for years I think you you
get down on yourself a lot but you are
truly one of the most passionate people
that I know and I think sometimes you
take your passion and turn it into a
negative that like you're doing more
than you should be or you're doing the
wrong thing but you and everything you
have ever done at least in my eyes
you've approached it with a good heart
and good intentions and I think that you
should let this passion guide you and
not pull you back so I've noticed about
you okay is that despite your feelings
or how you may benefit you always try to
take the middle of the road and see
everyone side and understand and always
step into their shoes and it's very
adamant all along people say I'm right
this is the position that's how we do it
you're born you're very open to things
you may not agree with and I think
that's very rare thing in this this time
where everyone's very extreme my side or
no way I don't know how to quite put it
the way that you approach life and
problem-solving and learning and
literally anything is probably one of
the reasons if not the reason that I
keep you around in my life you make me
want to be a better person every day I
haven't gotten teary eyed like this I
watched up I think happy world kindness
day go get someone a hug because you
never know they might need it maybe they
don't like being hugged they probably
don't like being hugged most people
don't really like being touched by
people they don't well but some of them
do a happy kindness day go do something
kind for someone not even just your best
friend I'm gonna hug the shit out of
this asshole yeah hopefully you can go
out and even if it's someone you know or
someone you know you can say some nice
are you happy we celebrated world
kindness day I don't even know the day
so sure
what is it Monday okay
this is kind of long you just do a
retake of putting a cap on a marker
maybe alright not shooting right now oh
sorry
okay save the commentary for the DVD man
