hey I'm in Georgia the mean streets did
I say the mean streets I meant
the very expensive streets we're
shooting at a buddy's house here in
Georgia well specifically Tony and
blackboxtv is shooting a thing at one of
their buddies houses and I thought I'd
come up show some support and then I'm
going to see my dad Thursday and I'm
going to be that in Florida for three
days in advance I don't have a bunch of
time for a meet-up but probably the next
one I'm going to do is going to be at
VidCon but links to that and stuff below
anything else that's going on I just
want to make a video I my my mind is in
such a an odd place I'm in this place
right now where like I want to scream it
I want to tell it to anyone that will
listen aya that love my girlfriend I
love my girlfriend I can't stop thinking
about granted it might be because my
swimmers have multiplied to an extent
that they're in my brain but it's just
this this thing in my head I know that
people say the you know distance between
each other makes the heart grow fonder
but I just just in my head and I'm like
I feeling this after three years I mean
I can't even imagine you twenty year old
guys and I don't know I just want to be
like I love this girl I don't know why I
mean I love this girl but I don't know
why I want to like scream it I don't I
think it's just because you find that
person and they make you feel good about
yourself and they make you a better
person and they're just real and you go
through some hard times and you go
through a hopefully more good times and
you just love you just love this thing
that runs through your body and and you
know that you'll take for granted and
and that's the that's the cycle and all
you can do is just keep experiencing and
keep
taking it in and and and laughing and
like hurting and man I just six and a
half more days she comes back I'm
excited I'm gonna steal her from the
world for like two days but man I don't
know I just I had to say it to someone
have you ever felt like that ah I don't
know I don't know what it is hmm anyways
Lindsey if you're watching us I love you
it's my audience I love you O face but
now my penis like with Lindsey what
that's so weird
anyway just realized I couldn't talk
about anyone's parents so in this video
by saying thank you for uh for all the
kind words after my crash I am okay the
car is totaled it's mostly a water
damage um but yeah and everything's
gonna work out because apparently I have
awesome coverage and it's the first time
I ever had to use it so I don't know
today is a good day I'm in a beautiful
place the only thing that's missing is
the GF but she's gonna be back at six
and a half days oh man
and I mean if you want to see anything
about the news especially like Osama bin
Laden blah blah blah check out the PDS
which should be up in like two hours to
the rest of you I love my girlfriend
and before you say marry her you don't
just cuz you feel it doesn't mean like
you have to to jump to something like
that I just I know that with rain
without I want be with this girl this
woman ah ah I know this is probably lame
to a lot of my male viewers but don't
don't feel don't feel like it turns you
into less of a man like a man should
love ah I know that a lot of the ah
ma'am just love love anything you can
hold it
to close only close man
