hey Internet it's a lazy weekend video
that's low-quality off a lie hey I'm not
even gonna apologize I'm not gonna
apologize below quality because I'm not
going anywhere
I'm staying in this bed maybe going to
the pool not gonna take any more risk
because today I got into my first car
accident and saying I'm okay everyone's
okay the only things that got hurt
we're like an innocent mailbox a fire
hydrant the wall I hit and my car but
did I mention I hit a fire hydrant
but the how did you crash you a car well
I was just driving on a road and it's a
little curvy and there was an area I
think they were doing road work on the
other side of the road there was a big
area that was just a lot slicker and
then it turns out that two of my tires
are very very low on tread and so I lost
control the things spun around that
that's why I'm backwards and I went
backwards through everything and you
know a lot of people say oh right before
like something like a crash or something
scary happens your life flashes before
your eyes no not at all you know what
happened I looked and all I saw was a
fucking wall coming at me and the last
thing I thought it wasn't like I loved
everything or wasn't I I thought oh shit
and that's don't suck if that was the
last thing I thought oh shit ah you know
it was scarier though is after the crash
I have to like jump out and get out
because there's a wall there I have to
climb up the wall to get out because the
fucking ocean is coming up underneath me
and and the people across street are
like you okay lady cross street you okay
the guy that I was in front of his house
the only thing I took out his mailbox I
took out his mailbox that's it I did no
damage to his property
he's like you mother fucker get off my
property before I kick your at like the
most aggressive I'm like dude I could
have died it's a car and I'm it's a
mailbox I will buy you eight mailboxes
calm down that was the thing I didn't
get the aggression because it's not like
I slammed into his house or near his
house getting one of those driveways
that goes up like a block and it's like
a vertical driveway I there's no way I
could have gotten up the wall that I
slammed into was a state made wall I
believe that keeps you from just like
running into the hillside and and I was
like I didn't do anything to you like
and it showed me how messed up people's
priorities are because if you saw
someone crash I think 90% of people are
semi decent if you give them a chance
and they'll be like hey are you okay
they'd stop I don't know if even if they
just slowed down their car are you okay
and most people were but these
guy he was more like worried about his
mail but I could have died when I say
that and I don't want to make it crazy
because I don't want to make Lindsay
nervous or anything or my family or
anyone like that it's like I got off the
phone with the collision guys that have
my car they didn't think it was me at
first and they were Larry sure you're
okay
cuz we're going to let your inspector
come here but your car is totaled
like like uh-uh
and that that's a whole other thing but
like essentially saying that if I didn't
wear my seat belts about to be the been
extremely injured or I could have died
and and and and all this guy cares about
are these things that don't matter like
I might have done $60 of damage if
that's an expensive mailbox I don't know
and and I messed up my car and and and
anyway I end up defusing it any which
way I can I give him my number my credit
card I call him or not my credit card
why would I do that
my ID my insurance information a premium
coverage so he's gonna lie I was like if
I I could have run through your house
you would've gone your money and I was
apologizing profusely to the
firefighters no because I was actually I
felt worse about the firefighters
because I'm like you know they're
professionals I'm just wasting their
time cuz I took out a fire hydrant and
and I'm just like apologizing and they
were complete professionals they made
sure I was okay then they took care of
the situation I think they were mainly
just amused by the the fountain that
happened after my car moved
in points I'm okay I don't think this
experience has really changed me because
it's not like I'm like a crazy dude I
always going the speed limit
my tires weren't possibly where they
could have been ideal I'm just so happy
that no one got hurts at the end of day
it's a fucking collar like things or
things and if there's anything I get
across as video things or fucking things
it's just I don't know how because I
think I'm thankful
