Brooke you never get any video time cuz
you never stay still but look are so
cute Oh rookie okay and then I stopped
Robin knows what are you doing well you
have your head yeah my face then I'm
like home rubbing your belly he's like
oh ok that's cool I like belly rub
motherfucker I'm awesome no you're not
dude don't love awesome drive around in
my mom's rhyme awesome quarter of my
life gone by and I met all my friends
online motherfucker I'm awesome the
sweat sweat swagger of a cripple oh are
you oh my god you're filming I don't
know what to do in front of the camera
hey we're inside of human people the
warehouse is actually really bear right
now is that a big shipment my posters
and Toby posters and a Miss waiting for
them because I'm supposed to sign some
more stuff cuz you guys could buy and
stuff thank you Matt are you happy I'm
having turn on yourself I'm always
having people at home feel only hear you
smacking your lips now it's disgusting
I'm just talking to Phil about how
there's like lots of Eastern hurricanes
going through like lots of lots of
tornadoes yeah gota Lindsay's Lindsay's
parents at Lindsay's dad his leg one of
his houses fucking trees crashed through
the thing destroyed it then her brother
he lives in I just an apartment fucking
roof got thrown off the building hub and
her mom her how she was gone but her her
husband was there and the house is like
he won't even tell her how destroyed it
is it's scary because you know people
could have been in those houses at that
time like literally I think next door to
lindsay's mom's place her neighbor died
for the shriek payment that's nice I
didn't use a good tornadoes Bobby a
tornado because they live in alabama
i havena marks had it's been replaced by
a computer i hate's mark with a giant
computer box head hey big bro remember
at one time that we've got um
so your family like Morgan a lot more
than Sarah Sarah bitches ain't nothing
like that Sarah was like giving you like
bang me is when you guys went away to a
secluded room and you're like found
water and you're sitting and doing
something that was kind of illegal oh
it's a risk we should just get naked
with you how much riskier can we get we
have a second note this is that weight
sweat as a seizure fulfilling what do
they say about Morgan that they want
they want to know why when I was going
on more dates with her have you ever
keep up with her yeah that's not for a
baseball yeah you guys ever meet again
like you did with Sarah know where you
met Sarah again yeah several times she
lives in Vegas she comes out here oh wow
what happened I think we thing is three
girls to what bettens we're calling the
video same here but no we have to have
either three girls or two girls two
girls would be the rocks competition
three maybe we'd be able to spy stuff
but no matter what at some point there's
gonna be an asian girl because last time
one of the asian girls was very liked by
the audience got snubbed because Lindsay
thought that she would one have section
which is not true well we're not saying
it's not true but it but but I've okay
with that well I'm not
with fuller
is that the punch I'm my own house if it
looks like you're about to be like wax
on wax off if you are going to be
we're going to see a hobo with a shotgun
that was Jason eyes with his record the
movie we were trying to run into each
other like every other time
you guys have worked out but uh yeah and
hopefully Kevin's here haiyan selling
tickets
it's my first time in the service I've
never been important but we're the only
people for service section so I filled
loudly I feel like I feel like they're
all going to turn on us and we don't
have we don't have any advantages
Oh
win
rules
hate to tell you this but if you grow up
here you're more likely to wind up
selling your bodies on the streets we're
shooting dope from dirty needles and
Busta maybe
lena like me
hobo's a shotgun
of all the movies I've seen this year
the shit out of guy who's chained upside
down
what is five
go see hobo with a shotgun it's got
nudity it's got violence and gore boom I
would
my favorite part is when Mark got sick
and left the theater Galen's our London
the aliens are in London the aliens are
in London and well are we going to die
to be continued I hate to be continued
episodes another to be continued episode
that you have us watch Thursday night
because there are 13 episodes per season
you just know the doctors are gonna die
Pretorius amounts of fart jokes so just
be cool like the doctor who's belonged a
very sexually appealing partner thing
that really pisses me off about this
episode is the mom is she is a fucking
dumb bitch Doctor Who I like you cuz
your cheesy you don't need to have a
good plot I can just be terrible but
just be fun it's not quite as cheesy as
it once was but is still the perfect
amount of cheesiness to get everything
done why the hell would you call the
cops on your daughter I understand your
daughter's been gone for a year with
some rent dude probably fucking the guy
who are gradually taking all the
characters I'm lacking the more and more
as the episodes go on I love Doctor Who
I loved it for a really long time now
fucking awesome
Oh
