motherfucker I'm awesome no you're not
dude dont la awesome drive around in my
mom's right i'm also a quarter of my
life gone by and i met all my friends
online motherfucker I'm awesome the
sweat sweat swagger of a cripple
what what what's going on what's going
on what'd you do whoa whoa calm down no
reason get riled up okay hey yeah yeah
yeah yeah it's like the wrestlers do
there we go welcome it's a thursday laga
di know it's so great there's nothing
there's nothing special about thursday
it's a sprint friday and then you get
friday and then you're just exhausted
like fat man who thought he could run a
mile it just it doesn't work Oh what am
I talking about it is thursday thursday
is actually i'm turning my tuesdays and
thursdays and the lazy days I'm like
there's no show I should do nothing or
something it's not in this blue room and
a lot of you have been like hey Phil why
haven't you been using a lot of footage
from inside the office well because this
week I don't want to see very boring
don't want I don't want to take you
along on me staring at a computer 12
hours for a day typing not that
interesting you had like one powwow
which turned into a weird conversation
she has her kryptonite is turning the
camera on because she automatically just
waves no matter what she's doing you're
like those asian girls yeah because I
said I've been laughing at you all day
and then you got the joke I think but I
didn't know everybody get my first
iphone
by astor the Cielo day because I forgot
were talking about and I was like what's
the worst pickup line anyone's ever come
up to you and you said you also get it
with you which you know what that's not
the worst pick-up line I've ever heard
right what's the worst pickup line
debugger what was it you wanna do you
like to dance those one of the penis in
which I got to go props that has hit on
you he asked me that like the dance you
have to pick it be friends yes did we
could hang out sometime and I just like
I said no one laughed at all of those
see that's a man that you left you know
what love doesn't have a language
barrier can you picture me with the dude
hey girlie hey baby all not i gotta
finish this and then we can go to the
whole foods and get groceries later
female deer races I usually don't ask
questions in this blog because it's me
just like pouring stuff out to you but
what's the weirdest hiccup line you've
ever used someones ever used on you or
someone you saw like to see those bonus
points 17 extra bonus points if you send
in video responses of you hitting on me
if I was a boy or girl not necessarily
me but now it's just weird what else the
cops came by it was good it was like the
first time I wasn't scared of the cops i
think was because I was not in my car on
the side of the road I always feel so
vulnerable around cops I told this story
like 180,000 videos ago but when I was
like 17 my friend was an asshole driver
followed a cop he was look oh if we
follow the cop he can't pull this over
which is actually very stupid and the
cop ended up lying its overall we were
following him so he pulled the gun out
on us ever since then I was terrified
calm which sucks because I'm white like
I should be like I should be like very
officer but no no that's so racist by
true you know it if you're black come on
let's be honest
this is just a flash fire extinguishers
they're here just check mate bars like I
was like why scales back I told my
liking people to come and dressed as
cops and get your information so I got
his card you know she thought she was
gonna be abducted I get the caronoi I
should punch the bottom of a you love
you I the roundhouse kick automatic
translation you know what you do you
know we have everything we should we
should ask someone in the nation to make
the tarantula dance song and oh you have
money people send it i'm doing this
range within i want so i want this that
i want this more than anything i thess
the tarantula tis
hmm not early enough yesterday I was
like what am I gonna do with my my old
website Phil ed on TV I don't post there
because there's no reason to double post
because I'm contributing a course to I
SourceFed and I was like oh I'm gonna
turn it into a personal so LED TV in a
few days there's a lot of you been
asking what's it happening with the site
and start forwarding to something I
started yesterday which was a tumblr I
was like what is this website and and
through tumblr I found like I had I love
Donald Glover during the movie club we
watched mystery team it was pretty funny
Derek's comedy on youtube hilarious but
I didn't know he wrapped and he has like
this whole EP that's free include a link
down below some of you will like it some
of you maybe won't most be what that
won't like most of you that don't like
it well most like it just not be fans
proud it was really but it was so cool
and I was like what is this tumblr world
granted ninety-four percent of it is 12
year old girls where angsty it like
that's that's the Internet I mean for
the most part that's who's watching all
the other youtubers were mainly Bros
here and i like to think would schwerin
/ girls what the welcome to tumblr has
been nice but I'm not going to treat it
as a tumblr I'm just gonna treat it as a
personal site if you want to stalk me
that websites gonna be like shit I like
musicians artists clothes just a bunch
of stuff I don't really put anywhere
else guys that wasn't everything for
today of course was another day of movie
club this week we are watching Doctor
Who I am very far ahead of the group I
just finished season three last night
link as many of you said was definitely
one of the best episodes last night you
watch different episodes you just
watching the first seven this week but
Phil how are they doing it well thank
you person setting me up for a
sponsorship that's not really a
sponsorship there of course many ways to
do it several thousand of you guys have
joined in on netflix.com slash really
you use that URL tell your friends to
use that you are oh I'm as I so
demanding you get a free month trial of
instant streaming movies and TV show
it's a good thing and then of course
they help us out here at the studio
album I think one to create something
called sell out Saturday literally
anyone that we have kind of sponsorships
with will do will have like the godaddy
Matt get shot by paintballs second well
we'll think about it after the trebles
what I'm traveling me because I'm like I
don't want to answer my phone anyway
rambling continue watching doctor who
this week I'm glad a lot of you guys
were like oh it's not cheesy that's what
you sound like I've been like oh now I
love the cheese yes that's the whole
point of series the guys that's really
it for today and as always I love your
face and I'll see you
small room episode 3 was fucking awesome
it was genius the show points out but
not everything that we think happened
happened anything could have happened
unless we were there we don't really
know I forgot how much I freaking love
this show it is amazing oh my god and
through the episode you end up finding
out that Charles Dickens is a badass
he's just awesome in this this makes a
wish that this was the first episode
that dr. just took dicket's around and
they went around because he is a much
more compelling character than Rosa will
ever be to me I really liked all the
action and zombies zombies I liked the
episode scarier than the other ones it's
like random extraterrestrials are coming
in and being like hey you want your body
which I mean kind of a compliment
because I want our bodies but like no no
stay away that is terrifying I don't
know about you but if I was the
caretaker I would not stand in the hub
but if i was there at that moment the
first thing i would do is i probably
give her a good sake we can punch the
shit out of her yeah so I'm really
excited that it's just it's getting
better and better and better and I'm
really glad that I stuck with it
