motherfucker I'm awesome no you're not
dude don't I'm awesome
drive around in my mom's Drive awesome a
quarter of my life gone by and I met all
my friends online motherfucker
the swagger of a cripple it's Wednesday
yeah it is yeah cuz I'm filming 18
videos today I've got a PBS I got this
but this really doesn't count I never I
don't feel like the vlogs count like cuz
the other ones I'm like let's research
and we have to Jack and then they have
to go through stuff and these I'm just
like hey what's up I'm an idiot
how you doing but it is Wednesday as you
can tell I got a haircut for better or
worse but I don't look like a hippie
there's less to grab is good in a fight
not so good for sex
what else someone sent me some YouTube
messages that I could make some money
online thank Allah after getting my hair
cut yesterday I hung out with the other
dudes from SourceFed and I was just
watching them design their logo and I
was like that looks like something I
like it I don't know what it is have you
been following me on my my Twitter or my
facebook links down below so I can self
promote myself promoting and a big thing
that affected within me that I that I
want to talk about yesterday was ended
up hanging out with Tony me Tony V
blackboxtv Tony and we ended up go into
this this mixer and all the familiar
faces in LA were there and lots of
unfamiliar which happens because there
are a lot of movie and TV guys they jump
on the web bandwagon to luck hey no
networks would pick up my shit do you
want to put it on your website and give
me a ridiculous amount of money and no
no that whole thing more power to them
if they can conned their way and to tons
of money for like 100 views or power to
you you got if you got the hustle down
you deserve I saw a bunch of people that
I would like to I always end up seeing
kind of the same people and we end up
with kind of like huddling in a circle
but really fun really fun dudes my
favorite people that I saw last night is
that wrong is that wrong to be open
about who my favorite people were
probably are the fine brothers who do a
lot of a lot of things that you probably
love there's always a funny story with
the fine brothers because back in the
day they weren't called the fine
brothers they were called raven steak
and my girlfriend at the time loved them
and i was not funny on funnier and
but I love I secretly love their stuff
it's so embarrassing to say but then
they start posting videos on YouTube
they do the the lost videos more
recently they do the kids react videos I
do a lot of really fun interactive
videos so I love those guys those guys
they're my favorite I have lots of
favorites though so don't feel special
Matt you're my favorite too
nothing I said get back to work I guess
let's sort of close this thing out with
one of your questions I feel I'm crushed
I'm from ek I just wanted to ask you
what is it like living in California I'm
hopefully moving to Canada later in the
year and I really like snow but it's
like sitting in Los Angeles
Carly's cool Carly is it's a very
specific sort of feel like I used to
live in Venice which is like a whole
different California I live more almost
in the valley not quite because I don't
want to be a ballet cat no offense to
you but you understand why most likely
or you're lucky it's awesome living in
the valley and it's either really hot or
really cold good for you about lots of
things to do lots of people to do and in
general the weather is awesome the first
year you're here and then afterwards you
complain about it even though it's
fucking awesome compared to where
everywhere else that being said even
though I love Cali Canadians are easily
my favorite people in the world all time
ever up today guys it's really it for
this Wednesday vlog actually we know
something we'll bring up I kind of hate
Twitter everyone on Twitter seems
bipolars if you look at like someone's
Twitter stream for example let's just
throw it out it's always like something
along the lines of like I can't believe
what's happening in Libya oh my god I
got new shoes Jake's being a jerk going
to dinner with Jake grown-ups was
actually a decent movie I love life to
live love life tweet retweet Kim
Kardashian ah so many emotions I just
don't want to deal with it I was
thinking about that on the car ride to
the studio anyway guard list of the
stupid shit that goes through my mind
today was another day of movie club or
you uh forgot you're currently watching
the 2005 season of Doctor Who season
right before David Tennant comes in if
you want to join in there are many ways
to watch series but one of the easiest
ways is to go to netflix.com slash
really be our partner in life where it's
legal come on that's weird
use netflix.com slash for lady you got a
free month trial of instant streaming
movies in it helps us out here at the
studio but my brain is empty so that
means it's uh it's done for today you
haven't seen the PDS definitely check it
out link and doobly-doo and as always I
love your faces and I'll see you
tomorrow
for gang over here I mean Phil DeFranco
Doctor Who on the awesomeness level I
think they're think they're about equal
and in my world that's that's high this
show is so perfectly corny and adorable
and amazing I don't even know what to
say I know people are saying like oh
it's corny I don't like it
Shh your people no no I know it's cheesy
but it's really good it's really it's
like well done it's like a stay well
done you just love it but you hate it
it's different it's British for me it's
perfect yeah I was younger a little more
cheesy things how does everyone keep
saying how cheesy is but it is the
cheesiness kind of part the humor of it
a lot of people kept saying oh it gets
better just trust me just trust me it
gets better and I was going but it got
better it actually did I actually liked
it yeah I mean on top soon do you think
that's the best part yet no David
Tennant is the best part you have to
take the key and embrace it it's cool to
see sci-fi kind of go back to where it's
not all CGI and this Doctor Who episode
everyone's kind of dressed up in the
costumes that hurt they actually look
the graphics are so much better there's
still not that great but they're a lot
better I decided you know I'm gonna keep
going through it I mean I at least go
through these seven days I'm starting to
like it I saw the preview the next
episode it looks pretty good starting to
look up I'm starting to get it more
excited about the series and good words
because you're just watching you're just
like oh oh plots so plot what are you
doing but then you're like trying to
like it we know I kind of love it
you
