motherfucker I'm awesome no you're not
dude don't lie I'm awesome drive around
in my mom's Drive awesome a quarter of
my life gone by and I met all my friends
online motherfucker
boss the sweat swagger up was crippled
Tuesday vlog today is a good day I'm
four days clean I'm just not even eating
six of caffeine I'm four day clean four
day clean of coffee I haven't drank any
coffee if you know me three of you you
know that I just drink way too much
coffee
but this time quitting coffee it's been
a lot less painful usually I get those
caffeine headaches my body is just like
yeah let's do it again quick coffee for
three weeks and you gonna drink coffee
again because gonna be like I forgot how
awesome coffee was but anyways
regardless of that I saw the most
awesome thing in the world this morning
I don't know if you saw that but that
Civic head spinners it's gonna be a good
day it's gonna be a very good day
whenever I make Civic jokes it's because
of that everyone with a Civic even if
the shittiest Civic in the world thinks
their Civic is like awesome just the
most awesome thing it's not it's not the
new civics our nice new civics are
fucking big and like classy I need a new
car I've banged my rx-8 up a lot plus
I'm a giant person and that's an old
rx-8 so it's all tiny they have to like
squeeze into my car I'm not like Shack
big in my car but it's a little it's a
little clown esque also thank you for
all the support yesterday it granted
there were a few trolls it like you
don't deserve it I'm like oh I'm so glad
you know me well enough to say I don't
deserve a good thing thank you I
appreciate that I don't go down your job
and scream in your face douche nicest
way I can say that without calling you
things I don't want to call you yeah so
what's new course a bunch of you know
that I've been working with my buddies
at SourceFed they're they're
transferring the domain so they so it's
down in case you're more of your
emailing me about being down I guess
news today would be after saying no to a
lot of things I'm gonna test out that
old TV thing possibly which is
interesting too new for me it's being a
smaller part of something bigger they're
only gonna be testing it and I think
like big cities like LA New York Atlanta
just to see if you know it works and so
I was like ah that's something that I
don't know anything about I'm gonna hand
that to someone else to figure out so if
you live in a big city my big fat face
might be annoying you on your tele so
that's interesting I've been I've just
kind of stayed away from TV for a while
just because it kind of scares me and I
don't know if my pauses work in the real
world because I mean I mean cuz because
my guys they're like Phil's taking a
breath cuts thing cuts which is what
they're supposed to do I hear Matty
laughing hey you want to hear the moans
not in a bad way but a homosexual thing
in the world I watch Water for Elephants
with Matt and then we laughed at all the
old people around us even though he
really should have been the one seeing
laughter anyway what else
and also it's day nine of Lindsay my
girlfriend being in Morocco which means
that I am so
will that just walking past a girl there
is a 80% chance she will be impregnated
I think it's at that point right now I
think by the end of the two weeks I
might explode is my whole body I've read
about that in science books that's true
but yeah just in general I'm feeling
good I'm feeling I'm feeling happy
everything's low and well and like real
Sinha that joke makes sense to three of
you that watch the PDS yesterday anyway
this is a random vlog anyway he's moving
on to Movie Club I'm so pumped that you
guys have been enjoying the the new
series that we're watching this week
which is Doctor Who that started in 2005
that series not the super old one and
you guys well you'll see your reviews at
the end of this video I'm pumped you're
into it and just if you are watching it
whether you're using netflix.com slash
really need to get your free month trial
of instant streaming movies you're
watching it that way or one of the many
other ways that you can watch it legally
online if you love the first season you
are gonna love the other season so much
so so much I cheated and I've been
watching way more but it's like the
equivalent of you know reading ahead in
your math class and then your teachers
like why are you solving the problem
like that we're not all not bitch I'm
answering the question correctly you're
literally saying bad film doing too well
dick move teachers dick move hey so I
was just wondering what your favorite
part of Doctor Who was so far because I
loved it since I was pretty little and
we're just wondering what you thought of
it and what your favorite part was right
that's a good question but I can't
answer it because if you're a part of
Movie Club right now and you're only on
like one of the first three episodes
though I've gotten a lot of messages
from you guys saying that your your
marathon and then like myself every time
I want to explain what what I did at
night it's like it sounds so depressing
it sounds like it's just like I went
home I laid in bed I had
some wine and I hugged my dogs God that
sounds that is that sounds depressing
shut up I'm not a loser you're a loser
you play you play what is it call trivia
now I know I'm gonna lose all my trivia
subscribers hey Phil here's the question
who is an asshole who just lost a
subscriber so Doctor Who so cheesy I'm
not entirely sure what to think of this
really I'm just kind of like I have no
idea how Phil is on the third season of
this show because honestly from the
moment I started watching it I was like
this is gonna be cheesy that's kind of
part of the charms that's cheesy
Oh dad knows it just me was it was it
just me or it was was it incredibly
cheeky but is that cheese factor it
embraces that stuff so fully that makes
it great freaking garbage can a that guy
that's okay it has that I think I'm
gonna like it I think I will like it I
just need to get used to it first I'm
shaking I am freezing fucking tits off
me it is a very good Tuesday or whatever
there is I guess that's it for today as
always I love your faces and I will see
you tomorrow
