motherfucker I'm awesome no you're not
dude don't I'm awesome drive around in
my mom's Drive awesome a quarter of my
life gone by and I met all my friends
online motherfucker
the swagger of a cripple people it's
Monday monday vlogging that much footage
from this weekend because I literally
laid in bed with my puppies and watched
to season three episode 6 of Doctor Who
and I literally started Doctor Who it's
26 hours anyway watch too much Doctor
Who we're starting that stay for movie
club so make sure you watch the first
episode of season 1 the the 2005 version
of Doctor Who not the old version if
you're using Netflix comm slash really
to you for your free month trial that's
the only one that's available for
instant streaming so with that being
said this morning I thought I'd just say
hey ask me some questions I usually do
that on my Twitter and my facebook links
in the description to those and so I
thought hey I'll make a video out of
that some of you have good questions
some of you were just well how did you
prayed out how big how paying us and you
know I don't answer this question so
let's jump into the questions which
start with Holly Warren v says what is
it about making videos that you love so
much it is the fucking conversation that
we get to have on and on a daily basis
and no one can tell me what I can or
cannot say and it's all controlled by
the people and that's that's my favorite
thing about it is just the fact that if
I was on network TV or if I was working
for someone else they would have to be
like no you can't say that or maybe they
could spin the bias I get to have a
conversation talking about what I think
and then people need to go yeah I think
that too or they're like no I think this
and then you know I get to constantly
change my opinions on things or my
rather my opinions evolve based on
usually and tell intelligent
conversation that's kind of what also I
love being my own boss I always had the
thing where I hated working for other
people so it finally just feels good how
much does it cost to be you that's an
interesting question I'm going to take
that is how much money does it cost to
do this we don't usually talk about how
much money we make because it's a weird
thing you know a lot of people still
don't get it here the businesses we have
on this block cost about twenty five
thousand dollars a month to run that's
just because we want to stay competitive
with the people we hire people get
benefits
you know 401k health insurance stuff
like that I kind of didn't want to
answer the question because I know
that's gonna be the main thing people
are leaving comments about is did you
beat portal 2 yet yes motherfrakker of
course I beat portal 2 I played it all
the way through the single-player the
first day I got it and then it went
straight to the multiplayer and then
finished at the the next day after the
philip defranco show portal 2 is fucking
an amazing game if you didn't see me
talking about a link or annotation or
something where do you see yourself in
10 years on a step-by-step basis I'm not
gonna go step by step but at some point
I will most likely if you look like you
might have a daughter
maybe in the next 10 years she'll be
legal I'll have sex with your daughter
sorry Lindsay it's just gonna happen and
of course we run the internet we run the
internet yeah no that's not gonna happen
I don't know 10 years is so far down the
line I maybe I'll build myself by then
what that's weird when will we see more
DeFranco gear um well DeFranco gear I
don't know about like the shirts and
stuff
the shirts booty shorts all that stuff
that we we have been selling the big
thing we've been doing obviously right
now is a poster signed and unsigned
we're probably gonna start up some
stickers if you can put on your laptop
maybe something not this one this one
isn't my logo or slogan or anything but
just stuff you can put on your laptop
show some laptop love but uh yeah right
now we're kind of just focusing on
different things that have been closed
you can get away with a lot more on a
sticker or on a poster that you have in
your room and on a shirt that you're
gonna go you're gonna bring to school
and they're gonna make you turn inside
out that being said the monkey shirt
will probably come out relatively soon
ish like two months yeah are you excited
like I am about the Royal wouldn't know
it no no I don't care about the Royal
Wedding I mean oh good props to you for
being a fan of that I just I don't care
at all what was your decision that you
had to make that was your biggest sense
becoming a YouTube partner um probably
deciding to leave the station and go out
on my own I still feel bad about
everything went down always wish those
guys the best but that was probably the
biggest because I went from that to like
getting this place and hiring people and
it was really scary it was super scary
lots of room to fail just like lots of
room to fail bill will you include
Spanish subtitles in your videos if you
are a college student or someone with
nothing to do and you want to make
Spanish subtitles for my videos I will
100% take right now we have someone that
does
the English subtitles just for those
that are hard of hearing yeah I think
that would be very very very berry berry
very cool I heard a while ago you had
lost your motivation to make YouTube
videos and we're about to quit what made
you change your mind well I've wanted to
quit several times in the past just
because either like something fucking
crazy was happening in my life I didn't
know if I wanted to keep doing this you
know there were there were offers to go
elsewhere and then you know I just I
just freaked out I honestly I've burnt
out people burn out when they do the
same thing over and over and over and at
some point I honestly I feel like oh
this doesn't fucking what I'm doing
doesn't matter and then usually what
brings me back is it like it's the
overwhelming love that you guys said
granted there's a troll in there there
are a lot of trolls out there not it
usually in the different Co nation
people that just subscribe to hate but
yeah I mean at the end of the day what
always brings me back is you guys this
is what I know this what I love
hopefully in some way shape or form this
will continue until it doesn't who is
your favorite small youtuber well
actually we're gonna that'll be my last
question today and actually it's funny
that you say that because my favorite
youtubers it's not really huge had a
huge video way back in the day I think
he's wanting to post consistently now is
Watsky
if you follow me on twitter and facebook
i pimped out his video way way back and
it blew up not for me was just because
it was a fucking incredible video so I
just wanted to start doing this thing
where we feature highlight I'm an
individual talk to them but it's not
specifically like about me or whoever's
interviewing them it's about them so we
did like a five minute video with them
there's an article on SourceFed which is
of course one of the sites that I work
on now definitely make sure to check
that out it's not always gonna be
smaller youtubers now he's gonna be big
youtubers just something that we're
playing around with and will most likely
continue because I am NOT the main
person behind it as you guys know I get
very overwhelmed very easily but guys I
hope you enjoyed the questions if you
want to ask me a question you can either
leave them down in the comments below or
what I would actually prefer is you guys
make and send in a video response to
this video asking me said question maybe
we'll make this thing I'm not promising
anything because I don't want to
disappoint you yeah that's all for this
this monday vlog my name is philip
defranco I love your face and I will see
you tomorrow
