motherfucker I'm awesome no you're not
dude don't love awesome drive around in
my mom's dry i'm also a quarter of my
life gone by and i met all my friends
online motherfucker I'm awesome the
sweat sweat swagger of a cripple no
internet it is high day and today's very
special day because I am actually well
rested but it's kind of a mixed bag so
yesterday I am I went home it literally
just laid in bed like six hours and then
I went to sleep it was like the first
time I've been home before like 7pm in
weeks as if you know me i wake up at six
in the morning leave here at six at
night and that's not complaining i love
this but you know it does lead to me
being tired especially if i want to do
anything else in my life but yesterday i
was laying in bed and I saw a trailer
for this movie and it's either gonna be
good where's gonna be a terrible fucking
movie like it might just try too hard to
be artsy but it's like it's either
called another world or 2nd earth or
another earth or something like that and
essentially it's this trailer about how
this second earth appears and when they
try and contact if they realize it's
like a replica of our plant and even all
the people exist there too so it's I
imagine it's like the same times poof
everything double and in the trailer ask
this weird question there's another you
now you begin to wonder Sammy make the
same mistakes I made
and is that me better than that's way
there is another me out there have they
made the same decisions I've made have
they made the same mistakes how are they
better are they worse it would be
essentially like if everyone had an
identical twin because if you have an
identical twin and you're like the fat
one that must suck because you know oh
that's what I would look like if I
wasn't such a lazy schmuck we're like
one that studies harder or just an
attendant and net and that made me think
about choices we've talked about choices
a lot in the past but it did make me
think like the small things all the
small things it jumps back to the whole
butterfly effect that there are so many
small decisions i've made that have
ended up having huge impacts some
people's lives would be much much worse
some people's lives may have been better
but i never think things like oh I
wouldn't have been hurt if I didn't meet
that one girl that one time I would I
wouldn't have wasted time I mean I think
those are bad thoughts and there was
something i said yesterday that that
apparently bring home to a lot of you
and it was don't live for today because
you then you just be fucking crazy live
your life like it's a story that you
would want to tell someone i think back
to some of the things that sucks is
obviously not changeable bit more
importantly i shouldn't want to change
it because the story's not good without
a few twists stories not good without
drama story is not good without heart a
and it is often the complexities in life
that make it so awesome it is these sick
days that make our lives so amazing
because no matter where you are in your
life whatever is happening there's only
been one moment that you were at the
bottom of that mountain you've seen the
bad you've seen rock bottom and you know
that today is better than another day
they not be better than yesterday you
don't know what's coming tomorrow it's
gotta roll with and after saying all
that I think that's why I love movies
and games so much it's because it makes
me think it makes me feel I mean I got I
mean I felt all that from a two minute
trailer that's one of the reasons that I
love obviously movie TV club it's a
group of people watching something
feeling something and then talking about
it together also it doesn't hurt that we
get support to be a you guys using
netflix calm / philly d feel good today
though I know this isn't one of the
blogs where I'm running around doing
stuff but if anything I hope that it at
least helps one or two of because I know
talking it out really helps me but if we
can take a happy turn there is another
day of movie close today you guys
watched act of contrition you video
responses will be at the end of this
video and ultimately with battlestar
you new guys go to the movie club page
which I've actually linked in the
description below let me know what you
think of it so far let me know if you're
gonna continue it and also next week is
coming up which means we are going to be
switching series because what i want to
do is introduce series to you andrew
myself which is why this upcoming week
we will be watching Doctor Who and don't
worry it's the newer ones but guys
that's all for today's vlog I have to go
shoot out show you a few things here
then ultimately as always I love your
faces and I will see you tomorrow I just
got done watching act of contrition
episode of Battlestar Galactica and it
was fabulous this episode was
unbelievably good I'm very beginning it
was awesome cuz you had like this a
great celebration and you were like
something is gonna go wrong because
something always goes wrong in the show
cuz like they're in space things always
go wrong in space so as much as I love
the house I galactic that you have to
admit the moment something you know
happy night whatever happened they're
going to find a way to fuck about a
bunch of pilots were accidentally killed
so they needed to train more and
Starbuck is pretty much the only person
for the job star Bell she's the flight
instructor I think I liked her less
after this episode because just of the
way she yelled at her students like I
get it she was personally involved but
still that just reminded me of all
looking bad teachers I've had and that
made me have some pretty bad flashbacks
of my own normal a holy shit opals you
could my boy I stop ass I lost Nick just
for fun home there's no way I can do
anything to express my love for katee
sackhoff in this video no even though I
really was disliking Starbuck she got
some brownie points for me cuz she
called that guy hot dog hot dog not the
best name for that guy seriously all
star Galactica I'm already like binge
watching you I've watched like eight if
you're in a row and then you make it to
be continued episode says fucking to be
continued to be continued now I'm not
gonna deal with that I'm friggin not
gonna deal with that and I was like no
why why I'm so pissed I just want to
watch more of course I'm gonna watch the
next one are you serious
you
you
