motherfucker I'm awesome no you're not
dude don't love awesome i'm driving
around in my mom's rhyme awesome a
quarter of my life gone by and i met all
my friends online motherfucker I'm
awesome the sweats what swag Oh
Internet's Thursday today I feel like
ass and I blame you actually internet
because uh last night i was i was
feeling kind of down i put up a tweet I
was like hey feeling that Wednesday
should I rally and go with karaoke or
should I go into bed watch modern family
and pass out and it was kind of a split
decision but then I saw one specific
tweet that said when offered an
opportunity for a new experience or
routine you always take new experience
philip defranco and I was like that so
deep I have to go rally and karaoke
because my life could change forever and
so the easiest way to wake up I
literally just flung myself into my pool
god I took a shower and then I was like
let's do this thing and I went out
karaoke I haven't gone to karaoke since
I was 13 yeah when I was 13 and for some
reason I was like hey my entire family
is here wasted why don't I sing a song
I've never even heard before so I was 13
and I sang the songs dreamweaver so I
sang off-key it was a terrible song but
then the thing that scarred me with life
or I guess till 25 was I was walking off
the stage I tripped over the wires and I
fell off the stage in front of a group
of people and luckily it was it was
before there was a fail blog but if
there had been a fail blog I would have
been there ah so embarrassing I don't
know I know you'll be like no where's
the footage of you singing off-key I
didn't I didn't go up and sing last
night Oh a big fail file your Philip
DeFranco that's such a big fail i spelt
it with a pH in your honor has made that
up I'm a genius and the voice of a
generation no calm down Kanye I am i
rambling because I'm tired and hungover
so I went there I didn't know what to
expect but I went with Kevin we've seen
in the past few videos Bobby a few other
guys and oddly enough Joe Bereta was
there from brats and beretta just give
you a little back story into who I'm
talking about Bobby and Kevin are wicked
awesome films they've done youtube
videos like punchy and the leprechaun
thing Oh Phil I'm so glad you know the
title of all our videos yes no problem
voice in my head of Kevin he's not
screaming oddly enough i suck way versus
you my favorite part of the night though
easily Kevin sing the song of all songs
Oh God Rebecca Black's Friday which
apparently the karaoke version is five
minutes cuz you're into it for three
minutes and then it's just like it
morphs into the why won't this and let's
do this
yeah yeah
you heard a voice from its the pop haha
notes really i ended up staying out so
like three or four not not there I
actually left there like 130 but then I
chilled over kevins house made sure that
I was I was okay to drive and then I
finally left but ultimately it was a
good night and it was something that I
would have missed out on were just a
night in bed with my dogs which there's
nothing wrong with that but at the end
of the day you know if I think about it
I am 25 which medically speaking that
means I'm either half the way through my
life one-third the way through my life
or a quarter way through my life if
technology keeps increasing that is all
of course if I don't get shot at by
train or explode erated and you gotta
enjoy yourself whenever you can don't
live like there's no tomorrow that's
stupid but live your life like it's a
story that you would want to tell
someone else a little fun a little
exciting a little sexy and always
off-key next time though I promise you
internet I will record myself singing
whatever song is left in the comments
and has the most thumbs up I will sing
that song somewhere in the next month
but guys that's not all that mattered to
me today because of course we have
another day of movie club thanks to
those of you that ended up hanging out
on SourceFed was commenting back and
forth with a few of you guys about if
the current series we're watching which
is Battlestar Galactica last night you
watched bastille day and so the videos
of your opinion / review of that episode
will be at the end but of course
remember tonight if you have not already
cheated and started just going on BSG
marathons which is ok it happens i think
it might actually be the number one
cause of sleep deprivation in America
who ought to watch act of contrition but
guys I'm going to lay my head down on
the ground
because then maybe able to stop hurting
and as always I love your faces and i'll
see you tomorrow oh my god why'd you go
is that is that was at a hugger that
Jesus haha why not are you hugging Jesus
what marks coming in for me to side of
the posters yay posters too so shiny
what if I put my hand it's greasy it
maybe that's how I'll save my wrist I'll
just get my hand and paint and go ah oh
yes cool yeah much money do they always
have the best ideas there's Jeremiah or
you thump I'm over I'm over you cum OB
oh wait just really fast I want to do
this because i keep saying in the
comments and and he sees the praise but
James is editing these videos I know
head out and he has a broken headphones
really do you do not want more like
better headphones or I do but you know
what it's just too much time because we
headed so much that I have no time it's
like it's like a Korean sweatshop in
here just Philip DeFranco videos like
fucking I got back a lark but James
James been the one doing everything
because I saw a lot of people they were
like Maddie Matt does the the PDS is and
the fail friday which he's like oh jus
does somebody gave me props on the
editing it makes just one buddy now just
want to let you know that you're being
under appreciated just just thought I'd
bring that in there okay we'll go back
to what you do it get me props it's time
to sign ha got done watching up to
Episode five right now like just watch
everything one of a one after another
after another she went mike tyson on
this dude like and it's like it's go
let's go more obstacle hostages evil
Cylons and trying to overthrow political
systems did I mention evil salons star
galactica continues to kick ass I got to
say I was a little bit disappointed in
the way the whole episode played out
right you have Azura's whole reedham
fighter who's a badass and everybody
knows his name and he stands on
principle that the end he was just kind
of like a little bit she was crying in
the cat tattoo gun his face
they're the chicks are so hot especially
the red dress in gospel chip implanted
in the professor's brain storyline of
the show is getting deeper into I am
getting so into it um usually I'd be
annoyed by this but I septus it was just
really well shot I didn't really roll my
eyes at all at this episode because I
usually do is this TV series take place
in the future or does it take place like
in an alternate reality I've been
thinking about it for a long time I
don't know which one it is ah stop stop
it son stop what is what is the one what
is what is coming it is so my eyes oh my
god not at seven o'clock i watch
battlestar galactica I wonder if filled
annihilate humanity for 30 minutes in a
bathtub pepto bismal with the asian
chick we already have a car guys
perspective on that I'm really glad that
this one was just as good as the last
runner in my life that I think I'd be
going on a star galactica binge freedom
but I really didn't like this episode by
the way Adama so hot love him so
basically we have same holes some of you
doing other Cylons we look identical to
humans now combine that with flashbacks
some of which may contain the original
human the models based on you could have
several versions mixes holding our way
different pain name yeah it's a cluster
fry you just can't handle this which
brings me to the conclusion of I can't
wait for the next episode
you
games
popular
