ah yes do we have the portal Tunis and
it is time to play I am so excited about
this game yeah yes
hello it's wednesday april 20 if there
is almost no footage of my day because
my day consisted entirely of sitting on
a couch playing portal 2 and just be in
that guy back so many people have been
playing portal 2 masses have gotten
cancelled people are getting fired
because they're calling into work
luckily it was Tuesday I didn't have to
worry about really doing anything and so
I played games I stopped playing game
then Matt played games with me and I was
it so today is essentially kind of the
store review of portal 2 so with that in
mind portal 2 is an amazing game I
played the the original portal because I
bought orange box for the xbox 360 and I
was like oh what's this minigame thing
and I originally thought like oh it's a
minigame you know I thought you were
gonna die in the end of portal and then
you're like oh my god this is amazing
i'm making an escape and so I was a huge
fan of the first one so when I heard
about portal 2 I was like yes please
more I want more so playing it yesterday
a few things it is a much longer game
which is actually a very good thing
because it doesn't ever rag on and
that's thanks to the introduction of
white orange and blue gels the white
kind of the most dynamic gel because it
allows you to turn services into ones
you can shoot portals on the blue making
you bounce higher and the orange one
making it so you can run faster now
what's really cool is all of these are
really fun by themselves but as you get
further and further in the game mixing
these new game mechanics with old game
mechanics is some of the puzzles are so
hard and if you don't know Hordle is a
very interesting game because it is a
first-person puzzler in fact you never
actually shoot a weapon you're just
shooting two portals the entire game and
transporting yourself between portals
and I have to say this is easily one of
the most satisfying game I've played in
the past year maybe even longer there's
just something about either knocking out
a puzzle in 30 seconds anybody was like
oh that took me 20 minutes oh we're not
doing a puzzle the right way and kind of
just hacking the level with portals and
your ass I gimped through this level so
awesome game mechanics awesome gameplay
awesome story and the story is even
better because it has some of the best
voice acting of
game other than mass effect 2 when you
play male Shepherd be the voice acting
is superb and you have Ellen McLain
coming back as the voice of GLaDOS this
next test does require some explanation
let me give you the fast version and
entities out there if you have any
questions just remember what I said in
slow motion and they introduce the
former CEO Cave Johnson voiced by JK
Simmons and you gotta love that because
whenever JK Simmons voices anything his
voice gets stuck in your head easily the
most standout person in this game is
Stephen Merchant Stephen Merchant makes
this game ah Oh God they told me if I
ever turned this flashlight all I would
die they told me that about everything
but I don't even know why they bother
give me this stuff if they want me to
use it is pointing she's not gonna say
who he is because I don't want to ruin
the story for you but he's introduced
into the game and you may recognize
Stephen Merchant I believe from the
office in the UK or where I first heard
him and that was the Ricky Gervais
podcast so dialogues great and so the
single player is only part of it single
player is a fantastic experience by
itself but then after that and I wasted
another five hours playing the coop and
the coop is is amazing because it is the
kind of co-op that you actually have to
communicate with your partner you have
to time some things set up some things
and it's made a lot easier with a point
function actually co-op would almost be
impossible without the point features
otherwise you're like put it on the wall
what the fuck important put the portal
on the goddamn well oh my god so it's
heavy on communication but it is one of
those things that when you actually like
rock out a really hard puzzle your looks
like jossis bum so ultimately final
review of this it is not just high oral
too is easily the best game out this
year so far and keep in mind i say that
as a non-official reviewer and as a huge
fan of the original oh i have video
games i'm addicted because of course it
wasn't all video games today we move on
to movie club which last night you were
supposed to watch up to the episode
called water for battlestar galactica
series we're watching this week I love
seeing your guys's video responses for
movie clubs like oh but I can't trust
him it's awesome I am glad so many of
you guys are enjoying it horse night
make sure you watch the next episode
after you done send any video responses
to this video and also big note
yesterday I did not set up the what you
would call it the movie club page we
talk about the episode that we watched
that day doing that today link is in the
description this time that was my bad
yesterday of course one of the easiest
ways to be a part of Movie Club is to
use the URL of our partner netflix.com
slash Billy do you use that code you get
a free month trial of netflix free
streaming movies including all seasons
of Battlestar Galactica and a lot of
other series that we're going to
introduce to you later in the month guys
I'm gonna leave you chewing the film out
the philip defranco show which you
should check out after this video and as
always I love your face and I'll see you
tomorrow and whoever realize that house
the miniseries beforehand so thanks to
now I know is we're just so awesome I
want to watch more of them but I want to
sleep I thank you for showing me this
and I hate you for showing me this
because I'm slipped but thicken so the
plot thickens I'm so wrapped up into
this right now like I love this show
this whole time it's been keeping me on
edge I'm still satisfied with it it's
just getting better i really like
everything about it it's actually got an
amazing i didn't expect like it as much
this episode was not as boring as
miniseries part 1 do they keep saying
Frick is that some kind of future inside
joke that I don't know about I just find
it really weird that they say the hell
that's fracking awesome like you can't
describe it any other way fracking
awesome you watch the first episode in
your daughter next episode by episode
after that when you go through four
seasons without getting off your caps
turn up all night watching this
episode's Jesus like four hours worth of
movies I'm so hungry now I'll shut
hungry that one chick you know which one
you know I'm talking about oh my god
that a second thought i would i would
end all of humanity just have a night
with that not even a night I would
settle for like half an hour and a
bathtub full tough to bhisma i will
continue after I sovsem so best episode
so far if you're not too into it I do
recommend watching this episode pretty
good it is pretty much my favorite TV
show of all time
