what the hell are we doing now Phil we
are gonna be going and watching through
hook up this will be my first time ever
watching it all the way through not
excited but you haven't seen your award
Emmy award-winning acting performances
Golden Boy drink one of these margaritas
to ease the pain and I just I don't
drink anymore so I'm just like how about
this after you get through you have to
reenact we have to reenact one scene I'm
killing myself we do one tanning like we
have beautiful ladies here we have the
stud himself that locks in the lady so
what will this recreate a scene you be
ready I'll be I'll be KevJumba okay so
yeah we'll make it happen
all right good luck everybody thanks Joe
I feel like you're going into like a VR
experience are you ready let's do it oh
fuck
this was shot out in four days and
that's four days your life like you're
never gonna get back yes four days of
like legitimate like this was HBO labs
also fun fact everything that I wear is
about a size or two too small valid
point
what's the freaking reading man forgot
my poli-sci word again blowjobs come on
teach I need this man what if I bring
chicks holy God
it does feel production value to
everything I'm watching like I'm
assuming a fuck seen what happened born
here and freshman shit Jessica Rose's
titty by the end of this like he's not
gonna try and poach some freshmen ass oh
my god that came out of your mouth the
tramp stamp girl does not help Jesus
false advertising oh my god what do you
got fucked over by a girl with the
furthest I've ever cuz the origin of a
Philip defranco's bitches be bitches be
written no yeah she's like I have to
kiss the penis on my face guys hey kiddo
are we in a relationship hey kiddo
Wow
it's getting better
actual film
it's amazing how successful these people
cliches almost make my head explode
Michael found is a match color
temperature driving way is so blue blue
was supposed to be nighttime a reserve
the right to what was the pitch to this
yeah you paid for this in there like you
know I got this idea for the series
called got one occasion it's a room
deserve to get paid the most at the time
it did you lose from Jessica rose egg
she was the only girl I remember what's
wrong I hate how it's every are we
setting up season two it's so close to
being done
whoa my god porn
why is she gonna take her clothes on for
what this is so shot really you and
those tiny jean shorts what oh what the
oh man those referrals
well season to you is called hooked
that'd be like that like episode from
Saved by the Bell would they get married
and shit and I guess what we do the
spin-off where for some reason there is
a beach season except I become a
lifeguard
okay one comes together because the
teach died that's what I write the
scripts the students I love you faces I
hope you have a great one and if you
have a shitty one it's probably Joseph
oh come to Cleveland I'm star
