so I wanted to do something really cool
with the studio and put up pictures of
all the people that he's ever slept with
yep
and so as you can see that's pretty cool
hello nation and future Philip DeFranco
it is Tuesday April 19th 2011 and as you
can tell the Facebook fan wall is uh is
taking form we still fun way to go but
yeah let's jump into things yeah today
was a pretty chill day you know I I
filmed out the pds and Bale Friday and
it was a little different today though
because I had I had someone in the room
at the same time shooting b-roll which
was it's weird because I usually do my
show by myself unique New York unique no
can't even say it the Human Torch was
denied a bank loan come on lemon face ah
lion face who first look at you you're
like an Asian tourists just like
superfast on that thing that's crazy
upending which is actually a name
invited Kevin over cuz I was like hey
come over a place in Portal 2 everyone's
gonna be editing and I wanna I'm gonna
cap some footage and you know just have
some fun with portal 2 maybe we posted
on LTA maybe we don't snot that big of a
deal and it was my fault because I
didn't realize that portal 2 wasn't
coming out for the Xbox Monday that it
was only available on like Steam so we
ended up playing a new game that I've
fallen in love with which is the
dishwasher and Deedee's King awesome
like the single player is a lot more to
it but the co-op is awesome and I was
like why do I have this guitar and good
but honestly if you have like xbox
points this isn't a sponsorship just
fucking fun games just like the coolest
bloodiest like it's kind of a button
masher but not really because you
actually have to a combo things
correctly so to survive
also I think these several hundreds of
you that sent in your sexy faces
yesterday so much sexy and the cool
thing yesterday as you can possibly tell
by my I'm wearing this Jersey because I
don't want to get stabbed in this I went
to a Dodgers game yesterday and you know
I don't go to a lot of Dodgers games
usually the only time we go sporting
events is because I get hooked up from
people that we work in the industry do
she and it was it was a cool game I know
Lindsay's probably pissed off maybe not
Lindsay's in Paris right now but she's a
huge Braves fan and the game we went to
was Dodger brave spoiler alert Dodgers
won so because of my fake bandwagon hey
fandom I got to cheer with the crowd
even though part of me like when when a
Braves player that I actually like like
B Mac went up and he hit good I was like
yo and then people would look at me
they're like you wearing Dodger blue
what is he's gonna be shit do it know
what's you ho how is ten East open yes
no everyone's killing themselves right
now so we're going to Dodgers Braves
game and I don't know I'm not how do I I
love I love the Dodgers I love the
Braves when it comes down to it I'm a
Yankees fan Villa do you have some
Dodger love or no
right now I just because I'm afraid for
my life yes I don't want to get beat
within an inch just the food really
what's your favorite part about baseball
is such a generic question
it's not gonna be exciting in this shit
you like peanuts
it's a part of baseballs peanuts
James never let you vote
you are I'm a fan of sports like if you
asked like are you a baseball sometimes
I mean Yankees fan the Yankees game is
on I will watch it I know everything I
need to know I'm a big football fan but
my favorite sport and I don't know if
you guys are different my favorites
worth watching person he's hockey hockey
is amazing like it is like just the
energy of a good hockey crowd is it's
phenomenal and depending on if your
team's good or not if you can get close
to the glass amazing but one of the best
things about hockey is there's really
not a bad seat like I've been bucking
against the glass and I've been just
completely like farthest away you can be
from the rink and it both have been
amazing so if you can ever treat
yourself to a game and you have not yet
part of me kind of wants to go to Canada
to see what the energy is like there but
I might get stabbed I might but they've
apologized afterwards oh this is a bad
accent I am so sorry this is I am not
even from Canada but I stab you I don't
know where I'm from I'm from the future
well everyone talks like this isn't this
annoying oh my god yeah anyways I'm
rambling I am gonna get portal 2 today
which I'm excited about I'm gonna play
that and now that Lindsay isn't here I
get to be a lot lazier when the Lindsay
will go away
Billy Dee will play lots of videogames
and eat himself into a stupor that last
part in Ronda it's true of course as I
leave you remember movie TV Club we are
still watching Battlestar Galactica this
week there was apparently some confusion
because a lot of people just jump
straight into the pilot episode and
completely skip the miniseries which you
were supposed to watch the first part of
the miniseries so tonight get to the
second episode and after you finish it
send in your opinion slash video
response of that episode I'm gonna start
making posts on SourceFed so people that
actually are a part of this can comment
and reply to each other but yeah I'm
gonna head off and also thanks to those
of you that support the vlog and movie
club by signing up to netflix.com slash
really see you got a free month trial
doesn't cost you anything that helps
support to the vlog anyways that's all
for today I love your face and I will
see you tomorrow
so that'll star Galactica coming from a
die-hard Firefly fan and also star gay
this was pretty awesome
this was pretty awesome oh my god was a
show called Battlestar Galactica there
was a lot less battle starring and
considerably more boning than it would
this is freaking awesome and epic at the
same time anyone who's interested in
drama action romance adventure political
drama military movies I guarantee you
will love Battlestar Galactica some of
the fight scenes of the ship so they
reminded me so much of that like arcade
game what's a Gallagher I hooked I want
to go watch the next episodes right now
but it's it's it's 2:00 in the morning
and I have classes at 3:30 tomorrow I'm
probably gonna want to cut more episodes
of this
