three-two-one oh no I looked painful
welcome it's Monday April 18th 2011 this
is my personal journal something that I
make for for you guys but even even more
so me in the future today it was an
interesting day just because you know
we're bringing back the blog me which
had formerly been movie club for about
30 days which you guys have enjoyed more
on that later today starts a very weird
time in my life because yesterday
Lindsay left Lindsay of course is my
girlfriends of three years I haven't
been apart from her for more than like
nine days in all three years so she's
gone for three weeks she's going to to
Paris and then she's going to Morocco
she's gonna teach little kids English
which is like the most random thing in
the world that's so awesome I'm so glad
she's doing something like that and of
course one of the big things today is
it's tax day and I hate it because this
is I just wrote the biggest cheques I've
ever written in my entire life and
that's not that's not a humble brag or
anything it's just like I look at my
bank account and I am doing this like I
like to think okay maybe I kind of sort
of paid shoot a Tomahawk missile at
Libya that's my contribution because
it's definitely not going to the roads
whenever you're like I hate taxes we
were like yeah what about the roads what
about what about the right have you ever
driven on Ventura or I guess the
equivalents to the East Coast it would
be like what I 5 and Florida is it I
think it's high five oh my god like
let's do the shitty roads
oh so shitty so I'm a little uh cuz a
tax day I hate I hate it's axes like I
said a big thing yesterday was Lindsay
left but another big thing that happened
was the fact that the temperature is
finally good enough to go swimming so I
was like I have a pool for the first
time in my life let's invite some people
over and jump into said pool oh my god
my age should be right now this he
should probably spend from the other
last rotate to the right to make full
360-degree turn or because he weighs a
hundred pounds these are possibly do a
720 are you hear this he's giving you
pearls come on to jump off the ends get
some air you know having a brodeo
yeah that's the douchiest thing you
could possibly call that and another
cool thing was we have we got our hands
on Gears of War 3 beta the multiplayer
and I gotta say I have never sucked at a
game like I suck at Gears of War beta or
Gears of War 3 beta but uh like black
ops unless you're unless you're pro with
your pro kit I can usually hold my own
super super well maybe even bordering on
skull-fucking your mother about that
skill love it sometimes but Gears War 3
oh so uh right now we're playing some
Gears of War 3 not really we're gonna
have that well because I suck at this
game and so it's a bad day when Matt's
they have a good one yeah especially
yeah now that you have booze you're
gonna be amazing
wait for it and Kevin still not down
that's got a crazy he's not he's not
active reloading but you know he's he's
fucking that box up hardcore oh ho
just tell him hey hey spray great we
have to put your hands up like this they
have to go yeah
pray a spray prays there's a puppy
heaven the last thing I wanted clothes
on today are two things one thank you to
those of you that made the scariest face
in the world with me yesterday
today I want to see the sexiest face in
the world you can see mine and then post
yours down below they up while I'm
putting a link there and the second is
Phil what are we doing about the Movie
Club well like I said last time I want
to kind of do something TV slash movie
and that's why for those of you that
still have the three-month of netflix
viet netflix.com slash shrilly d-- and
people that don't have it and can still
use that code you get a free month of
netflix because what we're gonna do is
at the end of these vlog videos i'm
still going to include your reviews
we're switching it up a little because
we are going to star watching series
because i think the whole point of movie
club isn't just to talk about stuff we
like which i definitely think it is but
it is to introduce people to new things
that they wouldn't have launched anyway
so this week we're going to watch the
first seven episodes of Battlestar
Galactica I have no problem re watching
the series so tonight what I want you to
do watch part 1 of the Battlestar
Galactica miniseries it's what leads
into the series and it helps out and
after you watch it if it's new to you
send in your first impressions or
otherwise you are opinions slash review
of that episode if you've already seen
the series re-watch it you know it's
worth it don't give any spoilers in your
review now one of the awesome things of
course is that if you are in the United
States use netflix.com slash really D
you get a free month trial get your
friends involved use the code it helps
us out let's just fun it's just fun and
a great way for me to include you guys
in my video and chat so guys that's
really it for now I got to film out some
stuff doing some other fun stuff today
the bullet it's a good things you'll see
you tomorrow we're back to the business
so I guess till then I love your faces
and I'll see you tomorrow
