oh hello I didn't see you there that was
a lie totally saw you there welcome to
the defranco nation movie club it is day
30 the final day did you just miss all
30 days this is literally the first
video you watch you saw it's a person
guy if you are unfamiliar for the past
30 days we've been watching a new movie
every day some of you have actually been
doing it alone with me some of you have
been cheating watching them before the
next day which is fine I cheated every
now and then course one of the many ways
people have been watching the movies
along with us there's tons of online
services I know in the UK a lot of you
guys use I love film calm over here in
the states i definitely recommend to use
netflix.com slash free lady if you use
that URL you get a free him on the trial
and it helps us here at the show but
blah Blee blah blah today we're gonna
finish the movie club up with shutter
island which is a movie described as
world war two soldier turned US Marshal
Teddy Daniels investigates the
disappearance of a patient from a
hospital for the criminally insane but
his efforts are compromised by his own
trembling visions and by dr. Cowley
directed by Martin Scorsese so I am
actually very excited about this because
I did read the book I'm not a person
that reads lots of books but I am
actually a little nervous because you
know you read the book sometimes you
don't Joey the movie as month you know
cuz they change stuff unless you're
making the movie watchmen in which case
you literally just copy everything set
the ending you change up a little but I
am gonna go watch this movie you're
gonna watch 15 second trailer and we're
gonna talk about so this prison escapes
in the last 24 hours we don't know how
she got out of a room this is if she
evaporated straight through the walls
to shutter island it is a very
interesting movie and my general feeling
of it is you know a kind of like I guess
the twists and turns were kind of wasted
on me because I did read the book I know
it was gonna happen I understood a lot
of the plays and angles I imagine even
if I didn't read the book the twist
weren't hidden super well guess it kind
of depends on how how often you go to
the movies so what I would say is acting
is awesome I mean honestly you never
know if the movies gonna be good because
Ben Kingsley's in it and Ben Kingsley
must have a lot of mortgages because
he's in like every three movies at a
release it shot rather well except when
other shots on the water which if you're
like not streaming it on a like 320 x
240 s tiny box the green screen looks
terrible but once again that's just me
being a snub so my ultimate
recommendation is if you have not read
the book watch this movie I feel like if
you have read the book and you see it
too then you'll just feel like okay now
i will always imagine the main character
as Leo DiCaprio that's about it I mean I
imagine there are moments where I like
your look I wonder what's gonna happen
ultimately yeah but nation more
importantly what did you think about the
movie basically this movie is a woof aah
this movie is awesome I gave it a 10 out
of 10 you guys have to check it out
we're mind and Leonardo DiCaprio get
like really hard total my fast shutter
island is that tastic I tastic would be
only mind right this movie is amazing
it's just a really good movie I thought
it was really well directed visually it
was really good the acting in this movie
was wonderful are you eating or drinking
anything they gave you know creepy music
that they had whenever something like
suspenseful is happening it added so
much of the drama and suspense mystery
creepiness it's kind of creepy movie
actually like some of the people in it
are just scary and honestly interested
surgeries in the brain freak me the fuck
out I were so scared that woman in a
Cell suddenly going on like oh yeah what
the hell's going on what kind of did
spoil things for me is when this first
came out everyone was like ranting and
raving look oh you'll never guess the
ending there such a twist you'll never
guess the end when someone tells you
before you watch this movie you'll never
guess the ending you automatically once
you're watching it just guess the ending
DiCaprio I used to be in love with him
like during Titanic but now I just
getting old I don't know why the thing
doesn't have an Oscar or every award
ever because wow he blows my mind every
single time I always enjoyed the United
cafe think he's one of the most
underappreciated actors in Hollywood
right now he should get an Academy Award
for something I think he's fantastic
like i said before i'm a natural blonde
and also blonde the brain so even after
twist ending and the ending of the movie
i had to have a few different people
explain to me what had just happened so
i could understand the twist it's a mind
rape it's a beautiful mind rates
enjoyable mind rape and i definitely
love this movie I think it's one of the
better movies done in 2010 that's it for
the defranco nation movie club that
review out of the way looks like my
contribution to the DeFranco movie
challenge are ending I really enjoyed
doing these I really enjoyed watching
these feelings have been really fun
really really awesome big thanks to You
Phil for actually like doing it in a way
getting me personally at least more
involved in the whole YouTube thing
going on a lot of fun and also i now
have encouragement to spend four hundred
dollars on a hobby so uh thanks though
thanks so much for listening to me
ramble i'm really excited to have been
part of this project so Phil if you ever
do a movie club again expect some more
reviews for me what are we gonna do
without freaking philly d movie club
many more shit buzzer aah aah hopefully
do this again in the future thank you
thank you thank thank you feel for using
one of my responses for your video
continue this this is fun and I love
watching you review movie and I love
being part of this nation of yours it
hopefully this is not the last movie
that you review Phil DeFranco movie club
may be coming to an end and that is
pretty sad I'm not gonna cry though got
the crying out before I did the videos I
like this whole thing I get to watch
movies picked by the audience I get to
review those movies and I get to be
watched by other people which is just
crazy in my mind actually other people
want to actually watch me talk it's been
pretty awesome so if this is the end
thank you to fill thank you to the
audience just thank you to everybody and
so it is the last day of the DeFranco
movie
definitely a sad day for us all because
we're all gonna miss doing this I don't
miss making these video responses Phil
he said I was a favorite part was going
to the video responses of it I hope we
do something else like this Phil
DeFranco movie clubs awesome but guys it
is the end of the project 30 which begs
the question what is the next project
third does Movie Club become a thing
what would we do with our lives now that
it is forever change I us interacting on
a daily basis like this oh that's and
more will be answered on the next
episode of not really what I'd like to
do is to continue doing movie / TV club
but focus it less on me and more on you
because I am but one man with an opinion
that is equal to 1.75 man but you guys
have equal opinions because you're
friends with me Plus why your opinions
matter so much to me and so what I would
like to do well let you know monday
that's like the biggest tease I
apologize but I gotta think about it
it's a big decision it's a commitment I
don't know sorry I'm rambling blah guys
it has been a fun project 30 i am kind
of scared because of all the movie
watching i may have put on one fourth of
the weight that was previously lost
during the previous project third maybe
whatever we do next I'll just always do
it at the same time as being on a
treadmill but it's been fun I feel like
I know you guys on a personal level guy
in the backseat of his car or all that
kind of looks like mica kitty random
southern guy that always comes off
slightly racist I feel like the past 30
days have brought us together and I'll
cherish that until monday with your case
I'm gonna fucking go I love you guys
been a fun project 30 things and stuff
Netflix subscribe money clubs forever
changed backtraced you Philip DeFranco
love your face goodbye
