hello and welcome to day 29 of the
defranco nation movie club I think I
speak for everyone when I say car guy
get back in your car and also friend can
hold the camera that was rude I
apologize that was rude even though now
car guy he's smiling inside but be like
friend who I've known for 18 years fills
an asshole now when you're by yourself
go like yes that was random so today day
29 defranco nation movie club / bar
netflix.com slash for ladies it's almost
to an end and today we're gonna watch
the movie serenity a movie described as
digging up where his cult show firefly
left off writer director joss whedon
tale of galactic on rest follows Malcolm
Reynolds captain of the transport ship
serenity and a scrappy but loyal crew
when the ship picks up two fugitives
from the powerful coalition ruling the
universe mal and his mates find
themselves the center of a cosmic
conflict pursued by military forces and
space roaming savages so before we get
started let me let me tell you I never
followed the show firefly not that I
didn't like it I just never saw it
except for like part of the first
episode so to the weed nights out there
do not curse by me if I don't like this
movie I'm going to watch it you're gonna
watch a 15 second trailer we're gonna
come back and we're gonna we're gonna
talk about we're not gonna see this
comer let's be bad guys we're not alone
no more running
disk is gonna get pretty interesting to
find interesting oh god oh god we're all
gonna die
well back to serenity very very
interesting movie I love Nathan filio
Helion I mean I don't like watch his
show castle but I did really like him in
that other thing he did online with Neil
Patrick Harris you remember played
Captain Hammer come on sing along but no
you didn't see it you should available
online it's funny oh but back to the
movie serenity I actually I thoroughly
enjoyed it I mean I like the idea of
Western in space I mean essentially it
would follow that same sort of thing you
know new frontiers people trying to go
somewhere new start a fresh light
obviously with so much space between
everything would be hard to have a
stable government it would be uprisings
it's a good movie i mean the fight
sequences are awesome story in general
was cool and i imagine it gave it gave a
lot of people closure which if you are a
we'd night other than like you Buffy
guys you don't get a lot of closures all
house and I don't want to go into it cuz
I don't want to ruin the story for you I
would say that you will most likely
enjoy this movie if you do watch the
Firefly series first a cool thing for
you if you have joined us for the
netflix calm / led where you get your
free month trial a full series of
firefly is there you can watch the full
series then go to the movie enjoy it a
little more granted that is a huge time
sink like a full day but if you have no
friends I mean plans go for it
ultimately I say watch this movie if you
can like I said watch the series but
Movie Club what do you think this
landings going to be interesting define
interesting what the fuck is going on
just for nerds it's not nerds it's so
good wow this was a stupid ass movie
what the hell is a space western this
movies really really awesome I loved
every second of it the explosions in
this movie are really cool de acting in
this movie is really cool and also the
girls are really cool e hot river she
was fucking hot there was just something
about shakes who are badass and can kick
ass I loved it fuck i do it it's like if
you take Star Wars and Robin Hood and
Dawn of the Dead and mix it all together
you get this really really kick-ass
movie I'm side by door cousin love love
SIA it's got some the best actors and
actresses for opportunities everything
that just stab this movie and a face for
me was the acting oh my freaking God the
acting was terrible don't want to watch
this movie the stupid essay
in the war Eva's there were things there
was everyone and kaylee got with Simon
and it was awesome I was kind of bummed
that they never really wrap all the
mysteries from Firefly but they couldn't
really do that in like a what to our
movie retained your awesome Joss Whedon
also really loves that anything bad ass
females but that's all I'm gonna say
about any huge jaw sweet and then it's
really exciting to see him of all having
his directorial debut on a future like
film and now he's going to be directing
the avengers movie when it comes out
because joss whedon is a freaking genius
it's like they got that far into the
movie like oh shit we haven't killed
anybody yet who's a character that the
audience leaves connected with that guy
that guy kill that fucker serenity the
movie just working epic I mean just
makes you want to see the whole series
and then want to kill yourself because
it's been canceled litigation zombies
are my number one fear and those
freaking Reapers freak the hell out of
me this landings gonna be interesting
define interesting oh god oh god we're
all gonna die the viewer reviews are
like my favorite thing keeps me a little
too busy but guys of course thanks for
watching day 29 in the defranco nation
movie club tomorrow is our last movie
club day another project 30 will have
been completed of course as always
thanks for being a part of the defranco
nation movie club I love your faces and
I will see you tomorrow guys thanks
again for watching this defranco nation
movie club video if you enjoyed it and
you want to join us be sure to subscribe
to this channel you want to watch
yesterday's video click on this guy over
here and of course tomorrow's video is
