hello and welcome to another defranco
nation movie club where we watch a new
movie everyday then we come back and
chat about it and then I get naked most
of the time off camera I'm probably
gonna get sued but the movie we're
watching today and then talking about is
law-abiding citizen of course there many
ways to watch movie we thank those of
you that have chosen netflix.com slash
free lady he's that URL you got a free
month trial of instant streaming movies
to most any device that plays video but
enough of that blah Blee blah let's talk
about the movie which is described as
relatives by the atrocious murders of
his wife and daughter in the flawed
justice system that set the killers free
Clyde Shelton gives in to his rage and
sets out on a course of vengeance he
soon takes on not only the prosecutor
involved in the case Nick rice and also
the city of Philadelphia starring Jamie
Foxx and Gerard Butler this is one of
those movies that passed me by so I'm
gonna sit down watch this movies rod
butler movies are usually a hit or miss
but I'm gonna watch movie you're gonna
watch 15 second trailer and then we're
gonna come back and have a chat so
you're the one who makes deals with
murders yeah so I've come to make mine
release me but what all right kill
everyone
Bend's WABAC oh.well abiding citizen
short review is a movie that has a lot
of promise and get really into and then
it's like oh I kind of felt like if
someone was giving me a handy for about
90 minutes and then right at the end
they moved it and blew it in my face
that's what it felt like that's what
this movie felt like let's talk about
the movie keep in mind spoilers ahead so
yeah Gerard Butler's wife and child's
are murdered then only one of the guys
that was caught is sentenced to death
the other one just released because he
ratted on the other guy and that happens
because the prosecutor is like you know
it was dark they're gonna say you didn't
see him let's just win the case and
Jamie Foxx the prosecutor only cares
about winning the case so they take the
plea deal you know they know Gerard
Butler used to work for the government
needs a mad genius and so he kills the
one guy that was gonna die anyway but he
made it super super super painful then
he finds the other guy kills him in a
horrific way he kind of admits to it but
then doesn't and then Gerard Butler
proceeds to show the flaws of the
justice system and at the same time
people that have wronged him and Gerard
Butler's eyes I start to doubt that a
lot of shit happens I don't want to ruin
a lot of the movie but here's the big
spoiler so click the annotation to get
past it Gerard Butler is gonna kill
everybody
but then Jamie Foxx moves the bomb and
when Gerard Butler finally decides that
he will kill everybody he accidentally
kills himself but here's the problem
Gerard Butler's character is the hero
throughout the movie even though he's
doing all these terrible things he's
doing so in an act of revenge I don't
know if it's because Jamie Foxx is
acting is so weak where Gerard Butler is
just on in this movie but you're just
rooting for Gerard Butler the entire
time and so when he dies you're like no
fuck Jamie Foxx fuck Jamie Foxx the
ending was completely like Wars like oh
I get it you live by the sword you die
by that shut the fuck up stupid stupid
fucking movie what was the lesson we
learned in this movie nothing because
it's stupid there was so much potential
with this movie and I like the idea of
you know if there is a messed up corrupt
system sometimes the only way to fix it
is to destroy and rebuild it but instead
gave me a limp dick of an ending so fuck
this movie do not watch this movie
unless you want to see things explode
yes that's cool but otherwise blah of
course not we are switching things up of
course for tonight's movie watching
homework you need to watch and we'll be
chatting about that tomorrow so of
course after you watch that movie send
in a video response of your opinion /
review / whatever you thought about it
and you might be included in tomorrow's
show but of course till next time thank
you for being a part of the defranco
nation movie
whether or not you use netflix.com slash
lady for your free month trial of
instant streaming giving us money 'no
s'what he does know about the show but
it is super good plus i don't even know
the full series of Battlestar Galactica
was on Netflix after I've been watching
these movies I've been watching BSG I
guess such a good show I know that you
you're probably already slammed with
movie club stuff but if you can watch
BSG easily best series that I've watched
in the past ten years that and the wire
easy but guys of course till next time
my name is philip Franco I love your
face and I will see you tomorrow Baha
abiding citizen big hairy monkey titty
that is an awesome movie didn't like
this movie
plain and simple not one of the best
movies in the world I liked it I really
like this movie it was a pretty good
well directed well put together movie
probably one of the best movies I've
seen excuse for not doing dishes ground
tunnel that he built that goes all the
way from his jail cell into like this
little layer that he has death machines
and it's awesome like oh my gosh she's
so badass good actions great you know
it's kind of interesting seeing Gerard
Butler slaughter people just absolutely
destroying torture scene in the very
beginning like slaughtering that dude
it's creepy why it's very well done I
was on the same thing to that guy he did
that to my family I would go knaves you
know acting was fantastic attractive the
script was good you know it was all very
well put together definitely had really
bad lulz throughout it where I kind of
stopped caring for a bed and then
something would explode I was like oh
that's awesome
EDD attention span for walking walk why
is this happening hmm it's like soda
like diet soda because it starts off
like this is a refreshing beverage but
then kind of ends with a bad taste in
your mouth you're not rooting for him
he's not the hero he's not even an
antihero who makes no fucking sense and
he's more dangerous than the people he's
trying to kill this is how the Punisher
movies should have been
but it wasn't the punish as the ending
is horrible the ending personally I
think I feel could be better cuz you sit
there you root for this character Gerard
Butler's character the entire movie and
let you realize kind of that you can't
want to win but you'll want to cheer for
him you really do it and that final
scene I just feel a little letdown guys
thanks again for watching this defranco
nation movie club video if you enjoyed
it and you want to join us be sure to
subscribe to this channel if you want to
watch yesterday's video click on this
guy over here and of course tomorrow's
video
