hello and welcome to another day of the
defranco movie club thing where we watch
a new movie everyday it's coming close
to an end after today we'd only have
three more days three more movies all
the things we've gone through of course
view our new to the defranco nation
movie club we've been watching a new
movie every day there are tons ways to
watch them thank you to those of you
that have shown support in many ways
some of you doing it through a
netflix.com slash free lady when you use
that URL get a free month trial of
instant streaming movies like the one
we're gonna watch today which is the
boondock saints.the boondock saints is
described as sensing a god-given mission
to cleanse the earth of all evil twin
brothers Connor and Murphy set out to
rid Boston of crime but instead of
joining the police force these Irish
Americans decide to kick criminal but
their own way William Dafoe who co-stars
and writer director Troy Duffy's crime
thriller has an openly gay FBI agent was
assigned to investigate the siblings
activities so I will admit I got excited
when a bunch of you guys recommended
this movie because it's actually one of
my favorite movies but it has been a
while since I revisited it so I'm gonna
do that you're gonna launch a 15 second
trailer then we're gonna come back and
we're gonna have a chat
pens back like I said before the
boondocks and is easily one of my
favorite movies of all time just because
I love I love me a good revenge movie
the will of the righteous
Smita evil so essentially you start off
you have these two Irish brothers
they're just guys until one night they
say God visited them sure I'm down for
that they decide they're gonna be the
Angel of Death they start taking out
people and the way they do this is
through really fun time management
usually going to the crime scene after
it's already happened then William Dafoe
using his amazing William Dafoe Ness to
figure out how the crime actually went
down and then the director takes you
through what happened and usually it's
some like crazy far away now I will say
this is one of those movies that you
either love or you hate that's that's
usually the case this is one of those
movies I saw in college in high school
and I was like yes like my two favorite
increase in high school such a cliche is
the boondock saints and Donnie Darko and
I like Donnie Darko more before they
released the extended cover this movie
is kind of fantastic because it goes
into like the nature of crime and you
kind of just enjoy it because you're
just like ah swift justice not gonna be
one of those things where like a scumbag
gets off through like his scummy lawyer
driving somebody it's just one of those
movies where you're like rooting for
them the entire movie then entering the
idea of the Trinity and their poor
Italian friend I loved him he was so
classically flawed you shut the fucking
cat man I love this movie so much I've
purposely not seen the sequel I've heard
terrible things about the sequel I I
refused to watch it I would watch The
Human Centipede seven times in a row
before I had watched a sequel to this
movie just because I hate that it could
possibly ruin a classic for it of course
I'd love to know what you thought about
the movie your favorite kill scene what
stood out to gettings in such an words
so we're switching it up a little bit
only a little kiss tonight you a movie
watching homework is to watch law
abiding citizen course if you already
seen it or after you watch it send a
video response to this video giving your
opinion / review / wherever you felt
about that movie you might be in
tomorrow show I believe only three more
days but guys I'm gonna leave you to it
of course thanks again to all of you
that have joined the defranco nation
movie club by either subscribing
watching the movies along with us at
netflix.com slash Philly D where you
getting a free month trial and as always
my name is philip Franco I love your
face and I will see you tomorrow yes yes
yes yes yes yes a thousand times yes go
see this movie why I love this movie
it's just a badass
it has bad ass guys with badass guns
doing badass shit I love this movie do
you know they say the f-word 246 times
the family prayer is awesome characters
are so fantastic and so well done and
it's this funny funny movie all the
jokes like every joke you make I was
laughing rapping there's a good mix of
action comedy without it being like too
cheesy or too serious it's just these
two normal guys that you know the
brothers and the movie shows the
humanity in these killers and accosted
the question not some of these people
that kill all the time he made well into
focus yeah I loved the fact that he was
gay oh yeah but you couldn't they only
touched on it once or twice it wasn't
even like I really like that a lot you
don't see that a lot I think we need
some more gay badasses great the way the
script is written all just so wonderful
but honestly what taught women dogs
ain't not for me that Irish accent I
found them with them every apparently
ron jeremy the like most famous porn
star in the world is like in and i think
it's funny how he's like the pervert
jerking off to like okay sluts I don't
even know whatever any movie that has a
death by toilet how can you not love
that guys thanks again for watching this
defranco nation movie club video if you
enjoyed it and you want to join us
be sure to subscribe to this channel if
you want to watch yesterday's video
click on this guy over here and of
course tomorrow's video
