and hello welcome to another defranco
nation movie club de video thingy Majid
you are not familiar we're watching a
new movie every day for 30 days we're
coming up to the end of it but more
importantly thank you to you guys who
have been supporting the defranco nation
movie club of course by subscribing to
this channel and signing up to
netflix.com slash philly d where you get
a free month trial events and streaming
movies most of the movies that were
actually covering today we're talking
about and watching the movie clockwork
or you guys heavily recommended this
movie and the movie is described as a
Stanley Kubrick classic based on Anthony
Burgesses novel teenage miscreant alex
delarge wanders aimlessly amid a bleak
futuristic urban landscape drinking
drugged milk and listening to Beethoven
with his fellow dhruv's but he also
spends his time stealing raping and
beating innocent people in nihilistic
orgies of violence all in an attempt to
get his nightly kicks and this movie was
made in 1971 I have yet to see it a lot
of people have always talked about it
I'm saw the the opening scene it was one
of those movies I never actually sat
down and watched so I'm gonna go watch
this movie you're gonna watch a 15
second trailer we are going to meet
afterwards and we will talk about it can
be the most potent weapon
and then put back so an interesting
movie and I know that doing my my short
review gonna piss off a lot of people
cuz I know this is a huge hit for a lot
of people to me I go what the fuck is
this movie I know that's kind of the
point i get that the over-the-top acting
in the beginning brother what do you
think Bravo if I was being generous i
would give this movie a be I definitely
have a lot of the stuff in this move
let's jump into the movie what it's
about what happens things and stuff in
words you got this main guy he's got his
own gang a thug's he's a sociopath and
he beats down rapes and just causes
ultraviolence as they say in the movie
he is then caught for murdering someone
with a giant replica of a penis it was
interesting to watch but he goes to jail
14 years in the movie he opts in to a
program that will help him be fixed in
two weeks so the movie he's like yes
please in the book it actually plays out
differently at least so I've been told
where he actually like kills a guy in
jail and then they just throw him into
the program and whole program shows him
like ultraviolent things which at first
he loves but then due to drug therapy
which actually makes him sick and is
actually something that the other CIA
tested in the 50s and 60s showing him
stuff that he would normally be excited
by it and creating a relationship a
correlation to feeling sick to the nth
degree making that person ever want to
do that he's then released in the public
and essentially has no defenses keeps
running into people that he's wronged
and they just walk him up until at the
end of the movie certain things and
stuff happen I don't want to fully ruin
the movie but the main thing of the
movie was you cannot easy fix somebody
can him feel nauseous when he thought of
violence didn't change him just made him
feel nauseous when he thought of
violence he wasn't rehabilitated he was
just debilitated he was just no longer
human and it's hard to come to a final
meaning of this movie especially since
the book was different and then it was
changed for America and then the movie
reflects that see a person forced to
change into a better person actually
mean you change the person just change
their action you might as well turn him
into a vegetable because his crimes
against people dehumanize them but this
program that was meant to fix him
dehumanized him ultimately in the movie
I'm gonna spoil it I decided annotation
to get past it he stops feeling sick
with the ultra violent stuff he says I
am cured and he gets like a position
it's all very stupid and everything was
all for naught I probably should have
gotten a lot more out of this movie but
what I got out of it with sociopaths or
sociopath and rehabilitating them is
impossible this is probably one of the
reasons i'm not a lil movie critic but i
would love
what you guys think in the comments down
below I know this is like a fan favorite
sort of movie it can be as detailed as
well Phil shows that the rehabilitation
process is really only successful when
you deal with someone getting what they
dished out in blah blah blah or it could
be I was a fan of the movie because I
saw lots of booby either way it really
worked if you have some free time it is
definitely worth a look not a movie you
want to watch your mom but uh something
to check out tonight of course we are
switching gears the movie homework that
you have for tonight is to watch the
movie boondock saints this is probably a
movie that I'm excited to revisit you
guys recommend it if you see that movie
or you do watch a movie tonight leave a
video response of your opinion / review
/ wherever you thought about the movie
and it might be included in the show but
guys that is all for this town of course
it's always my name's hold Franco I love
your face and I will see you tomorrow
clockwork orange is a masterpiece
terrible movie you tube what is this
rape nudity reading old men chillin with
penises this was not a mindfuck this was
a mind rape oh this movie grew a penis
and rammed it into my ears a really
unique movie I'm a natural blonde but
also in the brain this isn't movie I'm
going to have to watch I had a few times
in order to understand it it's just
weird because this guy is obviously
terrible you just kind of had this indan
see to want to root for it just
enthralls you and you want to see what
happens next to the care cuz the
characters are so unbelievable either
absolutely love this movie or you hate
it and I just happen to really love it
if your dick to everyone and then you
can't be dick anymore everyone's just
gonna kill you basically there was a lot
of sex symbolism in this movie more than
I think I've ever seen in a movie whose
penises everywhere bubis not even in a
really ironic sense more like enough
rape and defilements it doesn't really
change him all it does is just it's like
removing Claus from a cat he still sort
of has those thoughts but he can't act
on them definitely one of the top 10
best movies i've ever seen in my life
try not to kill anyone after you see
this movie guys thanks again for
watching this to Franco nation movie
club video if you enjoyed it and you
want to join us be sure to subscribe to
this channel you want to watch
yesterday's video click on this guy over
here and of course tomorrow's video is
