hello and welcome to another DEATH
defranco nation movie club do you like
my very god this is so boring background
if you're new to the movie club we made
a vow for 30 days we're gonna watch a
new movie everyday today's movie is
Eternal Sunshine of the spotless mind
yes I got it right yes but Phil how do
we watch the movies well there's any
ways to watch them one of the easiest
ways that you guys have taken up and
that we we always promote because it
helps us and it's it's good for you is
netflix.com slash really do use that URL
you get a free month trial of instant
streaming movies via Netflix but let's
jump into the description of Eternal
Sunshine of the spotless mind which is
after learning that his ex-girlfriend
Clementine has undergone an experimental
medical process to purge the memories of
him mild mannered Joel barish he opts
for the same procedure but during the
operation he decides that he doesn't
want to lose what's left of the
relationship and tries to conceal her
image in his memory cells that's the
movie he's got a good cast of Jim Carrey
8 Winslet Kirsten Dunst Tom Wilkinson
Elijah Wood and others so this is one of
the movies that I've wanted to see for a
very long time have not seen it going to
jump into it so watch this 15 second
trailer then we're gonna come back and
we're gonna talk about the movie that
baby's history it's all being wiped away
they're erasing you phlegm you'll be
gone
whoa careful one step back roach the
guys back a short spoiler free review of
Eternal Sunshine of the spotless mind as
I like it I like him a lot I think it's
a a minus B plus movie and I was very
wary of this movie because Jim Carrey
doesn't have the best track record of
non comedy movies granted The Truman
Show probably one of my top 20 movies
it's up there from time to time you know
the Sherman show definitely a great
movie that shows that he actually has
acting chops so then I do think of
movies like 23 which I kind of dug the
concept and I was like fuck you Jim
Carrey which is something I don't say a
lot because I love Jim Carrey Jim Carrey
awesome but he does great in this movie
and it doesn't hurt that Michel Miguel
alguns really liked to pronounce any
what possible way that I could be said
directed this movie and it's it's shot
exquisitely one of the reasons this
movies a lot of fun is it it bounces
back and forth between time via memory
sometimes Jim Carrey's actually there
sometimes he's not there sometimes
you're in his memory sometimes you're in
the past sometimes you're in present
time and I don't want to spoil the movie
so I'm not gonna go into a lot of it but
one of the big things that this movie
shows is is love it is not clean cut
strawberries sunshine and whipped cream
and whatever else's tastes good in your
mouth on people what sunshine that
doesn't fit and in love you usually have
two flawed people and that's the
best-case scenario and it goes into the
relationship of two people being unique
so when someone tries to mimic the
relationship based on what they think
someone likes there's usually a
different outcome because the chemistry
between those two people is different
and even though two people are flawed
and love is flawed on a biological level
at least in my opinion on a biological
level it doesn't make sense for human
beings to be with each other forever
like we will try even though we know
that it's flawed even though we know the
very similar situation is not work in
the past we will try because we crave it
we crave something that will inherently
make us not happy at times and the way
they film this movie in the way they
edit this movie gets that message across
in a very fun way I definitely recommend
watching and I definitely recommend
watching it with other people getting
their take on this movie will be it will
be fun plus I'm actually a big Elijah
Wood fan other thing people get enough
of the wood that's it that's what his
nickname should be the wood but guys of
course it is the sunday video which
means that we will be announcing he not
the not the next seven because our
project is coming to an end the next and
final five because that's gonna be our
thirty days but this set of movies we
went back to you guys these movies are
based on your recommendations and up
voting and so that's why Monday we will
have clockwork orange' followed by
Boondock Saints followed by law-abiding
citizen followed by serenity and we
finished this thing out with shutter
island' it's been a very interesting run
thus far now seeing your comments and
your video responses on a daily basis
about something I've just seen in the
whole movie club things really cool I'm
gonna spend the next five days not only
watching these movies but figuring out
you know if we will continue this in
some way shape or form but guys your
movie to watch tonight is of course
Clockwork Orange so if you've seen it or
you watch this movie tonight you might
be in for a little mindfuck but then
afterwards send in a video response to
this video of your opinion slash review
of Clockwork Orange and you might be in
tomorrow's video of course until next
time thank you guys for joining the
defranco nation movie club if you want
to watch most of the movies that we talk
about one of the easiest ways is
netflix.com slash freely to get your
free month trial labadie bla bla bla bla
cerberus february sir my name is oleg
Franco I love your face and I will talk
to you tomorrow guys thanks again for
watching this defranco nation movie club
video if you enjoyed it and you want to
join us be sure to subscribe to this
channel if you want to watch yesterday's
video click on this guy over here and of
course tomorrow's video
