hello and welcome to another day of the
defranco nation movie club where we
watch awesome and also as possibly
sometimes terrible movie has come back
here and we talked about it this of
course it's been the week that I have
picked the movie too much of your
delights you're like nothing with people
eating poop I'm a fan and of course
before we start there are many ways to
watch the movies we appreciate that we
also appreciate those of you that abused
netflix.com/phillyd eat when you use
that URL of course you get a month free
trial of Netflix Instant stream movies
too many many many devices but now that
we have that out of the way today's
movie is a Robin Hood Men in Tights
easily one of my favorite movies I have
not seen it in a very long time I'm
about to re-watch it on my handy-dandy
laptop and the movie is described as
it's the classic tale of Robin Hood
re-envisioned by comic master Mel Brooks
as evil Prince John oppresses the people
Robin steals from the tax collectors
triumphs in any archery contest foils
the Sheriff of Nottingham and makes goo
goo eyes and Maid Marian it is a musical
involving song dance and yes and in
tights I'm gonna go watch it you're
gonna watch 15 second trail they're
gonna come back and we're gonna have a
chat shall we
spoiler alert are back why should the
people listen to you because unlike some
other Robin Hood's I can speak with an
English accent this movie just stands
through the ages plus it doesn't hurt
that it has one of my favorite actors of
all time and it sucks because I'm gonna
mispronounce his name Harry mmm very Obi
of course stars in The Princess Bride
which is actually my favorite movie of
all time as well as the movie soul which
we will not hold against I like that
movie just saying he was a terrible
actor in that movie John John oh don't
down Kerry okay you don't have to act
this hard but Robin Hood men tights is a
fantastic comedy whether it's the
musical numbers because that that just
gets stuck in your head I don't even
know when I first saw this movie I just
know that I know men women and tight
tight so we go over the pool looking for
flies why is that in my head that's I
feel like that's been in my head since
birth which is impossible because this
movie was made in 1993 I would even say
this is a better
drama and Russell Crowe is Robin Hood
which by the way soft donkey balls big
old donkey balls just saying did you
watch that movie if you haven't don't
it's like they were like hey let's do
gladiators but fucking terrible that
sounds like a great idea anyway that
Robin Hood men in tights very funny some
of it is humor specific to the time but
you can still laugh at one side though
it's also one of the first movies you'll
ever see Dave Chappelle in white men
can't jump
he plays ahh-choo which is that still
just makes me laugh main point watch
this movie if you want to laugh if you
do not laugh at this movie readjust your
funny meter that means that I haven't
seen all of the great Mel Brooks movies
I still actually have not seen Blazing
Saddles that's definitely gonna be on my
list at some point somewhere else but
enough talking just watch this move
watch it doesn't even have to be through
one of our sponsors you would just be
doing yourself a disservice by not
watching this movie sit back relax and
laugh laughter could cure cancer well
that's that's a stupid reference anyway
that's what I thought that's what you
guys thought in a second but more
importantly your movie homework for
tonight because you don't have a date
let's be honest is to watch the movie
eternal sunshine of a spotless mind
we're just bouncing around John Roos
this week of course if you've seen that
movie or you watch it and you were
affected in a positive or a negative way
send in a video response of your opinion
slash review / whatever you thought
about the movie or the actors and you
might be in tomorrow's video of course
as always my name is philip defranco and
i love your face oh and also i'll see
you tomorrow
that's what I meant to say oh it finally
finally the next seven movies that were
gonna watch you're gonna be fully
decided tomorrow so in the comments down
below
you know what movies you think we should
add to the instant queue and thumbs up
and thumbs down the movies that you
think makes sense or don't make sense
and bye for real this time Wow
it is just as good as I remember it to
be it is huh Larry is another one of
those classic Mel Brooks movies that
will make you laugh well I know
everything about the city it's probably
going to be looked at as a very
unpopular view on the Internet two hours
if I never cure cancer in my life I'm
gonna blame it on this movie it's
definitely that's not I don't hear
towards kids like
slapstick humor but it's hilarious but I
just think it was really great and you
know I've seen this movie now as more of
an adult I really actually get all the
jokes the producers is a much much
better Mel Brooks film and so is Young
Frankenstein to see those films and then
watch men in tights you can see kind of
how Mel Brooks has a one type of comedy
that doesn't really branch too far away
from what he's comfortable with
allegation in this movie he's like such
a stereotypical token black guy
literally every single line he had was
just a stereotypical different user
buddy I never get though I love this
movie this movie is funny from beginning
and there is no part in this movie that
is not hilarious and of course Mel
Brooks anything he says is brilliant
without Robin Hood and Spaceballs and
all these other movies that he did we
wouldn't have like a scary movie and you
know all the movies a tweet even though
we wouldn't have those he was the first
one that was really good at just making
heritage so when this video came about
what it was happening is that the film
producer was sitting in his office and
he basically said to his son jokingly I
demand you to give me a good idea or a
surefire hit and his son said well why
don't you do a parody of Robin Hood and
that was history guys thanks again for
watching this - franco nation movie club
video if you enjoyed it and you want to
join us be sure to subscribe to this
channel you want to watch yesterday's
video click on this guy over here and of
course tomorrow's video is
