hello and welcome to the defranco nation
movie club we have a weird weird weird
weird movie today but first for the
newbies if you are not familiar with the
defranco nation movie club you are
watching a new movie everyday there are
tons of ways to watch them but the
easiest way to be a part of this club is
of course to subscribe to the channel
make sure you know what the movies for
the week are and of course find an easy
way to be able to watch all the movies
and right now the easiest way of course
is to use netflix.com slash philly be
your free month trial of instant
streaming movies via Netflix and of
course it helps us out over here in a
very odd movie that you have the
pleasure of watching or have watch is
being John Malkovich movie came out in
1999 a critical acclaim and is described
as when puppeteer Craig Schwartzman
discovers a door that's in fact a portal
into actor John Malkovich's brain yes
this is actually a movie he can cocks a
plot to sell 15-minute excursions into
Malkovich's mine the ultimate head trip
for $200 upon directed by Spike Jones of
course it's directed by Spike Jonze who
else would do this movie so it's
definitely a weird movie it stood out in
my mind remember though the movies that
I'm recommending this week aren't just
because I was like it was because they
they definitely stood out for different
reasons so I'm going to watch the movie
on my handy-dandy laptop and the
meantime here is a 15 second trailer
there's a tiny door in my office Maxine
and it takes you inside John Malkovich
there's no such thing as a hole and if
somebody's ready yes there is and after
about 15 minutes there isn't oh yes
Being John Malkovich is the mindfuck
that I remembered it to be and with it
being a mindfuck it is also one of the
most original movies I've ever seen in
my entire life like who comes up with a
screenplay like okay so there is a
portal to John Malkovich dick whatever
you want to call him and you can
experience being this dude for 20
minutes I would love that I think about
that all the time not that specific
scenario that would be weird but I
always imagine what it would be like to
be another person because you know you
see other people and you know you know
they're looking at you it probably looks
something like this you don't know what
it's like to be them what it would it
what it feels like to breathe like think
like them do they think as fast as you
slower you pretty much the same I love
this
concept now it shot beautifully scored
beautifully acting's actually great and
I love that John Malkovich was like yes
let's do this movie because you can't do
this sort of movie obviously without the
P character and what's kind of amazing
about this movie is there are there are
almost zero likable people in this movie
everyone in this movie is selfish in
fucked up and are liars and controllers
and manipulators I guess that means
that's our second black comedy for the
week but you also don't feel bad when
people get fucked over John Cusack is in
this movie I love John Cusack in this
movie his movie selection at times could
be a little weird but I love that he did
this movie Cameron Diaz was actually
fantastic in this movie even though now
she's creepily ripped I'm sorry a rod
that's got to be like banging a dude of
course John Malkovich and a bunch of
other people and when I say original I
don't just mean like the original
concept like the entire movie is just
filled with like Oh what though what
this girlfriend hates men and so she
loves being John Malkovich so that she
can bang that one chick that her
boyfriend like what and it's also a
thought-provoking movie because when
John Cusack takes over John Malkovich
and this is a big spoiler here so and
it's 8 to get past it and he takes over
John and then he changes John's life by
being someone else he has opportunities
that he previously didn't have or at
least self-confidence that he previously
did not have because it was all a show
and if you had the opportunity to be
another person would you you know what
that can be your question today if you
had the opportunity to be someone else
but there was for an hour or for the
rest of your life would you oh and John
Cusack at the end more all that story is
pussies get fucked
that's just like a rule of life of
course other than that question I'd love
to know what you thought of this movie
what goes through your head especially
if you haven't seen this movie before I
just thought I'd share and I and I hope
you've been enjoying the the movies this
week that I've been choosing and not
necessarily that you just you're like I
love this movie but that they're
affecting you in some way or opening
your eyes to different things of course
tonight your movie that you should watch
is something to watch that along with
you yes of course remember to watch the
movie we talked about or anything else
in the future over the movie club one of
the easiest ways to do it is to sign up
to netflix.com slash freely be for your
free month trial of instant streaming
movies so almost forgot if you send in
your video response of your review slash
opinion it may be included in tomorrow's
video along with our viewer response but
anyways as always my name is philip
Franco I love your face and I will see
you tomorrow oh my god what the hell
that I just watch
weird oh my god thank you so much for
picking this movie when I saw this was
coming at the end of the video I scream
Philip DeFranco picked my movie and and
every one of my family is like who's
Phillip DeFranco and I do explain it to
them and show you a bunch of videos
about smexy people and dressing was very
awkward for all of us
oh that's a trip to think in an office
building there might be a porthole to
somebody inside of my head I wish this
movie was being Natalie Portman they'll
be so sexy or my other favorites Olivia
Wilde oh she knows 50 wave you need to
remake this movie with some of these
sexy bitches Cameron Diaz apparently
once I swamp
she wants a penis camera deus juan
sabines this is what a fantasy should be
it should be something people want to do
but can't ever happen like experience
what celebrity feels for 15 minutes and
see john malkovich naked in the shower
who wrote this the characters were so
annoying I think the only one I liked
was the chimp and Charlie Sheen and then
you have Maxine running around who's
supposed to like this huge object of
lust and she's not even hot it's like
pick someone I'm sure there's gonna be
some people out there going well it was
talking about the philosophical sense of
the soul no no I was just wearing the
borrow like mode is that John Malkovich
it is all like no I think going insane
you know what I should do I should
consult Charlie Sheen to tell me if I
going insane that was so funny
especially in the modern context of
Charlie Sheen John Cusack in his wife
fight go back and forth he locks her in
a cage holds her head a gunpoint it's
also they can convince this one sexy
chick at the beginning of the movie bang
John Malkovich so they can go and
literally mind rape John Malkovich so
that they are literally raping this
chick so rape can end in relationships
Laurel the story by in the end this is a
movie I'm gonna watch over and over just
to analyze it because this is a movie
that in my opinion would take more than
one view to analyze every little detail
of it guys thanks again for watching
this defranco nation movie club video if
you enjoyed it and you want to join us
be sure to subscribe to this channel if
you want to watch yesterday's video
click on this guy over here and of
course tomorrow's video is
