and we're back what the hell all right I
may not get sorry you know what you see
my beautiful hair okay I can't believe
Danny and Christy actually fought to the
death yeah I can't believe the carnage
in front of us right now daring that
weird pause do you guys hear me do you
see me hello key hello Keith okay yeah
we're good we're good
my hair is not beautiful Thank You taco
appreciate it but anyway here we are
setting up for a video shoot where
Keith's crew so his Twitter's alive
watch your mouth there you go W or W oh
it doesn't matter
keep walk out why do I have to be in
here this is the live stream we're
obligated to do a quick sound check
check my levels I'll probably talk like
this please fix the video Joe nation
audio works no video well yeah frozen
video sound works problems with the live
stream guys just refresh your browser
don't look at me man get to work there
you go how's the audio the audio is
sounding pretty good as well give me
three all to write on and burn yeah but
we can't say that on video because we
don't want to give away what the video
is I know he's live streaming what no
it's fine
you didn't say any more than that it's
fine I'm just it's a warning okay when
again a Philly DS store Keith what up
Ethan goddamn
that's going quick ZD they won't know
where ZD is Kristy give me your levels
did you know you'll get this but did you
know that on BBC news videos you could
put the channel of to about the volume
of 211 I look so interesting do you know
that references okay come on guys who
knows this is spinal tap
alright guys I want you all to ask
Christy a question Oh God or is it live
life it's live life any chance this is
going bring back Madison will you marry
me oh sorry no marriage now we have to
go to Danny you guys ask her a quick
question Danny kiss my butt yes Danny is
Christie single any sense Christy with
the sea are a part of the office the
people in your favorite candy oh oh I
like big hunks you guys know big hunks
there looks cool we talked about kib
they go on pick I'm practically married
to beef Michael oh man his real name's
Michael I'm so Warren Mandy are you
single guys who wants to see Brianna
Briona don't leave well it's probably
part of what's wrong with our current
what's going on hey guys is Breanna why
don't we ask Breanna respectful kind
well-thought question yeah also hey Zeus
just asked if I was saying questions
favourite book that's a good one shadow
of the wind by carlos ruiz several it's
not pretentious one innocent sounds but
okay it's relatively contemporary oh can
i get one are they free am i single I am
NOT are you are you guys single like who
single single here please don't send
pictures do you appreciate onions layers
what do you say yeah let me smell it up
to the camera there take a big whiff
it's so easy to make hers they're
comfortable did you ever feel like a
plastic bag guys
this is not you know you right it's not
Phil could still went home I mean he's
still working
oh no but I mean he's got work to be
doing taking care of his family
no taken care of is family doing
business stuff and all that well we just
got a $2.00 something a super chair a
super check Danny they want to know why
there's poop on the wall patreon where's
the camera so I look at the King right
there there you go it's a nice new show
where we talk about gross things and
share personal gross stories and will
you have any my poop I want to talk into
it like a microphone why would you say
my show City on patreon
what's our patreon link DeFranco elite
com you should join because we have a
good time we test out material early
access it's like 4:30 or so the next big
city I don't know yet I don't know
what's that blue Oh Briana how would you
murder Joe ooh
that's a question you got to answer cuz
they paid for a girl she's good she's
gonna stick to the wall oh yes this is
why Ryan's here some of my questions
alright guys so I think we're about to
get started
Luke how much further away are you from
getting you're getting going you're good
to go okay how long you've been going
for nine minutes 55 seconds you popped
in to see Danny with poo well you know
it popped in at the right time some
would say where is Brian Brian's working
Joe is on vacation apparently Danny's
doing a colon cleanse day ten
it must be manda guys it's Amanda all
right ask last question and then we're
gonna wrap up this ice cream I my single
is that what people are asking great
guys are really excited for this video
it's Keith in me and Danny's baby please
tune in on Monday and watch it yeah I
think we need it in the world oh I see
what you're saying yeah yeah yeah it's a
nice day
it's a nice day to die okay well that's
what we're gonna in alright guys that's
it we'll be live streaming once a week
if we can help it and that's it say
goodbye everyone
next time Phil will be on it
