hello nation welcome to another defranco
nation movie club video we're going to
be watching Slingblade in the office
today which is fantastic because James
loves those weird
did I mention we're watching Slingblade
today for the defranco nation movie club
swingweight of course is the Billy Bob
Thornton excellently acted movie of
course there are many ways to watch this
movie but the way that we are doing it
is through netflix.com slash really deep
you use that URL you get a free month
trial of instant streaming movies to
your computer or perhaps your TV like we
are doing but to explain what Slingblade
is we will now read in oscar-winning
tour-de-force writer director Billy Bob
Thornton stars as Carlisle der Mann who
returns home after being released from a
psychiatric hospital where he's been
confined since age 12 and murdering his
mother and her lover in 1996 director
like I said Billy Bob Thornton so I'm
gonna sit on that a comfy couch over
there watch this movie and in 15 seconds
we're gonna come back and we're gonna
talk about said movie the killers
look here learn to live my rules I don't
reckon I got no reason to kill nobody
Slingblade in the back ok so sling blade
yes it holds true to me loving the movie
I think it's definitely in my my top 20
movie this is also the movie where I
first saw Billy Bob Thornton and was a
Billy Ray Cyrus Billy Bob Thornton
despite any of the craziness and his
personal life he's always been a
fantastic actor we're gonna jump into
the story everyone if you haven't seen
it so please watch this movie this is
definitely a quick review watch it you
have to watch it so you start off with
Billy Bob's character and he's just
being released from a mental institution
and you find out that you know he was
picked on as a kid he was 12 years old
and this 13 year old kid that used to
always pick on him and pick on him and
so after like sulking he decided to go
home you want to talk to his mom about
it walks in the thirteen-year-old kid is
having sex with his mom so Billy Bob
grabs a Kaiser blade some people call it
a Sling Blade but I call it a Kaiser
blade and he kills the kid and he's like
mom don't worry I stopped the 13 year
old rapist to which she responded why
did you kill him that 13 year old boy
was making sweet sweet love debate which
he was like what the fuck like any
person would and then he killed his mom
and that's the setup so then Billy Bob's
character who not only killed his mom
and her 13 year old lover but he's also
mentally off he befriends a 12 year old
bullet meets his mother he moves into
their garage forms a brotherly bond with
the boy the boy sees amor as like you
know a father thing then the 12 year old
boy's mom has an abusive boyfriend Billy
Bob's character doesn't like that I find
a lot of things about Billy Bob's
character one of the reasons why he's
messed up more about his father and then
Billy Bob kills the boy's abusive a
possible future stepfather and
essentially saves the boy because it was
just a matter of time before he was
going to be further abused and the
reason I like this he was a life lost
you know you have Billy Bob life loss
that's what that's what I call it when
someone's just messed up from childhood
and there was mental disability he um he
still hoped someone he took his negative
and still made a positive unless you're
an abusive boyfriend in which case that
was a negative day for you but it shows
you that evil does not always beget evil
sometimes evil just shows us the shining
light that is needed to snuff out evil I
think one of the best things about Billy
Bob's character being so tragic and so
flawed as he gets to be at
thing that common sense like that's a
bad thing that should not exist and so
I'm gonna make it so love this movie I
love the sports in the comments down
below let me know what you thought which
favorite scene in which favorite Billy
Bob movies a few good ones guys of
course tonight your movie watch and
homework is so make sure I watch that
tonight after you watch it and send a
video response to this video of your
opinion / review / just things you
thought about it and you might be in
tomorrow's video the main point if you
watch this video and you were like okay
Phil I get it watch this movie anyway
you can get your hands on it this movie
actually makes me want to watch monsters
ball which is a movie I haven't watched
a Billy Bob's in any ways of course
thanks for being a part of the trek
relation movie cut you want to watch
this movie or any of the movies that we
talked about some of them though are
terribly make sure to subscribe to this
channel and sign up to netflix.com slash
lady for your free month trial of
instant streaming movies of course until
next time my name is Philip Franco and I
will see you tomorrow I love these
movies I totally thought it was
something different this movie but this
movie was so full of drama so sad and
Billy Bob Thornton does a fantastic job
does that mean she had a big Bush Wow
how have I never seen this movie before
this is my first time ever watching
Slingblade and I must say I was pretty
impressed with it I was not expecting
that I had no idea Billy Bob Thornton
wrote directed and starred in the film I
absolutely love the fact that John
Ritter is in this movie because he is
not in enough movies and it's really sad
that he passed away so I'm really glad
to see him acting in this and he was
really good and you ever hit me again
I'll make you sorry dad squirted your
ass out Russ he's just so much deeper
than that so many levels to this person
that you thought it was just a simpleton
this is now one of my absolute favorite
movie the whole time I want to do of
Carl a hug Billy Bob Thornton has never
disappointed me all of the actors were
phenomenal
believe I think the point of this movie
was just because someone's different it
doesn't mean they're not a good person
and good people sometimes do very bad
things for good reason Carl was a murder
dole had never killed anyone that we
knew of
and yet Dole was the one the audience
wanted dead even though Carl had done
something very wrong when he was young
he had grown healed himself of that
problem come to be a good person also
when you're watching this movie make
sure you take a good hard look at Billy
Bob Thornton that guy was routinely
inside Angelina Jolie just goes to show
you anything's possible seriously rented
a Netflix hit something because it was a
good movie I'll get the movie eight out
of ten everyone talks about you know
Carla North drop dead there's more to it
than the way he talks
but again oh no it's a great movie
instant classic window film this is you
guys thanks again for watching this to
Franco nation Movie Club video if you
enjoyed it and you want to join us be
sure to subscribe to this channel if you
want to watch yesterday's video click on
this guy over here and of course
tomorrow's video is
