hello and welcome to another day of
defranco nation movie club the the club
of course where we watch a new movie
every day many ways watch a new movie of
course the easiest way to do it is
either one of the other ways or
netflix.com slash philly d because he
use that URL and you get a free month
trial of instant streaming movies too
many many many many devices men even
watch movies along with us like our
movie today which is the big lebowski
movie described as slacker Jeff the dude
Lebowski gets involved in our gargantuan
mess of events when he's mistaken for
another man named Lebowski whose wife
has been kidnapped and is being held for
ransom all the wild the dudes friend
Walter stirs the pots beloved abroad
another Coen Brothers film yes it is it
is it's the second one this week but it
is also I believe it's our last hold me
to that yes it is I haven't seen this
movie in a very long time I only saw
bits and pieces of it but everyone
always was like oh you gotta finish it
I'm gonna go watch it you're gonna watch
this 15 second trailer we will be little
a meet back in 15 seconds and we'll talk
about the movie then are you employing
mr. Lebowski employed like sex mr.
Lebowski you got the wrong guy I'm the
dual we want some money oh sit in the
trunk of our car where is my damn money
say dude where is your car your back you
know I gotta say I love this movie it
may not be in my like top 10 movies of
all time it's a super solid movie it's a
great coen brothers movie and Jeff
Bridges John Goodman fantastic fantastic
um Steve Buscemi hilarious just by being
there all the other actors just everyone
everyone fits the story and I was just
laughing it was never really like oh I'm
bored I was either laughing out loud I
was laughing inside kind of just like
scoffing is that the right term so the
acting of course fantastic the story
hilarious because you know I don't even
know you would explain the story because
you have a slacker the dude jeff bridges
he's kind of just this this plastic bag
Katy Perry was singing about him and
he's just blowing in the wind and he
goes through this extraordinary what the
fuck like this is ridiculous situation
of just fucked up people and he ends up
on the other end having learned
nothing that he's the dude and that's
all he ever has to be and that's all
over he all he ever needs to be um and
nothing nothing really changes and
nothing has to change because that's
more of what life really is experiences
that don't affect you even though they
should music was was fantastic in this
movie I just kind of dug the song it's
one of those like those Colts comedies
where you watch this in like high school
or college and then you just fucking
quote it with your friends for six
months and everyone fucking hates you
and they're like I get it you saw the
hangover I fucking get it is of course
interesting to see Tara Reid not on
drugs that was interesting that was a
good good part of the movie question to
fans of this movie or people that just
watch it what's your favorite scene my
mind might be John Goodman plus a
crowbar I think that or any scene with
Jesus one of those Jews I don't know
main point if you have the chance to
watch this movie whether it be through
our netflix complex really d any any of
the other ways watch this movie if you
haven't seen it you're definitely
missing out on a great film but of
course tonight you'll movie watching
homework we're switching gears and
you're going to be watching this movie a
lot my tires of course if you've seen it
or you do watch it send you a video
response of your opinion / review or
just you know things you thought about
the movie and you might be included in
tomorrow's video the guys of course till
next time thank you for joining the
other franco nation movie club i love
the old faces and i will see you
tomorrow this movie by far is probably
one of my all-time favorite movies so
the big lebowski is probably one of the
greatest films of the 90s and it's
become just a cult classic is this your
homework larry it blows my mind every
time I fuck Longfellow because just
super original it's kind of got like
good Sin City field where you don't know
what's going on really you're really
confused doesn't make any sense but you
know it's one of the greatest fucking
movies you've ever seen I really like
all play by donc event because I'm just
funny like when getting when he pulls
the gun on the guy who stepping over the
line or bowling I was hilarious all the
characters in this movie are are bizarre
sorry this is just a funny movie they
peed on his fucking rug rude
got a good cast this is just one of
those movies you relax you may think
it's a stoner comedy or something like
that or brush it off as though it's some
sort of cult film but it's much much
more than both of those things they got
really dull after funny parts I guess
I'm just one of those people that really
like joke after joke I guess I'm gonna
cut your dick off Larry dude dude that
movie dude to sum it up every movie has
a point this movie doesn't that's what
makes it so brilliant if you want to
watch comedy an odd comedy then this
one's the movie for you guys killing
your father Larry this is also one of
the movies that I could watch a million
times and it never gets old as a matter
of fact the older I get the funnier the
movie is film is not even do you know
it's barely even a decade and a half old
I think it's already become a classic
not just in you know in cult it has a
cult when we were in American cinema
guys thanks again for watching this
defranco nation movie club video if you
enjoyed it and you want to join us be
sure to subscribe to this channel you
want to watch yesterday's video click on
this guy over here and of course
tomorrow's video is
