hello and welcome to day 20 home to
defranco nation movie club if you're a
noob and you have no idea what this is
we're watching a new movie everyday then
talking about it but today is a big day
because it's the second day where I
choose the movie of course to be part of
the defranco nation movie club things to
do one subscribe to these videos so you
make sure you don't miss out on a day
and second there are many ways to watch
the movies recommend anyway it works and
is easy for you but one of the easiest
ways is netflix.com slash really be use
that URL and you will get a month free
trial of instant streaming movies whoo
so so many devices and then of course
they help us out with what's that thing
what do they call it dollar dollar bills
so that helps of course today we are
watching district 9 and that movie is
described as when aliens land on a
global business conglomerate
multinational United forces them into
rigid containment zones where they're
compelled to labor even as MMU
commandeer as their otherworldly
technology for profit as tensions build
between human and non-human races a
rogue agent leads a resistance movement
against EMA news ruthless consolidation
of power of course I did watch this
movie in theaters when it was released
in 2009 but it's been a while so I'm
gonna watch it again while I do that
here is a 15 second trailer the whole
world is one
I'm a freak
district nine stands out to me for a lot
of reasons and when I first saw the
movie I actually didn't know I think I
liked it I was like what the fuck I
kinda do I kind of don't but here's the
few reasons the movie stands out is the
fact that they made this movie for 30
million dollars a movie of this scale
that much CGI work on red cameras that's
amazing I don't even want to think of
how much work goes into a Steadicam shot
and keeping everything real in the image
where rather the scene and of course a
big thing with the story was that it
related to the apartheid era in South
Africa I mean you could even look at the
title district 9 leads to district 6
which in 1966 was declared a whites-only
residence and they forcibly removed
60,000 people to Cape Town the
government did and it was like wow and
so this movie obviously reflects and is
inspired by and so to explain the story
without ruining it you get this main
character who's kind of dopey I need
think he's borderline evil and he's
selfish almost the entire movie and he's
your hero then he decides to help an
alien and sort of help aliens and that's
the most I can say without spoiling the
movie one of the big things for this
movie was it's beautifully shahi and one
of those people that I love the movie
Cloverfield I love the way that this
kind of movie is shot I love motion a
lot one of the big reasons I don't like
a lot of older movies are a lot of these
just like steady oddly wide frame shots
and when someone's holding a camera like
a documentary style like it was in the
beginning even though even though it
turns less of a documentary and goes
more narrative it gives you that like
real like you were their kind of feet
unless you're like a tight-ass you're
not like well where's this camera how is
that even real if you're that kind of
guy why are you going to the movie to be
annoyed by the movie and so I love the
way that it's shot and the main
character is what had me torn I've never
in a movie bin with a character that was
so great you know like if you're in a
movie and you're with a good guy you're
like yeah good guy or you're like with
Denzel in training day you're like okay
well this is who I'm with even though
technically you're with even though
Ethan Hawke in that movie but there is
something that's so selfish and then
selfless about the main character that I
relate to if something fucked up
happened to me like and I think oh my
god my life's over people are turning on
me and the world's against me and I have
I don't have a friend in the world
I probably turn into the most selfish
person on the planet with with my
action and so then I realize the reason
I didn't like this movie cuz I related
to the main character too much because
you don't think there's anything wrong
with what you do in your daily life
especially when it's considered normal
even if it's fucking killing an entire
batch of babies you think it's normal
and by the end of the movie you just
feel kind of bad for the guy I love the
way it ends because you don't you don't
know what's gonna happen they're a few
different scenario and where the choices
he made correct you don't know what is
that one good deed that you finally did
the worst thing you could have possibly
done or maybe it's deserved I think it's
definitely a movie that makes you think
it is also a fucking sweet-ass movie if
you're dealing your luck yeah shoot some
weapons just like ten minutes of like
then it turns like another ten minutes
of in my opinion a very solid movie a
standout movie maybe not a classic I do
believe you want to see well-done sci-fi
on 1/3 of the budget that it would have
normally taken it's actually movie of
course tonight we are switching up what
kind of movies were watching because
tonight we are watching a nice little
cult favorite of course to watch that
movie there are many ways to watch it
the easiest and most instant way that
most of you guys have done it is
netflix.com slash for a free month trial
of instant streaming movie it's in there
just tap it out and you can watch it on
most any device so be sure to watch that
tonight of course if you have seen it or
you do watch it tonight send in a video
response of your opinion slash review of
that movie and you might be in tomorrow
show I do want to leave you with a
question that district 9 asks if aliens
did come to this planet do you think
that it would be like porta way or it
would be like an attack us where our
resources battle la sort of way or it
would just be like dead let me know in
the comments down below but guys of
course as always my name is Franco I
love your faces and I will see you
tomorrow it was a really great great
movie I loved it I had a bunch of action
of romance
everything everything my freaking guts
the greatest movie ever I like how it
shows how we react towards people who
are different than us and how most the
time we judge people for what they are
rather than who they are in district 9
has been one of my favorite movies ever
and besides like the great acting and
the fact that it's kind of the first of
its kind the guns are just fucking
awesome great special effects I really
love the weapons that they have of a
video game
they're really quite cool yeah kick-ass
weapons there's no doubt about it that a
lot of the stuff in this movie are
pulled from things that are going on the
world right now refugee camps how people
are treated in those camps and the
living conditions and a phobia about
that stuff that's happening today this
is like epic and then more epic and then
awesome and epic at the same time and
then I have like a baby Oh big it had so
much puke oh I had so much puke it shows
the absolute worst side of humanity I
mean if history has taught us anything
and even events that are going on right
now when a powerful needed dictator of
race species whatever as soon as it
feels threatened immediate reaction is
to attack it's not like it's a purely
evil and unjust government corporation
against a purely good and Placid you
know alien species there's all sorts of
things mixed in it takes the good and
evil out of the story and I love it when
things do that because that's not the
way the world works guys thanks again
for watching this defranco nation movie
club video if you enjoyed it and you
want to join us be sure to subscribe to
this channel if you want to watch
yesterday's video click on this guy over
here and of course tomorrow's video is
