hello and welcome to day 19 of the
defranco nation movie club today is a
big day for our movie club where we
watch a new movie every day because this
week you do not choose the movies I
choose the movie that's why today we're
talking about the movie Fargo side no
it's yesterday's video reason we didn't
use your responses because we did not
have time to put them in the video
because uh DeFranco studio is took a day
off we went out to pismo beach that's a
bun dune buggies unless your name is
Matt you get stuck on a hill and then
people take pictures of you as it looks
hilarious yeah so that happened but I
imagine you being the lovely netflix.com
slash really beautiful audience that you
are you understand let's jump into the
movie Fargo probably one of my top 20
movies of all time is the Coen brothers
black comedy where william h macy plays
a car dealer who conspires with
hot-headed kidnappers to kidnap his wife
so he can pocket a part of the hefty
ransom like i said i have seen some that
movie this week it's just my way of
sharing it with you guys and talking
about it with you guys have already seen
it i am gonna watch the movies again so
while I go watch this guy on this guy
here is a 15 second trailer my wife gosh
it that money no where's my daughter
geez I'm cooperating here you have no
call to get snippy with me I'm just
doing my job here Oh what do you fellas
got yourself mixed up in and we're back
I love this movie just watching it again
reminded me how much I love this movie
and it's such a well acted movie of
course it doesn't hurt that it's a Coen
Brothers written and directed movie and
I will say it is probably william h macy
s best acting ever ever ever ever when
you watch this movie you go oh that's
how you do dark humor that's it this
movie of course was also a big deal to
me because it's steve buscemi it was his
first time i ever noticed him and I fell
in love with Steve Buscemi who made any
movie that he was part of that much
better like you couldn't have Armageddon
without Steve Buscemi screaming with a
rocket between his legs you can't but ok
so the movie beautifully shot scored
acted everything hey a movie now some
people go oh it's a coen brothers movie
of course know there are certain Coen
Brothers movies I'm not a big fan of
essentially a you go along with the
story william h macy he's like hey I
need some money I hate my father-in-law
he has a lot of money when I pay some
guys actually kidnapped my wife because
she is annoyingly nice and she wouldn't
be a part of this deal with me a fake
kidnapper self and I want to go into the
story because if you have not seen it
it's just a great movie to experience
and of course it shows the desperate
dark places that people
go and they're looking for a way out a
way to achieve something but of course
if you are down well the dirt and nitty
gritty you gotta deal with those dirty
nitty-gritty people it's also that most
every scene in this movie is memorable
whether it's a two girls explaining the
the kidnappers to the police you just
looked funny funny how you know Bonnie
can you be any more specific it wasn't
circumsized of course if there's any
scene that defines this movie it's the
wood chipper seen and just oh so good
just so good horse above know what you
thought of the movie me know in the
comments down below if you have not seen
it watch it stop watching me watch this
movie or is there many ways to watch the
movie easiest way is to go to
netflix.com slash really DK is free
30-day trial of instant streaming movies
ah such a good time a good question to
you other than what do you thought of
this movie what is your favorite Steve
Buscemi movie i'll probably be in the
comments with you for a little bit i
think he's such a good actor I feel like
it's not really brought out and
boardwalk empire which is a series he's
a part of right now anyway of course
movies actual watching tonight is
districts nines be sure to watch that
movie if you have seen that movie where
you do watch it tonight you sure to send
in a video response of your review /
opinion of the movie things about the
movie and you may be included in
tomorrow's video but guys I'm gonna hop
off go do the the philip defranco show
just sweat some more in general but
maple i love your faces and i will see
you tomorrow I think best coen brothers
movie better than the big lebowski it's
just so well me and the thing that
really makes this movie the accents are
the people in Minnesota do people really
talk like that like other places in this
country that people actually talk like
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
really stop there are some scenes that
they just talk a lot some things that
seem like they have no place in the
movie but I think that is part of the
brilliance that is these column brother
films that you need this dialogue in
order to see the character development
see now I have that accent of air stuck
in my head yeah why she made me watch
that movie it was horrible nothing kappa
to know
it wasn't them to be honey yeah Frances
McDormand well deserved the academy
award for best actress that year she
doesn't outstanding job or acting could
not be replaced Steve Buscemi is putting
a wood chipper you don't do that to
steve buscemi Steve Buscemi's cool I'm
sorry but if if somebody breaks into my
house my hind the shower and then I
decide to run out of the shower and the
shower curtain is covering me I'm not
gonna keep running around screaming like
an idiot yeah guys thanks again for
watching this defranco nation movie club
video if you enjoyed it and you want to
join us be sure to subscribe to this
channel if you want to watch yesterday's
video click on this guy over here and of
course tomorrow's video is
