hello and welcome to day 18 of the
Franco movie club I mixed accents my
hair looks terrible better today of
course we are watching chaos theory if
you are new to the defranco nation movie
club welcome we watch a new movie every
day you can watch it pretty much
anywhere one of the easiest and most
reliable ways to do it is netflix.com
slash Philly do you use that URL get a
free month trial of netflix get to
stream movies on a bunch of different
devices it's a good time no commitment
just how I like my women so the movie
chaos theory this was more of a cult
recommendation by you guys but the movie
is described as thanks to a strict
regimen of timetables to-do list and
index cards efficiency expert Frank
Allen lives his life exactly how he
wants that is until his well-meaning
wife decides to set their clock back a
mere 10 minutes and suddenly Frank's
once safe and predictable life is
spinning dangerously out of control
which is the one thing he never bothered
to plan for oh well isn't that too
clever description reason I was I was
game for this recommendation is some of
you were very adamant about it but also
because Ryan Reynolds has a great set of
cult classics waiting just friends and
maybe chaos theory we will know soon I'm
gonna go watch the movie hopefully you
already watched the movie and we'll meet
back here after a 15 second trail what
if your line was completing an order
what time get through the house hey Tina
there's boat leaves eight o'clock there
are some rumors about Frank crazy sack I
need to shoot something tonight what do
you want done
huge and look back so right off the bat
one of the big after tastes is okay it's
not a see movie I think it's along the
lines of a b-movie but once again that
might be affected by my man crush on
Ryan Reynolds Ryan Reynolds is a
fantastic actor axwell and this movie a
lot of the acting in this movie is good
it's just kind of something we've seen a
lot of a lot of the same tools that the
premise is kind of interesting I am
gonna just spoil the movie right from
the get-go so yeah Ryan Reynolds
character he likes list and he's a big
fan of time paying attention to time and
so literally to the movie plays on a
moment where Brian's wife wants to just
fuck with them and so she's like I'm
gonna give him ten extra minutes so then
she puts the clock back 10 minutes and
then when she tells her husband he's
like oh my god bitch don't you
understand time you just made me lose 10
minutes she's like what what does time
he's a British our just make sandwich
and then he's late a lot of things
happen results in him having an attitude
change maybe I shouldn't care about time
and that means that I'm gonna hit on
this hot girl the chick from Scrubs
which I was a fan of seeing her in her
panties he doesn't have sex with Regis
look you can use my bathroom maybe
nothing will happen because women just
asked to use your restroom from time to
time even though there's one in the
lobby his wife ends up thinking he's
cheating blah whatever crazy fucking
plot the ends up getting a test realizes
that he can't actually have babies which
means don't owe his daughters not his
couldn't even possibly be his he thought
he knew because she was worried that's
all you need to know right no oh that
could be taken the wrong way so why does
it get a minus and not like an a there
are a lot of really good ideas but it's
like the best friend character I don't
give a fuck about that guy that guy I
was just like I don't want to see him
with the roses that I want him to be
like oh well be a party or I don't care
I don't care the way the movie was set
up you knew how it was gonna end up with
the most part and I was just like come
on if I didn't care about this movie
club i would fucking fast forward
through your scenes but what I do like
is that you realize a lot of things
you've probably realized this with me
with the past what 18 days the morals
and the emotion like in this movie
there's a moment where Ryan Reynolds
realizes you know I can't change who I
am I've been doing all these new crazy
things but it's not who i am i am who i
am i can try and do things but ninety
six percent of who we are it's gonna
stay the same like
talking about like alcoholism lightest
mean you can fight against it ultimately
lose that battle the faster you do
probably the better also forgiveness so
keeping in mind with forgiveness his
wife didn't really cheat on him she just
slept with his best friend a week before
she slept with him though she's classy
she was drunk at a party that's a better
story then I was thought a whore huh to
my first girlfriend said that whores
whores I can't hit the note right now
but it is a nice life tale that way I do
feel like Ryan Reynolds does have to
carry the movie though the guys of
course let me know what you thought
about the movie down below of course for
the next movie to watch send in video
responses of your review but Phil what
movie are we watching today tonight
whatever whenever you're watching this
video well today we're announcing the
next seven movies that we will be
watching they are picked by me some I
have seen some I just wanted to see and
the list goes lie so of course be sure
to watch the Monday movie tonight send
in your video responses opinion /
reviews might end up using it in one of
the videos of course thanks to you guys
who have joined the defranco nation
movie club using netflix calm / philly d
it of course gives you a month free
trial of instant stream movies and helps
us out over here so much love to you
guys and to our friends at Netflix Lutz
to next time which is tomorrow I love
your faces and I'll fuck
