katy perry watch hey what's up
hello and welcome to day 17 of the
defranco nation movie club if you have
not heard of the defranco nation movie
club new give this noob some information
for club where we watch a new movie
every day and we talk about if I talk
about I being ago its box it awesome
awesome we you were people of we are
pleased movie is the classic altar guys
I told you guys yesterday i watch this
movie when I was like 7 as my parents
are evil they don't really remember I
remember whose little girls on the way
TV that's it but if you are not familiar
the description of the movie poltergeist
is like this pleasant for the close-knit
Freeling family that's how you know
something's gonna go wrong until the
host of otherworldly forces invade their
peaceful suburban home and knew it for
its warming their house and waste
whirling supernatural slideshow good job
with a wordplay that's centered around
their angelic young daughter so that of
course is the setup it has a 3.7 star
average rating from viewers well it's
out of 2.4 million rating as you know I
just read that off the netflix pit
anyways i'm going to hop off the couch
and hop into a chair and watch
poltergeist and then you'll watch a 10
to 15 second trailer then we'll meet
back here oh la la Oh Yuri got a head
start we're kind of disturbances
heavens open his fingers in there with
my face
and we're back and you know what I am
surprised but I really liked I mean
regardless of being made in the eighties
the effects we're actually cool I didn't
go crazy hokey you know like one went
when I was talking about American
Werewolf in London I usually don't like
a lot of older movies because a lot of
older movies that are classics are
classics because they're actually just
he sent ish movies or there was
something like one thing that was cool
about it it's in 80s there was there's a
lot of shitty movies that being said
this movie even though it's like a
horribly awesome just go into the acting
kids are awesome I mean a teenager
whatever she's there for like three
minutes the parents super good hectic
and the effects I was actually surprised
how much I enjoy the effect cuz they do
do some over-the-top shit and the one
scene I could say kind of fucking cheesy
like it's same time don't know how you
would simulate was the face seems me
know what I'm talking about the facing
you want to ruin ever those in our
mouths were freshly was that his pace
turned to clay like in the Jesus story
no that's sands a pillar of sand and the
story was good Spielberg did a great job
with this movie a little lady the play
is a spiritual guy awesome I really I
know that I've been just talking about
the acting but it's it's a movie in the
80s where everyone's a kind of decent
actor I just feel like that's rare
especially in this genre and also love
any any supernatural thing that doesn't
go into religion one thing that
definitely stands out to me in this
movie is the family cuz you do have this
family and they actually work as a you
and something that's a little alien for
me but I looked at and like you see this
family in crisis in there they're
freaking out but the freaking out
together and they're willing to do
anything I imagine you know if I if I
had a kid I would walk through that
light ultimately it comes down to should
you watch it yes because if you haven't
seen it just to see what a good whore
moving the 80s looked like because once
again actually I noticed that most the
people that said they didn't like it for
stupid reason like the parents smoking
pot really was because that was so
risque in the eighties and if you have
seen it again this is just a movie that
you should watch again I like if you
have a bookie leg read that book again
what you don't read re i forgot my damn
a graphic yeah we're not all stupid why
do you all have the same voice yes
ultimate review watch of course remember
two nights we watch the last movie you
guys recommend a sphere and in the video
tomorrow i'll review that movie and more
importantly i will announce the next
seven movies were watching but this time
i'm picking of course if you're
interested in joining the defranco
nation movie club be too easy
things to do scribe to this channel that
we are always kept up to date with new
videos and secondly there are tons of
ways to watch the video as many
different ways to do it in many
different countries but the easiest way
to do it if it is available to you is to
use netflix calm / LED 40 free month
trial of instant streaming movies to
most every device that has no i don't i
forgot the slogan that i just made up in
my head 10 seconds ago anyways let me
know what you thought about the movie
down below of course so next time I love
your faces and I will see you tomorrow
holter guys right off the bat I just
want to say that this movie was nowhere
near as creepy i remember being my
little kid but I mean that makes sense I
was peeing all over my couch and calling
my dad at two in the morning complaining
at the tree outside my window was
staring at me menacingly for the past
hour and a half I think we might have a
problem if you have epilepsy adore I
don't recommend watch this cuz of TVs I
didn't is it all the time the first
major thing to go said was broke the
kids cup and twisted his eating utensils
just I don't know if the ghost wants him
to have like an eating disorder or what
and who buys a creepy ass clown for the
little boy yeah nothing scared me I'm
third and children are fucking creepy
okay they're here this is the first time
I'm seeing the movie and I get that's a
classic when the action starts pretty ok
good for like a horror movie that came
out in the 80s but beyond that there's
some slow parts are just really really
really really fucking boring alright I
have turned the lights on I can't watch
this in the dark I was I was gonna try
but I just can't do it I watched it
alone and in the dark so they were at
there were actually some parts where I
sort of jumped in got a little scared
but I think that had more new this sound
editing there was some great sound
editing on this movie the acting was
surprisingly really good for a Martha
more than just for our film it was just
really good it was really natural you
should check it out it's a good film
it's well-made guys thanks again for
watching this to Franco nation movie
club video if you enjoyed it and you
want to join us be sure to subscribe to
this channel you want to watch
yesterday's video click on this guy over
here and of course tomorrow's video is
