welcome to day 16 of the defranco nation
movie club if you are new to the
defranco nation movie club everyone gets
naked here star and I'll explain all the
movie club has nothing to do with being
naked always fine that it makes
everything else more enjoyable movie
club of course is where we watch a new
movie every day for 30 days we come back
here and talk about what we loved and
hated about now today's movie is a
literal Korean film by the name of olds
boy of course there are tons of way to
watch this movie but the easiest way to
do it is with her friends at netflix.com
slash philly d use that URL get a month
free trial of streaming movies such as
old boy but enough of that blah blah
blah let's talk about old boy movie is
described as with no clue how he came to
be in prison drugged and tortured for 15
years and no one to hold accountable for
his suffering a desperate business man
seeks revenge on his captor relying on
assistance from a friendly waitress ran
director chadwick par a former
philosophy student a Hitchcock devotee
uses his influences to create a
mesmerizing psychological drama with a
resolution that will leave you
speechless 3.8 stars that's the average
rating us I'm gonna go watch the Z movie
and I'll meet you right back here after
you watch this 10 second trailer
holy awesome yes nation you've gained my
trust again this movie is incredible
definitely seen ly a lot of you guys
were recommending it if you do have the
option definitely watch korean version
with english subtitles rather than the
english dubbed version the dubbed
version not going to ruin the movie for
you it's definitely helpful I don't even
want to go into a lot of the plot mainly
cuz I just I don't want to ruin the
movie for you because they were like
several times in the movie where I was
like oh it's gonna end like this oh this
is gonna happen oh it's that no really
really I have not been shot by a movie
like this before so let's break it down
sound awesome especially during a lot of
the fight scenes really just sets like
this really cool move acting like i said
english subtitle version you can
actually feel the emotion really good
story oh my god when the coolest things
is actually the way it's shot one of the
biggest examples is of the big bite seen
one of the big fight scene i just love
when they just they stick to one shot
and they just let it just let it happen
and aha blindsided I was blindsided but
without Sandra Bullock in a big black
man it's less enjoyable that's weird I
don't even know what that means I mean
I'm gay I don't know I without a shadow
of a doubt recommend this movie because
it's amazing may not be in your top 10
movie but if you honestly see what's
coming and it actually happened you get
points you get like 12 DeFranco points I
don't know what you can exchange that
for either a toothpick or a subscribe
pillow maybe I don't know see this move
which of course brings up the thing that
allows us to get thai girls to massage
Maddie maybe we should actually include
video of that yes genius if you would
like to watch this movie there are
plenty of ways to do it the most easy
and reliable way to do it of course our
friends at Netflix which if you go to
netflix.com slash villa de get a month
free trial of instant streaming movies
to almost every device except toaster
that would make sense cannot say I can't
say it too much how much I appreciate
you guys giving me this movie after an
American Werewolf in London of course
we're going down a little different Road
tonight well your move a homework
assignment is a classic poltergeist
thing as this movie came out before I
was alive not by much as I'm old and I
want you when I was little but I really
don't remember it so it essentially be
like me watching it for the first time
tonight if you've already seen the movie
i definitely recommend you watch it
again just because how you perceive a
movie can be a lot different when you're
older I know that I hate some movies I
used to love anyways yes I'm gonna go a
sweat in a room and maybe put in a cup
and throw it at someone because I think
that would be fun other than that love
your faces and I
see you tomorrow god i fucking move my
hand too much oh boy and i bought this
movie because it is awesome where do i
begin them how much i love this movie i
think the action choreography is my
favorite part of this movie last night i
watched old boy and uh oh what what what
was that the movie was really weird it
was just so so weird the the
cinematography was really good at in it
was really interesting to watch visually
but storyline wise and acting wise I
just didn't really buy it if I was
trapped in a room for 15 years I
wouldn't feel like oh let's go r if
people see that I'd be like I want to go
to a Denny's it's just masterpiece
camera work is great performances great
everything you just read about it I must
see why the heck do they get John Wayne
to do voiceover I don't get it sounds
like an old country boy doing this man's
marriage by far the best part of the
whole movie is that fight scene where it
becomes like a side-scroller video game
and he just beats the shit out of
everyone and said so it's so awesome I
love these characters I love the
antagonist and the protagonist I love
hard I give it a thumbs up I'd recommend
watching it twice because you see the
twisting fold is kind of like watching
fight club the second time and finding
out about Tyler dotage my first
impression in the beginning of the movie
was oh this is just gonna be another
revenge movie and then by the end it was
a what the fuck Korean any lesson that
can be learned from this movie asian
girls doesn't matter who they are if you
make your advance as persistently enough
and violently enough eventually they'll
let you put your dick in their mouth
guys thanks again for watching this to
Franco nation movie club video if you
enjoyed it and you want to join us be
sure to subscribe to this channel you
want to watch yesterday's video click on
this guy over here and of course
tomorrow's video is
