hello and welcome to day 15 of the
defranco nation movie club if you're new
welcome to Franco nation movie club is
where we watch a new movie every day
during a 30-day trial where day 15
halfway through the movie we're going to
talk about today is considered a classic
and it is an american werewolf in london
now of course there are tons of ways to
watch movies i'm not saying any one way
is better one of the easiest ways for
you guys join in is of course to sign up
to netflix.com slash philly d you get a
free month trial of instant streaming
movies to any and all devices hostess no
no its you know devices that make sense
that it's available own anyway like I
said watching an American Werewolf in
London which is described as John Landis
writes and directs this bloody yet black
humour injected thriller that tells the
story of an American backpacker David
Wow after surviving a vicious werewolf
attack that left his friend Jack dead
becomes a murderous werewolf himself
prowling the streets of London David
learns that his living dead victims were
wandering limbo until he is dead anyways
give me a better idea the movie because
I know my words mean nothing here's 15
second trip I heard that lunatic must
have been a very first not personal
lunatic oh he's serious would you and
now everything is changing
and we're back now like I told you guys
few days ago I've been sick first it was
a fever now it's wrong kindness is why
I've been coughing so much so I was in a
shitty mood when I watch this movie so
maybe that play to roll it I could not
stand this movie for the first 55 60
minutes like the beginning of the movie
it starts off pretty interesting when
they kill off the one backpacker that
could act a guy that survives goes from
like why did my friend Ruth die like
banging a nurse scary cuts in the
beginning of pace terribly but i will
say i understand it is a horror movie so
acting isn't always up there and the
music may not be the best the reason i
say i hated this movie for the first 55
60 minutes is that when David finally
does transform into the werewolf it's
awesome because this movie was made in
1981 and they were able to do that and
make it look that cool as impressed and
it turns into this weird like dark humor
like the people he's killed or like
guilting him except this one couple
that's just happy they're always happy I
like them but it doesn't even become
like a moral story like he's like David
you have to kill yourself and he's like
thinking about it you're like oh it's
gonna be a mud it's gonna be a moral
story no he's turns into a werewolf
feels like a hundred more people and
then the police shoot him and you're
like well fuck good for him that would
except for everyone if he didn't die
what a selfish douchebag one thing I
wonder is if this movie is considered a
classic because of the prosthetic work
because of the transformation and the
werewolf scene because I am one of those
people that I i hated the original tron
movie but i understand when it first
came out that much been amazing like all
that CGI that's amazing but overall i'm
gonna say Matt to your pick for today
I'm gonna start keeping the name of the
person who recommends a movie because I
can't see who thumbs up and thumbs down
stuff and just so I can praise or like
hate that person but tomorrow we're
watching movie I'm very excited about
currently I'm the only person that's not
seen this movie which is weird because
it's actually a a Japanese movie I
believe I want to say that dubbed into
English it's a movie by the name of old
boy they apparently out of all my friend
I'm the only person that hasn't seen so
I'm gonna watch that tonight of course
if you haven't seen it watch tonight as
well and then send in your video
responses of your views / opinions on
the movie member after old boy we have
poltergeist and then chaos theory and
then begins the week that I choose the
movies and so it'll be fun to share that
and chat about those guys anyways I love
your faces I'm gonna go to the minute
get my antibiotic on and of course we
always understand there are many ways to
watch the movies that we are talking
about but I appreciate those of you that
sign up to netflix.com slash really be
and watch the movies there because it
helps us I Thai girls just to stand
there I was just trying to figure out if
that was more misogynistic or racist no
oh and I'll see you tomorrow the reason
I really like this film is because it
puts a new twist on the werewolf legend
the people killed by werewolves aren't
necessarily dead and gone or spirit kind
of lingers i watch the werewolf in
london so like watching the first part
of thriller and then stopping at the
part that movie in the video did I give
it a yawn er it blew chunks next step
the thing about this movie is I really
didn't like it except for the ending I
liked the end the editing for its time
was amazing Oh like when you do finally
see that transformation it's so real
you're trying to tell him how to kill
himself was absolutely hilarious the
crazy couple sitting there just like you
could put a gun in your mouth didn't
think it'd be very quick just just point
it stretches your head it was kind of
like excited it's a cult hit but then
again i watch the film DeFranco show and
I should know by now that Colts are
stupid look at the Westboro Baptist
Church I mean come on man in 1981
healthcare was so much better the nurses
sitting there reading the book next to
his bed the doctors always in there
talking to him nowadays his ass would
have been discharged like day one all
you got is a scratch on your face give
the hell out the very end they just cut
out what would have been the most
emotional part of the movie to just
comedy music this is either a great
episode of scooby-doo a bad episode of
fringe or a good episode of the x-files
guys thanks again for watching this
defranco nation movie club video if you
enjoyed it and you want to join us be
sure to subscribe to this channel you
want to watch yesterday's video click on
this guy over here and of course
tomorrow's video is
