I'm an older woman and I think my
husband's cheating on me so I want you
to try to do
I'm a sexy younger woman and I'll seduce
your husband but I really find you
you sexy to you now let's make up
o days being spent on getting girls to
kiss such a hard life I live hello and
welcome to day 14 of the defranco nation
movie club as you can tell from the
beginning of today's video we are
watching Chloe
once again this movie that got mixed
reviews but was still highly recommended
by you guys as of course this week we
are still choosing movies to watch based
on what you guys are recommending in the
comments down below and the description
of the movie Chloe is suspecting her
husband David of infidelity dr.
Catherine hire sexy escort Chloe to
seduce him and test his faithfulness but
as Catherine checks in on Chloe's
encounters with David Chloe's report
becomes increasingly lurid soon the
relationships between all three
intensifying and unexpected way renowned
filmmaker Tom a Goya on directs the
psychological drama so it seems
interesting may be at least just sexy
and I'm gonna watch it here on my
handy-dandy laptop of course the easiest
way to watch any of the movies that we
talk about and watch on a daily basis is
to go to netflix.com slash freely d sign
up using that URL you'll get a free
month trial of just instant streaming
movies blabbity blah blah blah so while
I watch this movie here's a 15 second
trailer usually me with my couples yes
but single woman think my husband would
like you
this business transaction which is what
this boys
we're back Chloe's an interesting movie
I mean right off the bat I'd say I'd
give the movie like a C it's nothing
special it's just it's just a kind of a
movie talking about you know people's
insecurities and what happens when
you're insecure about things and in this
video I'm not even scared to spoil the
movie for you because it's so easy to
see what exactly is happening the entire
time you're like this is gonna happen
this is gonna happen this is gonna
happen and it just fucking dominoes I'm
starting to think that maybe 80% of you
terrible choice of movies that being
said very sexy movie mainly due to the
fact that I want to do terrible things
to Amanda Seyfried ever since I first
saw her on Big Love just ah so let's
break it down Julianne Moore thinks Liam
Neeson is cheating on her because Liam
Neeson is fucking badass and ladies love
him also he's kind of flirt and Julianne
Moore looks old
so Amanda Seyfried keeps reporting back
to Julianne Moore about how you know she
flirted with him and how she eventually
like kissed him and jerked him off and
slept with him but what big spoiler here
click here if you don't want to hear it
amanda seyfried 'he's been lying the
entire time and she hasn't been seducing
her husband she's just been taking her
money and talking to Julianne Moore
because she's infatuated with her and
then it leads up to the weirdest /
sexiest scene where Amanda Seyfried and
Julianne Moore have sex and I know for
some of you you're like that's not sex
there's no penetration
I came so someone was having sex that's
terrible it's terrible
then Julianne Moore is all like we
shouldn't be scissoring I'm cheating on
my husband then she finds out the
Khloe's lying the entire time about
having sex with her husband Ben Liam
Neeson's all out who you beat Namit with
oh it's a younger girl okay well I'm
gonna go to work and I'll be back but
it's all cool then Amanda Seyfried has
sex with Julianne Moore son which let's
be honest Amanda Seyfried randomly sure
of your Alison was like I want to ride
your dick you'd be like okay well that's
cool oh yeah I know my mom's beds up
here oh yeah look at her picture while
you're riding me this is totally fine
with me and done in 12 seconds then of
course because amanda seyfried is
batshit crazy in this movie she kills
herself because she knows that she'll
never be able to have Julianne Moore
it's like Romeo and Juliet no it's not
not at all is it anything like that
movie so ultimately like I said at the
beginning of this review it is AC movie
and not something I would heavily
recommend but you can skip like 50
minutes in or wherever it is in the
movie and launch Amanda Seyfried go to
town on Julie
more and it's not like a pervy thing I
just like shakes touching each other
that's why I like black swans with my
favorite movies it's a great movie Mila
Kunis going down on Natalie Portman
that's just--that's anyway that's a
tangent of course guys let me know what
you thought of the movie Chloe down
below in the comments and while you're
already down there you can recommend
movies that you'd like us to watch in
the upcoming weeks as well as send in
video responses slash reviews slash
opinions of tomorrow's movie which is an
American Werewolf in London many people
consider it a classic I watched it
yesterday while I had a 100 2.4 degree
temperature so at one point I actually
thought it was a werewolf which was
weird
so of course send in video responses for
that in closing I love your faces of
course if you want to join the defranco
nation movie club all you have to do is
subscribe to this channel and watch
movies along with us anyway you can of
course one of the easiest ways is
netflix.com slash philly be real free
month trial of instant streaming movies
or you can get dvd's sent to your house
as well and did I mention I still love
your face I'll see you tomorrow
this movie starts off and pretty much
the best possible way that it can know
I'm talking about that's right boobies
the movie starts out over time with
strippers and female orgasms
we just really gets me interested right
there um I mean you know hot sex and
movie menace I friend I know you'll like
it Google that shit about she is hot
Souls a dude like that because it was
like lesbianism going on with a man to
steak frite now one lady I'm like that's
hot
you have to really earn a sex scene for
it to be important like in the kids are
right but in this situation it doesn't
really mean anything and going to see a
movie for a sex scene is like going to
see a movie for an explosion that
doesn't really mean anything out of
context and be like going to see the
Dark Knight just to see the part where
the hospital blows up first thing I have
to say about Chloe
is that it is not a movie to see with
your grandma where the sex scenes were
awesome the rest of this movie however
was not awesome
god I just the whole thing was
predictable and just kind of stupid it's
not a psychological drama it's just a
hot people filled sexy hot hot hot drop
I love the casting for this movie of the
people that were chosen were so perfect
I loved Julia Stiles
liam neeson they have all been in
amazing movies and then you watch this
and you're like why are they in there it
was definitely really really twisted and
kept me guessing what was gonna happen
next like I figured I knew what would
happen but then it was told as a
complete opposite and then as soon as he
said who was that girl I went what oh
man that's not a good movie ending I
mean really really really like it was
like an hour and 15 minutes of build-up
for like five minutes of ending like
it's over boom done guys thanks again
for watching this - franco nation movie
club video if you enjoyed it and you
want to join us
be sure to subscribe to this channel if
you want to watch yesterday's video
click on this guy over here and of
course tomorrow's video is
