hello and welcome to lucky day 13 of the
defranco nation movie club of course the
thing that we're doing currently where
we're watching a new movie every day
there of course a variety of ways but
the easiest way to watch ninety-five
percent of the movies that we are
watching is to go to netflix.com slash
philly d get your free month trial and
most of the movies we are doing are
available for instant streaming or you
can get disc sent to you lucky day 13
we're gonna watch cocaine cowboys it's
our second documentary since we started
the club and here is a brief synopsis of
the movie this penetrating documentary
from director Billy Corben pulls out all
the stops to explore the many dimensions
of Miami's cocaine trafficking boom of
the 1980s as told by the smugglers hops
and average citizens who were there at
the time the film is an unflinching
study of Miami's most notorious and
lethal vice from how the drug was moved
and its financial impact on the city to
the havoc and violence that followed in
its wake and I'm actually really excited
to watch this movie mainly because you
guys been raving about this movie I saw
there's a sequel so this as well which I
thought was weird for a documentary but
i'm gonna let out on this this comfy
couch and watch this movie for the next
two hours and then we'll have a chat
about it in the meantime he's a 15
second trailer shotguns susie handguns
it was the beginning of a war you have
five people killed here three people
killed here mass murder Miami was the
most dangerous place on earth holding
the cocaine Cowboys they call them the
cocaine Cowboys cocaine cowboy
well back okay so cocaine Cowboys is
actually a fantastic documentary and of
course the thing that makes a
documentary good is that the content is
something that you kind of knew about or
is just really interesting and it
definitely covers something that I had
no idea about and that was cook the
cocaine trade of the 1980s they started
off with the guys that were transporting
it and how much money they were making
and how their lifestyles change and how
it affected the people around them in
the darker side of that world of the
cocaine Wars where the Colombians and
the Cubans would mow each other down
with like machine guns at parks or
wherever and the murder rate was just
out of this world essentially
discovering the real life stuff that
inspired like Miami Vice and Scarface so
the easy one two punch review awesome
definitely check it out it's super
interesting and the two hours kind of
just flew by I think one of the weirdest
parts of the movie is when they start
interviewing this guy reavy was the
godmothers enforcer and he's just this
this weird kind of guy that likes to
brag about how he would kill people but
you could see that he would have like a
different side to him every now and then
we're like you would refuse to kill kids
he killed them at other times and it
ultimately brings up the the moral /
life lesson you live by the sword you
die by the sword and of course greed
conquers all because if you looked at
like when the cocaine trade started it
was just a cash money business yeah
people died here and there people got
busted here and there but things didn't
get out of hand until people started
killing each other because they wanted
more and that's human nature always to
want more human beings thrive on
competition but there's a whole
different level when you have people
like the godmother who like take
pleasure and killing people and another
thing it brought up is that everyone
does have a price there are tons of
regular people that were involved with a
drug trade because you know they just
stored some coke in their house someone
pick it up they didn't have to do
anything and they get a few hundred
thousand they like that money so then
they look out for you stall really
interesting stuff it's funny how the
world changes but guys of course I'd
love to know what you think about this
movie let me know in a comment down
below or let me know in the comments
down below what movie you want us to
watch next I know it's not the best
system and we're currently developing
some ways you can recommend some movies
in a non clunky way so its of course all
these movies that we've been watching
are the ones that you guys have been
recommending though I think next week
after we're done with these seven movies
I'm gonna have a week where i rewatch
some of my favorite movie if you guys
watch it and then you tell me if you
like I'm here that's what we're gonna do
after the sunday of course net movie was
supposed to watch is
Chloe starring amanda seyfried and other
people that she supposedly kisses kind
of excited about this movie cause it
looked it just looks sexy Oh know if
it's just looks sexy because of amanda
seyfried slips but I'm very excited that
you guys recommended this movie of
course after you watch Chloe send in
your opinion / reviews as video
responses to this video and you may show
up in tomorrow's video but guys that is
everything for today of course if you
want to join the defranco nation movie
club the two things you have to do of
course it's just subscribe to this
channel and one of the easiest ways to
watch a ninety-five percent of the
movies that we watch is go to
netflix.com slash philly d oh you'll
free month trial it's a good time but
anyways till tomorrow I love your faces
and thank you for all the well wishes I
feel like I'm starting to finally break
my fever so maybe I won't look like ass
anymore soonish yay is a documentary I
know I was caught off guard too I was
like who this sort of sounds like Miami
Vice there were times when my brain just
needed a break and I had to click the
pause button overall this movie hmm it
really is amazing about all these things
that go on that you don't really think
go on the amount of involvement that
these people have in this drug train is
astounding it's just amazing how much
raw violence can be extrapolated from
this need we have as a culture to not be
sober you gotta say i love the pacing of
this moving so fast pace and there's so
many visuals just flying through the
screen and so much information going in
and out of one year that all you want to
do is sit back and absorb it looks
solution this is kind of like a
real-life version of blow the mass
murders the drug wars the the fact that
they would be pulling over cars with
like seven or eight automatic rifles in
them and the corruption of the police
and it's just it was a really
interesting document in the words of
someone far wiser than I am stay off the
crack and drink a chocolate milk good
guys thanks again for watching this
defranco nation movie club video if you
enjoyed it and you want to join us be
sure to subscribe to this channel you
want to watch yesterday's video click on
this guy over here and of course
tomorrow's video is
