well we got a big day today such a big
day so it's a big day that's going on
you know what today is
still yeah like that where you got to do
a lot of stuff that we tweeted about the
streaming today day do you know what
things were doing today Phil Toys R Us
know that I am going to that location
yeah and then I call pit all right
margarita machine boom and I think
that's it that's all today Phil perfect
well now get it out hopefully I won't
get another noise complaint you've got a
noise complaint that is some child we
found them oh hey Phil what up how are
you today so good a lot going on today
Phil ball pit
yeah something else margarita machine
that that sounds white trashy and
fantastic alcohol just like that just
over the not like over a few episodes
you're gonna see it just slowly go down
you're gonna be like how many bad days
worth oh yeah Phil so we're just
fulfilling all the retweet action I'm so
glad that we did that for the wind that
we didn't get and yeah then Toys R Us
Ville still got to do that it's gonna be
coming I don't know if there's a Toys R
Us out in the world that doesn't look
like someone probably gets murdered in
the parking lot they're doing like drug
deals inside it meaning nobody with no
one would know nobody even knows no no
one's ever been arrested in a Toys R Us
because no one goes inside of them yeah
why were they going bankrupt
alright Phil can you crazy today we're
gonna start setting up everything and
we're just gonna party today I hope
you're okay with that I'm just here for
the show yeah I'm probably in Bali right
now no that Bali in a week is it nice
and Bali right now yeah have you had a
great time so far it's beautiful gun
massages oh it's good women waters
deserve it here's the thing I want to
know are you guys gonna stop working out
cuz how you guys every time like Jess
and you pop up in my Instagram timeline
it's always about that Bali body Morgan
oh yeah I don't know we got to figure it
out hopefully they have gyms where we're
going to your body issues Joe be honest
cuz you you you're looking like a good
solid guy Thanks and but then the way
you talk about yourself you sound like
you hear like a teenager with body
dysmorphia I've always served with my
height Phil not gonna lie that's why I
was trying to get why you are down but
like you guys talk about diets and Bali
body but I know that you can do my
handstand push-ups oh yeah I could do no
legged why do you hate cuz I'm sword
Phil cuz I'm
sort it's always bother to me and my
real last name sucks I'm so I'm so I'm
so glad that like 30% of this channel
our hike joke right I feel I feel like
we're just we're like click money
everybody I understand I've been picked
on by my height since middle school Phil
it's okay how are you that not the same
height but everybody else is still
taller
all right bill let's get the day go
let's go
I was gone what are you doing there's
gonna be the ball pit we're filling up a
room we're gonna pull there's no tool
let me just let people
oh is it Brian I like that you guys put
this dream header in and it it's it's
hard like it's gonna hurt more win on
this path I was the ball pit I feel like
I'm back in McDonald's and I haven't
made years old was this off did I hurt
you yeah my feelings hurt to cushion the
blow of losing this Raymond I don't care
this is really comfortable
bring the computer over here I'll just
start ending from the ball you're gonna
jump in am i gonna jump yeah why is the
thing to learn when you get in the ball
pit to use your phone
let me outta here
Jones you're trying to going everyone
else did
weird bumping
we're saving the ghosts
oh you throw a ball at Joe well throw
you let's throw with your left hand
Coby
just
No
what do you think about that James
editor is here today it's kind of late
yeah I see him show up I don't think
he's lazy I'm just not sure where he is
did he go to lunch or something
Roberts third world yes he's always
always third lunch yeah I don't get that
very much great neither do I let's go
get
