hello internet and welcome to day 12 nah
feeling better as you can tell a 12 of
the defranco nation movie club a club
where we we watch a new movie every day
some classics some cult hit some stuff
I've just never heard of course a lot of
us are using many different methods the
easiest way to get your one month free
trial is at a netflix.com slash really
the most like ninety-five percent of the
movie as we cover are available
instantly to strain and if it's not
we'll let you know ahead of time so you
can actually order those dvd's gets here
cuz it's pretty fast so the day 12 movie
today is mr. 18 movies were watching
this week are of course chosen by you
guys you've been spamming mystery team
of course mainly known because it's
starring Derek's comedy the YouTube
sketch sensations from like three years
ago the main one you probably know is
Donald Glover who of course was like the
main one in the group was right around
the NBC show 30 rock and of course is on
community now it's that time to read the
description of mystery team at age seven
make sized sleuths Jason Duncan and
Charlie solved all manner of kitty
mysteries in oakdale now at 18 mystery
team is about to leave their
encyclopedia brown style tactics in the
dust and solved their latest case a real
murder high jinks ensue I didn't know
high jinks was two words now I know high
jinks ensue in this goofy bass bass
caper comedy written by and starring
Donald Glover DC Pierson and uh make New
York the film premiered at 2009 Sundance
Film Festival know i've heard mixed
reviews going into this movie I try not
to see them but you know in the comments
you see a lot of stuff you don't want to
see but about to watch the movie and
we'll see how it goes in the meantime
here's a 15 second trailer are we not
just taking off clothes a murderer
shoved a gun in my face I know and I
appreciate that
through dead bodies that's my limit I'm
finishing this case
and we're back ha ha ha so the mystery
team is a very weird comedy most of it
on purpose some of it not on purpose of
course you have the Derrick's comedy
guys and a few comedians you might have
seen if you watch Comedy Central
Presents and it's funny yet but it's
hard to review this movie I'm not even
gonna go into like what happens during
the story like it has serious stuff
mixed in with like what the fuck stuff
and I've never hated and loved a movie
so much I'll be staring at the screen
going like what is happening this is
retarded and then the next second I just
be laughing my ass off so I guess it
kind of places that Derek's comedy thing
it has a theme a story that goes across
the entire movie but it's not funny the
entire movie I mean if heels like a
bunch of skips strung together with the
same storyline and only some of those
skits are really funny when they're
funny they're funny so should you watch
this movie if you haven't already maybe
i'm not saying smoke marijuana i'm just
saying it might be a lot more enjoyable
if you were on that's terrible I don't
condone that except privately fun lover
is definitely the funniest of a bunch
the guy who plays the strong kid
definitely given the weakest lines / not
the best delivery so if you're a fan of
Derek's comedy watch it if you're like I
don't want to watch that movie I feel
like it'll be a waste of time just watch
some derrick comedy sketches but I kind
of agree with the 3.3 stars that netflix
has given it also very fun fact the
defranco nation movie club has actually
started affecting what it recommends for
other people to watch for apparel eat
eat and the human centipede have been
showing up in people's queues in
different co nation movie club people
have had to inform their friends then
where the weird bunch that is making
that sense it now you know guys of
course today make sure to watch cocaine
cowboys the documentary about what
cocaine I don't think it's about cowboys
but it's been heavily pushed by you guys
so i'll be sure to check it out tonight
of course there are many ways to watch
the movie but the easiest is probably
netflix.com slash really d if you sign
up like thousands have in the franco
nation movie club you get a free month
trial instant streaming movies and
what's better than free asian girl but
it's easily a close second but till
tomorrow's video i love your faces and
i'll see you tomorrow the mystery t bro
did you fuck this up right if you like
step brothers you'll like this movie
like a scooby-doo gone rated R kind of
thing you have your couple of virgins
here you're just watching iberian site
for the first time you're letting them
spread their wings and you see them fly
into the atmosphere where they soon
combust because butterflies can't go
ahead high up
atmosphere though that it's simple facts
this type of comedy I just go well
whatever it was an okay movie it
wouldn't be one then I'd particularly
own or go to the movies to see rubber
roof they all started off in this movie
and now they're all on major NBC shows
kudos to them from becoming so
successful from just like small comedy
film guys thanks again for watching this
defranco nation movie club video if you
enjoyed it and you want to join us be
sure to subscribe to this channel you
want to watch yesterday's video click on
this guy over here and of course
tomorrow's video is
