hello and welcome to day 11 of the
defranco nation movie club we are one
third of the way done with our tests but
it is not too late to join and obviously
in bed sick I've been sick for two days
my fevers finally breaking and I did not
want to miss a day because I know you
guys are assholes and you'd be like oh
you missed a day I but like I only had
one leg I got hit by a car like you
could do you make videos with your legs
very very mean bunch the defranco nation
movie club but it is day 10 we watched a
black snake moan which of course you
either watched any other way or you
joined in netflix.com slash led you use
that URL you can get 30 days free trial
of netflix instant streaming and get
DVDs sent to your house like yeah you
had to do yesterday was for the prestige
la la which you might not even seen that
video because it was very late thanks to
things that I could not control so if
you haven't seen that be sure to click
the annotation check that out but let's
jump into black snake moan today which
of course star samuel l jackson
christina ricci and oddly enough justin
timberlake i didn't know he was in this
movie but uh there's Lindsay she's
bringing me a sandwich because she's
awesome so this movie is ultimately
about friendships and what people can
overcome but so samuel l jackson is a
black men in the south which means of
course he's either a pimp a religious
man or a rapper this is a movie so he
has to be one of those three things in
this movie is a he's a big religious man
his wife just left him for his brother
which is all sorts of fucked up then
christina ricci sex addict hot hot hot
haha ah sounds just grunts explain how
hot we're seeing to reach it but she's a
big sex addict and say and justin
timberlake is her boyfriend who has an
anxiety disorder and he's going to the
military so you're like oh my god I
wonder what's gonna happen well movie
opens up Justin Timberlake's given it to
Christina Ricci the first 20 minutes is
almost just Christina Ricci having sex
with random dudes because you're like
Justin Timberlake leaves feel like I
wonder if she's gonna cheat on doesn't
even give you time to wonder she's just
getting pounded by everyone everywhere
and so that happens until Justin
Timberlake's best friend gives her a
ride home and he's like you're a slut
she's
I can't help it and then he's like I'm
on making my slut and then she laughs at
a small penis then through small penis
anger he beats the shit out of her and
you know then you have a half beaten
dead white girl or almost dead white
girl at the end of samuel l jackson road
which he finds her and he's like oh my
god I gotta get help which I if I was a
black man in the cell half half beaten
almost dead white girl in my driveway I
would bury her it's the south they're
gonna say you did it she's gonna be like
I don't know and the black oh it's okay
ma'am it was the black guy yeah I would
be I would I would bury her the movie
would be over 25 minutes in Christina
Ricci has sex she does then I can go
watch another movie that has better
content and I'm not saying this movie's
bad it's just you know you get the setup
she gets tied up what she actually does
like for the movie she were she wore a
40-pound chain around her body ah so hot
that's him that's the main thing I got
out of this movie because he's like I'm
all makes you of your ways and then
she's like a sucky oh dear like that's
that's like 40 minutes of the movie
until she realizes like oh I can respect
myself and I can overcome this and then
Justin Timberlake comes back because he
is an anxiety disorder so they they
discharged him because you know he would
start shaking when they were gone there
was gunfire not that a good soldier does
not make a and he comes back and any
things that she's bangin samuel l
jackson and then she you know a lot of
stuff happens blah blah then it comes
down the end of the movie the end of the
movie Christina Ricci and Justin
Timberlake get married because that's
how you fix a fucked up situation you
get married then everything gets better
right and and then like the last scene
is literally Justin Timberlake having
having an anxiety attack Christina Ricci
starts like needing some D then she
comes down and she hugged Justin
Timberlake and you're like okay so
people can overcome problems kind of as
long as they have a good support system
or they're just gonna fail eventually
and I don't know I didn't get a lot out
of the movie other than a happy because
it christina ricci but i would say
definitely it's something that you would
watch midday and
yeah but that's my opinion if you have
the same opinion or a different opinion
let me know in the comments down below
as well as lettin letta let us know what
movies we should watch but because it is
a sunday video we will announce the next
seven movies that we will watch in
Monday through Sunday order starting
with a mystery team followed by cocaine
cowboys then Chloe then an american
werewolf in london then old boy followed
by poltergeist and then finally chaos
theory with uh you know if I was gay
boyfriend Ryan Reynolds so that are that
are oh my god I'm so fucking tired
that's the other the next seven movies
for next week you know I I definitely
try and watch one movie a day unless
it's a lazy Sunday which case maybe a
maybe a catch up but mystery team is the
movie for tomorrow so if you watch movie
today be sure to watch that send in
video responses which will be included
the only reason they're not included
today is because I am too lazy and tired
and I'm probably going to pass out here
in another 20 minutes but main things to
to join our movie club all you have to
do is subscribe and the easiest way to
watch movies that we watch of course get
your free 30-day free 30-day trial at
netflix.com slash really d main point
guys I love your faces I'm gonna go get
sleep and hopefully you can forgive the
terrible video quality I know you're
gonna hold it against me but for some of
you that would be ok ladies who are over
18 and also attractive and also know how
to keep secrets ah oh my girlfriends and
I hurt me now
