hello and welcome to day 9 of the
defranco nation movie club today yes I
know I'm wearing the same clothes as
yesterday it's discussing it is a
laundry day I just lied no it's not I'm
just disgusting and today we're going to
watch the movie The Prestige because if
you are not familiar with the defranco
nation movie club you are trying to
watch a new movie a day for 30 days you
knew that a ton of waste by the easiest
way that we're trying to do it is I sign
up via netflix.com/phillyd e you get 3
30 days of instant streaming movies get
DVDs esencia as a good time and the
reason the prestige is interesting is
because it's another Christopher Nolan
movie which is the second in the first
string of movies you guys are addicts
we've also turned me into a very big
Christopher Nolan fan last movie we
watched from him of course was memento
and the description of the movie is at
the dawn of the 20th century rival
magicians Robert danger Hugh Jackman
tour welcome ladies and Alfred Borden
Christian Bale yeah endeavor to reveal
each other's secrets obsessed by the
escalating competition the two
illusionist again to perform
increasingly risky tricks which soon
turned deadly Michael Kay and Scarlett
Johansson and David Bowie also star on
the taunt psychological thriller from
director of Christopher Nolan so it
sounds good my DVDs arrived in the mail
yesterday so that's how I'm gonna watch
it like I said there are tons a way to
watch it which is what I'm gonna do
while you watch this 15 second trailer
clip and then we'll meet back in the
middle which issue makes you showed me
something do something
looking for the secret would you won't
find it prestige is important twists and
turns where lives hang in the balance do
it your ma that you say something
shocking you've never seen before back
the PUC's shortly put an amazing fucking
amazing movie the acting the sound the
story just everything is amazing it's a
beautifully well put together story it's
a very mysterious story that the even
that just leaves you puzzled the entire
time so let's kind of just break down
the story without going into crazy
amounts of detail and so later when we
spoil it for Pete starts off with the
two magicians hugh jackman Christian
Bale they start off together on the
working together and there's this
rivalry that magicians have and so it's
there it's there naturally until
Christian Bale silly goose accidentally
kills Hugh Jackman's what whoopsie this
sets a roller coaster of events of them
fucking up each other shows Christian
Bale getting shot in the hand a lot of
drama ladies calm down so much drama but
then things start looking good for
Christian Bale meets a girl they have a
baby and he invents this amazing trick
called the transporting man where it
enters a door and almost instantly exits
a door on the opposite side of the stage
looking like he instantly transported so
this makes Hugh Jackman insane goes to
almost every show and he's like how is
he doing it so he decides to his own
version called the new transporting man
but because he doesn't know the trick
uses a stunt body which is just a dude
that looks like him which lucky for him
is an alcoholic and he gets a new show
girl Scarlett Johansson which is a good
time and his show has amazing success
because he's a better showman than
Christian Bale then Hugh Jackman because
he's a sex of my aunt starts having a
sexy town with Scarlett Johansson that's
a good deal but it's not enough warm
because you want to know how to do the
trick because his version of the trick
he doesn't get to do the bow he doesn't
get to do the prestige he's by himself
under the stage and so because he cannot
be content with what he has he sends
Scarlett Johansson over to Christian
Bale who's actually he's a nice guy when
he's not screaming because you're
fucking up his lights and so they fall
in love and they get together which
isn't a good thing because like I said
before he has a wife then things go back
and forth I keep bucking each other over
I'm gonna skip some certain parts of the
movie for you Hugh Jackman comes out
with the real transporting man his last
show and it's amazing he enters this
machine that was made by Tesla who of
course spent most of his life trying to
control AC
alternating current and then almost
instantly he's like 500 yards away
taking his bow and this makes Christian
Bale insane so then we're just going to
spoil the move so it spoilers for the
next 20 seconds skip ahead to the
annotation here that'll be when the
spoiler has stopped it turns out the
Tesla's machine actually made loans and
Hugh Jackman is cloning himself going
through a trapdoor landing in a water
tank letting himself die and then the
cloned version was over there and so
literally on each show he would have to
kill himself which is also how he tricks
the government into thinking that
Christian Bale killed him which puts
Christian Bale's character on trial and
then ultimately he hangs for it but
Christian Bale and going down like that
it turns out Christian Bale was able to
do the trick because he had a twin
brother no one ever knew about he was
the most dedicated magician of all time
and so Christian Bale or his twin finds
Hugh Jackman shoots him kills him he
gets his babygirl back because Hugh
Jackman was gonna be an asshole and take
his girlfriend him his daughter and they
go off into the sunset also Christian
Bale's wife killed herself in starlett
Johansson left if that's notable and
we're back to all the people that didn't
want to see the spoiler aliens right I'm
joking ultimately is it is a story about
how passion competition and obsession
will drive change will drive innovation
but at the same time it can and will
destroy you without flinching because it
can overwhelm a person because a human
being is just that a human being and we
are good we are evil and this movie it
was just phenomenal so thank you once
again to you guys who recommended this
movie you have made me a very very big
Christopher Nolan fan course in the
comments down below do two things one
let me know what you thought of this
movie what it meant for you etc and of
course let us know what movies you would
like us to add to the Netflix queue
because that's how we've been adding
them each and every time even though you
guys set us up with the prestige which
is an available on netflix instant cube
so that's your fault not much but guys
of course we are moving onto a of every
different movie samuel l jackson is back
with a black snake moan and that's what
you should watch martin no now watch it
now and we're gonna be talking about and
reviewing it kinda sorta tomorrow who
doesn't like a movie about a black guy
tying a white girl 2 Chainz I don't know
the Communists anyways guys it's been
fun I love your faces if you want to
join be sure to subscribe baby
netflix.com slash philly d yourself good
time and i will see you tomorrow
the prestige is by far my favorite movie
of all time are you watching closely one
of the things that you're supposed to
serve ask yourself throughout is is it
magic its science fiction or is it just
written a trick of the eye it's it's a
mindfuck it's like to just write
watching closely you got a really hot
Scarlett Johansson is there any other
kind and she's there is the assistant
and then some shit goes down hit all the
points that were like science and magic
like all in that thing it was fun watch
I would definitely recommend it to
anyone it's just a really great movie I
really loved it
