yeah we need those combs yes I knew
those coasts it's a matter of national
security
to get those coals for the food the
Franco show and I need those coals now
it's national security - what you got -
eight hello interwebs it is day 8 of the
defranco nation movie club today we are
going to watch the movie unthinkable
starring michael sheen and samuel
l.jackson and the description of the
movie is when the government gets wind
of a plot to destroy America involving a
trio of nuclear weapons locations
unknown it is up to a seasoned
interrogator Daniel L Jackson and an FBI
agent cariann mall to find out exactly
where they are a suspected terrorist
played by Michael Sheen who's already in
custody is their only chance for a
timely answer but what does it take for
him to talk cookies they do it obviously
just give someone cookies they're your
best friend or not maybe not we'll know
when we watch the moves while I go watch
a movie you're gonna watch 15 seconds of
the trailer and through will be magic I
will have watched the entire movie
starting what I have to do is
unthinkable I won't stop me now it's
going
I like myself because I chose to meet my
oppressors
and we are back so unthinkable is a very
smart violent very violent sort of a
suspenseful mystery movie so let's set
up the movie Michael she is an American
homegrown terrorist meaning that he was
born in the United States worked in our
military when overseas and now he's like
hey I'm kind of a Muslim I'm gonna kill
your face also thanks for all that
military training I know how to make
nukes and got my hands on new material
and now I've put three in your country
and we're gonna play a little weird game
and so Michael Sheen allows himself to
get caught so that he can either test
himself or test others or prove a point
or something and so then they call in
samuel l.jackson because he's a badass
motherfucker who also is an interrogator
/er ER or a terrible pissed nerve
torture that's the word I'm looking for
and so I mean like the first thing he
does he's like hey Michael Sheen how you
do when he cuts his finger off I just
kind of steps up the next part of the
movie the government's like hey remember
that you need a convention I don't and
they like shoe everyone away and it
turns into this operation that no one
will ever know about and the rest of the
movie is essentially torture verse
morals and it goes into that old
question anyone can argue what they've
watched 24 which of course was a great
TV show you know we always talk about
you know torture is wrong and doing bad
stuff to save lives is wrong but like
when we see some dude like in 24 killing
people and doing all this crazy
messed-up shit because he has to save
America then we cheer but at what point
is it wrong is there in fact the line is
there something unthinkable what I have
to do is unthinkable yeah I will say
that's one part of movies I hate when
they say the title in the movie and that
can be a question for you other than
like what you think of this movie what
was going through your mind what do you
think happened do you think there is a
line that should be followed
morally if you haven't watched the movie
yet beware because we're gonna possibly
tell throw down some spoilers when I say
possibly I mean probably and we'll go
from there
of course Samuel Jackson just starts
torturing this guy like just the
weirdest shit like drilling into his
teeth and then there's like this weird
moment where you ask the FBI agent to
massage his shoulders and you're
thinking yourself why does he want her
to do a nice thing for him but it's
actually so that his shoulders stop
cramping up and he can feel the full
extent of the pain he's giving people
have betrayed people I don't really
comes down to the last 15 minutes of
movie which is which are the heaviest
moments of the movie and so you have
this terrorist who has been held down
for two or three days and he just been
like torture and torture torture even
though in the meantime he still kills
people with bombs he previously setup
just not ones that are nukes and so they
bring his wife in and she's like what
did you do get her out of here there's
something he's like really into it
Michael Sheen is such a fantastic actor
and all the stupid government people
that get her out of here you can't do
this yeah and Samuel Jackson is like
with his crazy samuel l.jackson eyes and
he kills his wife and you're like what
the fuck and everyone's screaming and
then they all come down and that's when
Samuel Jackson's like how do you want me
to go that's not Samuel Jackson's voice
I can't do it it's too awesome my vocal
cords would explode if I tried so then
they bring his kids in and so Samuel
Jackson's like I'm gonna make you watch
me torture your kids you just saw me
kill your wife you know I'll do it and
the whole reason this is happening
because Michael Sheen's character
thought that his family had gotten away
they were actually stopped and so then
Michael Sheen like gives up the codes
because apparently his kids dying too
much for him to handle they're just
children and so even after he gives him
the coat Samuel Jackson's like what
about the fourth bond everyone's
screaming again Samuel Jackson's ready
to actually torture the kids he's
stopped and then after he stopped he's
told the torturer the kids and then he's
like no that FBI agents ready there are
lines and then the fucking movie ends
with a big finger to your face I'm
guessing because they were like we don't
want to say it's good or bad well that
people interpret the movie you never
know if there's a fourth bomb and you're
left with a question should they have
continued torturing like the kids or is
that unthinkable and let me just say
this beforehand it's not like an
American soldier has never killed a
child I'm just gonna throw that out
there but of course the whole moral is
there a line are there times where it's
justified across it definitely a movie
that made me think that word play uh
stupid but of course let me know what
you think down below and also let us
know down below what movies you want to
watch next week cause I've been checking
out a bunch of the comments and of
course if you do not remember to watch
these movies along with us you can do it
most anyway but the easiest way it would
be to sign up to netflix.com slash
philly be a free 30-day trial instantly
streaming movies
and tonight remember to watch the
prestige because we're gonna be talking
about it tomorrow you guys have a big
Christopher Nolan hard on who will watch
that movie this is one of the very few
movies that is not in the instant queue
you might have to use those other
methods but anyways I'm gonna hop off I
love your face and I'll see you tomorrow
with the cast that they had amazing
amazing cast
wicked movie gruesomely entertaining
movie really good movies movie that
keeps you on the edge of your seat the
entire time scary idea think of the
interrogation itself wasn't really that
shocking just because it's a lot of
things that have been covered in the
past especially with the pictures over
the last couple years coming out of
Guantanamo Bay every man no matter how
strong lies to himself about something I
don't know why but just stuck with me
probably because I live my life in a
delusion how could you like that oh my
god I hate you right now I feel a bigger
regret that this movie has been made
than the human centipede because right
now I'm happier with an idiotic movie
with no point to north the movie that
presents itself to be intelligent with
all the wrong point seven American turns
Tara and is threatening to kill vast
amount Americans they have no rights
guys thanks again for watching this to
Franco nation movie club video if you
enjoyed it and you want to join us be
sure to subscribe to this channel you
want to watch yesterday's video click on
this guy over here and of course
tomorrow's video
