hello internet welcome to day eight of
the defranco movie club club of course
if you don't understand by the name we
watch a new movie everyday which of
course is easy to do together because
most of us are signed up to netflix.com
slash philly d so not saying you have to
but it helps day eight is very
especially because today we're going to
watch our first documentary of the
growing and that is the documentary made
by dick house productions Johnny
Knoxville's grew and the documentary is
called the wild and wonderful whites of
West Virginia I originally thought the
movie was about white supremacy but I
was wrong movie is actually about a
family of alleged thieves I don't even
have to use alleged they are most of
them are have been in prison but the
description of the movie is sailing from
Boone County West Virginia a mountain
dancer Jessica white maybe the most
famous member of the white clay this is
thanks to the 1991 documentary the
dancing outlaw he is hardly the most
colorful of the bunch
this film focuses on the rest of the
family rector Julian is for expect a
year with five generations of the West
Virginia family and spoke to various
members of their community including the
sheriff all to provide a colorful
portrait so I'm actually a huge fan of
documentary movies I kind of I just love
to know that it's just it's a real thing
last documentary I watched was Restrepo
which I probably won't be in the first
30 days but if you do have like you're
like oh man I watched all the movies I
was supposed to want you have some
downtime watch that movie it's probably
one of the best documentaries I've ever
seen but the reason it out memory is
interesting is usually because it covers
one person or a whole group of people
that are so interesting it justifies 70
to 90 minutes so I'm hoping because this
movie has a huge cult following that it
will be interesting so I'm gonna go
start watching the movie and I will be
back in 15 seconds after you watch this
trailer
I just went on the ramp
well maybe
so the wild and wonderful whites is a
very interesting documentary and it
definitely made me do some things but
let's let's try and break it down it is
this giant family people that don't
really work they just get checks for the
government for random disabilities do
drugs all day sell drugs to buy more
drugs cousins sleeping with each other's
husbands nephew shooting uncle's in the
face with shotguns I don't even know how
to wow so let's go into the store is it
interesting yes it's definitely a part
of life that I've never seen before it
kind of reminds me of this this weird
period I had my life when I lived in
North Carolina never definitely some
mountain folk there it kind of feels
like another life in another country
when I think back to that part of my
life because you are just are different
I'm not saying that they're worse it's
just a whole different lifestyle
it's almost encoded in these people's
DNA to us and just fucking go crazy
because at any point you could die it
doesn't matter as long as you having a
good time because if you're not high and
you're not having fun this place sucks
that's the general idea of this family
and of this movie so did it keep me
interested in the entire time yes was
the documentary done well yes and well
it doesn't have a cohesive story the raw
emotion you you feel from these people
is huge especially in the beginning when
they're high mighty and really fucking
high and they and they sound and they
act like they're tough and they're rough
and then you see these terrible shit
happening to them not because of anyone
else except themselves and just the
collective grew rings every single
person down and some of these people you
don't care about but moments you're just
like you're screaming at the screen like
it's like it's like you're messed up
brother that has a drug problem like why
are you doing that the grandmother that
it's in in this movie and she raised
like 20 kids by herself she just she
couldn't keep everyone on the right
track cuz there were so many kids and
she she she tried her best but
ultimately about having someone there to
to scold them to stop them from being
assholes you see what happens when kids
Lord of the Flies themself into adults
and we'll jump into some spoilers you do
feel a little hope near the end of the
movie
the crazier of the bunch goes into rehab
and she only does it because the steep
took her baby away and he realized like
cheese hits as near as Bob that she
wants to hit she goes into rehab and she
sees her kid and she wants to be able to
see her baby and she starts going to see
her baby and you're like okay maybe
there is this fucking hope and you
ultimately realize if there is a moral
the story it is that where you are is a
huge factor of who you become for
example I know that if I'd stayed in a
in the Bronx and New York I would be a
completely fucking different person for
better or worse and then if you don't
get out of that situation you're just
gonna be fucked and you may not even
realize you're fucked until you get that
moment of clarity and you hold on to it
with all your fucking money so what I
would say is I definitely recommend
watching this movie shows you a
different part of life but you may not
know if you do now get the fuck out of
there and we're switching gears tonight
and we're gonna watch the movie
unthinkable with samuel l.jackson which
is a movie I never heard of but it saves
you a lot of fucking Jackson and I'm
gonna watch the shit out of that movie
and so that's the movie we're gonna
watch tomorrow of course you can watch
that movie anywhere but the easiest
place to do it is along with the rest of
us sad dead flicks complex for lady did
I mention that there are almost kind of
sponsor maybe once but guys that's all
for this episode I love your faces and I
will see you next time if you feel like
being depressed and angry and yelling at
people for how they're raising their
children this is probably the best movie
you could watch I'm really scared to say
how I feel about it
because they may come kill me was
depressing and you know these people
exist but to watch an hour and a half of
these kind of people is unsettling and I
open it it was kind of a documentary
slash what the fuck moment literally
developed an addiction to chewing
tobacco while watching this movie and by
the time I was over I was in torn up
boxer briefs and a mustard-stained
wife-beater guys thanks again for
watching this to franco nation movie
club video if you enjoyed it and you
want to join us be sure to subscribe to
this channel if you want to watch
yesterday's video click on this guy over
here and of course tomorrow's video is
you
