tada hey guys welcome to day 7 of the
defranco nation movie club a very
special day because today we are going
to watch The Human Centipede a movie
that I have been trying to not force
myself to watch for a very long time you
guys have been very adamant about me
included in this project but something
funny happened yesterday the day that we
said that we're going to watch The Human
Centipede Netflix went down some of you
relieved some of you angry because you
were trying to sign up to the free
30-day trial which of course is
netflix.com slash Philly D I believe
everything has been fixed so if you
wanted to sign up you can now sign up I
like to think that it was our fault we
crash Netflix the only reason I say that
is because at the same time the Pirate
Bay crashed we don't know what that is
good your plausible deniability to the
rest of you you're going to jail but
let's jump into what the human centipede
is all about the human centipede is a
2010 Dutch horror film written and
directed by Tom six it stars dieter
Eliezer Ashley C Williams Ashlyn yeni
and Akihiro Keith amudha the film tells
the story of a German doctor who kidnaps
three tourists and joins them surgically
mouth to anus forming a quote-unquote
human centipede apparently the director
came up with this concept when he was
joking around with some buddies about
how they should punish child molesters
and then he was like well what if there
were no child molesters and it was just
the most evil fucked-up thing that ever
existed that should be a movie and if
you were wondering how does a movie like
this get made well the director left
that whole mouth to anus thing out and
so the people that invested money didn't
know about it until they saw the final
movie which what kind of fucking
surprise would that have been
that's like investing your money and
puppies and then finding out you
invested your money and puppies being
beaten to death kind of the same thing
but not at all but anyways I'm going to
watch this movie before I do so I hate
you all people who recommend it I watch
this movie anyways I'll be back in 15
seconds after you watch this trailer
clip
Sami's Japan collapse a fire the gastric
system well back and just finish the
movie
it should ah how to review this movie
this movie much like teeth which is the
first movie we watched for movie club is
less of a movie and more of an
experience I would have to agree with
Roger Ebert who said that this movie is
not even on a star system can't rate it
you know four stars get rate it zero
stars it should not even he considered a
movie but if you do consider it a movie
the acting's terrible sound it's okay I
guess it works for horror plot very bad
very stupid and halfway through the
movie it turns from like a bad horror
movie to torture porn and the thing is
when I watch this I thought it's gonna
be a lot more grossed out than I was the
idea and the sounds they kind of make it
nasty but most time you're like what the
fuck is this movie you're not even like
what the fuck's happening that girl
hears like why why is this a thing I
mean I mean if you if you want to talk
about torture porn that was like scary
and made me cringe you have hostile the
original one terrified me the second one
I was like okay I get the twist hostile
as far as torture porn that was a scary
movie this just sucks a lot and it's
gross and that's it I can't recommend to
watch it what's good we'll go back to
day one and see if the only reason to
watch this movie is to film your own
reactions or better yet in the reactions
of those around you now it sucks is this
movie is so bad and so many people have
watched and it's got so much press
because it's such a shitty fucking
terrible ah why the fuck is this even a
thing movie the sequels being made
currently the main summation Oh fuckin
watch this movie unless you already did
in which case tell someone else to watch
the movie and then laugh at them after
they watch the movie that's the only
excuse so guys any comments down below
let me know where you were we were with
what you were thinking when you saw this
movie Wow but guys we are deterring from
the what the fuck
and going into the Oh what what the fuck
but a different with the fuck because
tomorrow we are going to watch the wild
and wonderful white a movie by Johnny
Knoxville that a bunch of you guys
recommended last week I was like okay
that'll be something we watch so be sure
to watch that tonight if you've seen it
or you watch tonight and you want to
make any video response up your opinion
slash reviews in it as a video response
to this video and you may be a part of
tomorrow's show but guys till next time
I love your faces unless you told me to
watch this movie in which case go fuck
yourself
ah I'll see you tomorrow
so I just saw the human centipede that's
the worst movie in the world it's not
the best movie in the world the
scientist he was fabulous he shit in her
mouth
that was a fucked up movie what was that
it doesn't make any sense
it was pretty disturbing on many levels
I would never like to watch this movie
again and I would never like to have
watched it once hey guys thanks again
for being a part of the defranco nation
movie club of course to watch
yesterday's video click on this guy over
here and if you want to be a part of
what we do every single day the easiest
way is to sign up via Netflix comm slash
phillypheet that'll give you free 30-day
trial about watching and streaming
movies from your phone your iPad your
computer your ps3 everything and you get
to have a good time we get some good
stuff and then your mom makes out with
me I wasn't supposed to say that last
time
