don't you hate all that space probe
crash Elvis costs
yeah really hope no monster show up
hello and welcome to d5 of the defranco
nation movie club that's right Oprah
literacy just took a turn for the
awesome that's terrible but today is day
5 and if you saw the video yesterday we
set the next seven movies we're going to
talk about so if you haven't seen that
yet check out yesterday's video but
today class we're gonna watch monsters
which I'm about to do on the old
computer here using the lovely netflix
instant queue which of course works on
computers iPads iPhones all that good
stuff Xbox's ps3's wees almost
everything the reason we're watching
monsters it was highly recommended but
also pushed because it was a low-budget
movie it actually only costs about five
hundred thousand dollars they did
gorilla shooting so a lot of the extras
didn't know they were extras directed by
gareth edwards main two characters are
played by Whitney able and scoot mcnairy
and the movie is described as six years
after aliens invaded earth a security
force maintains tenuous control in the
infected zone straddling the us-mexican
border Andrew a photographer is
documenting this war-torn area when he's
interrupted by an unexpected rescue
mission Samantha daughter of media mogul
who just happens to be his boss needs an
escort home and Andrew reluctantly takes
on the job so I've heard very mixed
reviews about this going into the movie
gonna watch it now if you have not seen
it watch it because when we talk about
some specific stuff and all fico here is
10 seconds of the trailer in Japan
evacuate immediately clothed new life
these mysterious of warranty they're
taking us
it's the only option you've got okay
we're back I'm very torn as far as this
movie goes I definitely see what a lot
of people were saying why they hated
this movie I definitely see why a lot of
people loved this movie a lot of people
were saying it weren't enough aliens or
creatures or whatever you know I wanted
like transformers meets alien meets a
movie where things actually happen the
other side people are saying well no the
whole point is that it's subdue even
though they are in this extraordinary
situation it always comes down to
relationships because this is a monster
movie where it's not like Godzilla just
attacked it's like Godzilla just
attacked and he got a condo and he's
just chilling and it's like six years
later and everyone's like oh hey it's
Godzilla it's just fucking of away
Godzilla and looking at this movie I
can't help but stress like it gets a
little it's a little extra like room to
mess up because it really was it was
made for five hundred thousand dollars
which is amazing especially when you
look at like all the stuff they got into
the movie the relationship between the
main two characters is actually really
good that is probably because in real
life they're married but you do actually
care about the characters even though
mistakes are made here and there
everything starts off easily enough
they're trying to get back home the only
way to get back home it's a fairy they
drop some cash and the main guy has sex
with a mexican girl which of course be
watched any movie ever means mexican
girls gonna steal his ID and his money
because apparently that's what mexican
people do in movies then they're forced
to go through the infected cell which of
course infected because a satellite
probes six years ago crash-landed with
some bacteria from the moon which
obviously resulted in monsters and well
you don't see a lot of monsters you do
feel the tense situation because most
the time if you're going to see these
things you're about to die so they go
through a relationship of bulbs you find
out more about the monsters mainly that
monsters have sex and then they jizz on
trees I think that's what happened in
the movie then everyone dies except then
because well that's how a movie works
kind of when the movie got interesting
was the last 20 minutes they get to this
giant wall which America's finally built
because as much as we complain about
Mexicans jumping our borders you like
people picking our fruits giant monsters
that kill people looking the biggest
wall you've ever seen which I don't know
how that actually helps since these
monsters look like they flop then
something said
during this part of the movie that kind
of just stayed with me anyways the guy
talking to a girl he's like once we get
over those walls we're just gonna go
back to our regular lives and like this
will just have been a thing that
happened to us and we'll be on our
perfect suburban home and and the world
will continue being messed up but we'll
be gone and it reminded me of what I've
talked to two soldiers who have come
back to America as they refer to America
as Disney like that the real shit is
over there with what they have to go
through and what they deal with on a
daily basis and they come back here and
it's just this weird artificial not so
raw nerve of what life really is and it
was kind of a more like an emotional
response victory for you director and
then of course they had a jump over the
wall I realize I want to be together
there's this moment where you see the
two giant monsters like gente cool
having I don't know pretty sure one of
them came probably the guy work that the
military shows up you think everything's
good until you realize the people that
you think died in the beginning of them
were in fact the two characters you have
been with for the past 90 minutes but
does their dash change anything they've
gone through really it is still open
ended you don't know if they die I think
the main point of the story is a lot of
shit is messed up and we put up walls to
try and block ourselves away from it but
what we really do is trap ourselves and
and just really postpone the inevitable
death and and shit that's going to
happen to you I being said I think there
are a lot of missed opportunities on
this movie I definitely recommend it if
you have time to waste but it is not a
must watch I'd love to know of course
what you guys thought since if you
watched yesterday's video you probably
watched this video this movie is readily
available everywhere but of course you
can use our affiliate / kind of sort of
sponsor netflix.com slash LED you get a
month for free into stream and get DVDs
sent to your house and it's a good time
of course tomorrow we're switching gears
and watching the movie yo yo ponyo I'm
probably pronouncing it wrong so be sure
to watch that if you've already seen it
send a video response to this video with
your opinion and review on the movie and
maybe we'll use it tomorrow anyways guys
I'm gonna head off if you watch anything
else today make sure to watch the Monday
philip defranco show the main show i do
links you'll ever need in the world in
the description below guys hope you are
having an awesome day I love your faces
and I'll see you tomorrow
