hello interwebs and it's day four
facility Movie Club that thing they were
trying for 30 days what was that noise
how the coffee's done I love it when the
coffee's done hey what's up what's up so
today is day four of the affiliate Movie
Club I'm at my house as you can tell by
the different backgrounds and there's
the inclusion of puppies we were
actually we were planning on going to
pismo beach but then we kind of got
locked down here because the weather's
fucking terrible my backyard is flooding
things start getting thrown around the
wind kind of picked up so our knocking
stuff down that was even weighted down
but uh hey I'll just pick it up tomorrow
with my man muscles in my main legs
because my man might be even roasted a
pig while I'm drinking a beer smoking a
cigarette after i slayed a dragon that
doesn't make sense oh yeah i'm home and
rather than talking about a movie on
netflix today for our movie thingamajig
that was doing specifically rather than
surprising you with the movie that we're
going to watch the day of because i
didn't want people to ruin the movies
i'm going to put out the next seven
movies that we're going to watch
depending on the day you know monday
tuesday wednesday thursday friday
saturday sunday and that way you can uh
you can kind of set aside time and your
schedule to watch it on your netflix
queue and once again all the movies that
we're going to cover and talk about and
just I don't know have a good time with
our in the netflix instant queue or I'm
gonna be available on DVD and i'll put
the ones that are only available on DVD
later in the week so that you have time
to get those sent to you / find another
way to get that movie of course if you
like bill why are we using netflix
instant queue it's because i'm going to
use the code netflix.com slash philly d
you get a month of it for free so you
can test it out while we're testing out
this new thing that we're trying but
moving on movies we're going to watch in
this order starting from monday and
going from there are the movies monsters
pony oh the human centipede the
wild and wonderful whites unthinkable
the prestige now the thing with the
prestige it is it is not available on
instant queue so you're going to have to
make sure that you click to get those
dvds sent to you or just something else
and then we're going to end the week
with a black snake moan these movies are
a combination of what you guys have been
recommending in the the moderator box as
well as on the videos from now on we're
actually only going to take requests on
the videos because a lot of people seem
confused and also if you get confused
I'm gonna make the banner on the
youtube.com slash world DeFranco page
show what movie on what day we're going
to watch for that week things and stuff
and words and also make sure you watch
the movie monsters today or tomorrow
morning because we're going to talk
about that video tomorrow that movie
tomorrow
