I remember I was doing something I'm in
my office in my office and I have my
glasses I think and if I can see I can
think and sometimes to remember I write
on my body as if it's important I should
write it on my body
the things to do and what I'm supposed
to what there is uh oh my god oh my god
hello oh my god it's a fill video on a
Saturday that is because it is day three
of the defranco movie club today the
biggest requested movie that you guys
put in my Netflix queue as the movie by
the name of think of it memento I barely
remembered it I'll see what I did there
I'm a genius memento is a 2000 American
psychological thriller film written and
directed by Christopher Nolan and it was
actually adapted from his younger
brother Jonathan short story memento
mori it stars Guy Pearce as Leonard
Shelby a guy with an Tureaud amnesia
which renders his brain unable to store
new memories so I'm about to take you
know an hour and a half off to watch the
memento and after the 15 seconds of
footage from the trailer we'll come back
with what we think you wander around
playing detective well maybe you should
start investigating yourself
to do this he'll build a I want
why are you asking me I can't remember
what it meant oh if you have to run it
is an amazing movie if you haven't seen
it watch it it I know a lot of people
are probably gonna be like bill you have
no movie cretin hope you never see
memento what the thing is I have
actually not seen a lot of Christopher
Nolan's early work I haven't seen the
prestige which has been ranking high and
the the Netflix queue that you guys have
been setting up a memento wow that is
amazing actually I kind of knew what it
was about because Derek's comedy had
made a kind of a spoof of it about three
years ago I want to say and it was it
was funny but this movie it's easily top
ten it's like it's up there with seven
Wow okay let's let's try and break it
down so a main character you know is
that his his wife was murdered and raped
when he tried to stop the incident from
occurring he got smacked up against a
wall lost all short-term memory
remembers everything up to the moment
that he failed to save his wife that's
the main thing you need to know during
this movie because time and reality
don't play hand-in-hand in fact the
story is essentially told from the end
of the movie going backwards to give you
the full reveal who is good who is bad
who is in between and if day one the
movie teeth showed us anything in that
movie it was all men want to rape you
this movie shows you that everyone wants
to take advantage of everyone sometimes
even yourself that won't make sense
until you watch the movie I don't think
or maybe it just doesn't make sense but
that's what I took from it so breakdown
acting awesome visuals awesome sound
awesome the use of time and going
backwards through it to progress the
story forward amazing if you've ever
played the video game braid and you
enjoyed it you'll be like that's amazing
if you watch this movie and I've never
played a video game braid way that games
all about time and the distortion of
truth intentionally and unintentionally
I'd have to say if you watch any of the
movies that we watch during this this
whole thing please God watch this movie
it's ah ah so good that's it's like
that's enough to like inspire people to
make moo-ha-ha
and to make that noise and of course I
want to leave you
with something and that is main point
thanks for all of you that have embraced
the defranco movie club if you want to
watch these movies they are available to
be bought many places or you can go to
netflix.com slash Billy Dee
they are our affiliate slash kinda-sorta
sponsor of this 30-day project and you
can use netflix on your computer your
phone your iPad what's have you and who
what's in blah blah blah and you get 30
days for using that code so that's
always good if if it's not available in
your area - it may be other ways I don't
know how I don't know what you kids do
on the internet with your movie watching
but the second thing thinking of
possibly creating a forum section
somewhere just something really like
lo-fi where we can talk about the ends
of movies because I don't wanna I don't
I don't wanna you know like ruin the
movie for people that haven't seen it
yet but I definitely I definitely want
to talk about the end but not in the
comments if you give you let's try and
ruin the movie for someone in the
comments I'm probably gonna block you
know no offense to you I just want this
to be fun for everybody
anyways I will see you tomorrow with
another movie I'm just in a good mood
because I saw a movie that I really
liked all it took was three days anyway
I love you faces I'm gonna keep spinning
and talking in a circle and things and
stuff
