hey Frank goes hey Trey Phil you know
what today is
oh yes you can write to your door you
can't say it though oh and then we can
then we have to bring someone TOI s ou
are us and I spell it right okay job Joe
under there for ya okay what is that I
play it super maryada see like grown up
this is why I didn't want to drive do
like your cars it'll leave your car I
was like I got to maximize my time Joe
it's true how many hours have you spent
on something no like 40 minutes okay
yeah I I was watching lil man this
morning Trey start a new school so yeah
that's why there was no Friday show okay
I don't know Friday stuff today's Friday
and then I was gonna do a livestream but
then you guys scheduled me out for five
hours of shoes so give me one day though
Phil hey I'm just saying if there's if
people ask well I was in a Friday's show
sure was family stuff but it's really
donations folk day since well he just
wants that fun so I have fun Phil well
it's not bunch of the world star yeah or
ski run words to be fun
are you gonna buy me anything well we go
I mean I don't have to oh I don't do i I
don't know what it was now but we have
you do have give me one thing what's
that your hand it's gonna be just as
awkward for you as for me it's not
awkward that's not true at all maybe I'm
trying to just play shy about it
Brian do you want anything from Toys R
Us I don't know they're going out
they're going out of business so I kind
of just want to save them by buying
everything but I can't hold that that's
the thing if they complain that we're
filming I'm just gonna say hey you guys
gonna break her up soon so might help
you out a little bit oh that's not a
nice thing to do
okay Phil we're here it looks so sad so
Phil if you can pick any toy out what
would it be I didn't know that they have
like Xbox section no feel that that
that's like advanced toys you talk like
a plastic toilet like look Phil you can
get look at all this cool stuff you did
give this I meant to hit you with the
soft like how we get ended up in the
weapons I'm brain it's so strange how
that happened what do you want this is
your prize I know what I want bills your
rise for helping us come in second place
well you know what I want Phil what I
want what the people want what that's we
did goes out
hey guys Oh Phil what's up mentioned Joe
- they said Joe Phil would you think it
said you know like you're just only
aiming felt did you just like Joe is
there a turn-off here one of those words
bust up hi guys two words no a must-have
hi guys
mustard hi guys whatever what you guys
doing you picking out some stuff for our
dad's dad toys congratulations on the
Streamy one congratulations thank you
for you guys I mean thank you for you
guys thank you guys um you guys wanna
shave my head
but keeping it you want that little bit
oh my god no
are you going to zero
all right Oh looking great what did you
feel like you stopped really quickly
after saying that and you know why it
doesn't look that bad because some
people find that attractive some people
monkfish I don't even know where to find
among Google monkfish factory what a
monkfish they're like drown in their
lake bottom feeder fish discriminate but
you go to one fish factory you'll meet
other like-minded monk monkey sorry I
left out the last bunch yes that's not
the thing what do you think Phil I'm
just letting it happen doing a mirotic I
just saw myself in really far away just
blurry version of me god I don't want to
look now you look like a psychologist
all right Phil
it takes the sting out that's what this
is done from I know what I was getting
into I knew and this is about as good as
I think it's gonna get awesome my head
doesn't look that bad just keep telling
yourself that thank you guys Congrats on
the marriage oh thanks man thank the
audience good right so how do you feel I
felt there was part of me that felt a
little bad but he doesn't have any weird
head he said yeah he's a me Sal he's a
good-looking guy yeah yeah yeah it was
getting dark Oh
you
you
