hello internets it is day two of the
defranco movie club move aside oprah
books are for fools that's our slogan is
it now I don't know I'm just tired I'm
at the studio most everyone's gone home
except Maddy because we like to coddle
one of the most requested movies that
you want me to watch did not involve
vaginas that cut off penises which so
thank you it's an improvement
it is wrist cutters a love story
starring Patrick fuck it probably foo
gets on an awesome last name Abraham
benroubi directed by gore and duck ik
man I just need to make a video about
these fucking people's names anyway it
is a movie as I read from Netflix
depressed over his breakup with
girlfriend Desiree Zia slits his wrists
only to find himself sent to a bleak
corner of the afterlife
reserved for those who kill themselves
in Gore inductrix dark comic fantasy May
2006 four stars on Netflix so before I
watch the movie let me explain something
to you
one the reason for the past two videos
I've been like hey you is
netflix.com/phillyd be is because all
the movies were watching are gonna be in
the instant queue where you can watch it
on like your TV your phone blah blah so
it's easy for you to see like me talk
about it and watch it right after and
then respond and also when you do it
it's like an affiliate program thing and
it helps us out and then we eat stay can
we high-five homeless people and then
they ask us if we have money and we say
no so everyone wins the circle of life
and all that but anyway I'm gonna go
watch this movie during the 15 seconds
of the trailer that we'll play and then
I'll come back and tell you what I
thought about
where are you guys going
stitch we're looking for the people in
charge or come
who the hell likes being stuck in a
place where you can't even smile I
should I go home
and we're back
so risk honors a love story is actually
it's actually a kind of cool movie it's
not like the best thing in the world but
it's not like it's horrible and and I
say that with teeth being the last movie
I watched thanks to you guys so I mean
everything looks right now like I
deserve an Oscar but acting was good
music was good I mean half the time it's
actually scored by this dude that's in
the movie and he's like a failed
musician his musics terrible but like
it's like some of the only music in the
place and and the reason that is is that
when you kill yourself you go to this
essentially this purgatory reserved for
people to kill themselves so you know
it's not the happiest Bunch in the world
to hang around everything's the same
here it's just worse everyone's pretty
much just getting plastered every day
you can't smile don't think of it as
like hell it's just not the happiest
place on the planet it's like it's like
the South without guns and incest just
boring just so boring and and I kind of
like it because it doesn't really go
into religion it doesn't go into you
know a bunch of like oh that's this
thing or it's that thing in fact most of
the fucking people they're just confused
just doesn't make any sense to me they
maybe they touch on religion for maybe
like five minutes doesn't even go really
really into it you never see wings any
any stupid bullshit like that something
actually that was really interesting was
you know they throw in like a cult
leader you know like one of those guys
flick drink this fruit punch it's just a
lot of interesting stuff but it's never
really all about the fact that he's dead
that was just kind of what sets the
movie up it's just it's just a really
cool concept you don't have to think you
know oh this is this happens or this
doesn't happen when you die but it's a
generally good story it's not the best
thing in the world they're definitely
lows it just makes me depressed so what
are you gonna do kill yourself nah tell
ulz but however you spell boring parts
and person that stands out Will Arnett I
think that's who it is
he kind of hops in for a second or the
main dudes roommate for the first time
and it's a movie but then he just
disappears which sucks because he's the
funniest person in the movie so main
point I definitely recommend if you
haven't seen this movie check it out got
anything better to do
thing with like a friend or two don't
watch it on your computer because it's
not so engaging that it will keep you
from playing Angry Birds it's not a
movie where you want to multitask but
that's what I'm gonna say I definitely
want to know if you've seen the movie
what you thought about it also let me
know what movies you want me to watch
next and I'm gonna say something about
the movie that's a spoiler after the
credits the credit side and watching too
many movies after the outro of this
video I didn't want to include a spoiler
in the middle of this because the whole
point is I want to watch these movies
with you once again thank you for being
a part of the defranco nation movie club
for the second day out of 30 if you want
to show you support do one of two things
give me a y5 haha that's lame or two it
is available in your country United
States sign up and watch along with us
at netflix.com slash Philly be an
official official sponsor but it helps
us afford Thai girls for Maddie anyways
I will see you guys tomorrow and yes for
those of you asking Movie Club does work
on weekends because we have no lives
oh my god you stayed till after one
thing that bothered me about this movie
is the end which once again spoiler if
you stop it
or just scream until I stop talking when
the angel steals the paperwork and he
like comes back to life and she comes
back to life because you really didn't
commit suicide she was just doing drug
and then it was kind of like yeah a
happy ending even though he committed
suicide
so commit suicide and maybe good stuff I
don't I just I was like oh there's
really no moral to this movie it's just
a like a happy ending it kinda it kind
of made it ruin the movie for me I don't
know about you guys don't write anything
about this in the comments send me a
message or something but yet please
don't ruin the movie for other people or
I will have sex with your mother unless
she's dead in which case I'll just whoa
whoa that almost went into a dark place
