welcome to day one of defranco nation
movie club of the newest project 30 and
yesterday one of the the highest rated
movies they wanted us to watch and talk
about was a movie by the name of teeth
which has John pace I'm just reading the
netflix page right now John pace just
Wiesler and John Hensley and it says
when virtuous high school student dawn
becomes the victim of a sexual assault
she discovers that she has an unexpected
line of defense a toothed vagina but
coming to terms with a novelty of her
anatomical and anomaly might be easier
said than done made in 2006 director
Mitchell Lichtenstein
really Mitchell Lichtenstein okay and so
I sat down with mr. Maddock ahead we uh
yeah decide we'd watch this together
it's rated three stars on Netflix so to
summarize this movie it is um I don't
even haha
I don't know if it's horror it's more
it's like horrible acting up
my favorite line movie is probably I
haven't jerked off since Easter is that
that's the best one and uh you know the
movie it's mainly shock value and if you
have seen it you know what I'm talking
about if you haven't seen it don't watch
it with your parents or do that might be
a bonding experience and it's just it's
essentially like a bad idea like someone
was like hey well let's make a movie
about
vagina with teeth that'd be good and
then they just like they didn't even try
and make a plot they were just like it
this will be great you know what I
wouldn't even say this should be a MOOC
I say this is more of like an experience
what I want you to do in one of the many
ways you can watch this this movie
whether you own it you rent it from
somewhere locally you use our Netflix
cup of netflix.com slash Philly D which
gives you a a month free and you can you
can stream all the movies for free or if
it's not available in your area just
find a way to watch this movie and I
want you to give me your opinion of the
movie and I also want you to to film
yourself just put out your laptop make
sure you have enough space and just
leave it recording while you and whoever
watch the movie and then send it as a
video response to this to this this
movie ah this video ah my mind is so
scarred so main summary this movie is
terrible but you should watch it if only
to get reactions out of your friends
that's my opinion
of course if you uh wants me to add
another movie to my Netflix queue or
happy to go and get a DVD blah Blee blah
blah make sure to go to the moderator
panel on youtube.com slash you look
DeFranco search to see if anyone has
already said I should watch the movie
that you want vote it up if you if you
don't want like what's what's their boat
them down and I think we're gonna see a
lot of weird and a lot of good movies
over the next 30 days main points first
day out of 30 of the Movie Club ah and
instead of an outro today I will leave
you with reactions of Patty and I
watching this movie
anymore I think it just bit really
fucking really I haven't jerked off
since Easter
