every morning I wake up I look at this
picture I go yes aunt in that I laugh at
this picture i'm gonna go yes little and
lift that giant twig above your head and
save the world I can do whatever I want
to even though genetically this is a
normal thing and to do hey so as you can
tell one I'm inspirational to i'm back
in a back in the office as you can tell
by the blueness and that giant brassiere
on the wall and so South by Southwest
which is where I've been for the past
week was a blast it was a really really
really good time lots awesome people
lots off some food lots of awesome music
nothing nothing like seeing 4,000 white
people especially nerdy white people
trying to dance to some big boy but
anyway well it's in South by Southwest
which is uh actually get this story is
why I'm making this video Mosin South by
Southwest I was talking to a buddy Brad
he works he works over there at
revision3 they make the cool shows like
diggnation and what's not and the what
half use and and he was talking about
something one of their guys does and
then I mention this to a friend and he
was like you should do that it should be
here 30 day thing and I was like third
you know when you did the challenge and
those like oh that's not really a
challenge but yeah we could do that for
30 days so for the next 30 days since i
haven't mentioned what it is yet one
second switching hands i'm so weak ah Oh
camera why is it so heavy for the next
30 days I'm going to watch a new movie
that I haven't seen in netflix and then
after I watch it I'm just gonna make a
review and put it to the Internet the
cool part is that I'm not just going to
choose at random or what Netflix
recommends but I'm going to open up the
moderator panel on the philip defranco
page which is the channel page for this
account this isn't the main show if
you're confused and you guys will
essentially name a movie that's possibly
in the Netflix queue or on netflix and
and then you guys can up-and-down vote
stuff and then if it gets enough like
yeah watch it then I'll watch it and so
will do it a week at a time so we'll do
the top seven and so I'll give this one
24 I won't probably along the lines of
16 hours because I need to watch the
video and then post it tomorrow but I'm
going to watch a new movie every day
then you guys can pour
do it along with me can I kind of have
like a our own movie club if you are not
a member of netflix i would recommend
you do it actually i believe we still
have a code netflix.com slash the lead d
you sign up you get a month for free
which is fun because we're only doing
this Roman possibly me who knows maybe
it'll take off and be like Oh remember
when it was just a project but then it
became that channel and now we're
wasting about two hours of our lives
every day that we were previously
productive oh man so glad Phil did that
but uh so yeah steps Internet's now I'm
holding the camera with two hands that's
how weak I am so steps one let me know
what you think about this this project
in the comments down below then go to
the Philip DeFranco page which is
literally you just ah you go to
youtube.com slash Philip DeFranco either
type in a movie that you want to be one
of the movies I check out or up and down
boat videos that you think would be cool
then do a backflip then if you want to
watch the movies with me there are many
ways to watch movies online what if you
want to watch them the same way that I'm
going to watch them you can use netflix
calm / philly the sign up for netflix
first month's free and if you sign up
using that code helps us out but like I
said not something you have to do but
now you know and I'm kind of excited
because you know when I was little when
I was little when I was 16 like I would
I would sneak out of the house but I
wouldn't like sneak out to like go to a
party and you know drank or do drugs I
would sneak out so I could go to the
Thursday night midnight showings of
movies and I go by myself my black
anyway we'll see we'll see how it goes
probably gonna be a little funny because
a lot of people are gonna probably give
me movies either they love or they hate
and we'll see I don't know anyway I love
your faces I'm gonna go fill the philip
defranco show out and then possibly
smack a underage minority in the face
with a boot because hate crimes burn
calories
