I will say being able to put two hands
on it like this it's a lot steadier
do I have is it really yeah he's like
he's totally like the world's gonna shit
no I was just before you say that let me
explain myself iPad shouldn't really
make a new channel called iPad DeFranco
just just just to be just to be the
douchebag that quarters that market
before Justine does yeah that's right
they're gonna make a new account
it's me 12th account well you've just
seen the kids
nevermind oh no how to do the switch yet
so if you can't tell
we waited in line for a little bit to
get the the iPad most likely I don't
think a lot of people had to wait except
for the fact that we're at South by
Southwest which just meant that there
was a clusterfuck of geeky people that
were willing to actually wait and right
now we're like we're kinda tired but we
should go to these two things tonight
and so we're we're having we're having a
struggle both internally and externally
but it was a first fun day of South by
Southwest I hit up some panels ran into
a ton of viewers and it was a good time
it was a stop it I don't know I kinda I
kind of dig but having like a decent
version of iMovie and I don't know a uh
essentially an iPhone 4 HD camera but
with the ability to hold it with two
hands kind of like if it was a Steadicam
but most people are gonna be like it's
not 1080 like your normal videos I hate
this
thumbs down Apple fag right that's it I
can use that terminology because I use
Apple products Oh Tony that's ironic
