why hello interwebs it is Tuesday ish
I'm wearing the same clothes because I'm
a disgusting human being we're all kind
of exhausted because we've been
reorganizing the office and moving
people around because of some changes
how are you I'm just looking to the
board here black box eyes were some some
exciting things that that it's got in
front of it it needs a room to grow so
uh Tony's heading out of this office and
so we're reorganizing we're scattering
we're gonna move Danny around we're
gonna get mad out of my office so they
can sleep in the middle of the day I
always feel bad when he's working and
they lay on the couch and James will
stay where he is full paint the walls so
he feels good this of course is exciting
because it also means I'm going to get
some more we're gonna get some more
interns which you have loved and sent
weird things to just quick note though
maddie is still not an intern do not
know what you guys think that he is an
editor and also he can fly he's like
Superman he is in the same room he's
wearing head but yes I got his attention
that's all I was going for much time on
James no it was like I heard Superman
was like oh definitely James no James
James his more of lex luthor what you
just you're just saying that because he
doesn't have so much hair yeah laser
eyes laser eyes let's listen Lex Luthor
didn't had laser on it did he maybe yeah
you're stupid I don't watch nerd card
revoked he's like I only watch
smallville Oh on top of new people
people have different positions and
different duties / things that they
could do wrong and to respond to your
comments the last of the first order of
the posters the pre-order posters are
going out because uh marks been busting
his ass along with Julian we were
supposed to have four people on it dude
gone
by the time this video is out there
gonna be out of our hair end up only
having two but we're we're hiring people
locally not to you guys I love you but
you would stab me next up we talked
about LTA coming back yesterday i filmed
out the first challenge video and it's
it's really fun because you know it's
it's not just me trying to be no okay at
a game it's actually me trying to to
show the internet I do not suck
completely one hundred percent and and
and so it's been really fun reviving
that channel we're gonna try and film
out a lot of stuff because we're going
to South by South West Wednesday for a
week that's gonna be fun and then
miserable and one of the things I
definitely want to include on LTA is not
just challenge videos but also us
competing in the office and so we have
we messed around a little bit before
before recording footage of some smash
brawl Rawls blue la main point I lost I
wasn't a big fan of that you knocked me
oh my god I know okay so he has two
limes I have one I feel like every time
we actually film me playing a game I
lose
oh and all these things just they've
made me think about change a lot because
you know some of the change is is really
good some of its bet a lot of it's just
scary because you know you get used to
things and and now everything
everything's changing and I say that in
I don't know it's kind of a a bitter
sweet sense because all of all the good
things i have have come out of scary
moments a moments of uncertainty and I
don't know it's I don't know it's it's
something I've been thinking about you
know transition and as much as I'm
scared of it I know that I thrive on it
and yeah if you get anything out of
today it's one uh change to hope and
three vote for me in the next election
even though I'm not old enough yeah I
just wanted to express my feelings to
you because your way cheaper than a
therapist and I love your faces and I
thought you could relate because I love
your video responses if you are
experiencing change you don't have to
leave a comment down below but maybe
send in a video response I love those I
was still now finished the ones on where
I asked who you guys are and uh I know
it's good times good times it's good I
gotta go
