oh hey I'm about to shower now I'm out
of the shower and now we go gets the
coffee oh Jesus I didn't even show you
what happened when I got the coffee
spoiler alert I got coffee oh man that
was ah now you don't have to watch the
whole video um so today is a big day and
so there's a lot of reorganization here
of people moving to different rooms new
places being rented for different
businesses more on that later right what
am I talking like that but what I mean
what I'm excited about today is two
things happened a while ago you saw me
too voice over stuff in a booth and
you're like what is it for well it was
for this thing called trailer trash I
would you say tv-ma rated show so mature
audiences only and it's actually it's on
hulu so if you want to check it out i do
i do the voice of it's weird it's weird
hearing my voice over a cartoon I do the
voice of a police officer um you know
I'm like I'm like ice cube you know I
was a gangster and now I play a police
office was ice cube where's it iced tea
for his nice coffee it's one of the
rapper's one of the dudes it was like
NWA but then but then he started selling
like Tupperware and he was on like cnc
ionno one of those guys anyway I come
from the streets and so I did voice
stuff for them and the something they
did for me because I was there I was
always talking about i wonder what a
philip defranco show would look like
animated and then you know I recorded
some stuff in them they made me this hey
welcome to the Philip DeFranco show
today we are doing the show from the
moon with my special guest space bear
first thing we're going to talk about
today is Anne Hathaway oh my god space
where where'd you get that gun spaceman
this was so unexpected damn you space
bar oh no you know what I realized I
hang around Toby too often now I hear
his voice in the in like the back of my
voice sometimes audience audience would
even what are you doing listening to
philip defranco do a terrible impression
of me tobyturner audience or i think as
long as you get the whole audience can
you do it oh yes no that's terrible I
physically oh it's like oh my god gone
so if you want it if you want to check
out trailer trash though there are three
episodes up I believe I'm voiced in all
three it's actually it's kind of it's
kind of so I don't even know how to
explain it it's only 18 and older so you
actually you do have to have an account
on hulu but definitely check it out
links to the episodes down below um you
can tell which character is voiced by me
because you're gonna be like oh why is
philip defranco voice playing damn it I
hear it again oh I must kill Toby Turner
wait what else is there there is um I
went to k1 with Toby Justine Maddie Tony
for Toby's birthday because we're all 12
years old on the inside were like
go-karts let's do that but then um I
accidentally crashed into Justine and
then she sent me this picture of her
bruise that I gave her which is kind of
amusing and I'm gonna put a picture of
it on my wall oh and of course there is
a monday philip defranco show as usual
but um even more specialty after you
check out trailer trash after you check
out after you check out trailer trash
and comment on how terrible Phil's voice
acting is you check out the new LT a
video which is a me play
some black ops but a lot of people were
like Phil go back to playing video games
I was like yeah okay I guess I got
nothing else better to do and so I did
that and yeah I love your faces I gotta
head off here and prep because we're
leaving Wednesday for South by Southwest
we're gonna be there for a week so if
you're in austin texas holla at your boy
if you're a fan of maddie holla at that
boy and maybe maybe you can meet him
meet him and hug him with your mouth
yeah yeah all right he's smiling he
smile now he's no he's squinting he's
smiling so hardly squinting okay I'm
gonna go
