who vlogs like this in a row Philip is
sticking to his word why does the world
come to
so I'm sitting here and I'm looking
through all your video responses
yesterday and all the comments the
comments for the most part are good
there are there are negative things here
and there look Phil you're what you've
the best job how could you ever beat are
you depressed I don't think people
understand this Madi no I think you
understand you understand this you're
you're about as manic as I but no matter
no matter how good many things are in
your life people get sad people get
depressed I mean just because you have a
good thing in your life that's like
saying hey person with giant penis
everything in your life must be good
because you have a giant penis hey
person with lots of money everything in
your life must be good
hey woman with love big labia everything
in your life must be amazing
I don't know but first thing I want to I
want to jump in to thank you for all of
your responses and it was amazing how
many of you related the tone I think
could be to take depicted the best by
one of you guys named Shelby who the
entire time you could see how stressed
you were and I felt and I felt bad
because I completely get that feeling
because I was I was way more stressed
out in college because I didn't know
what I wanted to be and I fucked up
pretty much everything I touched and and
I saw people around me be becoming more
successful or some people even be
getting families when I was like 20 and
I was like you're fucking crazy but they
were like oh but it's everything I
always wanted to be a mother I don't
know I still don't
I still don't I mean I know it's for
some people I don't know how you you
want to get pregnant at 21 I know some
people do and they're happy but uh and
and you know just just know that it does
it does get better but depression will
happen from time to time about different
because life is ever-changing some
people thought I broke up with my
girlfriend no the reason we came back I
said this on Twitter and I it's stupid
of me I always think hey if I said it on
Twitter everybody knows that not true at
all because everyone follows like a
million people on Twitter we came back
from our trip because Lindsay got sick
and and I didn't want to just drag her
along well she's like I'm laughing
miserable
so no we didn't break up I love I love
my lindsay.wood Oh since her no there is
something else oh yes the weight loss
day 30 if you follow you know I have a
had a weight loss challenge with Shay we
weighed in he weighed and he lost twenty
point eight pounds I weighed in and this
happened boom I thought I did awesome I
lost seventeen point four pounds which
was a weight loss of seven point four
percent Shay lost seven point four
percent as well but he beat me by point
zero two it was a point zero zero to
something something so minuscule it was
ridiculous like I should have I should
have shaved every piece of hair on my
body and I think I would have won and
and he beat me so then I announced it on
Twitter I was like Shay beat me and
which he said okay the money you have to
donate to charity is and then he named
my favorite charity pkt org and I was
like oh Shay O'Shea's sweetheart I love
you in the face you dirty bastard
dirty bastard as my nickname for him his
nickname for me is I like your penis on
my face person it's a weird name anyway
yeah so after that we weighed the the
interns to see who won the inner office
battle and this one happened
196 which means 243 which is 15 pounds
what is it 15 you ready Oh a hundred
eighty seven point four but the main
thing in this video were uh fill I've
been with you since like oh seven you
know you get like this every now and
then yes and it just proves once again I
got like this a lot what helps me
through our good people around me also
Maddie every now and then you're not
good people and then and then music so
I'm gonna I'm gonna leave you with this
I I saw this video this morning and it
warms and melted my heart
if you want to see the full video I'll
have a link in the description but I
hope you guys are doing well I am still
alive this Thursday and I love your
faces all so happy birthday to mr. toby
turner 26 years ago epicness came out of
your mother's vagina and and the rest is
history
i think is a history and it's also the
future toby turner at the time machine I
wish I didn't stutter
