hello interwebs you and I we used to
chat used to chat about the world things
stuff and other things and other stuff
it's Wednesday and I was sitting here on
the couch I was like when was the last
time I just had a random chat with the
the people at home and in the office and
in there cause even though they
shouldn't be watching this in there
cause because they might die crash and
kill us someone and people will be on
fire and I remember when I when I
started making these videos essentially
because I want to show people my daily
life but then also because when I sat
down and just chatted about whatever not
necessarily news it was a lot cheaper
than going to a shrink and I didn't put
any medicine in my body um it was all
natural it was from the earth it was but
we would I know he would talk about
about sad things and good things and I
was I was stirred up today when I saw a
few things there's a few things going
out of my life that it will not
reference right now but one thing that
caught my eye was I saw snooki on the
cover of Rolling Stone and I was how far
down as Rolling Stone come I mean
rollers don't need to be a magazine
about music and and it would actually be
you know you'd be like oh I should
definitely check that out oh that's
really cool that's really interesting
and then they have Snooki in my opinion
and no offense actually offense who is
essentially a circus bear with a hat in
a unicycle and and we continue to to
further perpetuate this idea that we
should idolize this little no offense
this dwarf nothing against dwarves I
mean technically she actually is a dwarf
because she is under 4 foot 11 yeah but
but I mean it's not even as she suffers
you short it's that she she is
essentially everything that people
should not be
like I watched the Jersey Shore and i'll
enjoy the jersey shore because it's like
when you go to the zoo you know you uh
you you look at the the silly animals
you don't want to be them but you know i
watched jersey shore cuz I'm like Ali
these fucking people I'm a decent human
being who judges people because they're
different no but I was I was just
thinking like man how far has Rolling
Stone come and I mean we're all we're
all guilty of it and in some way shape
or form pandering because we know that
it'll get more attention I mean I I
completely i understand that but it's
just like this big publication does I
don't know it just seems like you
stopped trying but uh yeah man and then
it makes me think about a about
everything we're doing we us not even
just youtubers people online because
there are people online that you know
it's all about the ideas and and the
talking and the words and the stuff and
spreading truth or lies you know and
other people the internet is a place
where you post stuff that couldn't get
on TV or movies I mean it's it's it's
it's good for all I've just been
thinking about what I do would I do and
why and just why every everyone and
everything is it matches I start
thinking that again which means that I'm
coming up to a very creative place I am
a victim of repetition in the sense of I
have a manic cycle I haven't ever been
deemed manic-depressive but I am kind of
a like like we talked in with the last
vlog I'm kind of like all going and I'm
like lay in my room but I never fully
shut down not yet i'm waiting for it
that'll happen probably in my my early
30s well be like i'm old i don't want to
do anything every day but uh you know
what's life constantly trying to figure
out and justify who you are I don't know
I'd be very
interested to hear from you guys where
you are and who you are like who you are
where you are where you want to be and
so on this video i'm gonna i'm going to
turn video responses on approve only so
that we don't get spammed with luck hey
look at my 12 sketches it's all about
penises jokes penis penis jokes not just
penises that me where and show entire
show about penises anyway there was a
joke there and then i missed it i missed
the joke train because i don't have any
cuts in this video main point of this is
i'm going to try and check in every day
and just say well you know it's on my
mind show you things that have been
doing and yeah i think i think would be
good it'll be fun for me may be
interesting for you and yeah i don't
know i'm feeling like I need a little
bit of that a charlie sheen tiger blood
I do Maddie I do Maddie's Maddie's
editing and he's laughing I need that
Charlie Sheen tiger blood I was talking
my dad this morning and he's like you
know what he's like Charlie Sheen he's
crazy but he is banging two chicks and
he's on lots of drugs it's like if I was
20 and then continued to act like I was
24 28 years that's where that's if
that's Charlie Sheen that's what my dad
said um I on the other hand have never
done I've never done uppers I think I
think I never thought that I would want
to be on a drug that would make me well
other than other than not riddle and
adderall but that both because I had
ADHD guy those shrinks just put on
fucking medicine there's like Oh
something's wrong with you take these
pills fix what God fucked up anyway I'm
gonna hop off but remember video
responses comments I might reference it
in tomorrow's video whatever we're
calling these and check out today's
Wednesday philip defranco show as well
as my buddy trainer David messed around
and made something
cool today and things and stuff and
words I'm gonna log off of my camera
dude oh oh man now I'm signed out
technology
