love the technology the technology of
the fret so how you doing today I'm so
glad you did not knock I just walk in
now do what I want there's another death
stare I'm just wondering where you gonna
go with it
no wonder what I should get my own why
are you in here Starbucks did it again
Phil do you remember that unicorn frat
bullshit tastes like sugar nothing I
don't I'm so confused by yes now they
have a zombie Fred oh good what the
world needed world needs more bullshit
in the world so we're gonna go get some
feel great yeah aren't you happy and
excited that this is what we do here's
the thing I'm fine with you making a
stupid move because you know that people
are gonna want to like do stupid
bullshit for your Instagram game get it
yeah but coffee of it just put your
Starbuck put coffee in it but that's
gonna change the colors they're gonna be
his appetizer there's no Santa Claus no
fences no Santa Claus rap why you hate
Christmas
yeah why do you hate Jesus oh damn you
bub Jay where's Starbucks where does all
that work out so they came out slower
Jesus okay that's where we went brain
all right Phil long ago it some don't
even come back unless you ask them why
they hate Jesus that's gonna be a tough
one or you know be it more awkward when
they ask for our name I'll be like Jesus
and they'll say sorry get out we hate
Christmas and Jesus hashtag Starbucks
today Starbucks released a zombie
Frappuccino so you ladies ready for the
zombie Frappuccino that we're getting at
Starbucks dude are they gonna do
reindeer Frappuccino thus Thanksgiving
turkey Frappuccino no I just made those
up to be clear
Starbucks made this it's not like a
weird drink it's just a different
Starbucks crap
horn one tastes like garbage - yes taste
it super sweet garbage I never tried it
this is a part of the game you're like
oh that's from Starbucks and it tastes
delicious and it's great and then you
put something nasty in there no I think
that Starbucks is noses game that a
bunch of stupid people are gonna buy it
like us because it's just the thing to
do and take a picture with it on
Instagram so they can make yeah yeah
yeah into the trip all right let's go
waste our money and time right Briana
don't waste my money it's company money
okay 25 cents for a water really next
year we're gonna do the pumpkin
trafficking and it's gonna look like a
fucking pumpkin in it these people were
different on Instagram he's picking the
pill - I know so he told me as best he
can figure out it was a caramel apple
perhaps from a green apple with mocha
sauce that's been colored and then
whipped cream that's just been told it
sounds like it's gonna be disgusting
caramel and mocha frappuccino with some
apple flavor pulse which is a typical
rabbit II know but they put zombie in
front of in people by says in a written
series was it about a bunch of idiots -
right movie scripts and star but there
they are America and hope you're happy
the biggest nerd right now
America bill yay we got some dirty looks
first bill you pick it up pick and she's
there she's waiting yeah okay I'm good
okay I'm doing taste testing it's not
good what do we expect it actually
tastes in a statistical Frappuccino this
is dangerous man get this away from me
kill zombie threat to zombie friend wait
too many flavors going on in here if I
really sour apple but then like nuts
pill it starts off with like the sour
apple and then you get like right now
random hit us something at the end is
someone just put out that bullshit on
the top there like looks like a brain
boom nailed it everyone's gonna do it
for the gram again we're part of the
fucking problem Joe we're like let's
make a video all right who else is
trying Christy it's like a joke ongoing
joke now I want to try god what the fuck
no no no like 40 bucks sorry we have to
go to lobby yeah we have to take it to
the lobby downstairs yeah it's got much
better like yeah
is called curating content or oh that's
good thank you
he wants to try this on me crap he wants
you up first it's not bad you know the
nodes are doing now they know what's
gonna stop because it's supposed to be a
zombie zombies
nobody's been sick right it's like you
those caramel apple five people are you
drink out of that one but and what are
your thoughts well the problem is I'm
really thirsty it's just so you know you
put any any liquid in front of me right
now I'm gonna drink yeah it's not good
no dad gets worse there we go okay let's
see it's very weird
it kind of we've set a wall spritz got
employer II front front taste but then
it's got this weird like wants to be
chocolate like pasty taste on the back
of your mouth it's weird zombie
Frappuccino drink it and you're dead
inside apples and crap that's too much
have a lot of stuff yeah too much
laziness I feel they don't put effort
into this shit alright well what are
your thoughts of this technology that
love the technology the technology of
the fret is work with me I don't know
hey hey I feel like we got an
opportunity here what what do you mean I
want to show you something me what
where'd your mind go okay what we have
an opportunity
is that though is this BuzzFeed bill
they copied our ideas they broke into
your home I learned what you were
dreaming of before you made the video
this is bullshit I think I think you
need to make a video but only if it's
like you in the video like in the
thumbnail like yeah yeah I'm down oh
well this is a copy of how they've been
doing experience become throw up wins
the day oh wait was it yeah we were
taking credit know what I mean I was
just gonna because i speeded keys so
much but phil when was that it was well
there videos people face to face their
fears in virtual reality there's
differences here's the thing there's two
people in our video there's one person
at a time and everything open we cover
three fears they cover what is I think
there's like VR face your fear I think
we should call them out so what's their
thumb that guy being freaked out by a
spider
that's almost if you think about it am I
the spider of our thumbnail let's see
that plays gear VR face your fears
Loki games four months ago face your
fears Joe I think we stole from someone
else no I'm just parallel think no no
dear BuzzFeed send Joe twenty thousand
dollars yeah we should we should flag
their video and and ask if we can get
part of the best YouTube the next one
they're gonna do is about whales so what
about pipes okay if they put out if they
put out a face your for your video about
whales you win see ya you would that
it's just like come on then they're even
smarter than us because they took our
idea and made three videos out of it
instead of as long I know
see I'm gonna work start working at
BuzzFeed I can do this that's your
takeaway from this feel like if I can't
breathe
as well joy right uh any less words on
the fray it's horrible that we agree on
something
yeah hey yeah Starbucks bringing people
together yeah America what's about now
they need to put Santa Claus back on the
fuckin cup and stop a Christmas that's a
puzzle all right I think we're done I
don't know white shoes on a rainy day
like this you should have never gave a
pro subscribe me now she texted me she
was like how do I put on a wig let's
just put it on I don't know what to say
you're just just a mouse a very humble
Mouse Luke is do you work at Star Trek
or something or yeah Starfleet officer
at shirt oh it's a red shirt because
you're disposable yeah we don't dispose
of you we are
this is very basic this is basic
because your dress ridiculously we look
