I just article that's awesome I hate new
haircuts because you can kind of see in
on the side cuz my hair is like super
straight so unless like gel it down like
you can see my Scout sucks anyway that's
a super fun factoid do what it's time to
do what time it is dance merrily
two-step and have girls grind on me I
think that's why they invented that
right no what you don't think so Danny
we need more girls in here dirty girl
jokes you can't I mean it's not like you
can't I think we know I think we'd all
feel better if you if you were like if
you just said weird inappropriate things
because then because I'm not worried I'm
not worried that marks and be like Phil
had a unsafe environment for men so I'm
making a documentary about
people named Tony
how do you feel like that's impacted
your life well it's it's not Anthony so
Oh jellies actually Tony is that is that
rare people are complicated and it is it
is very great world me no no no Tony
Tony likes to say that because yeah for
the past is a year and a half two years
five thousand years to past five
thousand years as we're both vampires if
you watch blackboxtv you know that ring
never ends with something good no he's
had to deal with me being complicated
for the most part it's because I burn
out every like three months where like
is not burn out to the extent of like
Charlie Sheen charlie sheen but you know
it's like he's seen it I think I'm good
now better rather I'm not I'm not fixed
I'm still in some ways I'm a lazy
workaholic which is a weird thing to be
I think that's the best way to deserve
them because I'm very motivated until
I'm not Tony I want to ask you a
question yes through the good and the
bad of YouTube and then the stuff that's
happened with YouTube why do you still
make make videos or help other people
including myself make videos in some way
shape or form that's an on-the-spot one
now I love making stuff yeah I like
doing what I do so even like a bad days
good days or days when I'm disappointed
with views or days with it and I don't
think people get stuff that's just what
I do I imagine all like the people that
all the
we get to talk to and we get to meet
with James Cameron or Wes Craven or
whatever like I would have never been
able to do that if I hadn't posted a
video to YouTube so yeah so I love it
just true it's true if if we did not
love it in some way shape or form we
would we would yeah I think they're
they're like 20 things easy just off the
top of my head I could make more money
doing like a professional porn star
magician or rocket a porn star or doctor
put the stock in for instance well it's
a rocket scientist but you're not smart
you're just a porn star any like Rockets
preachy I know I've been semi preachy
and I you know I feel like half the time
that I'm talking about like stay up guys
you're good I'm like really just talking
to myself because it's like I feel like
a lot of people need to hear like just
breathe like and care about something
and love something and it's like 90% to
you 10% to me because I think you have
to be reminded that you have to you have
to have love involved in somewhere in
your life and it can't be just like
another person loving you or you loving
another person it has to be your whole
life has to be about love or hates look
or hate I'm just trying to get them to
associate love with me and hate with you
in love with me and you know the truth
anyways I would I internet philip
defranco would like to know
how big is it I mean your love for
yourself
