why are there so many posters with your
name on them because um voice of a
generation for you impressed fun on
multitasking skills really feel how do
you talk on the phone and start amazing
on sobre o you're the best Phil DeFranco
in the world other than the jazz
musician that's actually dude there is a
Phillips Franco Oh God unless I went up
no I didn't that's special that was a
limited edition i ever played chubby
bunny Matt verse Jamie chubby bunny well
I can't I can't do it unless you try I
got a lot of requests or like food or do
a show me bunny I like these are my
explains oops chubby bunny chubby bunny
chubby bunny chubby bunny tell you bunny
having money on yourself controlling
body she's crying you made her cry about
wow it's a kind of perfect margarita
thanks so much more respect for girls I
want to play to you you want to do it by
yourself Kenny money so is that process
all chubby honey honey honey
do you think it'll swallow my spit up
i'm free wyd so it's Monday and a lot of
people they send down a lot of stuff mr.
Michael Woods sent me some of the stuff
that he works on which is as a graphic
novel called the outlaw territory
terraforming and is volume 12 I've yet
to read it but I gave it an a because
he's apparently a fan of the show and
that's cool I've never seen anyone write
my name like this in my life never in my
world Ronald J made a really nice piece
of artwork and I don't know I want to
put this somewhere but I don't want to
put it on my wall because I don't know
what that says about a person I give
this to Sebastian as a present so you
can wake up and go that's the guy I love
and sometimes I massage with soul
shoulders Joshua show also keep in mind
i'm not gonna I'm not going to talk
about every letter I get just to show
some stuff like Rafael from Brazil
apparently made this was that look like
wait where my bus I don't know what my
glasses up then you know I don't talk
about a lot of the letters people write
me in the mail because a lot of them are
personal but i'd like to introduce you
to been summer 2008 he was a big dude
winter 2010 a little dude he has this
amazing story of you know people not
believing in him people he cared about
it's an amazing story of really what
what you can do when people say you
can't do it really is all about like if
you want stuff he's got to show up and
try most of us suffer from some sort of
retardation for a large part of our
lives until we realize oh that's
open but once you once you see that
light it's it's amazing because the only
person is really in your way is yourself
or God if he's giving you a disease the
last thing is possibly my favorite
because you might have been in the
background like a filk why do you have a
very large I can use this as a hat it's
a hat inside of said giant bra is a
message it's actually a very hurtful
message first time I've ever been
offended with a broad to the interns the
true stars of the philly d vlog i won't
i won't contest that Maddie is so hot
and you Sebastian Sebastian holding the
camera love from your biggest fan that
might actually be true so Sebastian this
is yours there you go Hannah also
included this but Phillip what is on
that disk with lipstick well you popped
it in and it was magical she's showing
us of course what the brawl looked like
on her I like the downer angle i never
really recommend the downward angle when
filming a girl but it does make her
breasts larger than life like that and
that and this is something that we start
on the website sometimes we do it we
might do it on a regular basis I felt
like I was objectifying women even
though I was trying to be like hey
what's up sexy ladies in the nation be
proud but then some ladies were like oh
I also received this in the mail and
which is it's an awesome picture of a
monkey with a sandwich and I was excited
about this the only thing that was kind
of scary this showed up at the office
which is like a secret address not sure
how anyone has that so awesome / scared
if you want to send something in because
he wants to give us something cool to
put on our walls once you give us
inspiring stories and questions I want
to give Sebastian your bra / panties the
address is down below in the description
of course if you want to be
Hannah and and sent in pictures you can
send them to the nation is sexy
gmail.com hi nation is probably
something that we're going to bring back
but we've just been kind of overwhelmed
with me being gone all the posters and
other things and stuff out man such a
hard life we live
