hi I'm Phil I do stuff on youtube for a
living
these are some of my friends these are
the inserts this is the girl that lets
me touch her boobies and you're watching
a video series about my life Sebastian
why are you rolling those stars why are
you rolling them Arthur why is Sebastian
so lazy I think it's cuz he's British
yeah mark yes sir you want to give me a
might give me a status update after this
is all done it would be about twenty
five percent done it out cool all right
what are what are your thoughts on the
matter Sebastian
alright well as exciting as it is to
watch you guys roll posters I think it
would be a little bit more exciting is
instead if I interviewed everybody in
the office with completely ridiculous
questions so let's do that my name is
Mark what do you do here at different
dokie well aside from just helping out
whoever needs help out I'm in charge of
merchandise shooting department so
imagine here at the middle of the Sahara
with only three days of water and your
extensive pod collection you travel
north south east or west um buzz in
Sahara Desert I would go west a
particular reason why California's in
the left eventually I'll element and the
home I name is Sebastian what do you do
here at DeFranco alright so here's the
Franco ink I into one of many and
basically most of what i do is black box
TV I'm PA all shoes they do and then
I'll help around the office where and
then the last question so which would
you prefer a box of priceless chinese
chocolate or a lifetime supply of
pepperoni hot pockets ah not a big fan
of pepperoni but i'll go in the laptops
and i cannot form and i need lots of
food I just seems more valuable that's
what it comes down to whichever
whichever gives you a larger monetary
value so choose my women to my name is
Matt and Matt what what do you do here
I'm an burger for Phil and then last
question consider the following you are
a chemical engineer working at the local
USC chemical building attempt using will
find 500 milliliters of acetone mean 25
millimeters and exit at the tempeh main
80 millimeters of docs on me and five
shots and foods it's successful what
compound do you think you would create
probably nyquil yeah because I mean I
wrote these questions oh so I know what
the answers are uh-huh yeah you put that
stuff together it makes a nice boat so
I'm not really sure what the point of
that question is my name is Danny what
do you do here at the Franco well my
titles production is
but I may feel like the office manager I
handle all the human resource and stuff
we'll be counting people work as
scheduled meetings for Tony and Phillip
a handle or travel arrangements when
they travel I also help the black box of
your location scouting casting props
costumes help with budgeting on it and
then this began first super that box
yeah so I do everything if you a
magically transform into any type of
insect which would it be one I think I'd
like the power if you feel like a
tarantula become travel skinship I'd
like to be able to be like oh my name is
James so James what do you do here at
DeFranco me I'm a producer and director
and editor and do you pick white or
black when playing chat slack your butt
yeah you know you don't want to run the
risk of seven races I think black
because it reminds me Darth Vader my
name is Tony Danza what do you do here
at your Frank ok I basically just make
stuff you know let's make blackboxtv
work on other channels q would fail like
totally awesome sometime I'm gonna start
working with trainer David which is
really cool shoot some stuff asleep so
I'm excited about that so I just make
stuff so when you were growing up did
you ever think about accidentally
getting sucked down the drain in the
bathtub yes I was terrified I don't know
what is it they get on the bathtub there
was like some other world underneath
there that was bigger than the bathtub
there's a people down there and they
would just pull you through the drain if
you got too close to
Oh
