hello from keeps asked me to login
hello from the boat
travel on Walter
Jesus
currently not talking to me because i
joyfully said hey if you don't talk to
Amsterdam's I could fill a blog i'll
give you fifty euros see thinks i'm
gonna pay off even if I do
or liquored let me go kisses prepare the
form of kisses so she's actually going
to owe me money everyone
she doesn't know what I'm Philip
DeFranco talking about and he maketh his
my name is not inserting super that I'm
going to a feminist joke this without
getting off the boat we must go to the
bus station who then take us the
airports and blue machine it's gonna
probably be up here must do it
so uh we just cut her bus tickets caught
on the buzzy in the alien like three
minutes ago the last Islamic banks
toughest yeah
I'm just really hopefully we'll have a
small plane but I'm so scared small
planes I notice a my love because that's
the only way to get able to you oh my
gosh oh my Carolina's get Annika 16 c5
is it it's actually two seater I'm
flying Viva Italy so uh we've gone to
the airport um I'm having a Valeska
pechito in Italy Lindsey of course
having a beer as a she's a man or
alcoholic my terminology for it but uh
oh they're gonna think he really have a
problem
oh please don't get back all right so
board the plane and it's actually a good
play yeah Oh God good but the planes
good hopefully uh see we'll see how it
goes yeah duh hello I'm trying to stage
it you know what I'm gonna say look you
traded me in for a boy no uh the one
thing i will say i like about europe so
far as are the other trains like yeah
you know coming out of LA you're just
used to like oh I have to go somewhere
that six miles away I guess that'll take
four hours I'll have you take a cab
horse it in my own rented car well if
you're traveling I like trains are so
cheap and hope all of them have been
like well kept yeah good times sir Sir
sir
oh so we have arrived in Amsterdam
trying not to get hit my trams we've
been really lucky with the timing so far
we go we got on a bus uh like a two
minutes we got on a bus Sheba the
support was going to leave which allowed
to sit on our flight on time our flight
got in just in time so that we could run
to the tram and oh no no no run to the
train that took us through the tram that
we boarded illegally you just want to
stay at the Marriott no it's let's
hostel it bitch I'm worried maybe maybe
you're like gonna be all pampered from
our stay in venice no no I just know
your kind of what not feeling well and
we're going to a party hospital and so
much you know what if if it's a party
hostel I'll make it a party hostel ah oh
I just have to a
throw up first that's the plan sweet
arrived
I'm gonna go to HP hope you guys are
good this one laid out about that so
here I know what to do is right now I
just have a science museum
and bring out and break house Lindsey
the red light district 20 take getting a
job at science museum some appropriate
light districts that was okay but put on
the itinerary
