bombed or no internet oh but my name is
philip defranco oh hello i am in venice
italy internet and i realized that it's
been about a week since i last updated
you on how i was doing let's follow me
on twitter and facebook in which case
you've seen pictures but it's not the
same as talking to you i miss it why do
i miss it because it's part of who i am
i can't i cannot help it i'm in venice
italy we're taking today's slow we're
gonna have like a slow day because uh
you know we've kind of been breakneck
speed not necessarily we've been having
fun we went to Rome there I saw the
other calcium the Vatican a few other
places drove a moped through the through
Rome and through the countryside partly
because it was fun partly to get apple
computer chargers because our cheapo
converters broke except one of them one
of them was awesome then we went to to
Florence and you know we saw the Duomo
we saw Michelangelo Michelangelo's David
the real one that's at the academia and
the one brent is fake all over the place
many fake penises they're my favorite
moment probably in Florence was Lindsey
looking at all the naked statues and
going why are all of their penises
inverted I was like no they're just not
circumcised she's like oh ho ho that's
what it looks like hmm that's not how
Lindsay talks but um I was like oh
that's adorable who is adorable and then
we saw much stuff there it's really cool
just I don't know it's just really good
vibe really good food really good wine
really good other stuff and then of
course now we're in Venice we've gone
with a gondola ride the other boat rides
we have gone
to the bell tower the other thing go
what it's called Lindsay what's the
other thing st. Mark's Square and so
today I'm probably gonna chill outside
and just enjoy coffee after coffee and
people watch and maybe edit together
video because we've been shooting with
the n5 d and some of the stuff looks
fantastic like I said we took a gondola
ride last night and was gorgeous it's
just a just a good time this would be
our last day in Italy tomorrow and then
we're going to Amsterdam to do whatever
people do in amsterdam get fucked up and
Ed Frank's ha no no that's inappropriate
no I heard Amsterdam's actually you know
even though it's known for like the red
light district and their constant
druggies currently it's it's a very
gorgeous place we're going to get some
bicycles or ride around a grill in the
park maybe maybe go to a coffee shop or
two and then we're gonna go to London
where we're still thinking of possibly
doing a London meet up I'm just scared
because it's going to end up one of two
ways either I'm gonna schedule it on
next saturday and no one's going to show
up or I'm gonna schedule a next Saturday
and too many people going to show up and
there's gonna be no way to keep that
organized but I'm trying to think of how
to do it I know a lot of people have
been requesting it and I'd love to meet
to meet uh London or just British who
cares in general I'd love to meet
everybody but um london i think is when
we have the most downtime because i
think i will to try and visit some
family because my cousin and my uncle
live in london yeah so just just
figuring it out um definitely definitely
having a good time but the other words
and things what else what else internet
I don't know um Oh a few people have
been asking me about the other videos on
the main channel because because I just
noticed the crew has has been writing in
the description as if I'm writing them
and they're like yo here's some ladies
I've picked up also I'm in Italy That's
not me um
blue Buddha we filmed out everything
literally the day before I left I was
like fuck like okay so this is this is
how the two weeks of videos that you've
seen a week of and you're going to see
one more week of came to be I was like
what it'd be awesome if valentine's day
we took over youtube like literally
we'll just have a stupid video in each
category it'll just have hot chicks and
people would just like click through to
see hot chicks doing something and it'll
be funny and then the day the day I was
leaving I was like no I'm completely
changing the idea if we do that then we
only have one day of videos but if we do
the other thing then we'll entertain at
least sixty-five percent of our audience
our male audience until until I get back
then the event of course a thirty-five
percent of women will hate me but when I
get back we'll realize how sarcastic and
charming i am and go Phil I forgive you
for the constant boobies in my face
perfect and the whole thing on top of it
I was like well we need to get to two
models i want i want to have like two
models for this thing in the future so
let's just get a bunch of models see who
does the best and do that and then again
somehow it's turned into content very
very lowest common denominator we know
that it's gonna get views and be a
little dirty but that's only because uh
anyway abbath i don't i don't know a
good way to say anyway guys I love your
faces I miss you because even taking a
vacation it's a very weird thing to say
is it's very fun but there is five
percent of me that constantly misses the
daily conversation with you guys not the
first stores or the I hate your face
errs but you know the nation my monkeys
and yeah I just want to make a quick low
quality video because the Internet is ok
here it's not great and I need to be
able to upload it but I love your faces
um I'll be back to talking to them
relatively soon and yeah
