pillow fight girls change okay Brooke
talk to me woman are you a race car
driver down
much better right
I chicken and I
nobody Chainz outfit oh yeah
here's our beautiful hair stylist doing
work on this beautiful pillow fighter
turned race car driver what's happening
hey I'm getting deep feathered I'll get
your savage that's great intense racing
going on in this bed over here
valentine's Day colors very fitting for
the week that it is got some onlookers
getting crazy over there huh
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
just be quiet and listen to me for just
one second okay yeah have something very
important to tell you but okay I should
remember what it is never trust yeah
yeah damn it don't hit me okay never
trust a Sears enough I'm stop talking to
me for one's here yeah yeah never trust
the president never ever trust like that
one guy that she knew in college never
trust turtles they will push it up
