welcome to philip defranco show welcome
to make it rain boys are you enjoying
this this hilarious exactly to the
creeper you watching the horrified can
you make your voice man oh we might be
in California but it's snowing up in
this that is the mouth see if so you're
an 18 year old boy that just I just got
this this is funny to look actually in
the filming the whole night oh oops not
sorry she feed it with a full and we're
still debating on who won she won cuz I
had feathers in my brain and my nose and
after he bonded with the feathers if you
like but I really like she was like hit
me harder I hit me harder I loved it I
was cool because I'm writing the night
before was my first phila fight a lot of
fun I'm allergic to feathers are you
really gonna be sneezing the rest of the
day beautiful
that was great that was great you rocked
it
