hi I'm Phil I do stuff on youtube for a
living these are some of my friends
these are the inserts this is the girl
that lets me touch her boobies and
you're watching a video series about my
life ok I will let them know that oh
that oh flip camera what's going on hi
how's it going like hi my name is name's
Matt look like what's what's your name
they always like this thing right here
like you're on the last phase five years
so in a little tired are we yeah really
I'm about five or six tomorrow how does
it how does it feel this dream this
dream sequence yes this dream it's so
bad like all I can think of is like shit
what
that's all I can think about them a real
real content producer work what are the
lines not hey what's all this business
we ever gone on the bed but what are my
lines true true actor two of our sports
girls didn't show up so we're
substituting the timeout so James James
writes all the jokes yes yes but it
number three say and you nicely a hit
number two haha number three say or do
you guys moving yeah number three hey
wait a min foo or just have a giant have
a big have a giant have a big won't have
a big have a big have a giant one that's
usually say fool me
