Bon Appetite this is stupid this is so
stupid then all of a sudden now
everyone's really quiet I know you just
fucked it up Joe hold them all shut up
yeah thanks I got the new mic yeah no
what are we doing I'm gonna be eating
the ghost pepper
Danny's and beating the ghost pepper I
think we got some people doing habanero
I think Joe is pushing it out like a
little bitch boy oh oh oh it's not like
the beginning of a sentence I haven't
liked Danny and I yeah we shouldn't make
plans for like another hour right if
we're being sensitive about it be fine
what are you gonna do I'll think about
it I'll see how much you guys are
sweating bad each body is different each
person will handle it in a different way
god damn it who's the third person with
us Brian that's where he thinks my
head's at so that makes him a racist
also I wasn't thinking that a little bit
oh yeah no I ate a piece of bread all
right though this is dumb oh and also
apparently I'm watching cringe videos of
myself so that's pretty much every video
that I made for like seven years it
feels like the beginning of a good
jackass stunts where they've like decide
to do too many things at once it's like
you get in a shopping cart and then they
replay everything your mom ever said
negative about you where you at Guinness
World Records yeah no I don't think
anybody's ever done this challenge I
don't think anyone's ever watched a
cringe compilation of Philip DeFranco
Andy yes Joe your fault though max I
think it's my phone all right cool well
good luck
I'm not excited I wish I could say that
what I'm doing right now is me playing
it out but I legit oh oh we have do we
have audio me you're beautiful bastards
welcome to the thing I have not looked
forward to all day and that is we're
gonna be no no or not from a long time
no no we're not gonna do that either
so with me I have Jani and Bryan I feel
like Danny is gonna be in the pain
Bryan's gonna be proven how much of a
little bitch I am because he's gonna be
like I'm I don't feel anything
Oh only despite you I know I know I
think we're gonna have a bond
I'm just gonna have a hatred for Bryan
these are huge they seem comically big
like I need some research but Bryan did
they add Ed's appears
cheers dude - cheers Cheers Bon Appetite
this is stupid
this is so stupid fun no it's great
so far so bad pretty bad me too I wanna
die
you got this bro my second time ever
taking adderall and I thought it was a
fucking genius thing I was like flying I
character for sure I can't this is like
Bobby Boucher is shit why'd you stop
doing these I just realize I talk like
this right now over here my ears just
popped out fuck again fuck
Jason wants to know what the glove is
about I thought it was cool here's old
yeah I think that pretty much just boom
you understand it was
MX 2192 sedan lens is the real MVP about
my penis on your face needs a number one
of those is that I need to put my penis
right there on your face remix of the
screen that fell through I co-wrote this
there's a work of art with the girl that
catfished me suffering for my art when
did you record the off-camera vocals do
you like the timecode also why is it
going to bars and tones and that's why
Jesus hates white people either okay so
I will now I will say why I didn't want
to eat it so today is the first day that
Lindsay has been cleared to be personal
again with me and I do not want to fuck
up my night and I'm not gonna do it for
patreon I'm not gonna do it for anyone
but I want to be known that that's
that's literally the only reason I feel
like for the habanero video I feel like
I had to play it up because I was doing
it with a bunch of people who were very
sensitive and also then James who has
like a throat condition that might kill
him James I think you're gonna die yeah
I heard
Brian nearly died on the other Brian on
the habanero challenge you were holding
yourself like you're in the cold like
someone left you in a blizzard
Oh No have you do another ghost pepper
yeah well give you $100 what person I
want to owe you $100 I was like that's
not coming from hell do you know that
400 hours why not hundreds doing it for
the creddies gonna get from the video
Cheers
I'm not your e-zine yeah I don't want
any accidental residual okay no some
stuck in my teeth
second ones not nearly as bad all right
it's good it's slowly coming though but
yeah I think it's gonna mainly be out of
him because I'm fine me too maybe we
should split a ghost pepper that was
amazing those big trip is fantastic it's
a big sinus thing at this point yeah I
mean it's pretty bad but like I'm not
crying all the way home
you are so who's doing it next oh come
on let's open that door and guilt-trip
someone into doing it so here here the
habanero this is a ghost pepper he
dammed
Oh Oh Oh careful with your fingers you
touched it now oh yeah so usually I
think you guys a mistake when he's
biting that last little beat the little
piece I can't speak make Joey one Joe
won't do it
Joe Joe's been making excuses and he's
like I gotta edit you okay let's just
fuck Jason is it you make it look like
everyone sweet Amanda to remind her that
she owes me a hundred always thank you
I'm not gonna give you a hug Jason is
not a laughing mood breathe breathe
through your nose
it's a your breath smells like
they retardant joe going through the
pain was his mouth not working
completely like correctly and he was
just like I'm just a little guy never
done something I hop before it's time
yeah yeah hi guys thanks for tuning in
bye bye hey baby girl I see you over
there and I'll be honest I'm starting to
stare because I'm thinking about my
penis on your face I have dreams and I
have needs and the number one of those
is that I need to put my penis right
there on your face your
