so um my Sarah Palin glasses because I
it's me only one it's like psychedelic
psychedelic like flowers a peace sign
are you gonna draw should we drop acid I
brought my struggle I I don't know I
know there have been a lot of blogs up
that's because we've been super busy
making stuff for you that I can post
while I'm gone I'm going we're going
where we go we're going we're flying to
Zurich and then we're flying to Rome and
then we're going to Florence and Venice
and then Amsterdam and place is
different we're gonna go somewhere else
well I mean uh yeah we have like my mate
yeah Lindsey was lying you want to go to
London and then you could do a meetup
and I was like kind of depends if
London's near the end of our trip it
will be a period yeah so if I'm not
rocked we're dead I'll give like a week
yeah we're dead I'll give you a week in
advance and maybe you won't allow the
London meet oh that's scary what's the
deal with the tentative 8b for that
20-something oh say I just clear out
everything in the 20s like 20 20 second
or eight
oh yeah we will dad no but uh yeah we're
going to be gone for two weeks I might
pop in from time to time but uh there's
a lot of behind-the-scenes footage and a
lot of really cool videos for the main
channel and Maddie's going to do some
creative stuff here on the blog so he
tells me I yes I'm this is like my first
vacation and how long ever never this is
the first one that we've ever taken the
other where he's not filming a shout
except i'm filming a fuck well but not
like the filming no no i'm a make me
work all is dead thank you unless unless
we're having the most amazing time in
the world I predict day for like get me
a computer I look purple it looks later
but yeah if you're any of those places I
don't know email me and tell me where to
go like you own a restaurant do you want
to poison me for give me delicious food
yeah sorry sir i think i think i was
just i think i was just video bombs i'm
pretty sure oh okay I'm gonna stop
saying things are going to be in trouble
