hello internet it is Tuesday look it's
beautiful in my office that I never
leave man so today's a special day
because our friends oh my god we're
buddies we had a drinks and we related
on many things I like punching dudes in
the face now we don't now we don't we
just think about it what that's so weird
I'm not talking about violence in this
video but just because it just things to
you you're like hey we're having a dance
contest and I was like awesome I don't
dance but they're like no yeah you do
yeah and I did apparently and they're
like you know we're having this dance
contest wheezy waiters doing and Charles
Trippy is doing it and I was like oh I
mean I love those guys I like to touch
their faces with my hands sometimes when
they're sleeping and and so they were
like also like if you do the dance
competition and then your guys both at
facebook.com slash Just Dance game click
on the just dance-off tab and you vote
for philip defranco because he's the
lord of the dance no he's not that's so
weird but if you do vote and we win
they'll give us like ubisoft video games
t-shirt swag in general to giveaway and
I was like okay yes deal if it was good
for my viewers but give me nothing that
that didn't happen you guys know me
better than that
and then and then I was like ok but can
we get someone awesome and they were
like yes would you like these people I
was like no if made Tricia Helfer
yes Tricia Helfer first name that came
to my mind and it happened and we filmed
it and it was fun so uh enjoy it as this
dance video that we do that we do that
we did and we will do in the future as
well don't get all the tenses I don't
know kind of breath because I'm holding
this camera and it makes my nose look
huger than it already is
go enjoy this video then do the things
at the
to the video and then you'll make me
happy and then let's not you with prices
possibly unless we lose in which case no
no no hello Internet today I have
devised the list of all this for your
valentine day needs specifically what
kind of present get your girlfriend or
your wife your special lady person they
don't talk about but heavily through I
realized but I had no idea what I was
talking about and that's why I brought
it and be very sexy and talented Tricia
Helfer you may remember her as over six
from Battlestar Galactica
guys thank you so much for watching our
just dance video contest entry be sure
to go to facebook.com slash Just Dance
game click on the just dance-off and
vote for us because we're amazing
specifically Trisha
