oh hey in said oh my god change there we
go i fix it did its need fixing hey so i
know that uh i didn't post a video since
last wednesday luckily Maddie helps me
out Thursday making the most awesome
blog that's ever been logged in the
blogosphere and i'm glad he was so
nervous i came in and he was like i
don't know what to do it i was like dude
go have your Hajj matchi and then I
disappeared in a vapor because i was
actually I wasn't even there I was just
in his head giving me advice like like
if he was in a karate match and I was
like and he was like I'll sweep the leg
wait is that nevermind um so that's I'm
taking a break with a camera cuz that's
that's how I do because I YouTube and
it's it's not there's nothing weird
about holding a 5d outside and pointing
it directly at your face from about
seven inches away with a wide angle lens
and then people come by they're like oh
fuck this is the weird alley to walk
down usually I was I was hoping to be
raped but now I just feel now I just
feel awkward because someone's talking
to themselves in super weird oh but um I
just I had this very weird thing and I
was like hey I'll talk to a camera we
used to do this from time to time and so
there's a possibility that in the coming
months if there is a demand I don't know
if there is some people feel like there
is but i might go around to a few
specific colleges i guess whoever
demands the most and and talk because
apparently people do that they they go
onstage they talked for like 30 minutes
do a Q&A hang out with a few people
afterwards and that's a thing apparently
and it sounds fun I'm like wait so
that's like it's like a meet-up but like
with security so I don't get stabbed
there like now there's no security does
it go wait what so I'm just like the
focal point and people who could like
set up in advance because they know
exactly where I'm gonna be in there but
yes yes that's what happens another god
it's miserable but I was like I wonder I
wonder would you if you were like out of
college you have a college closed what
do you want me to come and chat about
about the future of media or I don't
know what I would talk about but it
sounds it sounds fun because i love i
love meeting you got I don't know it's a
lot of things going on my head because
I'm growing up I was always very
skittish skittish is like a word you
give like a tiny dog that's like afraid
of tinier dogs and sorry I'm chewing my
gum really loud Toby gave me a piece of
gum and I was like I'm not sure this and
then I chewed it and salacious because
it tastes like mint chocolate chip and I
can't eat that right now but oh yeah so
I was always uh oh someone else staring
at me it's weird I'm gonna go into this
corner and the lights gonna change when
everyone's a bit like oh my god I can't
see you anymore um but even as a kid I
was even as good especially as a kid I
was I was terrified I was terrified of
like just talking to a person not even
in front of like not in front of a crowd
just like who people you know when i'm
still like that with some people
especially like if I like super like
respect them I'm like oh don't know
what's a shutdown I'm like a transformer
with self-confidence issues apparently
also not metal nonmetal at all except up
here in US ok this is metal no it's not
that's weird if your penis was metal
does that mean that magneto would be
able to make you hard much question if
magneto verse Wolverine does Wolverine
I'll get instant direction um see this
you could I could be talking about this
on stage and you'd be like I'm going to
respond to you you're an idiot oh but I
have this fear of talking a lot of
people like what yes big fear of talking
that's why my living is essentially made
by talking to myself I found a loophole
I can talk to myself record it hundreds
of thousands millions of people
sometimes see it I found a glitch in the
matrix um but you know I still I get I
get nervous I get like the clammy hand
and you know I just uh kind of scares me
but I want to know like do you do you
have those those problems and why do you
think you have them because I know that
growing up it was definitely because I
was always out of shape and even though
that like that's what kind of held me
back from being friends with a lot of
people on top of them making fun of fat
kids and I was fat look like it also
helps cultivate my personality because I
had I felt like I had to like make up
for my bad looks in my excessive weight
with my personality in some way I mean a
lot of big people know you make fun of
yourself before anyone else to make one
of you and people like oh it's funny
like it weirds me out when I hang out
people that don't know how to make fun
of themselves cuz I'm like cuz i work in
web most of us were losers in some way
shape or form and know all about like
self deprecation self-deprecating humor
anyway just just putting that out into
the universe seeing what you guys think
I don't know a lot of a lot of
interesting things happening oh by the
way I'm going to Rome Friday that kind
of just kind of flew in my lap guess
I'll tell you more about that tomorrow
but I'm gonna hop off make sure the
Franco show it works out today by
smacking that in the back of the head
and go wit where is it where's I don't
do that at all be if I'm making it um
okay I'm gonna go away I love your faces
given some of your pantses and sometimes
your pizzas no that's weird ah not that
anyway I'm gonna go chew this gum
obnoxiously and if you hate my face I
love you I love your face love your face
oh that's that's probably don't work
with a wide angle lens
