hi I'm Phil I do stuff on youtube for a
living these are some of my friends
these are the inserts this is the girl
that lets me touch her boobies and
you're watching a video series about my
life Danny what are you doing I'm
emailing rescheduling shit mm-hmm mm-hmm
yes she's working even though we're the
only people in the office right now and
she's making me look bad because she's
actually doing stuff which is which is
bizarre because normally normally she's
the lazy one so being that we are the
only people in the office I have decided
to uh to find the most obscure thing
that I could possibly find which is on
the internet which is how to sing
vibrato yes I'm gonna learn how to sing
librado caam to make sure that your eyes
like roll back into the back in the back
of your head you're like oh and because
I am really just a complete idiot retard
I've decided that if I'm going to do one
creepy thing I might as well do it make
it make it two and so I've created a
quick animation on the on the whiteboard
in dry erase marker of a woman singing
in rato and then her getting shot in the
face with a missile Danny I'm working
Danny I'm bored yup louise by myself
yeah ah
hey identically this is kind of like
masturbation or something why because
we're playing this in a we know because
I'm playing with myself oh yeah
