hi I'm Phil I do stuff on youtube for a
living these are some of my friends
these are the interns this is the girl
that lets me touch her boobies and
you're watching a video series about my
life or so on that you record about the
porn that we're shooting that right yeah
was a solid shot with the 5d this is all
oh you know if you just pull off here
with you when there will be able to sort
of here each other and then I'll just
start over okay huh just that part Oh
gonna card it's god-awful men okay smile
Egyptian um I'll give you a buck i don't
think i have a dollar and after most it
is because he's filming me and I don't
want to look like complete ass I'll have
to tell you is dead people here hey we
want to work I thought she worked here I
would go I was like it's Tony's getting
a package and she I think that's a trick
so I
oh my god this is the best commentary
ever like how did you get invited take
the fucking creepiest alley in the world
I know when you were looking at real
estate were you like what could fucking
freak or the most like what feels like
rape I think this alley buzz but real
good Linda Linda found until a manager
like pitching in to fill like so I
totally found an alley where people can
get baked in Arabia you can't turn your
car around like if there was a roof is
like like a NASCAR certified if I could
not get raped in this alley I want to do
a zombie alleyway thing that'd be so
cool speaking of rain flip do zombies
raping people Rob touch house here
around oh hi person on the internet
watching this video I feel like we have
a personal relationship and a bond much
like the bond to be and Maddie share
yeah why so much just doing a the part
of the job that he hates the most which
is um pulling pictures and video for out
of philip defranco show early in the
morning while we convert out all the
footage because it's 5d footage we
wanted to be Apple ProRes 422 footage
three people understand that um but yeah
I'm just looking through a the p.o box
stuff you guys been sending in a lot of
really cool stuff some some of you've
been sending in like the movies you made
in high school or college a lot of like
music stuff or like your are they called
are they call to eat peas is that what
it is EP like when one like a kid makes
an album like a seven song album is
abney p I don't even know what EP stands
for the question appeared to be
contradictory album would normally be
associated with LP or long play record
you play a
play record would normally have two
tracks per side hope that helps Brian
Brian your dick face Jessie I didn't
film a lot of stuff because we're moving
into my new house there's really no
reason to film because all it was like
me like trying to wipe snot off my face
and like onto moving boxes and setting
up the new house which is it's pretty
fantastic I didn't film because I know
when's do a good angry cuz she's like
already filmed tour video over our new
house was like bitch with a pleasingly
and move there yet that does it yeah ah
but I wanted to address a question a lot
of people ask what do the interns do
which is a good question mark what do
the interns to anything that wasn't
exactly that's what's the whole point of
an intern to do anything and everything
until we find out what they are good at
and or for and/or can learn mark what
have you learned so far it was good in
the world yes as well as a lot of people
like demon babies that tongue keeps in
his office is that about it as about it
demon babies and good in the world and
so the thing is in the next the next
week or so our interns are babies our
babies were your was every day mark and
Sebastian are going to turn into
something called intern pluses what
intern pluses which means yes there's a
subscription fee so the turning into
into intern pluses they'll still do
pretty much everything and anything but
they'll be more specific so then of
course we have the new question what
about the next set of interns who's who
is available pretty sure Tony wants to
do it through you know like legitimate
means people actually wanting to work in
our industry and then I was like why do
that let's have people in LA with cars
specifically cars for their
transportation so they can like get us
coffee eid or bury dead hookers in the
desert those people that do those things
like I said before I got sidetracked
she'd make video responses essentially
giving us a
your resume and the reason why they
should be an intern here Maddie come
over heated gear Shia bag of potato
chips as we're all trying to lose weight
he douchebag you skinny little douche
bag right so what do you think I'm
personally how's this possibly go wrong
just kind of like that other idea that
we had we're like hey we should probably
try to find somebody no no to date this
one day at the office contact you're
wrong so yes if you want to be the
newest DeFranco interns and did a video
response obviously it'll be like one of
those bad reality shows will have Heidi
Klum Thank You Tyra Banks and then we
need someone that's a dude but very
feminine right patios no over rising
good yeah any day oh right ladies ladies
