hi I'm Phil I do stuff on youtube for a
living these are some of my friends
these are the inserts this is the girl
that lets me touch her boobies and
you're watching a video series about my
life is this the workout is this where
should I do this you're like you're like
sensei like wax on wax off rjukan as i
call it you're through bangle baby oh
just try it out for a hopeful because I
mean cuz I'm gonna I'm so cold I'm sick
today losing my voice blah today is just
one of those days where the world smacks
you in the face and you just have to
smile one of the big things that I've
been wanting to do is uh you know I've
had David doing some workout stuff and I
thought hey for the weight loss
challenge I'll you know I'll start
working out with him a little on camera
a lot off camera and that was fun and it
was it was interesting to be next David
while I did his thing oh great God is a
magic
boom hey are we both in friend yep um I
want to do a heavy push to its channel
because I want there to be this right
now there's no story right now there's I
mean that's also a while you're starting
your questions because there's no story
and so we add add story to this because
it's always the way love story right
some people can relate to it a lot more
hi that's the story behind the story and
ultimately it was really fun and I think
people you know they like to see the
progress that you can you can have in 30
days it's gonna be awesome even though I
am very sensitive about it and I look
super fat but hopefully not for long but
after we worked out i had to give David
a little cuz he kept talking about
this thing called snuggling and I was
like what is she good and then no
fashion have you ever heard of something
called snuggling lovely uh no okay so
apparently is when you puddle face to
face is that where you that is a little
bit funny it should be spooning on
Sammy's good and this video you get
there's a lady love the phrase agree
he's I absences it also a number is not
ours Chinese language nuttin it's the
absence looks funny when you spoon you
hold it but they're facing away from you
right yeah snuggling in arms you face
the face is more I can directly write
how does your brilliant mmm oh my god
Bri then you know the Octomom you got
ready but like so mobile if I might and
then of course um you know I've been
I've been amping up the weight loss
thing and some of the people here wanted
to do it so we have three new entries in
for the 30 day challenge and we're
having a little you know thing here so I
mentioned the weight loss thing to the
crew 33 people are deciding to join my
journey surprisingly Chris not one of
them
Chris come on Chris I know if you keep
on going this way you could have early
onset diabetes Mike I gold is all the
way big news yeah if I could just I
could just lipo and then we could just
transfer bones mmm all right so so to
make sure we get everyone's wait inside
the office we've got a scale also I
think that we have decide to do is that
to the the winner I cannot be a winner
inside the office the winner inside the
office whoever loses the the biggest
percentage of weight will will get 200
collars that's what we decided because
they were like money we love money ok so
let's say let's see yeah let's get
donica Jeff's on it says a lot of things
Oh 197 point forward and we have upload
waits a little bit myself I like saying
that I'm in aid to the tongue hahaha No
Oh motivates me that you'd better little
bit ok there's the board mark I'm glad
you're here oh that's I don't wanna be
the only one over 200 PK it's almost
tuesday was hanging out with David but
then of course you know you end up
having to go back to work was like David
steady play dead space 2 just because I
want to kind of see his reaction I had
one of the interns like nonchalantly
film em and it's kind it's kind of funny
come on
oh what Oh kill me ah okays
gonna take a little bit of my
intelligence ah ah this bull oh
 oh
hm
I'm cool hahaha
