hi I'm Phil I do stuff on YouTube for a
living these are some of my friends
these are the inserts this is the girl
that lets me touch her boobies and
you're watching a video series about my
life good Monday to you I'm sitting here
it's very early in the morning I'm about
to come up the philip defranco show but
i'm editing the vlog beforehand because
no one's in yet and you know i wanted to
address some things it's a Monday vlog
and let's go down the list one who is
the dude that shot
Mattie's date episode last Friday that
is James he's our newest shooter editor
here at a Franco Studio creatively blow
whatever you want to call it he's really
cool dude second part how did the date
go well Matty told me that he he he
drove her to her sister's house and then
he left but then I looked at the camera
and there happened to be this footage
where Patti asks this very weird
question tell us really quickly um how
how bad are your parents that they would
allow your sister to fly to Los Angeles
and go on a date with a complete
stranger and it's funny to me because
it's Maddie but anyone else it sounds
like he's about to murder those girls
what would your parents say about you
meeting a stranger and then he like
Maddie whips out a knife and then he
kills everyone that's how it happened in
a horror movie but he didn't because
he's Maddie and he's adorable oh my god
Maddie oh my god but oh no but wait I
should be shouldn't be given that shit
as he's finishing the show right now
Oh best thing in the world I don't even
know how that got through to it wait
where we're looking at what you watch
now the Friday blog let's listen to it
right
tell me what it was you know what eating
with your ring what's your name what's
your name that I tell me we share what
do you do with your eggs go through the
wrong name bitch I'm sorry hair hang on
she likes you I like her too having to
call her the wrong name because that'd
be amusing hey these two shares closed
door jerk-offs and now I feel terrible I
feel of course let people ask Phil do
you really send the packages out yes all
the Philip DeFranco show winners get
their stuff as long as they contact us
back in like four days if they don't
then it goes to another person and yeah
also I thought it'd be interesting to
give the the interns the camera and see
what became of that bill people think
we're lazy like all of us are just you
me mostly the comedy they call me the
fat ones so I figured they play the fat
they call me the fat one that's why we
should keep you around so they don't
call me the bell
your fat Ryan Reynolds and I'm fat
Philip DeFranco Oh mean towards me times
two I think this is a package that we're
gonna be sending to the winner of the
Xbox 360 let's go what I'll hear what
hear a boop boop s-- means that it's
recording
good I just ship this I don't know how
much it weighs I would like to see how
much boys in order to exact ly you got
to build it up I'm just nice the camera
being on me without me talking about the
news or sticking my penis with someone
you know it was probably more nervous
about Tricia Helfer I think that's just
because I'm like Oh same is pretty lady
I don't know I think James Cameron is
different because I respect James
Cameron but I don't know if I'll
necessarily be like starstruck like when
I met Helena Bonham Carter and
starstruck and I think directors
different though right I mean it might
be different for you because you're a
director audience any what's a yeah that
looks like a weird victory but then of
course if you watch other youtubers
videos you know that a lot of people
interviewed a James Cameron
there was only a spot left for one
person I knew Sony care about it more so
I just grabbed the camera and filmed him
interviewing James Cameron which it was
really fun interview and I'd have to say
there is one thing that a James Cameron
said that kind of stood out to me and he
was talking about Titanic and he said
this you know what's interesting about
the way that movie plays you're two
hours in 3.19 iceberg most movies
credits have run and you're back to the
car that's a two hour so it's been a
hole with a movie not about a ship
setting up until that point and it's all
sustained by the knowledge that you have
back to your mind the dead ship is going
to sink in that world
that's how we live our lives we live our
lives enjoying the moment not thinking
about the future when in the bag reminds
you know it's going in and I really
stuck with me you know because even
though we know that death is looming in
the background how we live our lives and
how we essentially spend time up to that
moment it defines you as a person and
once again let's let's bring it all
around that's also why we're doing this
this weight-loss challenge versus my
buddy shake I don't think he's told his
viewers that it's a challenge I know he
says he wants to lose 40 pounds in 34
days which is gonna be hard for me I
think he's like 280 or 288 or something
like that with clothes on I don't know
why I weight himself like that
I'm 235 and it's got a I just got to
lose a bigger percentage than him and
then he'll have to pay $2,000 to my
charity of George choice which of course
is pique nique j√∂rg and I think I think
that's the thing is our lives you know
it should be all about the experiences
and the better if ocation of ourselves
and those around us
and pushing yourself and the ones around
you to be the best use that you can be
which at the heart of it is is the true
reasons that I'm challenging Shay is
because I want to have something that
pushes me and I want to help push him
because we always talked about it when
we lived here in Venice about you know
doing stuff and our schedules were
always too busy which is just an excuse
because really as long as you eat
healthy and you do something for like an
hour a day you can be really healthy I'm
gonna try and only work like work out
about four hours a week total because I
think that's the real stuff but there we
go day one of the weight loss challenge
after the 30 days of course told you
we're gonna go into trying to gain
muscle but the first 30 days we're gonna
do this thing and yeah it's gonna be fun
of course if you want to join in on the
weight loss challenge I'm gonna be
mainly doing exercises that my buddy has
made and that is course Damon train of
David you can check out his channel
youtube.com slash David's fitness now
try and do it and we'll see where it is
highly competitive so I think that this
is probably the best way to do it also
I'm going to shave this weird dirty
mustache thing that's probably what I
should do first but work on the show so
next time I love your faces with my
pants muscles what
