hi I'm Phil I do stuff on youtube for a
living these are some of my friends
these are the inserts this is the girl
that lets me touch her boobies and
you're watching a video series about my
life baby he baby boy yeah I miss daddy
he's booked good i miss you so much i
miss you so much I know look your hands
full my face hey stop eyes
really nothing food treats something
that a keyword know why do you so I went
to to Utah specifically for Sundance and
we had like interviews there and we're
not really covering the event just you
know just going to go because we have
chance friend had a place and so we went
up there and I hung out with a ryan higa
a phillip wang and wesley from
wongfuproductions and it was fun I don't
know I mean it was fun in general cuz
they're cool guys but it was also really
interesting because they were telling me
all about like Asian community on
YouTube and just just in general
actually an entertainment they're like
we know the guys from far east movement
let's go to this place and I'll cool
maybe we'll get some some good this some
good standing room whatever and we ended
up hanging out with them for like 15
minutes pour the show and then like two
hours after and they were like the
nicest people I didn't I didn't film in
there because I don't want to be that
guy look hey guys an Internet show look
at my camera thing say that your home
intro all right let's just fun he's here
hi so so what else can go wrong so old
guard try to get into three different
species first first one no cheers second
one stop right before us third one we
made in line for like an hour we got
split three of us must be ethically few
of us needed anything before of us do so
we all just better cuz
bromas like that who were bros just
nicer stock went well even though in the
car we were like really the hood rat he
would never do that now we are confined
any parking elementary a lot of us to
point is trying to get it soon but
there's still a few things that go wrong
yeah our names on all of this okay we do
get in but dry canyon because my team is
your main street in Deer Valley which is
this bus is going to Deer Valley Main
Street I just kidding so yeah we're
going to cross your fingers that's a
bear
that's pretty much what happened pretty
much yeah we did last night here or
someone could be stabbed it's fugly
possibly know I decided that I serious
then of course I came back and we kind
of just jumped into everything you know
right now Toby's Toby slammed as far as
being able to film stuff out for LTA so
we're kind of just like mess around with
different shows and just figuring stuff
out and we had a perfect we had the
lovely Olga Kay come over which is fun
because I ways like to pick her up I
don't know why I don't really know why
yes no I didn't realize oh this is like
this kids now it looks like I was like
I'm like covering for my son could also
look like you could also look at your
phone
I'm like making sure that I don't
address the missing a couple I know you
don't I guess main point is I'm just
glad to be back and you know I've been
thinking about health and fitness I just
did a when i was doing interviews either
i saw myself and oh my god i can lose
another 15 pounds and so I was like I
know that I can lose 15 pounds you know
we lost 20 last time we tried it and I
was kind of flat todai go between like
225 and 235 and I was second okay let's
have another 30 day trial and lose some
weight specifically focus on body mass
index very not body mass sorry not that
body fat percentage and and I was
thinking what could make it more fun and
I was like makeup game you know the fear
of loss is a much bigger motivator than
than than gaining a reward I mean just
just by itself you know like I'm not
gonna die in two months if I don't work
out but someone that's like morbidly
obese or they have no other option
they're like well let's fucking do this
there's really no other option where I
die and so I was thinking who who could
I do this with who could I challenge and
I was thinking to myself and I thought
of my lovely my lovely lovely lovely
buddy shaycarl and I thought myself
shaycarl mr. Shankar and the shade
target value nights in the Franklin
agent I challenge you to lose weight
with me specifically shaycarl the next
30 days starting monday because i want
you to have time to come back from Miami
get situated next 30 days let's try and
let's try and work out let's try and get
in better shape and whoever loses the
most body fat percentage wins the
products I thought I talk to myself
which is the prize we definitely should
involve money both of us are big fans of
money me a little more so but then why
not make it also with good things on top
of trying to lose weight promoting
healthy lives to our audiences so the
loser should have to pay two thousand
dollars to the winners chair
of choice that way even though there has
to be a loser quite possibly me everyone
else wins so I sent a text message to
shake last night either respond to me
means I think that he's scared is I want
you to send him some messages maybe
leave some comments and let him know
that the gauntlet has been thrown then
we literally don't report on our wait
for 15 days so we know what the halfway
mark is and then 15 days after that we
have a reveal video we have a winner +
either way I win I lose loser has to
hand over the money in person when one
of those famous shaycarl back rubs again
it doesn't sound right but no one else
gives them as good as Shane and I think
we should have like a thing for our
viewers to you guys should send in video
responses of you joining in on the
effort I just know that last time when i
started this sounds like 255 and drop to
230 looks like losing a small child
Justin wait Touche I love you face I
hope you accept challenge and if not I
will just take it as you saying hey Phil
I'm not a man also you have really big
feet whatever that means I don't know it
also will give you a back massage free
of charge I like tacos too just in case
you need to know suchet I look forward
your response until then let me go to
sleep because I am exhausted
