hey guys wait we are we just got
breakfast and I think so yeah it's this
one um so I know that uh I know that I
haven't posted a vlog since last Friday
and it's just because we've been so
slammed yesterday I barely got out a
philip defranco show which if you
haven't seen check it out but yeah I
just want to say hey from a very snowy
utah it's our last day here for uh ah hi
guys staring at me behind me for
Sundance and yeah just want to say hey
oh I'm gonna we're gonna go to the go to
the airport I'm gonna start editing some
of the footage we got we were here with
our buddy George Ryan Higa how philip
and Wesley from wongfuproductions and
yeah just having a good time we had a
interview which I'm going to try and
include and tomorrow's is it up today
okay so yeah we'll uh I don't know if
it's if it is up up will uh well link to
it but uh if not we'll just be my head
is not made for be nice okay oh oh what
would Louise say you say good thing is
what okay we're gonna we're going to go
at the airport for six hours because
there's no way that I'm gonna I'm gonna
wait in line for a movie in the snow
sorry you're not dedicated I'm not
dedicated blah
