I felt I had a discussion with Brianna
she said that she read the book when she
actually would just listen to it well
your thoughts on that because listening
and reading the same thing I think it's
just weird to say I listen to like it's
like I listen to insert book like an
audio book like I read the pds today
does that make sense how it feels so bad
I have horrible sentence structure yeah
it's just like like a barrage and then
randomly books do you think you read a
month about three a week what way are
you reading or listening great what
about you Phil how much do you there's a
reason three once a month how do you do
two to three a week that's amazing but I
take a lot of baths so I read a lot in
the bath I want to have appreciation for
another bad lover yeah people it's so
they don't like it watch me enjoy my
battlin right I think it might be like a
easy thing because I was sorry I was I
was looking at the room and I was like
no but I was like Zach 100% loves bad
maybe the lazy thing it's like a lounge
okay I allow you and I sit so might as
well just do that in some hot water was
and I said since you're bathing in your
own where's he get out you don't kill
you welcome to the defranco book club
brought to you by audible if you're new
here we've been doing this for a couple
of months where we've been going and
listening to books together talking
about it together and this month we
listen to Sleeping Beauty's by Stephen
and Owen kick if we could reminder
before moving forward if you want to be
a part of the book club all you have to
do listen to the book go to the Franco
book club calm submit your reviews your
reactions and you might be a part of the
show so with that said we're gonna jump
into a quick synopsis I'm gonna let you
know my thoughts and then we're gonna
hear from you beautiful bastard Sleeping
Beauty's you open up in a small rural
town dueling West Virginia so in the
first five ish hours learning about the
main characters which is like about 70s
everybody in the towns going about their
daily lives husband and wife worrying
about if they're lying but cheating
secret love children domestic abuse
meth-addicted trailer park people
brutally being
you know your standard run-of-the-mill
sleepy town Stephen King novel type
stuff local news begins to talk about
strange occurrences women all over the
world following asleep being covered in
some weird cocoon like substance first
it's only happening in Australia and
people are generally dismissive because
that's over there that's different
that's not really it's not a real place
you said sarcastically then it's
starting to hit people cities big cities
and people starting to lose their damn
minds women are trying literally by any
means possible to stay away you've got
women in prison putting speed in their
coffee you got women at the police
station doing coke considering maybe
doing meth and also you do not want to
wake one of these women up because if
you do it is not good for you women are
tearing people limb from limb they're
biting body parts off and it is just not
a great time out of the Woodworks comes
a mysterious woman who can somehow fall
asleep and wake back up and nothing bad
happen and so this leads to the men of
the town having to fend for themselves
figure out who this woman is is she
friendly is she the cause of the problem
can she help if she can't will she and
then for the people that didn't read the
book that are thinking about it I don't
want to ruin it for you but here is my
review honestly I didn't like it that
much in general I'm a fan of Stephen
King novels but I just it felt weird and
off to me and it might have been because
of the collaboration like I said this
was by Stephen and Owen King so you have
Stephen King and his son and you get the
feelings of a collaboration which which
can be positive that gives you the
potential for something that's a little
more full or you get into a situation
where the baton passes it feels like
there's something off that there's a
fumble and I don't mean just at handoffs
but I mean that the general feel of the
whole thing that being said I did find
out after listening to the book that
originally the Kings had thought of this
as a screenplay so I actually I feel
like maybe it would be better suited for
that because I feel like if this was
like a miniseries they would have to
make decisions where you cut out some of
the stuff that was was not really as
useful and maybe because you have a new
director there is a more unified vision
a more unified tone a second chance to
maybe flesh certain things out more like
was the main character I mean I think I
know but I feel like I don't know much
about them but I guess maybe that's the
point and understand I'm trying to be as
positive about my criticisms here
because obviously when I when I go into
a movie when I go into a book when I go
into any sort of entertainment I want to
enjoy it I don't want to say hey that's
shitty never make something ever again
but I mean I'll be honest it wasn't just
me I listened to the book my staff
listen to the book some multiple times
for some reason Brianna and
really one of us can tell you much about
Eevee to be fair that also might be kind
to the point I mean King does that in
his book that it's not always about the
supernatural the the real monsters in
the world are the regular people that
should be a big focus because that's
what we deal with every single day
that's the real world we live in
propelling the reader to realize the
problems lie within humanity I mean you
did this in it with a gang of bullies
you did it in misery with misery and
carry with the mother in the classmate
but that's also me trying to find
positives and give almost it feels like
extra credit there was there was just
something about this book where it kind
of brought me back to school I love
listening to books now I love reading
books now but I remember in high school
I hated it it was one of these things
where I'd have to used to be I would
read a page 20 times and I would I would
take none of the information in and I
felt like that a lot with this book I
had to start this book ten times and
honestly I feel like I wouldn't have
even been able to get through an hour of
it if the narration wasn't as good as it
was that's also one of the reasons I
wanted to do the book club I feel like
especially when you go on these these
longer journeys I mean we're talking
about like 25 hours here I like having
this show where multiple people can
throw their opinions and because I feel
like when you are on these longer
journeys you can sometimes is sometimes
it's affected by the mood you're in at
that time there are a lot of different
factors that can make you feel a certain
way but even hearing those words come
out of my mouth I feel like I'm making
excuses for for a girlfriend I don't
like that money so because this isn't
just Phil talks to a camera it is our
book club I am now gonna kick to you
beautiful bastard to see what you
thought about sleeping beauty is good
and bad like we're 15 hours into the
book and I still didn't know who the
main character was who I was supposed to
be rooting for caring about they just
show so many different characters in
your face and then quickly start killing
them all know what I will say about the
number of characters it is Stephen King
it's it's not shocking to think that
there's a lot of characters but I do
think III mean we've talked about this
in the office as well
we're split on this as far as how well
the characters were develop personally
on the side of a lot weren't developed
very well I think we all agree that Evie
was not developed well and by no means
do I think the timeline matches up but
there's part of me that just feels like
Stephen King saw the date without women
protest he was like that's a really
interesting thing what if we turned it
into a science fiction novel boom
already got a character essentially Eve
from the Bible oh and think of 69 other
care
and kind of like I said when I talk
about this if it was potentially a
miniseries I would have like more focus
on on certain key characters like if
more key characters could get the
filling out that Clinton Franklin why
why the feminism in the way that it was
I think that it was a stylized version
of feminism that was meant to strengthen
the argument of the book and the
argument of the book to me was not about
feminism at all and that's why I a
groove ated me so just damn much cuz
let's be frank about it feminism is a
beautiful thing but the the thing about
their version of what feminism was in
the book being that I am a woman and I
am working and I'm paying the bills and
I do the laundry and I cook for you and
I take care of this and not do this and
I'm treated so poorly any
self-respecting individual would not put
up let's just be real and that is why
the whole point of the on writing that I
was talking about earlier that's why I
debated me and what was such a big
distraction so I do feel like this book
was politically driven I think that
there there were big-time gender
politics here it gets shoved in your
face which is also it's kind of a weird
move then to be so stereotypical when
when talking about some of your
characters so I will say this book 100
cent feels politically driven I mean it
even opens up with with a quote which
you might remember from Mitch McConnell
but nevertheless she persisted Elizabeth
Warren quote but I mean books are
supposed to make us look at ourselves
look at society it this book does feel
obviously like it plays heavy with the
gender politics it plays heavy with with
a lot of things but it also it then is
weird that some of the characters are so
stereotypical at times it felt like they
were just trying too hard to push their
point of view or an agenda although that
that could just be just me feeling like
that from everything I consume these
days if there is a positive there though
I think even the attempt to get you to
get your reader to get your audience to
look at society even if you fumble the
attempt usually and I think with me does
still make that person look at society
and and try and figure out what they
think about the situation questions I
have about the book it just isn't
realistic
and obviously it's funny that asked the
question is it realistic because it's a
fiction book it's fiction and I'm saying
realism to fiction which
is completely counterintuitive and
completely backwards but no really think
about it what would men go insane and
start to burn the world down if we
didn't have women I think we would to a
degree but I don't think it would happen
I don't know if what would happen as
quickly as it happens as far as is it
realistic it's hard to say I think you
automatically have to consider this a
disaster situation that within what 48
hours everyone is in it affects everyone
in one way or another and and I feel
like especially in disaster scenarios
Society devolve the supermarket scene
and the men are pushing a little old
ladies down to get their stuff yes 100
percent when the order we once knew is
taken away chaos will fill that void
becomes life and death people react in
the extremes there gonna be people that
become extremely violent and then
they're gonna be they're gonna be mass
suicide I mean for many and I'm talking
about in the everyday sense the biggest
fear most people have is the fear of the
unknown so when all of a sudden the
entire world has to face the fear of the
unknown what the fuck is this we can all
make assumptions like I'm trying to do
right now but no one really knows
everything seems ridiculous and far away
until you're in it also like I mentioned
before other people in the office went
through this book along with me and I
just I just wanted to share with you
Briana's thoughts about it because
Brianna was a by far the most passionate
person good luck hi I was in this book
three times so in other words I wasted
75 hours of my life I am just here to
give me small congratulations to Steven
and O&K we're making a very very
interesting concept the most boring
thing I've ever had to sit through I
expected so much from this book and
instead what I got was garbage so I
don't know maybe do better next time try
harder Stephen King you don't have to
pump out a book every year you don't all
have to be winners tell me why it needed
some of the detail that was there you
know what I don't care about the color
of the grass I don't care probably green
since it's like summer
I'm guessing it's great you know what
else I don't care about or what I don't
need to hear about a little boy pissing
into a homeless lady's ear I don't need
to hear that but a dead uh-huh and you
let it go on for like ten minutes of
like oh and look he's peeing into her
ear still doing it and then it just kept
going so I didn't need that I didn't
need the Fox why is that a character
it's an animal so in general just do
better I mean I'm still probably gonna
buy all your bow
maybe just leave things as a screenplay
cry I don't know I didn't deserve this I
did it to myself I'm bitter
like I said passionate that is gonna
wrap it up for this month's DeFranco
book club and remember if you want to
join all you got to do sign up on
audible they are offering a free audio
book with a 30 day trial membership to
all you beautiful bastards in this next
month we're going to be diving into
Artemis by Andy weir of course is also
the author of the Martian which if you
haven't read I highly recommend it
enjoyed the movie there but I liked the
book that's also why I'm so excited for
Artemis which a big note here Artemis is
not out until November 14th but it is
available for pre-order right now be
sure to use my link audible.com slash
video or just click the link in the
description down below and get ready for
next month's DeFranco book club but on
that note that is what we're gonna end
today's video I want to thank you for
another fantastic month and I look
forward to the next month ahead and of
course as always my name is philip
defranco you've just been phill'd in I
love your faces and I'll see you next
time but but the choice that they were
given without a real reason to have it
didn't make a whole lot of sense to the
way it's written you Inc you see his
point of view entirely but like you see
his character and while you may not
necessarily agree with him you do see
exactly where he's coming from and you
can't understand him you know this one
didn't hold up to the
