hi I'm Phil I do stuff on YouTube for a
living
these are some of my friends these are
the inserts this is the girl that lets
me touch her boobies and you're watching
a video series about my life I could
really use a wish right now number one
thing is like it has to be like the
hardest thing so try say so look we took
a group of people who only speak Spanish
okay you know what my favorite poem sort
of poetry is soliloquies what's a random
one what's the random word I likes hot
pockets but if he goes different me
mothers like you have a soliloquy it's a
little yeah like the Sun always be like
he just like I just shouted it as why
you're so high this morning all right
could I get a footlong spicy Italian all
right yeah that'll be all working with
all this meats got to give you pretty
soft skin huh yeah thank you to
soliloquy
count it then can I have a venti iced
coffee with nonfat milk and five Splenda
you look like a fuckin is that from all
the coffee yeah we build up the
sensitivity yeah did you send the guys
who were the Pick of the Week like he
looks from I did one of my I think this
is a guy who did one of my favorite song
soliloquy but I'm not sure do you know
if he has any other it's no no I guess
I'll check it out
so we have to think of random word right
and then a sort of a pickup line my skin
compliments really good I think it's
better than saying ooh I really enjoy
this is a seagull I really like your
lips yeah we took mark liquor store once
and some guy said you liked my cherry
lips winner and if it's a garden bed
lips joy anyone ever told you you have
amazing lips practicing it to the camera
wait what's the line has anyone ever
told you you have amazing lips
how you doing do you use testing
no I'm Ellen my lips are dry you look
like you got a nice lip not right
Japanese brands are these bottles I've
decontaminated like no you have to track
from them yeah okay what do you
recommend with strawberry thank you all
right the other came from the gym so I
feel like I need to be decontaminated in
Eastern Europe you can do 78 ballad
piano
whoever said amazing magical
you come visit me
he's Maddie come back this time
Oh Maddie don't make me push harder and
ask my Oh Maddie
where have you gone
now I'm gonna sit here
and everything will be filthy
now-now-now
hello I'm mainly just confused why he'd
send him a letter I mean you just said
that he was quite dead I don't know why
you would send Matty a letter I mean I
understand that he's your friend but
sending letters to dead people can't be
healthy for you let's just remember a
big lip friend Maddie we love you
to somebody that you killed because you
have anger issues and stuff you can't
control you know I guess it's it's kind
of funny that uh thinking about it's not
funny thing about Mattie dying
it's a death has been kind of this thing
that's been on my mind lately because uh
I don't know when I was younger when I
was like 18 or so I would sometimes what
like stay up and have like these weird
anxiety attacks and like just think
about like dying and I and I would be
like I wouldn't be able to breathe I
don't know I think I'm a lot calmer
about it now I'm not sure why not at all
really because it's still I mean it's
still like this terrifying thing this
unknown thing my favorite thing though
is I have a lot of friends that don't
believe in God I'm kind of on the fence
you know one day I'll say uh you're an
idiot
and then the other day I'll say uh
you're an idiot but for the other reason
and they're always funny though because
you're like oh I don't I don't believe
in God but then like whenever they're
like they're talking to their parents
like they're like oh she's in a better
place and like why do your parents get
God but you don't that doesn't really
make sense you know I don't want it to
happen but you know it eventually will
and so then I sometimes you know I think
well what is life about you know is
there is there a point and I like to
think there's a point and a purpose to
the whole thing I used to have this
theory and that because energy is all
connected and it's all essentially one
thing that once I die because times were
not really things it's a man-made
concept that I would just become someone
else
it could literally be someone that was
alive while I was alive or
or someone else but uh if all energy
everywhere is connected and is constant
then isn't that a possibility no no Phil
stop trying to be team point you to go
back to making dick jokes fuckface maybe
it is all for naught hopefully not for
knots not for naught
it's like the Italian restaurant garlic
roll version of bucks for bucks I don't
even know I'm talking about just want to
say I love your faces and if you can't
enjoy your life enjoy it while you can
because sadly this game doesn't have
continues a homeless person used to live
here
he was like I'm out I got a place in
Maui
