hey hey hey you happy daddy's home he's
like no fucky where's my strike it's
like hey daddy hey daddy I love you
place this how much I love you in an
Emily you kiss my girlfriend that's all
you're doing that just happened right in
front of me hey guys why do i turn it
such a flight Lindsey you just made out
if why a hundred thousand people and I'm
pretty sure like 30,000 of them were
underage girls weird so something funds
happening maddie is a netting is trying
to teach mr. trainer David I think
trying is he's very he's a yeah no no
David goes I was talking David I was
like you down to learn Final Cut he's
like yes he's like please he's like I
used to I used to edit a music and pro
tools and I was like I don't even know
how to mess it up book pro tools oh ok I
haven't showered yet oh so on top of a
mr. trainer David who you should
definitely check out if you want to lose
some weight links down below Maddie got
some Maddie got some fan mail through a
contest we're having called hi nation on
the website Oh someone sent me a someone
sent me a picture specifically for you
for hi nation oh you wants it okay let's
hit this is I'm worried now because okay
is it hot man love it let's see what it
looks like oh that person I'm a naughty
girl
this guy is so made of win I hope you
like them oh if you can please be sure
that Maddie sees them I'm sure he'll
like them the most do a beautiful man
sir and then of course I went to the
mailbox which is always fun because you
never know what you're gonna get I'm
human yeah I got announced wide angle
yeah well cuz we had one for the old one
but then it was either lost or stolen I
always assume that it was lost because i
like to do stuff so I just so I just
went to the mailbox and we got a bunch
of cool stuff some stuff from some
viewers we just got a box from our
friends at Maude's armory they saw that
we were giving away x boxes on the
philip defranco show and they were like
hey do you want to awesome custom
controllers nose yes please and they
just they just sent these sweet things
they sent us 8 in 10 total Wow yeah so
this will be sweet so with the xbox
because we give away it's a chrome that
is very cool very cool let's see god
it's like it's like the box never ends
until it does not a sad say six all
right just just I might take one so we
might give away nine so if he's
disappear interns are fired oh this is
nice hey dis n ps3 modded controller and
then of course we were sent wait flip it
there we go Tim marais morais 2010 sent
us some some cool wall stuff I think I
think it's gonna go over over your desk
mark that sounds good yeah I like stuff
on my desk so thank you Tim let's see
what else we got so yeah you know I
haven't I haven't mentioned the box if
you want to send in stuff whether it's
uh something for myself someone at the
office anything really why are you
smiling are you just are you are you're
eyeing the controllers they're very cool
I know um winners lucky winners oh man
are you happy watch philip defranco show
know you hate my show ah ok sidetracked
uh yeah so you can i'll put the mail box
down below whether you want to send
snail mail or something like art that
you want me to put on the wall maybe or
a plan on how to make mark less lame
I don't you that this is cool okay oh
but we got another toy then we're going
to mess with and I think we're gonna do
it around we're gonna use one of you
guys oh I'll figure it out here we go
oops welcome to today's vlog Oh Maddy
eating chicken fantastic like I couldn't
tell that you're that you're even
recorded tubes is going are you okay you
look sad what you don't like favorite
thing to do in videos that you're in is
a positive parts where you look sad
because it we should because we need to
turn sad David into a meme sad Davis hi
guys i do want to actually want to have
like a trainer David contest so
underneath in the links below there is
actually there's a link to a meme
generator which literally let you a type
text on top of the sad David meme one of
the sad David things could look like
this and then there's a second link down
there to dailybooth and there that's
where you going to upload the picture so
that we can all compare trainer date or
like sad trainer David memes and then
the last thing today was since we were
having so much fun with this this new
camera and then we figured out oh you
have to take the back off so does it
sound like you're underwater because I'm
more I was like hey you know what you
look really cool if it was if there was
such a thing as a philly d video game
what would that look like and it looks
really cool and I kind of want it to be
a real thing in the future so we're
gonna here here's here's a beta test
Johnny what are your arms are just a kid
bone yes oh yeah it would be like
that's it
