hello interwebs it's um it's a it's an
early morning but uh you know I'm
feeling good today which is which is a
good thing because yesterday was uh I
you know what you know you know me a net
you know that I don't know what accent I
ever do what any given time you know
that I just words come out and very
offensive but also confusing who is this
who is this accent yesterday was a
little rough um because you know they're
there are negative things to running a
business some of them had to happen
yesterday and I hate it I hate it
because if I could be if I could be
Matthew McConaughey over the head of a
music label I would do that not say that
I do lots of drugs or have washboard abs
anyway it was rough day so uh we all
decided to blow up a little steam bye
bye we don't have regulation middle
school balls what but we have we've
giant fitness balls so we decided to
play a game of let's play four square
around the very very very very expensive
equipment and it was fine that's part
though I have to say Tony I love you but
Tony mr. Jody Valenzuela the midway
through start become a trihard and then
this happened
also fun fact trainer David as a Twitter
and let's see how many times trainer
David to use Twitter in his first day
eight minutes ago nine minutes ago ten
minutes ago 11min see to go he is he is
addicted I am so glad that I've
introduced david to something that will
lead to the downfall of his product if
it also thing to note i forgot to say it
in yesterday's video the winner of the
way name date with maddie contest is
according to you guys and thus is the
winner miss Morgan yeah you fake
applause oh yay good for you now that's
gonna happen uh relatively soon I think
it's gonna happen while I'm out of town
or when I just want to come back so that
I can I can you know just hug them and
hold them tight and make it awkward no I
won't do that I won't do that i'm not a
cockblocker all the time hey this vlog
has been really random you know what I'm
really excited about I am excited about
equality black ops first strike
multiplayer preview trailer it comes out
on xbox on the first I really fast not
sponsored I feel like i should say that
every time i talk about stuff i'm really
excited meanly because i've gotten tired
of most the maps and this one this risen
this one kind of seems interesting they
have the ability to interact with the
environment whether it's like like the
ground falling out underneath you
environment affecting you without you
doing shit auto turrets which I imagine
is gonna be kinda kind of cool because
if you like a sprint class maybe you're
gonna be able to hit those all turrets
with like a flash bang or something and
like fucking just run through the middle
of the map and all it seems a lot about
choke points and how you handle the
middle of the map which is a little
different than how you have you just
understanding spawn as long as you have
like a decent team that doesn't fucking
jump across the map and you can control
spawn when kill the enemy just like in
real life just like in real life you you
kill them you wait for them to respawn
and then you just kill them again as
long as you have the advantage of the
terrain anyways guys I have to film out
the philip defranco show here in a
second but thanks to look out for one
philip defranco show it's my show which
means it's awesome or um awesome it's
definitely awesome and then uh today I'm
sitting down with a mark Sebastian and
maybe someone else maybe not someone
else and we're going to talk about the
social network I'm like totally awesome
go over there if you like either of
those interns or me check it out because
honestly i don't think the interns
realize this james because everyone's
everyone's buddy buddy I don't think the
interns realize that every day they're
here they are actually competing for a
job yeah they don't think it's like
survivor it's like yes except we don't
have food right I don't think they
realize that that every day they come in
they're actually competing against each
other because bitch this is the Internet
we don't have that much money so go
check it out see who you like quick
sorry I just I decided I just I just
lived a life in my head of words hey
there's my jacket
