oh we're doing one of these again oh hi
I'm just sitting here spending my time
very well by looking at sexy pictures of
Elma apparently those exist and all it
really takes is gigantic boobs and a
near crotch shots apparently that is oh
they're here that is a thing who knew so
just in the in the studio we filmed
everything out mission was successful
today I I went and I did something I
hadn't done before spoke with a girl
hahahaha I i recorded audio for this
this animated series that someone asked
me to be a part of its off of youtube
it's gonna be somewhere else I can't
okay I didn't really say anything but it
was fun going in there and just like you
know doing voices and you know having
like a room full of people laughing when
you did something that was good it was
like instant like oh I like this cuz
when I filmed the show was no one's
there or if they do laughs I'm like shut
up fuck off you're messing up my audio
apparently it might had i'm the angriest
person in the world but uh I am so that
was it was a good time bunch internet I
am talking to you now because I want I
want to talk to you about something very
important to me and it was last night I
had a sexy dream it was impressive it
was not impressive it was exciting it
was exciting it was was this this woman
without a face any Jam face just not one
that matters in any respect to explain
anyway moving on she forced herself onto
me but it was hot it was I was like oh
so that's what they mean no doesn't mean
know what alright that's weird Maddy are
you offended by what I just said um what
it can't do it have to be no you don't
have to be okay no Maddy Maddy
apparently doesn't believe that no means
no I'm even words in my mouth I've never
have you ever had a wild crazy sex tree
yeah what do you go to hear what are
your dirty dreams like with it what am I
wait um it mostly consists of some time
gonna be editing this this is this uh no
them just usually white water theme
parks okay just really bad to be sitting
on the internet because i'm pretty sure
now anybody that watch this never wants
to go to wet and wild with me get away
from my children my dad so it's always
at a theme park for a lot of water bar
10 thing ours yeah seven as what happens
there um it's just like you know because
you want to be wading pools yeah it's
just one big giant like water where g is
pretty much what it is ok you know
what's weird is mine mine are actually
weirder I I remember one specific one
last night it was just it was just like
I was like no leave me alone and then
should I it was like it was like that
weird fiery passion Madden huh fiery
passion fire passion in the water hole
no there was no water pool this wasn't
you I was it invading your dream thank
you good boo why are you here luck
awesome you did explain how awesome this
place once you look it up on Trina by
fuck you batty that's weird I think it's
because I I don't know I feel I feel
like I'm in control no see this view
this sounds weird cuz it Mike it sounds
like I meant it like the email
domination crazy ah that's weird that's
weird leave me alone internet lousy but
I remember one specific sex dream that I
realized I was a lame dude is a I was I
was a rogue and she was she was a white
mage and we went on quest I think this
was like an eight-hour dream but then I
won the game and then I got to bang the
white mage I've ever had a weird like a
dream that you were ashamed of when he
woke up there was ashamed of when I woke
up yeah they probably would have just
been like family related
what what what the fuck Matt I don't
know nice i'm from alabama so I like I
dream of having sex with my family all
the time oh wait I'm not is that was I
not supposed to be sarcastic about wanna
make you take that part out yeah as far
as the being sarcastic oh no Tony Tony
do you have sex dreams drew sex dreams
tony do you have sex sexual dreams of
sexual nature's are you asking me that
and why isn't that weird sex dreams give
your dreams where you act like your TV
doesn't work hey Sebastian Sebastian do
you have dreams of sexual nature's about
you know why would you jump to that
welcome to differ and go studios where
we talk about sandwiches for eight eight
hours a day you missed a meeting up
again a lunch hahahahaha who wants to
get me lunch please Tony let me get you
a sandwich please Saturnia you have sex
dreams about sandwiches ah jeju-do
sandwiches where bondage our friends
right so refresh it sorry we're friends
we can talk about stuff ha okay so have
you always been into animal sex like
bestiality or result like I once when I
was like when I was like 16 I saw a
horse have sex with a girl not like in
person put on the internet and never
seen that really why you should you
should google no no
thank you should google it we went down
to Tijuana to see the donkey show Oh
watch oh really hmm see I was joking but
here we go this is about it because they
had this like donkey show yeah and I
don't know if it's real or not but
that's what they told us so we went down
there and they kept saying go to hear
over here you know uh and they just we
never found it oh so you really I
thought you were being honestly say you
saw a horse having sex with the girl no
I mean I saw a girl blow one before ah
ah yes mission this successful predict
how successful i remember that time i
talked about bestiality with Tony and I
made him spit out a sandwich I was
terrified he went back to eating Eddie's
look horse horsham what what oh yeah
yeah tony is making a new I'll show it
show it Tony's making a new t-shirt
design we have a mess around with
t-shirts but you know a lot of people
want the monkey so this mal oh ok you
pick some out with nice so it's gonna go
over that very cool I think the ears are
cool but I also know that I'll you'll
spend a little bit of time making the
lines that can be ur so that it'll it'll
be able to print on the t-shirt yeah i
think i think this I think this one's
cool things I could yeah I could totally
see that on like maybe a yellow shirt or
not you not yellow or like some colored
has also tried this to you i don't know
i don't know how is becca cool yeah like
I tried that and then i also thought if
we wanted to do like Oh thing too that's
kind of cool yeah cuz I kind of like
that because then maybe you do like
different colors and it like to be like
a couple of a couple link it didn't
couple actually yeah the more I see that
the more I like
