hey there Delila you have big teeth for
kiddin and what is worth what's it like
in New York City hello Internet one of
the questions I get a lot are Phil one
of those picture is over in the corner
when you're doing your show or your vlog
and we have this one I'm not sure who
does this one this picture is the same
guy that does the monkey poster and
that's Steve I just I know I really yeah
I just I just like it so today today's
been an interesting day throughout the
day I usually have business meetings and
we don't film them but uh but I had an
interesting one because you know we're
looking into having some sexy as part of
the network and I wanted to meet with a
photographer you know he has an idea and
stuff and things and so I went and it
got interesting in a nipply sort of way
and then you know business went as usual
at the office after came back but it was
like it was like 5:30 or 6 and I was
like hey you know what we should do that
thing that Matt was linking to over and
over last night let's do the chubby
bunny contest thing even though I don't
know the rules
I just want to torture my interns so we
did that but you don't even win anything
if you do win
that's so fightin words Matty so that's
so Margaret you ready so Matt are you in
yeah you're gonna be the fourth okay I
was thinking about making Jenny the
fourth but chance am happy all right
so so you guys have to wear these I
don't know you know okay I'm pretty sure
hey wait so I think the rules of the
chubby bunny contest are that you put a
marshmallow in your mouth you try and
say chubby bunny you lose the moment
that you can't say chubby bunny or you
die that seems like the rules gentlemen
sit down you want to place a bet
oh how much you want to do on a bet I'll
put down ten bucks who do you thinks
gonna win nice I think marks gonna win
just because he has a bigger mouth I
kind of think I'm a tease oh yeah
everyone everyone open up your mouth I
think I hear a boss say that everyone
open up your mouth
I say $10 on Maddie ah
why are you making me you actually
you're making me bet anyone else want in
huh
I just think Marquez would drive to not
want to lose and then we'll go around
chubby bunny chubby bunny chubby bunny
chubby bunny but - chubby bunny chubby
bunny chubby bunny
there is chubby bunny chubby bunny
it's so into it
there we go yes I can video your little
shit I don't know what do you think you
got it
I was like what maybe they'll do like 15
each oh my god that's not incriminating
final thoughts film um you know I I knew
I do that two of them definitely have
the biggest mouths and I just I'm glad
I've been on the right one it's overall
it was a good day I'm happy and once
again it is the Friday video so thank
you guys for watching another week of
the the vlogs we're still getting our
feet on these and so right now we just
kind of have a schedule during the week
not over the weekends because that's
when we have the orgies and we're not
allowed to bring the cameras do I get
invited when do I get invited to the
word sex party why don't I get invited
I play chubby Barney that question yeah
what 7 plus 3 with 8 times 9 with 12
times 7 that's that's the same question
I'm not gonna that's the same question
you said what is falafels times banana
that's what you just asked me I don't
know but it's gonna be delicious - ass
