so I kind of started off as a joke but
it's turned into a legit brainstorming
session of what the date should be I was
like what they should go is it would we
over the first few target oh cuz we were
like just not a movie that was the only
rule and then we start joking and now we
have an honest-to-goodness list oh man
that is insane so David everyone's
thrown down ideas what should Mady and
the the lucky girl whoever wins do see I
don't know what the first no I don't
know what I would do for a first date
right oh cuz you don't want to get a
wrong impression yeah because I mean
honestly like outside of college I've
never really had to go on dates so
obviously museum just to get the
impression that might be a little bit
like this is one of the Monet's right
that we're not even in the museum wait
let's go around and put everyone's but
it was your best date ever my most
awkwardest eight-story most all kritis
did um I had a first date with a guy and
we're actually going to a cast party for
something we'd worked on and i was at
dimple that karaoke bar were you like
get dressed up and all all crazy and I
was sitting there talking to him and I
thought I was being cute lighted a
little hair flip and there didn't notice
that there was a candle on the table lit
my hair on the fire oh wow dhaval is
good I'll you learn how we're doing
embarrassing her best i would say best
okay there's this one time I was at
dimples in this chick totally
probably most embarrassing because she
keeps bringing it up is a partner in
front of my date you farted I thought I
surprised by this wasn't you classy but
um dinner was good I haven't been on a
date before I I'm born I don't know we
have a daughter my bestie well one of
what one of my favorite day moves is
this biggest changes it to whatever
works for ever take my betta yotaphone
my best date is inviting somebody over
for a movie and they come over and you
pretend your TV doesn't work did you
have a birthday oh no I don't um what
you forgot I'd legally cannot talk about
it like like I guess the best friends
date would be you have a worse state
worst day no cousin perfect field no
actually I mean I don't um go out and
hang out and do like sit-down like a TV
don't work my best first date is like a
classic right right but literally my
best friend day was actually hammer cook
she cooked for me came over and just
think David drug like they got how to
word it completely was for dissing what
we dessert um
either like accidentally to teabag
building since you heard of this new
website on facebook but still but this
is the only reason why you've done
before seven 7 27 seconds left he's on
the 12 he's bouncing back from the 32 16
gb here we go hey is three wide
receivers oh my god come on big bang it
down it's a first down this time out oh
you are so dead early no get up big boy
why is that big board it's like my hurry
up to the line 14 seconds oh this will
go Gina myself got any games
doesn't matter hi Taryn hi how are you
good I'm smiley in lunch date yeah being
stolen were you gonna go here late lunch
with Jenny sushi yeah sue she's good no
watch it that's that's a little creepy
adventure there may be just a little bit
or is it I won't release it there I'll
blink a lot okay a lot of a lot of
blinking is i think is definitely
encouraged and I'll awesome all I could
have significant be late yeah no yeah no
you're not a fan of sushi hi love sushi
okay hey yes do you think it's bad Mia
wear sunglasses inside I think it's
becoming a thing incident that once it's
becoming only being invented it no it's
not but I think that you know you do it
once it's weird you do it you know more
than once it's it's now a thing right
that's how it works Maddie doesn't know
he's down in Vice I I think I'm probably
I think what the only reason to wear
sunglasses inside is if one you have
that thing where you're going blind or
two if you're high is that like a
stigmatism that the first thing but I
don't know that thing that Rex is not
what it is maybe I don't know I didn't
brush up on my doctor ish stuff do the
worst optometrist ever is that that's
that's a good i like the word
optometrist well that's what that's what
it is yeah
