oh that's pretty what's up world another
thing another challenge wait a sec
that's not how we start these videos oh
hey what's up so I'm driving into work
today and today is different because
it's not five 3650 I slept in oh man how
am I gonna catch up with the day I don't
know maybe not be tired you know what
actually I when i wake up at five i'm
not tired I feel like my body only needs
like six hours anyway so today someone's
actually gonna be at the office and that
is a new intern Sebastian we saw him for
a second yesterday he was behind me and
he was like why are you have a camera
well I was look on his face but somebody
said fun fact about Sebastian too he
doesn't like horror movies so yesterday
while we were all shown in the living
room I played the last exorcism as loud
as I could behind him because I'm a mean
person yeah he's already gonna be at the
office because because his place is
being set up right now he's not gonna
have a mattress until today and he asked
me could sleep at the office and it took
me a second yeah yeah which is huge
which is huge for me not not like Oh
Phil you're such amazing person it's
huge for me because I just don't trust
people especially people that are
relatively new like I'm one of those
people like I'm a tried-and-true like
Trust is earned kind of person because
I've just you know I've been burned in
the past a lot so um so in I was like
okay yeah and so like me doing that I am
like okay I've come I've come so far as
far as like
being open to new people and so it's
kind of happy with that and I was like
yay and next now let's cut to me getting
in and everything stolen his look I
don't know what happened
why so today involved a few things first
thing first we filmed out with david and
i had a new friend Sebastian try out his
filmin skills and just you know make
sure they got alone and David didn't
kill him or the other way around this is
dead yeah I use the problem driving
driving oh so hit modify don't have to
drop deep Oh top all right wow it hit
bottom are you serious yeah I got put a
meter push it back oh hey Israel like
she's much harder than putting it on
manual and then you'll have some tubes
one through it it is operative tested
microphone check check check no one's
training David eat your face really
anything Alicia
hey enjoy his trailer baby sign hang
with you guys they didn't uncover
another quick circuit when you guys will
be challenging all right this is what
Phil does to me all day spot this is my
face I slap up flat box well it's not
know if he really call it slap boxing it
just means laughing Jenny in the face
when she's not excited then of course we
built some chairs and then proceeded to
talk about autoerotic escape Maddie
autoerotic whatever you call it wait
wait ottoman number nomina no automatic
sexually auto see he know is so glad
mark Syrian brothers yeah with Marky
Mark yeah and I was once a ludicrous but
its knowledge breaks ballinger a 3000
there every time anybody puts a plastic
bag on their head and then ties around
are enlightened light goes for like like
a fixation or whatever no it reminds me
of that one scene where there in that
movie and they're like yeah we found out
that like people when you put on plastic
bags that you can see through everybody
else always like oh with the black with
a black bag they just tear the bag and
so there you go yeah that's it you
automatically jump to look at that good
job guys Roger broad new chairs now give
now hand them over and never sitting up
ever again oh you guys just missed it
marca put a background his head start
furiously masturbating which was weird
way which i think i think was just weird
cuz you guys you guys don't even know
each other that well yet this is cute oh
weird no please don't she just
threatened me with scissors know what
in my corner now okay and then you
proceeded and then to act like she was
gonna stab me Laurie but she went steady
motion battle to the death I say
neighbor rock scissors though is there
rock paper scissors this is papers wrong
it's rock paper scissors lizard spock
thank you very much this is all sorts of
stupid ok but just but whoever loses
takes a poncho come on we got bunch in
3m shoot oh oh you're that guy okay do
you believe in miracles and for those of
you asking tony is not here because he's
on the East Coast he got a Snowden and
George I don't know when he's gonna get
back he might be dead it's a pod no he's
not he's not dead also if you are
wondering who the the winner of the win
a date with this lovely gentleman behind
me contest is that's not going to be
announced until the end of the week I'm
gonna let people vote it out just vote
till it hurts to vote don't do that I
don't know why it would hurt to vote but
we do have a plan to bring back a battle
verse boredom every other week but we're
gonna do it with the entire office
rather than just me and one other person
so give me some ideas in the comments
down below I personally believe one of
two things and maybe maybe just decide
between the two of them and then tell me
why I say dodgeball I say giant office
dodge whoever's the worse to dodge while
we just fire unless it's Maddie because
we have we have a loved we have a love
Maddie he looks like he's and paid it
was like excited but in pain is that
what it looks like I think that might be
my rage face on the dodgeball court just
I'm terrible at catching the balls in
your mouth anyway that time I made that
joke about the policy on camera it was
hilarious oh yeah so dodge ball dodge
ball or paintball and the paint ball one
we might have to find a sponsor or
something because it the way I want to
do it is with a bunch of gopro HD
cameras like attached to the guns so I
don't know we'll see we'll see or we
