my desk is so empty now yeah we know one
of the best parts about about those desk
though if like if you look underneath it
like I you stick my feet long and make
it like really really dirty and it's
just terrible
no no that's why that's why I told them
okay yeah so like that's those are my
shoes like how you've you've organized
all the crap but I really you know he's
so nice I came in with this vision he's
like I know this in here oh wow the
things and this is this is gonna be
weird now that I'm in the other room
because he's gonna find out what a slob
I really am last I can feel gold a1 yeah
now I get to go against the fucking
Patriots it's the most miserable thing
the only I think the only way we got it
is if like Ellis kills Brady that's the
only way or Brady has to contract like
syphilis of the eyes like NES go insane
literally murder yes like he has to kill
him before the game right like stab a
stabber with my god Patriot skin I'm not
looking forward to it if they didn't get
to pass the Pats I think they got there
but they got the Superbowl either that
or we could or we could just take over
just have Madden take over and I could
play as a Patriots I think that going
then and then Jets got it everything and
then they've got it all day all day
every day are you excited are you
excited that we're essentially roommates
now yeah yeah okay maybe although I
think it's gonna definitely decrease the
amount of porn that I watch yes I think
it was a little cool Jenny was like hey
man he's watching too much porn
definitely I'm definitely making her
very uncomfortable with with the kinds
of porn I was watching specifically
because it was born no it was a specific
depth definitely all the yeah all the
foot fetish porn I think it just strikes
oddly home because you post all those
delia pictures of your feet no no it's
not like seriously though like I post
pictures of my feet on David right it's
a weird fact but I still do it but like
so if I were to joke about like watching
football that comes across as the Mafia
legit like it comes across like I'm not
joking like it's like it's like oh like
mad that actually does that and so now
you know he said it's like I think you
you just let it slip I just I think I
did and I think I'm gonna slip too much
how's your joy today so that was like
yeah oh really yeah
okay well yeah Lindsey um Lindsey was
like you know where I never travel to LA
because you know that's that it's funny
if you think about it when you move to a
place you never really see all this
stuff that like I have you know that the
tourists coming to place that you live
see so she she went checked it out today
and it realized like maybe next week or
so because there's I just wanted to I
just want to do it right as a has he
brandished the knife yeah your life once
again just to health girlfriend's funny
things oh my god that is a terrible idea
so Lindsay made screwdrivers tonight
which if you don't drink is orange juice
and vodka because if you're gonna get
drunk you might as well get lots of
vitamin C for all the infections you
might incur when drinking a screwdriver
I like I like this this setting because
not only am i red but it looks like I
have platinum teeth that's nice
so what we decided to do tonight was
rather than having everyone at the
office you know since I want them to
work while they're there
and then I just throw stuff at them
after I finish the show at 10:00 myself
and Lindsay we're gonna we're gonna have
some drinks we're gonna look through the
video responses we're gonna choose the
top five and then you the beautiful
possibly sexy people at home who want to
touch myself or Lindsay or yourselves
you're totally game movie like stop it
stop it fill up this is supposed to be a
family show film we're gonna go through
the video responses get the top five
you're gonna vote and let's do it like
do you like my eyebrow downs
mmm
mmm that's weird latest do you think
yeah why not you're gonna whoa if she
finds out it'll be for you and not for
him that's not true please more yes it's
such a liar
I don't just like her you said she has a
blow job face that's what you were
saying oh why are you lying
you said why you make me look like the
bad guy yeah see look at this smile you
said it was very good I'm not
disagreeing but I think she's super cute
I was just cute I think it's just
because she has Maddie lips their kisses
would bounce off each other no it's not
bad no says the girl with no lips
oh I make up for she's wearing a shirt I
design oh yeah okay way she gets hella
points
I love this girl I'm in love with this
girl I'm leaving you for this girl she's
moving in next week so we went through
and we saw a bunch of people I think we
chose our top five which will will be
displayed at the end of this with a
number with it leave a comment with the
number we're gonna you know control
we're gonna you know we're gonna check
it out and yeah the winner will go out
on a date and look over there
man it's exhausting whoring out my
friends
