oh yeah hey what's up i'm going to the
lakers case I've never been me either
I've never been to a lakers I'm let you
I've never actually been to a
professional basketball game I not think
well yeah that's what I I about unless I
went when I was like three which sorry
parents that really doesn't count like
I've never been to Disney like you were
when you were 4 i me ah what I was also
someone cut my penis when I was that
young yeah what no and someone
circumcised is you at four yes I for
pretty shaken I think the vitamin C that
might have been someone else then that's
why it's lopsided sorry internet I have
to I have to bring you back to the car
because I do that stopped me bunch was
also a apparently a member of the nation
said it there they're going to stop if
you bring the camera in and they're
going to treat you like you're a
terrorist so uh so I'm running real fast
put you back in the car so what's the
day after I got some footage with my
with my cell phone hopefully how you can
see some cool stuff it was a cool
halftime show just the whole thing
general was fun to watch Kobe Bryant
really a came out in the second half and
beat the fuck out of the Knicks which
was it was it was traumatizing it was
like now it daddy why egg ham wife you
keep hitting threes from the bark but
really but I want to I want to look at
some of the comments I would have
seriously punched the fuck at a fill for
asking me all those questions he just
made Sarah look like some type of horror
no no it's not what happened um really
fast whether it's dudes whether it's the
ladies talking to ladies people talk
people talk sometimes in way more detail
than you want to know I know sometimes
the circumference of certain people's
vaginas I don't want to know that but it
gets dropped in conversation hey would
you like a pizza by the way my
girlfriend's vagina is blah Blee blah
centimeters oh good to know because I'm
gonna fuck her that doesn't happen look
I fixed the white balance that's special
main pool
being if you don't like it go fuck
yourself I mean that's that's the only
thing I can think to say but it because
at the end of the day if Maddie actually
had a problem with me posting something
like that then I wouldn't ask because
it's more important for me to maintain
that friendship with my buddy then to
share with something to the internet but
that's that's guy talk once again a guy
talk probably a lot tamer than lady talk
real gentleman would shut the fuck
you're not gonna get a date on the
internet douchebag you're not gonna get
more you might you might oh well I would
take care of a lady and you don't you
shut the fukk set the fuck up what I
don't care what did buddy what are you
babbling about interns don't be them so
what's up guys are you doing Oh work who
can tell there's a lot going on hey they
will drag blue sexy lady sexy ladies is
always just poor man her her eyelashes
are huge it's just it's huge the biggest
eyelashes I like this mercy ever see
what do you think she's looking at um
probably the face of God and thinking
thank you for these boobies what
everybody of you in this picture is
saying thank you God poda boobies thank
you God what abou is this looks painful
I feel bad there are like squish that
she's about the game because she's
gasping for air no something good you
know what's amazing is this this picture
it's got so much epic cleavage that you
don't even notice that she has like huge
bags under her eyes is it bad that I
notice that it took me about 40 seconds
it's not snapped at you obviously I'm
saying
miss wait another in charge oh yeah pika
should go hey remember that one time
that I accidentally used her computer
and then I saw you with that one girl no
I do is that right she looked she looked
a lot like bad girl that picture what I
don't except she had those except she
did the thing that Bieber does where she
wears no no no no no don't change the
subject oh she was she was wearing the
glasses that have no lenses yeah who's
Melissa Melissa good good friend that's
cool it could be a see the faces you
know what we have to we have to stop
talking about girls because people are
gonna think thatthat's all the show is
or not even show this blog everyone's
like when I gotta be banging hoes all
the time and then chris is objectifying
women Oh which I'd objectify yes between
a landmark I'm under strict orders to
talk about do strict orders to objectify
women from Jenny Jenny Jenny laid the
ROI you objectify women enough today has
everyone hit their quota I'm on this
adult disney hey baby do you hate me no
no do you hate me I can't hate you do
you hate me no Maddie stop hating me
isn't okay I feel like not really like I
feel like until I say like I want to
punch you in the face I'm not gonna
believe me because it's like no I don't
hate you that's your hangout oh alright
until until like did you like drop all
shooting me compulsion to me is like oh
cuz cuz honestly cuz i'm like i like
maddie is it bad that we're doing this
is it do you hate me and he's like no
dude like when it's when it's bad enough
i'll let you know it am I really met you
feel like you will no seriously though
okay so I told him it's like this is
great it's like I'll go give you the
look and the look will be it'll be this
will be like Phil like you probably need
a sauna that's and that's it and that is
that it's a look of rage that's an
Atlanta like like the cold calming raids
it's like you
you won't be able to handle this once it
like explodes out of me like I will
destroy everything that's what he said
to her oh oh come on oh hey so are you
up for another day yeah sure
