hey so it's Thursday it's a day after
the day before yesterday no it's not
that it makes sound totally two days ago
Tony already not helping me out at all
Tony Tony is busy looking at a child
pornography Matty Matty sign of the
camera natural which is good because
it's the first time he's gotten out of a
bed today mana aunt i'm up at
five-thirty which is miserable and last
night was good so hopefully hopefully
the street goes keeps going some a
little nervous the internet is going on
and off where we upload the vlog or way
earlier today it took two hours Maddie's
about to upload the PDS he looks excited
it's always in the other room editing
together a sizzle reel which we need for
for the panel that we need to be at in
an hour and 45 minutes and we don't have
our tags or anything yet so little
nervous but we might make it I think we
might make it okay so it's like 15
minutes till panel we have a pass we're
just trying to get to it
long content world broadly online video
we came into this at beginning of here
barbaric rush seeing you to this place
that could do short girls I really want
to start new subway all the music out
here like art started channels me like
take it down click post include hundred
a what's up I don't tag me what's up
matter how you do it anything my team no
you're good okay sure yeah you're good
hey Suze your breath is Sarah hi
echo you say I help not hurt like
terrible verify anything machine so
we're leaving Vegas but our last day
there was nice in the sense that I went
to sleep at eight it was fantastic I got
so much sleep and i slept asleep of
sleeping slumber and i had a dream and
ball lots of naked women there was a
major there too he was just kind of
staring just creepy much he had Tony
space so it's okay right oh yeah the guy
driving and he should hold the camera
what are you doing oh my god so last day
was nice probably my favorite part was
we sat down with with Maddie's impromptu
date she hung out with us for a while
she was nice good night she had some
wieners with us chin put all of it in
her mouth but she had a nibble what
about like a when you guys want to go
watch a movie how'd that go
serenity yeah would you guys do other
than the movie wait I gotta make this
turn that's what happened many a lot of
people a lot of people we're guessing i
personally think and it's no it's no
reflection on the type of lady that sara
is but I just just like the look in her
eyes yet she had the look in her eye
that your d might be in a very soon
fashion and we're keeping this media
team entity in the house did you not go
well what now we got on there I go away
we sleeping afterwards well I sleepy
afterwards yesterday where were you
sleeping because it was very dark in
that room this week does everybody she's
got like this huge home theater system
so it was actually really awesome yeah
we heard that Sarah apparently has lots
of money that's another reason why I'm
doing it assuming it on your mouth so he
can so we can have a face expert see
facial tics and then he can let us know
if what at what level of relations you
had with flora I wish oh I'm a terrible
so video so so Maddie did you get to
first base with Sarah
here i right refresh me on her space
just makin out right in which base first
base is making out yes yes what do you
talk about what Spurs Ray's first base
is holding hand I'm going like a few
middle school excuse me first base is
holding in Julian base let me all right
fuck it oh no girl second base is a
kissing or french kissing third base is
boobies and wet stuff more base like it
all worked down it all works yeah here
job can come anywhere as long it's sort
of ops and it's sort of like a-- they're
like walking to cursor or it's like
example for holding hands that just
doesn't seem like we should even say
this because i feel like any other dates
that i may go on in the future people
would feel pressure to one of the girl
before them because I is that event why
would that be a bad thing because then
it's like it's not like you'd be like hi
I'm Maddie and then she's going to like
put your dick powder
is that what it looks like she is that
is that what it looks like Medicare was
not your super 90 s saying I'm just
saying if you look at yesterday's video
she was staring her mouth half a time
and then and you you were you were doing
gangsta face the entire job which ones
gangsta gangsta base yeah duh haha dude
nigga no he wasn't if it's not so year I
don't know like he looked he looked like
super serious or angry which i think is
Maddie's i think is serious he's like
but main thing this is our first week of
vlogs going back if you liked it give us
a little like button love be good to see
if you guys want us to stick with this
because we're gonna do it anyway and
yeah i'm gonna have a start smacking
Tony until we crash so in a can happen
if you did please fix it yeah not gonna
happen is that how you punch people
without a bunch of camera
whoa it's like a maze figured you do
like third base now another way wait
look look at me directly in the camera
on outside face no third base okay does
that mean my West dark man
