what's the game plan he's fucking it all
up so I don't have one not two staff
Jason oh it's a hundred degrees out is
60 in here ah they told me we don't have
pay for utilities of this bitch so I was
like fine really love it I have a
conspiracy theory so I feel like
electric companies and the government
are in it together to keep the
temperatures high so we have to pay more
for air conditioner so you're saying
global warming not only it's being
purposefully worsened by the government
exactly love it love it right what if
was actually Elon Musk the entire time
he was saying like guys we need we need
to focus on this but secretly behind the
scenes he was pushing Oh everything to
be horrible so that he can go in on
Puerto Rico and the old city of solar
panels he's a big hero uh yes actually
right and he's actually the bad guy
that's what this that's what would
happen if life was a final fantasy you
weren't the only Muslim well-filled to
keeping theme of Halloween since
Halloween's today or tomorrow I don't
know what plug day it is we're doing
another competition film but now we're
carving pumpkins competitions great how
many think we're actually gonna do it
we're gonna do like teams of two I think
we should change it up for the voting I
think the people should vote I love it
the best pumpkin a lot of we should do
it old-school style will set up a little
website yeah I'm saying because what
Phil because what they'll what's today
today we sponsored by Squarespace what's
that well it's a fantastic place that
has the all-in-one platform make a
beautiful website nothing to install
patch or upgrade ever it's intuitive
it's easy they got award-winning 24/7
customer service that sounds great
though if you want to make the smart
move
Luckman everything sherry have go to
squarespace.com slash vloggity use
coupon code for 10% off your first
purchase that flowed really well or to
purchase okay if you is the purchase use
the code that seems like the way it's
gonna go to vote for the pumpkins over
go Pumpkins calm if Keith made the
website already I don't think you did
think you have to do that we're gonna do
it right now part so we're gonna go
carve the pumpkins with that you say it
no meanest way possible because I and I
just feel like you're not gonna come
visit the pumpkins I mean I will I mean
once for me when it comes to all the
stuff you guys do it's not about the
journey really about the destination
alright though pumpkin be super safe we
have teams we got these back over here
rave time are supposed to be Brian's
partner but he's a unfair advantage
already we got like 30 minutes
y'all have booklets if you don't want
anything in that booklet you can't go
print your own pattern if you really
want also the pumpkins are behind you so
I was gonna say we don't know what we're
doing I'm gonna do global good these
guys the PA is just get the watch and
what's your game plan he's fucking it
all up so I don't have one not two staff
Jason I think we have we slept the
disciple thing we want a car okay my
suggestion is a scary whale okay once
you suck a scary chick what's your
method what are you gonna do what you
know I'm not gonna tell you what I'm
gonna do this leave me a surprise okay
it's gonna be spooky and scary and it's
something that I'm afraid of that's a
boy
uh right now we're gonna pull out this
bad bird we're gonna empty and we're
gonna carve her up right all right do
you know what you're gonna make yes it's
inspired by my favorite artist Sam
Larson please love me you got to our
design to do is echoing the design this
is an idea just little trees it's just a
little scenic nature but I'm gonna try
to draw it and then outline it with
sharpie and I'm gonna put it on there
and I'm gonna photos through it and then
we're gonna outline that with sharpies
we're gonna cut it out okay sounds
really gonna be burning a fire in it
you're gonna hate you I'm good lately
oh no you just ran off it'll be back
that was a long time ago
Brian's is gone
I like how Brian's is quiet working you
guys figure we even Jason an option
because this guy that they fuck that
what's going on I can't put my fucking
hand in here get this shit have your
hand in there several times
okay we got enough of this shit out you
did a great job here Jason
growing it didn't work printed it
surprised no one is going for the
typical just scary face voice James
Hogan middle he has an exact Cotter and
I don't feel I get my fingers cut up
today or I'll be jobless trying to
fucking like edit like this with nubs
put nubs oh my gosh here's the thing so
it's not safe we tried the exacto knife
and then we got all the way around the
picture and though it was like yo we
can't see too small the knife can't see
any of the fucking yeah we spot got it
all over again welcome to the free owner
doing three once again we're gonna is
doing something what are you doing
yeah let her do it and now she's getting
passing it off to me that's called
equality you want me to do it fast he's
going how's it going good
we are how's it going Brian it's
anyone's race right over here today
alright Luke yeah nice pumpkin dude it's
that oh okay oh yeah see it what do you
see Free Willy yeah you know it's inside
Willy no supposed to be on a frame to
get out
don't Jonah are you guys done
Brian rd1 man Brian after that you'll
notice no bickering that's what she said
right this is scary just pulled on by a
fuckin yeah it's held on by that little
bit oh oh
so who bailed first because you were not
in there he was all in the pumpkin it
got weird I just like my okay alright
gonna call it ten more minutes guys ten
more minutes
what you gonna do with those ten minutes
Brian right what are you gonna do with
this getting close like I'm Brian Brian
how you feeling I'm not gonna finish it
yeah what's the price for this I guess
it's gonna get voted on right you're
gonna go to this website Oh what are
they gonna win though what do you ask
all right it's time for your knives down
everybody that's high that's it
everybody all right we totally got that
we nailed it slide them up we're gonna
top the lights kill the light
all right reveal your pumpkin oh my god
spooky for it so you gotta give me your
pitch reminds us of home cuz there's
trees and nature and if you don't vote
for us we're gonna bury you in a street
voter die Paris Hilton in 2024 all right
Brian
I pumpkin is a pumpkin I carved itself I
always buy myself so I'll take the
30-minute handicap below and picture up
when it's actually done ready here we go
here we go oh all right well we just
picked the most terrifying creature what
do you think I mean like you saw that I
thought someone's front porch would you
I'm not going up to that door yeah okay
so that's scary I got nothing i got
nothing we talked the whole are you
ready for this reveal yeah real phrase
this rip what
the pitches that is shit they're done
the pumpkins though let's see let's go
see it's gonna be dark in there so you
can use this flashlight to light your
beautiful things alright that work hello
Briana and Heath did a is at the Twitter
whale did I just hear Briana say that's
a bird oh no the fail whale zach and
Christie trees and a moon it looks dope
James and Jason of course they would
make a smiling poop emoji and then
that's just not fair that's not fair oh
that's insane that's an insane pumpkin
that's Brian's work it's like duo's and
then just bright that's hands down the
winner people I mean ya know you look
scary right now okay that's what I'm
going for
okay so it's up to up to those three
where we have to go to vote Phil
DeFranco pumpkins calm people below us
complain why because the people below
you their ceiling tiles almost fell off
it was a noise thing but their tiles
were moving that seems like the most
dramatic anyway they want to see this
video
they're probably fucking stupid
