hey you I miss you dice on your video
today that everyone thinks that we're
broken up everyone every single Thursday
but I'm gonna go look for a new house
which really means I'm gonna go look for
a new house for us yes I just kind of
figured people would know
yeah we've been wanting wish we had the
wide-angle lens on this now we've been
looking for a new place even just to
rent for a year because I don't know if
I want to always live in LA it's not
it's not my personality
and everything is wait wait wait wait
wait fucking expensive so we're we're
looking for a new place because well my
buddy Maddie you know Maddie I was
watching our house and the dogs first
some random fucking drunk dude most
likely just like a homeless dude bashed
in his window just window or carburetor
and we got in here so quick things
there's my baby
there's a bootie how you doing and yeah
I'm gonna go to sleep and we're heading
to Vegas tomorrow we're driving oh yeah
here's a puppy hey hey here's another
puppy's coming it's fantastic
so off to Vegas I'm in the back aniss we
got 20 feet at the wheel man it'd be
editing so we got five hours of this and
yes everyone has that phones on because
otherwise I would strangle Tony to death
anything here visa Bowie's Derek this
someone said that the place was like a
little flooded that's crazy
yes
yeah that's two Elvis impersonators one
fat one more fat they need to fight to
the death and then the other one gets to
eat the other one fucking Internet's not
working now I wanted to show the world's
future ex-wife so good Jewish boy said
that she's she's in Vegas and she would
love to see you there's so much while
we're here no while we're here yeah
so are you are you game for that am i
game i yes of course like what are you
feeling right now
well nervous because like I don't
typically just meet girls on the
internet it's it's not I don't know if I
had a style a little they give me my
child but right is it fun I don't know
I met Lindsay and then I stopped and
then you stop and then stop that was it
that was it I was like well this is good
this is awesome yeah I don't have any
kids I speak perfect English that's
awesome I only have four piercings and
they're all in my ears and I'm fairly
intelligent
I'm not a terrible person she's I think
she's from here no she just said I'm a
yes when that's when she's Maddie Maddie
my opinion in my opinion any girl on the
buys your shirt is good enough for me is
that what you is that what I said no you
were just gonna say in your opinion no
in my opinion that she is the one of the
most perfect girls for you to go on a
date with alright alright so girl my
contacts are on Twitter she's game so
she's gonna come to one of the parties
tonight so we should practice we should
because you because you said you're
awkward exactly hey Maddie it's nice to
meet you it's to meet you it's a
pleasure to meet you yeah alright this
is Vegas hey Maddie okay touch your body
with oil I think we just met but is that
cool hey VN if you ask you ever see what
he sees here for the adults entertain or
adult video whatever you like watching
two dudes down one chick here do that
like you think I'm that kind of girl
huh you think I'm that kind of girl that
would just meet random dudes on the
Internet how dare you how dare you I was
so ready to give it all to you well read
it and watch him it's like okay that's
great
let's it ego boost it is it is it's
great I'm very flattered it's very it's
just that I I've been me for so long
no I know all the possible ways that I
can mess everything up so it's like oh
okay
so let's get out there oh it's beautiful
of all the many what's beautiful right
now is right now and no I'm gonna take
shit for this but right now literally
you have so many video responses and so
many people contacting you that everyone
is just
we need a toast toast of the hot dogs
that's just like we touched our wieners
together
anything like we're gonna use this audio
how do you feel now that Google that
started implementing stares into their
party so it's now I think it's I think
it's great pass this way oh my god it's
a P Street my test that's all
amen okay all right we'll see that's
what it was oh I think canary different
game well knows nobody's pictionary but
I think the word was that word was
hangman so what the word was David I'm
just really good
so we Jack this picture of water isn't
so recording Oh huh okay we jacked this
picture pleasure water okay yeah we did
walked out with it well okay
it started by okay it started because we
couldn't find anything to eat and yeah
we're drink and I was really concerned
because I had a bunch of advil or I felt
liquid gels there are need to take
another one that aren't really advil
liqui-gels ibuprofen advil liqui-gels
and so what happened was we got out of
the CBS there and we're like we can't
find anything anything at all and so I
really want an ice cream did you want
any ice cream or you just like I don't
know we keep going into that hot cold
scenario yeah exactly
okay so we go outside and we get really
really cold and we come back inside we
get really warm so we did so it's yeah
all right fine see that just that's
anyways
so anyways so we came in here and we're
like hey this is Barbara like we should
go to the ballroom it looks closed so I
came in here in the ballroom as you can
see this is absolutely nobody in here
well there was a security guy between
these two people doing this it was not
part of my jobs that's the thing it's
like if anybody is really acting like
like two idiots well you can either
immediately kick the matter you just
pretend that they got things ya know but
somebody else goes and we're out here
okay totally wasn't me but see I wrote
this note that says dear anyone doing
reading this we're very sorry or needed
a neither boss some of your water and
cups what do I say some son of I'm gonna
fix you want to fix my m what are you
saying about my handwriting okay some of
your well you're watering your cups in
order to survive thank you for saying
our lives and you know Sarah and then as
a PS also we wish that your cookies and
then we're a little disappointed I have
to go I'll see you later
I've no idea this is the
