who's wearing sunglasses inside kill him
so I came in think around with a vlog a
little bit um looking at some of the
videos that are going out today research
my stories and time to film out all
before 930 that's a good day let's do
this thing so like one of the best parts
about me holding cameras is that I don't
actually know when I have it turned on
or not I think the reason that I don't I
couldn't tell the difference between
Japanese and Chinese is because I've
never actually hung out with a Japanese
person in my life no it's to the point
of though because I saw like a bunch of
attractive asian chicks I like I'm super
disappointed I looked ok don't be
disappointed please please so many yeah
I've come up with this idea your ear to
your you too much of a friend for you to
be alone so what I'm going to say to the
internets is if you would like to have a
date with my friend Maddie even if you
don't live in LA I if you are the right
fit it's like a skype date is I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna let him choose we're
gonna choose the office you you make a
video response be legal of legal age is
be of legal age and in send a video
response as to why you would like to go
out with Maddie and why he would want to
go out with you was no see this this is
encouraging the idea no no no I don't
want I don't want money to say his type
so send that as a video response to this
video I've said Maddie up so send video
responses on why you should you should
go on a date Maddie I'm not gonna let
him choose or respond but uh yeah do it
many what were your other girlfriends
like uh my girl have you only had one
yeah Oh what why Oh Maddie that's
adorable it is it is adorable he's like
I just said girlfriend I'm bang home
with all the time all right fine wait
wait wait don't tell me what about about
about my ex girl yes yeah she was great
yeah we went
when I college she's she's the theater
major theater major oh my god who are
you no no that's fine she was she was
like the least dramatic oh good to your
student of all time she was super chill
I dated a dated a theater person before
and yeah she's crazy so that's not
normally how it works you seem nervous I
you know how to act like feeling really
like being back way too far in this
chair oh there's gonna be so much fun
we're doing this thing where we're
trying to find a girl that wants to go
out with Maddie and people are gonna
send it video responses so what kind of
girl do you think Maddie should have as
you have Queen matter should have a
queen again over ABC's in the abcs oh
god am irresponsible so at least 16 how
do you think Matthew oh how do you think
maddie is like 21 22 24 you're 24 right
yeah okay so no easy police say it's in
yeah of course they're gonna like you
may have an old woman so we may need a
cool man okay wait what qualifies the
Cougars just 40s shut up Betty this does
it involve you being a mid thirties knit
late thirties his debut cool because
they started thinking you know okay once
i saw thinking aquino you know what I'm
saying I'm going away from David's
advice cuz he's like he's like he's like
one step away from saying Matt I just
need sir mountain hours i was waiting
for david to say he needs to roll
through some hoodrats that's what i
thought he was gonna say hey guys
what can you do it there you go what
kind of chick do you think Matt is your
day look at a chick or dude donica can
jump in on this of sonia's y'all down
the hallways a real one everyone was my
response a real date a real girl but hey
that's me that was me so I didn't want
to say that so instead instead I choose
something much more like I think this
seems to be the kind of girl that I want
Adam an animated one yes you just said
you should did a real one well you know
that being said I think pretty much I
think media began match to date her
Dustin yeah yeah I think casino Maddie's
editing these Soviet news readiness so
55 words that or characteristics that
define the girl that Maddie should be
really like sincerely yeah nice
intelligent creative quirky alive Allah
egos are the five low body hair oh it's
a bunch of falsity Edwards yeah well not
you using what you said what I think
your biggest to go go go kind hearted oh
not a terrible person I'm good tho those
are the same thing you ever notice how
Veronica is kind-hearted but also a
terrible person we should have feet and
good sense of humor no kids no more than
seven pas speaks English of age none of
it no I said of it Oh does he like show
of shaft and our star wars again is
there a guy and I think what I think we
should do is that and we were talking
about this bring it the the best three
or five video responses and then
actually have
audience boat and so they can like or
dislike one of the videos of the girl so
that could be that could be if you go to
a movie but and then we'll in will film
so instead of just a super awkward date
it's it's a super awkward date that's
being filmed I think it's gonna be
awesome yeah I think you're I think
you're I think you're really giving me
way too much credit for first he'll
Maddie has the money has the personality
of like a 500-pound dude but he's Maddie
so that's a good thing you have a fatty
personnel its complement your you're
good personally yeah you're one of the
best people like okay Oh
