it's a beautiful Monday morning it is
830 in the morning i woke up at five
this morning which is five to six as
usual wake up time i finish the show of
super super early today no one's here no
one gets to the office until about ten
o'clock but this is this is my life no
not not train of david i love you
traitor David why does it matter always
does he always puts it on like the worst
Center shop this is my life transferring
7.98 gigabytes the philip defranco show
is usually about 6 to 8 gigabytes from
the get-go and then we have to throw
that on the computer takes a little bit
and then then we have to convert it
because it's filmed out on a 5d 5d
footage not the nicest thing to work
with if you want to use titles and shit
like that converting it out so that I
would matter gets in you can edit and be
happy editor any be like oh look i can
just do my job it's not a trash bag oh
so when you talk about students letting
extra credit today I'm gonna put in
students all raising their hands going
yeah you're a genius and saw your a
chink see I would have thought extra
credit and I knew you would show a
picture of someone possibly giving
someone else a row six horse sex or
horse sex yes yes for sex neral sex 406
yes I think I take your credit ok you
can you get on that my flag was just
filming wha
are you doing hey will you did a YouTube
thing I'm not yeah just meeting David
just hanging out it's going out he's
gonna tell me how fat I am after the
holidays and uh he's like yeah I'm
looking at your stomach now gonna be bad
ah no I'm gonna say it I'm just saying
you're like you're like why you got the
camera well you got the camera no just
repeat it because it's a good question
what is what is lie vlogging oh oh I
think so what is vlog Eddie you went in
with me as well it's um a video blog
which is just essentially cataloguing
your life um the commercialization of
home video right what were you saying
about people I was saying like God is so
good to be like to love people and pair
about them and go to their houses late
at night and shoot them with shotgun oh
oh I didn't see that twist if we have
offset is a minute seven left heathrow
pink on the 9 yard line because he was
gonna try and finish the game typical
balton baltimore ravens play giving away
ball I'm just trying to hype this thing
up Oh 40 team this suck wasn't in this
sucks you're gonna play the call gonna
go
right now haha David proving he's a man
yeah he goes again oh really this isn't
really super bowl brutal Baltimore
everything well you know where I think
that I'm sorry Apple accordion sucks
they've lost in the game winning by 14
points and 44 who think
I have this agent no no no say yousay
it's different for me because I'm just
I'm just bitter against the Cowboys for
sucking so bad you got a while tony was
a tony was just throwing a hissy fit
he's like no we can't fit four people in
the car if we're getting bicycles and I
was like Tony you can you can use the
bicycles what is a bicycle part to put
in your car and then drive it around all
the time right that's what you do but
we're gonna get bicycles because um I
don't have one and I think I should have
one because it would make me less me I
think that's a good we could talk about
it on camera let's let's talk about this
personal situation no so okay so so so
Maddie's parents have a have come to LA
for how long like a month month or so
come on you can to watch the blog right
um but it's yes so why are they in town
teaching music and I think they're
they're doing it in conjunction with
some parts of documentary filmmaking so
I think that it has to do with no
specific thing you're like I possibly
said I know it did we talked with him
but no but do you uh like do you revert
back to like a little Maddie yes very
much though really yeah like what kind
of stuff happens I I you'd have to see
me around them is there a lot of like
well it's a monkey's on Madison does
your mom have a facebook let's see let's
go with it
long people will get him Jim the juicy
pants been talking about the juicy thing
there's nothing wrong with the juicy
pear well that's falling that wrong
individual to see through it you know
it's a situation don't know any word to
this somebody bakes may wanna hope you
don't know what it means to sing the
words I'm singing but I know I wanna
pull myself in you now we gonna dance
trance trance dance dance dance did you
like the song i just made for you it was
fantastic so so my camera died and i
just gotta recharge and we so yes we got
the bicycles we wrote them back to the
studio very nice it is magical I love
riding a bicycle though because um I
feel like I'm always like sheltered from
the world's I'm either in like a
building or I'm in a car that's covered
that's going to another building or you
know just you know I'm not ever out in
nature and riding a bike is really good
because it just reminds you like I'm
being a kid and you're just like one
with the world the poet sounds weird but
it's nice the reason we wanted to get
the bikes though is 1 i've been wanting
to have a bike to ride back and forth
from work because it's within five miles
for a very long time and then the only
reason i'm in my car now is because i
can't take the bicycle to my house in
this car because it's so small and so
i'll probably have to wait to like the
weekend someone will drive me to the
office i'll drive or ride the bike back
and the reason David needed one is
because the bike is his main source
transportation i don't know if it's
because he's like a health nut or what
but
but his was stolen about a month and a
half ago from the gym that he was
working at and he's literally been like
walking or like I need a ride so I was
like dude you can't do that you can't do
that we have a bike so we got a bicycle
and that was that's the end of that
story that's the it was fascinating
story but yeah you you help you and
yours while you can that's what you do
that's what family teachers you or to
resent and hate everybody one of the two
