hey so I'm pretty dishevelled head into
work and I wanted to start up these
mostly daily vlogs again and I thought
what better way to start 2011 then
looking at 2010 and all the stuff we did
on the vlog inning together it was
amazing let's look at it and then I'll
say sums up at the end of the new be
like okay okay what do you look like
future Phil do you look like me pretty
you look completely different maybe we
got those lady gaga I implants that'd be
pretty fuckin scary right if I was the
same person that I was back in the day I
would be an emotional infant like unable
to handle shit like okay so let's go
into TMI i wish i could fall get your
face but i cannot fall get your face
this place it hurts so i think this girl
who had you know mess with my minds are
so long because if she hadn't I'd
probably still be in North Carolina with
a job that I hate and pain is kind of
how you grow up I should not say this
of course you know by this by this point
the project 30 the weight loss is done
and I'm very happy to say that we have
gone well I have gone from 236 to 220 in
one month he was planning it sorry it
was just my goal at some point to ad-lib
over a cover of a been King so it's a
very specific goal take a look random
you ever
I hate that my whole thing on the
internet sometimes is like speaking what
I feel because most of the time it's a
bad idea and I don't want to the TSA the
TSA the organization that's supposed to
before you get on an airplane is
comprised ninety percent of people that
are really and what other people getting
on the flight heard TSA agent and the
woman
a lot of people and I don't want with a
real person on the internet they want
somewhere in that it's what makes them
laugh but I think that's why I've come
to like this this family that we all
have I mean everyone likes to laugh and
that's what that of the main channels
for and this is more of uh yeah just me
do people get you see wearing the mask
or do you ever take the mask off no
because then people would know my secret
identity my last mass was ripped by my
arch-nemesis mr. Miyagi I'll get you
sparkling mangina
Oh
but million Regina vamos a lil
but ultimately to the main question yes
i do believe war is a necessity because
some doors do not have a key sometimes
you just gotta kick that fucker in in a
world where laser tag is the only form
of combat because guns stop being made
yeah it happened Ted up DeFranco must
battle 12 year olds and 15 year olds
when the world's gone laser mad directed
by michael bay on Sofia leave her alone
and I'm speeding in and speeding and
that's what the tornado part is no John
give me something up my mother father he
was a massage you must understand hangin
with Aaron and I am everything no that's
just more races Tom ninjus so I'm as mad
nice dear that's just the words yo no I
mean there's ninjas in the room fuck at
the end of the day everything can't be
because of something negative it has to
also be you know what I want to I want
to be in better shape and it makes me
feel good and I know that while I'm
doing this it's worth it and it's I'm
trying to mature essentially
yay so we're gonna go to a party where
everyone is 80 times more attractive
than myself I imagine I'm gonna try and
bring the camera in if I can't I just
want you to know I didn't enjoy it as
much that's alive
this is your circus choose your own
destiny what are you talking about so
guys I hope you enjoyed that video
2010-2011 is gonna be a very interesting
here and those videos will start
tomorrow on this channel so subscribe do
it I know this is helping but I'm doing
this but yet so you can see the other
behind the scenes of show my life and
some of the stuff that goes on between
me and the world's the world
