that is disgusting disgusting show me a
trick to show a trick but and now so we
run across sighs yeah yeah straight
straight and not gonna cross him yeah it
me it looks like you're looking at your
nose but that what it is yeah as opposed
to like like here and then like you do
you think I have my eyes cross here
right yeah well I got a week you are
like I want to i I've practiced many
times
at least eight hours I woke up like
three times last night yeah can you move
like oh my god that's so awesome
and then like frame and to now to record
on it yeah oh you're going yet what kind
of frame I don't know okay I'll put you
in the side quarter
I was gonna try to block out its market
market likes playing and it cool news to
me and cool is it is people
but he was talking about how everyone to
rights on the site is a big flamer and I
was like whoa you don't say stuff like
that on the internet all wibbly-wobbly
like that you'll take it there become
the most hated man they do an equal news
and Jane sama Buffy knows movie poop
chute pants it was what it was it just
like do you ever do this like if you
have no shoes on and you just find like
a surface to rub it on oh that feels
good like right on the inside of your
foot yes
oh man is it the best feeling in the
world unless you can find someone that
rubs hands really good this is great
this is great is that did you have this
is a Michael J Fox head huh yeah yeah
yeah yeah box in but you're the opposite
you have another kid now now I'm better
no no no it's no more
no thank you okay the awkwardness came
in about sixth grade the and I'm not
even sure why but yeah like in fifth
grade you are you were getting all the
playground ladies no it was okay all
right maybe I should exciting schools
very engine and you realize your penis
was crooked yes yeah yeah no see like
look okay maybe I should preface this by
saying I was home-schooled till sixth
grade maybe in sixth grade I just found
out I was on that's terrible yeah from
home school - yeah public yeah yeah and
and I found out how how awkward I was
and I was like the world is fantastic
and then I was like wait a minute
what's what's wrong with me
