hey guys so we're just wasting some time
before we go to the the project for
awesome live stream which is exciting I
bought some raffle tickets for a mystery
guitar man signed guitar was like oh my
God he's my hero and and then I got an
interesting email which is actually why
I'm making the video because I didn't
want to go hey look it's me playing with
a toy isn't that exciting oh my god Phil
I love you were playing toy what yeah I
got this email about of the series bite
me which you may have seen on machinima
which it's there they're on their fourth
episode right now and I'm gonna include
a link to the the first episode but they
sent me an email cuz I left some
comments and I was like oh my god I love
Daniel beast I mean you sir please don't
hurt me i love this series and they were
like hey would you want to possibly be
involved in some way for season two and
I was like ah baby I don't know cuz my
constant reply to any youtuber that
wants me to do stuff is sorry I'm too
busy of just know you know hey you know
it would have to thaw I'll of but then I
was like you know what maybe but only
only if only if the nation would be
excited about it so what I want you to
do I want to do is check out the series
and go hey what I like build you
possibly kill zombies and or possibly be
murdered a terrible terrible terrible
terrible way or in some way be involved
but guys I'm going to head out to the
project for awesome charity event but
yet let me know everything you think
everything you think everything thing in
the comments mother I don't know I'm
talking about that that the blah
