hello of laga d sort of people this is
not my main show if you thought it was
your stupid i had an intro and
everything let's just start this with a
viewer question hey Phil I just wanted
to know what's your favorite childhood
memories like what did you like to do or
kid let me know well a girl who looks
like a girl I once dated my favorite
childhood memory is probably Bronx New
York 1992 my dad holding me by the hands
spinning me around in the the park it
was still the 90s so people didn't like
go like he's abusing his child but um it
was very fun and dangerous because uh
you know it was essentially like gravel
in the in the UH on the playgrounds and
you had metallic swings and everything
was still dangerous it wasn't like the
80s dangerous where they had like the
dome you know the metal thing with the
pipes and you'd like climate and then
like 18 children would fall and I just
you know oh here at the band-aid here
you go probably then going to the park
what my dad is my favorite thing because
I didn't get a lot of time with my dad
growing up because my parents were
divorced uh fun factoids oh man Phil now
I can relate to you so much better I
know we're good friends yeah my parents
were split up and I just I loved it like
my dad got to take me on the weekends
and half the time he would he was
busting his ass at his job so I would
hang out my stepmom who is probably one
of the the best people ever in existence
like the the sweetest lady ever and I
took it when I was little I took her for
granted i was like you're not my mom now
let me play video games for 18 hours a
day I'm sorry I'm going we're going up
onto a tangent now I guess one of the
things with maybe that's my favorite
memory is because my dad did not have
full custody I saw him a lot less and I
wonder sometimes if it is the fact that
I didn't get to be with him that that
much you know it goes back to that same
the heart grows fun with distance I
fucked up that saying but when you are
around someone is
get on your nerves plus when my dad did
eventually have full custody of me when
I was older he went from fun dad to
responsible dad but it was like oh I can
we go to the movies every day you suck
but he did she was still look at that
accept anyone from like swinging me
around at the the park to slap boxing
and he would always win which isn't cool
against twelve-year-old look through my
dad but thank you very much the user got
a crave it really that's you're using it
that is fantastic piece show but guys of
course if you want me to answer a
question about myself about you about
the world leave a question to everyone
else is just leaving comments what was
your best childhood memory and of course
if you want to see anything else we did
today check out the links in the
dooblydoo the description and as always
love you long time and they'll see you
soon
Sucker Punch's movie about the legs for
willing to go to in our minds to deal
with situation
