hello viewer now if you're a fan of
philly deed on TV you might know that
sometimes i post uh you know some funny
stuff whatever i think's funny that i
found on the internet some of the stuff
is sometimes step I mean sometimes just
just hot girls and the question I get
the most other than Phil why are you so
awesome thank you for this picture I
love your face let's man hug and wrestle
and jelly which is weird and very
specific I get something from girls that
say things like do you have a girlfriend
and then my favorite was um how the fuck
do you have a girlfriend you misogynist
Pig and I don't even I don't know the
definition one what I don't hate women I
love women I love women so much that
it's sometimes all I think about that's
right that's why I love lesbians so much
is because it's awesome Plus awesome and
it's double it's not even double awesome
it's awesome to a second power which
which is awesome because it's not nine
plus nine right it's 81 ha I'm not
retarded yet that's good so yes when I
post pictures of hot girls asian descent
blah Blee blah it is because I am just
appreciating art now granted it is art
that you can have sex with so
mm-hmm women aren't that you can have
sex with it that's the ending but as
much as I love arts as much as I love
the female form I love my girlfriend and
she gets it I'm just not allowed to have
hot asian friends and boys and girls
isn't that what a relationship is
compromised about hot asian girls who
sometimes send me pictures naked I think
so
you
