Kevin's gonna accuse me of stealing
because he did that in a vlog or like
for three blogs like literally we can go
through footage I wanted to do a real
world style confessional blog since the
old place we'll take it back two years
what are we talking about though
changing the format of what we're doing
okay what on the PDS put a blog or what
what are we doing see like right now it
would cut to me Joey
sometimes Joey it's just like I can't
tell if it's part of the gimmick or it's
literally just not happening up there
and then it would come back Joe's
computer crashed on him multiple times
in today we found out user error which
we all do but oh no his computer and he
was like I can't with technology today
and with the news rare you're not
supposed to say that until you're like
what the problem was that no on fucking
max can you pull a menu down right you
have to click exactly what you want if
you don't have to click on watch it'll
close oh yeah you have to click exactly
within the right pixels because if you
don't it'll dislike get the reason you
have to be accurate with what your
selection yes yeah but it's annoying as
fuck you have a little dinky little
mouse and you guys it's okay look what
my hand stays in one place I'm not doing
this I'm not just slide over here to try
to move much to do with it like now fuck
you
it's called a trackball and I love it
that's great I used to play Duke Nukem
on it and win tournaments it's done
they'd kick ass and chew bubblegum and I
am all that ago all right so what the
hell were we talking about the people
inside here don't know
but the people inside I filmed that too
late Phil weren't filming when they were
explaining I don't think so I think we
just go pull our query Oh Jason edited
like essentially the rough of the Friday
show and then they were working on the
same project he did it her own
seemed pretty good yeah no no we would
do that every day
all right that sounds good we're
drinking coffee okay cool it's a
Thursday
I got a view double-double shows double
shots double shows double shots it's
great when he walks away I know I hit up
hit a nerve right your trackball it'll
look Michael what do you use the mouse
or just the trackpad yeah do they sell
there's giant track yeah yeah for like
what 500 hours I'm still try all right
so what's going on you're designing a
set dough so Bryan and I won't Brian
really but when you work together to
conceptualize what this will eventually
look like for the new new show and we're
picking out paint colors to match the
color scheme so Brian and finally finish
the graphics the back wall is all gonna
be just one big just like a big design
but it's gonna be like lines so like
shapes and stuff and then we're to do
the same type of idea on this back wall
except instead of this is gonna be
entirely painted and then this wall
we're gonna get a bunch of picture
frames that are all different sizes we
have big dreams okay let's see how much
we can get done
Oh dream big maybe a lot of construction
going on in there Joe okay well who's
gonna be doing the construction everyone
well look busy cuz we're cutting to
another fuckin monta
paint colors did you decide on secret
kept any secrets mean does it close to
yellow
thanks groaning like a golden show
nothing and say anything
a costly what have you learned what did
you learn lose hot that we're painting
stuff wet Ryan give me something what
have we learned today
oh we were nuts the egg came before the
chicken - this little camera so enjoy it
alright ladies and gentlemen it's time
for another epic adventure with the PAS
booth what are we doing today oh you
know Ryan we're just going to Home Depot
to pick up some paint why are using a
southern accent I just feel like using
my native tongue all right guys we just
finished up our run at Home Depot and we
are on our way to test the paint on the
new set so Luke what do you feel about
all this we got some new brushes alive
and way longer you should always keep
clear of your feet
always watch them as soon as you're done
using them so that they can have a long
and happy life I reckon that's a pretty
good advice bottom track crimes going on
we just use the chalk rail to chalk the
lines and now we're gonna take those
lines and put tape alongside of them so
that you can paint each individual
section we subscreen like money great I
like the color pink shoes maybe that
could be a new thing pink shoes actually
looks cool and your shirt though it's
like a cool design thanks Joe
they look good in my hair - trying to
look at the positive see we get you some
water tons of water base the oil baby
this is latex paint way to exponent it
sounds not convenient this is nice
trim masking all right it gives us a
nice hard line okay so it's good for
painting styles like this because it
gives us nice solid line it's less
susceptible to letting the paint bleed
under the edge oh it's nice and clean i
likey
you see lay some of that shit down
smells good like I would nice unique
smell to a little must do it well mainly
smut wouldn't mind smelling like this on
a daily basis rough round her neck
Minnie's rep remaining boom maybe I'll
shave just like you thinking thinking
that I got paint I was like what screen
do you like the one on the wall the one
your servants I think the green might
have picked me this is what ended up on
my shirt really like the other ones kind
of - green screen green which one's the
one on the way in - I need some plates
on it yeah this is kind of my favorite
but it's gonna clash with this still
deciding the tape that's on this wall
here I'm a lot of this
let's take us straight up to the top
okay I think that often just as this is
all gonna be great over here we can do a
chocolate or something here but we want
the line here
I want it to be straight you know we're
getting ready to paint we've been
testing colors they've arrived in a
color palette they want swatch it and
now I'm gonna throw it on the wall I
think the ones on the top are the ones
they're gonna go with those are the top
that's a bad choice but okay here we go
now you're on the record as saying good
all right
Colette two timeless No
about paying down yeah it'll be a lot of
shade of gray okay you know basically
look white but it would be what we call
off why okay yeah I'm painting on the
mid shade right don't think I look but
your uh your vlogs too is that's there
are so many complexities yours can't
even begin to unpack the shades of gray
sounds like Wow that'll be the first
couple of it just got some very odd sexy
right isn't that what that shows about
shades of gray
are you just saying in general terms of
shades of gray I wouldn't say they're
hot sex scenes but they're like yeah
there's like three of them together okay
that's good
Phil hello we already filmed this but
the card got corrupted never happened
before Phil and I apologize it's okay
year and a half here first time this has
happened is it really I think so that's
actually pretty lucky I know right good
technology Phil speaking of technology
what do you think about that new new
room that we're working on the
construction oh we're doing this one
yeah big fan of it I'm excited I don't
remember all the things I said but I am
I am I'm pumped it's a it's all
everything's a work in progress
yeah it's all in evolution or ever
figuring out what looks nice what what
works we're getting a lot of new gear
okay I know we just got a new TriCaster
I don't think it's in there yet
yeah but it's a lot of cool shit cool
man looking forward to it super pumped
for making moves film making moves
making moves making waves making babies
you're making more babies now you know
I'm going through the steps to make sure
that is not pasta dough cumin those
steps though they're gonna make a great
vlog - we'll make it happen
no officer dr. Simeon - I'll get his
permission
cool Phil I'm glad you understand how
consent works when they talk to me I'm
pretty convincing guy okay okay be for a
good cause bill cause when porn the
people getting sniped all right Phil
Cole plaid hopefully we aren't
fulfillments again Oh make sure the
cards are good and I'll make sure maybe
we'll just get new cards so I think
that's that might be the thing
I'll get the most expensive ones so they
don't break ok Kong really no all right
guys we just finished our run Home Depot
we're gonna be testing the paint on the
new scent we you have anything to add to
this conversation
not really
all right what's iwill Horta
