boys everybody else has like this door
all decorated we had a plan and then the
county's got screwed okay cool well good
luck under your door with the string on
it oh what's this oh look at that do it
again with them all there you go it
looks like a senior photo cool yeah
we'll put that laser background you know
what they used to do yes always cost a
little bit more atone recall I apply
high school middle school all that stuff
out of my mind
oh really forever forever Phil what
we're doing something fun today
what cuz it's Halloween time yes you
know my birthday's coming up so has
nothing do with my birthday I just want
to throw this I don't know cool we're
decorating doors today Phil okay yeah
yeah whoo aren't you excited about this
so excited I mean I'm not participating
yeah I mean I'll be I'll be enjoying it
consuming it isn't ironic that we
mentioned middle school and that's kind
of something that you do with middle
school or probably great yeah I don't
think adults usually decorate their
doors I don't know I don't know I don't
know what adult people do there the last
time I I get to see the Sun in the
middle of the day two times a week maybe
I can you know I'm gonna do for you I'm
gonna like to print out like a Sun right
there so you can see we're gonna do that
everybody's just gonna look around
decorate it's gonna be fun we're gonna
have fun and yeah it's gonna be fun too
you know what the main thing that I got
is this is probably gonna be fun yeah
these could be fun so I'm just picking
that up yes Oh unspoken pie getting that
vibe give me a comment if you think is
gonna win a but all these doors going
wait so are the doors having to be done
by the people that are in them yes
mainly bikini dream Lee unfit well boy I
think that because there's like eight
people in one office and then two to
three and ever you have every other
office yeah but I think who do you think
has the amazement the eighth but don't
you think their heads will collide maybe
no because I know out of that eight I
know it's gonna happen you're gonna
a leader emerged most likely and Amanda
who is then going to get the people that
are best at what they do involve
specifically on that there's also going
to be some other people there just
happen to be there who gonna take credit
for it
it's kind of sound like you're a CEO of
like a business you know that's how it
works
yes okay oh yeah oh wait I mean no not
me I'm talking about like that's that's
what a magazine - okay that's why a man
is good at their job
all right what do you think about
Hillary and Kristy I feel like they have
the excitement all right great film well
everybody else is just gonna do it also
exists yeah okay all right well we're
gonna get started well hopefully we
won't disturb you you won't because
you'll be doing it out there yeah
exactly and we didn't shoot this on a
different day yeah bye Phil bye Brian
you excited for the door decorating
contest no wanna check out other things
I got to get done Jim like like what
like a poster and a mug that need to be
done in probably one of this come out
Brody do these for Friday I mean the
plus Serna mug that has to be done for
November 1st or not my birthday November
1st you won't even be here I know okay
well I'm glad you're not excited but I'm
sure you're still gonna work hard right
now we'll see all right Jason you
excited about the door decorating
contest yeah fucking do this
all right ladies he's ready I know
you're super excited what about you
Hillary you excited for the door they're
good you know we got patreon people
counting right now so I think we can
take a moment to work on the door I'm
excited sweet yeah super pumped you
ready Krista you guys ready for the door
decorating contest you want it they
already started to it the whole John
Mayer thing everyone gets 30 minutes we
have 30 minutes Jojo not a mother's day
here all night I was thinking 10 minutes
ten minutes we gotta get back to base
camp and this is the table that you have
to work with and you have anything else
this in your room you can put on the
doors well these first-come first-serve
all right wait wait we gotta do the
timer on it when you start the timer all
right what's your plan what's your plan
the truth is your method man listen I've
got you you don't judge me okay I really
have a plan yet I'm gonna black out
these letters tricker eat and I'm just
gonna attach food to the door so if
anyone's hungry then come to my door and
eat well sure our boys plan of action
here we have we have the bare bones of a
plan right now Joe we're gonna make a
all right hey what's the game plan well
what we think we're gonna do here is I'm
gonna hang this guy I'm too devoted to
the patreon people and down there always
how's it going in here
you guys didn't even start yet yeah you
just can't look Joe crappy tablecloth
but you got the dollar store or no
so guys are getting kind of crazy with
this one we're the techie guys we can't
just like show stuff onto this tape it
looks like you pre-made that while on
the job yes how's it going man they've
been at it for ten minutes and that's
what we've got so far alone I'm very
proud of my team at the moment I kind of
like that you have to try harder I think
you need to like help out a little bit I
am helping out Oh coming from you Joe
I'll contribute man there's something to
contribute to what it must be to come up
with ideas that other people have to do
just doing my job
they're in Kristy how you guys doing
actually looking pretty good okay with
Norwich yeah what is going on in that
room better my team and the door sucks
oh boy
i toast the bagel before i put it on the
door I'm gonna toast it montage oh my
god it's looking pretty good
it's a thing as conspiracy the longer
the truth boys everybody else has like
this door all decorated we had a plan
and then the accountants got screwed
okay cool well good luck on your door
with the string on it you might want to
get this there's not a lot of ways to
get a bagel on the door so what I did is
I screwed it to this plate and I'm just
gonna tape the plate to the door as you
can see it works at the price table how
about that yeah let's go do what I know
what I'm playing for it I want to know
what effort I know there's a table the
prizes you can choose your price because
everybody when is this like a
participation award no we're not doing
that whole you know everybody will say
that I do not I picked them I picked
them out oh really good I really don't
want to have you figured out like first
place guess what I don't know I think
they should probably just be able to
come pick something off pricing what
else those are all the prices you bought
no wait there's one more that's gloves
how could I have forgotten this can be
like the first prize right here
something grabbed these suckers here we
go two minutes two minutes two minutes
oh yeah we're gonna win this one time's
up and the doors are ready yes and we're
gonna now you're gonna go around my
you're really deciding the winner yeah
but they're gonna pitch they're gonna
pitch to you I okay their doors okay
what's the pitch what's the pitch the
pitch is that this is deep
Frankenstein's monster and he's shitting
on the graves of his enemies and they're
burning in hell very dark but also
damaged because what if monsters dabbed
that look see it captured your eyes I
think perfectly he didn't do shit all
right ladies there they are
so what I want you to notice all of the
elements all of the different textures
like we've got glitter we've got the
burlap up there we've got the web down
here we've got wrinkles and roses and
it's also just like a mix of like
eclectic like note John Mayer that's
important to you what was your
inspiration I would say our inspiration
came from patreon yes really inspire
like very cult colorful all right Zach
hi okay so first off I'm the only one
person team yeah all me I didn't realize
was a mad dash for the table of props so
I was yeah so I did trick or eat what
makes her break a good Halloween party
the food some wiggle water you know have
a bagel it's like I have no I don't
worry next one I really think we can
explain it because it's the truth
yeah I like theater check out you see
you have of theories and your new media
shoes I helped with justice pretty much
how long did this take
last one well this is our friends like
us he juggles many things he likes
hanging out but when he suits up I'm the
gloves come off why is he a skeleton
work because I'm dead inside
piays rule you might have noticed
there's a little bit of unnecessary
punctuation but that is not actually
unnecessary because it's not that piays
rule what's the P is rule
that we rock we have another page to
keep going until we drop the ball that
felt like I was watching a pitch on
shark tank I give you a 50% stay open
for your home's ooh
so it feels very unnecessary but I want
it I want to point out this this is the
weirdest door that wait is there a prize
the winners get first pick I think that
the best door I'm gonna be going with
Zach's door themed around one prom and
it's amazing if I take Zach on the
running best presentation all right
