hello vlog ET and internet type people
so yesterday after i finished philip
defranco show by my buddy and trainer
David popped over to see the the studio
so I like showing people the studio at
least once I'm like look I accomplished
one thing and then while I was here I
was like hey I've been wanting to do a
video where I show people the exercises
that you've been showing me but even
better what if you did it because you
actually do them correctly and so he
wasn't prepared but I just throw a Mike
on let's film some stuff so I thought
you might appreciate it be nice to him I
know how you internet people can be bent
here you go here's trainer David with a
three exercises you can just throw in
any time during the day no equipment
just have to have a body length of room
and they're working with David and doing
these exercises when I don't actually
have time to go to the gym was one of
the reasons I lost 20 pounds during
project 30 so enjoy alright so now what
we're gonna do we're gonna focus on the
chest all right what we do with the
chest we have three different exercises
you can do to focus on the chest first
we're going to focus on a modified
push-up with a modified push-up what you
want to focus on and keeping the knees
the hips and the shoulders are lying
together keeping the back down inhaling
down keeping the elbows close exhaling
up inhale down exhale up that's how we
do the modified push-up making sure our
hands are as wide as our chest also what
we want to do we want to take it to the
next push up alright which is the
standard pusher understand the push up
all we do is just extend the legs out
keeping everything aligned and what
we're gonna do is gonna inhale and down
exhale up again keeping the elbows in
tight because we do want to focus on the
triceps as well and if you want to
intensify that a little bit you want to
push yourself a little bit more than
what you're gonna do is you can just
wring it out wide to a wide stance push
up and that is slightly outside of the
shoulders all right you're gonna make
sure when you're going down your arms
are in an l-shaped formation
right exhale up inhale down exhale up
and then for the final we're gonna take
it into what we call a diamond push up
the diamond push ups we're gonna focus
on the triceps even more now and what
we're gonna do is you're going to inhale
down exhale up inhale down exhale up and
there you go for the chest alright so
now we're gonna focus on the core
stability that's what we want to cover
with the core okay first thing we're
gonna focus on a plane so with the
planks what we're gonna do and have a
modified plank first with a modified
plank what you want to focus on most
important is having the knees down on
the ground also having the butt in the
air that boils out okay in a plank
position that's what you want to focus
on there with the extended plane the
difference all you have to do is extend
the legs out now we want to focus on
most importantly in both courses keeping
our core engaged not letting our back
sink in nor again having our butts too
far in the air where it takes away from
the core that's what we're going to do
with that if you want to get a little
bit intense with the core all you have
to do is in the extended plank raise the
right leg up hold it for five seconds
bring it down raise the left leg up or
you can hold up the right arm or the
left on and that's what we have for the
core alright and so now what we have we
have the legs but the legs what we can
do you can do we have three different
variations with the legs first day we
have we have is sumo squats I love doing
the sumo squats because we focus on
adductors also to outer thighs as well
so what you want to do with that have
the feet 45 degree angle chest up nice
and tall inhale down exhale up deep into
the hips making sure you're sitting back
on the hill okay we want to make sure
everything is going through the
posterior chain of our bodies the back
side next you can take it to a lunge
lunge is pretty simple all you want to
do is make sure again you're sitting up
chest up shoulders back you want to take
a step out you take your step out make
sure your knee and your ankle or a line
and then the back side you want to make
sure you're hitting your thigh or line
okay inhale down exhale up inhale down
exhale
up let that be your tempo main thing you
don't want to do is bathe your knee be
careful what you need also what we have
we have single leg squats we get the
focus on each individual leg because we
do have a strong side and a weak side so
you get to get the focus individually on
each leg and joint motion of those legs
okay so what we want to do is you want
to keep our chest up all right take one
leg off the ground put one hand on the
hip to keep us balanced and now we're
going to go ahead and inhale down with
the opposite hand tap the knee exhale
coming up keeping the chest up inhale
down tap the knee exhale and then you
got it do you have your single leg squat
so what you want to do is you want to
make sure that you add each one of these
exercises and variations to your
exercise regimen guarantee with the
different types of stress put upon the
body your body has to change if you help
you get closer to your goal so one thing
you want to do is stay consistent
alright you stay focused holiday season
is coming around a lot of food a lot of
things going on a lot of party you can
have a goal in mind by this time next
year you dev to eat whatever you want to
eat alright so keep that in mind stay
focus stay focused yes but if you like
that you found it interesting uh hit the
like button share David some love I'm
trying to convince them to make a
youtube channel cuz I think would be
super beneficial for you guys well not
just you guys because some of you a very
tempting and underage which is weird but
I finally of course check out the the
new philip defranco show video and some
of the other stuff love you long time
