internet I just I just uploaded today's
from DeFranco show after you watch this
video watch the philip defranco show i
wasn't just saying that wiggly wobbly
what anyway I wanted to make a blog
commenting on some of the stuff that you
commented on so it's a reaction to a
reaction i'm gonna make a third channel
to make a reaction to your reaction of
my reaction and then a fourth no i'm not
going to do that already have 12
channels um so i want to talk about
justin bieber a lot of people were like
bill why are you hating on the Biebs I'm
not Justin Bieber is actually is
actually talented whether whether you
know you don't like the auto-tune being
used in his in his music or anything
like that whatever I've heard the kids
sing acapella amazing voice voice of an
angel with beautiful hair and what am I
saying about a young boy what I was
saying is I the reason I don't like
certain things as he's being portrayed
as this kid that that overcame all this
adverse what what adversity did justin
bieber overcome he's a ten-year-old boy
white kid in a white neighborhood who
has a beautiful voice like was who is
making fun of justin bieber like their
luck your haircuts adorable and girls
like you hahahaha what are you talking
about no and then his his biggest thing
is is uh oh man something's happening
uh-oh we have to go if we go and there's
dogs and there's the biggest thing is
justin bieber's like I came from this
small town of 30,000 people it's like
the smallest town are 30,000 people did
you just have one mall did you guys have
a chick-fil-a there was no chick-fil-a
how did Justin ever overcome those odds
ah
