the office we stand really close to all
the other side you talk about when your
time I heard so oh sweet sweet sweet
sweet sweet sweet yeah there's a sweet
shot of her role the one with her tits
hanging out of the bus yes okay choose
to spit got lab that's big I can ideally
and you have to be like excuse me really
it's like spit like seen them hey Phil
so you're going to Florida um is it cool
if I take the week off to go see my mom
what's your mom's danica Rachel whites
yo your mom's in that's some terrible
son good terrible fucking side hey Bill
so you're gonna for delivery okay hey
Phil so you're going to Florida is it
cool if I take the way off and go see my
mom Matt I don't know is it it's the
book Oh fucking shit fuck I don't know
what my name is Rachel you don't you
yeah we're gonna do a bunch of junk
quick hand ah yes his newest one is
Geordi LaForge yes and imma try one more
over the top over the top she spit up
soon and they came out of my penis into
her mouth oh poor generique shortly any
original once Rachel like the spit
excu spits semen like uh was disgusting
I got my lots of raptors no no no it's
the villa thesaurus man it's not a la
sorte de la posada right voice actors
don't spit they're not spitters since
we're fucking really like Rockefeller
Center on the intelligence audience you
look actually from I cus it quite quite
frankly I think you know
