joy
to fair hey so one of the biggest things
for me these days is to make sure that
when I am traveling or just in general
to maintain some sense of physicality
you know just just doing shit
essentially and of course it's a little
underwhelming when you come to a place
or a hotel and there jim has no free
weights no machines it's essentially
like stairmasters and I'm like
motherfucker you already have stairs you
have eight floors upstairs so here is
one of the biggest things is to maintain
your health while you're on the road
it's really hard or just in general
because it's so easy to snack but um
I've been I've been well and of course
you know by this by this point the
project 30 the weight loss is done and
I'm very happy to say that we have gone
well I have gone from 236 to 220 in one
month that makes me a little happy also
a little relieved that the first project
30 has been a success and I continue
being healthy now that the habits in
place which of course brings the next
point what is the next project 30 I'm
gonna figure it out I would love to know
what you think the next project 30
should be and really be anything and so
leave those ideas down below of course
I'm not going to do anything stupid or
hurtful to do myself because I want
these to be really really positive
things and so if you if you leave a
ideas down below great if you want two
thumbs up good ideas do that too and
then and we'll we'll keep an eye on but
of course I did just go to San Francisco
and there were there were some
highlights you know we we started out we
just we were walking around and then we
we ran into uh into a viewer / fan
presence Sebastian is a very cool dude
and then we went to gadget world on the
pier where they were showing us how the
iphone case makes the phone essentially
indestructible but I couldn't help but
wince every time the very attractive
very very very very very very
very attractive girl kept throwing it on
the table so I'll not cheese but it keep
you like a pig yelled at what our stay w
my counter of course let's end this vlog
Lee with a viewer question hey um I had
a question and my name is Athena and it
my question is what happened to your
like ending song look at the end of all
your videos used to have the song and it
would go swimming with a hit now swing
the kid yeah well Athena first off I
apologize that I cut you off but I don't
want my viewers to contemplate what
exactly they're feeling whether it be
rage or whatever other emotion because
you are like 13 but yes the music for
the photo Franco show has constantly
changed we've used a throwing fire from
Ronald Jenkees the very talented coming
out with a new CD Ronald Jenkees amazing
one of the best musicians one of the
best creators on YouTube but the answer
you're talking about is swinging London
a song by urban delight really good
stuff but I like to go back to some of
the older stuff every now and then which
you probably know you guys of course you
have any interesting questions about me
other stuff you leave them down below in
the the comments below or video response
honestly more likely to use a video
response of course with it being monday
remember if you haven't already check
out the new philip defranco show a new
like totally own sub you long time and
I'm out oh
which is what college is all about
pathways must have fun there because you
will never have it ever again
