so feels trying to do a test to see how
long he can keep this camera before they
take it away from him he's already been
stopped 12 times so that one more
warning and they are going to take his
camera away these guys
he is excited
what are you you look over here about
this one so the reason that we're we're
gonna San Francisco few things tomorrow
I'm speaking at new TV live which is
very fancy or at least it must be
because the tickets are four hundred
five hundred dollars a piece so sorry
that you're either wasting your money or
skipping my talk and secondly we're
gonna we're gonna go and talk to you
tube yeah gonna fix that processing
issue in the hour and a half
conversation was about to have with them
oh happy days Salem I tweeted out where
should we a bunch of people said pier 39
I've come here before drink some was a
twenty-dollar long island ice teas and
you know it's slammed right now I just I
hope they can fit us is I think every
place is closed except one we're gonna
be that those last people look oh you
mean you close the 10 okay but it's 950
we're we're hanging out checking out the
sea lions tony is just antagonizing them
are you talking yes ok so it's wrong
they make the best noises that's still
Tony it's still jodia good oh that's not
even that's not even a sea line that's a
dog
wha he just said couldn't understand it
actually be honest was that weird
excellent oh it's 540 in the morning I
was just called by a telemarketer and
I'm an idiot and I didn't have my phone
on vibrate so that's exciting I still
have a revenant women number that land
set number East Coast number and they
like to just call from time to time in
the morning say hey were you on for
breakfast also would you like to buy a
car no I'm not gonna buy a car over the
phone that is preposterous and refresh
now one of the reasons I'm okay with um
with waking up this early is because
this is kind of my schedule anyway and
the reason I do this is so that i can
just like i can take advantage of the
day because if I at this point if i wake
up at like 10 or 11 i feel like my days
wasted because I get so much done before
no I get so much done before 10 and so I
like to stick to it like even though
tonight we're gonna go have dinner and
we're gonna have you know some drink
some and then I'm gonna get to meet a
Tim Ferriss the guy that wrote four hour
workweek who I immensely respect and my
girlfriend turned me on to his book and
his blog about 3-4 weeks ago you know
i'm not i'm not gonna do that much
because i want to be able to wake up at
six and not feel like all hell like
right after i add you this I'm gonna go
get some breakfast let that sit in while
while I research stuff for the PDS then
I'm gonna go to the gym come back and
then try and edit before before I am I
do my interview at new TV live we'll see
if that works but um before I do all
that I wanted to uh to finish today's
video or vlog addey or whatever this is
by answering a Buick question you guys
sent some in yesterday um I got an email
the other day from eventful asking to
demand for you to come to my city and so
I was wondering if that means that
you're doing another road trip um if so
thank you / oh yeah um so I'm not I'm
not doing an official road trip or
anything they probably just sent it out
based on that um the road trip if you
followed I did two years ago with uh
with Lindsay we was it two years is like
a year and a half ago where we had a
summer fur and we're like hey
let's drive across the country because
that won't be completely miserable
fucking Texas and you know we drove
around we had I think like seven meats
which were awesome and actually the last
one was in Vancouver I think like 500 no
I don't know I I feel like I'm going to
exaggerate the number and I felt like uh
yeah i think it was like 300 to 500 i'm
gonna say 300 500 that's broad enough
people showed up and it was it was
awesome that vancouver was probably also
one of the prettiest and the people they
were like the nicest except for the guy
that skipped out on the check when we
sat down but uh I if I do have another
u.s. Canadia Mexico road trip I think
that I'm gonna start it right back off
where I left off which was Vancouver
which would mean that we would either
start in Vancouver or we would just
start in Toronto that's just also
because I love Canadians I love easy
nicest people ever they're like angels
with accents that's what they are but I
do you know that brings on travel I
really I kind of want to travel but i
don't i don't know i don't know it's
it's also hard because i have the two
dogs i have the business and then of
course the girlfriend but the
girlfriends the girlfriend on't know if
you follow lindsay i'll put it down in
the description below she um she started
just traveling because she was you know
she's like what am I gonna do and why
don't you figure it out I was like just
travel go places you have the the
opportunity and so she went to England
for like eight days and now she thing on
the seventeenth she's going to Rome and
then she's gonna meet it back up with me
and Florida during under third during
thanksgiving and so that's actually been
really fun to watch i'm not i'm not
actually huge into floggers what I guess
ironically but I actually enjoy watching
those videos cuz she's just she's so
she's so fish out of water and she's
amazed by everything yeah so i kinda i
nevah to do that but i think that'll
happen one the company is in a more
stable place and not not even stable in
a place where it's stable without me
like I could leave for a month and an
all shit when crumble you know that sort
of thing that's also it's one of the
things in temporary this book but we'll
talk about that's later I'm gonna go do
all those things that I said I was gonna
do because I'm not a liar today and
it'll be a long time and I will see you
tomorrow
