I'm not sure how to start this video but
my name is Rebecca I'm 23 from Miami and
I had a question for you
I know that you left for a while and
then you came back and I missed you
throughout that time but my question to
you is where are all the clocks
I really enjoyed those clocks there was
one day I went to Ikea and I saw a wall
full of clocks and I was like oh my god
Philip DeFranco I have to take a picture
of this and I took a picture of it and I
tweeted it and I even added you on it
and all of a sudden you come back and
everything is blue blue YouTube page
blue background no clocks all your old
videos are gone I'm not sure what's
going on but I'm sure you have an answer
do you
you are solution yes the clocks why
don't we have the clocks that they were
the clocks were uh
we're at the house first at first do
they kind of just who picked me crazy I
don't know if it's like an OCD thing or
or what exactly it is but like the time
was off a little bit would like mess
with me while we were looking at the
video I think at the time I was editing
100% it was I don't know but it would
drive me insane and so I got rid of it
thing you need to know about me is I
constantly changed my mind but
everything I love something that I hate
so then and then be sexually attracted
to something that I hated again doubly
so and then I loved it again and that
all happens in the matter of hours for
me long-term stuff is harder it's really
hard especially if I have to constantly
work on it which is why the project was
in also twin which got me started
towards the healthy lifestyle ultimately
was just too hard for me to focus on I
needed smaller smaller goals which was
why project 30 came around
the thing is all those filmed things
here there they come back in some way or
another so eventually there might be
something with clocks out here or a
fascination with the skis chimpanzee
poster got me into his other stuff a
girl that the girls with headphones
kissing love spelled with weapons stuff
like that and I don't know I mean if you
want to jump into it I imagine my
backgrounds are constantly changing
because they're kind of reflecting where
I am at that moment but once again Baloo
doesn't really do you know they say that
much right now this whole room is like
blue white red black have a you know a
white board behind my desk because I
constantly like to change stuff and keep
remind myself stuff so routine point of
the thing is one you are very pretty
late too well the same sort of clock
wall will not come up the most likely
something will whether it's a chimpanzee
puppies chimpanzee puppies chimpanzee
pictures or or the clocks there are
pictures of clocks or something of
course if you want to ask me any
questions whether it's a current project
30 which there are only a few days left
out on with the next one is something
about myself something about your life
something about the world let me know
then send a video response or you know
leave that stuff down in the comments
where it belongs and stuff and things
but uh yeah love it if you haven't seen
any of the others videos today you
should really awesome stuff new black
box TV first episode back after is to be
tidiness so all those links are down
below meeting point though and I love
you guys long time and remember what no
one is behind you
