look at how tired i ah ah hey um so uh
uh so we're doing a few things meeting
trained up David ja I forget if I'm
supposedly phase last night and then
we're going to the AT&T store because my
service has been cut off cuz uh I got in
a new employee card and buy a new credit
card me a new debit card because I
always sit on it and break it so let's
do that but i am i'm thinking of leaving
AT&T if you don't know verizon recently
got the the ipad so there's now a
verizon ipad and they actually have this
new plan where this ho zones looking at
it's not verizon has this new new plan
where it's like unlimited data and
unlimited calls for a like and like I
think on the way to text you for eighty
dollars which if you don't have a
smartphone you're like 80 fucking
dollars are you insane but I pay 100
something dollars every every month not
a fan of it not a band I'm just
immediate cuz I'm super cheap I just
don't like spending that much money on
my phone cuz I don't like talking to
people anyway so it's like I know it's
like paying to be constantly I know it
yeah that's what it is so I don't think
I'm gonna do is I think I'm going to uh
anyone have two phones I'm gonna have
this phone as a business phone and I'm
gonna put it on a airplane mode and
actually just not take calls except for
like two hours a day which I was reading
in this book it's like it you get so
much more done if you're like okay from
this time to this time I will be I will
be you know calling people and accepting
calls mainly just calling out for people
that I've been trying to contact me and
then from this hour to this hour I'm
going to answer emails but that's the
only time I'm going to do it because you
know
a this are this is this is really
pointless like eighty percent of you but
if you constantly check your email I
lose so much of my day with just
bullshit email so if I just focus myself
at like one specific time it's beautiful
its beauty full so I think that's what I
do and then I'll have a personal line
that uh that'll be like I use it in case
of an emergency which will essentially
just be my dad and my girlfriend and my
mom calling me twenty-four/seven so
there will be that line I think that's
what I want to do I was just like you
know what I hate spending money so I
should spend double the money ah stupid
I hate that the only problem is I'm
supposed to meet them but my phone
doesn't work so I don't know if we have
a definite place that we're meeting of
an outside so I'll go and wait I'm
stupid yeah ah so it's uh it's ten
twenty I waited 20 minutes and I guess
we either missed each other or it's
probably my fault my phone right now
like I said it's dead doesn't have
signal II probably want to verify and he
thought Oh Phil it's a sunday he's out
banging 20 asian chicks like a philip
defranco do we don't need to get some we
don't even get chicken we don't need to
phone that so so I'll reschedule it it
is ultimately my fault even though it
was this downfall of starbucks ladies
and gentlemen baristas or whatever the
fuck they are called slowly breaking my
credit card cuz I don't know they're
very angry debit cards and they they
slight a lady actually I think I told I
don't know if I told you this she swiped
it so hard after another lady bent it
back and forth because it was it was
slightly bent and fucking broke my card
and then wells fargo a bank that I work
with I was like no we're not going to
cancel your card until you get it ya
mind do you and canceled my card so that
was fun they were like you should really
have access to your money for seven days
and so after all that all the services
that were connected to the card having
two reconnected to the new card which
already has
a bend in it I don't know main point my
phone wasn't on probably 12 verify so
let's go fix our phone and go on through
our day don't you hate that when stuff
stuff just fucking dominos man man oh
man hey puppies hey and were activated a
funny story I think I was in there an
hour and a half nap but not the funny
part one of the guys was helping me it
was like hey I realized how funny you
were until after I was all I hey don't
film me is that he was a mercy the blog
for he was like the dude that was like
super aggro he's just don't two hundred
camera on me oh my god and then
apparently he watched show liked it new
member of the nation and it's always
good but he doesn't want to hurt me and
I enjoy it
he gave me a look for a second or he was
checking me out I wouldn't blame him
without sex of my hair is right now
not one bit
yeah set up the phone we're good only
had to pay four hundred dollars change
in services I mean quick stop at the the
mailbox which is where you guys send
stuff I couldn't get any of any of the
packages because it is sunday they're
not they're not open but I can get the
rest of the mail and this is how you
write a letter if you gotta write a
letter you might as well do it like this
that is awesome that's how you do it I
think so at least or at least or at
least this that's how you have to write
something on the back it's just the cool
thing to do no I'm gonna let you in not
after your people did what they did to
my people ah i will take and make an
example of what of you not you this one
because he lets me hold him down easier
ah tell me where you want me to touch
you right there ok i will touch you like
i will switch hands so i can rub you
correctly wait no lets me work my magic
does that feel good my butt hurts really
bad Oh
Oh God so buddy your giant has no yeah
come on whenever something about look
into turn
