it's really interesting to me I am right
now I'm talking to the the iphone camera
the other side with the bad camera so
that I can see myself as a talk and and
I'm keeping it vertical and I know it's
thing I know it's gonna look shitty that
way on YouTube but I'm gonna put it I'm
gonna put a link down the end of this
video and you can uh you can check out
what it looks like on the website
because I kind of I'm kind of interested
in this and what the embeddable player
looks like when it's when like a
portrait like I've always loved it's
it's a very weird thing to know I've
always loved like going when I went to
bestbuy they always have those those tvs
that they turn on their side and you
know it's always like the portrait thing
and i really i like that i don't know
it's it's a lot more interesting I feel
like for a conversation because is that
that facetime view it's not 21 x 9 16 by
9 4 by 3 it's whatever this is this is
probably i'm gonna guess 18 by what no
that's wrong i don't know what it is but
uh yeah and it's like it just you saying
but Phil what have you been up to other
than not leaving in the morning and
going out with crazy hair that's why I
have the hoodie undersea no it's not I'm
not look this is gonna be my new look
like uh oh is it beanies right I was
beanies recently everyone got I was like
but stuff has been going good um I'm
doing this while I'm walking cuz i just
gotta some starbucks it's my one that's
my one my one bad thing that i allow
myself right now either just like coffee
with no milk and some truvia or just
some like Earl Grey tea something like
that something with a little little
caffeine or a lot of caffeine give me a
cape on the day but um yeah other than
that I mean I started alright upped the
sessions with a trainer to three times a
week trying to do you know work out four
to five times a week so one to two times
without the trainer um who's really cool
I'm actually gonna meet him today at
like ten and
he's gonna help me a shop for food so
that i can make sure that uh I'm not I'm
not screwing up my progress by getting
you know foods that I think are healthy
you know how like um you know you eat a
Laura bar but you know it's it's there
for like emergencies but then you eat a
bunch of lower bars and you think it's
healthy but it's really not that's or
thing but they trick you because you're
stupid you're very stupid I'm very
stupid and so yeah everything's been
going well and I've kind of I've kind of
actually plot plateaued plateau it's not
the right word cuz I'm add a like 228
like i fluctuate between between like to
27 to 29 but my my body while while it's
around the same way like oh my god so
much that guy was staring at me let's go
until the let's go to the beach mm-hmm
mm-hmm
that's why I keep doing stuff not um not
spacious not not bad guy but um just
doing something new you know trying
different stuff sometimes me more stuff
sometimes older stuff yesterday I tried
I tried something going back to I like a
photoblog instead of making a vlog it
yesterday I just I just posted pictures
on the website and you know told the
story of my day essentially a vlog but
just that one thing and I definitely
check it out it's actually it's kind of
cool plus yesterday was really fun we
got to uh to hang out and shoot Olga who
you might know my nonno and there's good
stuff let's see what I look like with
the the nicer camera I probably look
like shit yeah yeah that's another
random factoid you don't even need to
know the reason I don't shoot with the
other higher quality camera or a video
camera on this is for some reason with
the iphone when you're shooting with a
nice camera and you're using it for
pictures it takes you know a bigger
picture it's actually using a gessica
maybe even yeah i think it's using look
the wide-angle lens but when you switch
to video it zooms in and you can and you
can't zoom it back out and you know it's
it's a little inconvenient especially
for a blogger who asks you like hold it
somewhere here obviously they weren't
like people are going to videotape
themselves like they've been doing for
the past four years why would they do
that Oh a know they'll they'll be fine
with their 640 by 480 BGA camera oh
that's awesome just attacked by a flock
of seagulls first the band and then
actual seagulls man there's no one out
here I am yeah if you know if I'm like
I'm like if you know me three people
know me yeah the past two months i wake
up at five like every morning it's
partially because you know I uh I go to
sleep early so I wake up early and I can
knock out the show like before nine I
know I've talked about this before but
uh
yeah so you um you kind of get used to a
world without that many people which is
kind of nice in LA because there are so
many fucking people and I like it I
don't know there's really no point to
this i'll call this face time with Phil
oh I love it ah stupid but uh yeah just
some of the stuff going on I'm gonna
finish project 30-strong next project 30
is probably going to be actually writing
the book that a bunch of you guys uh
read the first three paragraphs and
right now it's about 30 pages yeah I've
always got confused I'm like it what
font and what setting does it still
count as a page can I quadruple spacek
teacher I don't know but uh yeah a lot
of a lot of fun stuff and yeah yeah yeah
i mean i mean the positive cycle of my
life right now which is good in a week
though i'll be crumbling down starting
next week i have to uh not have to i
start a doing the the holiday travel
stuff starting with um going to San
Francisco because I'm doing an interview
or I guess interview in front of a live
audience sort of thing for new TV live
and gonna meet or hang out some San
Francisco people come back for two days
go see my my dad in Florida for like
seven to ten days what else what else
there's a bunch other stuff then there's
Christmas oh my birthday huh I want to
be 25 December first ah few of you want
to send me a present to my p.o box send
me money for a gun to shoot myself in my
old space now 25 is not old most of
people we deal with I feel like a baby
but uh I don't know actually anyone i'm
gonna turn 25 and thanks to laugh last
month my life and the support of a bunch
of you guys with what I've been trying
to do I feel I probably feel the bed
that I felt in a very very long time I
know it's good stuff all right I'm gonna
go uh go play in the ocean and then
regret it because my clothes gonna be
all wet and salty all right love you
guys
