hello interwebs wow I haven't posted a
video on the vlog in a while which I did
warn you I did I warned you so only be a
little angry don't be angry I love you
so a quick update on a project 30 i am
now i am now at 226 so we're good we're
at 110 pounds for it well lighting
change holy shit oompah loop i just got
home but loompa five can we fix it can
we fix it no oh well once fixodent post
so um I don't really do interviews that
often because I will basically I don't
do text interviews because I don't know
because you can you get my personality I
guess is some somewhat weird some
somewhat self-deprecating sarcastic /
sometimes super blunt and so I know I
could be hard to understand sometimes
but I did I recently did the satus
interview with a new TV calm and on they
asked me five questions and I want to go
through the questions answer them in
video form and maybe elaborate so first
question oh and real fast the reason I'm
doing I did this interview in the first
place because like i said i don't
usually do them is i'm doing their new
TV live event which I guess someone
gonna go up there and I know we're gonna
do a live interview in front of people
that don't care who I am I don't know
but let's see unless you buy a ticket
then you might care but I let's see
what's the one big issue / Los /
attitude / restriction that you think is
holding back the industry the industry
being online video online entertainment
my answer and i will read this because
apparently I I think I wrote this
holding back the industry nothing if it
doesn't work it's because you aren't
trying hard enough or you don't know the
right people we have the least
restrictions of any medium so to say
something is holding us back is really
just an excuse many people say funding
holds us back those people won't give us
money but I I started everything with a
with a 30-dollar webcam so I mean people
saying that it's it's too hard that's
usually just people coming from a failed
movie
like a failed script or a failed TV idea
and they come to the web and they're
like it only cost a million dollars it
only cost two hundred thousand dollars
and people make these two hundred
thousand dollar things and they don't
either they either don't get the views
or they don't they don't make money or
it is they just fail but the thing is
like if I say I fucking hate blabbity
blah insert something no one can no one
can stop me maybe a portal will say my
video is not suitable for a blondie blah
but I can put up whatever I want and
that's I mean that's one of the reasons
that I mean that some of the stuff can
exist like you say funding is a problem
I start with a thirty-dollar webcam Tony
who launched blackboxtv makes sure that
each each video he puts puts up that
gets like three hundred five hundred
thousand views does not cost more than
five hundred dollars because right now
that you know they're there isn't a ton
of money but it shouldn't hold you back
let it be the thing that that helps the
creative be creative and so that's
that's what I was saying with that so
number two what industry buzz word do
you never want to hear again there's a
lot but you know the one that bothered
me for a while was viral because because
I was like oh it sounds like a disease
but I don't know I can't think of a word
that describes a video becoming popular
and spreading better than viral but my I
said transmedia it just sounds weird
most people using it or talking about in
a hypothetical sense and there are years
away from actually doing transmedia of
course is like a philip defranco show it
was online but then all of a sudden I
had like a TV show or a talk show on TV
and so I was there on two different
mediums and they're interacting and I'm
not saying that that's happening anytime
soon but next question let's see if
someone gave you 50 million dollars to
invest in the company in this space
which one would it be and then the
stipulation was mentioning your own
doesn't count now the reason we had to
do this is I believe if i remember
correctly they asked a few youtubers
this and they're always like i would
invest in my company because it's the
best company and so since i couldn't
invest in the best company in
and in my field I said that's a hard one
for me I'd probably invest the money in
tools i already use whether it's like
like blippy calm dailybooth calm just
pretty much anything else i use because
if i enjoy something i usually want to
want to use it in some way with my
audience so it's not like a I wasn't
like I'm gonna use this and then
everyone would like it but you know if I
enjoy something and I want to do
something with my audience then all of a
sudden there's this big rush of traffic
to it it's I mean people have compared
it to multiple times what like a big
thing especially now a dig push is
pretty weakness but so it's weird it's
like it's word of mouth marketing to an
extreme level and yeah i'd say like
companies like that but that except i
don't have 50 million dollars and i've
yet to invest in any company other than
my own because I got to build one thing
at a time so yeah so that's once again
could come off super cocky I'm making
popular dirt that it's not what I'm
trying to say but it's really hard to
talk about it for what was the last
video that you weren't personally
involved with that you liked enough to
spread to others now it's probably the
stuff from recklesstortuga they have a I
don't know if it's them or one that one
dude or I don't know but those guys are
so funny recklesstortuga the the gaming
series that they have right now they
just did one they're doing one on black
ops right now guys are awesome I have
nothing to do with them and they make me
laugh mostly other people I'm just like
no no stop it stop it not that I hate
everyone on YouTube and then the fifth
question over the last few years you've
evolved your brand online from the
typical youtube channel to a thriving
production company behind projects like
like totally awesome and cute win fail
what inspired you to push beyond
traditional vlog style commentary and
what have you found to be the team
keeping all your different projects
sustainable and has a long question so
my answer in written form is if there's
any one truth industry is that if you
are not growing
you are dying that that's just that's
not a like I'm hoping they quote me
because that is that just a fact that's
something people know in their industry
I mean that in doer shift production
value properties and revenues I realized
after i started LTA that I could only
stretch myself so far I mean I had a you
know 400,000 subscribers on that channel
but I also had two other channels that
were far more popular at the time and at
that time i was making 12 plus videos a
week and that it just it's not
sustainable for for one person because
if you get into making videos that's
when most people realize how hard it can
be especially maintaining a heavy
schedule because a lot of people like
how hard could it be and then again I
get a lot of emails from people like
apologizing which is there's no reason
to apologize you know I guess it's one
of those the grasses brainer sort of
things but they're like I started trying
to do the show it's it's such a time
sink I mean I'm I'm at the office
probably 12 hours a day six days a week
that's when I try and like rip myself
and homie tony is here like 24 so I
think Tony lives here at this point but
um you know it's a lot of work and so at
first with LTA I put on a ton of people
and then I was like what the fuck am I
this is you know it's called if I'm just
losing money and so you take people off
and it's you know everything's
everything's a learning process and what
were what we're doing and what we're
trying to do with it so oh and as far as
why the different formats I just I mean
like Momo CEO tubers I feel like I just
have like entertainment ADHD I need
stuff to constantly change plus I mean
certain people just aren't I don't know
just aren't interesting or certain
formats some some people are good as a
talking head some people are good
standing up some people are good sketch
wise some did some people are good at
writing so I mean it's it's all here and
there but let's see but if there is any
one thing that keeps me bigger news
shows giving channels are start and
producing good content it is that I love
cool things
and want to share them with people and I
will continue to bust my ass to do so
yeah so I mean thing is oh no I guess if
there's anything stop making excuses and
keep trying obviously everyone can't
achieve the same level of success but
you can always achieve certain success I
mean here's the the thing is I do well
for myself because I've been doing it
for a very long time I'm very lucky to
be in the position that I'm in and I
like to I like to help make new stuff
and if I can't if I'm not there abeler
I'm not able to create it i want to help
promote it one thing at a time I'm
trying to think I'm trying to fake oh I
hate I hate you know what's so bad is
I've been talking to the camera so long
not not specifically in this video even
though I know it's like nine minutes
right now because i'm not going to edit
this but it's i probably hate myself my
voice i hate myself so much which is
constantly talking while no one's in the
room and like editing myself and the
main thing if you get anything out of
this is keep keep on hustling really i
mean it's not it's not just making good
content it's not just networking and I
mean I know lots of people that know all
the youtubers and if they had a good
thing they could be super successful but
they're not so there they just go with
the networking part or if they're just
like really good at making good content
but they didn't get the networking down
yeah so stop stop making excuses see
what's out there see if there's a void
of anything see if there's any way that
you could provide something better than
what's already out there and just uh I
don't keep keep the treba live but yeah
so if you meant through this video
congratulations you win a cookie this
cookie is not redeemed will have any
place yeah okay I'm gonna go I need I
need to go get sleep or
sex my girlfriend three-year anniversary
today let's wait that's crazy I think I
even said it in today's PDS I don't
think I've even had a friend for longer
than three years a long time no
interesting anyway love you guys long
time for those of you losing weight with
me on Project 30 keep it up for the rest
of you eat a donut or try and accomplish
something new today or pronounce words
correctly
