we got stuff for you Tom yes bill
there's all this damn mail gotta do some
math that's what this is yeah oh yeah
what'd you think it was new clothes
maybe Randy sent me some shit there was
some common sense for you there's a lot
of common sense
tell me something this is from here we
go Phil inseam you may not have one show
of the year the streamys thanks for
reminding me
but you always be show of the year in my
eyes yes cheesy yes but I'm sending a
fucking trophy in the mail enjoy your
award love Lauren from the UK oh my star
trophy
oh I think oh you actually oh you put it
together what City trophy I could tell
you very experience of putting things
together to fill it was a plaque so some
I'm not gonna screw it in all the way
Oh it literally is the dear Phil on the
team did it hey can you put this on
Amanda's desk since she was the one that
convinced me to okay yeah let's go it's
okay for you since we lost the stream
it's not broken it just needs to be
screwed in better another one we got a
little something some what's this thing
that I'm not expecting I kinda already
open it for you Phil it's this right
here Parker yeah what what is that are
you trying to tell me this whole video
has been brought to you by Warby Parker
calm / Billy Dee yes also is that the
link where people can join me in trying
Warby Parker's free home try on program
yeah joking aside I am as you might be
able to tell from you can you see the
bags I don't think I'm where
oh fuck you and I have a new baby which
was brought on more tired eyes to help
with that I want to wear my glasses more
and more but I need frames in the busy
oh I'm too tight I'm too busy too tired
and busy to get frames you got to
breastfeed the baby you have time to go
get the frames I don't have time to get
the frame Sears do they send you up to
five pairs of glasses that you get to
try on for free for five days there's no
obligation to buy shipping's free
there's a prepaid shipping label to send
it back prescription glasses start at
$95 I'm talking frames lenses anti glare
anti scratch and it's kind of a cool
thing for every pair that you buy Warby
Parker then gives a pair to someone in
need so you know you sound like the
spokesperson for them I'm not only the
CEO of Warby Parker I'm not the CEO of
work bug but I have a customer well I
think you can try though I think you
should try on a couple pair let the
people decide which is the sexiest pin
police don't worry I have a prepaid
return shipping label we're okay so on
Twitter yeah yeah so yeah trying out
three different pair will style them out
well we'll put a little poll on Twitter
I'm gonna this is not like anything else
I've ever worn before and let's say hey
you go maybe let me see that maybe you
look like a scientist so you look like a
doctor that I trust do you think that
scientists and doctors are all like the
same person
okay the same they're the same post Wow
like you know I can already tell you
this is a no I don't think I feel like
it's gonna be a yes this feels like I
was a last-second replacement for
someone that I couldn't make it on set
oh wow that's pretty good all right how
about this I feel like it feels nicer
than it looks
looks nice I like this wait I shouldn't
say that I don't want to swim looks like
you're ready to read a book I'm gonna
move for a book so if you want to vote
link to that down below also if you want
to start your free trials at a Warby
Parker comm slash Billy Dee oh yeah all
right okay this is the the introspective
ll see that there's a whale thank you
is there a note
you know for that one i can assume who
it's for though Oh Briana right yes
meets will oh my god that's a big bitch
this is from Amazon Fulfillment are our
most favorite contributors to the show
hi Phillip looks like Joe could use some
pants hope they fit from Christopher
look at those pants well he's gonna be
too big for you oh no every pants are
too big no but I mean like lately of
this week in what way did you think Joe
is six five what size is it large I'm
gonna have to get him hemmed yeah we
should bring him in for some stupid shit
I have this sweater vest I need you to
put sleeves on you can do it Randy Oh
Queen okay this is room a person hi Zach
I love watching you in the blog thought
I'd say hi I want to point out Zach has
gotten his dog what I do love Zach gets
the thing that he wants Rihanna gets the
thing she fears most in this world I say
the name of the person John I'm not
saying it but that's jhn this is from
the green group a hundred glowing
bracelets
why why why not Joe hello this is
something to induce more excitement and
Joe for the videos or just something
silly for anyone either way you guys are
awesome I love the show as well so like
half expecting so many where's Tyler
blowing bracelet day Phil oh my god
let's keep the light let's see it oh
yeah I see it I see it well don't wear
always wanting to drink this though
seems like a bad idea the ball pit that
we're gonna do I just point out these
are from Germany someone decided to send
his balls from Germany oh I'm trying to
catch it while looking at the screen if
I was your father I'd be so disappointed
this is from a Gianni Canady I know that
I Wow as it comes out I'm like that's
not right what I said is so cool really
you didn't include a note oh wait wait
there is a note Oh Kennel Club
it was camouflage my name is Matt
Tiananmen sorry I'm part of a small
group of activists with a passion for
business ethics and consumer rights our
mutual passion has led us to create the
website called super gamers org our site
allows users to publish digital
petitions detailing problems within the
industry and if you're interested in
finding out more I recommend you go
check them out also thank you this is
amazing there's nothing in here about
this schools is from Dahle market you
ask any showers oh my god oh we told him
not to send it but they sent it how many
are in there 24 24 the Christmas miracle
watch oh my god they're big they're huge
thank you for the food that I've been
trying to not eat thank you this is for
Joe nation to who is heavy oh shit
ripped wigs for all years I think you
underestimate how fast everyone he's
shitting this elephant mister this feels
weird
this is from the super Zee outlet
trailmix
mini assorted garden each stone rock
pebbles aquarium collection hey Christy
now enjoy enjoy your penguin you know
your penguin gonna have a nest enjoy Oh
more rocks for her penguin
this is to Phil and Joe so they got a
skills and Stuart starter pack and twigs
and it's Halloween Phil so let's just go
around the office and throw twigs at
people's faces
all right to Joe nation my local store
did not have king-size Twix so how did
this
into a giant box instead this should
last you a while from Jess and Jamie
I've gone to the snow dogs and snow dogs
logs yeah yeah the box candies for you
you should probably share it is you are
such a nice cup I was running to you at
VidCon next year just in Jamie move it
up nice beat
oh man this is from it's a nice guy
there's okay there's a note I was like
you can't just send me a copy of Moby
Dick looking up you know I Briana I feel
you can relate to the main character of
this story so I give to do the book I
wanna give that to her we got no really
call me Ishmael kill a bitch note is
cute that's fine
there's the only way my voice is so
fucked right now though you know Zak go
has something for you that's we're gonna
call that one Kenan I'm gonna have a
whole horde of dogs until I run out of
pasta names oh you never surprising
number oh it's also not for me it's
remember the nation oh thank you very
much that was fun
various way underwhelming
