papi this is Jerry stubborn deucer barn
and on day seven without my camera 230
even
I wish I knew where the hell the the the
mic was or the mics were on this camera
cuz I can never tell and I keep
accidentally covering one of them anyway
so on this day seven this good day where
we've lost six pounds in a week so far
which is really really good stuff I want
to take you through how I stay sane in
the morning I know that the the first
video we did for project 30 or this this
project 30 I was on my whiteboard and
everyone's like what the fuck is he
wouldn't you do it with a whiteboard you
look like a math teacher but this
whiteboard saves my life lists saved my
life it's the only way I can you know I
mean I have like my iCal set up
everyone's is but at the end of the day
I need to look at what I'm gonna do not
on a computer because I don't know I
don't why I need something that can
actually like physically it so I'm like
today let's see we uh we have a PDS that
always has to be the first thing that
needs always be done before 10:30 we're
meeting the skyline people I'm gonna
knock down this vlog look over some
contracts and then of course the 11:00
p.m. live show which I don't think I've
mentioned on the vlog but tonight 11
p.m. Pacific time what BMS BMS is a it
has its season premiere and they're
given a sponge of stuff to give away
including a grand prize for my show
which is I think two thousand dollars so
if you want to possibly win two thousand
dollars come to the live show
information down below but I need to
always write it oh wait there's I never
I never erased anything that's down here
because I never write down here but I'm
really quick thank you - I just steamed
for saying I'm sexy but my girlfriend is
sexier and then these are all Lindsay's
I really liked Lindsay's ninja drawings
those are cool Hanna this I like this I
think I think if you uh if you showed
that to a therapist they'd be like and
she's your girlfriend's who's in close
proximity to you and she she hasn't
killed you
no no yeah oh yeah I just thought I'd
show you that that's um something I do
in the morning it's the only way I get
anything done in the day ever we are
going to hydraulics so we going it's so
rainy show some stuff meet with that
because we were thinking about doing
some fun stuff with them so we just
wanted to meet them
everything I will move totally not wait
so what is this what is this a John what
this is this is obviously this is you
cutting your vlog okay right right over
there right and this is good first panel
like the second panel is going to be
maybe you face-palming
or possibly you doing something else
where you destroy your computer because
nothing interesting has happened
so it's advanced what am i doing what
not like I'm also skinny but I'm not
good for that come on you fired
you are fired just like I do the laptop
I was like man that laptop is shit like
it is so like actually went down here to
like draw an apple honey button so no
baby wouldn't be like why don't you have
to wait for this and then Tetris Maddy
what was that exercise you're gonna show
me I wasn't gonna show it may show
memory management ah show me never do it
show oh my god
so main point of this video is I'm
having a live show 11 p.m. Pacific and
we're down six pounds energy is up
momentarily I'm going to go to sleep
before the live show and yet so I'll see
you there I'm gonna stand on chairs
Tony's gonna sneeze in the other room
and then the bitches are gonna come
around
asterisk possibly no bitches and by
possibly I mean 100% no bitches no grab
upgrades
