so you got a higher I know how I feel
cameras to hear this fall
let's get betha Jabbar new vegas must go
but i mean as far as today goes Elin
pretty awesome except that a tire
obviously since Lindsay's left I know
it's been it's been harder for me to
sleep last night I had this weird weird
dream but that was that was mainly from
watching a criminal minds for like four
hours before I went to bed I killed
someone with a pencil in my dream just
so we don't we don't edit that and then
I go to jail for admitting to a crime
that did not commit are you home alone
were you home alone anybody oh oh
there's my two two puppies Malcolm come
here oh you guys are all home alone yeah
yeah so a back home the main thing going
on right now in my brain box is that I
need to clean lindsay has been gone
that's not even mine that's just
Lindsay's I haven't cleaned anything and
so one of the and I don't actually have
a problem with with doing these these
chores around the house actually I'm
doing chores around the house and and
like making my bed cleaning up doing
stuff actually makes me feel better like
once once i have the house cleaned I
don't know it's just aa things are in
order and things can be good now it's
it's you know it's hard for me to uh to
masturbate pictures of clowns I don't
know where I was going with that but uh
it's clean so one of the biggest bitches
of the whole situation was this laying
on your forearms and trying to stay up
after Oh after stop it after you did all
your exercises so today yeah my trainer
David showed me all the exercise and
machines that he wants me to do when I'm
not with them and we did this because
today was my fitness test
and so we took all my measurements oh my
oh my good you know my arms everything
and everything no not everything and and
we did we ran fitness tests on all these
machines just to see where I'm at and
where we so we can test it essentially
every month and to see the small changes
so it's not just like this is my goal
for the next three months because
apparently when people try and better
themselves they do it for like three
months and so you know because a lot of
what we try and do is a motion base like
most of the good stuff in my life is
literally because I was desperate or I
was angry all the good stuff I ever ever
in my life it is essentially from being
an angry person and for me a lot of the
stuff has been trying to be all about
the good stuff you know like I like I'm
wanting to change my life a little
because of all the naysayers you know
people say you can't do it you're like
fuck you yes I can and you know that
that helps a lot but at the end of the
day everything can't be because of
something negative it has to also be you
know what I want to I want to be in
better shape and it makes me feel good
and I know that while I'm doing this
it's worth it and it's I'm trying I'm
trying to have I'm trying to mature
essentially and yeah you know thanks
Steph words whatever the main thing I
want to stress today is something that I
am I am trying to learn myself
everything doesn't have to be because
people picked on you or blah Blee blah
it's also because you love yourself love
yourself it's a hard thing I still don't
love myself I constantly feel like my
success I mean it's half the reason I
work as fucking ridiculously hard as I
do on my business stuff it's because I
don't know I
you know when I look at it I don't feel
like I deserve a lot of the good things
in my life I'm not I'm not the best
person you know I feel like I don't know
people that like teachers should be paid
more I don't know I just it's this weird
self guilt if you actually if you uh if
you by bo burnham's new CD which is out
now what did I say that like I was
sponsored I'm not he has this song
called art is dead and it it fucking it
just it hits me exactly where my mind is
because there's this weird feeling of
guilt and I know that I have to get past
it because I work hard for for all of my
successes and I work hard to avoid
failures or limit those failures so I
guess main thing if you get anything if
you if you want to chew through the
Gobstopper and get straight to the
chalky disgusting center is love
yourself because you're you deserve it
even if other people don't see it yeah
all right love you guys long time I'm
gonna go Bart Oh
