another day I just came from breakfast
with my ol what I'm little ooh fancy hi
I'm having a walk around like I'm a
little crippled today no yes it's me i'm
walking around funny because i have to
poop no because i'm so sore oh I may
have to poop as well
64 I am it's how you do it bizarre this
for all my homies they're starving
children with no neuro Mama's leaving us
what are you thinking about that what do
you think he's a don't care it's all
good whatever sup baby hi very
impressive yeah was it I have everything
in weight I've everything in carry-on
luggage ya mean it it's bursting the
seams mama why you have to leave me with
Daddy he doesn't even love us he's gonna
leave us in the streets i scratch my ear
because it's true you ruin my song
pretty good oh yeah Oh mmm that's good
angle so I just dropped Lindsay off at
the the airport she's going to London
for seven days okay I'm just really
excited for it's something it's like I
know it's it's in it's an adventure for
seven days and i saw the comments and i
thought id address this real fast Phil
did you guys break up no I just uh I
don't need to put her in every single
video I mean this oh I don't know how to
explain it other than that I love
Lindsay more than anything except
no what was I gonna say yeah so she's
gonna do that she's been wanting to do
like a travel vlog / just travel in
general she's always talked about it so
I just do it you know you have the
opportunity now do it like same same
thing with what I'm trying to do with a
different code studios you know we have
this opportunity that we may not get
again so let's do it let's have fun
let's try new things let's lose weight
you know let's take the chance while you
can because internet people youtube
people we're not complicated we're not
special where everyone where where Joe
blows you know and we just we have a
little little sliver of of spotlight so
he was your chances it's like that
Eminem song that didn't involve killing
and raping his wife the one about uh
Shiva new dreams and not bashing homos
whatever whatever that one was but I did
stir up the pot a little over the
weekends with the sweet that I put out
was when people complain about anything
in life just remember that the world is
filled with see students and a lot of
people I feel like a lot of people were
offended because they're see students
but a lot of people also felt like it
was this elitist comic this academic
grades don't mean anything what I mean I
mean I I dropped out of college you know
Oh bombshell I dropped out of college to
do this YouTube thing and I that last
year was it doing well I probably would
have flunked out of organic chemistry
but um what I mean is see students in
life you know the people that can but
don't i'm not talking about the people
that bust their ass and they get a seat
you busted your ass maybe you're not a
good test taker whatever the situation
is but when you have ass your way to
mediocrity I I can't respect that at all
at all at all at all that kind of goes
back to yesterday when you guys were
like Phil don't let the trolls troll you
it's not that I'm talking about
I mean trolls trolling me they're like
fuck you faggot i'm gonna fuck your mom
and like okay trolls gonna troll but
when someone saying something that I
already agree with you know that I
failed on the weight loss or I've done
something then I go no that's that's a
legitimate thing if you're if you're
gonna say it in a cunt way i'll block
you especially on the blog anyway
something i wanted to share with you
guys because you guys apparently liked
it on facebook and twitter if you do
follow me then you know that I am I see
I feel like such a joke I am actually I
started writing a book all these
publishers had come to me and I was like
why would I do that and then I realized
I like I sat down and I wrote for like
two hours straight and I was like wow my
life has been so weird for the past five
years and it's almost it's almost
therapeutic writing this thing and I put
up a the first three paragraphs I'm not
a writer so keep in mind grammatical
stuff not gonna be the best thing but if
you want to check it out you can i'll
put the link down below and i love i
love no you can leave comment there a
comment here I'd love know what you
think about it what what you're most
interested about from from this this
whole thing I know I sorry I feel so
silly because everyone that comes to
la's look I'm gonna be a star like okay
why what is your main goal to be Fame I
don't know like I want it I feel like
with all the books out there that are
like telling people this is how you get
big on YouTube and all those people have
like two thousand subscribers and like
really really i said yeah i just i'd
like to know what you think I'm gonna
I'm gonna go inside I'm gonna stretch
out and maybe go for a jog remembers d7
we're gonna we're gonna do a weigh-in
and we're gonna see how far I've gotten
man
yeah oh but I love you guys I really do
and I Allah I'll see you in another
video somewhere so you and stuff
