fight fight fight fight fight fight
fight why don't you fight keep fighting
I see what you have to eat I'm not so
I'm back home and I thought I would
quickly do something that I haven't done
in a while and that is a view and that's
up and this is from T Y which is very
confusing because it says Shannon and
Sheryl on the letter but it says I was
watching your Friday video and I heard
you say that you had always wanted to be
important to someone else and I'm sure
you've already gotten lots of letters
saying the same thing but I wanted to
say that you're important to me
then it goes on to say how important no
no it doesn't it's just a very nice
letter thank you thank you for that um
this actually kind of makes me think of
the first video that I made for project
30 and there are a lot of supportive
comments and and there were a lot of not
so supportive comments because you know
and and and it bothered me at first and
then I was like what the fuck why are
people being negative and I realized
because you know I haven't given people
a reason to to just be positive about me
you know I've failed and I haven't
failed them I failed myself and I
realized peoples not people's respect
but people's support I haven't at least
on this end I have I think and then on
the news and the babi plan but as far as
this I haven't I haven't earned anything
and so what I'm gonna what I'm doing now
is I'm trying to figure out what works
for me so that I can I can get that I
don't I don't need it but I want it
because because it really is an
indicator of what I am doing or what I'm
not doing and I don't want to be like
you know a lot of those people online
let's say they're going to do one thing
and then they drop off or they face
and and I don't consider a project lose
an Olsen twin a complete fail because I
lost 10 pounds and I'm like okay well
that's good and people better themselves
but as far as finishing a project that's
why that's why I start a project 30 so
thank you very much for your support and
to those that don't necessarily support
me I learn it yeah and none of them did
those little cards and then I am but by
that time it was 2 o'clock and I
realized that I could get the same card
at any like triple a place right so I
called it triple a place and they closed
it - I'm just I'm so sure so it's ok
like like know where money can be put on
that travel card you're gonna take a
right here alright yeah oh my god but
I'm like it's taking everything my body
is not cry Oh like everything will be ok
I know and then so but then when I got
home I was like well can you just
transfer this money online
and it would take like a few business
days so I think the cash things probably
yeah I'll be good yeah that's a good
yeah more that is that is that the truth
I hate you
portion control oMG like all that of
course is thanks to me I know of course
some state so what is a what's that
exercise called this is the buck master
yeah we came up with at home we came up
with the buck laughter at home we go to
fuck let's hit the police
no we stuff just all right now because
it's like good for your core no do it do
some more exercise please I'm trying to
lose weight right now I need
instructions so like I said in the
previous video I was I was gonna meet my
personal trainer I did his name is uh
David I don't know if I should use his
last name yet and he was awesome he was
super like I've never actually worked
out as hard than when I was with a
personal trainer I it was it was just
amazing and like I was I knew that I was
doing everything properly and I was more
motivated because of it and like I said
it's not it's not like a rich people
thing if you sign up to a gym they
usually have packages so I definitely
recommend that and it was funny I got
into this this weird religious
conversation with uh with my personal
trainer and I don't know it started and
so like like from a your body is a
temple thing and then it went to a
conspiracy theory about you know it's
easier to push around people that don't
eat healthy don't take care of
themselves and and you know it's their
brains don't function as well and pretty
pretty much just how being healthy is
like the best thing for you not even in
a physical way but in a mental way and
then a future I don't know and then we
talk about divine destiny and I don't
know it was it was really interesting
but through this conversation I realized
that that and it was my response off
hand and it was just I don't necessarily
believe in the god or in destiny or blah
blah but I understand why people do and
all I know is that some things happen
and some things don't happen and I'd
like that to have a purpose and a reason
I got a grand scheme of things but I
don't need it to the main thing I need
to focus on is me and the main thing you
need to focus on is you so that's that's
why I got out of it and they think
that's gonna end this one on I'm gonna
keep keep on keeping on thank you for
those that support me and to those that
know I will earn it or not but will
