hey guys so I'm in my office at the new
studio in front of my lovely whiteboard
wall hope Evans very dirty because I
just cleared all rights and stuff and if
you saw my mama d via the bed iphone
migraine yesterday you know that today
is the start of the new 30 day project
not project lose an Olsen twin it's not
anything it is a 30 day project and so
this 30-day project is to try and lose
15 to 20 pounds in a month and I know
I'm gonna be able to go that's not good
Phil don't do that it's gonna be bad for
you Shh right now my BMI is in a very
bad place I'm not overweight I'm just
above overweight so it's that's pretty
bad but any next that's even good
considering I dropped 15 pounds so I
mean right now we're starting to 36 the
goal it's kind of an experiment is to
see if I can get down to 216 know if I
don't hit down to 16 not the end of the
world because if I do with do gain
muscle that's great if if I don't get
that number but I feel better that's
great but having that set goal and a set
amount of time and then we see we can
actually do it so how are we going to do
this obviously cut out a lot of bad
stuff work out some and the first thing
is that I'm going to keep it super low
almost have no white carbohydrates and
that's essentially true unless it's
going to be right after a really really
really hard work out garbage is scary in
general because so many of the carbs
everywhere even if you think it's kind
of healthy it's really just processed
bullshit and try to stay away from that
the second is um eating a core group of
foods that I'm going to mix and match
and that's going to be sticking with a
proteins the veggies and the lentils so
you have black beans pinto beans egg
whites though i will probably a mix in a
full egg with those egg whites you know
for a little flavor chicken beef grasp
grass-fed beef because I'm fancy pork
spinach veggies asparagus peas and of
course the way that'll work is uh if
I'll have an egg whites maybe I'll make
seven spinach have a spinach tomato
omelette and peas asparagus chicken bla
bla black beans pinto beans essentially
this being able to mix and match so I'm
not having essentially the same meals
all the time but I am having the same
foods in my general diet and on this
food i'm gonna pretty much eat these
foods whenever i like because i'm gonna
be eating six to seven times a day
because one of one of the best things i
learned from project lose an Olsen twin
was yes running was good cutting out bad
drinks and stuff was good one of the
best things for me was portion control
going from three giant meals a day or I
look at them now and I think they're
Jaya to six or seven smaller meals I
just felt better in general I didn't
feel as way down where your body feels
like all the Bloods going to your
stomach to break down the shitty food
you just ate so i'm going to six seven
years a day and that of course is until
saturday saturday is going to be my
fatty fat fat day and that is a day
where I get to eat anything I want yoga
grays and chocolate bars giant God
forsaken pizzas anything i want i can
and we're going to try that because
Reese
which actually shows if you get yourself
one day to just eat gorge yourself on
really bad food your body will actually
be less interested in that food down the
road and it actually mixes it up for
your body so that you're not just having
this one sec thing it doesn't put your
body it's like a crash starvation mode
we're all sending starting to hold on to
all the carbs and plus if I mean to be
honest it just gives me something short
term to work to it's a lot easier to
work to a Saturday where you're like oh
if I want I need whatever the fuck I
want rather than 30 days a few months
down the road really how about my god
once once I lose 100 pounds on the
fucking eat something something with
sweetness oh my god so so if we're going
to do that and of course I'm not going
to drink calories I'm not going to turn
beer liquor even though if you get the
right Olivia doesn't have calories
because but I don't want to kill my
metabolism which is the same reason I'm
not going to smoke marijuana which even
though you know it is legal for me I am
carded I don't want to do that because I
don't want to i come on metabolism if it
does that but more importantly that shit
makes me want to eat like crazy so I'm
gonna try and stay away from that and of
course I'm gonna work out I have the
luxury of having a personal trainer but
if you actually if you apply to the gym
I'm personally doing it through ballys
not paid to say that but doing through
valleys and I get forward trainer
sessions for like a hundred dollars and
they're usually like depending on the
trainer 82 two hundred dollars and so
I'm doing that because i want i want
someone to help me get into into a good
place because i want to work out smarter
rather than just raging and harder you
know so I'm gonna meet with my i trainer
tomorrow you probably won't see it for
two days just because i'm gonna try to
give myself a little time on this and of
course you are one of the people that
has lost weight i saw people sending in
pictures they lost like 60 pounds from
blood if you're one of the people that
just want to try to
wait i will write a blog about this and
put up on my website and you can follow
this almost exactly I think it's going
to be fun and I think it's going to be
good and you know that anything shrine
and just give up and of course if you
are a traitor in the LA area if you want
to come down to my studio I go to your
studio we put something on film that
shows people how to eat healthier be
healthier workout healthier with or
without equipment they can be really
cool really fun and yeah so just shoot
me an email I'll put it down below stuff
words things I think it's going to be
fun and like I said it's not going to
essentially be daily I'm going to try
and post as much as possible on us but I
verse 30 day project if this works then
will I will keep will keep doing stuff
I'm kind of excited okay
