ace say hi to the pimples sir hey uh uh
20% battery hey internet I'm actually
posting this video as just as the
Wednesday Philip DeFranco show is up
sponsored by day crippling migraines I
uh I went to the gym for the first time
in forever but I got something that was
like ten times as severe as when I uh I
started running for the first time
because you know it feels like it almost
feels like you you like rattles around
your bone or not your bones your muscles
and all like the terrible shit is in
your bloodstream so like whether like
after you get like a super deep tissue
massage or like drink lots of water but
you stole you know you sometimes get a
headache but this was like I don't think
I've had a headache this bad since
wherever I was like I was trying to rush
through today's show like just it was
ridiculous I I just I think I like I got
like the date wrong on the Chilean
miners story I got like I think I got
the I think I was like I think I got
through the electricity story and I said
someone else invented the light bulb I
don't know I'm just uh but the good news
from that terrible Phil failure is uh I
have started trying to take care of
myself again and I want to do it and I
don't want to call it I don't want to do
plots project lose an Olsen twin also
because I don't want to be sued for the
name of that program I am I am going to
do one one certain thing for 30 days at
a time right and that's how the projects
will work it won't be till we reach a
certain goal because if you do something
for three weeks that habits there it's
good it's gonna it's almost it's almost
destined for a success unless it is
destroyed by an asteroid sadly and
crushed into smithereens yeah so
hopefully that doesn't happen but for
the next 30 days I'm gonna follow a
specific regimen I think I think
tomorrow I go in with a trainer and
hopefully he's cool with me uh me
filming him filming him make me do that
making me kick the shit out of myself
because you know I sometimes you know I
need that and I need someone like in the
physical world that's like jus a pussy
and not a bunch of people on the
internet that elves and everyone thinks
that they're you know they're like
they're a nutrition coach I'm like I
have Google too but no I mean I know
some of you definitely have good advice
it's just there's so much conflicting
stuff so I'm gonna stick to this one
thing for 30 days and so we're and I'm
gonna take pictures actually right after
I make this video and we're gonna see
where I'm at now know where I'm us we're
gonna see where I'm at then and yeah I
just you know what
despite the despite like what I felt
like I know this is a good thing I know
that when I was working out this morning
it was a good thing it felt like it felt
like I don't know like my body my
muscles were like the this clumped up
rag and I was just like and I was just
stretching it out and I was you know you
know you ripping muscle tissue not in
not in the injury making way but you
know just like working out just ah and
it felt it felt so good and I actually
ran into a few people from the nation
one if you uh if you watch this you are
a very giant man and you should help me
lose weight and also those other people
but I'm going to turn the lights back
off here go under the covers because my
head my headache slash my grain slash
why does my body feel like this is
almost over and I get to take my Sarah
Palin glasses off put my contacts back
in and I'm gonna head back into work and
yeah I just wanted to say hey on the
vlog I love you guys a long time I
wanted to let you know that
I am not abandoning everything but I
think it would be cool with this channel
like every 30 days I try something
different
am I gonna post every day maybe maybe
not I just don't want to I don't want to
fail you in that way I don't want to
miss a Saturday video or something and
then feel like complete failure and then
the whole thing falls apart you know
what I mean some of you some of you like
yeah Phil I've been with the SNC oh you
fucked up like 80 things I'm here with
you at this point I love you nation and
I'll uh I guess I'll hopefully see you
tomorrow or the next day but I'll
definitely be filming tomorrow
