you a brief interactive video for the
movie my soul to take so click one of
the four videos and you will be taken to
awesome so today I'm getting a chance to
see my soul to take a day before it
comes out or I guess what time is it
seven hours yes seven hours before the
first midnight showing and I don't know
I'm actually I'm actually kind of pumped
for it corsa I loved West Craven scream
movies and so it'll be cool it'll be
cool to see I'm not gonna be able to see
it in a 3d because I opted for the
pretty much cheaper TV but uh yes we're
gonna check it out and I think a very
large man is going to accompany the DVD
because I want to make sure that I'm not
gonna like torrent the movie I'll be
like oh yes I'll screen it in this room
by myself with another plug it into a
computer or I don't even know who's
watching the movie with me oh wait no
one's here yet because I'm the only
person that wakes up at 60 next thing
you'll see this you no matter what that
is I was right because now you're
watching this but now you're watching
this right so they just brought the
movie over but my favorite part of this
is that for my soul to take my name wait
auto focus my name is on the copy so
they know if it goes to the Internet
philip defranco is going to jail alright
so i just finished a movie and i don't i
don't want to full-on review it because
i feel like it would it would come out
i'd be biased obviously so what I want
to say is that my soul to sake is kind
of like the dawson creek if people died
all the time by knife I think that iono
they do they're definitely uh there was
some scary parts are some there were
funny parts I know is cool but the movie
did make me wonder how would I kill
people if I was the way the killer was
in this I'm like Mike how we're going to
talk about anything without spoiling the
movie I
no I think I'm actually gonna probably
watch it again over the weekend I'm not
even not saying that because they're
even sponsoring the video I'm just
saying I kind of want a seat again
because there are certain things i think
i call it but don't know if i call it
correctly I know it's yeah and I think I
think I'm gonna go see it maybe the
midnight showing will say my
girlfriend's out of town so I got
nothing else better to do midnight a
question for you are the people that you
know from the office which is probably
myself Tony Matt who do you think would
be the killer and who do you think would
be the first one to die that's my
question uh that wasn't play actually
that wasn't what did you need something
