hello ends webs um so I like the office
it's like 720 in the morning painters
are gonna come finish the job here so
everything's kind of a mess but you know
the walls turning white slowly and
almost all done but because my body woke
me up at four thirty in the morning I
had a lot of time to look online and to
start to start pondering and I ended up
looking through religious blogs and I
always you know I try and stay away from
religion because every opinion someone
has as as much as it's not intended to
be hurtful or blah blah is always seen
as like an attack on someone but it I
did end up wondering something because a
lot of a lot of the pose and arguments
for for why gays should not be married
is that is that it's a it's a god thing
it's it's reserved for religious people
it's um marriage is God's design and it
should it should just be a reserved for
religious people so that's why I started
wondering why are there no rallies for
and like I'm just thinking how to say it
why do there are no rallies to stop a
theist from marrying each other why are
there no rallies for interfaith couples
to marry each other why is that not on
Fox News and Huffington Post and CNBC
not MSNBC but CNBC I don't know why is
that not there and and it's made me
wonder and so I put the question out on
Twitter because I wanted to to see what
people thought and I look I did not
choose these based on how super they
were these are probably the more
competent not hate filled ones and the
first one the answer to my question is
marriages from God which annoyed me
because that literally did not answer my
question that's like I called India and
you were just reading from the script I
was like no no I already recycled my
modem no that's not you literally did
not answer
my question and then so someone someone
finally then added even if to atheists
Mary it's still God's design man and
woman it's still God's design that's the
way God intended it and then added
something like everyone breathes God
created breathing no one's protesting
breathing I don't even know what that
second part meant but if it's God's
design that it's man and a woman why so
you could say well because a man and
woman are the only two things capable of
loving that's not sure that's not sure I
mean you could just see I get a couple
and you go oh that's love yeah I mean so
then the only thing that comes to mind
is procreation right okay procreation
that makes sense I get procreation I was
I was raised Catholic so I mean that
religion is like two things it's like
don't have sex until you're married and
then have sex all the time also number
to feel guilty about everything else and
so that's that's a very dumbed down
version of Catholicism it's so terrible
um and so and I so I get the procreation
thing and I think that's very Darwin of
God as far as the everyone breathes but
no one protests breathing the only thing
that relates to I guess would be that we
don't have a choice if we breathe or not
and neither do gays as far as where they
stick it you know i just i just find it
very hard to believe the people ah it
just frustrates me like people choose to
be gay that's what throws me off people
people say people choose to be gay and
why would you choose to be ridiculed why
would you choose to be told every day
with words or without that you are a bad
thing you should not exist I don't know
I just don't I don't know how so and I
am just wondering this and I know that
there are some people out there that can
form competent thoughts that don't
involve the words fag and blah blah ends
I don't know but if we can't end on any
note I would like to use your breathing
no because homosexuality
is exactly like breathing we don't have
a choice in if we breathe or not we
don't have a choice and if we're
straight or gay and no matter how long
or hard we try and hold our breath
eventually unless the world smothers us
you're going to take a breath the sooner
people realize that the sooner
everything will be fabulous I know it's
gonna come up with people be like yeah
it fills an atheist ur boo fills an
atheist I'm I don't know what I am i I
really don't as far as religious
spiritual blah blah I don't know I
really don't at this point I'm just I'm
like two steps away from becoming a
door-to-door atheist it's a lot like
jehovah witnesses except i come to your
door and I give you comic books a copy
of modern warfare 2 at a subscription to
maxim magazine and I'm like well you
have a good day and I just leave it's a
pretty good deal
