hey guys so it's uh it's Tuesday morning
and I realized that I've lost a lot of
what that what the vlog was which was
mean talking about you know what's going
on and I've been so sidetracked with
actually doing stuff rather than talking
about it that I realize that I haven't
been talking about it so this morning I
asked on Twitter is there anything you
want me to cover catch you up blah Blee
blah and so I'm literally gonna walk
around with my phone show you the office
because I saw that some people wanted a
tour but uh let's see there was a
question where to go where'd it go Dean
Astley said the new studio in general
what's up with a change the DeFranco
nation wants to know okay so the new
studio let's uh let's start on one ends
and work our way over so right now
everything's work in progress today
we're getting the walls painted white I
just want to get rid of that a nasty
green color and we're getting internet
installed so Phil why do what's up with
the studio why is it there so in
yesterday's or two days ago vlog I
explained that what I do is really only
twenty percent of the philip defranco
show blah Blee blob videos and it's good
that way because it lets me continue to
still love it and to still enjoy sharing
because it's not 100 so when I love what
I do it's not like i'm on the computer
one hundred percent of the time just
like looking and looking and looking and
so half the half the fun are most of the
fun of working online is the ability to
do anything that you want to do and so I
was like we don't need an office you
know I did an office with with the
station and that was an experience of
its own and that's an office but what I
wanted was a creative place a creative
studio so now we have this this psych
that we're going to put rollers on and
we're going to be able to film stuff and
maybe you know I can I can end up like
throwing green
a roller down and I can do whatever I
want I can film something fun for the
vlog can do something for a different
channel I can I don't know kick to ron
ron smith outside you know i can do
anything outside of my little one
hundred square foot room and i have the
ability to do it and so why am i going
to waste my opportunities why i should
try and do something new I don't I don't
I don't know I just I don't want to be
the same old thing over and over like I
look at a lot of youtubers and even the
ones that like they're the creative ones
they're burning out there doing the same
ideas over and over again and I want
this place to do really fun stuff plus
it allows me to work closer to people
like Tony who's working on blackboxtv
cute win fail which toby turner is
hosting LTA which I want to I want to
come back on with Toby and maybe a few
other people and so some of that stuff
we're gonna film in here and you know I
get to work in a close vicinity to
everyone that I've been working with
rather than driving all over the freakin
place so that was that room and then
let's move over here we have a kitchen
it's not really it's not really set up
yet but uh you know we have the coffee
we have a hook I love when the coffee's
done yeah wheezy and so you know have
that we have a full bathroom with a
shower which will end up meeting because
i know tony and myself and probably a
few editors can end up staying the night
we have this common area which just when
we have people over you know just chill
out we're also going to play LTA games
here film them there and then of course
makeup station it shows you before I
know that I kind of walked you around i
want to show you him now my office is
going to completely change so i have
some of the stuff that you guys sent me
on the wall of a p.o box i never liked
push it out because anna it always seems
like it would come off tacky so this
room's gonna get all painted white and
we might use some idea paint and what it
does
the painter was talking about we're
gonna have to do in a special way but
what it does is it turns one of your
walls into an entire whiteboard so I'll
be able to have that ouchies what does
it say oh wait this is this is my
drawing that's Maddy's drawing and then
this is a this is Tony hey we got pens
did we get an eraser did you ever see
the movie racer hot and there you go I
know Lindsey drew on that Lindsey Drona
the Bologna is in the fridge hilarious
story maybe we'll explain a window and
so then and here right now this is where
we have Maddie Maddie edits the pds in
the LTA these days
oh I'm supposed to be working um I've
been trying to work with him uh let's
see we have Jenny over here where she
does the awesome stuff and then hey we
have sleep-deprived Tony hey
sleep-deprived Tony who is not gonna end
who's not going to engage in my video
because he's so involved in the new
episode new episode of black boxes up
today I just need to make any sense
Sonia do you remember Tony's house it's
the darkest place in the world so he's
allowed to have his little uh his little
Tony cave uh you know we all live in the
daylight he comes out every now and then
he sparkles he shines yeah it's why
light reference but yeah so let's move
on to the next thing Giles Corey and 87
x 6 6 6 says how's the diet going have
you lost any more weight I've lost two
more pounds I haven't been I haven't
been exercising and you know to be
honest I haven't been eating that
healthy but a lot of what I've been
doing is portion control so instead of
eating the three big bad meals of the
day have been taking those bad meal is
cutting them down and you know my body
just keeps it it's decent metabolism
rate metabolic rate I don't know I'm not
a doctor anymore after I did that thing
and so i'm down to hose him down to 130
about to break into the 11 30 i am a
hundred thirty pounds of 230 and so I'm
excited you know the new place is next
to a gym so I got here this morning six
and this film on the vlog because I know
I haven't filmed anything so in the
future I want to go to the gym come here
i'll have my workout done by like seven
thirty so uh that'll be good not to be
good so yeah I've continued to do lose
weight of I haven't gained weight back
which is good that was actually very I'm
very nervous about it but uh yeah we'll
talk about we'll talk about diet and
stuff more in the future legalization of
weed in california i think you're
talking about the decriminalization
and you can have I think what is up to a
gram on you and you just get like a
misdemeanor it's a it's a charge because
it's stupid they're a bunch of people in
jail bunch of people in jail for having
a weed on I'm gonna do really really i
don't know i know that you know i have a
different thought process and a lot of
other people and i've smoked I've smoked
marijuana in the past thing is I I do I
don't use it as a party drug I'm very
lame I use it as a destresser i have i
have my green card which means i can
work in the united states and a smoked
marijuana legally um but yeah I just do
it because I'm stressed out plus I'm
also worried about the oncoming pain
that's going to come with my pkb so I
like that I have the card and I hope
that uh you know I hope it stays
decriminalized and legal for medical
reasons so you guys I was some of the
stuff that you guys asked me of course
you can always use the moderator panel
to ask questions or throw them down in
the comments sadly I do read them all
the time constantly because you know it
validates my existence but I'm gonna go
throw this on the computer start from
the philip defranco show and i just
wanted to give you guys a little update
say i love you long time and to look out
for the new LTA and lt a new PDS and
black box TV today so go check those out
after this video bar
you
