we're all gonna die eventually
eventually is what I mean we're all
gonna I don't know why I started that
off by screaming because I was just I
was just making a point I was stating a
fact hey so what's up I know I haven't
put up blogs here because I've been
fighting midget ninja minion Minges
midget ninjas is what I'm trying to say
hi so I'm in the the new office which is
super echoey because our furniture isn't
really getting delivered till thursday
and i won't start filming in here till a
week from now but um we've been buying
stuff and the reason I'm soul it oh hey
look oh that's so great I didn't realize
that pimple look like herpes oh they're
half the comments so blita sorry boo
that looks like let me focus internet
Jesus Christ you're so pushy oh hey so
yeah um so I'm in the office right now
and we only really have one area set up
I mean this isn't even set up right here
this is a the makeup station it's not
for me I mean what I do is really only
twenty percent of a philip defranco show
in my videos the rest is a lot of
production stuff marketing blah Blee
blob oh it's so exciting Phil tell us
more but what I was really excited about
was this right her we uh we set up the
this room so far and i just i love i
love a akia it makes it look good my
favorite i'm not going to show you the
other rooms because it's really nothing
that's my favorite thing about this
place look at all this box is my
favorite thing about this place po po po
po is a this so we're going to film some
stuff some fun stuff here and add super
excited about it and yeah I don't know
this is pretty much like this is gonna
be HQ for everything on philip defranco
show or not philip defranco show not on
what I don't know what I'm saying but
main point Internet I love you
I just want to say hey and also if you
could please comment on my pimple that
looks like herpes that would be
appreciate not that you have to it's
just lets me know you care you're all
whores bye
