was at Landers
yeah that specific if I put out a tweet
last night saying that uh whoever
invented carrots I feel sorry for them
because they didn't have to like elbows
into double checks from carrots you know
what carrot cakes or character play fees
are that's how it works
yeah because I feel like they were
probably invented a long time ago before
they had you know copyright and
Trademark we have a new show their
history by Jeff Stewart
according to Joe that'll be great super
I want I want to want to take credit
that I'm a good guy III can't go the
twitchcon this this this weekend and
they're in there when we were getting
set up like a room and I think well I
want so I'm setting Ethan Ethan James do
they have a sweet-ass room I don't know
if we had a nice room you gotta let me
know oh man what if it turns out they
gave me a shitty room and I dodged that
bullet he's still snuggling too close
yeah well you look like you got a little
some why did you get it I think a lot of
people in Southern California are
getting sick I first thought it was just
a lurch E is if it always just starts
with a tickle then I woke up this
morning oh this is my chest is horrible
I leave in a week so there stay away
from you where you are in Bali I don't
even know I don't know how to say the
place is a trip that jess has organized
lately our own actually uh Steve and
Nikki let's how you had to do on like
dual yeah we're doing a double double
honeymooners so there was a you could do
it with it's about really great yeah
yeah they're so fun we like to party the
Clinton he party do like coke and
fucking drugs anyways
oh yeah pill or just we've got a lot of
videos coming down the pipe next week I
love it you just casually drop that you
did cocaine and then acted like well
anyway the subject I don't know how I'm
gonna around this side if ur uh ghost
peppers and all that stuff and
there's no way I can do anything tonight
I'm so glad because when I wrote
ghostpepper I actually meant to write
Carolina Reaper and I'm so fucking
mistake yeah but we were here very late
last night was chanting outside the
window and it's all people dressed in
black with candles walking up the street
slowly together so James trying to pull
out the camera you can't see very much
but I don't know if you have the phone
do what I do you know wanna turn the
fucking audio on why don't we just get
that microphone that everyone keeps
linking that two months ago I think it
blocks my view it's so big right so Zack
gave you a fix two months ago
yeah I think there might be so big
extracting to me I can't not like when
you're driving I feel like there's a big
blind spot in front of me if I got to
think about that's so fucking stupid go
like sparkles well-ordered we'll do a
size comparison okay it's like guys in a
shower all right I think this clips long
enough we're just gonna get off this
morning I was like I'm gonna wear makeup
what are we doing you told me you needed
to write you tell me it looks better if
you just say it's my voice gets annoying
if I talk like this we're going to the
dollar store no we're going to a pumper
Kenny we're going to a pumpkin patch
there's public people were excited
it's fine your family how's it going
you're coming we should probably do the
boring thing first though right the boy
I think the dollar store is there for a
dollar and I knew someone and a boy who
got a girl pregnant on toddler store
condom filming a horror film we're
getting stuff at the dollar store for
like a decorating contest yeah if you
get your salad
I don't want hands touching myself we
need stuff for the costume contest and
the door check the writing contest we
did we're doing a lot of contests yeah
yeah I'll go pick up things that people
are gonna win that's offensive air pump
everybody needs an air pump paint brush
who doesn't need a paint brush some
styling gloves look at this this is
stylin wear these on a hot date I'm
going to the mall before I get this Zara
black eyes air freshener first chick
fling em ball machine elbows I think
that's cool they put like little Ricci
cups and there's something for you to
drink no it's your yard you find some
good toys police officer my hands a
little batana beat up Jamie's
Wow I'm saying all get on this without
knocking that over
I like your hair do you get that out of
your eye
sorry they trap to him here I want to
save you where do you live I'll take you
to your home you do but you don't
what up to doing bro hey bro
I think you can miss food
thing is is not so much in but they also
cure doesn't matter yeah
what is it Landers
what the hell is it
Kamel think it's a candle sorry they're
putting you to work
I'm so sorry but then just wants to go
home and watch some TV I think you
should go on one of those slabs how much
of the slides when we done good one
second
all right man gotta like rug burn on
this bitch how long has happened
let me see I'll pick one oh my god look
at this one a pretty one right it's just
a pretty pumpkin that's my pumpkin
there's thanks gran
no problem thank you Joe this is the
best outer you've ever taken me on the
only outing that hasn't sucked what was
your favorite part
today I think I want a pic he was so
hungry this is safety 101 a big one here
we go got all these pumpkins good job
everybody those goats were awesome yeah
I think he's mad at me should go talk to
Christie does he leave that for me she
did some choice words on my slack oh
yeah you don't get to see I think this
is an and this fault
because I was gonna bring three girls in
the man who said we should bring in a
guy and I was like that's actually a
good idea as well because I needed help
to get all the pumpkins there was so
many people there was no room in the car
though I was my big card I literally
don't think there was a blood I'm gonna
go apologize to her own camera Christy
I'm sorry well I'm not sorry because I
didn't mean it but I I said I said
originally I had no idea what I'm
talking about I didn't know you wanted
to go I mean she'd said hard to go but
that's that's not you telling me you
wanted to go I was mad and then I got
over it and then I saw the fucking pet
goats and pig
rolls it was more or less about an equal
opportunity yeah we should yeah equal
opportunity and you know there's just
too many women there's too many women so
we got to make it equal we're all by the
Equality here so we need to bounce it
out with with I mean it's not saying
that much okay so I'm sorry it's all but
equality next time that we have more
guys will will you'll be your next in
line okay okay I still got to put the
goat stelson
what is that
really really hurt spill or ground I got
me something called a medicine ball why
I joked I posted that video this morning
where I was like the only voice that
doesn't hurt to do is oddly Alex Jones
voice which is weird cuz normally that's
the oh well you got plans this weekend
joning should I agree with you I just
want to say the pre-cum is not only a
conspiracy theory it just hasn't existed
that's it it did exist at one point
exists in 1862 but it stopped it stopped
when the Native Americans they they
conducted their witchcraft right which
is of course why something you got
pre-cum apologists like Danny Rosenberg
just touting their bullshit propaganda
left and right
Danny Rosenberg doesn't even exist Danny
Rosenberg died eight years ago in Culver
City they leveled the building built a
playground on top of her no one wants to
talk about it the ghost of Danny
Rosenberg is it has been a problem
problem for five years LAPD the the fire
department National Guard hid the truth
hid the truth from people because of the
people weren't ready I hate that that's
the only way though maybe out Jones just
been sick into it like 15 years there's
no other job that Alex Jones should have
like you don't want your doctor to have
that voice the perfect kid what sorry I
thought that was gonna be your that's
the price it was but it wasn't like oh
this might be useful
that's I knew exactly what was going
what is it if I have two of these then I
can make us jello shots depends if
there's another one in the back there's
always a factor loser
