let's face the facts about me and you a
love unspecified though I'm proud to
call you chocolate bear the crowd will
always talk and stare I feel exactly
those feelings too and that's why I keep
them inside cuz this bear can't bear the
world's to stay and sometimes it's
easier to hide and explain on the Isle
of tests Ali's guy love he's mine i'm
his there's nothing gay about it in our
eyes you asked me about this thing we
share and he tenderly reply
it's guy love between two
sorry that was out this morning I got
sidetracked for like 25 minutes because
the White House has a flicker where they
post all these official White House
pictures and I was just looking at it
and I was like oh wow Barack Obama and
run many well complete bromance or rum
manuals doing his job or complete
bromance which is fun you know a dude
and another dude just want to be dudes
together they enjoy each other's dude
company completely okay I thought you
just enjoy it and it had me laughing
this morning so anyway a new philip
defranco show today um new thing new
thing new thing and also a new episode
of blackboxtv and is back finally after
two to three weeks how long was it I
don't know it was too long but uh yep so
enjoying that the stuff today I hope
that made you laugh and I love you long
time and pants area
