but how do you go about thinking okay oh
hi man you guys caught me in the middle
of something hi so uh as you can tell
from the shitty quality video I am uh
taking a book out of my buddy Toby turns
book I saw he was using the the bad
camera on the iPhone I was like yes so
now you can see your fate I'm using this
I'm gonna be lazy fuck high quality
videos who needs high quality vlogs you
I don't give a shit about you a high
quality blog meter so um now you know
sorry I'm screaming everything I scream
oh my god four down the ninth there was
this lady across the street that kept
staring at me as I was looking at my
phone so it's like hey let's fuck oh my
god oh I thought I just mess with her so
yeah there's that ayah if you saw my
philip defranco show video i am on
vacation which is literally just I don't
go anywhere everyone else just goes away
from me that's that's the best way to
have a vacation why travel somewhere to
another beach I live near the beach why
travel somewhere miserably colds now why
would I why would I do Lindsay's out
geocaching the rest of the crew is out
editing filming new new awesome stuff
I literally this is how a vacation I
just stay home it's because I'm cheap so
poor people or cheap people take notice
you can do that it's a staycation I hate
that word steak hey it's a steak no it's
a get the fuck out so I can have some
peace of mind Kishin and so it's been
it's been it's been good and I know that
I'm breaking my own thing or I was like
I'm not making a video I just wanted to
say hey and stuff and things but yeah I
hope you're well I'm gonna stare at my
puppy doing this for the next uh what do
you say what do you say next three hours
and then I'm gonna move to the bedroom
and I'm prop I'm playin a little
PlayStation Move then I might go to the
beach it's a good day I think we all
deserve a little relax except for me
Phil you're so lazy
you're so I anyone who thinks I'm lazy
just unsubscribe
you're ungrateful dirty bitches and
you're gonna eventually unsubscribe
anyway so uh yeah let me guys a long
time I hope you're well I'm doing well
and yeah we'll see we'll see I'll see
you when I see you which is gonna be on
Monday or who knows where the videos
that's easy to make it could happen
again but probably not anyway why why
are you stabbing me 18 times
