hey everyone this is me attempting a
tornado vlog for the philip defranco
thing for title vlogs you are in the
vortex of the vlog aren't you excited so
we're supposed to stand in the circle
and try to get one point across and I'm
speeding in and speeding and that's what
the tornado part is you just keep
spinning around and around and try to
keep the camera about as still as you
can and it looks really cool but then it
and we try to stand up straight in one
spot yeah tornadoes look so I'm gonna do
a five-minute tornado full see it like
my TV in here so I'm really hoping that
I don't like maybe like this and then
just take ahead go ahead person which
and right now as I'm watching myself
spin around and feel self getting a bit
easier I'm wondering why I did this hey
boo the Franco um hi I decided to do the
tornado thing because you did it and I
want to be cool like the internet people
and I just had soup so I don't think
it's a good idea ok so I'll run from
socal lilo stitch in the contest keep on
about when you tripped or white and I
mean yesterday i vainly had two shits
like it uh what an xbox they're spinning
really really fast around my room which
I did painted blue you could take my
hate pink so I don't know anything and
wow oh I'm getting really dizzy oh
you're so you only get Helen our but i'm
actually in my bathroom that's what i
was having a problem with now I'm
focusing I'm about to puke oh god I'm
gonna be really busy oh I'm starting to
feel sick this is a bad idea ok it's
time for me to stop spinning and stand
up and try not to kill myself oh alright
alright think I'm okay
