hey interwebs so my buddy Matt was
telling me about this idea called a
tornado vlog I don't know if you came up
with this idea or if you just stole it
or I don't even know but it's
essentially a blog where you just spin
around no cuts whatsoever and you try
and get one point across and at the end
of that point we try and stand up and
see if you don't kill yourself I feel
like you should do this though not
around knives or sharp objects or maybe
even not at all but I wanted to say hey
I know I haven't made a vlog in a few
days starting a little nauseous but
we'll hook you going through it my main
thought is about my my main show I can't
decide how long I want these shows to be
because I just I just I think they're
too long now you know I like longer
shows and maybe I'll just start
splitting stuff up whether it's
splitting video game stuff and actually
just putting it on LTA same for movie
stuff and maybe just doing something
else I know spin on my mind so some
changes that aren't going to be giant
Lee hugely majorly drastic or probably I
come just want to give you a heads up
love you long time and let's stand up
and we're going to try and go toward
which isn't working oh okay bring it
it's all I think that you guys should
make tornado vlogs and post them to me
or if you want you could do hurricane
blogs which I imagine would be two or
more people all doing it at the same
time and just see how that works out
okay I'm gonna go open the show and
hopefully that throw Oh
the fuck up
