hey guys so I wanted to do something
called the the Philip DeFranco graveyard
it was originally gonna be something
else than anyway main point being my
main channel says I have like 560 videos
I actually have along the lines of 630 a
lot of them just are unlisted or private
because I'm embarrassed by them or I was
just like well there is no reason anyone
should ever see this again and so I
thought hey I have a personal channel
why not share these little embarrassing
or interesting gems with the world and
so the first one is uh me joking about
how people become popular again highly
hit videos on YouTube and it was this is
about four years ago almost three and a
half four years ago and it has my
friends at the time our friends I don't
know how you want to say it
Natalie Tran and meters and yeah so I
thought you might get a kick out of it
and
thank you for tuning into YouTube 101
part 2 today we're going to discuss
misleading titles and hot girls one of
the main things you want to make sure is
that you have a very misleading title no
matter what your video is about whether
it's animal cruelty a vlog something
that pertains to cheese just make sure
that in the title you have something
about big boobs blonds dancing slutty
girls or something pertaining to a
vaginal nature now once you have that in
make sure that you have a nice Center
picture
mm-hmm now at this time most of your
viewers probably don't have enough blood
in their head to make sense of anything
so they're probably going to go along
with the video this is where all the
sudden if you want to seal the deal get
a hot girl dancing just for no reason
just pop it in like this see didn't make
sense be elected and this is the end of
the video and I got you to watch the
entire time Hey I like to dance around
people on the internet subscribe
