I think uh a homeless person broke into
the the place over there let's take it
over there roof interesting the only
reason i say homeless or frat boy based
on their boot yep typical frat boy /
homeless food so i'm on that beginning
no let's talk about homeless people you
know I live in Venice California there
are tons and tons of homeless people
around here a lot of them are on the
boardwalk or they like try to sell you
stuff on the boardwalk and it's like
hand paintings or you know some of them
have kind of cool stuff but a lot of
them are just just homeless people like
you see them I see them in the morning
when I go out to run and then I lake
later if I have I'm like just wanting
like a bottle of water and I'm like not
wanting to go whole way to the store
i'll just hit up the boardwalk and it's
just they're always there and they're
only is so many of them are harassing
people for cash or you know something
ends you know what part of me feels bad
for them but then part of me is like if
you're kind of spend your entire day
like moving around harassing people for
money why don't you I don't know do
something that's productive for society
and I can't obviously hate to these
people because there are a ton of
homeless people that are that really did
just fall on hard times or they got into
like they got into drugs and it ruined
their life and you know and I feel bad
and I and I go through these things
where I want to help everyone but then I
go through these places these places in
my life where I'm just like fuck that
dude because what in my mind what
defines a person it's not it's not just
their successes it's not just their life
it's how they bounce back from a life
shit on them it bothers me and I mean I
want to move on from homeless people
because homeless people are homeless
people but when you and your life you
you hit a hard time right what do you do
do you give up because then you're that
kind of person do you persevere you're
that kind of person if you just kind of
wade through it you know and then it
just sits still there you're that kind
of person
those are the kind of people that are
that are in the world and life does that
to you a lot like shits on you a lot
I've had to bounce back so many times
and well in a lot of my life I wasn't
even bouncing back i was just
bottom-feeding i was i was waiting
through through a life and that's the
thing is I'm not better than anyone else
most of the successes in my life are
because I kept trying even though I was
failing half the time is have to keep
trying like with this project lose an
Olsen twin that I'm doing every now and
then I'm like I need something and then
you don't eat a bad deal but then I'm
like fuck okay and then you know I just
you know I realize I can fail every now
and then I can make mistakes but I don't
make a habit of it I don't just give up
because then that's the kind of person I
am a lot of the things and the ways that
i am or because I see things I do not
like I share how i share on these vlogs
because I see so many youtubers that are
just fucking 2-faced liars just lying
lying to their viewers about who they
are because they feel bad about it or
they know that people will look down
upon them and so I try to to stay as
honest as possible I try and do and work
as hard as possible because I've
employed or I've worked with people that
were just fucking lazy that we're just
so fucking lazy and I always think you
know if I'm that person someone's gonna
feel that way about me and I don't know
oh that's just random tuesday morning
ranting before i do a show and you know
as always i love know what you guys are
thinking also and thank you yesterday
for all the the idea is a place to go i
definitely think that i'm gonna hit up
the leaves and actually egypt which I
didn't even when I think of Egypt I'm
just like okay deserts I don't even
think of water but yeah so thank you for
that and stuff and things but I'm we go
from the show and I hope this doesn't
come off as Phil hates homeless people
that's why should call it as you call it
philip defranco first homeless people
this actually
this made me think of this trailer that
came out if there was this whole Road
house contest remember when a tarantino
and Rodriguez made those grindhouse
movies they came out they uh they helped
these guys in canada and i think that
the creator of the movie even tweeted me
they came up with this movie hobo with a
shotgun which you should check out i'll
put a link in the description i think
they're actually making it or it's done
and they're just editing it on a person
who made the movie we should sit down do
an interview or something anyway
mainship main thing i'm going to do the
show love you long time I don't have
homeless people I just love people who
bounced back yeah be that person
fuck oh fuck
