so today I wanted to start off by
answering a moderate or blah blah blah
blah blah blah question which a bunch of
people wanted to know almost no people
said no to and that was a u.s. ninja
patriot who said I saw a bit really old
video where you introduce your sister
Sabrina how come you never mention her
you know that's that's two things that's
because she lives so far away so she's
never in these vlogs and also I'm just a
very very careful about anyone that's
like under the age of like 14 or 16 or
something that I put into these videos
it's just it out of its its it's a
different world we live in it's a weird
world we live in and I don't know I just
don't feel super super super super
comfortable especially when I see some
of the shit that people say about kids
online especially in youtube videos kind
of weirds me out but yeah that's that
answer so let's do the vlogging thing
hmm ace ace we have ace why do you have
the ball get it rook oh oh shit yo shit
just got stolen you should just call
stolen oh shit just got stolen I can go
it's bouncing tits bouncing tits
bouncing where it's gonna go leave
whatever me because you're a dog a
little kid I know another parking lot
vlog how exciting for you so I know I
didn't make a video since last Thursday
but I figure as long as I do monday to
thursday then I have a vlog and a show
every day and that's that's pretty good
that Bernie could plus I was exhausted
this weekend because I I just decided I
decided Lindsay decided for us and I
agreed that we would go get our scuba
suits you know were you you I think
you're certified to go like 40 feet
underwater it's not it's not like
there's there's not like scuba police
but you know you don't you don't want to
push it so yeah we went out there for
the first time did not know that I got
motion sickness I didn't throw up but
you're hitting some really like big
waves on the speedboat and but I was
just like looking down as I go home I
god oh my god cuz you know they tell you
to do several things like look at the
horizon but I like I was like ah and
what really helped was when I went
outside and I got you know fresh ocean
air or or I was inside I was just
looking down doing please God please God
don't throw up don't be that person and
I wasn't two other people were but I
wasn't and but main thing scuba diving
is awesome it's super awesome the
visibility wasn't that good and I've
always wanted a scuba especially after
um actually it's on the vlogs here like
three years ago or two years ago or
something I went with the the shaytards
minus the children's of shaycarl and
Katie let and yeah we went snorkeling
just in this this place no one else was
there and we were snorkeling and they
were just like thousands of fish and you
know you can only go like 5 10 15 feet
and I was like home and I won't ever
since then I was like wouldn't be
awesome to go down with them and just
like and see some
and so Lindsay brought this up and it
was really fun um it's a little
claustrophobic at first because you're
like especially when the visibility is
pretty low it was like five to eight
feet visibility and we went down 40 feet
we had to do like uh you know like the
exercises where like you simulate when
bad should happen so like out of the
outer air and and cramps which isn't
that big of a deal but that out of air
was really interesting because um I was
buddies obviously with Lindsay were
buddies with super buddies uh buddies
just mean you pair up because you know
if some some shit goes wrong like you do
actually run a tear then you can grab
the UH the alternate regulator which is
what you breathe out of and you're fine
and uh yes we did that and uh Lindsay
being the lovely person that she is like
you be the person that's out of Erin's
look okay I trust you underneath 43
water and uh and so I did the air and uh
you know and then we went up together
which was interesting because the cord
or the hose is really only like 23 feet
long so you have to go up at the same
level and I was scared that she's gonna
bring me up too fast because she loves a
filling up her BCD which is the other
thing that you're wearing and I'll just
look no no PCT and which under water is
so you know we went up we uh we pass
we're good and so we have one more week
so we have our scuba cert and then we're
kind of thinking of just going directly
the week after and getting our vet
advanced open water scuba cert which
allows you to go like to the cooler
stuff everyone's been talking about
belize and the blue hole which is a
giant blue hole i guess um I think it's
like they're all over the world it's
when a a coral reef implodes I don't
know apparently it's beautiful and I
definitely want to check it out so I
kind of want to do that but I just don't
know if I can fit into my schedule but
we'll see but uh all I know is if you if
you can afford it or I really should
just try to get a sponsor for it cuz
it's it's a little expensive
I don't know it was super fun that's all
I know I didn't die yet so that's also
good and what else what else is there oh
so to those of you that have have
snorkeled in exotic locale or just
beautiful home places or you've gone
scuba diving somewhere beautiful let me
know and actually if you I know other
people post like vlog footage if you
have that stuff like senator is a video
response because I definitely want to
have some ideas cuz i want it i want to
use this you know um yeah cuz you know
it's a little scary and I don't know if
I'll ever want to go a hundred feet down
or you know whatever cuz I'm like I'm
like terrified I'm going to explode
underwater I just feel like I'm going to
go down and then for some reason I don't
know but I'm gonna start shooting up and
I'll be like oh because I don't know
when we were doing it in the pool which
was a Saturday is that you do the pool
first and then he do the ocean dive when
in the pool I went up from like 14 feet
down because I didn't understand how the
BCD worked and like how air expanded
blah Blee blah so I filled my BCDC fast
and I just like went up way too fast and
like when I hit the surface almost
passed out because I was just like oh my
god what does it happened and I had a
cold so I couldn't equalize my ears
which you need to do like every like
five or blah Blee blah feat but anyway
um yeah it's a doing good I'm you know
I'm just feeling I think you guys can't
even tell except for me fucking breaking
out but at least it's not your like near
near my mouth so it's not gonna be lots
humphreys yeah I'm down fortune pounds
ran this morning I'm feeling good and
yeah yeah thanks thanks for the support
the lobe I'm gonna go home and film Phil
DeFranco show and I hope you enjoy all
the ish today by the way sub Saturday I
definitely wanna keep doing it I just
it's really hard to find three good
people week hi there yes I'm talking to
myself in my car in the parking lot of a
whole foods okay I'm gonna stop talking
myself in the parking lot of a whole
foods and go home and talk myself in my
office because that's it so much more
normal anyway love you guys long time as
always are
I should do opera oh wait I forgot to
tell you punch people guessed some of
you got it right matt is 24,000 years
old now he's 24 years old
