oh it look like you're hurt no but you
weren't oh oh well be right I brought a
bunch of my pokemon cards today we could
use yes Matt Matt turned 12 yesterday
and I got him a bunch of pokemon cards
and a prostitute so that was excited she
was actually very good I didn't think
that she was gonna be able to pull it
off but uh she was like I am whatsup
gold foil charizard is like I didn't
expect you leave oh and we lost we lost
all our money to the prostitute because
we were playing we should have gone with
yugioh cards we should have it's all
funny because he has like a thousand
billion mcgillian cards ah Mike man but
don't tell anybody especially not the
injury waiver a question he's not
actually 12 guess how old matters guess
in the comments and then tomorrow Allah
I'll give the answer so yesterday I saw
on the last exorcism with a Tony Matt
and Lindsay and you know I know a lot of
people on the web so they didn't like it
that the end came to abruptly i thought
it was a good movie and I was also
amazed by the fact that it really did
only cost 1.8 million dollars that's
amazing it did do a lot of things right
you can see the you know the lack of
cost here and there but I thought it was
a great movie the main character was
awesome but it got me thinking about God
and demons and it kind of goes with
Stephen Hawking today where everyone's
been talking about his new book and
about how he said that the universe in
no way needed God to create it that that
kind of stuff happens God is not part of
that equation and you know a lot of
people when talking about it'll our God
doesn't exist is this possibility and
I'm not gonna go in on that I'm going to
talk about um you know growing up I had
some weird you know I had some weird
things with religion i was i was raised
Catholic I went to a Catholic school you
know went to church every Sunday
sometimes you go during the week and I
don't know it was it was interesting I
really liked I really liked singing at
church that was fun but you know nuns
really mean the priests I distinctly
remember a priest saying i'm looking
forward to dying so I can be with my
family and I was like that's a really
weird thing to say to an eight-year-old
child and then I think actually it
wasn't even Catholicism that that
terrified me about religion my mom had
to go to New York it was a family thing
and she left me with this family that
happened to be baptist and and the
sunday that i was there it was just
really a fact a lot of weird stuff
happened they woke me up in the middle
the night said that I was acting like I
was possessed and I went outside I was
trying to outside and I punched someone
and then I did like this weird like
ranti mumbly thing and I was like oh I
did and then on Sunday Suber it on
Sunday they were like you need to become
Baptist you need to convert to being
Baptist or you will go to hell forever
and like then they like literally tried
to convert me behind my family's back
and I'm like literally just there they
have their hands on my head they're like
saying like all this crazy stuff and I'm
just closing my eyes like oh my god my
parents left me or my mom left me with
the craziest fucking family on the
planet okay so every time I see a horror
movie where it's just like these kids
that can't get out of situation I'm like
oh I like I get scared but so growing up
I had this this weird idea about about
God and especially demons and you know I
mean these days i don't i don't really
believe in all that or at least you know
the classic idea of God about one of
these people that are like I'm spiritual
I just know that there's this I feel
like there's something much bigger or
something that we don't understand
whether it's you know something
spiritual or it's just something like
you know like back in the day like oh
man wouldn't it be cool if we could fly
like that didn't hop onto people's minds
like they were like oh there are birds
kind of like well you know maybe in the
future will think like hey remember how
we used
think that that light was like the
fastest thing in the world and then it
turned out not to be and then we found
out about the fifth dimension and that's
where I were all the creepy shit that we
thought was and I don't know I feel like
a lot of the stuff that goes with
religion or mysticism stuff like that I
really just things that we don't
understand and that we try and put
labels and explanations on I don't know
I have I have no problem with religion
in fact I would like to maybe try and go
to church just just 44 like the
community aspect but yeah I don't know
what your opinions are I know that I can
come off a rash on the main show and
sometimes even you guys said in the
comments it seems like there are two
people like me on the show and then me
on the vlogs and that they really are
the same person it's just different
extremes like ones like super like on
your face and the other ones you know or
of me relaxed but I don't what are your
thoughts on it I mean obviously i'd like
to think certain things about the world
but i don't know just some thoughts for
your Thursday morning or afternoon or
whatever time it is but yeah I'm gonna
go fill me in a filter Franco show and
maybe choke Matt to death um possibly
poor Matt oh but remember what what what
age do you think is two questions today
hey I'm gonna go love you long time
oh oh you guys can add me on ping if you
want even though I don't think anyone's
gonna use it cuz it's kind of boring
right
