a journal it's Wednesday
I only see in the comments people always
ask me when I'm going to marry my
girlfriend Phil don't you love her you
should marry her put a ring on it didn't
you hear that song by Beyonce
the thing with marriage is it's
terrifying to me it's one of the most
well it should be one of the most
permanent things on the planet it should
be it should be what am I looking for it
should be permanent glue but it's
kindergarten Elmer's for blabbity blah
glue that's what that's what it really
seems like it's it's putting a contract
on to something and growing up I kind of
blame I kind of play my dad but I blamed
my dad for a lot of good and a lot of
bad me but he kind of terrified me about
a marriage he's like good old pregnant
doesn't mean you got to marry her and
like like literally he's talking about
the situation with me and I'm like well
thank you Dad I'm glad to know that I'm
part of the biggest mistake of your life
yeah I love my dad is probably one of
the he's probably the best person I know
to me people so what I want to talk
about is is love is love because
marriage isn't isn't a sign of love it I
mean it's meant to be but the way I see
it is if I'm going to marry anyone it's
it's gonna be Lindsay Lindsay is really
the only person that's ever fully gotten
me and I mean even times obviously
everyone doesn't get everyone all the
time and I don't know I just I feel I
feel like I'll do it because I know that
I wouldn't do it in general if she
didn't want to do it either but I know
that she wants like a big wedding and
you know and in my mind I don't see
myself ending up with anyone else you
know I I see myself if if marriage
wasn't even a thing just you know being
with Lindsay and the thing that people
need to realize is that a monogamous
relationship you know a one-on-one
relationship really isn't a one-on-one
relationship it's it really isn't
because you're dating the person that
or now and if you stay with that person
for a long time
you're dating everyone they will be you
know because people change I've been
with Lindsay come November first three
years three years we are nowhere near
this is our the same people that we were
at the beginning of the relationship
we've probably changed minimum five
times me maybe fifteen times so there's
really never a monogamous relationship
but the thing that you have to worry
about is when you're in a bad
relationship because you don't have to
just deal with who they are now or who
they are but like after sometimes you
have to deal with who they were before
stuff from their past
you know like baggage comes back and
starts affecting your life or herpes
that's always probably a bad thing I
wouldn't know that fucking knock on wood
that she doesn't pick up her feet from a
toilet seat that's not how it works if
someone says that to you they're like oh
my lifelong romantic involvements thank
God that you're not I mean that everyone
changes because if I was the same person
that I was back in the day I would be an
emotional infant like unable to handle
shit like okay so let's go into TMI
let's let's share I like sharing on this
to this vlog and I think you know you
guys share too and it's oh no it's
interesting it's interesting because I
think you guys end up knowing me more
than a lot of people know me which is
kind of weird I lost I lost my virginity
I believe when I was 17 I don't even
remember these days I don't even I'm so
bad at like remembering anything from
the past I think I think my brains like
it sucked it's sucked I'm just leaving
room for new stuff
I'm just leaving room so I lost my
virginity to this girl that I kind of
liked you know I wasn't obsessed with I
just kind of I was at that point where I
was like I want to get rid of this I
want to get rid of the vCard and super
regretted it afterwards but even though
I only got like kind of liked her after
having sex I felt these weird things
like that was the best 23 seconds of my
life I was like I must love this girl
and I didn't at all I didn't want to
meet her parents that it was just use
this let's just do this light was like
he found like something new like you
just but that didn't work out and and
then after that I was like oh
one of those dudes that dates like three
girls the same time and so for that what
that was for me is I went on three
separate dates with three different
girls and I talked to them on the phone
and then I was like why would I do this
ever I don't like people why would I
keep more of them around me and so I
ended up just dating one of them for two
years didn't end up work and we we tried
the whole playing house thing eventually
and and going to college at the same
time that was a big mistake
like I said emotional and mental midget
at this point and then there was this
hole then there was chaos I actually
talked about one of the stories in
today's main show and I know and then
Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay its kind of it's
it's kind of it's kind of interesting
how things how things play out the
choices we make the roads it leaves a
step the roads they lead us down I can't
talk with everyone else but everyone out
there no do not do not feel like you
need to get married I don't think that
it should be a goal I think you should
find love and if you want an attribute
of your relationship to be that you have
a piece of paper declaring one's love
and also that if you break the agreement
that the both parties should be able to
get shit their shit your shit you know
just shit in general and I don't know
don't don't let the paper define you
don't let anything to find you you know
because all the relationship is is a
bunch of good and bad moments and
hopefully if you chose the right person
there's more good than bad yeah and I
mean that in a sense of time more good
situations than bad ones not like really
amazing situations and then a bunch of
shit like very few situations that are
amazing but then like mostly suck
that's just anyway that's that that's my
view on it but I don't know I don't know
love it's crazy sometimes I wish I
didn't care about people
I feel like compassion I wish I could be
a sociopath we talked about this before
I don't know but I do love Lindsay more
than I
more than I've ever loved anyone that
I'm not related to yeah I loved it I
loved to know more about you make video
responses people I love I love the
comments right and they make the videos
more popular but I love video responses
yeah just just give me a little insight
into who you are sorry I'm gonna go cuz
yeah words
