for example and a quick look under desk
you actually made this Vint you know
this is official certified restraining
order in the comments and people saying
that you might murder me
I made this line so that there's
boundaries that you can't cross because
you considered a deadly weapon did you
okay
why are there two number ones on here
what the hell did you do did you like
copy and paste a bunch of other shit and
then just do it also know that that's
the officials restraining order I got it
at the police department sign this
yeah you know I know what a signature it
looks like right yeah yeah Hong Kong's a
vegetable
yeah that's good all right so he's gonna
yep so you don't cross this line just
from around safety and but make sure you
talk Laos have to fill me from the
distance now you know what about you sec
hey you feel about all this
do I have to talk loud - oh my god
that's the loudest you you ever spoken
then see that coming did ya oh really I
was always smiling and happy drinking
you talking like this or no like 2012
Zach Mac in Bible College Bible College
yeah Bible School like when you were a
kid no like College
tell us your favorite passage oh it's
gotta be Jeremiah did you hear in my
head - Jeremiah another one alright have
a blessed day
comparing on the brick wall said for a
fun little challenge we got coming up I
don't think I'm not ready to divulge all
the secrets but it's gonna be fun
we're taking down York City putting up a
new set okay cool I'm gonna run a time
lapse in here just because it sounds so
fun yes it's gonna be very tasteful are
you just doing that like right now well
we're about to start putting the brakes
up we just got to a good point so if you
want to start we can put up the brakes
and everyone can see it's not a pun it's
just okay cut to the time-lapse you
stopped him from cutting away to do it
I like I'm not gonna cut right at when
you did that oh that's gonna be the most
what the hell are we doing we're about
to go to rocket fizz to pick up some
very interesting tasting sodas for a fun
little challenge that's being played
usually I do these chips with Brianna
so both there is entertainment oh yeah
okay with you right yeah hope your car
is nice and clean Brianna's hmm yeah
very good I gonna miss ya guys yeah I
think so okay all right great
all right I'm gonna judge you based on
oh yeah I'm not trying to Barris anyone
my car has the most random stuff in it
it would drive you friggin say that's
what the place we're going to rocket
fizz is famous for having like every
flavor of soda that exists basically if
it's a thing it's that and I'm looking
forward to it I wonder if they have like
piss soda like flip soda let me go what
so died that clips or if you just try
being shower you got athlete's foot
here
know the different cap colors here this
one is really spicy
we've been specifically instructed to
get this one oh my god I just want all
the candies yeah what do you got do you
tell what these are
they look like they're two completely
different things
one of these tastes sweet and delicious
one of these tastes probably like that
game sodas fine
come on Jenna freaking bright Cola and
we're good
I'm very happy we got six very uh very
unique sodas right here anyway it's not
clear what it's not beer no let's get
the hell out of here then okay yeah
finally go the store yeah there has to
be there's rules that you know the
document says we could follow the
restraining order said we could follow
but well this will be it will be okay
I'll let it slide this time because I
don't have a car with me I ride my bike
in school to school all right so when
they'll be going
you'd be distance so I asked I have a
plan I thought college it was close but
it's like
yes you you have a sponge what is a
sponge doing right okay so have you
scrub daddy no scrub daddy makes bigger
sponges now they're great sponges is it
wet no what what what does it usually
with can establish the boundaries of
which you cannot cross think that works
right about there and I'm gonna wear
this helmet just in case if you try to
use some type of hard object on my head
we are not gonna dignify your helmet
with the response as I'm about to say
some really roots all right so what are
we doing we are going to buy our time
but what we are gonna get some
pampers we are fulfilling one of the
strings beats L said he was gonna do
some pampers first so we're gonna eat
some peppers and we're gonna watch some
hooking up not today we're prepping so
we're gonna get peppers a little milk a
tub of ice cream that's just for me and
something else I forgot already
it's all this for Phil surprise here's
the thing no one hates me
like I hate me right right that's it I
hate myself the most hey your old self
through your return so for also I just a
very negative person oh there are days
where people ask why is the only thing
you did on Twitter linked out to your
videos won most of that's automated you
know that we've set it up in advance and
- it's because I made myself promise oh
no that's lame all you fucking people
work for that person I just want to
point that out as you said you've
evolved and grown into a new person no
no I'm actually still that guy I just
got fatter okay I think got more
handsome you looked kind of weird there
you look like a stupid little man right
now let me see that what the heck am I
doing with my pinky pink ring is the new
black is the title of this alright it's
obviously a well thought out title that
is meant to say that people are making
false claims so much it's almost in
fashion or I don't know just give me the
hand movement let's let's let's do a
remake 10 years in the making come on
Phil let's see it now
am i doing it with the hand what do the
hands do it am I am i hitting really
high bongo drums
this hand is closed and this hand is
someone one of these yeah you do like a
claw to claw you know let's just see if
they'll come on give me second of all I
need a second I know that's all you I've
watched our fidget spinner video which
is literally two seconds of footage I
know it's what is that I have you
raising your hand like this and yeah
just like okay we got it
people make magic out of that once they
say that is little Park it's like pure
hatred not like gentle smile hatred if
you hear a bump at three o'clock in the
morning it's not just in your head what
kind of bump is it so more like gonna
scratch bump kind of bump is it a
physical bumper is it noise it's a fat
808 bass drop that's what it is you
fucking broke it you broke Bryan Bryan
is where your request for the office
that you don't have to be in the same
room will be taking his shirt off and
changing his pants or something every
other day area desk we're gonna share
one it's gotta be at my oh shit I'll
just go on like your shoulders yeah yeah
yeah BabyBjorn yeah that'd be great
I Phil I like that sneaky Audi all right
god bless ya
