I know if you can see it but there is
there's the moon I love that so much
during the morning you see the moon it
reminds me of
my childhood every Monday my dad would
have me because he had custody on the
weekends like a lot of dads did and he
drives me over the bridge and a lot of
times you I don't you'd see the moon
then I really never never noticed it
kinda it's funny what your brain
associates with other things for some
reason I don't know why very few people
know this either my brain associates
chocolate with extra sketches
specifically when I see an etch-a-sketch
I think of chocolate they crave
chocolate strangest thing I don't know
makes me wonder what happened to me as a
child so yesterday we were talking about
a or I was talking about insecurity and
then you guys were talking about
insecurity in the comments and lot of
people are like to fill don't be don't
be insecure but I mean it's not like
it's this it's this uncalled for thing I
mean we all need to be insecure
sometimes it's unjust but sometimes you
know you're insecure about something
then you hate it then you change it I
mean that's that isn't that kind of what
we've been doing on a plot still down 12
pounds by the way wow that bird almost
hit me and yeah I mean here's the thing
is I'm very the reason I'm
self-conscious or I'm like oh my god I'm
so we're is cuz it's new you know it's
new it's not easy it's it's a whole
different experience but that's that's
the fun of being alive as being unsure
but the same time I'm I am awesome at a
lot of things but let's change where
this blog is going because I want to
talk about I live awesome it's tough for
a few minutes if you want to UM and if
you want to see more blocky stuff my
girlfriend vlogs I think I mentioned
that and she's put out a few videos
there but it kind of funny how you get
to see us and differently and i'll put a
link down below in the description but
let's move on whatever this is why it
looks ridiculous what we'll do it anyway
so yesterday I told you about the the
moderator panel and I was
like hey just you know if you want me to
talk about something whatever blah blah
blah blah so I thought I'd do a bunch of
them really fast first one is discovery
sounds fuck you can't see that Canyon
yeah talk by a relationship with
raywilliamjohnson curious how you guys
perceive each other after watching your
RWJ spoof from back another well I mean
it's like you said it's a spoof and you
know what I you know what back in the
day I did have a problem in the back of
my head because I was like oh we're all
gonna get in trouble because because
fair use this fair use that but you know
I realized I was stupid of me and that
was a jerkish of me you know people are
gonna do what they're gonna do and all I
should really care about is mine so uh I
uh I haven't watched one of those videos
in a while but he's rocking it and one
of youtuber rocks it it's good for the
rest of us at least that's how I see it
now so yeah I mean I'd say that's
probably a dick you know that's what i'm
saying that's probably a dick yeah but
you know that's that's what comes with
the philip defranco show sometimes I'm a
douche bag and sometimes you're to go
hey I was a douchebag but sometimes I'm
right that happens every now and then
about one in every cent episodes what
Matt dude what look I found a sinner
yeah another shot with stealing your way
she call anyway um so the next one is
way for its for the sake of stopping all
these questions just tell us about the
clocks that's probably that's probably
one of the most one of the most asked
questions and so the clocks here we are
and there's one that that's set to the
wrong time that's usually just to annoy
you crazy OCD mother fuckers and get one
day I was like you know what I hate the
white wall and I hate what I wrote on
the wall and I hate blah Blee blah blah
blah just hate and I was like let's
let's do something with it was
originally going to be boxes and I was
gonna spell out like PDFs boxes and then
I was like now I don't have to drill
into my wall and like these just take
one thing and then I was like clocks cuz
you know no matter what time in the
world's it is when you're watching it's
philip defranco time and then I was like
now that's that's really annoying
because they're also
times and it was like distracting and
then so I just said a mole to five
o'clock because that's the time that i
posted videos so in the back your mind 5
p.m. eastern that's what I'm hoping I'm
training you like a dog is what I'm
doing no not really but yes but no yes
will you continue videos even up a
little bit Franco comes along oh my god
are you serious yes wait it's not manual
focus now it's not yes are you serious
if if Shay Carl and the shaytards have
shown us anything is that there is a
market for cute and adorable nests and
if I have a baby I'm literally going to
make a channel that is comprised of
nothing but my baby and my two dogs and
every Friday they'll go on crazy
adventures to stop crime and I'll voice
the characters yeah I promise that I'll
do that if my show is done by them yeah
yeah I'm gonna call it the most adorable
channel on the internet especially
youtube youtube.com slash that yeah look
forward to it in 12 years because I'm
not giving anyone babies until then
because I enjoy my life I really do I
really do enjoy my life and yeah I would
be able to go on scuba lessons this
weekend if I had a baby or I could but
then I feel bad because you know you
leave them home and then like we need to
eat them lock too bad I can't afford a
sitter fucker i'll go into scuba lessons
why don't my voice turn like that i
don't know but of course like i said if
you want me to talk about anything
specific go to that moderator panel send
video responses such as things words and
maybe i'll talk about it if if if i'm
running late on my show and I'm like I
need to talk about something oh my god
so i'll do that but yeah much love to
you guys still down 12 pounds and I'm
probably with house hot this room is
almost without five more it's just today
so yeah I'll see it let me go check out
the show oh and there's new black box TV
episode I think it might be the best one
yet Boosie okay love you guys
Oh
