hello spinny journal thingy hi so um
wait where's the light no that's not the
light let us go with this leg so my last
vlog was just too wanted an unedited
clips with some music thrown opens up
that I felt made everything dramatic and
then it got really interesting reactions
a lot of people are like it made me want
to cry a lot of people like we're really
like oh this is cool some people are
alive what's with the game music bag and
I know it was really it was early really
really really interesting to see what
you guys thought of the the whole
process a lot of people felt I was
reading off a script though that's why i
was looking off but it's not the store
the way it works is in the morning i
wake up at like 630 in the morning i got
all my my feeds up I uh I keep them
ready I go run get breakfast you know
kind of just like wake up and then I you
know I research the stories I verify
some of them like I like it's like DNA
coding for apples I'm not going to
really need to verify oh there's a story
I don't think there's like some evil DNA
mapping of Apple conspiracy I don't
where is there how do I and so I
research the stuff and then I think you
know what am I going to say and then I
literally just I turned on the camera
which is over here let's see my little
my canon 5d I should have gotten a 70
because I mainly is it for video but i
do like to do still photographers some
time and then so what I do is I turn on
the camera right right here and then it
connects through hdmi to the screen
because I can't see what I look like and
the focus is so harsh that that you
really do just you have to have
something to look at and I an extra TV
and I was like well I'm not going to pay
five hundred dollars to get like a
little monitor so that's what I'm
constantly looking at I'm just making
sure that I'm centered making sure that
I'm in focus and yeah and that's so
that's why I look off and I just look at
myself and I kind of get lost in thought
and when I'm thinking my face kind of
just goes like open mouth which really
you know it could be like thoughtful or
can be sad it really just depends on
like the mood so I think it was greatly
swayed by the music that I used and a
lot of people thought I was said I don't
want to kill myself at least these days
but yeah that's that's generally how the
show is done I film for about an hour
more time probably goes into the
research and a lot more time goes into
the editing of the show and yeah so
that's let's both DeFranco show I've
been kind of blessed the past week
there's been a lot of news so we've been
able to do a larger show which a lot of
you seem to seem to enjoy anyone there's
a lot of stuff a lot of stuff and things
but i thought i'd share that with you
but I didn't just want to talk about how
I do the show some of you already kind
of had an idea and so let's let's go
over to the weekend this weekend was
interesting because I went to this thing
called a gifting suite I had I had no
idea these things existed it was just
one of the gifting suites for the Emmys
and so what a gifting suite is is this
place where companies literally paid to
be there so that they can give free
stuff to celebrities and in hopes that
you know maybe they talk about it or
they you know they get photographed with
it or something and so somehow the
referendum a friend of a friend it was
like hey you should go to the one of
these things I think you'd get a kick
out of it and I went and I'm probably
one of the most awkward people to be
around I am I had this huge like mental
crisis you know I felt really awkward
and really nervous because it you know
it's Hollywood so even even the interns
everyone is beautiful everyone is
beautiful and I'm like on this you know
I'm this you know this dilly fuck I'm
just like this there's doughy fuck with
an Internet show and I'm in this room
and I don't I don't know how to how to
be you know I feel like there's I have
like this this crisis and then you know
my buddy Tony is like no he's like you
realize that you know all these young
beautiful people they ninety-eight
percent of them burn out you know and
they they want to be in a position where
you are and it's I know it's just it's a
weird thing you know it's I don't know
grow it growing up I was always like
I don't know I was insignificant and
it's weird when people in the real world
you know they treat me like I matter I
know and I still kind of like that I'm
very I'm not fully sure of myself I'm
sure of myself in some ways but you know
in that world I still remain unsure of
myself and humbled so I think I'd like
to think that it's beneficial but anyway
sorry I've like like let's go into my
mind I don't know I just I feel like I
it helps for me to talk about it to the
camera to the world maybe one of you
relate and it's good that way because
it's all about relating and of course ma
day apparently according to fucking
every article that was written the past
few weeks which what makes me move on to
UM this this chicken thing i want to say
her name is Helen AAS Parker I think so
and she wrote this on this article on
the tail end of the whole youtubers
making money thing and she doesn't talk
about youtubers making money which you
know I endured I I even understand
writing about it the original article
got like five million views you know all
the other articles got tons of use and
but she just goes on and she like she
literally bashes everyone and you know
she's she's rude for the sake of being
rude in hopes that it will be perceived
as funny but it just comes off like oh
wow look this bitch is like just
annoyingly jealous it's super Adam and I
was like how is this on MSNBC look bitch
you ain't writing for I hope they serve
beer in hell you're writing for your
writing for MSNBC the old crazy bitch
with a bad dye job son of a bitch so
yeah so that was fun and then um what
else i'm still doing good I'm now down
12 pounds and it's a slow progress and
you know I'm feeling good and I think
that's really it I'm gonna I'm gonna go
do the show and I thought I'd share some
stuff with you if there's a there's
anything they think that a or not you
think that you want to want to see me
share blah Blee blah I always look to
the the moderator page on youtube.com
slash philip defranco which is just the
channel page for this for ideas of what
you want me to talk about but of course
I'm just gonna talk about what I talk
about it maybe throw something that you
said and anyway I'm gonna cock mouth and
I need to go from the show love you boy
