hello Val kitty people um so today I
wanted to talk about the MTG list it's
also kind of like the pyramid that we
talked about now the mpg list is not
miles per gallon but it means my
personal goals and I want you to do this
because I feel like you know we talked
about it but I really want to show you
so on this triangle you're gonna do
something for um one week right then one
month three months one year and finally
five years that's the top of the pyramid
for now for now so you have something
that looks like that right then you're
like what what goes into the pyramid
okay so one week from now i have eat
healthy and maybe finish talks just
business stuff right that's what i want
to do i just want to continue eating
healthy continue running which i've been
doing this week and i am now back to 10
pounds under which is good because i
have kind of faltered for a while so yes
your us I've been doing couch to 5k so
if you uh if you want to join me on that
do it it's a cool app and it's also easy
to do if you just have a wristwatch
either way so one month one month from
now I want to be down in additional 10
pounds right that's that's my goal right
now that's my goal now keep in mind you
need to keep these semi-realistic and if
you don't achieve them don't worry but
at least at least for the most part
achieve them and just strive for it so
right now i have okay i want to have 10
less pounds and then I want to what else
do i want i want to do two more deals
that i'm happy about that I'm happy
about if I don't that's great i'm not
i'm not going to be desperate about but
uh oh two more deals say have tax
situation fixed and done okay have that
done already what went through those
steps that's good
three months from now i want each video
to be back up to a million views I kind
of screwed myself on views because I was
like I'm here I'm there I'm here the
show is over but not really it's this
and that and there was this whole
headache that kind of screwed me for a
while so I want the philip defranco show
in three months to average once again 1
million views right now it's at like 600
700 thousand which is awesome and I
thank my core audience for for sticking
through the chaos but yeah so in three
months I want 1 million views and let's
by that time let's have been down 20
pounds right the just goals that I want
it from a year from now I want to be at
my goal weight right i want it i want to
have been of my goal weights and if i
didn't reach my goal weight I want to be
at least much healthier like if because
I have more muscle I can't reach that
that ideal weight in my head then I'm
fine right so and I want you to do this
with me not just listen to me slowly go
through it so I'm at my goal weight
right and I want my my company to have
let's see we have the philip defranco
show much shows i want to have five
awesome shows under my belt will have
will have three in about three months so
i want to have about five awesome shows
right um we have philip defranco show we
have a hand in blackboxtv which is doing
awesome and you guys have been loving
that the second episode of course went
up yesterday so so continue to check
that out it's really fun it's really
cool to not have to just try and be
funny and like people just like some of
them are confused but a lot of them get
it and it's super fun and I definitely
think that no matter where you are your
life how stressed you are definitely
always try something new whether it's
small like trying to just learn how to
juggle three things right like just
three tennis balls see if you can do
that or something big like learning a
new language just you know something
something else in five years I want to
own the internet I don't know five years
is always hard five years you either
over like you super underestimate
because five years is a long time five
years ago i made like six thousand
dollars here i was paying my way through
college it's up my cry it's still
from that and you know i did one of
these very long time ago and i
accomplished most of the stuff within
the year actually superseded it and it
just it helped it helps you you know and
i think you should constantly change
this thing so right now it just looks
like a bunch of a chicken scratch but i
definitely think that that that this
this pyramid will really really really
really really really helped you a lot of
people say what do you attribute to your
success um like everything everything's
a little lucky you know you know no
matter how hard you strive sometimes you
have to have a little luck you have to
you have to know some people you have to
be motivated but really everything comes
down to planning it really does so the
see they're interesting to you or you're
like go yourself though either way
with this video I hope it i did i hope i
hope the roomba i hope it helps and yeah
love you guys long time
