hema I'm just I'm just editing what are
you up to I'm at work I decided to be
called the Heather found it the third
question there to the cock-eyed open up
80 g is Shane Dawson talk you later
loving you cause you such a good mama
lovin you is easy cuz I don't live with
you it's so much easier now cuz I don't
live in your house I love you but hey
the ball so a game I like to play is a
fetched my dogs you know something
something that gives them a little
attention they feel loved but at the
same time I don't know it helps me not
be a lazy ass when I'm inside today even
though it's a beautiful day i'm probably
going to be inside doing fun business
stuff just because everything's a little
chaotic now but um it's kind of a mix of
fetch what I play with my dogs with tag
put into the mix I don't know it's it's
fun for them and it's fun for me and it
gets me sprinting in a way that's now
that super boring and I can give my dogs
a little attention Sam now you go too
soon
you
