hey guys so the video was gonna go up
yesterday and then I got I got hurt
while running and then so Lindsey
scheduled a a chiropractor appointment
and so I went in and apparently the
reason I have lower back pain I mean
because I already know that one big guy
so everything's gonna be a little at
first or at least this far into it and
so apparently and I never really
realized this I have flat feet so
apparently when I'm running because I'm
running and there there's like this
weird like my my feet go in it like
turns the lower part of my back and it
adds stress and blah Blee blah so he
gave me some some exercises to fix my
posture and I'll probably need some some
insoles I already wear insoles but so
I'll just need specifically made insoles
and I don't have to wear those club
shoes like the like that's that would
been terrifying as a child if they had
like been like oh you have terrible feet
here are these giant shoes where people
make fun of each other like yay even
more awkward even more awkward you know
I do definitely recommend couch to 5k
they do not sponsor me I just I'm really
loving it right now because it's um you
know it's helping my my endurance my
stamina for running and you know stamina
moves to other places and stamina is
never a bad thing guys unless your penis
is spiked with spiked dildos that have
spikes and fists that punch vaginas then
you should not have stamina in fact you
should probably get that checked out I
don't even know what I'm talking about
but today I might go to the beach I'm
taking I'm taking this weekend easy
because the next three weeks are gonna
be another long haul bitch fest of
Awesomeness and I'm such I was a Joe
whiner there we go and so today I'm
gonna be looking for a a new place this
place has been awesome I've gotten to
live near the beach for a year and
that's great but you know it's that time
or it's like okay I need a bigger place
I'm not quite ready to buy
yet just because I keep reinvesting all
my money back into the company but you
know just I need a bigger place so that
all the people that are working with
with us can can meet in one place so
hopefully the place that we're seeing
the pictures look great online it's
double the size this place
because it's not near the beach it's the
same price so it's it's it just seems
like a smart move so I'm gonna check it
out today hopefully yeah hopefully the
family has a home oh and last thing
yesterday I saw piranha 3d all I can say
is avatar cameras plus naked Kelly
Brook's / Kelly Brooke with clothes on
was amazing but it's also a good movie
in the sense that it's like it's a
b-movie
that knows it's a b-movie and it kind of
embraces it and it's it's it's good in
the sense of it's it's stupid fun it's
just stupid stupid fun with tits and ass
thrown in that's what it is the fingers
crossed this place works out and you
know I'll still I'll still come to the
beach I love the beach too much to not
do it it's plus I have a gold-plated jet
pack made of baby seals according to
Yahoo Finance news who reran that money
story so yep okay love you long time
I'll see you next time
