so a few things for today's blog first
thing is a official day 2 of project
lose an Olsen twin 2.27 three xqr I'm
doing good today I lived some weights I
am been eaten rather healthy and
minimizing my meals again and a big
thing for me is a using a product called
colon cleanse it's just fiber that's all
it is and I don't like bran muffins and
blah blah blah and yeah yeah if you're
coming from the philip defranco show or
if you're just checking in the other
thing i want to talk about today was
there was this article that came out
about the the top 100 or top 10 paid
youtubers in the past year and first off
I'm going to say their their estimates
are off most definitely aww I mean
raywilliamjohnson isn't even on the list
he's probably got the most views over
everyone in the past year now I was
raised that it wasn't really proper to
talk about money but I've been getting
so many messages from viewers you know
just unwelcome questions about money
main thing is I was going to go into
detail but then I realized there's
there's really no no reason to um you
know the the estimates are off and
whether I made um like ten thousand
dollars a year or I made 20 million
dollars here I hope that it wouldn't
change people's opinion out of me
because hopefully I'm not the money and
my wallet and I'm not like the things I
own which i think is a lot of people
think nowadays all I really know is I
bust my ass I get to live somewhere nice
I get to take care of my family and I
hope one day to own a seadoo that's
that's really it i set my i set my goals
low ish and yeah so i don't even really
think i should achieve anything else i'm
just gonna sell my car and buy a seadoo
anyways I'm gonna go a club some baby
seals and I actually have to go to
meetings I'm so excited
it yay but um yeah I'm gonna go for a
run tomorrow and I'll try and take you
with me so you can see my fat ass sweat
shoot
