oh hi so I'm going to I think Sammy is
what they called them out here or a wolf
camera I don't know to get some stuff
and things I thought we could chat so as
you might have noticed if you follow the
vlogedy on a regular basis I haven't
really been posting and part of its been
because you know I'm busy but that only
goes to an extent a lot of it I feel
like is I felt I felt bad I felt a
shameful for the you know that when I
went to Vegas I didn't you know I didn't
stick hardcore it up to plot and I drank
and you know everyone's allowed to have
fun but I felt bad because I was like I
don't know I feel like I I fell all is
it fell off the wagon I don't know I you
know I had this huge huge huge huge
speed bump I wasn't listening to my own
advice that you know you can mess up and
jump right back on and now so I'm back
and I ended up not and so I've been
eating bad stuff and yesterday I got
super sick like I'm super sick right now
and and my body is a key it's not even
sort just you know that like your hair
stands up and you feel everything like
ten times more sensitive and so I'm
right there right now and I can't help
but feel like it's because you know I
stopped taking care of myself as much as
I had been for the past like four weeks
and so yeah I just want to say for all
of those of you that have been you know
following and watching let's let's
reboot it project lose an Olsen twin I'm
still down nine pounds well that's where
you boot it let's stick to it everyday
and bye Lex and us and blah Blee blah I
mean me stick to it I've been watching
some of you guys so you guys have lost
like 25 pounds and so it's like it's
rien spired man so let's consider this
read a one of project Lewis and Olsen
twin
so that's what that cable does yeah so
I'm gonna take a back that I'm pretty
much gonna lay in bed for the rest of
the day my body is just just hurting so
you know soups liquids lots of water
which is kind of you know insinuated
when I say liquids out of it
sorry my mind just went to 18 dirty
places yeah
love you guys long time and yeah make
sure you check out the philip defranco
show today I wanna go to sleep now so
you won't make out
