hello people that watch the velocity and
actually more almost more importantly an
odd future Philip DeFranco who is going
to be watching this future Phil what do
you look like future Phil do you look
like me pretty look completely different
I don't know maybe we got those lady
gaga I implants that'd be pretty fucking
scary ready brah I wait why am I even
doing that ok I can't edit it I'm doing
it on the iphone so today he's been a
very relaxed day I'm at home at home I'm
in the hotel room alone ready to go to
sleep I told Lindsay to go out because a
Wanda bang hookers actually no because I
wanted her to enjoy her her last night
here I gotta drive in the morning and I
don't want to do it hungover or tired
and my body's just generally tired I've
had a really good four days today I
usually do this with my vacations I last
my last full day I just relax I'm just
like yeah I could do Vegas type of
things here but I'm gonna lay in bed all
day and the only time I actually left
bed was I went on the new york new york
coaster and then i watch scott pilgrim
and that was awesome it was a great
movie and I've always been one of those
people that you know I feel like I felt
for a very long time that if I was
having a relaxing night even though if
nothin to anything else was going on in
the world I would be one hundred percent
content if I knew someone else was
having like a crazy awesome party I'd
like oh I'm missing out even though i
love i love rest because especially
considering what life is normally like
and um you know I felt bad about it feel
longest time I was like I'm wasting time
I should know rest is amazing it is it's
in fuckin tastic sorry I keep looking in
the background I'm like oh hey look
there's that 80-pound bag that helped me
not move my neck I've had to carry that
bag every time we had to move it's
lindsay's bags filled shoes and other
useless shit that she didn't he was
ninety percent of the time i don't i
don't know i'm sure ladies I understand
you know you have to accessorize but
just I don't know limit your outfit to
two colors so then maybe you could I
don't know not bring 30 shoes I
maybe that's a possibility I don't know
haha anyway future Phil we are having a
good time we're uh you know we're
getting better I probably you know
probably gained two or three pounds I'll
be honest you know I haven't eaten as
healthy as I should have I've I've drank
alcohol and you know it's nothing that I
can't bounce back from we can't bounce
back from and yeah I don't know
especially you know it sucks because
it's one of the reasons I really don't
hang out with that many loggers alright
necessarily that I just I'm not a big
fan of it is because the day after I
ends up going up on YouTube and seeing
like all these terrible angles and you
know it's it's how people are going to
see me in real life but it sucks because
I'm this work in progress and then you
see like oh my god I am so fat or like
I'm so bad in a certain way and you just
see it and then people comments on it
you're like boch like people are just
you know cuz I like to be like
sarcastically mean the people they just
they just go for the jugular and you
know I'll be honest I'm and anyone that
says like oh this doesn't affect me it's
because they're lying or you know you
you grow numb to it but when someone
says something that you're thinking
you're just like fuck me don't know
anyway i'm gonna i'm going to relax and
i'm going to jump back into being a good
boy tomorrow actually tonight you know
it's not there doesn't have to be a
deadline i'm gonna drink some water some
cranberry for for the old cuteness and
yeah go on my day
