stepping in the face oh it's uh day
three
technically in Vegas I think the only
ones awake we are yo you know cuz it was
like 10 o'clock last night and Lindsey
was black I'm just gonna I'm just 45
minutes before we go to the club what
John yeah cuz you look at me and you're
like oh I feel so excited about going to
the club
so she was laying down I was like how do
you wanna do you want to go like it
could be I think it could be awesome
because we're gonna get drunk and then
we're not gonna hook up with other
people
well that is useless yeah why would we
do that I have a perfectly good vagina
in my bed and that's not even mine not
yeah I don't even know it was insurance
second anyway it's been good
I haven't woke up with a hangover yet
but I don't know what it is about Vegas
I think maybe it's just the climate
change I've woke up every morning
feeling like my entire head did like has
no moisture whatsoever and I snored last
night and hog the covers yeah it's like
a double whammy and stuff but um yeah so
I know I haven't updated on the blog and
well just because yeah I don't really
have an excuse I think I just need to
like if I'm traveling I'm just gonna do
these like really low-quality iPhone
videos and when I'm at the house I'll
still have my regular camera cuz I just
don't want to edit HD video on my laptop
and oh look okay guys no we're on
vacation well be in my lap in my room on
my laptop for four hours okay I'll do
boy that's how I talk anyway yeah having
a good time in Vegas I'm happy so far
because I thought I broke even playing
blackjack but it turns out that in fact
I'm actually up $400 and I just I just
cashed out of the Hard Rock which has
been awesome it's actually been the only
place that
one money and yeah I tried to play
blackjack in New York New York and that
was pretty bad I lost $120 there and two
minutes three minutes it was pretty bad
and it was a $10 table like I just I've
never lost anything in my life that bad
and that fast
other than my virginity ha ha ha ha
anyway but ya know it it was crazy too
because the guy next to me he had lost
like 12,000 dollars and then we sat down
at the table and Ali was sitting next to
him and he all of a sudden like I I'm
down $700 and he's down and then he ends
up making $20,000 and I do less good but
oh and then Holly before being his good
luck charm
like what 375 dollars well I think it's
the thing is that it's like these little
chips you know there's like these tiny
little chips and it's $100 I just in
your hand it's this tiny little thing
and you're like oh it doesn't really
matter but he also had a stack of 500
can you imagine if you're playing with
real dollars it would be so much more
difficult it would be it would be harder
but that's the thing I was down $700 and
I was like well I guess I'm fucked and I
thought I pulled all the money out of my
pocket which wasn't sure and that's how
I found out I was actually up but I took
out like $400 and I just put it down and
I was like all on this and she's like um
and and then a 1 and then a 1 and then I
just kind of just chilled out oh no
well calm down calm down
I'm gonna go spousal abuse you um yeah
we're just gonna we're just gonna hang
out for a little go to the pool when
everyone wakes up at noon because they
did go out to the club Stu Stu I hope no
one bought a bottle I don't understand
how anyone pays $450 for a bottle at a
club anyway let me a longtime just want
to give you a little update and
now I'm gonna go sexes girl's face again
