dude Rihanna's face but you didn't have
a card if your camera it's the best
thing in the world I have to make sure
I'm recording and to make sure the
audios on you're on his face is every
ending shot in Kirby's and Joe turned on
the camera after 30 seconds of
conversation James said he's applying to
be Twitter verify oh wow
part of it would be hilarious you know
if James got verified and Amanda wasn't
oh okay thanks oh but it's not even that
it's the fact that lies Lindsey's still
not verified Lindsey Lindsey stride like
three times and she's like I have a show
that does this and then and then she
gets so angry when she sees like someone
that you've never heard of like with a
thousand followers at some news station
that's terrified that just like how I
know that I have a chance I work for a
news company I'm an editor people
contact me about stories you know they
won't know what's going on they wanna
make sure I want them to know that
they're contacting the right person and
they're gonna go to his timeline and
it's just hey watch me get drunk video
application like 20 minutes ago okay
just be so nice to have someone in the
office I could I could relate to
yeah so just like yeah I'm rooting for
you guys like those Twitter hookups pull
some strings for my Twitter
verifications actually entry into the
Illuminati we don't like to really talk
about it oh my name's you can't be I'm
gonna make a call to make sure you how
long they take the respond to the blink
research you do a background check
put your credit card number spider webs
on everything is immediately okay it's
Halloween themed yeah any spider would
put a web around
Luke are you in it this one no I'm the
sound check
I need him he's my crew he's on this
episode Philip DeFranco who's it be
Frank James and then Jason I haven't
done one yet that's like all boys yeah
it's a little boy in regards to the
story content this has been some of the
most gnarly then that same I'm so
emotionally
you ready Zack yes I will do my best
how's that your key deal go and corgi
they sound the same hey your key if I
wanted at your key I would buy a plane
ticket to New York and find the biggest
sewer rat I could get and I feel lose
some bad her to it in the New York you
sound you some kind of bitter is it not
working to your favor this whole
stuffers I mean no I'd be more better
about your keys I don't like them okay
even if this doesn't work out with
Stouffer's I'm gonna buy my own dog okay
just gonna find the right one you know I
can get a dog through Stouffer's that'd
be great
I'm open to other offers from any other
companies and servers kind of teasing me
along using oh do you not like to go
shopping
no just trying something new like some
tight-ass pants geez and you're still
wearing them you didn't put them on and
take them off here this sit-down tight
in the waist area knows I would say
absolutely don't do the black ones had
the prospect opportunity do they
stretchable no that's not a stretch
would you think about those pants so
even though they were skin tight on them
you thought it yeah they're certainly a
little tight so but you like the pants
in general are you saying that you like
the pants on him I think they're a nice
pants on him no I think you sew those
pants back those black ones were
probably smart Simpson two more betrayal
yeah really yes just go in the back and
no camera wrong sometimes no don't go in
the bathroom I can just want to go pro
all right another one another pair how
do you feel about this like these better
I have one complaint this isn't a zipper
this is just a bunch of buttons speak
you for the present Oh Joe but like I
couldn't see it I just like see you back
you're like no worries guys we're all
friends ooh they are now all right so
what about these again I don't even know
he's gonna let things happen looks so
intense
okay I don't know who that is actually I
don't I was like it's too tall to be Joe
hey this is someone's finished it is to
take it all in you seemed playing a
little bit to at home yeah you kept
going this is what I do on the weekends
now it's a camera do you want this I
feel like there have been five times
this week that every time I look outside
of the door look just look it's like
it's like at least this time there's a
weird ass clown that decided massage
this was the very last one at Party City
they got it out of the way way back
special cookies really they really do a
lot like this it's a one it's all I
wanted I told that my favorite feed bag
in Ryan I were talking was there was one
review and it was like half a star and
it said who would not buy again hard to
breathe anything it's hard to see tried
on all those girl clothes earlier today
and you found it I have my micron oh I'm
proud of you already better than Janice
I can't like turn a page and then like
lick your mouth and everyone be quiet
it's gotta be shut up just turn the page
and then do it again but lick your
fingers I can't grip it I've
seen so much of Jana's bodies today
good work shine that's what I did in
another diksha cargo pants or box
bathroom key Oh
why Joe that was your Mentos costume is
a shirt that says costume question is a
suit
reading gold or black and white oh
I can blur or the colors find that
bloomin goal didn't get it wait what was
the dress my boy Jason coming in sharp
he looks so good it looks like a jacket
well are you excited cuz I look like I'm
just like everyone's all prepped and
rocking I'm coming in like Marshawn
Lynch like I just don't want to be fine
I'm here I have a costume on I think
it's like along with I don't enjoy doing
anything different I like to eat nothing
with flavor I like to get eight hours of
sleep here's a boiled chicken of a
person that's the power of it
