oh ok so i just got back in from the the
final day of week one of couch to 5k and
i am feeling awesome my shins not huge
fans of me but me i am feeling awesome
i'm going to eat some breakfast right
here after I film this I've been
drinking a ton of water awesome but um
you know I can't just be like hey this
is what I did every day so what I did
was I am I started this moderator thing
youtube.com slash Philip DeFranco just
the channel page for what you're
watching right now which is the vlog
addey if you did not see the intro this
is not my name show didn't you know so I
I asked the question what topic would
you like me to talk about cover it could
be about myself it could be about you it
could be about life not necessarily
about a question just a topic just
something to rip off of and don't do
like this your life my life it sucked I
mean that it sucked a lot then it became
a little better than it was awesome and
then it was kind of kind of awesome you
can't be that vague because I really
don't know what jump on but this one I
will talk about today what do you see
yourself doing in the next five to ten
years holy shit I think I answered this
question about two years ago I want to
go into marketing and advertising but
because I feel that I have a first-hand
knowledge of how the internet works how
everything goes I wanted to go into
marketing and advertising and then I was
like no why would I ever do that what I
really like is what i do i love what i
do now if the philip defranco show
continued for 10 years that is an
amazing run I will most likely die or
eight but I love that I love talking
about the new is I love getting your
reactions from it and I'm no offense to
anyone else I'm awesome at it and one of
the best online if you can't say that
about what you do if you don't think
that what you do is awesome or it's good
then why are you doing it there's no
point lighting in this room is terror
but in five to 10 years I want to
continue doing what I'm doing and mainly
like building out
the family which is the network I get
excited when I sign these contracts and
where we're working with these these
really big people that finally
understand that YouTube an online is a
great medium and they need to be there
in some way shape or form and they want
to do it with real people not youtubers
that are trying to simulate what TV is
doing which plenty of people are doing
right now so into five to ten years
maybe with philip defranco show wouldn't
still be around but most likely have the
vlog because I love sharing with the
world I love sharing in some way shape
or form and i love that in the next
month or two that i'm going to be
rolling out all this extra amazingly
funny and good content and scary content
and this and that and I get to have my
hands and a lot of good things that are
going to be awesome I don't want anyone
to take this as me being cocky it's just
I'm proud of what I do and I'm proud of
the people i work with and I'm proud and
excited about all the things that i'm
going to do i'm still going to have down
days oh my god yes are you gonna try and
keep that positivity at a level that it
negates that negativity positivity
Trump's negativity one hundred percent
of the time unless it involves
multiplication so I guess not really one
hundred percent anyway if you want me to
cover a topic you know of course make a
video response sent to this video but
whether it's a text or video response
make sure you put it in that moderator
panel on youtube.com slash philip
defranco but anyways I'm gonna go eat
something healthy then I'm gonna do the
show and I'll do something else healthy
for real yo why am I talking like that I
don't even know I'm so gangsta I'm
confused ah Oh in one dad something
really good if you want to try and do
like a five year where am I gonna be
which you should answer as well try and
pyramid it cleaned out things a week
ahead a month ahead here ahead five
years ahead otherwise it's a long and
lonely road and you have to be the one
that decides am I gonna just tread water
or am I gonna fucking swim right love
you guys look I'm Shane Dawson
