so yesterday was an awesome day I went
to go kart world and guess what I am now
an official go cart driver so
technically I could get the same jobs as
anyone that got a business degree and i
can drive go carts that go 45 50 60
miles an hour legally whatever that
means it was fun i love go-karts it's
like this little little side thing in my
head you know I felt like a little
childish but there are dudes they're
like 50 years old like there were some
yeah dudes but they were you know there
was still older guys so I was like I
don't feel too bad about this huh and I
put my buddy at genuine joe into the
wall and by put him into the wall I mean
I took a turn way too fast and then I
like do a 360 there's my first time on
those on those specific ones because I'm
used to like k1 and Andretti which can
actually go that fast but you have so
many turns there aren't enough
straightaway so you end up going like 45
miles an hour into a tourney like our
shortener done this Joe ah and then you
uh get stuck and you're like kicking the
wall and it's embarrassing and then
you're just hoping that no one comes
around the blind turn at 45 miles an
hour and just t-bones you so that's
always a fun Z thingymajig but it was
late last night and we were having to
run everywhere because we had to
actually qualifying to get those
licenses and I was like wow I'm not
winded and like there are a few people
that were like super winded I actually I
hurt my my shins because after all that
I ran for like an hour my body is just
like still getting used to everything
and it's like why would you do this it's
someone chasing us with a knife no body
calm down we're just trying to go to go
karts what it feels like someone calm
down you're always overreacting I think
I'm gonna do it more often what I really
wanted to oh my god what I really want
to do I was talking to I was talking to
my buddy mighta and he was talking about
these big war games essentially it's
just um everyone's just you know paint
balling but it's like 25 verse 25 and
you're playing like protect the
president you're playing capture the
flag you're playing just Deathmatch and
it sounds awesome it's that it
essentially sounds like playing modern
warfare two putts in real life and I
want I want a paintball so bad now
so I think that's that's something that
I'm going to try and do in one of these
blog ease eventually this is mainly part
of me just trying to find things get me
out of the house because you know I it's
all good going on my roof and you know
doing free weights and you know running
but you know I want to do things that
are fun you know inactive and also you
know good for me anyways guys I hope you
are having an awesome monday if you want
to consume more youtube videos there's a
new PDS today a new LTA today and I
posted a blog lately last night so go
check out those links in the description
below ok let me long time wait side
don't this isn't a sponsorship thing sip
revolution for some reason the iphone
store is free so get it or don't ok bye
please
