oh hi what's up how you doing vlogging
I'm so sunburned it's ridiculous wait
let's fix it boom hey like my homosexual
douchebag shades awesome so it's gonna
give you a little Weekend Update since I
didn't do anything thursday or friday i
forgot the reasoning well let's make up
an excuse i was on fire for two days
straight which is it's a pretty hard
condition no one near me well it had
water they just decide not to throw it
on me which really points out the kind
of friends I have but it's been it's fun
it's been a good it's been a good couple
of days you know I am I've been doing a
couch to 5k and it's it's easier it's
getting easier and easier and rocking
that out of you if you follow me on
Twitter than you know and I just I just
want to thank God a map there um my
family um everyone that supported me
through the part time and I don't know
what I'm talking about it I not just win
the super bowl and look at the comments
now back to me now look at the comments
and back to me now this video is less
interesting than it was five seconds of
it I wanted to talk to you about
something that's very close to my heart
that is batman arkham asylum is having a
sequel and i'm excited about this this
is this is something that i'm looking
forward to it could because it comes out
in 2011 hopefully I'll have my xbox back
by then oh dear God my xbox challenge
should be accomplished by then and a
game informer released some some covers
and I was like oh this looks like I
really want to fuck someone in a
Catwoman outfit hello hey I'm gonna
shower Hades coming over huh um so I'm
gonna leave my phone with you huh ok huh
there's a call I'm trying to talk about
fucking someone that can't woman outfit
though you need to leave you need to
leave Lindsey hey Lindsey I really do
that one because i love the game too
because i haven't been able to get
anyone to dress up like harley quinn
from the first game mainly because it's
a lot of mishmash so I am gonna put out
casting call for some hot ladies in the
LA area if you would be down to dress up
an ad Catwoman I will take pictures of
you for free yeah you're welcome if
you're game send your email to i'm
totally not going to do things to your
face after i roofied your drink at
gmail.com it'll be cool or whatever I
have wine coolers and a really sweet
bean bag chairs let me know actually my
addiction to video games has really
helped me a lot and I feel awesome I
feel like I could do a little more than
I could two weeks ago so like run I went
kayaking alright this is so random i
really wish i had facial hair like
wheezy waiter makes me so hard anyway
I'm gonna go edit this video and watch
michael buckley and taryn southern do
teen choice awards i love those guys
anyways update me on how you are doing
and remember of course the plot hashtag
everything is in I'm going to steal it
the dooblydoo pants bar oh he stole two
things and then made them together
that's like half the show is on YouTube
anyway love you long time bar why do I
do that anyway
