incredibly no that is a terrible idea hi
Internet this is the pockety films on my
my my old laptop in iMovie oh six I'm
Ally HD look at that it still work
anyway
Matt's editing stuff on the ones and
tooth murder be on the ones and two I
don't know what I'm talking and I needed
I want to get a vlog up and I was like
wait a second I have a laptop so that
was an interesting story but anyway I
just wanted to say things are still
going well I am a 130 weight 130 yes I
cut my bottom half off that's I just
lost all the weight I'm at two thirty
four point six so its first time that
I've been over the net over the negative
ten pounds that's I have a smart boy and
yeah words stuff things exciting also I
want to thank all of you guys that have
been sending in video responses every
day or just starting and etc etc fuck I
always mess that up anyway people like
Tara but really that's actually how she
spells it don't judge me my name is Tara
and I wanted to tell you that you
inspired me
absolutely 100% to do the couch to 5k
thing because I've never been active
really I never have done a sport in my
entire life and I'm 19 years old right
now and a third year in college so I'm
very not fit
I mean I'm skinny but it's all there's
no muscle there so I love you for for
joining the college because yes even if
you're skinny even if you are Matt
whiney show them their room that it
doesn't necessarily mean that you're
healthy you just have less fat on you
and you will be the first to die when
the large people like myself need food
and or would it be the other way around
because you guys can get weapons and
then we can really run that fast
I don't know well we'll see we'll see
with fat people or people that are
joining and they're not gonna be fat man
today on the the philip defranco show or
the xxe phil channel we're trying
something different something that
I think's really cool really fun so uh
after this video click in the the links
in the description and check it out
because it's sweet and maybe want to
redeem from yesterday's since the video
didn't publish out for ten hours anyway
I'm just really relaxed this week a lot
less stress we're about to go out to
Joshua Tree it's a film the second
episode of blackboxtv the one that I'm
in should be up I believe August 17th is
that right I think yeah yeah August like
August 17th on blackboxtv and so I saw
on some of the clips and what I will say
is that it does have a girl with very
large breasts in there but she's also
very nice or is she also is she a nice
chick with big boobs anyway I'm gonna
I'm gonna go away so I can stop putting
my foot in my mouth and keep putting
chicken in my mouth because it tastes
delicious
anyway um love you guys a long time hope
you're having a good Wednesday yes I
just double check to see what date was
because I wasn't sure and I'm talking
with my mouth full take that mom bitch
I'm just playing I love you mom love you
