you
I like your shirt this is like a warning
to people yeah but I will smack a bitch
oh no bitch I'm about to know hard my
shirts better huh huh huh huh dinosaur
fighting a robot come on that's shirt so
much better than yours but thank you for
getting it for me Matt what my fears
better yeah matsa let me let me make
sure yeah that's worn this I think every
day since we uh we got it for him at
Comic watch that's disgusting Tory's our
business calls were being quiet it's
super business see that's dope so one of
the new things that I'm gonna try it are
you venture
so one of the new things i'm going to
try is this thing called couch to 5k and
it's apparently supposed to take you
from the couch to being able to run five
kilometers or what is its 3.1 miles my
conversions off and so I'm pretty
excited I'm excited to try it out I have
actually never run 3.1 miles three miles
straight I've run two miles and that's
you know taking a break to slow down
walk jog at least one time but uh yeah
we'll see I've never it's never really
been my strong suit but uh yeah I'm
excited to try and yeah give myself a
little more endurance right right ladies
no okay good morning it's a tuesday
morning and i like i said i'm starting
this couch to 5k thing come on a day one
which is relatively wait focus will it
focus there we go it's pretty simple
five-minute weren't up warm up then
alternating between 60 seconds of
jogging and 90 seconds of walking so
just to break us in think it's a
nine-week program and yeah figure it's a
good way to wake up do a little
something before I eat oh my god the
comments they're gonna be torn should
eat should he eat your jog first let him
now so start out pretty easy there's a
guy got this about halfway through who
feel like I'm I drop just gotta remember
it's just your mind just your body he
pushed through it where's case scenario
I die bachelor
god I feel like I'm gonna pass out I
find God thank you God day what history
oh no I have a three day walk back home
ah whoa the day one is done day one who
I was passed out there at the end i
gotta bring more water um mean moral of
today is even when you want to quit
don't I'll sure about to pass out and
then just start early just wait to that
that walking period and then just like
walk against a wall very slowly who get
a shower
la
