wake up nudge what's up are you doing
what's up little man he's like this
bullshit this is bullshit I'm not even
trying to lose weight
mmm they look like pancakes on camera
loose not right they're not I trust you
where we're getting these from v's Ruiz
area these recipe is from the other tune
it up girls they're on youtube and they
sent a bunch of stuff and Lindsay was
like don't make stuff to do that'll be
fine cuz that's how Lindsay talk that
she talked and so we're gonna try it out
see what it's like cuz apparently
delicious or terrible or delicious I
know I did try it so it's not terrible
it's falutin hello it's it's it's Monday
morning it's way too early for maybe
talking to a camera but I am because I
love you and also because I don't have
any footage from this weekend because I
was laying in bed the entire three days
well not the entire three days a lot of
the three days just pounding back
ibuprofen trying to get rid of these a
headache second alone caffeine because
as you know I've been continuing to
drink coffee stuff like that but then
hmm I've actually come after coming out
of this caffeine migraine weekend I find
myself with with generally more energy
and I think it's because over the past
few months i forgot what normal felt
like I really only had a feeling like
this is the super like pumped up like
caffeinated or a DD medication induced
like let's fucking destroy the world not
angry which is like last Joe and like
you know you get a lot of stuff done
until on caffeine you crash or an
adderall I want to punch someone like
four yeah I've talked about it I've
talked about it look at the looking at
eight thousand videos I here have here
on YouTube but being in bed I didn't
play a little starcraft 2 which I
actually have a second copy so i gotta
figure out what to do with that oh and
just just getting rid of it but I feel
good I feel good my body is fine I
plateaued during my like trips and then
like getting back into this way
things like to 36 which is really good
it's still what nine pounds lighter than
when I started and I saw I've been
watching some of your videos some of you
guys have lost like 18 pounds already so
I have to catch up and I'm going to
start doing the work out so good this
week but yeah I'm just feeling good one
of the most important things about this
whole thing is just to feel better in my
own body and so far in the brain whole
area I do which is really good and it's
weird though having energy to do stuff
and also I hit I've been getting full a
lot faster which is which is weird
disappointing because food tastes so
good i want to just continue eating it
so i'm either going to learn or i'm just
going to start throwing up not really um
and last things i do want to thank the
tone adapt girls for giving us some
recipes i had you all pancakes this
morning which are made of like 80
different things that aren't bad for you
which is weird they actually tasted good
so right if you don't know who the tone
it up girls are this is them they are
very very attractive and also nice at
the same time which is very rare
actually for LA but super refreshing get
a mop illegal kind hey I'm gonna hop in
the shower film the philip defranco show
but boys and girls in the comments down
below or in video responses think of a
fun and or interesting activity that
will help me earn calories lose weight
and just enjoy life in general and
fucking is already a given let me long
time
ha
fuck fuck
la la la la la la la
ha
