dear internet diary the Germans have
come they have come every day they not
on the door Jeffrey went to get cookies
and they heard him and he died um hi
internets uh I was a weird and Frank ish
intro I I know that I disappeared for
like two or so days and I would like to
say sorry for those of you that have
been chewing him daily on the blog too
so you know follow along to keep sharing
your stories etc yeah I got a I got
slightly overwhelmed with a bunch of
stuff and when you tubes not working and
I'm stressed out I'm like well fuck it
let's let's just let's not be miserable
so then I just stopped and I'm I'm a
terrible person but I am doing pretty
good today I'm going to a goof around in
this this office a little bit i actually
went when I when I'm like I burned out I
have league look I've been been on the
internet for 40 minutes tops for the
past two days and about good so good to
eat any that any of the detachment every
now and then usually I get that on the
weekends but for the past month I've
been working every single day and so I
was like ah come on kill someone rather
than killing someone going to jail um or
uh huh whatever um so anyway I hope you
don't good I just wanted to say I'm here
I'm fear get used to it I don't even
know what that means okay oh did you see
by my video um was it Wednesday on the
PBS I did not realize so many people
wear that homophobic they're like what
why was he you know bed with the boy cuz
it's in a video I thought it was it was
like the funny it was a funny thing in
your life oh oh oh no would that really
be the end of the world if all of a
sudden it turned out that Phil ed loves
Cindy and his em with that would that be
an end of the world I don't know I don't
but it's kind of sad that people would
be like I'm a completely different
opinion of you anyway come Monday the
blog is gonna have a monday to friday
schedule so the monday a video will
actually be all the stuff that happened
over a week owns do we call it is French
no
yes so I figured that way if I'll film
but I'm not editing so it's not still
technically work holding a camera and be
like blah blah blah blah days and really
work unless it's on the show or
everything else other than authority
anyway I'm gonna go I love you by piece
ha
