like 10 minutes red is it not blood
don't think it's what it gets where the
UM paint is chipping yeah that's what it
is oh well a baby whoa watch out beetle
you're next well that's gonna blind
people and care about silver single okay
so uh oh hey gentlemen Oh Aloha hello
and goodbye and ran chewing I'll Indies
dress jewelry currently griffing it's
quite fun yay yeah I know I melt
so an hour shoot in the daytime we have
a different crew
I don't know so uh I guess it's what
technically day too but can you can we
can we switch days when we go to sleep
at five o'clock in the morning and then
start up at nine does it count Matt yes
absolutely was the question ah it's so
bright it's a hundred deGrasse in joshua
tree today I don't have the key to the
pool I don't think yeah so I can't get
in so we're filming we filmed pretty
much all all last night till about I
want to say five six o'clock in the
morning and it was fun I got a smashed
around a lot I'm trying to think what do
you need to know what can I tell you I
don't know I know is it's it's fun super
awesome crew it's a bunch of people I
like and a bunch of people that are
helpful and talented and yeah I know
it's fun it's different but I'm gonna go
continue eating healthy which I'm
surprised I was able to do so far on the
road and there's Johnny yay Tony will
actually burst into flames in five four
I can't let you see ah ok anyway I'm
gonna go full fill up the philip
defranco show I'm going to film the
DeFranco show and yeah and I guess we'll
be out here and we'll be leaving some
point tonight hopefully want to go home
but uh yeah super fun I know I was like
I don't know if I'm but it's it's it's
really fun to do something completely
different I think that kind of relates
to to like the whole eating healthy and
the better life thing is just mixing it
up you know you cuz if I like real
chicken every day I'd be tired of it and
i've been doing you know the philip
defranco show and nothing but philip
defranco show and that's why these vlogs
are actually helpful but even this is
it's it's really fun because it's it's a
it's a toss up instead of change so yeah
love you long time I'm going to
hopefully not get insanely sunburned and
I guess I'll see you tomorrow love you
long time Oh
