ah whoops there we go hi Internet as you
can tell I am back home I have a taken
Lindsey's workstation over and yeah
things stuff how you doing yeah yeah so
I'm back from comic-con which involved
some of the things that I've been trying
to stay away from which was some liquor
and and food that is not fully desirable
for someone that is wanting to get
healthy better things stuff I had to be
for pizza I you know you eat what you
can sometimes because you don't to
starve yourself main thing I don't I
don't want to start myself but there
were times where I ate like way too much
no I would get these visuals in my head
when I say stuff like it I just imagine
myself like just laying with my mouth
open i'm not free to marry ah bo ah but
you know i'm back home i only gained two
pounds so i'm not i'm not stressed about
it and you know jumped right back into
doing what I was doing on the way back
you know just lots of water lots of good
food lots of just clean stuff and a lot
of you have been continued posting the
videos and they're really awesome and
I'm super excited this week is going to
be a hard week for me because it
involves a lot of one of the main
reasons I eat and that is stressed so
the stressors just like because I'm a
huge comfort food eater like I eat food
because I'm like okay I feel good about
something ah and so a lot of that's
actually been just getting over that
because you know there are a lot of
things in my life that stressed me out
there's a lot of things in your life
that stress you out no matter how good
or bad your situation is there are
always those factors uh people in your
personal life work just inward
self-conscious things and there's so
many things that can just trigger you
and i've been i've been really good over
the past like
two months of just like conquering that
you know I can be angry at something but
I just have to devote that energy to
something that's good just staying
positive and I find that I'm around so
most of the time really positive people
and I mean I come from a place where
like the word that the word of the idea
and the work ethic was like we can tell
those motherfuckers to suck our dicks
cuz we're better in the middle like I
just realized that there's no reason
there's a you can be passionate with
that without being like a dickface you
can and i have been I've been realizing
that and you know just just trying to
keep that positive note like positive
energy man but just you know being
positive and and working towards
something and just like taking that
anger and that that world suck and just
pushing it towards something the number
one thing that that bothers me is lazy
people not even just lazy people people
that are really talented and lazy I just
ah ah and so um you know in Hollywood
there are a lot of those because they're
really tells the people that just wants
everything to just be perfect for them
and I'm like but maybe you should maybe
you should hike up the mountain before
your life walk and I fucking put my flag
in this bitch like just ah you know a
lot of people and okay this is gonna
take a whole different thing a lot of
people you know a lot of kids these days
when you ask them what they want to do I
think what the percentage of people when
you're like what do you want to be when
you grow up fifty-five percent of them
say famous they don't give the reason
why they're gonna be famous not like I'm
gonna be a singer like when I wanted
when I wanted to grow up actually that
that's probably that's probably a true
statement when I wanted to grow up I
wanted to be a you know like a musician
I wanted to write music I wanted to do
stuff like that and you know I wanted to
to get the the support and I guess maybe
maybe a little the fame I don't know I
think I was too young to think like imma
be this but I wanted to do that because
i was super passionate about it but so
many people these days just want to be
famous famous hi i am someone important
and you know me but for once for being
know many people just just
on it easy and and I get that but I feel
like you have to work towards that
unless you're you know someone that just
gets and congratulations to you for
being a waste of life and just getting
everything you want without having to
try I I am a little envious of the fact
that you have but I don't know it's less
fun anyway just just going away from
that I guess the whole point of that is
if you have things that are stressing
you out try try through through I've
seen a lot of you have taken to running
especially from the map I've been seeing
some of your twitpics and your hashtag
plot stuff just running riding bikes
just doing stuff and it's going to it
will help it will help your stress this
past week has been really good the
reason I'm stressed out this week is
obviously I have to produce like they're
not produced I have to make and be a
part of like almost 18 videos and then
there's travel which is gonna make the
philip defranco show hard to do but i
will do it and yeah so I mean challenges
hopefully I can overcome them without
dropping the ball here and there but you
know it's a challenge like like what a
lot of us are doing or a lot of pretty
much what everyone has to deal with
every day and yeah if you have any
advice on how you deal with stress or
you are stressed out you're looking out
leave it leave them in the comments or
video responses or just I don't know
these these videos have been really fun
and I feel like there's this this really
supportive community so I don't know
things stuff I'm gonna go a poke Matty
boy was in a room with a stick and see
if he bleeds so I'll talk to you next
time yeah I don't really have anything
else to say
