you're so awesome that looks amazing
awesome very cool
I'm put you want video but it so I'm
with who Sam mafia JJ but I could be a
fan
how were you at
but first what's your name crystal
my real neighbor Deadpool
open we go I have to show you you're way
too pretty I was like it's easy we get
both of in here you can see the Angel
sensation
I can't have you guys standing back
there you guys have to be mobile
I
pretty we are going into the lights
lights
you
oh this what happens when you're reading
to me anyway girl he's like camera and
I'm like laughs yeah I know where you
from I am yeah we're like yeah we got we
have three days full video l too much
that's so much fun I your any other
party spare
is amazing
and now I just got you know yes oh wait
so for the camera who are you I'm
Cameron Cameron I'm Cameron because you
are going to be on the blog what do you
want to say to the world watch filled
yep that's that's pretty much it
yeah yeah I just woke up we uh we had
its last day of comic-con we're actually
leaving and in an hour and a half and
well probably try and edit this before
or on the road or something yeah we
lucked out our buddies hook us up we
were actually like right outside of the
Convention Center you can see a the
crowds are much smaller than they have
been the rest of the time here but uh
yeah I'm excited to uh to get home sleep
on my bed for a night and then go out
the next day and we start filming on
blackboxtv two episodes and one of them
I'll be acting I use every word very
loosely and it's a one that I wrote with
Tony and it's fun oh no it's it's going
to be something different I think it's
something I think people might be
surprised at the the dark stuff that
i'll end up writing but anyway i'm gonna
go home weigh myself for the next video
tomorrow and we'll see we'll see if
comic-con did some damage or uh I'm
still doing good I love you long time
boy
