honestly yeah I don't like them you know
what
that's so great because this isn't your
fucking office happy birthday to you
happy birthday to you happy birthday
Philip DeFranco happy birthday to you
national boss today showering you with
gifts Phil thank you for everything you
do take well yeah sure I'm always on the
up and three straws either fur for
drinks or fun ways to snort cocaine
I need these because of you and then the
thing that I refuse to eat thank you oh
it's Yara yeah now I guess a look I feel
inside like a princess I mean I think a
queen but whatever whatever I think
Queen I think like old and wrinkly
you're more of a princess
look at this supple skin yet I use
moisturizer for the first time this
morning I don't understand what's the
cup of bites you know you're getting
thirsty and you know your drinks
room-temperature you can throw it in
that little cup of ice well thank you
Joe it's national boss there really is
an extra low sexual thing Phil we don't
need days you don't need 180 days it's
like a second birthday
you don't like your birthday no you know
this about me Joe you don't like your
birthday what does he broke down and you
know when your birthday is December
first sorry one of the weirdest
experiences of my life was one of the
first years I was out here in California
Lindsey decided to throw me a surprise
birthday party I want like maybe two
other people to be around me like my
best friend it Lamy maybe who cares
these the people that really pissed me
off people that's a birthday month shut
up you don't get a whole month
what are you Black History Month in the
race this Phil how is that racist anyway
so yes so I just wanted a nice little
platter of gifts and thank you for being
a cool cool boss you're a cool guy Phil
- Frankie - Franco like spaghetti Oh
what if they make a Frank you see your
head there what if they made those that
have SpaghettiOs you know they do the
alphabets that'd be pretty cool man I
think that's a good business opportunity
I think it's a great idea Joe I think I
need you to jump on that right now
- Frank use Y I just - Franco's it's
literally in the name Joe you don't have
to do anything but it rhymes better like
SpaghettiOs - Frankie owes SpaghettiOs
it's not many syllables though just make
the Oh big or something better give you
cereal that's E
like the easier thing to do we're taking
over Phil all right Phil give me a great
boss today I'm gonna prove how much of a
good boss I am yeah I want you to have
everything just keep oh shit I'm such a
giver well just such as well such a
giver that's so kind to me
well this is like the only thing we're
doing for Ball State I didn't play
anything else sorry to disappoint you
the only person that appreciates me I
know nobody else nobody else appreciates
with this office yeah everybody execu
thanks boss man I believe this is the
looks I like this creepy banker look
he's gone for good looks cool it's
lighting let's go yeah yeah feel like
it's dark in here
we right here okay I think you work I
just have an opinion oh yeah I don't
like you know what that's so great
you're not touching him they're nice the
legs match the dance okay okay I'm not
judging you
everyone already thinks I want to murder
you okay I think your job is I question
the first report oh man I found these
okay and then they're lovely
number one number two got approval from
Phil who is scenic yeah you could like
almost his office it's not my office the
Philip renico show has nothing to do
with being Phil's office but
all right well cool I'm excited to film
this progress in these chairs like he's
a lawyer now I was thinking like bean
bags or something you're already getting
ball pit
okay yeah hell yeah thank you what's
going on okay here's the thing
so I created a servers about buying Mia
Corgi what's adult it's a dog I said if
you buy me a dog I'll name it after one
of your products pretty good deal right
I think so because that dog lives 15
years happy and healthy life you're like
always so cute what's his name um I know
his name is the baked ziti and they're
like why is it big ZD I'm like uh
Stover's has the best baked ziti try
that I'm gonna tell that story to two
strangers a day 15 years all I'm saying
is the baked ziti cost $4 let's do some
math maybe Stover's can get into frozen
dog food too
thank you business opportunity all right
so then what's the update what what are
their response as it stands they're kind
of teasing me about it they're playing
hard to get someone tweeted me just try
it surfers mac and cheese never going
back I said yes the best just like 40s
are the best dogs Stouffer's is the best
mac and cheese and they said we wouldn't
argue it either at those state exact I
said they make a great combo like ZD the
core gate and as I said most definitely
related really like the sound of that
and I said let's make it happen Cap'n
and then I linked back to my original
tweet saying if you buy me a corgi I
named it after one of your products and
they said you've got our wheels turning
Zak oh man looks like it's a done deal
it looks like have you screen shot all
those screens on everything everything
lawyers on boards opers move now
staffers never do how are you good sorry
I didn't mean to make fun of the couches
and chairs you did but it's okay thanks
but um I think you're doing a great job
steaming I hope the paint like melts a
little bit and it goes on there sir I
think that'd be hilarious I don't since
we just bought these but you know glad
you got your content yeah I'm just
searching through whatever I can look at
that carpet
he smells like chemicals in carpet yeah
cuz we had to spray up a scotch-brite
what would you have to do
I took it outside to the parking lot
spray it because it's a strong chemical
and I had a mask on oh it was hot
outside so I took the mask off smell the
camel once oh wow
oh my god oh wow that's a lot deeper
than I thought
yeah we're just imagining Zach if you
were an ant and their carpet yeah the
country watch it ah Sonic's life Honey I
Shrunk the Kids
yeah classic that's a great one or ants
with a Z in the elastic film that was Fi
not a ripoff of it's a bike no yeah I
would say move it that way in the back
we move it closer to the great chase
that's just my face my sometimes well
that's a nice carpet did you pick the
carpet out yeah okay that's a good
choice
absolutely no cuz you have nine of them
thanks Peck what do you think about no
nice our room is in the Arctic zone you
know it looks like you're like princess
people are about to shower you with
gifts why don't you wear your snug use
that word again alright I think that
every day for the next like month you
should bring a Snuggie in a new Snuggie
every every day I can't I don't have a
month's worth you know every day we made
will spread out again oh what a week do
want to we visit your mug - yeah I don't
know what's so fun fun exactly all this
money yeah exactly
you're just as a one that just makes me
feel so small that's a big just living
makes you feel small but this makes me
feel real fun look at this cool I like
this I have anything nice to say say
something nice you look lovely in your
blue gown it is warm though kind of like
this what color is the one Nica do you
wear it while driving
so you driver
with this like cultish looking thing
this is a big promo for snug you guys
I'm a Gorgon buy me a corgi I'll name it
Snuggie that's actually a good name for
a dog
the light was this all her light was
just so I'm not a martyr you line and
very elated on March I'm a failure
we're gonna make a whole vlog a silent
blow from the Girl Scouts they were like
fuck you are eating cookies both tonight
so that was one of the girls like this
great bread from was like a mother of a
Girl Scout and her son's a Boy Scout
she was like I'm pumped for this because
the Boy Scouts do more stuff you want
the Boy Scout could lose me
there's oh that's the thing that you
said when you realize that you weren't
according audio that popcorn is
apparently garbage popcorn franco scouts
yeah so when it goes goes never
there's too much fuckin controversy
around like the Boy Scout ship no
offense
what's the sign out to do a second PDS
on the blog Joanie audio once it's on
the filter a boss good yeah thanks for
employing me and not buying the key okay
happy birthday thanks for hiring me and
like letting me pay my rent
still pays your rent
I said no let's see your kids okay
see his tips what
