give it give it oh hey he's a get offa
Jonna Jonna Jonna to talk though this
morning I'm packing because we're going
to comic-con we have a into interesting
mode of transportation i don't know
about fulfillment i feel i feel a little
weird if I film it because I'm flying on
the backs of naked strippers with
jetpacks or something else but uh Oh was
going crazy thank you for everyone that
joined in two plots yesterday a hashtag
TL OT actually other than the map which
is really cool and I'll include a link
again in the description I really
started using a hashtag PL o T as like a
weird as like a chat room because if
you're adding if you're at replying
someone on Twitter and and you're
watching McCall it with your tool
Winkies tool Winkies I know if you're
adding someone hand using a hashtag it
still shows up so it turns into this
giant worldwide chat room so it's pretty
cool I was doing I was doing yesterday
that's just me so anyway yeah heading to
comic-con and today is actually one of
the milestones along the road and that
is a I'm like I'll keep moving and that
is I have lost 10 pounds as of today I'm
235 pounds and it's awesome it's super
super super super super awesome and yeah
also because I didn't do anything else
let's see i'm going to i couldn't decide
what to do so I just cut it off um so
what would I do want you to do bosom
girls is I'm helping my buddy start this
this new channel here on YouTube and you
know a lot there are a lot of sketch
channels and a lot of everything but
there's not a lot of like scarier
there's not a lot of like twilight zone
s core like suspenseful or anything like
that channels and so my buddy has taken
the initiative to start this and we were
actually we're
to start filming stuff next week and so
I don't know when the content will
actually be up there but I did want to
tell you about it he'd probably be like
don't do it here's here's on the trailer
that he ended up putting up on the
channel and what I recommend is while
you're watching it or after your well
after you watch it click the link of the
description below and subscribe to that
channel because I think there's gonna be
some really cool stuff i'm going to be
in one of the first two episodes and i
want you guys to see it so yeah go over
there subscribe give it love and then
we're gonna make some really really
really really really fun stuff ok let me
guys long time and keep up keep up the
good efforts people I know some of you
have actually lost more weight than me
less the mages keep keep god god i like
i like how i am like I'm like oh this is
me big inspiration so tired everyone has
a secret something they want and
something they're afraid of
I can't do this yet case
