please I can't do these yet hello
Internet it's fuckity sorry I'm feeling
good and energetic today I'm to 36.2
which puts us at about 9 pounds and I
don't know it's still coming off it's
still it's like it's like buttah it's
like no it's not like butter because
butter is bad is it I don't know I just
like to say things randomly hi so today
is a very exciting day for me because
I've been working on something for the
past three days to help come to fruition
to help make this experience even more
immersive and luckily it's happened so
suits who practice it if I don't know if
you've ever heard of Bing Twitter maps
it's something that a lot of people have
been using recently the first time I saw
it was they were using any Coachella and
it's all about geotagging tweets now if
you don't know what geo-tagging tweets
are its you take your phone and you
enable geo-tagging what that does is it
says satellites in the sky this is where
I am I was here tweeting this twat and
twatting this pic or video or just you
were saying something I don't but it
shows the world where you are at the
moment of that tweet and so I thought
that was cool and so what the maps
actually do and I saw this on tweet de
France com probably the best example of
it right now is you tweet your twat to
the 12 that was stupid it shows up on
this this Bing Twitter mat and it's
actually really cool so the tweet de
France one is just a base round tour de
france which and sunday if you follow it
kind of like i do i don't i don't know i
don't know who else watches it because i
know it's not it's not really huge all
the time in America like like the
world's cup we hear every four years but
so it's really cool because they're
actually cyclists that are that are
speeding out while while there while
they're going out and people that are
watching it and so you get like the all
these different experiences so I was
like we have to
do this for the project lose an Olsen
twin and that's where we came up with um
hashtag PL OT people losing Olsen twins
and so if you have your phone
geo-tagging abled and you tweet out a
picture or video or just something that
you're thinking it and you you put
hashtag PLO tea it'll show up on this
map so i was like where are all these
people doing doing project lose an Olsen
twin because I ran into someone
yesterday Jasmine at the apple store and
I couldn't act too excited because she
was like I'll get fired and I still
hugged her but but I get excited when
people are coming up to you know I'm
gonna try and lose an Olsen twin with
you and so I'm gonna I'm gonna get on a
bicycle and not not a tour de france
bicycle but you know just a regular
bicycle and anywhere within like five or
ten miles i'm going to try and just ride
my bike we just just live a healthier
lifestyle and take pictures from the
road and and I don't know I just think
it's gonna be fun because we can see
what ah stop it in the buzzer see what
all we're doing and I don't I just say
it's gonna be a thing just to be cool so
if you want to be a part of this all you
have to do is to geotag enable your
phone which just uh you turn location
settings on on your iphone or your
blackberry and then you hit a button
through the geotag i recommend not doing
it from your house that's what i would
not do personally but but do whatever
you want and so people have already
started using it and if if we get an
initial rush that's really big the the
page my crash but he'll come back up but
yeah i think it's gonna be really cool
and it's going to be something that um
that helps us share each other's stories
and find each other and just just pop up
all over on this on this bing twitter
map i don't know i think it I think it'd
be cool but anyway guys I want you to I
want you to try it out with me today
there's our two maps one where you can
actually follow all the stuff that I'm
doing for plots at everything else for
for the entire nation that's trying to
lose an Olsen twin so test it out I
think you guys are really going to like
it and yeah I guess just thanks to bang
for being awesome and sponsoring this
whole healthy lifestyle change I think I
didn't expect it and I love that people
are just supporting supporting a better
life I think it's really really cool
anyway love you guys long time I'm going
to make the show but then I'm gonna go
work out or sit on the couch eating
Doritos no not that but probably the
first thing which way well is it again I
don't know by is why we can't have nice
things puppy yeah poop everywhere
