some people confuse this with mommy show
but it's not it's the volga d yup that's
why we can't have nice things puppy yeah
poop everywhere ah hi interwebs i'm uh
just taking an unexpected break from
working out I just jumped into poop so
that was fun ah anyway yeah um this has
been fun boys and girls um I'm just I'm
so slams right now I uh a lot of people
are asking why I don't fill my exercises
because a lot of it's because most of
stuff I'm doing is cardio stuff so
there's lots of fat moving all over the
place and I am very self-conscious so at
this point I will not show you my jiggly
parts but soon they won't be jiggly
hopefully hopefully i'm still doing good
i'm still going down I'm unsorted a so I
have to recertify my entire body to tear
up some some muscles so it can heal
bigger and better and yeah I don't know
i i've been doing this and you know I've
been doing this at the same time as
having a crazy schedule a lot of people
think you know the videos oh you work
like two hours John no these are I mean
they're like 60 to 80 hour weeks and
yeah I mean okay and once again I'm not
complaining because a lot of its fun
like over over the weekends I thought we
were just gonna be working here all of a
sudden somehow through a company that
we're working with we have comic con
tickets and I'm like yeah it's Comic Con
Thank You Jerry less because I wanted to
go again last year we had to sneak in
thanks to a certain youtuber no not
thanks to we were able to because of a
certain youtuber love you long time you
know who you are and there's an airplane
and it's a it's on the sky it's like
it's breaking the sound barrier of my
video
then and yeah man just crazy times this
this weekend though I mean coming up to
comic-con it's gonna be hard because
eating healthy on the road is super hard
especially I mean this is how unprepared
we are we we have a flight there because
our friends are hooking us up and we had
a tickets but we have no hotel and we
have no way back so these are things
that we have to figure out that's what
you get for working on the web and it's
gonna be super fun i'm gonna try and
continue posting videos might try and
post LTA stuff with like video game and
movie stuff and then of course on this
channel I'll probably end up talking
about limiting yourself and how to stay
somewhat healthy on the road because I'm
probably going to be hitting up a hotel
gym and sleeping on someone's couch and
figuring out what foods you can eat
because and drinking as little as
possible like last night I was at a kind
of a business meeting and it's one of
those places where they buy food for the
table and you're like oh shit I don't
want to be disrespectful and not eat
because where I come from if I don't
like you I won't eat your food that and
if someone doesn't eat the food there
I'm kind of disrespected and so it's
just like choosing you're like okay okay
I'll have that and I'll have that that's
the time protein and it's like just
balancing it's the emergency food right
your emergency choices and stuff and
things and fun times I know when I say
stuffing things a lot of you a lot of
you get annoyed some of you like it but
yeah when I say weird stuff things the
last thing I want to leave you with is a
lot of people have started sending me
their exercises and they're actually
like trainers out there and I'm going to
include a few such as the tone it up
girls Scott Herman there's a bunch of
really cool people out there that that
have these really cool things and of
course send your videos as video
responses because I pretty much except
all video responses and what and you
know everyone's smart enough to go okay
this is related this is unrelated and
you know it helps it helps to see stuff
and I have a pillow Scott but not not
with your abs which is disappointing but
not actually at all is this morning for
the girls that come through the house
but not me so much
anyway I'm gonna I'm gonna go do some ab
ripper x in in front of the mirror so I
can admire how fat I am but I love you
guys a long time I'm going to keep doing
these and thanks for well once again
thanks for all the support I know I say
it probably all the time but it really
it really does help and good note still
being 237 pounds I can jump out of an
airplane again so we'll have to do that
in a month or two but I'm gonna do with
some youtubers so uh yeah I don't buy
love you in the mouth area
