Hey hi hi hi
yeah so essentially what I've been doing
is I wake up and then I try and I try
and do some cardio work so that's maybe
jumping rope for you know just 15
minutes or oh my god I'm gonna I'm gonna
try and do a suicides this morning do
you remember those suicides so suicides
and then um they were called something
else I think there were snakes just do
the equivalent of snakes but since I
don't have my own set of bleachers
because there's no fille de University I
just I live on the top floor of my place
so just like six down six up six down
you know just running up and down the
stairs so getting the the cardio stuff
mainly before I eat so my body is like
oh we're doing something we're doing
something and then you know just eating
healthy I think a lot of a lot of what
my body's been going through is really
it I hate using the word cleanse because
everyone's like oh I'm good I'm gonna go
on a detox and I'm gonna go on a cleanse
and my body is gonna be pure and so the
cleanse is six days its cayenne pepper
lemon juice some sugar-free maple syrup
and it's I'm like that sounds like the
ingredients for organic Drano what are
you doing to your body
but yeah it's really just been being
smart about stuff but I'm gonna start
this week actually uh bringing up the
intensity in intensity and I'm hoping
that in a week or two my body will be
able to handle most of the exercises for
p90x and we're gonna jump back on that
because if you follow me on Twitter I
was like whoa whoa I can't even do half
these things so I'm just gonna I'm gonna
make sure my body can actually handle
some of it and then and then jump back
into it but in the meantime I'm gonna
still pretty much just break down the
muscles as much as I can rip them apart
with my bare hands that are made of
muscle yeah I don't know what I'm done
but yeah things stuff works one thing
that I say is a really good thing and
I'm gonna make one today and maybe I'll
make one
camera is get a calendar or make
calendar draw out a calendar and just
figure out like when you're gonna eat
not even necessarily what you're gonna
you can write down like proteins so
you're like okay I'm gonna eat chicken
then or maybe like a another veggie
patty but like a turkey patty or
something like that just plan it out and
especially in the beginning do not just
don't just don't overwhelm yourself
because you're gonna hate it
you like fuck this I hate this that's
right that's why I love Doritos
so yeah just you know just work your way
into it and you know this is you know
you like oh this is taking a long time
but really what's what's what's worse
like losing the weight over like six
months and you know doing some stuff
that you're not really happy about or
just living living a generally unhappy
suffocating and fat entire life you know
I mean for me it's a whole different
thing like I need to I need to make sure
that I lose this weight and and I need
to be in as good shape as possible by
the time I'm like 30 to 35 I mean that's
not the coldest but it's 3035 because
that's when you know my health issues
might start so that's that's just me
like I'm planning for the future if if I
used to think that I would never that I
would essentially I wouldn't want I
would want to live past 30 like that so
that's the way I used to think I was
like ah it sounds miserable but you know
that's it's stupid it's it's the
thoughts of a child and yeah so thank
you and I've actually subscribed to a
few of you guys that have been sending
in the daily videos so it's really cool
to watch you guys and see you progress
and yeah if you uh if you have any fall
back so you need someone to talk to call
your parents I'm not your parent I'm
just I don't know what I'm talking about
but I'm gonna go make the philip
defranco show i love you guys long time
I gained 25 pounds today
oh no just don't don't stress about that
either weights fluctuate especially
you're gonna weigh yourself every day do
not stress about anything plus remember
that
with less than muscle so that should
have even looked at that bread okay I'm
gonna go I love you guys
bark
