your room is I use different camera
means and I'm man want to be my
cameraman the cow that what is that what
is that that Travian you like it's like
a little bit whisker we stand up I can't
do it
we're like all slap happy at this point
are we I think we're just becoming
friends close up close up we're becoming
friends
hello Sela I really didn't get any
footage yesterday because we were in a
meeting suppose today that I did some
jump rope and I didn't I didn't even
think to turn on the camera because I'm
still still really bad at this you guys
but um what I wanted to talk about was a
morning usually how you start your day
it sets sets up pretty much how your day
is gonna go and usually I like to try
and get my main bulk of working out in
the morning that's actually why I wake
up at 6 now I don't have to be up at any
specific time but I try and wake up at 6
well kind of because at 6:45 all hell
breaks loose light comes through the
window and hits me like perfectly in the
eyes the dogs start jumping on me and
licking my face the garbage trucks
outside and it's like killing a homeless
man and he's like oh I'm like shut up
homeless man and the girlfriend decides
to put her toes which are about negative
80 degrees at that point in the morning
underneath some part of my body so she
can suck out the heat and we'll to live
for my soul and I'm like well fuck this
I'm just gonna wake up at 6 I don't I
don't want to have to deal with that
actually the worst thing in the world is
that you hear it I don't know if you do
is the plane when the plane a certain
plane comes really really close to the
house and the lights hitting me in a
certain way it sounds like a bombs
dropping and I'm like I'm good oh I have
I have a fear of dying but anyway I wake
up and you know a shower I drink some
water I give myself like twenty or
thirty minutes before I eat and and then
I eat and a lot of what we've been doing
the past week for me has been just
getting on a good schedule for just
eating healthy and so far I mean I've
lost twenty pounds just from some light
working out eating healthy drinking
water not starving myself I know I saw a
lot of people think that I'm starving
myself when I say like I'm hungry what I
mean is like i won i want to gorge like
i just want to eat like fucking anything
like I'm like ah Krispy Kreme Doughnuts
like oh my god it looks terrible I want
to jam it in my mouth ha ha ha how many
girls have said that a lot a lot and
it's just like it's just like me forcing
myself to drink water and eat a small
smaller meal because I'm lucky
six or seven times a day to smaller
stuff but yes so what was this thing
duh and I'm actually gonna start riding
my bicycle to the grocery store because
I've been going to the grocery store
every morning and it's only like a mile
high so I might as well ride my bicycle
Plus this was actually inspired by my
girlfriends who gave me this present
this morning I know at first I was like
maybe she thinks it's illegal for women
to pump gas but then I was like no that
baby
I don't possibly but then I realize no
she's just being so supportive she's
like hey fatty I love you go walk a mile
fatty so that's that that was actually
inspiring my girlfriend so she does
support me or she just doesn't like
buying gas I don't I don't know either
way I'm I'm on the positive side dah dah
dah
but guys of course thank you for um
sending in your daily videos I'm gonna
start including you know certain
exercises or like taking you on walks
and runs with me and stuff like that but
uh yeah just but I pretty much just been
setting up the basis and I wanna I wanna
show you this picture I posted on
Twitter and Facebook last night
it's I want to say it's what I'm working
to but it's not really I'm totally
sucking in in this picture it's like
five years ago and God okay I when I say
you know I was a bigger douchebag then I
was I was here's here's here's the
picture and I'll leave you with that and
I'll see you tomorrow and just keep
sending in those videos and in the
comments on what you're doing and even
all you people that turn into food or
nutrition and like workout experts
believe those because it's it's very
interesting I'm gonna try some of the
stuff that you've been you've been
talking about and yeah seeing you
motivates me and I'm glad to some of you
seeing me motivates you so anyway let me
long time I'm gonna go make Franco show
and stuff and things
links in the description no bite
if you like it keep on circuit line
