no no no cow goes no I was like why is
everyone being quiet I have to about a
camera so a wide-angle end him yeah just
stay this is a new addition it's my baby
what is up Shawn uncultured rug Shona
hey Shona we've been wanting to meet up
the a like the entire time he's been in
LA but he uh he just had sushi with us
what ya 20 minutes before your flight
yeah we're kind of in real close just a
little bit oh it's a weird like I was I
remember like there's a security guard
in 2007 holding this camera Mike hey
Phil my name's Shawn I'm very glad and
there was this crowd of people around me
and now here I am actually seeing you
although there's still a lens in my face
there is wait so is that is that video
still up yesterday I'm gonna splice
there for me I'm passionate about
helping the poor in fact right now I'm
in a city called khulna near a few miles
away from a disaster area a few days ago
cyclone sidr hit thus it bang with ash
the coastline of Bangladesh and it's
killed over 3,000 people that estimate
is expected to be revised to 10,000
they're finding new dead bodies every
day unfortunately I'm actually here to
try and help make a difference myself I
have bought 70 blankets with my own
money and I will be going to the
disaster area to see what I can do to
help that was I was just about to go
into the disaster area really where all
this horrific stuff was there and now
like three years later we have this like
beautiful story from the negative to the
positive so I'm gonna build a mountain
I'm gonna build a mountain at least I
will I'm gonna build a mountain I'm
gonna buy I don't know how I'm gonna try
oh it started with you oh yeah there we
go i ended with you with you there's a
good part and aleve you know it's all
bad it's all over it's done tickets over
yeah it's done fire it off sound good no
no I mean like it came full circle oh
man yeah yeah oh yeah I didn't know how
to shoot myself in the foot miss crazy
crazy party at tony is 0 it looks
tonight is just beginning haha oh let's
oh my god so I'm just like we are late
you're lame I there may be all right
there we go so Lindsay that with her
girlfriends and i'm here with a mr.
Matty boy and mr. Tony be Antonia is
inspired because yeah he just watched
the dun goof'd videos and he's like I
got it I gotta put it to a beat so high
I'm going to drink coffee while he does
that you know be a be a part of the team
yeah yeah teamwork I'd also my do lunges
in front of them naked so uh i'ma turn
the camera off sorry bat this is about
to happen hey Internet I'm just ah i'm
finishing the video and i just want to
talk about a friends I was with a Tony
and Matt as you just saw and we were
there for a while I was actually at
their house till about three and you
know one of the most important things
for someone trying to lose weight or
just get into better shape is too
have just people that support you with
that up like last night I was like I am
starving I'm starving and they're like
no just keep drinking water I have a
little coffee and maybe eat this and it
was like okay okay i won't i won't do
myself in so i mean it's it's really
good to have some support so if you can
find someone that that's in it with you
or or just anything it's good because
lindsay i love her to death we're
support ever we're in a movie theater
she's like hey i just got this bag of
candy do you want a candy and am I don't
wanna be fat for the rest of my life why
and so it's really it's really good
about having those positive things of
course still have those negative things
people that don't support you go oh I'm
gonna do it I'm gonna do it but it's
good to have people there to remind you
so your brain says you'll want chocolate
you'll want a lot of food you don't
necessarily need it it's just saying hey
something's up just fill up on water
anything just yeah main things have
friends loser no but everything's still
going really good I've been doing stuff
here and there i'm just now over my
initial shock soreness so I'm gonna I'm
gonna jump back into stuff today which
you'll see in tomorrow's video but it
just thanks jinx thanks for coming along
on the ride with me whether you're
trying to gain or lose an Olsen twin or
you're just watching and seeing what's
up I know it's it's been fun and I
really I really like doing these videos
because it keeps me honest towards the
whole thing and it keeps me pumped up so
yeah much love and if you do anything
with this video please go check out
youtube.com slash on culture project I
promoted him way back in the day and
he's probably the nicest person on
YouTube not not only that but he he's
the most well-intentioned and he's
actually doing it he's not just you know
doing what doing what I do which is like
hey let's donate money to this cause
he's going out there and he's doing it
and the videos that he has up it really
it's it's really amazing so anyway I man
when I go do a bunch of fun stuff I'm
actually gonna see Brittani Louise
Taylor today jealous ah she's like she's
so sweet she
I ain't really able to see you but I'm
gonna be much more calm cuz I'm on
camera now anyway love you guys long
time I'm gonna go boys like lift heavy
stuff I will be cool like you could do
like three pull ups improv a girl
