so Tony so Tony just said to me that he
wants to join join in on working out but
he is going to represent actually a part
of you a part of you out there he wants
to gain an Olsen twin no I want I just
want to be in his office i'll probably
get laid well how come you're late
furious hey hey any ladies they don't
know everybody's insecure about their
body everybody no yeah but yeah Tony
Tony wants to gain an Olsen twin in his
arms and his abs and a Sojo take my
shirt off and be like he wants to take
his shirt off and glass just breaks aah
I cannot stand it there's two
magnificent the godson cool if you were
like would it be cool if you could like
lift heavy stuff I will be cool like you
could do like three pull ups and probe a
girl anyway some of you know that I
smoke and you've seen me and you're like
he's small and I haven't smoked in seven
days and so I go range right now the
internets clapping for you with the hand
they're not masturbating or hey it's
multitasking it's multitasking whoa so
most of the day I literally just uh I
just kept eating well and I'm just
resting cuz when i run my top efforts
because i'm sore under all the jiggly
stuff but then a jiggle it was like bad
price so button I'm letting it recover
thanks good day too because I'm a 239
point to which is good which is good fee
and I'm feeling good too more
importantly so uh awesome awesome this
is just a quickie video and oh and all
of you that went to lindsay's channel
Jesus Jesus every time I mention it she
gets like another eight thousand
subscribers she's she's right
happy and she put up a video for you
guys but anyway i'm gonna i'm gonna go
i'm gonna go lay in a bathtub and then
i'm gonna go into the ocean and I'm
gonna ride a boogie board and I'm gonna
try and not move I'm gonna try and
recover today cuz I'm kind of I'm almost
in a bi I'll be whoopee whoopee kill the
puppy killed up a big hill above it
