what do you want puppy what do you want
other puppy puppy puppy kill the puppy
killed up I'll be killed off of it
so I'm in yesterday's video I said that
I would uh I would show sha sha oh my
god so Lindsay's upstairs she's a she's
editing her new channel Oh what is it
Lindsay it is actually we uh you know I
mentioned it like in the bottom of a
description and apparently you guys are
kind of excited or interested because
how many people yeah Alex you're like
six thousand subscribers from from a
link are they I'd be like they're like
you don't even have a video yet you have
cry birth maybe I should fuck Phil's
dick hey internet so anyway said I was
going to get something in the mail so
it's something in the mail and I did and
it is a it is this thing that I've been
staring at for an hour I finish the show
so I think I'm gonna open it and maybe I
know I'm thinking about it it's yes okay
so i opened the box and I gotta head
chin up bar which all have to find some
power tools to assemble and to put up on
the door frame as well do as well as a
bunch of DVDs the fitness guide
nutrition plan etc oh and some
resistance bands which I haven't used
before but uh yeah I'm going to UM to
pop it in and okay and then I'm gonna
figure out what this is all about though
so let's let's do it oh my god ok so my
arms are shaking my stomach is kind of
in pain I couldn't do the pool of
exercises because I haven't set up Jesus
I haven't set up the bar yet and there
were tons of exercises I couldn't fully
do like all the reps or oh my god I guys
keep changing hands or I just had to
like do the negatives like on the
diamond push ups because I'm like too
weak right now to do them oh my god so
you guys weren't joking I'm definitely
gonna stick stick it out but I'm gonna
go to oh my god I go change hands again
I'm going to go to target and get some
push up bars and then try and install
the pull-up bar so ya gonna do that plus
I can't really hold this camera anymore
I but I'm not the only one that's tired
he's had his own workout it's okay sleep
puppy you don't go good I'm good I'm
good Oh ception so since I am being
completely honest in these things of
them editing this video for you and last
night one inception was a great movie
with two because it was a midnight
showing and I hadn't eaten to like so
before the from six it was like midnight
and I was like okay I am dying and I
didn't plan and I think that's one of
the things i need to do is I need to
plan on how to snack so I didn't get
popcorn I didn't get a hot dog I got
chicken fingers because I figured okay
I'm gonna get that fried nastiness but
at least I'll get some protein which
that's just me looking on the bright
side of a bad situation so I did I did
eat something bad and I think you know
I'm a step so I gotta I gotta not
freaked out about it because you're
going to mess up during the course of
this and just go okay that was one
misstep don't don't let it ruin your
entire day so if you mess up during
lunch don't make it go all the days
ruined it's not it's one thing it's one
thing you can recover from one thing a
few things but just know that that you
have to fix it and be honest with
yourself be honest and in my case with
others but yeah and we'll talk about
some stuff in the
their video and stuff and things
tomorrow hey love you guys a long time
keep up the cause I'll see you next time
with just one of course and Lindsey
Lindsey you have to be a prostitute now
yep we're going gritty we're going
gritty where
