there my name's Kyle my first official
day project moving often twin but school
people always called Macbeth I'm all
about to I wanna come on so tired my own
series in my house I just love it that
around to it I'm gonna make it part of
my project he's in all sing my goal was
like 190 i'm using it without mistake
has been very good i'ma say I'm just
everyone out there that's trying to do
this good luck
what's up Tony are you doing what do you
do anyways I want to blackmail yeah
buddy what are you writing right now I
guess who's gonna okay me anyway so are
you guys no go so I betta i'm at Tony's
house and he's shooting off the emails
he's a it's actually kind of like me but
when I shoot all females I have to read
it out loud so that I make sure that I
don't sound like an asshole I'm like
what would you know that way you're not
like lol-smiley-face anything like that
Anna but uh yeah it's a beautiful day
I've only been out for ten minutes but
uh we're gonna we're gonna have a little
fun maybe hit up the the beach the beach
sniff you know because it's all exercise
doesn't have to be a lifting weights and
jumping rope it's uh going to the ocean
and swimming and maybe some boogie board
yeah and then uh then catching a movie
because those 3d glasses they just
there's tax and their tax and on you one
thing this morning as I was I needed to
go to whole foods to get food for the
day cuz whenever i shop i don't really
shop for the week because eighty percent
of it will go bad so I was getting lunch
and I was like oh shit they they cook
breakfast there they cook breakfast at
whole foods so I did it and it was good
you know and it was healthy because I
got an omelet no cheese it had actually
even had pulled chicken and so it was
high in protein and it was good but I
felt a little bad because I didn't make
it myself so I felt like I was cheating
I don't know is it cheating maybe I
don't know but uh I don't think I'll do
it all the time cuz i really like like
making it myself and lock killed this
baby egg could have been killed later
and eaten in a different way hmm okay
I'm okay with it now
lot drugs sure where was the last time I
heard that son las vegas where was it
wasn't betting is anti-christian
Recovery Center it's like like seriously
like the blog he went from like back in
the day we were like so crazy every day
to like it's like I'm like you know what
I've hurt women my words and then Tony
apparently has the giant drug problem
and Lindsey Lindsey you have to be a
prostitute now you have to we're going
gritty we're going gritty we're we're
pulling we're pulling a spider-man /
batman / every fucking comic that was
ever met the one thing i have found
that's really really really really
really helpful is I'm just always having
a shit ton of bananas or like with
apples or something just something that
I can snack on because when I'm in the
house for a lot of the day when I'm
doing the shows and stuff i I just I
need to snack as i get like you know
these hunger cravings and normally what
i would do is I'd order pizza hut or
something like that and oh my god its
own ass daddy like 14 wings with ranch
and sometimes I'll get breadsticks but
like as long as I have a banana there it
curbs my appetite and I don't feel bad
about it and like still like oh I can
still go out because I would finish my
show and I would be like so weighed down
by all the food i just ate that'd be
like oh just an but i find myself
because i know i know it weights not
like the number one indicator of health
or anything but i feel Michael feel
myself having more energy now I'm still
I'm still up and down because I'm not
full on giving up on caffeine yet just
because I need something to push me and
that's that's because I've told you guys
that I've been not fighting but trying
to get off my ed ed medication and so
I've been off of that for about a week
and a half two weeks I uh and so I'm
feeling good and feeling good but uh
yeah i got i also got something in the
mail but i'll show you that
next video and I hope you guys are
keeping up with me i'm loving i'm loving
all the messages and all the vlogs you
guys sending of you doing it with me and
it's fun it's fun it's oh boy yeah i
should have stopped the video there but
I didn't oh man did it
