say sepia beautiful kiddos Tracy sup you
beautiful kiddos alright they all got
the audio going levels are nice how you
doing today so that's a nice shirt
thank you I found out that I have two of
them but people in the video is gonna
are gonna think on the pds they're gonna
think it's the same I have no idea
they'll have a we're gonna reveal the
what the sheeple cert we're gonna reveal
the wake up sheeple sir
alright and then uh it's you what's up
what's up sheeple i could be the new
tagline oh yeah people love be called
sheet and then you slept on my desk the
other day some footage well yeah so
about that I I think I explained it at
one point maybe we're not even that well
I asked Brianna cuz I was filming she
could go snag me the new shadow war game
excited for it I figured you know what
let me just get the the version with a
season pass it's usually like $99 $89
something like that normal game 60 so I
said Brianna just get me whatever is
going to be the most expensive one turns
out is another edition called the
mithril edition it is sold at game stops
and Microsoft and blah blah blah it's
$300 and so I figured we have to open it
up and turn it into content so that it's
not just a giant hole of money anyway my
son makes it okay so we're gonna cut to
that then we're gonna come back and
we're gonna do some more office shit
good oh so you want to give me a cool
transition fill Trey do you want to open
this with me do you want to open this
box with me
I don't know
I'd go out of office today to look at
some new places for this video since
we're growing it's a superhero I think
so I told Brianna hey I've listened to
people to get this game that I wanted I
think there's like a few versions of it
just get me the most expensive one
thinking it was like a hundred dollar
one with a season pass for the
expansions but she went to game stuff
and apparently there is a no that's
right that's that's a cord blood thing
apparently there is a 300 dollar version
of the game that I was not aware of so
we're gonna open it you ready to open it
yeah mithril Edition didn't know that
was a thing you ready
first thing first whoa what's that is
that a ring we're gonna make a robot is
that we're doing we have the gold
edition game the official soundtrack on
CB let's see what's in this giant part
here you hold this so you know how
mommy's camera works yeah where you look
into the lens and talk yeah so you can
just hold it like that and then up to it
is that a puppy what does it look like
no no no we massively overpaid for this
this is a lot out of let's see what
mommy thinks about it oh it's so
beautiful
but it goes with the decor look at your
faces like not only did I bury this bed
but I've attached actually a baby so
let's see what's in here Trey I think
they call this a limited edition choking
hazard no back where do we live we live
in Oz glia Oh where's your school Oh Oh
in Minas Tirith yeah where does mommy go
to the gym yeah just in the snow
what are your friends live yeah that
explains so much is that school whoa one
two three four five what what rating
would you give this that's that's music
okay I'm gonna plug this into the ps4
okay what do you say
G here what did it mean
my little cameraman you see me yeah hi I
think I see your finger in front of the
camera now I have it on you have to say
something magic say sup you beautiful
kiddos train say stuff you beautiful
kiddos trace a stop
trace a stick you're fired you're not
listening to instructions
that's your backpack what do you do with
your backpack okay you put it on your
back you need help okay come here are
you ready yeah okay that's a good look
for you man
you know alright so that was a cute
little video of you and Trey yes I hope
you enjoyed that part of the video we do
with the cert reveal now right
oh the sheeple yeah the super high but
Ryan's not here why he went to fries or
some how so he's actually working yeah
he's working is doing something
productive do you have to design bright
important brain you're the boss Phil you
tell them what to do I don't really feel
powerful when you're the one telling me
to tell him so it doesn't feel good Joe
I've realized that what it is I need to
be like 100 percent peaked me to
interaction there's money in here Oh
honey there's money I thought it was
gonna drop in front of me don't spill
that hit my face then hit my shin it
kind of hurt my have initially might be
other doctor oh look at it's like it was
common for me how they know right here
it is here it is ready boom let's print
one out can you print one out in the
enough you know what with that printer
we'll just print it out and that done
with it
put it out we'll throw a shirt in the
paper printer and we'll make it work we
have B is that printer what is her
printer you can make it work get a
t-shirt and shove it in there okay
alright cool down the t-shirt down TC
Brian look at that Brian oh my god I
told you it'd work I would just need
Ryan the word
Ryan yeah you're sure oh I think that is
the most amazing thing that I've ever
seen Ryan you've had a Brian you did an
amazing job
all right here put it on okay boom oh
that's great man look at that I think
I'm gonna wear this every single day for
the next week
am i woke now is that is that what
happens when you put on the wake up
sheeple shirt now yeah well maybe maybe
you're woke I think this is cost for
last handshake with Brian Oh left hand
handshake okay cool
this is the best shirt that has ever
existed you will not regret getting this
shirt it's a conspiracy
I'm sure yes this whole thing is a
conspiracy what happened Wow to you bro
that's a no male it took me a year how
are you today Brianna
