good morning so it's officially it's
officially day one breakfast is usually
a hard thing for me because actually for
the last two months or actually probably
more I just woke up I've gone to
Starbucks and I got one of their like
pre-made sausage sandwiches they just
heat up and you're just like oh I
shouldn't be eating this so I decided
I'm gonna make my own breakfast I hate
8so eggs is when everyone's I was gonna
get I hate eggs but so we're gonna do
eggs you know we're gonna do eggs with
some water ham but I'm gonna add a
little tiny bit of salsa to the eggs to
give me its give me a little flavor
because you know I'm addicted to food I
love food I just I need I need there to
be something tasty about it so scrambled
because I'm apparently the only person
on the planet that can fuck up a
sunny-side up egg cannot do it to save
my life I don't know I think I'm just I
think I just I overthink the angam like
is that it's not it's chewy oaky it's
not yoki I don't know is it I don't know
is it so we're gonna make some breakfast
yeah oh and then I got this this stuff I
was reading some blogs people said that
even Irit really you need to eat you
need this on your cover you're like
let's make it as unappealing that's
possible there we go so I'm supposed to
eat like a tablespoon and drink water
and I'm not that excited about that so
I'll think about it
there we go get three scrambled eggs
some some ham and some salsa now the
reason I threw in the salsa this time is
I'm trying to stay away from cheese
because I would usually just smother
this some cheese over well the taste the
eggs because I hate it but you know
actually it's it was really good I mean
I've been enjoying it so so good parts
for this and so I guess the next thing
I'm about to say might so as most of you
know I am I'm addicted to modern warfare
2 and pretty much just my xbox 360 in
general
what I'm going to do and it's a little
painful to me I just cringe in pain is
it going to be terrible I am going to
give my xbox 360 my buddy Tony and I'm
not actually going to play any console
games or anything pretty much anything
unless someone like mine might hide my
iPhone and I go to the bathroom because
that's where you play video games on the
iPhone yeah
don't deny it I am NOT gonna play video
games so I can force myself to do
something productive I'm not gonna play
any steam not gonna do anything getting
rid of it and hopefully I'll get to
under 200 pounds which is which is the
goal I'm setting once I'm under 200
pounds I will I will get myself as a
prize one of the new Xbox 360s so yeah
that's gonna be painful oh man does it
be really painful I'm like I'm already
jonesing I'm like man I need I need I
need to fucking I need the hardscope
sumbitches oh so we're about to give
Tony his present
Tony's wanted one of these for like past
year and a half so I'm leaving Tony's we
had like a four-hour meeting about a lot
of the stuff we have a lot of really
cool stuff going on I'm like I'm like
what can I say it's it's really awesome
stuff one second a lot of the talks are
essentially just stuff that makes our
lives easier helps us grow make more
really good content and there's a bunch
of really cool stuff that's gonna be
coming out over the over the summer and
just after summer and I'm super excited
about I don't want I know what Tony
doesn't want me to pimp out the channels
yet you know builds up a subscriber base
that won't be there when we finally
launch but uh it's really cool stuff but
okay overall today
let's see fitness stuff I did a little
more working out some resistance stuff
more more rope and I'm probably done for
rope jump rope for like two days I I can
barely walk right now my my calves and
my the bottoms of my feet are so sore
like just anything touching and I'm like
I don't know that this is but uh yeah
and I ate well today and it's good so
we're through the day I'm gonna go home
drink some water so that I don't eat and
I was a good first day
so we'll see we'll see if and of course
if you're doing this along with me just
doing anything you can send a video
response which I have it on that a
little bit of libel your ever and you
can do it along with me and stuff and
things okay I love you guys work it
towards the day too and stuff and things
again a long time
