so there's a lot of you know this is in
HFS 11 and I wanted to see what it would
look like with a wide angle lens so
we're about to test that beast out and
this is it with the other wide-angle
lens it adds a little weight to the
front but obviously you can see a lot
more and the image is really crisp and
it's kind of it's actually a little
intimidating those of this lens is very
scary okay so one of the things i got my
god along with the wide angle lens was
uh this rope it's a weighted rope and
not realize how much it would kick my
ass but it has and you know one of the
things for vlogs and more especially
weight loss logs you like i want to do
it and then you know you give up because
if a bunch of other stuff going on but
uh I'm just tired of being tired so we
are going to call this weight loss
effort this lifestyle change project
lose an Olsen twin that's what we're
gonna do and I'm gonna I'm gonna do it
as public as possible which includes
tweeting my weight every morning I know
it fluctuates like three to six pounds
but it's just you know if if there is a
huge fluctuation that everyone knows
about it and everyone can support me
like which it which I was really
surprised i posted this idea on twitter
and everyone was super super nice and it
wasn't it wasn't super mean and it was
it was good and which is which is great
because I I don't know i was getting
like a overwhelming amount of negative
stuff thrown at me online and a lot of
it was actually because of my weight and
I didn't think it was a secret I say it
all the time but it was it was a shock
to so many that I have a weight problem
and yeah I just you know I just had
wanna I want to be able to fit correctly
in in in a spring suit when I go boogie
boarding i wanna i wanna not feel
tired all the time i wanna i don't know
i want i want to enjoy what I have
before my IP KD kicks and I a lot of a
lot of I don't know the anger that I
experienced my life is is really
attributed to my weight and my general
feeling of being stuck in and then
suffocating in my own body and I don't
know i think a lot of people can kind of
maybe relate to that if you're one of
those people though that you you are you
can eat whatever you want i hate you but
no I don't hate you i but you know i
just i I've it one of the things that
the philip defranco show and anything
else I've done has shown me like the
flaws in myself because I you know I
feel like I'm right on a number of
topics not everything if I was up if I
thought I was right on everything I'd be
a full-blown asshole but you know one of
the things I look at on the show and I
regret is I think I though the way that
I jokingly talk about women i'm pretty
sure i've made women feel bad about
themselves and i hate that i honest to
god I look back and I'm like I've jumped
on someone because of their weights
before I was big while I was big and you
know that that's that's a hurts that's
that's that's a hurt I understand no I
don't know
I know we're gonna go we're going to go
to the store by we I mean me and this
this beautiful camera I will bring it
inside because I don't want people to
think that I'm filming them because when
you go to Whole Foods there's some hot
people because you get you get the body
builders and the porn stars and they're
like oh camera where's the dick where is
the dick put it in our mouth I don't
know what once I don't know but I'm
gonna get some some decent food and
we're gonna we're gonna fill out start
this tomorrow tomorrow is and stuff but
it'll actually be two days from this
video because i want to have time to be
able to make sure that i can put these
videos out and not flake so yeah project
lose an Olsen twin start it no so I saw
your tweet yesterday we said that I
looked like an asshole what was that
about
