good morning boys and girls my voice may
sound different because I'm losing it
after about three days of meeting fellow
tubers and people of the nation my voice
is like you don't ever really talk this
much you don't you talk for an hour and
then you edit yourself that when you
were talking for about two and then you
kind of just stay quiet unless you're
playing modern warfare two and you
scream batch o banner but my friend here
is helping me oh hi I really don't like
drinking starbucks because it's not
really that tasty but I need something
warm on my throat there's not a gang of
dudes that's a weird gangbang joke at
seven o'clock in the morning but uh yeah
just just hanging out here and I'll
introduce you to one of my new friends
that's closest what's up what's up day
three VidCon three so uh DJ actually has
a peg leg i'm not going to pan down it
happened on day two we're just going to
get my parrot it was a horrible ball pit
accident I know those balls are just
sama was actually day one he was white
which was did you which is weird exactly
sometimes like I just it did I actually
had a bandaid on my finger there you go
there you go there's this guy Oh Peter
coffin oh mere Peter coffin such a rebel
he went to sleep at eight thirty people
like dude why are you going I'm like
because I'm tired my legs hurt the shop
either the Shah but you know you should
have gone downstairs for the five hour
concert that was like except for Charlie
Charlie's sang so so so I saw your tweet
yesterday where you said that I look
like an asshole what was that about
was over huh huh what super nice we love
it if you love each other now 00 have to
edit that out I'm sorry she did it to me
it was nice meeting you yeah so hey
what's up this is all the talking to do
for the rest of the day because my voice
is actually starting to come back so I
snuck out a vid con people were like
watching the spain netherlands game so I
snuck home just so I could I could watch
it in bed by myself with no pants so I
hate pants no but I decided to I got out
of there early today because it was like
fourth day it's done it was John I loved
it speaking in front of like a thousand
people um meeting meeting you guys
inappropriately squeezing parts of Shira
Lazar it was it was good time my
girlfriend was there so don't don't be
like Oh what about Lindsay she was there
ok yeah um but yeah I'm tired as you can
tell by most this video where is because
it was an exciting video but um it was
it was really great seeing a bunch of
you guys and it these sort of things
always pumped me up and Riaan spire me
to continue making videos and continue
trying to support other people and i'll
also try and upload via the audio of the
the interview that i had mr. john green
the one he conducted with me in front of
the crowd but yeah i'm gonna take a bath
use those blackout curtains lay under a
mountain of pillows and i'm gonna go to
sleep yeah things stuff monday philip
defranco show coming up more vlog stuff
things tired man banana bananas but then
I was oh my god wouldn't that be
terrible if I I did all my blogs like
hey guys someone's in the house I'm
being robbed
