oh hey interwebs it's officially the
first day of VidCon I was here last
night of course and it was a good time
and saw a lot of familiar faces saw a
lot of new faces and I didn't realize
there's so many part there's like 10,000
partners now and they're all like
younger they're all younger younger
younger younger and you're just like
holy holy shit son hey why are you at a
hotel why are you at a hotel huh what
about you are you Lindsay Elizabeth I've
been I've been trying to convince her no
it's probably not a good thing said to
bring the dog to a hotel
I mean we live 40 minutes away it's not
like it's not like we had to bring them
but uh yeah it's been it's been really
cool today is the first day I'm going to
be speaking in front of a crowd of
people I'm not sure how big though it's
I mean it's the first day it's at noon a
lot of people are probably hungover from
last night but uh to the three people
that do show up I think it'll be fun so
um yeah I think there's a live stream if
there is I'll try and put it in the
description but just go to VidCon 2010
dot-com and I think there's suppose to
be live streams I heard there was tech
technical difficulties I don't know I'm
kind of scared because I don't know what
the questions are gonna be and I have to
talk apparently for 30 minutes so uh
yeah we'll see how that goes
I'm kind of I'm kind of scared about
public speaking I did I did I did a
small panel yesterday and it was pretty
funny because um and I was talking about
how how youtubers work a lot like we're
people that have to produce content 365
24/7 and I was making it I was like we
are the most overworked people since and
this black I was like slavery and I was
like yes Thank You black man and
everyone started laughing and then I was
like yes yes I I'm so glad that I got to
come to a big YouTube thing in front of
a few hundred people we got to we got to
embrace in a slavery joke thank you sir
thank you but it'll be fun and
interesting and we'll uh I know I'll try
to get some footage while I'm up there
and you can you can you can be terrified
with me before you'll be like oh this
wasn't scary at all ah okay but I'm
gonna sign off and because I'm on my
iPhone and I'm uploading it for my
iPhone because I left a lot of my
equipment in a buddy's room I'll include
some pictures at the end so you can be
like oh so that's what some of the stuff
looks like all right love you guys a
long time and I'll see you soon
