you know I change I change what these
vlogs are always about and I feel like a
vlog should be oh yeah buddy okay hmm
hey rather than giving a back story of
who you are and what you're about
because really okay I would even say
that
but whatever no I'm just what um what's
it tell me what are your wish favorite
color depends on the day but navy blue
pretty much okay that's a woman she's
like putting it depends on the day
difference my mood to put them in my
outfit she's like stipulations scenarios
this is wait but is it who is president
who is the president okay
Barack Obama is the president my
favorite color it's perfect secondly if
you have the choice right only one of
the two could happen you could save you
could stop AIDS or or shut up uh P or
the Braves would win five World Series
in a row depends on if I would get
credit really depends okay like and I
know well okay what's your answer like
your answer when no one's listening
my answer when no one's listening if I
want what the Yankees to win five World
Series the we already do that Lindsay we
that's why we pay so much money that's
why we I like how I say we and like I'm
in the jug like I like I'm in the dugout
oh yeah you do it
you do it no okay yeah I would stop aids
single-handedly you with your so Tori
you're so torn no no but if you get it
out of all the people that currently
have it thirdly favorites and least
favorites
I say least favorite but what I mean is
hate thing about me was this whole like
sitting down video thing like trying to
get something out of no you yes I'm like
a love war which what's bothering you
think you ever probably gonna talk on my
feelings no oh wait so um oh my favorite
thing your favorite thing and your least
favorite thing okay anything the thing I
hate the most about you is how bad your
farts are yes how frequently they occur
and most of the time it's in bed which
there's like no escaping okay there's
like a fan on us so it tries to go away
but just comes back and then he like
lifts up the covers and just lets it out
it's really bad it's it's terrible but
it is hilarious for me Spray stuff like
it's very ha ha oh I'm sure I just you
go no it's probably just me it's just me
it's all the vegetarians are gonna leave
comments but you wouldn't happen feel it
wouldn't happen if you ate fruits which
actually is it's totally true it's like
well I mean it depends on the food you
eat know what I mean but it okay it
depends on the food you eat because I
eat like shit like this pass here and
that's when it's really become like a I
fart terribly this is this video this
video needs to be called I fart in
Lindsay's mouth that's what this videos
gonna be called yeah it's just gonna
we're gonna Photoshop a picture you have
Photoshop so it's good they have
multiple shops of that deal and then
favorite thing since in see just the
lunged out with the thing you hate about
me
okay it could be worse it could be like
I hate every day okay um I like your
dimples and they like
you're sweet I like when you're sweet I
like your lips you're funny
and I like that you my dad you're home
now and I really like that you always
support me like with what I want to do
sorry your hair looks like it's going
like this on each side no I don't think
so
Eddy final words shit is weak
