you know man I didn't have anything
recorded on my HD cam so i'm actually
using the even lower quality side of my
iphone but uh man i was trying to get
out of the house today like multiple
times after I did the show and like my
dogs they like the guilt trip babe
there's like I'm a lick your face not
like your face and you're gonna stay who
you love us and you're not a terrible
person uh and yeah so I accomplished
nothing but work today yay wait is that
a bad thing all right isn't that like
the minimum I don't know fancy seeing
you here puppies huh and when you do it
we do in my house we do it but today is
a very very lazy day I today I literally
I did the show I cleaned up a bit I ate
an old piece of pizza and when Lindsay
gets back from work we're probably going
to watch toy story 3 because I'm not
ready to see the new twilight movie
especially if I have to see it with a
bunch of twat tardes I use that that
phrase with love little girls uh and
email boys but uh yeah yeah man yeah
yesterday I got a I got a massage I got
a massage from this new this new lady
that I started going to like once every
two months when I'm like I'm back my
burger I'm an old man and it's like
magic it makes me feel good for like a
week I don't know it's if if you can get
it I was usually like why would I need a
massage if you can get a massage right
get a suite of Swedish massage don't
don't get anything like fancy don't get
like the tie ones where they walk on you
once he talked me into that and that was
it was kind of weird because you think
anos time I saw it's like all old ladies
and they hurt you they hurt you with
their feet
which is like cool if you're into fetish
like feet fetish websites but otherwise
really well but it's all subtitles life
what what I did is he talking about why
the TV and subtitles make no sense but
um you know I used to actually when I
was growing up I wanted to be a masseuse
because that was like that was like the
only reason girls liked me is I was
really good with my hands not in the
dirty way which was after you know
college / before college um but you know
I would like I'd be like oh you have a
headache let me rub your hand may be
like oh my god fill my head is going my
headaches gone I was like yeah what's up
Spanish too let's watch movies and
Spanish a rub hot girls hands and then
they'll never even look at me like I do
that they would ever want to touch
because I'm a fat kid who's rubbing her
hand and I'm just like I'm insta friend
zone but yeah you still want to be a
masseuse and then and then I don't know
then I stopped wanting to be a masseuse
but yeah cuz I never really wanted to do
anything in entertainment like the
closest I did I wanted to do for that it
was I wanted to write music like there's
always been like there's always been
like a jingle in my head that's why I
like all the intros and mainly the
intros that on any of the show is they
like they get stuck in your head because
it's like something that just like pops
out like it to a certain beaten I'm like
ah detective it's addictive and so my
brains like kind of sometimes a jingle
machine and then I wanted to be really I
don't want to be anything else like my
parents told me I want to be a doctor so
I did that for 20 years and yeah and
that's and that's it but what did you
want to be what do you want to be when
you grow up or what did you want to be
and don't say don't say oh when I grow
up I want to be big on YouTube because
those two things don't happen together
you don't grow up and become big on
YouTube usually uh you can't grow up you
can't have to be a child at heart just
childlike but your penis needs to be
like a Marin but yeah
uh what you want to be when you were
growing up and stuff I'm gonna go do oh
I'm gonna go pick up shit yay I love
having dogs oh oh oh
