oh hi um it is Tuesday I think it's the
29th issue maybe I don't know and if you
see behind me California is in June
gloom mode yay if you don't know what
June gloom is its gloomy it's suck yes
whether I'm like let me show you clouds
it's just one big color to you but yeah
I showed you it's essentially just like
cloudy until 3:00 usually and then the
sun's like hello in my brain that the
Sun is huge flamer no offense to flamers
I think you guys are awesome with your
bright colors and your dance moves
anyway what am I talking about so it's
something I wanted to talk about in my
my my daily journal or as I like to call
on my super-gay vloggity is I talked to
my mom this morning which wouldn't
necessarily be news until she informs me
on the phone several times that I
actually had not talked to her in over a
month and I was like oh wow and anyone
that knows me personally know is that
unless you call a lot it's really hard
to stay in contact with me just because
whatever I'm doing like if something's
in front of me I do it under 10% we talk
about this it's like a very addictive
personality so it's like if I'm
wallowing in my own self misery doing
that 110% if I'm happy and I'm like
trying to create something or blah Blee
blah doing that a hundred ten percent
and plus the house really hasn't had
signal so actually now that I installed
the ATT micro so I'm getting all these
calls and I'm like oh hey what's up no I
wasn't avoiding you I just I just it was
that when I'd walk at that house I get
18 voicemails I go fuck that I don't
like you that much um you gave birth to
me are you sure about that can you prove
that with documents but in that way I'm
a bad son not a bad son because I don't
make a conscious effort flaws we all
have them I just have more than you but
I was thinking about that relationship
that you end up having with your parents
because you know when I see people that
like still live with their parents
and they have a good relationship I'm
like how how did you do it I want to
like I want to like be like that lady
that went out and like she lived with
the Apes you know she was like oh she
studied them I want to do that with like
a happy
family I'm like how do they do it okay
and he's not the dad's not cheating on
the mom and they're actually together
and the moms not cheating on the dad how
is this working I mean I think it a lot
of you coming from like split households
you're like yeah Christmas was awesome
but everything else was traumatizing
even parts of Christmas but like my
relationship with my mom she got the
short end of the stick because she's
crazy and also she had to be the serious
parent the one I lived with because my
parents split up and I thought my dad
was like the fun dad I'm like yeah fun
dad and then we switched like I started
living with him and was like oh you can
be a serious dad and I think I think
that growing up in a in a divorced
household you kind of grow up faster
because you see the the wide range of
emotions and you see a lot of things
that I think you wouldn't see in a
regular household plus you get to meet
lots of people because your dad's having
sex with them and you're like oh hey
possible new mommy how are you doing
he's gonna laugh at that or he's going
to drive across the country and kill me
either way funny to me but you know I
just my relationship with my parents
actually got a lot better after I moved
out and actually even even better after
college because I stopped being a
disappointment to them so that was good
families man they're all they're all
different but they're all the same
they're all complex and they're all
simple I don't know craziness do you
have a do you have that in future super
gay vlog ADIZ I'll uh I'll talk about
them like certain parts and in better
detail my my family is kind of kind of
interesting but yeah I mean what are you
what's your relationship with your
parents boys and girls I've been I've
been enjoying looking through the
comments and actually messaging a few of
you because you're actually interesting
unlike the rest of you've not not not
really I just don't have that much time
so I like trying to connect with a
person here there yeah that's that's
your question what's what's your
relationship like now with your parents
and if maybe you've moved out you're one
of my older viewers main point what's
your relationship with like your pic
with your family your parents people
that live in
general how soul of vicinity yeah I
think that would be interesting it's
weird and and bonus points if you have a
camera film um let them know that their
own film because I might use your
footage and I don't wanna get sued
that'd be a plus hey I'm gonna I'm gonna
go downstairs film today is Philip
DeFranco show if you uh be missed it
well you're a communist and you should
probably watch it and stuff and things I
say that too fucking much okay
