ninja papi you watch it jump into my
hand a puppy we're gonna do
let's do this inside kept getting
smacked by waves um so a lot of people
yesterday they freaked out like in a
positive way or in a negative way when
they found out you guys found out that I
smoked legal marijuana from time to time
you're like and I could understand the
positive or the negative reaction if I
was smoking marijuana to be an escapist
to escape my situation in life like if I
couldn't deal with a situation not not
like pain but like my life is always so
stressful i'm gonna smoke weed in the
middle of the day i think that's that's
you're like oh that's a problem whether
you're you're you're smoking weed you're
drinking you're doing something like
self-medicating you in which you can do
through alcohol or anything that's a
problem you know because you need to be
able to figure out how to get past shit
because um otherwise you're gonna you're
gonna wish someone was holding your hand
through life and that's not really
what's gonna what's gonna happen have to
deal with shit and let's move away from
weed because you know if you like it you
like it you don't you don't and you have
your reasons and I can respect either
way but if you call me like a fucking
cunt for smoking marijuana you can fuck
and jump off a cliff yeah into a spiked
dildo pit filled with AIDS anyway that
was weird I was weird i wonder if that
exists but i can i can understand stress
you know stress is stress something that
everyone deals with you know big or
small there there's just different kinds
of stress i personally do with my stress
by going to the ocean or going upstairs
and going to the ocean really I Ares is
like going to the ocean these days is
all I really good and you just have to
have that one thing you know that lets
you blow off steam that lets you go like
ah nothing in the world matter is I can
turn my mind off it's good you know
sometime maybe you're riding a bicycle
or a motorcycle or something you know
something you can kind of turn it off so
what
thinking internet if you wanted to share
what do you do to destress and what
stresses you out like what what's
stressing it because everyone's like oh
man you're in high school what do you
have to stress about fuck you dude you
were in high school don't be a dickhead
you know what stresses people of them um
being I'm interested because you know
everything stressing everyone out at
some point and with people or without
people you got to get through it yeah
just I just wanted to know and yeah as
always put in text responses and video
responses but i'm gonna go i'm gonna go
actually to the ocean again so make sure
you check out today's philip defranco
show which is actually up now or will be
in 30 minutes so click the link in the
description or it's a video response or
something but I'm I go let me long time
pause
