whoa
oh hi interwebs people ah so I just got
back into uh into home land ville and
you know it's it's a good it's good to
be home
it is oh my god this place is a wreck I
gotta clean it after this video aid are
we drawing zoomed out it's so close to
my face anyway um San Francisco was fun
the revision3 guys brought me out to see
what the other side lives like and it's
cool the other side of course people
that actually do get views but they're
not necessarily on YouTube and it was it
was cool to see there's a lot of a lot
of production a lot of people I met oh
my god my hair I got to take a shower I
met Kevin Rose who is a very very nice
dude he's probably the nicest dude one
of the nicest people I've met in the
industry and he was nice to me and he
didn't know me so that was that was a
plus that's always a plus because a lot
of people are super fake nice to me
they're like wait so how do you spell
your channel name again and then we like
we're saying Bonnie's like just love
your shit though we got to talk
we got him like you're such your fucking
lawyer and you're lying to me in a
stupid way so you're either really
stupid yourself or you're assuming I'm
really stupid which I'm offended by the
level of stupid in this debacle but um
yeah stuff I got a I want to share
something with you I got something and
this isn't a paid sponsorship because I
feel kind of fuckin stupid for having to
get this in the first place it's a micro
cell tower and what it does is um I have
no bars in my house because it's very
concrete tea and then there are stuff
and magic but what it does for specific
numbers within 2,000 feet it makes me go
from zero bars to bubble oh wait can we
see it now we can't wait I pull bars
there we go
there are full bars and it's kind of
like that that Apple mentality they're
like okay so I can do some stuff and
it's pretty awesome
and then I go away never mind we can't
do it but here's something that make it
makes it work you just have to buy it
for $55 yeah yeah um so I I hate that I
had to get that but I did but I wanted
to talk about in this video
Oh our chairs that lean backwards what I
wanted to talk about in this video was
um when I was in San Francisco at the
the dig party I can usually I can
usually keep my buzz pretty good I know
where it is how to keep it there but
sometimes you're you walking a fine line
when you go over you just forget how
much you're drinking and then you meet
people that recognize you in the lab
we're doing Jager in tequila shots
yeah and then for the first time ever I
blacked out
I don't remember part of the evening but
luckily I apparently have the most
laid-back blackout mentality ever
because blackout fill was smart enough
to decline interviews without going fuck
you interview what do you mean you want
to enter me what does that even mean
fucker like ia was just like oh no sorry
I'm I'm heading out I'm heading out okay
and and just got the fuck out of it
because there's a shit ton of cameras
and luckily my girlfriend is my my
wingman or rather wing lady so it's good
that I'm dating someone that understands
what it's like and I'm dating my best
friend and she helped me get out of
there which was good she was good she
was like she's like I got the package we
got the package she's gonna blow in
t-minus 20 we need to get a we got him
out he's the rendezvous okay now okay
you throw up but it was outside no no
cameras we're good we're good we're in
the clear the package in the clear but
it was one of those things that just
made me realize how much more I like
marijuana than then drinking I do I I
recently got my green card so I can work
here legally in America and then I got
my marijuana cards and you can smoke
marijuana in California and I think
that's magical and I don't use it
recreationally at parties or anything
like that
I I take it like or I take it I yeah I
take it an hour before I go to sleep
kills any anxiety I had any of the
slight back pain I have from like this
tiny car accident from my past and when
I sleep eight hours I wake up and I'm
not in this crazy haze it's it's good I
just I like it I like it's a waltz and I
don't know I think I can see that being
better than alcohol because alcohol
makes people fucking crazy but I've
never like been punched in the face by a
dude that's like really angry on
marijuana or the other way actually I've
never really gotten to a fight anyway I
don't know so made me wonder what do you
think what do you do you like marijuana
more than alcohol you like a bulb you
hate them both why let me know I am a
I'm actually I'm generally intrigued
it's just it's something I recently went
through and I thought hey you know would
have an opinion on this he's fucking a
few thousand people I know but yeah let
me know and I'm going to go um put my
mouth on some vagina and go I can do it
why can't I do it I can't do it fuck
fuck
okay no Mel Vaughn vagina we got a
canceled
