what's up Phil ed um so what I was
wondering is what kind of things do you
do to get into the mindset of being
business oriented for the day like what
sort of things you do to stay on track
and not get beard off by the internet um
so yeah okay so this is a problem that
just plagues internet people you want to
get stuff done but then you end up going
like Facebook Hulu YouTube wherever the
hell that involves pornography and for
me it's staying away from my xbox xbox
360 ps3 wii they're all they're all evil
they're all evil i get so much more
stuff done and I got to get to watch so
much more par na n√≥g raphy pornography
when I don't play video games but it's
very tempting and it's and it's hard to
do it in moderation because it's the
same reason I'm fat I I can't just have
a little of something I'm like this
tastes delicious give me a mountain of
it it's one of the reasons I don't smoke
cigarettes I'm like oh my god something
that will make me feel amazing then
eventually if I don't do it it'll make
me feel like shit yes I would like a
second girlfriend hahaha I'm joking baby
please don't stab me in my sleep um but
boys and girls what you need to do is
just start working as fast as possible
expect to eventually be misguided it's
kind of why I like these video responses
i'm knocking out like a week in a day
and then I'll do it again and then like
that because if I do one every day if
I'm like oh I'll just I'll put it out
put aside 10 20 minutes I'll do it then
I won't because I'll be like stuck into
something off I love whatever I'm doing
I love doing it if I'm playing video
games I do it for eight hours if I'm if
I'm eating vagina I use I want to do it
as much as possible and be the best at
it which is a good thing for her a bad
thing from my schedule because then I
just I end up being like the hardest
person to contact really bad at
scheduling I i'm just i'm super i'm
super bad at that something that's
really helped me as of recently is my
buddy he has this the saying i think i
forget where it comes from but it's that
feelings are not facts what you feel is
not necessarily
the truth you know whether you're like I
need I need chocolate now you don't it's
it's not a fact that's just something
that's a feeling that's a that's a
that's an electric thing going off and
your brain saying I need this and that's
and that's the thing is for me I usually
react very emotionally whether it's a
it's business personal life I usually am
very my act with my heart more so than
bringing something that down and
thinking about it first which is
something that I've been working on and
fixing myself and and now my mindset is
be a mirror I mean be yourself but if
someone's acting a certain way just
reacts like a mirror someone's nice to
you be nice back if someone's being
skeptical they might have a reason that
they're being that way so be skeptical
yourself someone's working hard and
they're really fast then try and be like
them this kind of veers off into
something completely different but one
of the biggest things about being a
mirror is that it doesn't discriminate
if you're black white whatever color
you're wealthy or poor you're religious
or orientation anything I mean there are
so many times like people that I've been
in meetings with or something that they
just treat like their leader or like a
driver or one of their employees like
shit just plain out rude and mean I'm
too busy trying to reach my goals than
to act out emotionally so if one of the
people that I employed just didn't give
a shit anymore then I'm not gonna give a
shit about them but if someone's
fighting for me and they're killing for
me gonna do it right back for them you
get what you give but I hope that
answered your question and kind of gave
you a little insight into some other
stuff guys of course we have any other
questions anything really send it as a
video response to this video and I'll uh
maybe sending you a video response in
the very near future
