me
art sound Wow I don't know where that is
Phil doesn't even just come in here and
say hello you just you make noises
I just wanted to confuse you for a
second I can't wait in like 10 years
from that one we're still doing this
where our conversations are gonna go 10
years Phil think we'll make it one of us
a little what does that mean you can
take it as a threat whether if something
happens you fail and you're like maybe
win a million dollars or something and
then I go wow that was good yeah then
someone needs to take over the PDS
people only saying it you know I can
take over the PDS for you Joe I love you
so much I would not want that to happen
the vlog audience there with you it's a
whole different game no no no they've
torn apart people that I think are
legitimately better than me I have
certain things we'll make it happen one
day maybe what this like like no there's
no we in that state shove you in a
closet you know and Oh where's Phil oh I
guess someone has to take over for the
day you know no I wouldn't do that with
you that I wouldn't kidnap one your kids
I'm gonna do that anyway I don't know
where this conversations going I'm
shooting out at a show
oh my answering emails from over the
weekend no riveting stuff Kevin's coming
by today
yeah so we're testing a few different
concept where you don't have someone on
camera even today like I hovered four
stories to show into the band like 13
plus a minute but there are still four
workable stories that I could do but I
don't want to make a 25-minute Phillip
DeFranco show yeah we can continent
weekend content to the big guns coming
in for Bo and tucking at him about
testing a podcast together
oh yeah just us talking we have such a
bad podcast that's what I know me and
you and you I think we could be good
that's practice it okay start a subject
uh provide an example jails talking
about pillows let's talk about desk your
desk that's what we talked about it
would be a really bad podcast everything
that we could I always thinking up was
like mean thing and I don't want to say
it out loud okay I can't take it back I
have pigskin
I put SPF on it so it's pretty healthy
too healthy thick skin all right cool
nope just being you man
Oh lumbers Eck we're talking about my
future I'm getting a dog
great let's make that a podcast it's a
dog all right bye good luck on your
daughter yeah heard you going somewhere
yeah we're gonna go stand up the Guitar
Center Guitar Center for what mic stands
and ASIC stands we're gonna do some vo
works but it's not a guitar where we
going to Guitar Center why not is it
this game some music stuff they got
guitars they got ukuleles kind of racist
though that they just called Guitar
Center not like banjo Center doesn't
work there Jim's got murdered this
weekend the pure allegations and it's
about me what happened guys get into a
fight or something
I need drama thanks for this amazing
content I was hoping that there was yeah
we got run over by a car or something
but a black car yeah exactly this what I
was looking for so what happened I was
jogging in the morning going across the
crosswalk I guess the guy was just
trying to hang on turn and lightly
bumped into me and I fell on the ground
oh my god that thing is so eager though
doctors to make sure what's okay you
have a fake knee when I was young great
mess nothing evil there no Jana's
accidents
don't be kids so you gonna sue Helen why
not well what was he driving driving
Mercedes driver like an o2 Civic yeah
I've definitely seen that though we just
went to music Depot music we just went
to Guitar Center wait were you serious
about music Depot no we just went to
Guitar Center I mean were you referring
to how I said that Guitar Center might
be a racist term is alienating all these
other instruments music depots just a
store my hometown oh okay I thought he's
just being keep seeing what about it
okay we're all the white Mike's games
usually a white gear doesn't exist in
production because it sticks out when
black gear kind of fits in and it's
sounding really racist Rogers ready to
do something voice work are you doing
some voice work I do like you do the
voices if you say there is what
oh I've missed you me too buddy how are
you doing good to the touch the
finger-touch is this amen is that your
greeting we do good oh right now I can't
really show you guys what's on this
script but I'm reading for a new Amanda
you can explain this better since the
test for like a new show we're starting
a new show a nude show that's a nude
show that why the hell would you guys
call me there's gonna do horrible as
long as my nude miss is shielded from
the rest of it yeah you guys really
don't so that's what we're doing so I'm
reading some news information hopefully
in a cool cool and informative way so
you can go build us more president
Donald Trump's decision to rescind data
has been highly controversial and many
are now worried about what this could
mean for the 800,000 does it does this
for a living Joe yeah can you do it as a
George Bush do the same - does President
Donald Trump's decision to rescind dock
has been highly controversial okay
many are now worried about what this
could mean for 800,000 current docket
recipients I think between you and me I
think dr. sounds like a supercool like
super hero hero or something you know
daca I would have loved to have been in
the Oval Office and then picked up that
red phone have been like get me daca
he's gonna take care of these evildoers
guys I think I think whatever this so is
it should be made addictive Joe we're
all spitballing now like we don't know
what this thing's gonna be in oh I know
you're an editor and like a camera guy
but I really think you should be like
like a producer because yeah with great
ideas like this a great idea right yeah
I do
one way regular and knock it out boom
George F W Bush yeah because that's
supposed to be some type of subtle dig
you're trying to tell me to throwing you
on the hot spot right now bro I'm
reading comments and people like when
you said your little tagline wake up
sheeple oh my god people want that into
a t-shirt people just know what the
truth is
yeah well are tired of being lied to and
they're tired of assuming that the
government isn't trying to steal your
bacon what other conspiracy theories are
you believing in no no you mean the ones
that I know to be true a new study
reveals that mathematics could actually
be wrong
math doesn't exist right Madison's real
math is all around us
Oh like where like where like prove to
us where that's everywhere like we're up
above us yeah okay how the universal
language are you a sheeple or you a you
what are you I haven't even smoked or
drink whatever it is that requires the
capacity for this conversation is a wake
up sheeple shirt actually gonna have
wake up sheeple shirts there are not the
Phil DeFranco wake up sheeple if the
people want it it's the thing that the
people want I think we should give it to
them yeah but the people that want it
are they sepals or are they not suitable
it's like a paradox
all right though where are you going
breastfeed now that's why they're
building us up yeah that you're a more
reliable HR department defies I know
right the Joe the Joe nation might be
it's unconventional but hey nothing
Bad's happened so far no I got a
lockdown Phil if I heard something I'm
like I know they're all sheeple Phil
they're all steeple we think about that
line we're trying to make a circular do
you think that's a yes that's a total
yes you got it so I just talked to Phil
and I said I think that we should make
wake up a seat bolster and you slam the
door shut on me so I think that's Phil's
way of saying I think this is a great
idea so I think that's a go that's
amazing yeah I think that's definitely
yeah so let's talk to Brian and see what
he can you can whip up let's do that
right okay let's do it right now mr.
Steadicam Ryan we need you to do
something Brian
I think the truth has to be revealed I
think Brian's the guy who can help us do
it he'll slam the door on me and I said
we should make a wake up sheeple shirt
so that's Phil's way of saying this is a
great idea cut to the right so you can
have green screen yeah bill right right
what do you think bill I think that's a
great idea all right
Oh wake up sheeple sure you have ideas
you got ideas flowing in your brain
right now I always have ideas flowing in
my room okay cool yeah well then it's a
done deal sky see a handshake handshake
deal great it's a deal Oh compasses
right does he say that
it's a deal no you used Trump taking
their best mate that do your best word
done you missed some really good via of
course I had excellent direction any
George Bush huh you use the I know I I
asked her I said I wanted to do some
George Bush and and she wouldn't let me
I ruin all the fun we'll do a specific
show for that joke but not this one then
I asked if I could do it my Bill Cosby
voice and then the room got really
silent and a little weird I feel like
you and Brooke should have a
conversation back and forth and see what
right now Joe you and me in a
proofreader Lucien had some pretty good
ideas there you go
I have to go back to pre cons conspiracy
theories not a conspiracy theory pre
calm is real don't get pregnant Evan
what do you think I think that I gotta
go because because of the the parking
validated
we've what do you what are we doing Phil
my idea wasn't known well you're right
what do you know what Phil we dressed up
with a little hankie sick there I feel
like 50% of the time we film we have to
refill because my audios a hey James I
want to ask you a question when Joe is
just filming right now do you think his
audio is turned on
we're going to check out a new space we
have the lease here until around March
but we're already just like on top of
each other right now so we need some
more space especially with we've been
testing some of the new shows we're
gonna slowly start bringing in more
people some 4vo somewhere on camera just
need more space to house people so
onward upward Amanda said she fell in
love with this place I work about to go
to ok so I'm gonna go check it out cool
and while we're making a circle and cure
you say okay we've got a sequel it's
coming I took your door slam as a
approval we have yes you love the idea
here oh it was a a wild Christy appeared
ah alright cool so it's gonna happen
Bryan's gonna work on the design and and
gonna make it happen Phil if you think
people will buy it sure Joe I don't know
people will buy it I probably won't do
are you wanting to show those or what do
you do it I can't help it yeah so I
don't I can't no to you as he was trying
to wake me I couldn't sense the vibe hey
it's a nice little bag to put the shirts
in guys look at that
I think Christy is trying to say get the
fuck out okay cool alright Joe have fun
they approve it every one of these late
bastards yeah yo this is next-level shit
Briana take a look take a look I mean my
car's way worse than this there's food
from a month ago their stuff will not
moved across the country like a nerf gun
Brisby Starbucks some chicken nuggets a
lot of receipts newspapers a lot of
takeaway food or takeout foods what's
the term takeout
