well my question to you would be what's
your favorite part I know how you like
your sandwich but what is your favorite
part of the sandwich is it the bread is
it the lettuce and tomato is it the meat
that's my favorite part I like the meat
so I just want to know what's your
favorite party sandwich first off I love
the fact that you laughed when you said
if the meats I love the meat cuz you're
like ha ha ha ha everyone's gonna think
about a penis in my mouth right now so
now a hundred thousand people or so far
thinking about a penis in your mouth now
even the ladies now done ok so the best
part of a sandwich easy question unless
you are a sammich ologist which is what
I am that's my side job and we really
started it starts with the bread right
so you have white bread you have whole
wheat you have like a tortilla if you
want to do a rap you have ciabatta bread
you have jalapeno blah bitty blah crazy
creation bread I'm more of a whole-wheat
ciabatta guy you know why because the
bread is not the the thing that is the
best thing about the sandwich the bread
is the thing that holds it together like
religion or arranged marriages it holds
it together whether it's a good sandwich
or not it's there it keeps order it's
the law of sandwiches but yeah breads
not the best thing then you have you
have your meat right you suck and pull
that's what everyone's still thinking
right now you sucking pull and I can say
that because you look over 18 unless
you're under age which I am going to
remove this video so the meat I'm a huge
fan of roast beef huge fan of our speech
as long as it's not between a lady's
legs roast beef is delicious roast beef
with tomato lettuce mayo best thing in
the world other than what's in between a
lady's legs that's not roast beef mm-hmm
I'm a French chef for that mmm but are
the veggie is the best part of the
sandwich you know you get a little
tomato lettuce roast beef sandwiches at
this
without it most sandwiches are not
otherwise the big italian sandwich with
like 18 different meats and he got
nothing to mess around with the taste so
no vegetables aren't there but maybe the
condiments the condiments highlight
flavors unless you're from the south and
you put steak and catch up together and
nasty mashup you are white trailer trash
if you eat steak well done with ketchup
you should just off yourself for ruining
a beautiful thing you're like you're on
the same level as someone who does
really bad oral sex because that other
person's like oh so this is what it's
all about you ruined I just drooled on
myself that's how passionate I am he's
ruined an amazing thing condiments are
two highlights not to overwhelm but we
talked about all the parts of the
sandwich there is no best part a
sandwich is America it is comprised of a
lot of different shit and that's what
makes it so good is that it is one thing
and so many other things at the same
time so in summary there is no best
thing about a sandwich noob question to
you don't like sandwiches you're a
communist so I hope that answered your
question of course if you have any
questions whatsoever about anything in
the world or outside of the world I
don't know what that would be you can
ask a ask it a sketch off script in a
video response send it to this video and
you may get a video response for me in
the near future oh and of course if you
need help making sandwiches or you have
a girlfriend that needs help making
sandwiches we make shirts with plus ten
sandwich making ability they're pretty
awesome they look hot on your
girlfriends or you think to get one of
those is down there in the description
along with our sponsors who support our
show anyway but anyway love you guys
long time and i'll see you next time
