it's time for an up to 80 hello internet
people of the nation variety I know that
you might be thinking for the past 2-3
weeks fill your posting on both channels
or three channels if you're subscribed
all three has been sporadic and I would
argue no it's been flaky if anything and
it's been because I've been doing the
the very fun very exciting a business
part where you sit in a meeting for
eight hours and you're like I want to
shoot myself if I shot myself would
anyone fucking move cuz i don't know i
think i could shoot myself and no one
would notice but there has been fun ones
it's just the fact that when when you
don't have an agent and you don't have a
manager it takes a lot of time out of
the stuff that you actually enjoy
because i love making videos and then
you're like oh well i guess you know I
want making videos to make more sense
and I don't want to go crazy so I'll do
these meetings but then the meetings
make you go crazy and then you go crazy
no but I've been having a bunch of
really good meetings and a lot of what
I've been doing is getting more
exclusive stuff like the e3 stuff they
if you don't know this about III they're
not a big fan of youtubers like if
you're like oh I have a youtube channel
that you probably don't get in we looked
in through our buddies at a revision
three very awesome guys over there and
really fast the reason I don't have a
manager and agent is because I don't
trust them it's like it's literally a
job where you're like okay I'm an
untrustworthy guy but i'll be your
untrustworthy guy in your life hmm so
you won't stab me in the back he's like
I'm not saying that but you should
probably think that does that mean I
don't know yes and no and you know a lot
of it has been just really educating the
outside world I'm doing a service a
public service to help people understand
that YouTube is not dog videos it's not
cat videos it's not getting hit in the
nuts it is a lot of that it really
really is and it's funny but it's a lot
more and a lot of people are really
really starting to get it which is good
but I just wanted to let those of you
hardcore enough to be on the other vlog
channel also probably put this on the
other philip defranco show autoplay so
for those of you that go in there like i
wonder if there's something happening
yeah so those of you to know of course
you can always follow me on my Twitter
my facebook my blood
account anything I share everything
which is weird as everything except how
big my penis is because you have to have
a sense of mystery plus I don't want to
know how small it is so yes things words
stuff come Monday the philip defranco
show should be back to normal I'm going
to answer a bunch of your questions in
in the next 48 hours so if you have a
video question send it as a video
response to this video and yeah things
stuff words love you long time and I'll
see you very soon
