hello fellow I I hope you're well my
question to you is if all of the laws
that we live by were repealed for a deer
what three previously illegal things
would you make sure that you did in this
24-hour period and for the benefit of
your answer morals and ethics just don't
exist so go crazy so what three things
were previously frivolously illegal what
I do in the first four hours um i would
but sex someone in Atlanta because it's
illegal sodomy sodomy is illegal in
Atlanta I would tie a pig to a fire
hydrant in Vegas they told us that was
illegal all all up and down the strip
and i would but sex your mom in atlanta
ok so there's a lot of buzz she's never
leaving Utah so he exploded over right I
tried to fill British quite a popular
moment in my what happened to me what
just happened by the way okay wait so
well we're gonna go around the table so
Joanie what uh what three previous
things they're all bad though just do it
just do it come on no I'm gonna get a
lot of a comment no no come on the easy
one of course i wouldn't pay taxes on
anything one day on anything nowhere the
second thing is oh no to the second
thing is i would just I would like hold
up a bank I would go to a car dealership
I would be like a totally credible
crimes here we go to 0 it's always like
not use P we commit you know me is told
her I'm screen so I haven't so I have a
crime spree and then the final one is is
I have SUV you do and don't know I know
where this is going it's bad just do it
I'd be like okay so anybody who's played
alan wake the scene when you're on the
cornfield with the truck i would do that
in real life to people who weren't
zombies so he would rape you in a
cornfield optimum raping enjoy way to
get your head to your toe be sent in the
ass here like this okay once the band's
off it's like you have a go we've got
like a rack of skin okay it's only what
uh what three things what illegal things
what I do um why would grow some
gruesome illegal drugs grow some balls
for the lines right no ball bro Florida
pretty much everything's illegal I mean
I would pee everywhere hello I would pee
in public you know it's more fun to pee
outside toilets are so cliche and on
said no one shares my sentiment and
there's only this is cinnamon a bit my
sentiment you just seven minutes don't
worry so you pee everywhere on
everything I've grow some drug get one I
guess that wouldn't happen though you
give up give a mojo oh go in our mind
that's a we rule thing i'm a lame okay
third thing I would steal a freaking
tank and our something like that is like
a Batmobile equivalent click the dude
that killed everyone is having sales
exam in I would hold women
because there's too many people old
people and i would use alexa i'm going
to kin here the come on these can be
strong i want to see how everybody's not
watching first the tank equivalent of
the back row you nothing but it ain't
okay then you're retarded can we bring
it back to sama would lock what laws
would i break I would I would I can see
I would drive 3,000 sheep down Hollywood
Boulevard because is illegal to drive
more than 2,000 down Hollywood Boulevard
really of this I did not know that it's
a fact we were you just looking into a
sheep sheep yes so you guys like dragon
three where'd you get all this money
though sama where do you say to be about
money oh you need to get those cheap
some how would you steal them I would
you want a good lecture Oh out had mobs
under the widow moths what I do know
both the buzzer do an unkillable you
want to pee everywhere that is awesome
and I want to know what i would've but
sex is only take a minute oh yeah but
Sir you while having butt sex with chief
be towed behind your vehicle while not
paying taxes free sleep good last thing
last thing i guess i would i would get a
lot of money from some from various
locations stop pedestrian you find 7
service and you wouldn't pay that have
your rings you are I've I said Sarah's
so down the stairs in Sarasota yeah if
you had a person that happens to be in
her soda I also with one of my person
that person I hit with the car I
wouldn't want them to die or be maimed
or lose any sort of income due to the
accident or to come back at you with the
weapon
