hey so if you had to choose between
having sex with a really really really
really hot guy or a really really really
really really ugly girl and you had to
choose because the evil Robonaut 2
zombies would kill you if you don't
choose which one would you have sex with
and why oh the choice is a really hot
dude or really ugly chick um you know
what simple answer i'm not i don't know
i just ugly chick ugly chick because you
know what i realize is that through will
and lots of alcohol anything is really
possible plus even ugly chicks have
something called vagina plus if what
I've learned through friends with bad
choices is that ugly girls try even
harder and can do things and will do
things that pretty girls and handsome
dudes um what's up you enjoyed my video
cuz ugly girls could do things with
their mouths that pretty girls can do
one of my friends um so that's my answer
ugly chick what about guys meeting guys
can do things with their mouths that
pretty girl I think you know what I
think I think a tuna time obviously
would have the advantage I think that
because they were like well maybe now
except for they be dudes so that's like
the disadvantage what well the are you
so much but your talk about gay dudes
yeah okay but then they'd be dude so if
you're straight guy Eddie gay dude well
gonna suck you up the problem is is
there dude right it's not working so how
could you even get it up oh you know the
more like i don't know i mean that's
that's the thing if i'm on a bus right
if i'm on a bus and it's shaking right
my pants are a little too tight I don't
want to fuck the bus but I can get hard
on the bus I mean I don't know i don't
i'm not i'm not in any situation where
I'm getting possibly blown by a dude i
don't know i don't get a brace I don't
go to gay bars or Republican national
conventions I've never there please who
in your mouth you look now I see I don't
know that's the only problem right if
you're that's on the front of your
straight guy and in a gay guy no matter
how like good-looking or whatever he
looks like it's still a dude so nothing
can happen you can be like why I wish I
went to the gym as much as you so I
looked good but you can't suck my dick
cuz nothing's gonna happen yep wait so
Johnny wait are you saying that if ok
sit up to the legal horrible shit it's
not a mustache ok so tell me yes are you
saying that if a dude maybe maybe you
have your eyes closed you don't even
know what to do you know cuz they got
like you know no I don't have favored
layer right so there are a lot of baby
faces out there ok so there's a baby
face out there you have your eyes closed
again you thinking of the chick right
and maybe for you black chick and and
and and you know you I'm not unbeknownst
to you is is a dude doing stuff to you
how would it be unbeknownst to me look
at me like maybe run a hedge club you're
in a fetish club I am ia to finish
because that's where the parachute
accidentally drop you off into LOL
skydiving yeah well it's not like you're
going to be in a situation below ok so
so there's a situation barbara walters
and the paint from kate or johnny k plus
a are
you have to kill or fuck one but or you
are shot by the Nazis with guns aimed at
you Vincent it's one of the most high
pave SI and the thing was to is like
when I you know when I was in junior
high school and I couldn't I couldn't
talk to girls i'd always get drunk at
parties you know and i'd be with like
whatever girl would be with me so it
would be like let me get into this is
weird yeah God rah rah so main answer
that was supposed to be simple is a ugly
girl not because I hate the gays it's
just that I don't want to put my dick in
one or have one put their dick and make
that's just my ax that's just my
personal preference as many people know
I love the gays and you guys are fucking
fabulous but um yeah let me a long time
answer the question for you and stuff
and thing what about what about crusty
vagina though what if it's like disease
crusty vagina right you're getting an
STD okay for a dude who is clean I think
and then you say dude then you said cuz
I'm terrified of stds that's actually
one of the reasons i love monogamy but
how can your but you can't get it up
that's the thing like how you can't get
it up i think i think that you could
just you can through the power of
imagination and stimulation anything is
possible i think so i don't know i'm
just saying you can you can call me gay
for that but your body I'm just saying
if ya like okay so when you go to a
sperm bank right yeah you go to a sperm
bank yeah i saw in a movie so know if
it's true okay it was in a some was I
moving on to the drive around in a bus
Jude wants to donate sperm you can you
can make it happen no matter what if
there's a finger and ass bigger finger
Nets you stimulate prostate it's not an
emotional thing it's just like you push
the buttons like
robot penis is working that's it it's
not in so what's the point that was the
question what are you oh cuz your wolf
in your your whole thing is that you
can't get hard unless or because it's a
dude right is that your open house it's
not like it's not like I'm gonna look at
crusty vagina and be like mmm crusty
China so avoid both situation okay JJ
and and but ok in the situation your
auto hard that's that's the
understanding your auto hard in both
situations I think you're all just talk
about sex is making rookie loses shit
he's look what's happening of section
starts moving good they're talking about
sir
