you got miss daddy huh huh guys gonna
miss daddy they're like no no no not
really not so much Hamlet no it's okay
you can stop crying I'm not good out of
your bitch I gave you some ones we're
gonna pick Tony up in just a really
quick FYI if it looks like I'm wearing
the same shirt it's cuz i am i am same
shirt from last night it's a rule cuz
you get sweaty on an airplane the air
you know it circulates wasn't really
circular no no i said i'd like that like
i was like and then you put the cleaner
sun
well I hope you guys win you got
yourself good karma
by doing
our luggage
because apparently are the flavors so
small it
hey
or that yeah
when you talk about some important I
I was up all night working and then you
showed up in my house and said let's go
dressed as long as i can have starbucks
we go to Vegas you know brought our
quarters harms look like really really
good his real name is well now that he
could be on the stage and I doing the I
do magic a celebrity or not look like Oh
what you did the video about it oh
that's true yeah that's true this is
going all in the video matches
immediately say something amazing what
do you want me to say I don't know that
I'm wait too old to be watching your
videos no I actually enjoyed the way way
he'll do 40 40 no that's that's what do
I meet your demographics the
second-biggest demographic of my videos
the first like 14 year old girl no it's
18 to 35 you can fit right in goal
handed olives filtro and I love Canada I
do actually but my favorite place is
probably cheek there's a chance for me
actually so there was home at the front
desk and they had to give myself and
Tony a very small room very close
together and as you might be able to
tell if there's an echo on the video I
was like well this that our sponsor gave
us a production budget and that money is
going to just sit there it's just gonna
nothing's gonna happen with that money
you know what happens when money's not
used it cries and causes cancer in black
people so I was like no we can't so we
upgraded on the sponsors done so thank
you blank sponsor
whose video will go out soon on another
channel so we got um something I was
like okay what's this is this this is ok
so there's my bathroom but no it's not
it's not so that's the closet it's this
right here juju did you two to two and
then now we go into Tony's room oh hey
Tony look how big this fucking room is
this is crazy wait but wait there's more
weight Tony's wait there's there's
something before your bathroom you have
a walk-in closet I think this is like if
you're doing drugs lifestyles of the VR
spending other people's money oh my god
I love this though fanuc I like a hotel
room that you can run and then of course
my bedroom ladies who I will not be
seeing because I love my girlfriend yeah
man like that I feel like I should fill
it up with bubbles and lay naked in
otherwise it'll be it'll be wasted but
uh I'm gonna get situated and I'm gonna
I'm gonna film a philip defranco show
bit I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna imma
imma be rich baby rich baby I don't know
the lyrics okay but I'm gonna go let me
a long time and uh Vegas we're gonna do
it right
