and then if we didn't I'm virgin which
looks incredible it would be
it's cheaper
and they have like an open bar
Oh are you taping me no what are you
doing I am getting packed I know that I
haven't been on the interwebs for like
three or four days at least on the vlog
Channel but it is because well no I'm
leaving but that's no why I haven't been
uh I've been uh I've been playing
Darksiders it was a was very addicting
his very good game I can see I'm falling
I can see why so many people enjoyed it
but uh just suck some life out of me man
I was a trying to be productive couldn't
do it so I just powered through the game
for you guys for you guys but um yeah
I've recently discovered that I enjoy
coming into the bedroom to annoy Lindsay
while she tries to watch TV so much
watching I'm actually gonna leave
Lindsay ma yeah just like the other one
um but yeah I've recently discovered
that as long as my arms don't tire wait
here let's hold it up this camera is
actually pretty good for for vlogging
because um it's wide-angle it I don't
have to actually hold it that far from
my face it just weighs 18 pounds so as
long as you grip the shaft and hold it
up to your face what was that left those
are but uh yeah so we're going to Vegas
we're gonna do some fun stuff gonna meet
up with my uh my buddy Sean and gonna
have some Vegas fun that doesn't involve
love because they're not playing gosh
darn it I actually like it but actually
if you've never been to Vegas one
definitely see love but if you have gone
to Vegas and you've seen something or
done something other than love that you
enjoyed let me know yeah because right
now we just have like jump out of an
airplane and go to a strip club which is
an action
my idea that's uh that's Lindsay's idea
she has she was like don't don't have a
meet up you know cuz then you're gonna
meet someone just go to a strip club
I'll feel better if you go to a strip
club because they're paid professionals
sorry I just have to throw that in there
baby oh yeah um what are your favorites
things to do in Vegas if you've ever
been and if not what is your favorite
place to go and why what do you do then
huh what do you do that's so special huh
oh no but I gotta I gotta finish packing
and this little bit of this video and
yeah yeah yeah
