my question is outside of your comments
on YouTube do you feel famous so
basically in real life do you feel
famous well the good thing that isn't a
loaded question I don't know when I said
it like that you know people stopped me
in public they take pictures with me oh
that turned and there it is again
I have such a stupid smirk and then they
have a mail em to me because I asked
them to mail it that was candy candy and
her boyfriend were at the same movie
theater is me and they they stopped and
candy it was a member of a nation she's
like I'm confused by your new show is it
the same show is it not and I was like I
don't even know I'm I'm sending myself
hate mail because I'm so confused I'm
gonna go watch that video where I
explain it again because it's so
confusing to me um and my famous no I'm
just gonna dumb it down to that because
I've tried to answer this question like
10 times in a video I have no idea I
have no idea I think the fame right is
that person famous is up to the people
that like that person because I know
that I find certain people online to be
more famous than reality stars TV stars
movie stars and you know I'm gonna I'm
gonna dodged a bullet on this one
because I'm really there it's really
hard especially when the question is
about me
uh yeah I don't know in real life
I mean people stopped me but I don't
think that constitutes as being famous
people I don't know yeah you can I'd
like to know if you think people on the
web
youtubers specifically are they famous
does that does that count
I don't know things words stuff yeah let
me know in the comments down below and
then of course completely not related to
this question I added two hundred new
coupon coupon I don't know how you
pronounce
to codes to the the new filly day store
of course the blip ecomcon test is
coming to an end at the end of this
month
so go to blip e-comm / really do you
follow me Julian then follow me and you
could win some stuff and things and it's
good it's good it's good because what's
better than free money more free money
and possibly girls that will have sex
with you for no money maybe a sandwich
like a date but I guess it's still
anyway I'm gonna go because I'm tired
and things and stuff oh but if you have
a question send a video response and you
know I'll answer it alright well we'll
see
