so many people confuse this with my main
show but it's not it's the bloody okay
so guys even though we enjoyed the movie
macgruber rogue pictures has contacted
us and they want us to promote their
movie macgruber so they've given us a
budget and the question is what do we do
with this budget we're on the internets
we really never have a budget so ideas
Tom way so we pay some guy to swan dive
into a pool that has nothing to do with
the movie yeah they do cuz they're both
know John give me something campaign you
fight a bear at night but you fight um
three black guys and I'm not really
feeling a racist joke about three black
guys but has nothing to do with the
movie okay get that for black no that's
just more races Tom we paid hailey from
paramours post naked pictures on the
internet which it actually did that last
night so we missed that boat really yeah
was I should hot I would hit it John so
we take the money that they give us and
we re give it to homeless people let me
say if you don't like with Gruber you
hate homeless people people do hate
homeless people that is true prom mean
just don't mess about nice dear that's
just a word don't know i mean there's
ninjas in the room fuck what are you
doing don't do it
it's go time rogues macgruber has been
rated R weren't we for some strong crude
than sexual contact trooper my virgin
not for long language check your butt
violence what are you doing don't do it
