devil cat run away devil cat that was
the devil hey Tony do you like it when I
vlog do you like it when I turn on the
camera and I start talking ah Tony star
happy
we need a viral video start rapping I'm
gonna do something productive so I have
BOTS Super Mario Galaxy 2 and if it
pretty much Blaine that all day I just
finish your second world because I have
to get every star along the way so yeah
and then I ran into a member of the
nation Jose at Best Buy as you can tell
by this lovely picture I don't know why
I make that face but I kind of just do
it sometimes I don't know
God mat doing on a couch so a fun fact
about Matty boy
he um he carries his iMac to Tony's to
edit videos every day there's nothing
weird about carrying this box around
everywhere I feel like I feel like you
are the future what you're doing right
here it's the future also with the Wii I
started playing a monster hunter trace
because a lot of you guys were telling
me to and it's really fun but the lack
of story so far kind of gets me down but
the gameplay it's super fun it's super
addictive but um I'll probably be busy
getting all the stars in Super Mario
Galaxy 2 so I'm gonna try and not be a
lazy loser and things and words but oh
yeah updates something and then remember
that the the blip e.com contest ends at
the end of this month and someone is
will win possibly up to five thousand
dollars asterisk asterisk don't sue me
anyway I think you'll have fun with that
it's like it's like the douche is right
in front of me that's what you're
thinking just just so everyone knows 3d
computers means are none of the colors
work
Oh Oh technology technology this is the
future
I almost forgot I tried to post this
yesterday but um YouTube wasn't
publishing it out but I wanted to add
something here at the end and stuff and
things I have had an awesome designer by
the name of Jacob Patterson wicked
trigger designing a pair of defranco's
we've joked about you know defranco's it
just seems like a name that's good for
shoes so he made some custom ones and
I'm gonna pick him up Friday and this is
this is what they look like they're
pretty fucking awesome
