so many people confuse this with my main
show but it's not it's the bloody okay
so let's let's talk about lost on the
vlogedy today
it looks like Phil trickle sure because
I'm filming it along with it and I just
didn't want to dedicate an entire Philip
DeFranco show to lost so if you have not
watched the Lost finale want to possibly
watch a series in the future or don't
know anything about lost you can just
stop the video here and I don't want to
ruin anything for you or talk about
something you have no idea what I'm
talking about because this is very
specific
so last night I thought The Lost finale
was great I thought it was it was a
beautiful send-off it was a great finale
and it fulfilled everything I personally
wanted from the series and that's me
because with lost you hate of the mob
and then the hate of the people that
want something that lost is not whether
it was people complaining that there
wasn't enough action there wasn't a
crazy 2-digit it to dinner no why do we
need an hour of Jack and Locke fighting
no that's that's not what lost is that's
I mean I mean the fighting scene where
Jack jumps up like he's like oh like
that was I was like oh wow it became
Clash of the Titans for a second you
know a lot of people felt like wow they
didn't answer all the questions they had
so many questions yeah but that's that's
not what lost is I mean you know it
answered a lot of questions but if
you're the kind of person that's like oh
Superman's ruined because I don't fully
understand why he can fly at different
speeds on earth if that's the kind of
thing that that bothers you then no I
mean that there are certain things in
lost where you're supposed to speculate
you're supposed to have an educated
guess on why some of the stuff happened
like some of the biggest things people
that people were saying last night that
were hating on the finale was what like
I was clearly able to have the baby
I still don't understand that and what I
would speculate and what money educated
guess is is that she was allowed to have
the baby and able to have the baby
because when Jacob was going around
touching people and making them
candidates and protecting them she
became like him and so she was able to
have a baby and not die that's the way I
saw it and then of course it's like well
what about the
and paradox and these are just things
that you know that the island is right
the island is and the amount of people
that were confused by the ending what's
kind of astonishing to me because I was
I was watching the news after lost and
these people that had just come out and
this lost expert was like well from what
I understand it looks like they were all
dead the entire time what are you
talking about how how could you even
speculate that if you if you listened to
the dialogue that's that's the thing
that I don't get that confused me and
that and with that let's let's talk
about what I think the ending was
everything that happened the crash the
time travel everything really happened
it happened on the island the island was
this place where all this crazy shit was
happening okay so all of that was real
now the end where the final season where
we're having all these flash sideways
which were like oh it's this alternate
reality that they've created where where
they didn't die you know it's completely
different it's this place that they all
created and that you can call the
afterlife whether whether you're a
Christian agnostic atheist whatever you
are it was this thing that they created
after they died and there was no time
right there the time it was relevant
here because everyone that was there had
died at different times and the reason
that you know this is because Ben and
Hurley are talking to the ends and Ben
says Hurley you're a great number one
and Hurley says Ben you're a great
number two which lets you know that they
survive long after much long after Jack
died at the very end that's how you know
that's how you know that this place
doesn't care about time and then of
course Jack's father pretty much
explained the whole time thing whether
they died before they died after this is
a place that they came together and so
that's why I got confused by how many
people were confused except for the fact
that if you missed like three lines of
dialogue you relax but they left us
without an answer and that you're
finding everyone and that they wanted to
find each other because they went
through this thing together and they
want to move on together to what
whatever was asked her after life right
and so people that were saying that the
the island everything like that was
purgatory no that
was in purgatory if anything the
alternate reality was kind of a
purgatory a holding place before they
could all move on together and then
people were arguing well okay well we're
we're we're Walt and Michael and you
could say well it might have been a
casting issue or you could argue that
well they didn't deal with everything
together they left the island they they
left that situation Walt had moved on
and then Michael killed people to get
off the island and then died off the
island he didn't you know go through
everything the same way that everyone
else did and I'd have to actually look
through the ending to see who all was
there but that's what I would say that's
what I would argue for people that were
there or weren't there or however it
worked out like I said you can argue
points like well how did they know the
wheel would work or things like that but
once again that that goes to does it
really bother you that you don't
understand how Superman can go faster
and slower when he's flying it doesn't
have wings you just like squints a lot
and all of a sudden he moves faster you
don't have to have people holding your
hand the entire time a series that makes
you wonder and a series that makes you
think in a series that makes you
speculate isn't a bad series it's not a
bash on the writing it's it's an amazing
attribute of the series itself but
overall I loved lost I thought it was
fantastic from the moment I watched the
first four seasons in the course of a in
a course of a month where I got all the
box sets and the times where I was
waiting for like a week look I wonder
what's gonna happen next I loved it it
was a great ride and I think it I think
it all tied together and I thought it
was a fantastic series I think many
people last night realized that when
they were confused and they were bashing
it they were they were they were critic
criticizing a painting halfway through
production why is this this why is that
that and that you had to just enjoy the
ride and enjoy the experience to fully
get it
but seriously Hurley and Ben Linus Hotel
they run a hotel on the islands because
that's what they do that's the spinoff
that's that's how it works
it could even be argued that their life
whether it was the islands or off the
islands or anyone's life was the test
that a lot of people think that real
life is they they think it's a test for
what happens afterwards and it could be
something like that
I think the reason it frustrated me is
because a lot of the people I know are
youtubers and those of them that didn't
like it I was like well what if you made
that's good I mean what have you made
that that's smart that that is that is
this very complex thing and even though
they're like creating those things I'm
like but no your thing has one layer
this is something that has tons of
layers it's like it's like an onion
wrapped in another onion wrapped in a
woman lots of clothes and emotional
problems
it's very complicated yeah those are my
thoughts and I would be more than happy
to do a part two so if you have any
questions thoughts things that we could
expand on put it down the comments or a
video response and I think that it would
be fun to do and stuff and things anyway
I'll see you next time I gotta finish
the other show which of course I'll link
in the description below so make sure
you check it out okay bye go insane jump
on a plane from the twilight zone
swing swing public
I'm the hip now sweetie
