long contract we need to subscribers we
need to like the followers jump same
Jake pollen there really didn't build it
up in here everybody bill you wearing
the same shirt as yesterday yes because
it is a different day one they know we
changed shirts with two this is this is
my friday show shirt
oh yeah wear this three days in a row oh
you just have like three in the same sir
yeah or that yeah it seems like way more
work I'm not gonna be here tomorrow
Friday so we're why are we losing I'm
going to Vegas we gonna do that
there's a thing called rice festival
it's like a hippie type of thing yeah I
like hippie thing it's like we uh we get
these lanterns right and then we light
them up and then we release into the air
with beautiful intentions Oh like actual
like this is like it's a thought that
you want it too yeah release so like the
idea of behind the secret but with more
work yeah a little more work some travel
some gas money and I don't want to shit
on your parade but that's exactly what
I'm gonna do no that's all ridiculous
right yeah I've cut into they show yeah
because you want to go there and get
high and watch a bunch of Landers hey
that's actually a really good idea I
feel like that wasn't my idea I feel
like you're like oh well that's so
strict you know what well like we might
actually be prepared yeah it might
actually be a good idea so I got some
little extra my son to mesito packed up
it's just a code name for the weeds you
know I haven't so yeah it was fucking
with my sleep and also just doesn't seem
like a good idea now with two children I
know you probably you got to be careful
well no I it's not like I'm just worried
that I'm gonna need to be on like
because you have as a parent you have
those moments where it's like two
o'clock in the morning yeah what was
sudden 104-degree fever and you're like
I gotta drive
mmm once they're five and they can drive
themselves to the hospital
we'll get high together then perfect
yeah anyway you're not stupid Joe you're
stupid for believing in it it's all
right Phil I'm gonna come back a
millionaire they're gonna pray to the
crypto gods watch all that easier to go
up Hank
both of us are hoping that's what I'm
rooting for both of us we just
mentioning that so people like what's
easier I guess I'll buy something that
we like this job yes all right so well
uh since I'm leaving right now
well you hear much I don't know I'm
gonna but yeah cool Phil I'm so glad
you're the person that believes the
narrative I know it all ends up working
out in the end what we're gonna say that
I remember I lost frame I thought
turning my thought whoa you just proven
everything I gotta just turn this off
have a good day we're going you weren't
going anywhere it is I don't think I was
going anywhere with that I just read the
engine and then I was like fuck it I'll
take a piss later all right
I'm a dog chasing cars I wouldn't know
what to do with one if I caught it you
want to tell me what you guys are
working on yeah go check out our shelves
all sets stubs yeah I'm gonna lay down
on duds on blows all right so you're
working yeah we're gonna watch me solve
this yeah dude
look at that work guys are working to
impressed
yes I'm impressed look how well content
we need the subscribers we like the
followers jump same Jake Pauling we
really did everybody right Phil I hate
you Joe like like like like like smash
the like button yeah how are you doing
today pretty good things are good
Chrissy's like there's nothing I can do
about it there's nothing you can do
about it yeah there's nothing anyone can
do about it hold on let me see if I go I
see I have a sticky note but even the
sticky note like you can still see right
there there's nothing anybody can do
about it one day you're just gonna come
in here and I'm gonna be on the outside
I have a solution hold on I have an idea
I check this out first
okay I'm gonna be really excited it
blows I was just gonna make like I see
it he has like a nose here and then a
smiley face well it looks like when he
was crying and his mascara started to
smear on its face I mean I appreciate
the effort you be nice it's like when
you're working really hard and then you
look at the window and it's just like
supposed to be a great view but instead
it's like something that reminds you of
cry fest yeah you'd be like well what's
your having a better day than him if
you're not crying hashtag stay sad
boys are still miss goodness oh yeah
yeah it smells good in there yeah it
smells like freshly cut pine wood this
is my favorite smell on the planet
sawdust literally my favorite when I
come home smelling like it I'm so happy
look I leave sawdust on my hands and
don't wash it off and then just eat
because that's I think that might be
like a health hazard maybe that's just
nasty I just want to scream like a girl
when the saw one up you're gonna be
bleeding out it's pig blood what do you
want if you get the camera's gonna have
to talk to you about next next oh this
is super duper secret project right are
we still doing it for sure I'm down next
what something that's not this sunny up
that went after you back yeah what time
all right
the F date boys oh you know we're just
drilling we're trying to drill a hole
through the entire thing exactly so that
it comes out in this Center one of these
underlying studs it looks too far to
either side it's gonna go right out here
and not do its job okay so if we miss
then the whole mount for the back end of
the screw doesn't work anymore longtime
fans of the blog well though we were
puzzling about how to achieve this
solution and we asked for advice in the
comments and didn't get any advice we
read every comment you know and said
what was the solution the little little
little spinny nonetheless to explain it
cuz it totally explained yeah I'm not
doing this hold out for no damn
all right so we have the screw going
straight through we drilled all the way
through we added a stud on the back back
here to give it some support we used a
tree nut which is very sharp I can show
you what those arcs are you said enough
okay good yes have little sharp things
in them and then we put this on the in
and Hammer it in to hold the nut it when
we wing that the shelf on to the front
and that way we can remove everything
and leave just a tiny little
quarter-inch hole on the front great
what if I told you guys I was just
pretending to film you right now no that
came up with the idea and then I think
we all work together to make sure that
it was removable and replaceable and you
know that we're gonna find that one
comment who said no I suggested tree
nuts for the very first day no one will
find this no one did
this is angle two thumbs we're loving
the contents of a guy what's that for us
for yes
