so many people confuse this with my main
show but it's not it's hey Phil um my
question for you is why do you like
small dogs I have two yorkies this is
belly and this is Delilah and yeah so
how do you like small dogs either i
think the better question is why are
your your keys ugly oh snap oh shit son
oh shit son what about you what about
you ace you think they're ugly he's a
car don't care why are you looking at me
whoa look at my ayah I'm joking I'm
joking your dogs aren't ugly they're
just not as cute as mine anyway I'm not
actually a big small dog person big
small person i'm not very into small
dogs normally in fact other than these
little these little your keys i I'm
always been a big dog person Chow's
German Shepherds I wouldn't call it a
big dog but a husky husky is a kind of
big dog boxer Bulldog but I don't know I
just I wanted a tiny dog because the
places i live in aren't ginormous and
they're a lot easier to manage and they
don't like break a lot of shit
especially when they're growing up so
they're just so they're a lot easier to
handle and a lot of people think your
keys are like super super super yappy
but that's actually a only the case if
you're a bad at raising them so only one
of ours is yeah um yeah and so you know
you get shit for uh for having small
dogs but honestly if you if you have
like a little little tiny baby your key
like eight nine weeks old and you walk
it around the ladies just stop there not
only nine oh my god my period just ended
now that I saw an adorable puppy I need
you impregnate me as soon as possible i
discovered all those words oh my god
give me
give me your semen now that you own this
puppy oh I love you little man say yeah
um that's the monster but you guys do
you are you big dog smelled on people
what are you show me your animals unless
they're cats and then you just throw
them out of the window or into a fire
I'm playing I'm playing anyway I
actually wish that cats never turn the
cats that as soon as a kitten got to a
certain age you would phoenix back into
another tiny adorable kitten and never
actually go into its I'm a full-grown
cat and an asshole phase yeah yeah
anyway that's my answer if you want to
leave a another question leave a video
response and I will try and get back to
it ASAP if you don't know what that
means that means as soon as penis or
possible depends on whether you're asian
or now what does that even mean I don't
buy
the new house
