so many people confuse this with my main
show but it's not it's the bloody so
it's day being the fifth anniversary of
youtube.com I thought I would talk about
my youtube story since everyone posted
there's or god there's done and thanking
YouTube for essentially being able to
see that gorgeous face every day
whenever I damn please to both the video
let's change this that's much better
I started posting videos on YouTube
about three years ago and I started
posting them as video responses to
popular youtubers at the time caitlin
hill paper Lilly's the boring dispatcher
Boheme renetto Renetta was actually the
first person IRA sent a video response
to in that video is long gone
I deleted that it was embarrassing I did
an app naira bread and it's very stupid
as a poor college student and I was
working and running off the student
loans and didn't have any free money but
I wanted to make a video so bad and so I
did a little code work back in the day
and I worked with this this charity to
build their website and I got paid $100
for like two months of work but I was
able to afford this a terrible terrible
quality quality logitech cam my videos
were a little different back then
of course then I was a big fan of shows
like rocket boom and say Frank and
when's a Frank ended his show about a
month later I dug that corpse up and I
took that and I kind of just spun it my
own way and that's where I created the
Philip DeFranco show which is where I
just talked about news or just things
that really matter to me and it kind of
just took off from there and of course
through YouTube I found friends I found
my buddy at Chez Carl
Kassem G I even met my girlfriend's
there who - she was more popular than me
at the time so I guess I was kind of a a
Fame bugger then of course because of
YouTube I flew out here to California
where I live currently to go into this
this thing called the station which was
with a bunch of youtubers messing around
working together and it was it was fun
wasn't the best fit for me so I ended up
leaving but it was it was good and
through that because of YouTube out of
station I found out that I really
enjoyed writing sketches and I wrote a
piece there that were really fun yeah
what's his I write Castle nobody says
tight anymore
good question do you people ever get lie
or do you mean by you people I mean like
you black you black keys for example you
have a throat used to breathe right well
now you want a problem
you punch the fucking front motherfucker
I get karate chopped twice and then I
start up this new thing called like
totally awesome the video game movie is
tech whatever it was just doing
something about awesome stuff or what I
thought was awesome
geez look at me I'm nervous right not at
all shit I'm like I'm a little nervous
like oh is it cool being a little girl
saying because of the awkward physics
five minutes up instead that's a good
point
yeah the oldest wife's dead now I'm kind
of just producing it getting behind it
and trying to bring out other youtubers
it's really fun you know like totally
awesome is the second most popular video
game or movie your tech channel here on
YouTube and Phil DeFranco shows the most
popular news entertainment show through
when I met awesome people I get to talk
to people every day about whatever I
care about and it's it's time into a
legitimate thing where I can actually
afford to provide for myself my family I
find those medical bills
everything because of this thing that
didn't exist five years ago and I kind
of blows my mind
the reason I'm really appreciative of
YouTube is I'm not one of those tubers
that wants to use YouTube as a stepping
stone I just I've always wanted to be on
the internet and YouTube somehow allows
me to do that and in a way that people
liked and it's it's a blast and every
every day we're taking more seriously
it's still fun I don't want to shoot
myself yet so we'll see
