so many people confuse this with my main
show but it's not oh hi
can't believe you guys I'm moving stuff
in my office and I don't know if you've
noticed YouTube's been messed up for
like the past few days the old all the
videos on via the lists have been locked
for I think three or four days and every
time I have been encoding the way that I
have it encoding who is messing up so
we're gonna test it and try and see if
the HD doesn't mess up so hopefully we
can get something up but I want to chat
about something not not anything about
life or magic you know because those are
the things I really need a haircut those
are the things that matter I want to
talk about because I saw a lot of
comments on where when I was wearing
these these things they are beats by dre
I believe and a lot of people were like
loving on or hating them and I was like
I should give an opinion beats by dre
very very good headphones but they're
the kind of thing that I can't recommend
anyone to buy like even maybe if you
have like a shit ton of money but I got
that as a present literally the only
thing I ever spend money on is computers
because that counts as a tax write-off
and pretty much anything my girlfriend
buys when she takes my credit card and
that's about it that's it food and food
because I need to eat to survive but
sometimes I do too much eating but yeah
it's it's the kind of thing where it's
the thing in life where it's like cost
versus benefit verse availability of
money and I don't know I mean it's it
seems like when you use those headphones
that it helps it helps with music
because what I think a lot of people
don't realize these days especially the
generation just after my
is that mp3 is our terrible audio
quality just terrible stuff like the
frequencies get cutoff on the highs and
the lows and you get this less than
great musical experience and these
headphones and I have a few that are
actually less expensive that like kind
of fill in that void and yeah man I
don't know I don't know words things
stuff but what I don't get is the random
hate I get when people see that I have
something whether it's like those or max
or whatever there's just like an intense
hatred towards certain things and I
don't know I just I try and think to
think back to when I was an idiot and
I'm like well what would I think when
all right that's funny when I was in a
theater and I don't know I don't know if
it's like a you can't have or like an
association thing like when I see a
Maserati I'm like what kind of douche
bag has the Maserati but I guess if you
have it you can justify it but it's not
like I don't know I don't see the point
of having like a $600,000 car but anyway
today is a miserable looking day it's
cloudy it's not raining it's just like
that pre going to rain yes and so I'm
gonna clean my office possibly get a
haircut because the shag is ridiculous
looks particularly looks like a helmet
and that's when you know that it's too
much is when it looks like your hair as
a helmet I don't know but yes we'll see
if this video goes up and of course I
almost forgot if you don't have it you
should get it because uh I have a new
app out yeah new app it's the only app I
have Billy the official link under there
or somewhere else or words I don't know
fine
