I was wondering what is your favorite
kind of sandwich for a girl to make you
I just Nabal myself Scott way too much
Mayo but regardless I make a bomb
diggity sandwich so let me know and I'll
make a say much for you sometime how can
you even ask that question obviously the
best simple sandwich of all time is
roast beef with tomato lettuce and mayo
best sandwich all times super simple to
make done but of course the best thing
about sandwiches ladies and men who have
ladies who make sandwiches is that a
sandwich is so customizable it is the
what's that cheap car that they they're
like you can customize anything die on
it's the scion of food I need a haircut
quick side note to you guys who have
been sending me stuff to the mail box
below thank you unless you're one of the
several people who upset me sandwiches
thinking oh it's it would be hilarious
i'm gonna make a sandwich or I'm gonna
get my girlfriend to make Villa sandwich
I'm gonna mail it to him except for the
fact that apparently you've never gone
to science class and found out what
happens when you put bread in a very
confined area result is not delicious of
course it would be no it is bad and
moldy and no so I thought I just knock
that one out because that's like one of
the top asked questions and I'll save
you the effort no I don't ever say
you've just been phill'd in after sex I
don't ever really do that thank you very
much for the question and if you have a
question that you would like me to
answer or give you an opinion on
anything and words and things and stuff
and magic I have to go see a movie I'm
about to be late but um yeah send a
video response and you may be on this
channel yeah inward okay bye
