I feel I know not agent and I know I
don't have big boobs but hopefully and I
am talking into what looks like a metal
dildo oh that's a hard question where
would I live and we'll say for the rest
of life if you if you have to live one
place for the rest of your life where
would it be and I'll say somewhere
outside of the United States to make it
more interesting and if that neck
election is hard for me because the only
time I've been outside of the United
States was to go to Spain and to go to
Canada and Canada barely counts the only
difference between here and Canada is
health care and the people are so
fucking nice to you oh my god the nicest
people on the planet live in Vancouver
or Toronto more so Vancouver sorry it's
around so I know I just burned a lot of
bridges but both places beautiful people
everywhere
so you're beautiful just some of you
guys are nicer than others okay now that
I've ruined my relationship with some of
you let's talk about other places it
looks like I have only one arm one of
the biggest questions obviously other
than are the people nice or are they
beautiful is when is the weather like
what is the weather like right now I
live in Venice California the weather is
essentially summer-ish the entire time
our winter includes 60-degree weather
which is cold I guess if you get used to
the weather I don't know I'm cool with
not having seasons all that happens to
me during winter is I have a snowball
fight I go down a hill and then I break
my credit card because I'm scratching
ice off my windshield and I don't have
one of those things you're supposed to
have because I'm an idiot
that's that's about it that's all winter
is for me if I could live anywhere off
of what I know about it I would live in
Dubai I would except for the fact that
Jews aren't allowed which they may track
down some Jew blood in me but I would
stay there if they forgot about the
whole no Jews rule which by the way
Dubai I don't I don't really get that's
like hey let's build a place that costs
a lot of money to live and every
things expensive an extravagant and then
the Jews can't come no no but but I
don't understand even the Germans
realized how good the Jews were why do
you think the Holocaust ended because
America attacked no because the German
car dealers realized that Jews loved
German cars they gots the money I don't
know what the fuck I'm talking about
anyway anyway now that I'm bordering on
being a self-hating anti-semite yeah so
I would say Dubai but if you think that
I should live somewhere else or visit
and maybe do a Philly D meet maybe you
should make a video response saying hey
this is the place and this is why it's
awesome and maybe even show me some of
the stuff that makes it awesome just
don't have full-on nudity that would be
a good thing I don't know why I feel
like it's necessary to say that but I am
gonna say it just in case and if you do
send that video make sure to put in the
description fill come here so that I
don't confuse it with a question video
because otherwise it'll just make me
annoyed so thank you very much for the
question of course if you want me to
answer any questions about myself
opinions about your life advice anything
really it's all it's all open it send a
video response and I'll possibly do it
once a day every day for the rest of
time or until I get bored anyway I'll
see you next time love you long time
