all right Phil so I want to know do you
think that war is necessary for the
great of greater good of humankind where
do you think it's just pointless I feel
like this video response is justified
for me to do it in the the bathtub here
because it's so easy for anyone to cast
out an opinion or belief on war is
necessary when we throw out our opinions
while we're in our bathtub well in our
lazy boys watching Fox News CNN watching
pretty much anything and just doing
everything except actually participating
in the war itself it's hard to take
anyone seriously when they talk about
war they don't face to lose anything
directly like their lives from the warm
myself included you know the only thing
I face to lose is the carbon dioxide
spilling out of my body right now but
when I think about it okay is war a
necessary thing is it a necessary evil
that's yeah now is it used unnecessarily
oh my god yes are you kidding me but I
would love if we can all hold hands and
sing Kumbaya but that's not the world we
live in the problem is people in general
ones more human beings by nature are a
very aggressive species it's easier to
say things coming from the United States
of America because what we have has come
from war land or independence more land
and some other stuff and then of course
you can play than world war is very
profitable part and it is as long as you
are winning and you don't decide to
occupy the police they can just fucking
destroyed since we've seen how well
that's worked out in the past but
ultimately to the main question yes i do
believe war is a necessity because some
doors do not have a key sometimes you
just got to kick that fucker in and
there's all these specific incidents
that we can talk about but the ultimate
question that is is violence ever
necessary and I do feel like it is it is
and the problem with that is with it
being a necessity it also happens to be
getting more violence violence begets
more violence that's that is a fact when
we're attacking bad people and we kill
innocent people we create more bad
people because they think we're the bad
people almost no one goes into a fight
into a war thinking they're the
bad guy and when everyone has the moral
high ground if no one wants to move then
people are going to fight and it is sad
but I feel it is true i thank god Joe
Pesci in the Invisible Man every day
that there are people out there willing
to fight for us and to do what I would
not do don't get me wrong ok I with
Bruce Willis myself on an asteroid to
save the entire planet like millions of
times over but you're asking me do I
want to go so one of the most miserable
places on the planet to where everyone
hates me even though I'm trying to
protect a bunch of them and i know that
i'm going to either die or be kind of
mentally affected in some way afterwards
no no way am I going to do that and I
admit that so I hope that answers your
question and gives you a little insight
of course if you want to ask me any
question anything's open leave a video
response to this video and I will get
back to I will see you 2morrow I'm gonna
go put some clothes on I'm sorry I feel
I feel a little dirty
