I'm sure you get asked the question let
your favorite game is all the damn time
but I want to know what game for you is
the most enjoyable to play one that you
can just sit down
you know zone out and have fun playing
so yep that's my question that's it no
more so wait this is too dorky let's uh
there we go
let's switch I've talked about in a show
before that I think NBA Jam is the best
pick up and play game of all time
because it is to the bro scoop I can't
do the sound effects I'm sorry anyway
I'll answer this question are two ways
multiplayer and singleplayer the thing
is my favorite games are probably gonna
be a lot different than a lot of you
guys because it's weird I'm actually
older now I'm older as you can tell by
my business suit my favorite
single-player games I could pick up at
any time and enjoy just as much would be
Chrono Cross and Final Fantasy 7 because
those games are amazing yes they are
turn-based combat games but they are a
murder and for me a good game is a lot
about the story I mean even modern
warfare to some people are like oh the
campaign was really short the story was
fantastic and let's be honest modern
warfare 2 is 99.3% multiplayer and so in
that breakdown of is this game good or
not a lot of the time story is huge
that's one of the reasons that I loved
heavy rain for the ps3 even though it
was essentially 90% cutscenes where you
had to hit buttons at the right time
because the story was so great and then
you thinking oh he's definitely gonna
say modern warfare 2 for best
multiplayer no I'm not because modern
warfare 2 you in my head doesn't
necessarily count as a multiplayer game
because it's kind of like I'm by myself
I'm playing by myself and I'm playing
against people on the internet honestly
it could possibly be not people just me
robots calling me a faggot and teabag in
my face after they killed me with a nade
I wouldn't know the difference that
could just be really good voice acting
best multiplayer game ever is probably
Smash Brothers Brawl or as I like to
call it the only reason you should
really own a Wii other than a few Mario
titles thank you for the question and
taking the time I don't know how long it
is to animate that special face of yours
and I hope you understood and things and
words but anyway if you have a question
for me of course I'm doing these videos
now daily on this channel so be sure to
subscribe and send in a video response
if you want
me to answer a question anything at all
yeah no filter oh and of course thank
you to Lena who sent me this video of a
picture she drew and of course if you do
anything cool that he wants you send in
send that as it be a response as well my
favorite part is the fact that when you
finish the picture it looks like I was
like you call this a picture see you
guys tomorrow bye
