hi sexy fella I'm not asian and I don't
have large breasts so I really hope you
respond to this I was just wondering if
you were planning on having your own
miniature sexy filled one day and if so
what age would you let them start their
own webcast it's an emotional question
let me take my glasses up oh I look how
tired I am oh you know what I would love
to have a little Philip DeFranco a
little mutant version of myself but the
thing is I don't think that I would be
the the fun dad which I've seen people
comment on I don't I'm just terrible it
dealing with bullshit I'll be like why
didn't you what why did you not do what
I ask you to do I said it the words came
out of my mouth to hear ears they must
have fell to the ground look on the
ground do you see the fucking words oh
I'm sorry daddy said a bad word but it's
because you're retarded how people are
gonna say don't say that word it's a bad
word go no no no I'm retarded Phil stop
it he's only one seriously how hard is
it to put a nipple in your mouth
seriously seriously little Phil you do
our family name like that I'm joking but
yeah I would love to have a kid and I
would do what my dad did love it as much
as possible and try and protect it as
much as possible and I know that the the
baby is not the first baby ever made but
I'm gonna treat him like he is but very
attractive non-asian gigantic boobed
philly d viewer there was a time that i
did not want to have children i was so
emotionally distraught from a
relationship that i could only explain
it in song i wish i could fall get show
but I cannot forget your face this place
it hurts that's why i am going to cut
you in the face most likely possibly
somewhere else but i don't even know yet
i should not say this no
no no no the reason that I say this is
that I my god lady in the future and
then they will listen to the audio gonna
be like look he was planning it
sorry it was just my goal at some point
to ad-lib over a cover of a been King so
it's a very specific goal but it feels
like the first time I landed on an
aircraft carrier and Top Gun as far as
part two of your question when would I
allow them to podcast be on YouTube it I
joke about being sexist but the answer
is actually sexist um I if it was a boy
I would probably let him start like 12
13 that would like super control what he
was putting out there there was a girl
never I think it's just because I'd be
more protective of a girl I don't know
it's just like there are so many weirdos
in the world especially on the internet
like it weirds me out when I see
people's kids on the internet especially
when there's like little girls it's just
like a home blog and then you know
there's like a kid running around like
almost naked I'm like whoa like I said
maybe i'm just weird i just it just
weirds me out because I know who's out
there a lot of them watch my show but
then again I mean the answer to this is
really just kind of hypothetical and as
of now because I know my mind my brain
matter area will change and transform
into a daddy brain the moment I have a
child can only hold that B button to
cancel evolution for so long gots to
grow up s was messes haha but thank you
for the question and of course if you
want to UM ask a question about anything
pretty much anything is open sunday a
video response to this video and I guess
I will see you tomorrow bye when the
night is dark
that's when I'll hide the body
well I would stop the Sun now
