go it up so I'm gonna pop it ha ha ha i
was just wondering uh hey you got your
big break on youtube I know you're the
YouTube pimp on the chain king of the
castle I don't know that it means but I
you're the big star on campus I mean
what was that a big break like and how
did you get to be the star you are today
well I guess it's really all about
perception because um will you call a
star I call going Nova I am NOT the pimp
on a chain whatever it was that you just
said but uh I've been on YouTube for
three and a half four years which means
that I should have died a long time ago
on YouTube the reason in my mind that
I'm still around as I was one of the
first people to come up with no I should
be on a fucking schedule mean at least
on youtube because most of the time
people that were big were these people
that were posting one time a month and
people got used to seeing me on those
specific dates I'll be honest it's much
harder to get large on YouTube these
days gotta know people or your shit's
gotta be so awesome with a look of the
dice someone notices it and it goes
viral a lot of youtubers came from
really shady beginnings I mean way back
in the day like where you had to like
throw an image in the exact center of a
video to get a thumbnail like that was
abused like crazy myself included
youtubers even today they they've
cleaned up their act still use a copy
written music a copy written video that
they're not allowed to use Wow people in
the top 20 used auto loaders back when I
was actually worked and they would boost
view counts spambots to subscribe like a
bunch of drug dealers trying to get into
the wall street game my favorite thing
was youtubers that were like yeah you
know my account did that but it was the
guy that was running my account that did
it that's the equivalent of saying
something rude to a girl on the internet
and be like oh my god I'm so sorry my
little brother got on the computer I
darn little brother that comes on and
says things like I want to come on your
tits this is YouTube a place where video
thrives but not necessarily the best
video for example myself and
raywilliamjohnson pretty much anyone
that likes good video has men
and or talked about Julian Smith TV now
before all the promotion he had amazing
videos but they weren't getting the
views that they deserve and all of a
sudden these single person studios
producing videos on youtube become the
curators for the content on the website
seems more and more like yes of course
make good content but it really depends
on who you know think of a youtuber you
watch and then think of how you found
out about the most often than not it's
because of word-of-mouth promotion
possibly a collaboration I just winced
why I said collaboration but yeah make
videos that you actually enjoy don't
just pander to whatever you think is
going to get the most views it would
naturally be part of what you're doing
then yeah include it let that be the tip
of your spear if you're not into it it's
gonna show become friends with and
network with the right people if you're
new to the whole YouTube game there is a
plethora of people that would just love
to do something with you they are what
I'd like to call the 100 to 250 thousand
subscriber club the reason is that more
often than not these people care about
subscribers the most than anyone else on
YouTube another surefire way to tell if
they are part of this group if not
mathematically but mentally is that they
have twenty thousand million people in
their other channels boxes and what they
fail to realize is that when they have
20 people in their other channels even
if the plan works and they subscribe
accidentally to all of those other
people they just helped put their next
video out of the subscriber bucks and
they fail to realize that it's just
obnoxious and if you have just four or
five channels and the other channels
people are more likely to join because
it's like oh these must be special to in
summary it's thirty percent making good
content thirty percent networking and
forty percent the fuck was that noise
and personally I got my big break two
ways one making fun of people on the
internet and two I got featured back
when it mattered now the equipment of
being featured on the homepage is being
promoted in the video of a top 20
YouTube and I'm just being honest about
the long term because there's a
difference between having a really
popular video in a really popular Chen a
lot of people don't see that I hope that
helps uh me or you found that
interesting and you know what at the end
of every month I'll choose someone that
sent in a video question and I will add
that person to my other channels for a
month just another fun thing to do
together but guys of course if you have
a question you would like me to answer
send it as a video response and
next time I'm going to answer another
question because I'm still waiting for
my flight
