who is your inspiration like who gives
you more inspiration yes I'd like to
order some dinner yeah yes that's it
awesome thanks so much before I answer
your question sir that I will call sexy
face hair man they called me the
nickname maker back in the day because
they couldn't come up with anything
clever like I could have for myself
which I called myself ah McGee is
actually my name ha McGee
now that we're all bleeding from the ear
um I wear these glasses I saw that in
the comments why are you wearing those
glasses you look like a douchebag I know
I look like a douchebag and it's not
because I'm hiding that I'm high drug or
whatever I'm just I'm just tired and
also I had a rare surgery that replaced
my eyes with a vaginas for I'm just
tired now my answer to who inspires me
of course the obvious ones there are
people like my dad or people who
overcome things it bothers me when
people are like oh yeah my inspiration
my idols LeBron James Bron James is 18
feet tall if he could not dunk a
basketball over someone's head he should
be shot in the face like a horse who has
a limp but if there was one specific
person that inspires me its myself for
overcoming myself every day I am the
most self-destructive person on the
planet but honestly there's two main
inspirations in my life you know there's
a the thing that kept me kind of dig in
the YouTube thing before I got paid and
that was videos responses that I would
get like this can you read that can you
read that say no YouTube I use that
video as an example I don't mean to be
pervy but what I mean is you know
growing up in middle school in high
school I never really got the attention
of girls it didn't really happen until
partway into college where I lost a lot
of my weight because I was a huge
motherfucker when I was little and
during that time I was just like this
fit dude with a fat guy personality
which if you're a girl you know that is
amazing it's the same thing when you
find a pretty girl with a personality
you're like what happened to you are you
from the future
bring me to your magical time machine
because obviously hot girls in the
future have gotten hotter and what they
see is ugly is still a 10 in our books
and it's like oh my god
girls like me and all of a sudden guys
are like you're cool dude man this was
three years ago the slang was completely
different you know bro-heem people like
me for being me what is wrong with this
world and then of course there's the
opposite spectrum of just hates haters
haters not even such just YouTube major
just people that are just fucking mean
and rude and you're just like dude I am
gonna be so much better than you so I
can look back at you and be like what a
fucking schmuck
for example first girl I ever kissed I
really wasn't into the kiss I wasn't
into her and I told her then the next
day she told everyone that I was a
terrible kisser and all her friends were
bitches and that's why it was my goal
that semester to make out with all of
her friends yes Jamie talking to you I
don't remember your last name because it
was high school so I did I ended up
dating almost all of her friends until
the final one was her best friend and it
caused a rift and they didn't talk for
two months until that final day of
school was transferring to another high
school the next year has nothing says
fun like starting her sophomore year
somewhere else where no one knows you I
was like I'm tired of her Jamie I want
to be with you this summer
and her heart was aflutter I said but I
want to know you're really there I want
you to be my first she said I want you
to be my first we got really close and I
kissed her and I said go fuck yourself
you slut and I walked away and that was
probably one of the best moments of my
entire life
was it petty and mean-spirited hell yes
and probably makes me a very bad person
but there's nothing like winning at life
you want to be inspired get angry
someone calls you fat lose that weight
and then fuck his girlfriend or if
you're really packing his mom because
there's no overcoming that you can't be
a guy who makes one of another guy and
find out that that dude bangs your mom
there's no comeback you can continue
making fun you can beat the shit out of
that guy but you cannot beat that guy's
fuck out of your mom bus you win
checkmate and as you can probably tell
anger has always been my biggest
inspiration though most of it has been
not as evil or of hearing no you can't
all the time and then doing it really
how can you change without a little
destruction in the first place I hope
that answers your question and of course
if you have any questions for me and
them as a video response oh and
forgot the blippi contest I'm extending
it to the end of this month if you want
to win the chance to get $5,000 over the
link in the explanation in the sidebar
you can check out my blippi follow me
and possibly win plus you get to find
out all other sorts of weird things
about me we'll see you tomorrow
