hey Phil um my comment question to you
why do you only pay attention to girls
with their boobs out why did do it Phil
what's that about what's that about Phil
sorry I default - mocking when the
answer is obvious but um of lis lady on
the internet I am focused on girls with
large breasts is's because that's what
my viewers like and that's what I like
um to look at for example you miss X
video probably have other redeeming
qualities outside of making sandwiches
having large breasts is's and having
large breasts is's while making
sandwiches I imagine you could possibly
play soccer or think for yourself I'm
not sure what women do but when that
fabled moment happens where a woman with
large breasts is's also has a sense of
humor and is not enormous in waist size
um I'm like yes I have found
kryptonite's um when a kryptonite's not
good unless I'm trying to kill my
viewers which it could happen loss of
blood you never know but um I go that is
a unicorn this is amazing let me grab
this unicorn and put it on the Internet
to get millions of views but I did
notice you are very interested and
adamant about breasteses and thumbnails
as I saw in your next video okay so what
do you think about people on YouTube
using their bodies to get more views or
um people like sexy Phil who put girls
in the thumbnails see more views Judi
it's wrong first off a bit of advice if
you do make videos in the future do not
mention my name in a video because you
are ruining the viewer experience if
they are listening to the audio while
they are struggling to stop looking at
your two friends so they can see what
your face looks like they don't want to
hear my face my name because now if they
watch one of my videos and they feel
like that they're weirded out secondly I
like this move that you do
it's like the PG version of saying why
did guys like boobies well pushing them
up against a plate-glass window the
question that I guess is the bigger
question is why two sexes own that is
because sex is awesome it's just
fantastic it's one of the the three best
things in the world only followed by ice
cream and the chocolate stuff that
hardens on ice cream if I'm talking
about just politics I'm shooting at a
target with a very narrow arrow not a
good thing most of my targets pretty
small but if I'm talking about a little
this in a little event oh and I'm gonna
put a pair of boobies on my cover of
Maxim magazine i'ma do it now is the
magazine completely about boobies no but
it is part of it and I think it's
probably the most interesting thing to
you when it comes down to the very true
fact that I could make a video talking
about whatever I want to talk about
politics science I'm just crazy what the
fuck stuff but if I include a segment
called miss X video covered in chocolate
I use that as my Center shot I'm gonna
get a ton more views than if I just do
whatever yeah in summation that is
essentially why I do tend to focus on
that and why I use those Center shots
and also if you want to do a segment on
the show that involves chocolate doesn't
involve chocolate that's you just let me
know and you can do it because there is
a place where beautiful women with giant
breasteses can feel and be popular and
my friends it is no longer being the
hostess or waitress at a restaurant
because you are just waiting to get your
model and / acting gig that is no longer
drunk nearly passed out face down on the
ground at a frat house being trained by
a bunch of guys that say dude too much
it is a place called YouTube the great
equalizer I know what I'm babbling about
thank you for the question and if you
guys have any more questions I'm going
to take the questions from the other
show and just answer one a day here or
at least I'll try send them as a video
responses if you have a question but
yeah it could be fun
