they're parking and by we're packing me
I'm packing
I'm gonna go on a plane I'm really
really really way to close with this
camera but um
packing for me is super easy I don't
know how it is for you because I get
like two pairs of jeans like some
jogging pants because you know I jog so
much as you can tell by my amazing
figure equal amounts of socks for days
same for underwear and same for sure
it's unless it's like for an extended
stay and then I'll just have like three
or four and then just clean them cuz I'm
not a chick I don't have to worry about
I don't have to worry about shoes I'm
not like a 1d what will go with this I
don't know why apparently women talk
like this they don't
I wonder what shoes will go with this I
don't know for me it's like oh I wonder
what she was probably the shoes the only
pair of shoes that I own probably those
they're my my white with grass stains
build with sand smell like feet or sour
cream and onion potato chips
I either way really and I pre check-in
because I don't like to deal with this
it's just there you save 40 minutes it's
perfect okay so I get to the gate with
45 minutes till until they board our 15
till they depart or when they expect it
apart and I need to relax get the chill
yeah it's good times good jobs guys I
think maybe I don't know but I'm gonna
go watch Battlestar Galactica sorry I'm
just tired of saying that same thing why
are there four seasons because it's
awesome
obviously it's really really good I'm in
season three almost at the end so
hopefully some point in this trip I'll
be done
why is this always
three hours in three well
you're in the phone
not crazier than one
I know you're thinking how does Phil get
that awesome Froelich going on and why
is he wearing Sarah Palin glasses
I'm waiting for my my contacts to be
ready to put into my eyes you know cuz
there's nothing sexier than going okay
but uh I have to go get some gel get a
get a charger for my MacBook Pro cuz I
forgot the one thing that I definitely
need it as always and yeah I'm here in
Tampa Florida which if you've ever lived
in Tampa or flown into Tampa and exited
the building during the summer you like
walk out and you're like oh it's so
conditioned air conditioned it's nice
and then the next thing you do is you
walk outside and like my glass is
completely fluff fogged up and then I
was just like my body was like why is
there no moisture in the air and it's
hot it's like wearing a wet box and it
smells like frog or gecko it's pretty
bad but I'm completing just a complaint
because it's funny to me but um yeah I
don't know it's a it's good to be back
in Tampa I lived here three to five
years and I'm here because uh I think I
think I said it maybe on Twitter
something I could I'm seeing my my dad
my family it's my dad's birthday on the
4th so I'm bringing him a special
present and then my mom is graduating on
the 13th she uh my mom's changed careers
multiple times she went back to college
the same time I actually entered college
which was a while ago and waiter I was a
sophomore owner I just remember we
actually this is embarrassing we had the
same English class and yeah it was and
the that's not the embarrassing part the
embarrassing part was when everyone
found out and then she continued to be
more popular than me both of my parents
very social people I on the other hand
right I'm actually not so much I mean
most of my conversations with people are
over the internet I'm more of a like a
one-on-one person like oh we're having
dinner and you realize I'm a very nice
person and I'm funny and I'm not
actually mean all the time but groups of
people I'm just like
I'm gonna be quiet or get really wasted
embarrassing myself and sometimes say
words all together at once and they
don't really make sense on it but uh I'm
gonna go see my dad I'm gonna upload
this video while I'm in the taxi and I
already know people hear me like why
aren't you sleeping at your dad's place
one there's not a lot of room and two
even when I visit family friends I like
to I like to sleep at a hotel and just
like be by myself because otherwise I'd
like sleeping on the couch or like I
don't know it's it's weird
even though it was like one of my
childhood homes I'm just I'm very I'm
very used to or I enjoy being by myself
I enjoy like like the fact that I slept
11 hours cuz he's fine
curtains I woke up and I was like
there's no puppies licking my face which
I missed the puppies and I miss my
girlfriends but I don't steal my covers
and there's no light shining in my face
or alarm same make a video I'm like ah
ah I could be in hell but as long as I'm
in a hotel I'm like ah so I just close
my eyes I'm like I'm in the Bahamas and
I can stay in all day ah I don't know
I'm Rancic nah trancing rambling that's
better but I'm gonna go see my dad and
I'm probably gonna give him his birthday
present early and and I'm getting my my
sister a very not a very late late
birthday present cuz I couldn't give her
what I wanted to give her and I think
when you guys see it you'll be like
awesome or you'll be like fuck you bill
I hate your face I hate your face don't
know why I watch your video is that a
mark or something man
but I'm gonna go my left arm is getting
tired and boy I didn't hit it right
whoops I did hit it I'm sorry I'm sorry
I'll build for real this time okay okay
okay
