so Toby forgot his his copy of Alan Wake
we're getting a preview of it and I'm
not let them come back upstairs
it's a rule because everyone's naked
except me and I'm gonna see if this will
survive
are you filming - stop it stop it this
is a 1 this is a 1 camera shoot Toby
we're on the Internet okay wait let's
see I hope it doesn't land it what else
is out okay did it break but or not of
I'm gonna go get on the ipad 3g so that
I can give you guys an iPad yay yeah
so fun thing is I'm gonna start maybe
maybe we'll see we'll see I'm trying to
think how I can do the vlog ADIZ as easy
as possible so that I can keep up with
them
and I'm like well editing them on the
big computer HD it's kind of you know
it's kind of crazy so many a lot of
youtubers have people editing like one
of their channels the other one their
vlogs and I don't know I kind of want to
see if I can just do it on the iPhone
there's the software that I'm using and
it's straight on the the iPhone and app
rather and I'm editing it and I don't
know it could be it could be cool
obviously the quality is gonna be much
lower not because I'm recording at a
much lower quality because the iPhone
actually has decent quality how many
times can I say quality in one sentence
that is around sentence forever millions
I don't know what I'm saying but uh yeah
stuff words gonna try and do it oh so
yeah the quality is lower because I'm
uploading it to YouTube over 3G so it
makes it as like small as possible but
uh yeah I know why I'm saying that
because for the first 40 minutes before
it processes people it's terrible yeah
hey middle-class Americans that's weird
don't why you bringing that up that's
random okay there's a weird doing you
would again
across your eyes look how look how
lazier you look I like that look it's
like I don't really care and then mine's
like I wear different shirts underneath
the same hoodie what uh
I'm recording the way it moves the hair
is like this closer so we can see and we
move easier make this so there we go now
it's beautiful now we go like this six
that's it I want it now
she knows I know you
doesn't read you have it I have a fake
list so I just have to be weird randomly
well I added you that's all oh so
they're breeding like rabbits
so hi so we have Jonathan max smile see
you the cool one no it's okay
I have to get you you'd be the most
excited person on the planet oh you
gotta have fun man that's what's the
point what's the point
it's not enjoying light drink more so I
got the iPad the new 3G iPad which of
course means that we have two iPads in
the house which means we have to get rid
of one so I'm gonna be giving that away
sometime this month as in the next two
weeks most likely on like totally
awesome youtube.com slash like totally
awesome but I'm gonna start packing
because I have to catch a plane at 8 o
clock in the morning in the morning or
six or 12 I'm not really sure but uh I
need to have a bag to go so I'm gonna go
do that and I'll see you next time which
would be probably sometime soon since I
can do this on my phone now I just I
just made a weird face and then I was
like wait I'm not gonna be able to cut
that because it's the iPhone smart think
No
