it's the final so um oh oh he doesn't
like that song some mock the proper oh
so um i was gonna make this really long
video explaining the the difference
between the new show on sxephil channel
called not safe for work and the philip
defranco show and there are a few things
the first of which being in the past few
months I came to the understanding with
a company that I cannot name that they
believed because of a contract I signed
way back in the day which was kind of
vague that they owned rights to the
Philip DeFranco show specifically
redistribution rights and the rights to
try and sell advertising against my show
which I would be forced to do so I have
had to drop it but then at the same time
I was like well let's let's just let's
project Phoenix it right I'm just
something fresh and new coming from the
ashes of something previous right is
that how it works I don't know I don't
know and is that how it works I don't
know and um let's see and so that's that
was that was the main thing and then I
was like an let's just um let's cut it
down to something that I really enjoy
which is a forest douchebag of the day
usually one crazy story and then a
viewer question but then let's also
let's take a viewer question not just
like have someone do a video and that's
a question for the entire audience but
that's just my question so you got to
get an answer out of me find out a
little button oh my god I get stuff is
actually goes ah ah get them get up
and oh yes so that's that's pretty much
it you know I uh one just had to to make
things make sense and Wow to just to
kind of bring the show back oh my god
and of course I'm Philly d-don't TVs
back up so since the shows will be
shorter there will be a lot a lot a lot
of content going up on Philly DTV so
check it out today this one shows
there's a bunch of fun stuff and I'm
gonna go a play fetch with these guys on
the beach so um love you guys and vons
will be coming back soon I'm just uh
mainly been dealing with that fucking
mess yeah but you guys long time pours
