first rule of Scrabble club no one talks
about the Scrabble club because then
they would beat us up because we're in a
Scrabble club no that's what a threw me
off the other day was a there was this
huge announcement that they were going
to what it was it was it they were going
to start including proper nouns in the
world of Scrabble and the Scrabble
community that apparently exists
Scrabble on the iPad is now about half
the reason I use it because the
girlfriend steals that every chance she
gets because apparently she wants to go
pro so then I have to school her in some
wordage they I'm gonna make a restaurant
oh watch some Bret Ernst because we're
gonna see him into like five other
comedians tonight at the other Laugh
Factory it's gonna be it's gonna be fun
I haven't I haven't been to a show
actually once we show what last week
that's pretty much it's awesome now it's
a good rundown
oh my god this is I just picked a wedgie
yes
that's literally all the footage I got
because they made me they made me turn
off the camera because Dane Cook came on
and everyone whipped out their fucking
cell phones they're like Dane Cook do
something funny I'm gonna post it on the
Internet but it was an amazing show and
there were a ton of great comedians and
the crowd was awesome and I had a blast
especially looking at the insanely drunk
girls getting into their limo guys want
to finish destroying this office and
I'll figure out what we'll do with these
vlogs because I'm sure I figure out if I
still want to eat them daily or if I
want to just do them whatever so that
I'm not likes whomping your inboxes
because you're subscribed to all the
channels but um yeah I'll figure it out
and it's uh it's not like I'm stressing
about it but um yeah y'all gonna go and
fly I can't actually fly but um yeah end
of video
