so today I wanted to start off with
giving you a little tour
I still haven't taken that note off I
like to I like to wake up every morning
and go someone loves me or at least my
face and here's the bathroom where all
the lights are broken hello that's me in
the mirror wearing my my douche glasses
these are I call these my hangover
hiders but really I just wear them
whenever I'm tired which is all the time
phoo so here I have the molding putty
that's that's gel for everyone that's
not a homosexual Oh Joey I'm joking and
then of course we have an attached
bathroom where I have a boogie boards
for when people come over when I liked
it's a boogie board if you if you watch
the show or watch anything you know that
I love the boogie boardin because uh it
just it's just something like you go out
there especially when it's cold because
your day just like overtakes your body
and you know it's just like it makes you
one like really really alert you're like
ah like everything's different and and
it's really awesome when the waves are
super big because you know there's
there's that like you know there's that
sense of danger and you know and then
especially when you get rolled the first
time you get rolled I think it really
like defines kind of who you are because
if you get rolled and you're like oh my
god I almost died you're like yes that's
you know that's that's what I'm talking
about if you got rolled you're like oh
my god I'm tied then um that's boring
dude I don't know I mean I'm not talking
like I'm not talking about
boogie-boarding like it's like super
hardcore but I just mean like if you do
anything you're I don't know I can kind
of get it with um with like skydiving we
promote for the most part you know a lot
of people all right after they go
skydiving like let's do it good but then
you know you give it two or three months
and they're like well I don't like the
idea of possibly dying but um I don't
know I just you got to have those little
things I think those little those little
things that make you worried if you're
gonna you're gonna wake up or if you're
gonna survive it I don't know that's how
I want to go out you know I feel like I
feel like I'm gonna go I'm gonna
like a seriously lame way so I wanna I
want to go out in like a in a blaze of
gunfire okay so enough of that uh some
of you remember the poster that I've had
for probably about a year and a half now
a lot of a lot of the posters or like
the stuff that I put up have like
actually like meanings behind them like
the monkey thing I had talked to people
about this one is is less what's the
word less figurative I don't know it's
it's it's a word in the dictionary is
what it is is this how great would the
knife be if we lived a little of it
every day and that's kind of that's kind
of why I want I started a battle for
sport um I mean not specifically that
poster but that idea that I that I deal
and you know I've kind of taken a hiatus
on it so that I can have my little queer
life crisis where I'm like no matter
what I do but I don't know the kind of
person I person I am I can only live in
reality for for so long and then I go
back into my little filly the fantasy
land and so we're getting we're getting
back there which is good it's more smile
and then okay so we have we have that
and then that stack of papers that I'm
going to try and not zoom in on are the
last year of statements so that I can
write a check that hurts my wallet and
pay my taxes before the 15th okay so
this is this is a this is a camera stand
if you've never been unprofessional
which is a broken xbox 360 console a
hardback copy of the boys which is an
awesome comic and then of course Adobe
Photoshop for photographers because um I
for a while I want it to be a glamor
photographer you know take take photos
and and video for like when Maxim does
like the top 100 hotties and because
there's there's you know there's a lot
of it is like really just like oh look
there's the hot chick take pictures but
there's like they're there some people
that really do it well and they make it
art that also excites dudes instead of
just like hey show us your titties
okay okay and I don't know I I like to
think that I have an artistic mind
somewhere in here
like I know most most of the stuff that
I do involves kind of music and pacing
like and this is kind of this kind of
embarrassing
one of my favorite things in the world
are musicals I've actually still though
I've never seen like a musical on
Broadway or anything I always end up
seeing like Chicago rent Moulin Rouge
and movie form and then I just I love it
I love it like it's so embarrassing it's
just um I don't know there's there's a
there's a beauty there's a beauty to the
words which probably sounds weird since
my main show is just like cut cut cut
cut but I mean it's just a thing of
piecing I don't know I don't know it's
it's like the binary of language I uh
it excites me it's these stupid little
things and of course there's the the
chaos over here and that's actually that
was just sent by a viewer and I don't
have the email fucking match dude I
don't have the earlier the the the thing
he wrote on the back but I will find it
and I will mention I said the button
whoops I will mention it in a video in
the future because uh that's awesome I
saw you guys send the coolest shit
coolest shit on the planet whether it's
like like small stuff for big stuff for
just even letters I love it but um let's
see that's that's pretty much your
office it's super simple there's a lot
of there's a lot of shit that I throw
into the closet like everyone else and
that's it that's it and we've been
shooting the like totally awesome shows
over at a Tony's house and let me know
also in the comments what you think of
the host because I know I personally
love both of them Toby Turner I was a
fan and then I was like you gotta you
got to be a part of this so so hopefully
it works out he's in New York right now
a little bit for a pilot and stuff and
yeah I just I just I love man
oh no it's exciting it's really really
exciting just just the web in general I
think that's why I was so disappointed
by the streaming is because I felt like
it kind of just like took away some of
the legitimacy that we wanted and you
know some of it was the streamys and
some of it were drunk youtubers storming
the stage to liven things up but it was
you know it was out of line it was
disrespectful and you know and when I
say stuff like that oh my god I sound
like a prude but you know there's a time
in a place to do stuff and that's
College yeah if you haven't checked out
LTA go to like totally awesome I'll
include a link in the hundred
description bar description eight or
clicky thing or as mystery guitar man
says the doobly-doo I guess now there's
a different place it should be called
the data DVD that maybe let me know what
you think of Toby and our new gamer girl
I just want to surround myself with
people that are much better than myself
and that should be easy because I'm me
but guys I'm gonna I'm gonna hop hop hop
hop out of here and I'm gonna take off
these stupid Oh stupid fucking glasses
but uh I think I just broke him so
that's special okay I'm gonna go let me
long time Oh
