hi Kevin Brueck here with LTA i'm here
with philips girlfriend she's uh
apparently on the computer doing
something with tables what are you doing
here Lindsay I'm making a proposal for a
client I'm in who's your client I have
no idea what her name is but she lives
really far away it seems like you don't
really pay attention to the work that
you do no not really not very much I'm
in it for the money apparently Lindsay's
in it all for the money that's all for
now with LTA news I'm Kevin Brueck
signing off oh hello boys and girls um
today is if friday i don't do the philip
defranco show today so it's a much more
laxed day around around the house we
have Sarah Toby and Matt filming LTA at
a different location and today's mainly
just like chillin on the roof signing
paperwork reading emails sipping coffee
and banging brass dudes doing cocaine
and watching the Rugrats so it's a good
friday and i don't know yesterday was
was fun cuz a lot of people didn't know
this actually know what I you know what
after watching me for such a long time I
imagine that you would know I am very
bad with timing in that what i mean by
that is that I'm late a lot I'd be a
terrible girlfriend but they look I
don't know what's happening I thought I
could just take three pills I didn't
realize you have to take it twenty-two
days of the year and late again um no
that's the worst kind of late but my
kind of late is like yes we will be
there at three thirty and then I show up
at five as you can tell by this footage
of when I kind of left Sarah and Kevin
hanging hey guys Kevin Brueck here for
like totally awesome we're sitting here
at this super awesome
PR firm waiting for Phil to get here
he's late so I just came up with an
awesome idea for a movie in a world
where Philip DeFranco is late for his
own meeting only one woman can get a
mirror on time Sarah evershed is the
producer right oh where the fuck are you
you're waiting for two hours this is
pretty interesting this fit this car
it's is that do you think it's on
purpose at the fuck would be home super
weird look at how to turn ok but he's
turning to I don't know
but we were going there to do an
interview for Alan Wake got a got a
hands-on and that's actually gonna be on
LT ain't today and I thank you could you
enjoy that gee let's uh let's talk about
that boys and girls LTA we are
assembling a team of four crack shot
Assassin's or people that like to play
video games and we have most of the
people i think we're we're we're closing
it down the whole idea is that LTA will
be four or five days a week for the
people that love movies video games and
of course tech it's finally coming to
fruition makes me happy in my pants
especially after a lot of people seem to
love the people that are coming on the
show makes me happy I love finding
really good people on the internet and
spotlighting them and saying look
they're amazing it's super fun it's
probably my favorite thing about the the
whole internet thing is finding people
that are really good giving them a shot
or like putting them in a place that's
really good I almost enjoy it more than
talking to you guys not fully don't get
to get the wrong idea I still I still
have feelings for you and I love you
guys more than life itself that's a lie
but I do love you guys more than
butterscotch ice cream because after two
bites it kind of just gets overwhelming
it's like butterscotch ice cream plus
cream soda my cream soda is the most
delicious thing on the planet that for
like three steps you like k enough cream
so did I get the idea and I'm gonna
start trying to get out of the house
more since I'm in a much better mood
less stressful mood and really go out
and do some more fun stuff this weekend
we're going actually one Lindsey's
birthday party she's 21 what's up fellas
she's legal but mine and then the second
thing is the streamys which of course is
that award show that I mentioned on the
field Franco show a long time ago where
they give people awards for doing stuff
online last year they were essentially
the Felicia Day awards but rightfully so
because they did produce like the best
thing on the internet last year that was
nominated and it's cool they it seems
like they're finally embracing youtubers
in the sense of I think four of us real
tubers and I'm saying real tubers are
nominated across the board most of us
are bloggers Michael Buckley was
nominated for best show much loved
Michael Buckley and then a bunch of
youtubers are now going and it's cool
because it's like this this merger of
the people that actually get it with the
people that want to get it interesting
it's a very weird time for the
a lot of people are gonna succeed a lot
of people gonna fail a lot of people are
going to stab each other in the back a
lot of people are going to find friends
they didn't know they had oh no it's
very dramatic for what we do which is
kind of kind of funny but help me out
internet already got my girlfriend one
present for her birthday but I'd like to
give her something from you guys so um
give me an idea of why I should get her
obviously things like um give her the D
already already gonna happen ok ok but
you know just what should I get her and
ladies maybe make a video response dudes
video response I don't know help me out
cuz uh you know it's a 21st birthday
what is it gonna be but until next time
I'm gonna go eat a puppy right now it
was delicious oh he's still behind me
please I find a study so interesting is
it contradicts a previous study that
shows that women usually spend most of
their times nagging and looking through
my phone
