and so yesterday's video was really
interesting to me because I don't know I
guess I thought that it would be not
received well cuz you know a lot of
people and I don't want like a real
person on the internet they want someone
that just like makes them laugh but I
think that's why I've come to like this
this family that we all have I mean
everyone likes to laugh and that's what
the main channels for and this is more
of uh yeah just me
early morning CBS it could fill my
prescription in 25 minutes but I have to
be home in 15 minutes to give my
girlfriend my car and then have no
access to a DD medication it wouldn't
even actually be that big of a deal but
for the past two weeks I don't know what
it is I haven't been able to go to sleep
I end up just like staying up all night
and watching like a series like I just
started watching Chuck and Chuck season
1 was like really really good and there
was like this is really dark undertone
to it and it was really cool and I liked
a lot of it and I'm watching season 2
and where I started watching season 2 it
like 4 o'clock in the morning I just
realize you could only see hey what's
that BAC the rest of my face and season
2 is just like hey look we have our show
to cats please and they've no freedom so
I'm gonna have to I'm gonna have to
steal someone's car to come back here so
that I can get my legal speed
is terrifying
so it's like a tranny who sings badly
and makes for smoothies and they're like
that Trez are Susan Boyle
that's what we need to do ok sorry guys
I got a I gotta leave the internet we're
going to the Philippines they think
that's awesome you just you wait the
block oh my god he speaks four words
every cut
oh hello sometimes I like to just come
up on my roof relax a little before
before we start getting into the work
and by that of course I mean being lazy
oh hey buddy buddy boys hey what you
doing boys do over the years I've been
talking about you know having your your
own special spot that you're gonna go to
by yourself and this is kind of mine
right now probably the best part is just
that you can you can lay down and my
favorite thing to do is to do this at
night because you can just see the sky
like there's no other lights as long as
you look directly out it's really weird
it's really odd feel incredibly small he
was laying oh that must understand he
was I love all the little things like
that that uh but that can entertain me
like when when everyone was little you
played lava where you'd have to jump
from one object to another you touch the
ground you died but you didn't but tell
me what games have you uh invented in
your brain area or what what do you do I
don't know something something something
small or quirky I find I study so
interesting is it contradicts a previous
study that shows that women usually
spend most of their times nagging and
looking through my phone
