hello I'm so yeah I got a lot of
messages yesterday like bill I did you
not do the thing with the thing make a
vlog and I don't know it's cuz kind for
the past for the past 3-4 days I've not
want wanted to do anything I've had this
um schedule coming up to the mic oye
doing stuff I don't wanna do with the
reason that I got into the job yeah yeah
um no I got into this job by luck an
accident and the thing is like anytime I
want to make certain video though I want
to complain but you know you can't
really complain because if you have one
good thing in your life and it's like a
public thing than people that what do
you have to complete its like when a
parents are like oh well what is a high
schooler have to worry about because you
see something right and then you put it
in this category that's one dimensional
you're like oh vlogger who gets to chill
at home all the time that must be
fantastic no I mean and so we look at a
lot of people one-dimensional except a
copy we never look at the puppy as
one-dimensional because he's not look at
all the emotion in his face he's like
I'm sleepy I'm also shy I'm also
wondering angel
oh bloody Robin um and so III just like
making vlogs where I'm like I'm feeling
down because honestly I felt down for
like the the past two weeks and you know
you try and hide it as much as you can
to the people around you or to the
audience or just anyone because you know
no one likes our put yeah and I don't
know I've just felt down like mentally
worn down recently physically worn down
and when you get in the went when you
get into those moods it's easy to become
depressed it's like two things happen
you're like oh I mean to real things not
like I'm gonna leave you a comment call
you a faggot nearly okay that's just
some angry 40 year old or 12 year old
boy that's what like when real stuff
happens now like uh and i think i think
a lot of it and i've been trying to put
it in my head high or like trying to
figure out how to put it in my head and
i think it's a lot of a lot of the the
blessings in my life are also stress
just a lot of stress like when you're
when you're helping someone or your yeah
just helping someone they they rely on
you it's two pictures it's a picture of
you pushing them up above yourself right
and then there's the picture of them
with an iron grip on your foot falling
to their doom you know and i guess that
that picture is you know you're trying
to push them to be to live better to
everything better but at the same time
when that when that picture where
they're grabbing your feet and they're
pulling down on you that's stress that's
that weighing down on you and so a lot
of my blessings are also stressors i
think a lot of people can relate to it
growing up I think my mom was a crazy
person because you know she should be
like oh do you need me to do this for
you and I'm like wow that's super super
nice that's super nice of you mom and
then like three days later when I didn't
want to like go to the mall with her for
eight hours and watch her like try on
shoes she's like why do you mean don't
remember that
I did for you oh I can do you favors by
you can't do and I want to think it's
like this different thing because my mom
used to do favors just to have something
over you you know she's like she was the
mob she was lucky I'll do this we've no
no problem maybe I'll come to you you
help me sometime but me I think it's I i
wish i wish to the bottom of my heart
that i could not care about people and
that can sound like an asshole thing to
say like oh I love people too much no
what I mean is I just I wish I could
turn it off I wish maybe a psychopath
where I I just didn't care like
everything was a decision it was a
tactic but I know I can't and I feel
like I sometimes feel like it's the
reason I don't know I'll fail because
this is in final fantasy like a the
ability to bring people together is your
power no um sorry it took you look so
i'll be getting back to the the doing
new stuff a day thing i feel i feel
smarter when i'm depressed anyone i
think it's actually a scientific study
of people that are more depressed
something happens in the brain that
they're able to break down problems they
become analytical and stuff and things
and they're able to break down a problem
into a bunch of little pieces so they
know how to fix it you just want ballet
your albums a better robes okay you know
that's a fun thing about life is that
you can always find something new or
something else to try you know i'm gonna
i'm gonna go back at it and try not to
take certain things for granted but
maybe maybe change some of the things
that are stressing me out because a man
i feel like i should be enjoying this a
lot more i'll probably take some time
off and may to see my family haven't
seen my mom and year and a half
hopefully today is just a day that makes
tomorrow feel so much better but i'm
gonna go start the show
eat a bagel drink some orange drank
orange juice actually I just needed to
get warmer so I can jump back into the
ocean man as soon as i can start boogie
board and again i think i'll be much
happier it's the little things
breasteses in magic without the douche
bag that's like birthday cake covered in
hot lesbians wrestling and sprinkles cuz
everything's better with sprinkles
