oh hey one do this video outside Janet
yeah not gonna work let's go inside i
want to talk now i want to preface a lot
of what I'm about to say because I don't
want it to be considered hateful because
and no is it is it hateful it's just my
thoughts and I know that it can be
perceived as very hateful especially on
the Internet where there are huge
communities where people think it's cool
to bash religion and all those beliefs
and all those people are fucking stupid
no it's um it's more of just me talking
about what I think so this weekend was
interesting um I really don't do
anything for easter I don't live near my
parents or anything anymore and you know
as I was raised Catholic you know it was
always like our religion religion
religion I don't know so I decided to
have a little fun and I was you know
trying to go to the camera store over
the weekends and I send out the street I
was a grown man the camera store being
closed on Easter's as ridiculous as the
story and 00 some of the Christians
crawled out of their whole no oh whoa
don't you talk about Jesus of course I
was referring to the fact that it's this
religious story and we celebrate it with
bunnies and stuff but then I was like oh
wait let's let's mess with some people
because while i do believe in a god or a
higher power I don't believe in religion
but I make one of my favorite things is
to poke and prod um the sum of the
religious sheet now all religious people
aren't cheap I'm talking about the
people that like they hear that you
don't believe no well yeah I my face
about this so you have to have fun with
them same thing when I find a hardcore
atheist after like make the religious
argument cuz it's so fun and if you're
wondering if I'm an atheist or I'm
Christian or whatever I'm undecided
which is a lot different than an
agnostic because as agnostics are lazy
mine is a tactic that I'm not going to
care until you know you're supposed to
care which is of course when you go to
prison you kill someone or you do
something wrong you find God cuz that's
where Jesus is or God is or you know
you're dying and then you're like oh I
believe I'm gonna go that route it's all
part of my 70 year plan but so I go
further I keep joking about and I keep
joking about it and you know it's it's
nothing heat full it's just these these
pokes and prods you can actually check
my Twitter although the stuff still
there and you get these these people
that just hate on you doing ah and then
he gets people like hahahaha but I mean
easter is kind of a silly thing you know
i mean
it's like oh and then he resurrected and
no one definitely touched the giant
boulder blocking the cave all I'm saying
is there was there was no CSI back then
there was none like there was they were
like oh well I guess I guess he
disappeared one of the things of course
that bothers me with religion is when
it's used to hold people down like when
a lot of the money to go against gay
people getting married in California was
from Mormons and I think it was Joe
Rogan who said it that you know that he
thinks that Mormons are so terrified of
the gay agenda because you know they
believe in a story that's crazy like you
have Mormons that have literally
converted because some kids on ten
speeds knocked on their door and the
relax would you like to hear something
and that's when he looked at the gold
plates in the Hat and that person was
like well that makes sense if you could
be talked into that if a gay person
walked up you and they were like oh wait
Joseph Smith got some of the stuff wrong
when he was looking at the place he
misread it one that whole thing about
Indians not true and two you're supposed
to put your penis and another dudes but
that's the word of the Lord because if
you believe those kids on the tennspeed
someone came up to you dress and nice
clothes and those gays dress nice you'd
be like well that sounds like a right
thing let's go do that I know a lot of
people probably get the wrong idea with
with this conversation but I don't hate
or try and disrespect the people for
believing in a certain thing I love you
either way but your belief itself if
it's funny to me or it doesn't make
sense or things don't add up I will
laugh at it but I'm not gonna laugh at
you for it because you know I understand
why religions there you want to know
that there's a way to win the game I'm
not going to believe one thing because i
think it's the safe event you know it's
not a roulette table that you know if i
don't believe in god and i put i put it
all on black and if it doesn't turn out
to be black I still lose but that lands
on red not betting on red eternal
happiness but if I put it on red and
there is no God then I still lose I get
that and I'm not trying to be a
pessimist about it I hope there is a
game to win on the other hand when you
say that you do not believe in God
automatically lose something you lose
your hardcore christian audience you
lose the ability to ever become
president who's a lot and you know a lot
of it isn't is it's not like okay I need
to see it and feel it to believe it no
I'm you know I know I can't touch a star
but I believe that it's there and I
believe that it's made of what we think
it's made of and I
no that we can't understand a lot of a
lot of things out there and I'm
completely open to being entirely wrong
that is wish people kind of like Carlin
said would have ideas and not beliefs
mainly because an idea can change but a
belief is so embedded and you know what
if you want the comments or the the
video description let me know what you
think and try guys to not be hateful to
each other because when everyone's
calling the other one is stupid asshole
everyone's a stupid asshole I go film
the show because all of a sudden I feeds
like a bunch of people like with an
earthquake no it was just the ground
fucking moving that happened times time
was an earthquake it was just the ground
moving in an earthquake ish kind of way
