you need like to hang things right I
agree yeah I guess I'll do your job for
you good but mail fill the mail the
people brought the skittles in the mail
talk to you with chem signs hand signs
and skittles you can write out your
messages and skittles filled skittles
candies speaking of candy fill we're
gonna decorate this fucking Halloween
month I want that of you how people
celebrate oh shit it's Halloween much
you know there is one person that
celebrates like that my accountant
Michael vine stop it's the only thing he
cares about this one where he cares
about his family this is Halloween oh
wow and he loves his family well he's
gonna show the kids how to have a good
time right he said kids love goodnight
there you go oh you probably did you
have kids right
my name is Joe I've never been on board
for Halloween really yeah never been on
board Amanda I imagine it's all about my
favorite mewtwo I've been playing my
costume it is a day for people that
don't like being themselves yeah my big
accomplishment with Halloween is not
being weirded out by answering the door
for children I literally would not do it
until last year other people's kids
freaked me out but now that I have my
own he interacts with a kid and the
other kids then yeah because I'm Trey's
dad like I traced it I'm like oh how you
guys are cool this isn't weird
oh yeah well maybe we'll do a little
chicken shooting in the office at the
end of the month you know I'm gonna be
cool we're gonna decorate today yeah
decorate today then we can do some
trick-or-treating porno Hilary's
probably like over the moon Oh see those
Halloween no she go I mean I think she
just likes decorating things okay yeah
well maybe we'll do that the Halloween
door decorating sometime this month you
know the dance was the winning room get
also that's not really fair because
there's like so many people here
including a graphic designer
like two three - Ryan - do it you know
we could do is that whoever wins the
design you can make it into a shirt I'd
be pretty cool
yeah the door design have you seen how
people draw in this office including you
oh yeah I think that that's gonna be a
great idea Phil we can then we can yeah
we can make some money off that shirt
that's what your face attached to the
dough camp and it's just go facing you
it doesn't believe half the shit he says
to us on camera just to know that and
this stays in the only thing he's ever
actually definitively definitively
agreed with is that pre-cum is a
conspiracy
it is I would have bought that condom
stock right when they announced that
shit man sold that shit buy low sell
high
literally all right so we're gonna go
decorate the fucking office for you I
guess I'll do anything about that
there we go I'm shooting Brianna
apparently contact which is degraded to
someone all day with no pants on I can
do what I want today anything that gives
you a less of a reason no did you tell
people it wasn't natural pants damn that
you just made it up so no I didn't until
I made it up every day is kind of a no
pants that was only you wear the rest of
your life Nick grew with you according
to the Bible which is a very truthful
book story accurate and Eve's a whole
thing and she didn't eat the Apple then
you know we won't be ashamed of her body
so we technically will be walking around
naked right am i right no I'm just
blaming your blood
maybe I am blending meeting know where
in the bible does it say this bitch
forced a motherfucker to eat it's just
like she gave him the Apple and he ate
it
yes sir oh wait so you're saying that
he's responsible to know it came from
their bodies anyone Halloween what do
you mean for what Halloween decoration I
borrowed a like why are we decorating
the office so it's festive and it's just
for the just bride you see Zacks
offended do you celebrate Halloween my
god doesn't see do you celebrate
Halloween see she might be offended by
yeah
you're gonna be that pair that doesn't
like you could read Harry Potter because
she wants the front of the back party
said he did which bits oh my god I think
he needs a divorce Jesse yeah that's my
girl
you drag this average so what's your
plan I told you I had no plan it was
just like oh yes improvise yeah I'm just
improvising it that's a dead puppy I
just see if the dead puppies are made in
China made chain I want to fuck with
people we should fuck with people just
start bleeding out of my mouth for no
reason while I'm talking to Phil I'm
just like not address it I have a
dentist appointment okay so we came all
the way here there's all this cool shit
and we got listen isn't blood mouth
blood and a bunch of cotton I can't read
this looks like this belong to a giant
on earth the Bears get spa
administration what's up forget this
recorder look at this it's just a
skeleton you put like on the glass some
stills room should we get this and
decorate it as Jake pause oh no I
thought there was actual sweatsuit but
uh no it was just a bunch of costume
stuff oh that's good you hold the
balloon on a stick was this gonna be me
for Halloween
she is happy we got all the stuff okay
work first okay fun get responsible
yeah yes you ready yet come on when are
we decorating not decorating do you know
what I'm trying to fight we're trying to
get your ball pit up well make sure that
none of my tabs have porn we're having
issues right
we are having some Syrian Eve to
announce the issues where the issues
pulpits are like super expensive like if
we buy it then like what are we gonna do
with all balls oh yeah and I don't like
wasting and then renting it is my grand
yeah a lot we might have to come up with
that plan my article with no plan I'm
trying to salvage as much as humanly
possible which is why we're not
decorating right now yes sassy pants
well I think we need to go decorate cuz
this is what this vlogs about I already
told Phil oh we're gonna be decorating
today so you decorate okay well they
exactly
yeah everything's fine
this is how it normally looks what is
that thinks it's a screamer and a
screamer see the white it screams put in
the bathroom
what pride 408 you didn't push it at
this movie
now your plastic
where you think about all the decoration
I'm sorry so Phil he left like a while
ago really so we did all this all right
we didn't do all of it Brian did you
know the fill up you still here Oh Brian
Oh mess me up
I'll miss you are you in a meeting right
now okay yeah you guys don't get to see
his reaction tomorrow I do I'm pissed
well maybe if you showed up a little
fucking earlier work it to me get in
early
I know that you get in like right after
you mean hour and a half yeah yeah but
you can we like blindfold them until he
comes in the line fold him like until
you get here at 8:30 in the morning
yeah so keep me blindfolded from 7:00
a.m. to 8:30 in the morning this is
blindfold them until the big reveal I
could text him who may be coming a
little later I think which is flying a
blindfold okay cool
oh my god I'm not kidding I was one year
for whole slutty yeah yeah the Queen of
Hearts high school senior year
