hey I look we're a little a little
retarded oh hey so I thought I'd do a
little ScreenFlow for you because I'm a
lot of people are very confused about
the new YouTube layout I hate change
changes the devil yes I know but you
have to deal with it because this is in
facebook YouTube's not going to folds
over and do whatever their users want
because they don't give a shit so I mean
what I didn't say that ok so a lot of
people let's uh let's jump into the go
from top to bottom top to bottom no home
button oh god now I have to click
youtube I have to hit the YouTube logo
oh and now YouTube doesn't work let's do
this again let's let's take it a second
time to try number two of course you
have the YouTube home button right it's
just the YouTube logo click the logo
brings you back to your homepage then of
course next to that you have the search
same thing as usual usual you type in
something educational like booty clap
booty clap video is fantastic i love
booty clap videos then browse that is
the new video button click browse brings
you the most popular most viewed HD and
all those things YouTube hid because
they didn't want you to have any control
on what is popular then of course you
can click upload that is on how you get
videos on the website when the uploader
works from time to time and then of
course you let me go to your account
where you have my channel subscriptions
my videos and box account favorites in
box of courses where you also get like
friend request will just click into it
friend request friend invites video
responses blah blah blah all the things
where people are like i'ma b-o friend
you're like okay I guess we can be
friends so let's click back to x 3 x 5 x
ok back to the video so you have video
title that's amazing now here here you
have the username and if you are a
partner you can get a logo here I think
it's 70 pixels by something and if your
partner you'll be able to see and that
just takes people out and you two broke
again yeah that usually takes people to
your channel page but since that's not
working weird is going to go back okay
so back on this page on this person has
148 videos oh they have nothing to do in
their lives may be there other videos
are good so you can click this now and
it will load up all the latest videos
and you can actually go through all
their videos and buy all their videos I
mean 44 pages of their videos but really
you should just subscribe to their
channel if you're going to watch
many videos so you do that you click it
it takes you to do that video and you're
perfect ah I hate that person's voice
anyway so something interesting now is
when you subscribe to someone you now
have multiple options and if you're
already subscribed to someone you can
edit that subscription so you click edit
subscription now you have the option to
unsubscribe from philip defranco I
wouldn't blame you subscribe to only
videos uploaded by philip defranco or
this new option where you can subscribe
to all the videos uploaded it rated
favorited and commented by philip
defranco now i right now I definitely
recommend against this I of course I
want you to enjoy the video as I enjoy
but do not do this currently because
there is a problem with subscriptions
I'll show you right now you go back to
YouTube main page ok so here are a bunch
of videos now YouTube made it so you can
click this little X button to remove the
videos that no longer works does not
work even sometimes when you watch a
video it doesn't work so if I don't want
to watch any of these videos well
fucking tough luck I just have to wait
for people to upload new videos so I get
to have this set of 3 num nail
thumbnails of this chick that looks like
she wants to deepthroat kassem g which i
heard is pretty easy and you know that's
fine but i can text out of the video if
i don't want to watch it so a lot of
people have been getting spammed by
accounts that upload a shit ton of
videos like machinima love those guys
but they produce like a hundred videos a
day and they take over people's boxes so
currently i would recommend just only
subscribe to the video is uploaded but
that's just me because that's convenient
so anyway back to this video we go
further down you might not be familiar
with a new player so you can come down
here you can watch it in higher quality
i would recommend only going up to 480
because 720 lags especially in firefox
you should probably download google
chrome this makes the the window bigger
go back to smaller this is full screen
then captions are pretty fun because
they're always wrong and then you can
turn annotations off to the right of
course you have the add the promoted
video which is essentially another ad
and then usually have three to four
videos from the user so you have this
this
this this all from the same user and
then it's just a bunch of semi related
stuff so don't worry youtubers you can
still game your your way into people's
sidebars by spamming tags yay okay now
we go below the video so there's no
sidebar anymore you have an underbar e
there's all the text you see oh that
he's saying something maybe i should
click you don't have to click more info
anymore you can just click anywhere in
there it opens it up now you see all the
texts the tags fantastic then of course
you can click the views because for some
reason you're interested in who's
watching this how many favorites blah
Blee blah blah blah and that's fantastic
to you you have all that information I
used to be easily available but now you
have to click a button then of course oh
my god the biggest problem in the
world's there's no stars I don't know
how I'm going to live with myself this
has been replaced by the like and the
dislike now what I've heard is that if
you hit the like button it will help you
tube work especially if you do it on
sxephil and Philip DeFranco videos even
sometimes like totally awesome videos
i'm not sure how true that is but so you
click like yay and then you can see how
many other people liked it how many
other people disliked it and you can
even check videos that you might like as
well I don't know how good that is but
we'll see or you can just like it
because Phil's videos suck now there is
no favorite button anymore you have to
click Save to it has to load up a bar
then you can click favorites or save it
to a playlist and then of course you can
share it any of any of these ways but
most the time the way you're going to
share is just to take the URL and post
it on your Twitter your Facebook
whatever and then of course there's in
bed and flag you never want to hit this
button it's a terrible button but that
brings us to another fun thing boys and
girls the new comments oh boy this is a
fun one so as you can see there is no
video response button that's because you
have to click into the text response to
now attach a video response that is
stupid it's very stupid and I hope they
fix it but you can leave a response
worst video ever I hope you die okay
some comment maybe something that you
would put on a video of the person that
is possibly a minority or different in
some way to you just the way you're
supposed to do it and then of course I
don't even know what just happened in
the comments now there's this new weird
hierarchy to the comments and i'm going
to show you on a different page so we're
gonna go to another window
my main channel yay so the comments are
a little weird because it'll have what
is this video in response to shuttle so
it'll show that video in a new way that
takes up more room so you have that and
then you have highest rated comment so
if you say something funny or something
a lot of people agree with they like you
your comment will show up above everyone
else is then of course there the video
responses which now it only show is one
at a time and to see all of them you
have to click see all which takes you
off the video page and into this this
random random random random page and
then of course you get most recent
comments now of course on if you want to
see all comments well that's a shame
because you can click see all and that
will take you to the latest 500 comments
and you're like okay blabbity blah blah
blah I wonder what the other comments
are you click to well that's gonna be a
problem for you because nothing's going
to show up you get 10 new comments so
there's still a comment glitch so yay
interactivity that's essentially most of
it but something that I really really
like it it's one of the few things that
I really like is the next in series tab
but essentially on my channel I wanted
to make a series where people could just
watch the latest four videos on my
channel so what I did is I went to my
channel I went to my videos i selected
like the last four videos this this this
so you check those boxes and then you
click add to playlist and then you
select the playlist so whenever anyone
goes on to those videos they're going to
see next in series so they go to this
video and they see there are other
things so you can either click to it
which is it's a good way to do it or you
can click autoplay that is a plane and
when you get to the end of the video
three two one it'll auto a load into the
next page and that'll pop up all the
time unless you are watching your
subscription so if I'm watching my buddy
Charles Trippy and I have autoplay on
it'll show next and subscriptions
regardless of if it's in a series oh
yeah here's pre-rolls Bob won't you work
and of course the channel page is
exactly the same except for the fact
that you can't five-star anything and so
mr. Brian Glick maybe you should get on
that I don't know because I would like
to be able to like videos but Mike
and currently so thanks as I hope that
was a brief and straightforward run down
as we trek through the new YouTube
wilderness that makes no sense hope you
have a good day
