hello interwebs my name is Julia and I
live in doha qatar JK well i do live in
qatar in the Middle East really small
but I'm actually Canadian and I'm not
Muslim that raises put the whole thing
yeah most random you are ever so I'm
about to get my car for the first time
in probably two weeks gonna head out and
get some viewer mail and some breakfast
and then hop back do a show but first
things first y'all I saw a lot of
comments or like Phil why you wearing
those beats around your neck huh you a
douche bag yes a little bit I hate
headphones like wrap around your ear and
then the gut in your ear not a big fan
no this is not a product placement I
would actually recommend 0 people buy
these beats by dr. dre no they're
probably the most overpriced things on
the planet the only reason I even have
them as someone bought them for me as a
present but seeing as my puppies destroy
anything with wires they get their hands
on this is really all I have so yay that
being said the music's great let's go
dizzy now I'm the only gas chemo I'm the
only one I know on the Oleg eskimo a
mantra so I'm outside via the UPS store
um I need to mail a letter and they
don't open up till nine and second thing
I rub my nose because uh sorry I was
trying to think of a reason that didn't
involve cocaine I don't know I just have
a very itchy nose but um we did a little
more of whatever you can do I can do
better last night and I decided that
we're going to do a series of Asian
poses so I thought to myself who would
be up to do this at midnight who
apparently a lot of people and that's
why I give you the montage of hand
pigtails
oh and love its and we're gonna do a new
pose today I'm not gonna show you the
pose in this video you have to click on
the link in the description and do it
maybe we'll give like the the best five
poses like those little key chains or
whatever they are the little things but
anyway I'm glad that a lot of you guys
like the other chat we had yesterday at
the on the beach it's sometimes good to
think about you know how our decisions
affect us like my decision in high
school to not pay attention so now I'm
confused about what I'm supposed to use
effect or affect guys if YouTube looks
different to you at some point while
you're watching this video you're
probably on the new design and I'll talk
about that in today's philip defranco
show so always stay to the end of every
video I do because it always links to
whatever other new video I did that day
or links you to the archive where you
can watch all the videos I've ever made
fun times I want to side note because a
lot of people have been asking about
like totally awesome be posted some
videos but they kept glitching and they
weren't going out to anybody zero people
so we're like okay we're gonna hold off
our videos have really only been going
out to like half my audience so I'm
really surprised we're still getting any
views whatsoever I almost feel like
lucky that like all these problems have
happened because it made me realize you
know it is about connections I know it's
fun again I'm kind of happy these lugs
make people look into themselves I think
one of the biggest things have to decide
is something like along the lines of
what kind of schedule am I going to have
you know the philip defranco shows
monday to thursday so four days a week
and a vlog ADIZ monday to friday so the
vlog ADIZ should it be like lass should
be seven days a week should i do less
philip defranco shows more but what's
fun is it's the Internet's not gonna get
fired tomorrow because what I lack in
job security I make up for in lack of
job security so I'm just I'm just
noticing my the difference in my lip
sizes right now this is what happens
when you look at a camera all day you're
like hmm so that's my imperfection hmm I
have a lot of them random side note I
knew this girl in high school to make
her lips big and pouty she would eat
chicken because apparently she had never
heard of lip gloss and then she would
smack her lips like that kind of smack
anyway I'm gonna I'm gonna go in I think
they're about to open and we're doing
more viewer mail
Friday so if you want to get it on the
show well um probably won't be in this
friday probably an x-ray but you know
now whatever it's only the only thing
keeping me alive I'm joking but I like
it it is kind of terrifying I'm just
saying if you are a female in Canada you
are more likely to wake up and eat
grapes then go to the store and win a
scratch up as it does a bad statistic
