so the best answer to yesterday's
question what's the best theme park to
go to answer santa's village because all
the rides are either broken or make you
puke repetitively user yuck you 766
oh that's a little random let's uh let's
like you the show from here oh there we
go nice chair nice random share on the
beach so today's thing isn't art its
actually um I went to the post office
today and I just dropped off a check for
my ex and I know today is kind of a
closing the door on the past sort of
thing way back in the day four years ago
I i was a college student trying to make
my way through life been dating this
girl for a year and a half thought she
was the the one you know because she was
my first one and it was it was a little
weird relationship you know it's it's
that um it's that first where you're
like everything is the most amazing
thing in the world and then you just
realize oh this is just the way things
feel and so throughout the relationship
we end up moving together we're going to
the the same college together and the
last four months of the relationship I
hate this girl so then I finally break
up with her and I for some reason on the
one that's uh that's more broken up over
it but you know I I realized that I had
our money because I used to sell stuff
on eBay a use for paypal account one
thing broke and then I can't pay it
because I was super super broke back
then you know is working like two jobs
but you know and so that we broke up and
it was pretty broken up about it and so
I ended up like staying in my house for
like months and months and actually you
know the only connection I really had
with the world what's youtube I was just
like I don't want to go outside we have
a lot of the same friends it's gonna be
awkward so I kind of became this like
shut-in for a while eventually I got
over it eventually i left greenville
north carolina and i ended up going to
school somewhere else you know then i
started focusing on youtube you know my
my family hated it but you know just
like i love youtube this is it this is
what i love for but it's funny because
it's one of those things where you know
it's a terrible thing that led to a good
thing I don't know for you but that's
been the case most of my life like when
I when I did lose weight and I got
better is because people use call me fat
in high school and then I feel like the
reason I achieve certain things because
a lot of people are like no you're never
gonna do anything sorry this is looking
all over the place story so that
terrible thing happened a few other
terrible things happen and it pushed me
it pushed me to do something and so when
I found out that I was oh shit i still
owe you money oh my god i just sent the
check today and
you know I was thinking wow thank you
for hurting me because honestly if
people didn't hurt you were bad things
didn't happen you would probably be a
fuckup because he'd never be forced to
change and sometimes people need to be
forced to change and so I think this
girl who had you know messed with my
mind for so long because if she hadn't
I'd probably still be in North Carolina
with a job that I hate and pains kind of
how you grow up I look healthy people
healthy people and another crazy thing
is to kind of think of that butterfly
effect a lot of people think of the
butterfly effect like if you go back
into the past but just just think of it
now I think about my buddy Shay I think
if I never promoted him you know we
would have never become friends and you
know his life may have taken a
completely different turn same thing
with my buddy Tony you know he did 2009
a true story and it wasn't really
getting views I promoted it it got
featured and then he got millions of
views and somehow down the road became
friends and we're working together one
action makes a completely different
outcome two years from now and then 10
years from now I can't even imagine and
it's not like just like people I helped
you know people that have helped me what
if they didn't do it it's not a case of
what if so I don't want you to think of
that what do you think of like your
decisions that you do now so if you get
anything out of this it's one random
chairs on the beach are awesome too art
is awesome and three with time and drive
you can really overcome anything I'm not
trying to be motivational I'm just
saying what I've seen I don't really
have a question today I hope you have a
good one and if you do want to film
something send it as a video response to
this but say hello Internet I'm insert
name here from insert place here and do
it once in English and if you know
another language do it in that language
and send it as a video response I just
think it'd be cool to see the DeFranco
nation or the internet and maybe that'll
be the intro for ethel defranco show but
I my stuff filming cuz I feel bad
because Tony's gonna have to edit 13
minutes of footage a lot of people are
pushing for full body scan so we can see
this but a whole body scans not gonna
recognize that leave it if it recognizes
employ
going to do stop everyone from Los
Angeles from flying anywhere or at least
ten possible suspects in my building
