see best comments from the last videos
question who's your favorite person
online to watch and it can't be a
blogger answer my favorite videos are
the ones with a sexy thumbnail but when
you click on it turns out to be some fat
guy user j clin
what is that baka on my back yeah there
oh this chaos one should not blog in a
crowd of people this is a terrible idea
Joe talk okay I can't do it Jeffrey over
already oh boy i'm gonna build to bring
a blog oh so we are we are at disneyland
we finally have gone we came from
California something and really
shouldn't be doing this here but uh it's
been awesome we got some really cool
footage or pictures from a roller
coaster I'll show you that now
they're playing some awesome games
called ninja ya ah he's was playing some
game called ninja aisles at Disneyland
was a blasters because I got to hang out
with so many somebody else people that
had some that I haven't seen in a long
time some it was just cool to hang out
at disneyland's and of course we got to
Disneyland thanks to a Ryan Seacrest you
know my god do you think because my
buddy Charles Trippy is always going to
uh to these uh these amusement parks and
he's going on these rides and stuff but
what is the best theme park out there
because i don't know i'm a kind of
thinking Busch Gardens has been my
favorite but I'm not sure let me let me
know and maybe maybe we can go to some
but I let me know in the comments and
haha my mom's not a ride anymore she's
been broken for three years think you're
so funny there's yeah it's a it's pretty
fun and it's actually it's a it's pretty
cheap too pretty nice kayaking around
all these boats on ever be able to even
pay part of its who know she's gonna hit
you know so kayaking was fun you know it
was it was a lot lot harder than I
thought it was gonna be like I was like
okay physical stuff hard for me no
matter what and I'm just but it was it
was fun it was worth it was gorgeous you
know I've been in California now for
like six months or so and I first time I
was like oh kayaks because I didn't I
and still no I haven't thought about it
was my girlfriend's idea but definitely
recommend it it was like ten bucks an
hour it was awesome I got my first
professional massage ever and no not by
a little asian girl even though on
Twitter everyone was
a little little rub and tug right who
who pays for that that's kind of
disgusting half my audience with like
yeah yeah massage is equal paying for
sex but it was by this very nice
gentleman and he was blind which was
kind of cool because it felt like
magical I was like this is the only way
he talks no he can he can speak that's
that's not blind people fill oh yeah he
was amazing he made me feel fantastic
for six hours and then my body was luck
you feel a little bit you should do this
on regular basis so I don't know still
up in the air I feel like if I go get
massages every week that kind of makes
me a douche bag but a douche bag with
less back problems but I might go and
I'm gonna go commit hate crimes on Tony
because he's not white why don't you
have respect for my pretend relationship
and only exists in my brain with Katy
Perry that's right kitty very good stuff
Lynch much breslin's birthday party
started making faces towards elephant
trunks cuz they kind of look like
penises in any way
