the best answer to yesterday's question
what is something you love or hate about
all the changes youtube has doing best
answer youtube has a new layouts user
Dom rocks that's how you guys have a
one-way conversation about paper
actually much matter much better well
there you go sorry I wasn't paying
attention what were you guys doing
so um we just we just got out of the
twestival and I understands oh my god I
hate I hate that my whole thing on the
internet sometimes is like speaking what
I feel because most of the time it's a
bad idea like because most people have
have a filter for the problem is I lack
of filter and I have an admiration not
an admiration an addiction to talking to
the camera so so we go there and the
twestival is it's for charity that's the
main idea but at the same time it's the
second idea is that you're going to
network and you're going to become a
giant thing on the internet and you know
I have friends right that work that
crowd but it is it is such a scene it's
it's it's the the terribleness I'm just
trying to think I can't even I can't
even think of an analogy quick enough to
to describe the the douche factor i
can't i don't i don't know if everyone's
just working everyone and smiling and
shaking hands and passing out cards and
i know i understand thats networking but
there's there's a point where you're
like okay I understand the gel and
erstand the fake spray tan the big smile
saying a under your breath so that you
have that big thing but it's like holy
shit everybody
what's your name Lauren why are you from
awesome do just go down passing out ice
cream pretty much Tyrell style of course
everybody loves ice cream can't say no
strawberry shortcake IL all ice cream
sandwiches are always like 10 years old
amazing they make you happy who's a
guitar signed by we got Bret Michaels
right here got Jacoby Papa Roach keep
cranking one
what
that way I can justify it oh snap so
after we went to the twestival thing we
went to this restaurant called contra
because everyone was like oh you gotta
try catch you gotta throw a catch so we
went there we got lucky because someone
had canceled the reservation and we got
like the last table and they were super
nice I was hanging out with friends and
then Olga asked me off-camera whoa if
you don't like the people at the
twestival thing why'd you go when I was
like well because I wanted to see my
friends and I also kind of wanted to see
who these people were claiming like they
were the web people of LA and I just
wanted to see who it was because the web
is is this beautiful thing to me that
this place for expression and it's it's
you know it's bastard I same way I feel
like record companies bastardized music
but um you know there are a few tubers
and a few online people out there that I
get it and there is one cool person that
I met last night that I couldn't even
have a full conversation with because I
was like what YouTube channel what video
what because Linda music's playing solo
so you're just like yeah no I think I
saw that one probably on the phone I was
in the bathroom but it was actually uh
do I have him up yes Julian Smith TV
hilarious i was wondering why his face
looks unfamiliar he did a facebook video
but yeah it's like 90 videos and they're
a bunch of them are good but i guess
that is your question people who is your
favorite person to watch and you know
what I'm gonna say bloggers can't count
sorry like they they produce a show
that's not like a blog that's the only
stipulation and they don't have to be on
YouTube but i'm getting ready because
we're going to do today's battle verse
boredom and it will be melzer riffic i
will see you next time love you long
time buy stuff
