so the best answer to yesterday's
question what sport do you want to see
me organize and do with people in the
Los Angeles area best answer haha yes I
want to see film the gang LARPing it up
user cowpox up oh hello um so I'm just
about to film the other philip defranco
showing and then I realized oh my god I
don't have any footage for the vlogging
and then I was like okay you know what
I'll do is I'll talk about something
that is a pressing issue but I don't
want to talk about in the Phil DeFranco
show so today I want to talk about
YouTube of course as you know I love
YouTube it but at the same time anyone
that loves YouTube also hates it because
it's a it's a thing that makes
everything possible but does not work
half the time and yesterday or today
YouTube apologized they were like our
engineers are working on fixing the site
because it crashed really two or three
hours yesterday and a lot of youtubers
like people that make videos on a
regular basis we're like yeah no shit
it doesn't work right now you can only
we'll read the latest 500 comments and
of course there is um when I upload a
video it takes three hours to show up in
people's inboxes or there was when it
wasn't even showing up at all you
wouldn't go to a video it says like
you've already rated this video even
though you had not oh there is of course
when they were they were slamming my
videos with like 30 second pre-rolls
when I had those turned off and what
they don't seem to realize is that yes I
understand pressing forward but when the
site that you have now is not working
properly it's kind of a silly thing to
this make make it work it's so easy to
say that because you know I have no idea
how you how you code a site as big as
YouTube but when when when I call every
day because something is broken and
they're like oh really we weren't aware
of that issue you're like really you
weren't aware that's but the HD page has
been locked for two months you didn't
realize that once again you can only
complain so much
it's not like I'm leaving YouTube
anytime soon because YouTube's like a
dad that just like means well you know
he works all the time but he doesn't
really pay attention
and he's like oh I'm sorry that I missed
your baseball game you're like I know
you mean wild I know he mean well and
you work and so you can pay the bills
but you know I'd like it if possibly the
roof did not leak directly on my face
when I tried to sleep even advertising
experiences where you know something's
like popping up in your face and me as
soon as the video starts and then it
stays there you have to click off and
then you're like there's like an ad next
to my video that's like don't know math
and it's like super animated the entire
time while I'm just like trying to talk
and I understand that at the end of the
day you know everyone has ideas of what
would make their experience amazing and
they need to think of the lowest common
denominator it's still it's still bitch
I think YouTube is online video and I
think it's going to be there the future
of online video as well it's just that
when I'm shooting emails to them and I'm
like hey could you make something work
and they're like yes but also just so
you know that thumbnail with with the
with the breasts we're not cool with
that so yeah I'm just like but your job
is to engineer stuff like like you're
like a monkey with the wrench you need
to fix stuff why are you getting
distracted and this is just rambling but
I feel good
a lot of the problems are from like 30%
of people being on the new design and
70% of people being on the old design
it's just like just switch everyone but
I just I just want things to work and
I'm just I'm just saying this now
because I know that if I relied 100% on
YouTube ad revenue and the site really
hasn't worked properly since December I
would be like flipping my shit is there
a lot of youtubers out there that rely
100% on this and the other reason I
don't is I've been around for three
years and I realized like you know I
should not put all my eggs in a basket
that is like being held by an inebriated
mentally handicapped man holding it up
with a broom it's not a good thing come
on let's have a chat you and I what do
you love what do you hate about what's
going on with YouTube right now I'll try
and read through them all except for the
fact that view all comments is broken
but guys I'm gonna hop out make a show
