it's the best response to yesterday's
question when was the first time you
were proud of someone in your family
best answer I felt her the crowd of my
65 year old dad when he said to me he
was teaching a 70 year old friend how to
use a computer user he ever encountered
oh it's wednesday hump day so we decided
that we were going to go to belly dance
which was it was fantastic and by
fantastic i mean probably one of the
most awkward experiences because it was
like hey would you like to do something
very emasculating that shows off in fact
how fat you are in front of your friends
and an attractive woman you've never met
before yes I would sir count me in um so
surprisingly this battle vers boredom
video is not my punishment I was like
this is a great idea that I was like oh
wait but I'm gonna be doing it too so if
you guys remember when we went to the my
house club and we were kicked out we
showed that clip the belly dancer she
noticed herself in the video she's like
oh it's crazy bill is there she doesn't
talk like that as you'll see in a second
and we were like hey let's belly dance
boom um my name is sherry my company is
cherchez La Femme belly ants which is
actually a nickname that my dad gave me
as a little girl I got into belly dance
about this specific style of belly dance
about ten years ago I was living in San
Diego and I saw a company perform and I
just was absolutely you know it was that
moment of Epiphany where I was like I'm
really indecisive person but I have to
do that I said that Phil get the
fanciest of the Shandy which field
itself I'm so terrified real men wear
hipsters oh this is elijah this is his
story oh oh oh good dad alright people
say that's a couple times where they'll
make a comment like I don't know whether
to be scared or feel seduced by what
she's doing right yes but I think for
joining we can open up yeah Tony's got a
slimmer way yeah no no no no good and
just books on the rotation in the
shoulder naturally
we have some fun at the belly dancing
studio or as i like to call it the place
that girl's do sexy things and it
inspired me to either lose weight or to
hire belly dancers all the time so even
though tony is gonna edit this you have
to put some of you in yeah yep and so we
did that I know it was fun you know it
was it was weird i felt muscles that I'd
never felt before but they were just
like they're like tingling they're like
oh what we've been asleep for 24 years
what do you want yeah I mean growing up
I mean I uh I literally I signed up for
football and I broke my my left arm in
the first game of the season and I was
on JV you know as I was a freshman and
they felt like my armors and be fucked
up cuz i broke my growth phone and then
i was like well i guess i guess we're
not doing anything physical ever again
I've never been really talented in
sports but like all my really awesome
memories from my childhood are like me
doing physical things I think it's
because it's like it's one of those
things that I never do like I would join
sports if like it was like a normal
thing for dudes my age you like join
dodgeball league's let me like yes yes I
plan but i'ma leave you with a question
what sport do you want to see a CS
organized and do with people in the Los
Angeles area because I've been kind of
thinking about setting up like an LA
meet up but at the same time it's more
than a meet-up like it's just like this
giant game of paintball or something
something it's there but uh what do you
think would be fun to see or if you're
in a li area to do I thinks gonna happen
is gonna be a blast but um I'm gonna go
eat something so I feel less sad about
my fatness the cycle continues
