the best answer to monday's question
what do you do on the weekends to feel
better about your miserable miserable
life best answer one get drunk to cry
man tears three apologize to the liver
the next day and for rinse and repeat
user serif 02 hey good morning huh oh
hello oh wait let's check out the
baggage oh yeah that's good it's like
old lady eyeshadow or horse eyeshadow or
the blue eyeshadow they put on dead
people um it is very tiring Tuesday
morning um yesterday was an interesting
day because I'm on my way to do a very
emasculating battle vs. Board amaya
ended up just chillin with the
girlfriend and talking about all the
stuff she's doing I was like a
conversation not centered about me this
is madness no this is sparta Oh be a lot
of people wonder where's Lindsay we
don't see this as watch while you talk
like that that's weird but lindsay has
been off doing her own thing Lindsay
Lindsay got a j-o-b y'all I'm not
supposed to talk about it yet because
horns like a touchy subject no um she's
into interior design it's like it's her
passion it's a it's awesome it's it
don't know it's it's it's like the first
time you know I've been in a
relationship but I was like hey the
person I'm with is doing something and
they like it and she's also got a great
ass and I think you know that's that's a
triforce of a good relationship I've
having respect for someone but it was
it's really exciting because it also
deals with a lot of stuff that I'm into
but anyway rather than rather than
talking about Lindsay this entire video
it is gonna be think about all the
people that that don't do what they
enjoy every day it's not like Oh shame
on those people like you know I have to
give props to people that you know they
go back to work
as the family needs it or like they want
to get their kids into school or you
know you gotta take some shit and hustle
and it's great and by great i mean it
sucks ball but those people are great
yeah the reason i'm so tired is after
after all the talk sweet we just we came
home because the place that we wanted to
go to closed and we ended up talking for
like four hours and we were just chillin
in bed eleven o'clock I was like okay
I'm gonna go to sleep but then things
got crazy that's another reason that i
know i'm lame is that i don't have like
a cool like yeah we went out monday and
parted and that's why I look fucking
terrible story it's like it was 11 and I
saw season two premiere on Nurse Jackie
and I was like oh shit son guess I'm
getting the first season on itunes year
what and ended up watching like nine
episodes I didn't guy they go to sleep
to like five and then I woke up at eight
and it could be a special day but today
is actually you guys are you guys gonna
be very happy with tomorrow's battle vs
boredom you might you might actually
feel bad if you get an erection I'm just
gonna say that but then of course the
way my mind works and like okay nurse
jackie kind of like the nice female
house with no that doesn't work because
house is its own thing I remember I was
having a conversation with a buddy I was
trying to remember an episode he's like
wait no well what happened in the
episode no I was like oh no it was it
was the one where like houses team
thought it was like 70 different things
and then it wasn't and then they thought
it was lupus but then it wasn't and then
they almost died like three times but
then they stayed alive and then like
house was having a conversation that was
completely irrelevant and then he was
like oh I know what it is and then he
cured it it was that one and that's kind
of like saying oh that's the house
episode with Hugh Laurie I don't know
what it is about that show I'd like it
could be the same every time and I
always enjoy it it's kind of like for me
The Simpsons if other cartoons had never
existed I'd always come home from school
and then I'd want some simpsons at five
a six o'clock in tampa florida yeah Oh
TV how you were such a part of my
childhood but not really anymore because
I'm a part of the I want it now
generation no I'm not that's a song by
The Black Eyed Peas I think I'm a part
of Generation Y why can't we have this
why but that's kind of like the only way
that I can watch shows like the only way
I can get into like new
shows I mean I'm doing this with the
nurse jackie i did it with community i
did it with big love i did it with lost
not heroes heroes i was with from the
get-go and I was like this is gonna be
awesome and then the writers strike
happened then I was like this is town oh
when I have opinions my voice goes up a
little but kind of going back to being
proud of someone it's honestly it's a
very it's a very new thing for me not
not because it's like oh I've never been
proud if anyone but like you know and in
my life I've been a fuck up for like 21
22 someone even say my entire life it
just it's really interesting to like be
completely about and for someone because
I don't I grew up an only child i grew
up with that you know number one is
first kind of mentality and it makes me
it makes me think of things like how
parent is is proud of a child like it
makes me think of children that I'm like
no what is that a good thing or a bad
thing cuz i think i would mess a baby up
not like in a bar fight but like you
know growing up I'd be bad mm I guess
that's kind of something I want to know
one was when was the first time you were
proud of someone in your family like it
completely did not benefit you in any
way like you does the first moment that
you were like good for you you did
awesome congratulations it makes me
proud to know you I feel like I'm I'm so
stupid cuz I feel like I honestly like
yesterday I was like what is this
feeling in my heart like I was fucking
screwed realizing happiness existed or I
was one of those kids in the giver and I
was like what is that it is color is the
most magnificent bang in the world's
anyway that's your question I want to
know and I'm gonna stop the video now so
that I don't sing what you need a
haircut buddy
