see best response from the Friday a
question yo fail don't bang them
prostitutes in Armani suits nah cuz the
mess with them hoes just don't
appreciate that line and user net
mccain's I love country music just for
the fact that it's like the easiest
thing to do seriously it's easier than
wrath and pop than anything because you
just go do your knee only here enemy are
near near near near near near near near
near near near near near near narrow and
the easy i think it doesn't matter if
you're double penetrating judy and then
you see oh shit you remember that you
actually had an ex-girlfriend named Judy
who was double penetrated by those two
guys that she worked with after you
broke up with her I'm joking i have to
say that because otherwise would be
slander okay so we kind of deviated from
the country at the end but country
really is it's the easiest form of music
but it's also it's also the form of
music that i love because it's so it's
so simple and it's so simple and not
just to write but it's two get into i'm
one of those people that i can't listen
to like and are proudly stand up next
you when jerk you all for change you
listen to like probably stand up
whatever that song's called and you get
goosebumps you like yeah i'm american
and then you're like wait a second I'm
gonna leave because I don't like the
health care bill I don't understand
properly Ida I heard three points about
it on TV email I'm against it that over
his boredom stuff where it were things
like went to play some laser tag in a
world where laser tag is the only form
of combat because gun stop being made
yeah it happened Philip DeFranco must
battle 12 year olds and 15 year olds
when the world's gone
laser mad directed by michael bay and
then saturday we went to a YouTube party
and actually I was like I am NOT going
to bring my camera because I'm above
that I lost my camera for a day but it
was nice because a lot of people didn't
break out the cameras it was like two
video cameras have you know a few still
shots and it was really fun I punched
Kevin Brueck in the face I hugged
shaycarl marina kissed me on the face
then we made stupid faces and we
actually did this thing that I want to
start doing in these vlogs called
anything you can do I can do better and
it's gonna be this shot right here and i
uploaded it's a dailybooth and i was
like you guys need to reenact or
replicate this image so we're gonna make
this like I'm thinking like a weekly
thing it's gonna be a weekly challenge
and then at the end of the week will
show like the best ones when we're doing
like viewer mail and stuff like that so
if you want to join this challenge and
upload an image you got to click on the
link in the sidebar you don't have to
wear the short shorts but these
gentlemen dead and it was kind of funny
but yeah just try and do it's fun fun
fun community fun you guys but it is
very nice to see a lot of a lot of faces
but i'm pretty sure i got i got shoot
super drunk and I was just I was like
harassing people like someone would come
up to me be like I have this idea for
and then I go on like this 15-minute
rant about and then Sunday we were like
okay well we need to we need to fix the
office upstairs so so yeah we found some
cheapo furniture and we arranged the
office I don't want to show it to you
yet because it's not done and I want you
to be impressed okay because what you
guys think of me matters kind of but i
wanted one eat what are your weekends
consist of this might not be the best
time to ask cuz a lot of you are on
spring break but like when when you were
going to school every day you're going
to work or whatever what do you do on
the weekends just fucking like feel
better about your miserable miserable
life and I say miserable miserable
because miserable miserable lives are
everyone's lives and it's not because
we're negative people it's just it's
human nature it's amazing because people
have the ability to be receiving head
and then at the same time go uh my
life's not the best thing in the world
no that doesn't make sense cuz heads
fantastic I've never actually had a
negative thought while receiving head
and also don't think I forgot about it
there is there is the punishment video
we just haven't found the time and by we
haven't found the time I mean I work
with people who are lazy and by lazy I
mean they're doing important things I
forgot to tell them to think of the
punishment so anyway I'm gonna go now
I'm gonna go jump to my death
