the winner of yesterday's question as
anybody ever stolen something from you
what have they stolen and how much did
it suck the best answer what idiot
breaks into a car and see the GPS and
girl scout cookies and then leaves the
cookies I like girls that wear
abercrombie and fitch because they have
low self-esteem so I've noticed so I've
noticed so today we are looking at the Z
viewer mail I had not gone in a week and
we had a bunch so I'm gonna look at the
right we're gonna little read them and
then we're gonna answer it or say hey
thank you so much i love you guys in a
super-gay way even you ladies I don't
want to do your hair if possible and but
sexy when you're asleep duquesne people
do that now they should be fun okay the
first one is from Andrea Margaret and
bomb who sent me a post card that says
things that are very very very nice my
daughters and I are huge big fans of
yours my oldest violet got to meet you
when you came to Dallas we just want to
say hi and we think you were doing like
totally awesome love you for the word
play thank you very much thank you for
being funny charming and informative
lots of love from us keep up the great
work we're hoping having a the best day
PS why don't chicken wear pants because
their pecker is on their face Oh mom
with a sense of humor how you doing am I
hit on you in front of a broken world
and in front of your daughters that
might be watching is Rena how you doing
sorry I just got creepier bloody uh why
didn't get windy all of a sudden this is
impossible to do a video outside oh shit
ah stupid wind whoo so there's a picture
of course as a vampire Robonaut see
there is me shooting with a gun and
looking like a Japanese anime character
that could possibly be in pokemon i have
a very oddly shaped gun and of course
there's there's Jarrid he's just like oh
thanks for shooting that zombie who has
no legs is he teleporting or that's
hella for easy loading I don't know
please read dare I I dare I instantly
regret daring to read this i just went
cross-eyed oh this one is from sanara
and she
ask well a lot of things and she wrote a
lot of nice things but the main question
was are you planning on having any more
gatherings you had seen where we did
gatherings in the past and they were
really cool and there were a lot of
people who came out the only thing that
we're planning right now is I believe
we're going to VidCon I'll put a link in
the sidebar the only thing is people are
paying to go so it's in the Los Angeles
area you can check out where it is but
they have me down for doing some meat
I'm gonna do a meet outside of VidCon
because not everyone has money we'll do
it outside and I'll put down more
definite on when we're gonna do it i'll
announce it on this show and philip
defranco show whenever we plan on
finally doing it then of course there's
the question of uh did you really get
your girlfriend by singing that song you
said in that video no actually I didn't
we were both drunk she started hit me
with a pillow and then we started
touching each other two and a half years
later still is messed up and happy and
Amy wrote me a very heartfelt letter
talking about our father and how he
passed away and there was one there is
one thing that stood out to me and it
was anyway I know that's a lot to tell
someone that I've never met but
sometimes it's just easier to say
exactly what you're feeling to someone
who doesn't know you don't have to say
amy is you are possibly the sweetest
person and that's good because it
negates the fact that your user name is
Headley hottie 24 because that sounds
like a name that someone dude made up to
cyber with the boys on the internet but
actually thank you very much for the
letter ok this is this is maybe my
favorite actually this is from Jordan
from Louise the aiyana jordynne and her
friends found my car while we were on
our road trip and they didn't break into
it they left me a nice note and said hey
thanks for coming down y'all
I don't know how people talking myself
they don't talk like that though how do
you so boys and girls your question
today that I wonder if you answer when I
talk about this is what was the last
time that like you received a letter
from someone that wasn't electronic it
wasn't a bill or a jury summons when was
the last time you do you still do that
cuz the last time I did it it was
probably when I was eight and I talked
to like a girl in China and then we were
lucky yeah we'll be pen pals then she
blew me off which isn't even cool cuz I
don't even show a picture so that just
means my personality suck that bad a lot
of people like Phil yeah cute con you've
got so made Street wait I want to show
you how fucking mainstream ER wait wait
let's look at the fuckin new dashboard
opposite yeah this is this is the
official corporate office of DeFranco
inc right we are sitting on a weight
bench right we have our systems here
along with our masses this is a very
important product of a breeze because
when the dog shit up here makes our life
a little better yes so we have we have
via editing iMac and then I randomly
come up here and play video games next
them all they work and then we have a
bunch of boxes you know it's hard being
so legit way the archive oh my god this
morning oh jeez I've changed so much
weight quick guys let's finish this
video so I'm getting to my Armani suits
and go bang prostitutes
oh sorry I was no I was going I was
going cross-eyed I was just like you
going with it
