it's the defranco fan blog alright so
what's going on today
you slighly this morning put a little
list in a pewter of all the things that
we promised the biggest winner from the
streamys was was joe nation who went up
11,000 followers from us like kicking to
you from the vlog we all lost as a team
but you want I'm the winner right when I
start posting don't you start posting
conspiracy things that we have promised
ways are us and you made a specific note
that we have to hold hands yeah that was
the biggest part of what we were doing
yeah ball pit Hilary's getting a
margarita machine yes she was one of the
only people that was like what about me
oh we have a beach day walking up in the
Ghost Pepper challenge and this feels
like two Friday's I think we can do a
shit ton of these on one Friday you and
I can go to Toys R Us we got the ball
pit we can do that same day margarita
machine they're gonna be a fun day at
the office I'll leave that to you and
Breanna to organize beach day can't do
it in that same video beach day we're
not gonna bring a beach here we're gonna
go to the beach go to the beach we can
watch hooking up watch hooking up eat
the ghost pepper at the same time which
is gonna be more painful for me who
knows so yeah that's the only one I
would modify we didn't hit the full
amount so we're not gonna just
livestream that on YouTube we're gonna
livestream that on to Franco Elite but
we're gonna make a video for that which
we will then upload yeah to uses so
elite gets to see and experience the
horror with us the entire time which
might be more painful if it doesn't
happen anytime soon it's Joe nations
fault and since so many of you now
follow him on Twitter let them know how
fucking angry
that's not being done right now because
Joe is the only thing getting in the way
of that yeah I Philip DeFranco and 100%
on board and giving the people what they
want
despite not hitting goals because I am a
great person I also don't know why I'm
pausing like I am
uncut does give me an unedited version
okay there could be no jump cuts pretty
good you didn't stumble at all there's
no arms or yeah it was pretty much just
let's just start winging the defranco
show that seems like a horrible idea
alright there he goes cold well we're
gonna have a good day Phil have fun yeah
miss is the opening Phil ah we shoot
everything in order everything in this
whole vlog is in order all happen in one
day today yep yep don't mind the
different outfits we always we have a
closet that we all just bills magic
closet
come on let's open it up okay boogie so
there's another dog coming buggy hey hey
buddy
don't pet my dog hey hey I know you're
not good with other doggies okay I need
you to be nice
what's your name you know I always say
that my things are done and like posters
have been packed and everything's done
but I always very to mention that Ryan
Luke have helped me with every single
thing they've helped me every single
time so I always say that everything's
done and because of things - yeah okay
I'm kidding but I need a mug to get a
mug so yeah we're gonna get a cool mug
stuff what you guys doing so - what book
is it's ready player one is about video
game yeah takes place in the future
where everyone plays in this virtual
reality world kind of like right now
right this is all fake guys we're all
just in the bubble of someone's creation
like have you guys read ready player one
yeah something I keep seeing your
responses right in about is the last
battle was like I was walking pacing
around my room just smiling was the
first time I'm tired as nerd talk what
are you doing day I was actually just
pacing around the room smiling okay I'm
Zak spill in the fridge I doing better
than Briana what's this oh I know that
we that we order this it's a sample from
t3 you think Phil you want to put your
face on it looks like you're sleeping
you'll want to put your face on your
face yeah okay cool it's actually a
really comfy pillow where is this gonna
be at least four more you doing man
look what are you filling out I don't
know I was actually kind of debating
actually doing this Oh what is this
robbery is is throwing a they're
starting like a TV show yeah but kind of
like project realize no names and you
gotta make a feature 407,000 iCal El
Mariachi feature for under seven Devon
because we have a digital camera so
we're not paying for film stuff yeah
paying for the process of kind of just
pay me for talent it's so easy to make
something now it is because everything's
just right there yeah it's just more
difficult to be successful because
everybody in the mother want to do that
yeah they can if you have a phone you
can make a film exactly
hey you never know man let's do it
together dude let's do
like the big wrinkles yeah it's a lot
easier to second time around
knock on wood tomorrow
does he understand he's a big brother oh
yeah he's mad at me okay best friend
yeah you've never had an attitude before
and now he has an attitude but I think
it's because he thinks that's the only
way he can get my attention which
sometimes it is balancing but paw Patrol
live is coming Nickelodeon show paw
patrol about these dog meant with him
that do rescues oh my god oh he wants to
play now bogie wants to play dogs get
along Phil how do you feel that's
amazing thanks though
