the best response to yesterday's
question what do you do inside when it
is raining he's from Italian stupid fag
he's not gonna read your comment loser
no one cares we were out of town in
Austin and we came home and found out
that our carbon berkovichi um yeah and
our GPS was stolen and they went through
our entire car trying to find something
else valuable but it is not anything and
they left the girl scout cookies that
were in there some really was able to
every
it's weird though they didn't is the
only car they broke into so what else is
what else has been stolen and october we
went to Spain my bike was stolen our GPS
was stolen but the door was unlocked so
they didn't like it pretty good looking
for anything so yeah people just a bit
much I don't know it's very frustrating
especially because we have to pay for it
too insurance'll cover it because it's
not over prepares to be power he is so
lazy oh I lay asleep good morning um
lindsey is doing something special well
shoot it raja raja because of the people
who've broken in I no longer have a bike
so I can't read my own bike to work oh
that was those like eight months ago
months ago and now I can't try to be
broken again tonight right smells like
way too fucking big hurry but it's
healthy death a Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada
Dada Dada Dada Dada not you cheer anyway
I would but I never go anywhere and I'd
be weird about his rode the bike around
the house oh man I'm so tired I just ran
eight miles wait no i didn't i just
walked up the stairs ooh that was fun
and hard um i just woke up as you can
tell and yeah we have the white balance
what looks like i had bathed in cheetos
huh little guy huh huh yeah yeah i got
that we got the puppies back and this
one hey sorry I adorable puppies but uh
yeah yesterday was a interesting day
it's one of those it's one of those days
where you are you like you're like oh
today is gonna be a beautiful day
than you a mid pull through you step
into a piece of glass and you fall into
a pile of rape and then you contract
aids cancer which is probably worse um
so I don't know consignment really but
yesterday was interesting because uh
after I filmed the show my girlfriend
was like no Phil by the way apparently
the car was broken into and someone
bashed in the window to my tiny little
car and stole my GPS which is a bitch
right because they stole an eighty
dollar gps bit cause it caused two
hundred dollars to replace the window
you Father fucking Adam and just uh for
like cataloging stuff can I get you a
over here to explain how they rock via
birth window so you're telling me how
did they how did they break the window I
believe they use a screwdriver okay see
you Ricky right then right here yeah
looks like they use a screwdriver okay
and why wait why would they use a
screwdriver instead just like bashing in
the window might be like to not make
like a big knowledgeable okay so it's
just like a car instead of layer crash
okay well there you go oh I can't help
but laugh cuz it's kind of funny that
the window is more expensive than the
GPS it's just funny least the last time
they stole my GPS i left the car
unlocked and they just took the gps
didn't even know didn't leave anything
but i wonder nation has anyone ever
stolen something from you what have they
stolen and how much did it suck was like
someone injecting you with aids sake
we're like ahh mosquito sucky you know
it's just one of those days where uh
things don't go your way you just gotta
get past it you know i mean it's you
know it's a story that you'll tell
someone that you just met at a party
while you're drunk you're like yeah no
shitty days I got one for you and then
someone can always outdo you because
they're liars but like no I totally that
totally happened to me too but they left
a dead hooker in there if I had a nickel
for every friend I had to kill the
hooker I'd have ten cents which is
probably
not even a joke or is it
you
