i am a i'm on via the deck right now our
last day here at South by and Benna it's
been it's been a great trip I love it
and we've been inside all day was rainy
day blue day and yeah I wanted to really
fast thank the people that tracked me
down because they knew exactly where we
were staying because of things that we
film and thank you for the thing I'm
thanking for us we're not killing me was
unexpected it was as it's a great
surprise it was good i'm going to touch
everywhere i'm a nice that'll be a good
thing okay so we've done pretty much
nothing of the West make a video and
fucking tired but if you would like to
recreate my look well all you have to do
is have a problem with alcohol and drink
every night um that's what this night is
this night this week a little bit ah a
better question what do you do on a day
like today a blood day day that
literally just stopped ringing but on
rainy days what do you do are you xbox
live in it or looking up pornography or
I don't know I have a very limited
amount of things I do when it rains
because it never rains in Los Angeles
alright so I'm going to go punch baby
doesn't be fun Vybz kind of change I
kind of feel like I'm gonna get appetite
us somewhere
maybe
Oh tell me ugly
so I was saying she was like oh yay st.
Patrick's Day that means i can sleep on
a plane doesn't make sense no he's all
day cuz it would I don't want to part oh
so I said if they're not gonna wear
green I'm a pinch him you know cuz
that's what you do when you're an
asshole she was like I'm gonna sleep in
something green I was like that I'll
tell Tony in the middle the night to
take whatever the green thing is off of
you and she was like I don't think he'd
do it i was like maybe let that yeah so
it's region it's not so much
uncomfortable for me so Tony in this
hypothetical scenario if I was wearing a
dream if I was wearing something green
we haven't specified necessarily what it
is and Phil said Tony you have to take
whatever stairs wearing off in the
middle of the night would you or would
you not do it if it was a backpack
obviously with a backbone cuz she's
Sarah
I always have my cool backpack hundred
horseshoes okay why would she go to
sleep deck down on some shoes and a
backpack like she's going to wake up
running I say you don't push me okay
okay what if she want to feel like
whatever is the green shirt and Janice
that's worth but not even like a regular
love take my show they come out that
means yes
alright my name's Mike Rowe I am here at
the YouTube party South by Southwest run
on the blogging that's crazy one of the
blackity right now anyways I'm playing
tonight I'm scratching and mixing music
and videos and big screen and turntables
and everything it's really good hey
George strompolos i work at youtube i
work with all the youtubers out there
who are posting videos on the site it's
really it's really not traditional the
kind of content is created the people
who are creating it it's not just big
infrastructure you know studios and
lawyers and managers and agents it's
really like people making videos and
sharing them direct access
I am like Rudolph if he had a t-zone
problem hey so we are we're back from
the YouTube party we decided to not go
to the others because you know we got we
got to get on a plane in five hours and
it's always cool to meet people that are
in the space like there's actual people
working on it and it's good because
those people they bite they really a lot
of them do fight for us but it was it
was a great night it's our last night in
South by Southwest it was phenomenal and
once again I mean I don't even legally
have to say this but thank you so much
to add I skin for hooking us up and
allowing us to come out here okay but I
am gonna I'm gonna head head back inside
we're gonna we're going to pack up maybe
get like three or four hours of sleep
before the plane and then I don't know
we're gonna we're gonna try and put on
try and put on a show so we're gonna do
I can show you world's wonderous
splendorous wonder forget the words to
this song because I watched it when I
was 8 a whole new world filled with
things like girls who are way too
attractive for me but they talk to me
cuz for some reason they think I could
help their YouTube channel and that
makes me feel sad I'm gonna go cry
remember what do you do on there any
days or any rainy days where's the rainy
days I don't know you can maybe it's
