oh no we are having a fun day you betta
we have we had some fun back and forth
with YouTube about them displaying
pre-roll ads on my videos for the past
week when they weren't supposed to yay
fuck ah i had a little a little little
overreaction maybe maybe no it's not no
reactions but yeah i hate for your you
know the most annoying thing on the
planet i love me i wouldn't even watch
my videos last week i like fuck this I'm
done anyway I don't know what I'm
babbling about um I don't even have a
gleam of a drink in mia that's so sad
right so we are at the diggnation party
of which could be confused for a rainbow
party with the the fucker things are
going to be right now
still not sure what's going on this is
proud of a few hundred people with big
part off at burroughs I got a little one
we're gonna see what's going to happen
Oh
in the jar you're not going to see every
day you're gonna watch her up close
oh I love pretty good
so we go
love this oh look at you big momma wait
wait just so you know just so you know
right you guys the girls still wet haha
is what I'm making a joke I make a joke
right now I'm being it I love that you
laugh like a frat boy oh so um we are a
rear back to HQ we have a little fun you
sound like a douche bag you douche bag
yeah so we went to the Guam apartment we
went to the Foursquare party the
Foursquare party was full of people
saying things like through this company
and it involves networking synergy and a
lot of community and you know we feel
like we're different than everyone else
at this party and everyone else on the
showroom floor because well our name
starts with a Z and I feel like I feel
like it separates us now there are a lot
of cool people uh a lot of douchebags
but you know that comes with the space
you know that happens but we had we had
a good night we hung out with the
whatever hollywood girls justine a bunch
of very very very very cool people and
they all touch my pants which was kind
of awkward but um I'm gonna go to sleep
I love you long time and I'm going to
impregnate my girlfriend but she doesn't
know that yet she's gonna go to sleep
first and
general utility
