it's amazing first day of things
actually happening here out and south
fine but uh I'm gonna go make mistakes
not around fun
the play games all news out of place for
some reason
I like I'm like a fatty nothing
you're getting video gone
oh no oh no they're ahead garlic and she
died sara is recovering from iJustine
trying to assassinate her weight garlic
I know she'll pay goodnight so um we are
heading out really fast we're heading
out really fast because um we had
finished out for the night and then I
see a tweet from a mr. area mr. super
big and he's like pretty good time at
SXSW but I didn't get to meet the people
I wanted to see Greg Brett greg benson
chris pirillo or add figli di was like
well mother fucker you're at six street
I'm really close might as well you know
top down seagate 45 minutes so
apparently he's he's running from the
other end of 6th Street and I'm gonna
meet him on sixth Street so I don't know
I just it's probably a bad thing I love
you guys the way way too much I don't
know we meant we've met so many cool
people today and everyone's so nice and
I don't know if appreciative is the
right word but it's just just super nice
people and it like every time I meet
like a super nice or a very attractive
lady you know I'm talking about Miss
person at college humor who is there
with my girlfriends
yeah I felt something not really um but
I do love you so uh hopefully mr.
super-big can move his ass to uh where
we told them to come meet us if not then
we're just getting some fresh air so
that Tony doesn't go crazy since he's
editing videos at three o'clock in the
morning so uh how you feeling do you
think we're gonna get stamped I hope we
don't get Sam yeah yeah hopefully
hopefully no man yeah well depends on
really who gets stabbed either way it's
probably bad but you could still
probably edit with three fingers yeah
bro reading right there boom boom and
please lady at the same time as long as
you have another hands or mouth Anna I
don't know how it work you might have to
have a screen bout on her belly I don't
know I'm not a scientist okay cheese
I saw your tweets like fucking we're
going to see this dude its aaron from
from dallas texas it feels the same as
the mind of last tribe he's cool oh come
on you just gotta undo one button yeah
do it do it ladies calm down stop
watching this video I trying to do I had
to come see though I was like this is my
only chance to beat see you again cells
like rice will do it oh I can't I cannot
say five out with a blue shield
gentlemen a lieutenant editor today
