so what's your first impression of
Austin Oh every time everyone says
Austin I'm like we're not in Boston it's
looking pretty nice i'm excited to see
some some people making mistakes
tomorrow it's gonna be good I keep
hearing about a holy as a big internet
people when you meet them they're just
stupid drunk people what's first
impressions of Austin looks like a
college town like on steroids
50 margaritas alone I don't see no la
Festa della pieve oxygen LOL we're
shocked three bucks you get three dollar
you just read i'll do 30 grams in the
elevator
what do you mean I got the ellipses is
over the best
so we're going to go to the convention
center see some stuff I'm pumped because
it's essentially CES but with feels like
holy shit that I'll probably hear about
I want to see 3d TVs in my belt buckle
so I've got a friend and she doesn't
quite know what a douche bag if I could
use that term frequently GC mr. wrote
about online typing figure out asking
experts what is the interest instead
it's a it's someone that thinks they're
awesome and feels like it's their job to
at all times explain how awesome they
are
essentially he couldn't read it please
my name is aiming and I'm from Seattle
Washington where I got this t-shirt
women who started this organization
called hug love save com so this is one
of their new shirts saving lives to
movies at a time and so I told them that
if they wanted me to I went where I'm
sure down here are you talking to look
at your little sister yes she's like his
biggest fan and then I'm going skydiving
tomorrow video shape in a few acres like
I just meant sexy pillow and I was like
I didn't know he was here and so I
thought it was like super creepy but
Erica Chan was that guy that I say to me
and that I don't like when people come
up to me and like I'm your biggest fan
boy that ever happens around you
general utility yay
