done it's done it's done Don Tom don't
get you don't anywhere oh wow oh darling
there's a car brutal brutal brutal
pressures on pressure zone cameras on
you you want to see something awesome oh
look at that hair I just got out of the
shower and I uh I was thinking how lives
like a latte because you're there and
you order it and you do anything and
then they give it to and then they don't
give you sugar perfect i won it's uh
it's midnight I'm packing I'm taking a
break rather from packing um we're going
to South by Southwest myself in the crew
yeah it's gonna be fun it's my first
time to austin texas is my first time to
South by Southwest we're getting the
opportunity it's it's abnormally
expensive to go to South by Southwest
for some reason apparently it's like CES
with tech people and hippies I don't
know so it should be fun but luckily we
got a we got a sponsor to cover the trip
otherwise we wouldn't be going actually
that clip they saw the beginning where
we're in the car we were on the way to
my accountant who I've been kind of
trying to avoid for three months because
I've kind of terrified how much money i
owe the government from last year
because the government was like hey
remember you made that money like half
of that shit's mine I don't know but we
we we figured some stuff out and
apparently I'm not broke so i can keep
eating and filling my car with gas so
that's y a success for me i'm not dying
on streets yet whoo i'm super stingy
with money I think it's because the the
way I grew up after I was like seven
years old my family had like 0 money yay
yay I didn't have a computer until I was
18 cry me a river Phil you know I was
thinking as I was leaving the
accountants office where I was like okay
I'm not gonna have to revert to my old
lifestyle and my old lifestyle was like
I was working full-time and I was going
to school full-time and you know I could
barely forward with that to pay rent and
I was you know
I would get like a bad grade on a test
and I have to go straight to work and
then from straight from work to like
school again to take spanish test at
eight o'clock in the morning yay and all
the while I had like no money to eat so
like the only thing i would eat is like
bread from outback like the bread they
give you that's free when they were
ready to throw it out a book oh I'll eat
some I love bread because I can't afford
to eat anything else and I don't was
weird it was a weird thing you know not
having the money to eat but hey since
I'm sharing stories and stuttering I
ready to go and sleep but I can't go to
sleep because I gotta get to play since
we're sharing stories what is the worst
money situation you've ever been in if
you've ever been in one I feel like it's
a legitimate question in or just after a
recession yeah cuz I think we all have
our mayonnaise sandwich stories if you
have you know what I'm talking about ok
I am going to go do productive things
like throw stuff into a suitcase and
then pay thirty dollars extra to put it
on a plane yay flying magic just like
that I'm somehow in austin texas I went
on the flight I slept for three hours
Milt about the flight Quentin Tarantino
on the flight and I stared at him and he
stared at me and I looked out and he
looked at we just got into our place the
gang is setting up and we lucked out
this is like a last-minute cancellation
we got a decent deal on it and look it's
look at you guys Tony Tony hook up stuff
and then um we have the secretary in the
garage that's what happens when you're
bad everyone even know that and it's
it's sweet but I think I think the thing
that's super sweet but I don't even know
he had was a this thing out cheer let's
see ah oh man I'm digging it oh I'm
digging it yeah the only way that we
could actually get this trip and thank
you to the beautiful laid-back people
that at I skin Inc who have a sponsored
our trip out here to Austin Texas i love
it i keep want to say Dallas Dallas
Texas no to austin texas for South by
Southwest and yeah very awesome people
thank you for the hookup and yeah so we
are going to do things and stuff
I'm gonna try and see if I can break
away from work for like two hours and
see if we can schedule in a of you were
meet up because I would like to meet you
beautiful people and even you ugly
people in austin texas
