bottom awesome white balance hello in
subs so today's new thing for battle for
his boredom was actually something I
mentioned in the the main show must be
were familiar with which is the ability
Franco show I have never actually
watched trong or actually I never had
watched Ron and then I did and that was
my new thing and it's really not like a
way i can montage like this is tron and
this is me watching tron and isn't this
exciting but um I just did I wanted to
chill battle vs boredom because i'm lazy
and fat and you know his lawyer i could
run or watched run so i want strong and
you know I just I don't know I I
understand that it was probably amazing
back then I was like the first movie
that ever used computer-generated
graphics and it was cool you know is
very cool and it was also cool saying a
very young Jeff Bridges and I liked it
and I understand why it was kind of a
cult hit and I think it's cool and it
got a lot of press I think I'm actually
after watching I'm more excited to see
tron legacy than if I had not seen it
because I think they can do so much with
the technology that we have today and I
don't know a lot of people like oh it's
not gonna be 3d what the f no i don't
care if it's 3d or not i think that you
know 3ds something a lot of studios have
just been adding two movies so that you
know people pay a little extra to watch
it and it's like it's new it's like no
no no the only way to compare it is like
two other 3d but this is just more
advanced 3d and i know that i'm gonna
get a lot of shit for you know saying
like I'm not I don't think trons like
the most amazing movie of all time I
just you know I think that it was it's
one of those movies that you watched a
while back and you're like that what's
amazing and then you like watch now and
you're like that's still pretty cool but
you know it's just it's lost the charm
when you remember it was so much better
like when I remember like the Chucky
movies right I'm like oh I was I'm so
terrified I was terrified because I was
fine it was it was silly I go back and I
watch those now and I'm like why was I
really really I think it but i think
that's that's a lot of things in life
you always think back you're like man
that was so cool it was so good like you
know if you think about any old
relationship for the first 20 seconds
you might be
think I'm like wow you know but there
were the really good times and there was
that one awesome time and then you're
like oh wait you broke up with her and
she slept with her boss the next day
that's there's this it's not a green
pasture that's a pasture filled with
your ex-girlfriend banging her boss but
yeah I mean I think it's a lot of things
you think back and like man being a
server was awesome no it wasn't when it
was someone's birthday you had to clap
your hands and sing hey it's your
birthday so here's your birthday song
hae me me me me me me me me me I hated
that Oh God do you think call center oh
man I remember being in a call center I
got to chill on a computer all day no I
had to deal with people screaming that
her 56k wasn't working you're like ma'am
turn on your computer just turn it on
it's the button it's the button is it
plugged into the wall oh it's not oh you
feel like an idiot okay I'll escalate
you buy an in general most things when
you think back on it were a lot better a
lot worse than it really was and kind of
like with tron legacy or anything in
life you gotta just look forward to the
future for something or something
different something better but mainly
just something different yeah I guess if
there's any moral in this its stop
thinking about how awesome the past was
and how cool high school was and when
you used to party and whenever you sit
down with your friends you talk about
how awesome something you used to do was
just do new stuff do new stuff I think
that's why I made these battle for
sporting videos not to say look at me
I'm doing stuff I'm saying do stuff do
stuff with your life otherwise you'll
really regret it you'll hold on to that
one party you went to wear that one
thing happened you'll always joke about
it and laugh about it next time you see
your friends you're drinking and even
though a lot of things suck you gotta
gotta try and enjoy the little things in
life sometimes that's the only thing
that'll pull me from the ledge but I
love you guys mucho mucho but I'm gonna
make today's philip defranco show so
check it out I make them four times a
week again check them out cuz I do it
for you um I need to figure out a really
good way to end this nope
it looks like I ate Cheetos
