hi I'm till E I thing here watching the
riddle give you 0 lack and c is my life
is very plain wow wow wow hey guys it's
a Tuesday morning and just chillin
outside thinking thank you I got um I
got some viewer mail and this one was
interesting because it was a gentleman
by the name of gel I believe in Canada
and he sent me this letter and the
letter I was talking about his father
and it was talking about how he had
passed away I believe in 2007 more
recently and he sent me the obituary he
sent me his cremation certificates and
he sent me part of his ashes and after
the first 10 seconds of being a little
little weirded out I uh I thought wow
okay okay and he so he had sent part of
his ashes to a lot of family and friends
across country in different countries
and you know to spread it around pretty
much everywhere and I thought wow that's
that's huge to me that's that's amazing
and I you know it kind of made me think
of a relationship I have with my affair
might a little bit my family and I know
it just it's kind of crazy cuz you know
you're there one second then you're not
know it's weird it took me back for a
second and made me think about it so I I
thought okay well uh well we'll take
everyone out I'll go up to Malibu and
while everyone's doing stuff I'll spread
a spread mr. Ford's ashes
it's kind of windy so may not be able to
hear the audio but we're at the beach
we're gonna have we're gonna spread mr.
William boards ashes and well I didn't
know you personally just what I know it
seemed like people cared about you
you're a funny guy you're a good guy
you're like best friend oh my god no I
love her shes java coffee no I know I
saw the tweet was like acting like jamba
juice honey kix to bring it
we could we could randomly surprise
there I thought it was like six pieces
of calamari on a plane there's more
fried things below it engage there's
nothing aside on the top
ladies go Oh
whatever pass you
guys um now he'd go home go home now hmm
just makes you think man really makes
you think they the same thing everyone
says after someone's bowl or someone's
someone dies uh well you know it really
does man the Suns in my
