so your shaycarl from youtube no I'll
shake Carlton the runner that road god
damn it oh yeah oh so it is the weekend
vlog it see oh I'm in the garage oh and
the weekend was interesting first thing
we did we won she is poachy touche a
surprise party we go to show you
surprised my legal party area
so I had fun it was it was a good time I
was good seeing all the faces if you
keep up with you to be honest I had
become China and I kind of closed myself
off from most youtubers for four months
while i uh pretty much did what I wanted
to do and I don't know it was kind of a
kind of nicely and all the faces again I
haven't seen a lot of people
okay so here's videos in a row last 17
video
compressed right now minutes long thank
you for all of you were willing to seven
minutes of my life
hey
then of course the weekend we went out
with the sheet hearts again along with
dusty and Charles Trippy and we checked
out some really cool sculptures and one
shot on the beach which I actually never
done even though I live very close it
looks nice today I know I'm so pretty
and and now we're gonna go do things you
know I have never gone outdoor mini
golfing or batting cages and hence you
can tell because I miss so many balls
baby you have put more of your button to
it
no but there really is very new feelings
I cannot lead to like hitting a pitch
and just like wrecking it I don't know
this is fun
Wow whenever we're not like breaking the
rules is when we get kicked out we got
kicked out because we were batting with
sandals but thanks for kicking us out
and hang if you're wondering where's
your punishment ain't Charles Trippy for
that because he was supposed to do the
thing then he decided to leave sunday at
seven o'clock good morning to go back to
his girlfriend three loves such a thing
to do girlfriends are for homos even
though I have one look we will do that
tuesday because today we're going to
film I think a very important battle for
a sport of something actually for a
viewer I want to go on a final today a
lot of people ask me who are your new
friends where they abound lovey-lovey
blah who cares this is my shoe what yeah
so I think the best way to talk about
Sony rather than rambling on for 18
notes which i will most definitely do
because it is a long and random
relationship I want you to go after this
video click on the link in the sidebar
Tony I know you're not going to put this
in the video click on the link in the
sidebar totally post a video about who
he is where he comes from and I think it
think it describes it very well since
the first time we met my best friend
buddy
friends are all about who has your back
even though there's nothing in it for
them and you've always had my back for
no reason whatsoever I love you for it
you
