what's your name Maddie so my name is
Maddie and you're watching the blogging
oh hello again internet today is barrels
verse boredom whatever it's there
somewhere I don't know what it is I'm in
a car with Joni Sarah billy d's
secretary according to twitter and
Charles Charles came out here because
new thing of the day but one part of my
body somewhere in Charles smell oh it's
so close oh my god you did it that's
actually not the new thing of the day no
no I'm wondering with the street if it's
kind of just like Mexican Venice Beach
where essentially everyone kind of sells
the same thing makes like these people
are
these are the best like suckers and
lollipops dude you got to get him as
that one is pretty sweet oh that's Brad
he's got protection so you can't poke
people in the eyes I think we got a
winner high-five power so it should be a
rule birthday that we just work in these
mouth I just wanted a luchador mask
because I've always wanted to be skinny
jump from things really high fake
wrestle with men in oil no I must get
back we have to get back to the station
so then we did that we got some coffee
and they were checking out Union Station
where they filmed a scene from Blade
Runner
school do people get you see wearing the
mask or do you ever take the mask off no
because then people would know my secret
identity my last mass was ripped by my
arch-nemesis mr. Miyagi I'll get you
sparkling mangina
but me in my nightie bummer supplemental
I uh I don't know how that happened we
were like hey let's go to that street
filled with Mexican stuff and Union
Station and somehow we ended up walking
around for three hours with Rey Mysterio
masks decided to fight really badly so
it was fun though right isn't that what
the the interwebs is all about making
something from nothing no it's about
pornography okay well I'll just count
keep doing what I do though um and if
you're wondering still I want to see you
get punished Tony Sarah and Charles have
selected one of your punishments and
we're gonna we're gonna put that in the
the Monday laga diya now if this is your
first vlog go back and watch them all
grow with me yeah I just swallowed
saliva and choked down a little no no
your mom feels like
I'll get you sparkling button
