what are you saying Phil oh are we doing
that thing where you want me to recreate
a moment that we all just had just a
little more awkward that it was before
oh wait I should probably be filming
forgot to turn the audio that's gonna be
on your headstone no I should
probably a video clip it you know just a
male time Phil yeah male like boy time I
got called ungrateful so many times cuz
I did that one stupid like gag is this
what you want
please don't send me sugar foot fish
which is an amazing sushi place somewhat
near my office don't do it don't get
this the the most expensive box which I
believe comes in a $44 yeah oh you're
that one that feeds sixteen one one
hungry this is from vitacost which is
not a person give me what's got a real
nice Oh everything's an inside thing I
meant joke not jump mac and cheese man
sweet
there's no no just some one word are we
sure this wasn't just Zac there's no
note wait oh wait no Joe I feel like I
should have done over whoo-hoo that was
you did you cut yourself Phil now that
was close there's like the the marking
of a knife oh wait hey Phil I know you
said not to send a TV but I couldn't
resist don't mind the Lemur who's just
so I can include a gift message do we
ask for like we've told people not to
send us a TV or something it's a little
TV does it work
no why why did I even look like it would
obviously work but what's so strange is
it comes with a little remote the
attention to detail so weird what is a
TV France thank you so much Jeremy
yeah let's vote YES for a TV I think I'm
gonna enjoy the Lemur okay good
anyways squeeze that what I think it is
this is the thing you mentioned I know
right Isis from Michael Oh says they
fill up here's to making you look like
more of a dude making you look like more
of a douche wait I'll be back I'm gonna
cross you Joe how's it look
Brian oh one second I have to take a
call
oh no sorry sorry I just have to take
that call cool why no no Anthony hung
this is a group photo
oh dear Phil I don't know if you
remember me but I'm a VCU student with
Camp Kesem a nonprofit organization that
provides a free week-long summer camp
for kids whose parents of cancer last
year your donation helped us send four
of the 50-plus campers we had to camp
and I wanted to give you an update Oh
picture provided on the box is a group
photo we took on the last day of camp
and I just wanted to show you the
difference you helped make in these kids
lives and how much it means to all of us
here at Camp keesom at VCU the pineapple
hacked yeah find up a hand in the boxes
because at camp we have a song called
pineapple hat and as one of the campers
favorite songs you'll always be part of
the CKD family oh and of course have you
want to donate to a very worthy cause go
to donate kisame org slash Goku love it
I love the Hat I need someone with a
smaller head to wear this some new
thumbnail hey hey the thumbnail action
you know Luke dresses based off the
comments you guys leave that's what I've
noticed I'm no model I don't know this
is Joe nation particularly what you're
doing is illegal but I'm not going to
opening my mail oh god I think I know I
don't know how to say this so this is
this is what happens when you joke about
Joe's Heights you watch it a video
someone sends him things that that will
boost his height by putting them in
issues will you do this I'll do just
with no thank you
who sent it would there's no no did you
send it them no Lindsay and I thought as
like a funny joke it'd be funny to send
into mail shoes that boost height but I
didn't do this
like what we never did it because I was
like that would be to me actually loved
it just mentioned in like a family blog
no like no this is a personal copy
here I'm gonna give this to you how do I
look you look good you look at a man
that's allowed to reach his prime so you
should come in and then see what I've
actually bought these before really
years ago I tried it but I was like this
sucks
it messes with my posture is it just
like make you lean forward you're always
like in that one scene from that Michael
Jackson music look more manly just like
its back yeah as the resident like short
person you're taller can those fit on
Briana's just like being an ideal and
that doesn't make me much you were
special shoes yeah so we need so now you
know what heels are like right what now
bill actually it's known as a TV HD no
no you got to watch what the we say
now cuz people that have to send it
don't send us a king size - excuse me
boy does anyone need a brand of 19 inch
TV okay the researchers have been asking
me for a TV to watch like continuous
news coverage I'm like okay I'll get it
cuz I'm like figuring out budgets for
the office can we please hang that in
their room and I feel like guys I got
you it
so you get one dirty look from Brian I
told them to send me a list of things
they needed for their office and so I
bought them like death and someone need
a new chair and they put a Jake Paul
poster on there and it's the one thing I
didn't get them until they print it out
Jake Paul pictures and put them up in
the room so I would have been that makes
imaging Paul pictures Adventures of Jake
Paul in that room yeah we're gonna do
Phil Brian D of a giant marker no no I
think I have to say this is okay because
I'm worried about being called a racist
I feel like as a white guy I'm just not
allowed are we gonna actually do yeah I
don't actually want to drill into the
wall to for a joke let's dangle it from
the ceiling like I'm strong yeah that's
good let's put the light on - that makes
no sense
yeah that looks pretty cool you know we
should put it cut out the window outside
the window it's gonna be a joke that no
one's gonna be here to see we finally
got the budget to get you guys - any
last words guys we're good do prank bro
shoot at Luke at the end cards like it's
an all-day project we're installing
cable into the building tonight
