Oh interwebs fail to do no um so we uh
we did something new yesterday a chat
roulette and I recorded all the footage
and it was hilarious it's something I
never really say about anything on the
Phillips frankel show it was gold and as
I was messing around with all the stuff
i was using a program called ScreenFlow
to capture everything and for some
reason even though i thought i had saved
things after it crashed it was like
guess what bitch you didn't save it the
way you thought you did and the file
that i was exporting was screwed as a
TMP it tried all these recovery things
didn't work I figure we can do it again
but I have failed you but what this
means for you other than the fact that
you get to write fail in the comments do
it for me right bail for me put down
something in the comments the punishment
new thing of the day that could be
something I don't want to do but it
needs to be something like not gay stuff
I love the gays but I'm not for them in
that way wait but come up with something
that doesn't seem like a good thing a
punishment and up and down the comments
and I'm Tony and Sarah figure out which
one they want to punish me with
ah
haha
if you have not realized we're back to
monday to thursday i'm with philip
defranco show so click the link in the
sidebar and watch all the videos over
and Topher and yeah it's whatever
