hey what's up it's a it's the morning
time ah food that by the way so it's
pretty slammed today because we're
getting used to the monday to thursday
schedule kind of just taking it in
stride and that's why I we decided new
thing in the day salvors board I'm just
trying something new and we went to
millions of milkshakes met up with a
mystery guitar man jus and we drink some
mo freakin milkshakes so we're going to
millions of milkshakes um what do we do
today I did the show you edit the vlog
down you're up making the new intro for
the philip defranco show which I enjoyed
you're gonna kill us Tony don't fill me
or drive it you're lucky I can drive a
one-hand pay attention the road and film
a good vlog yeah I'm fucking Tony V over
here
what's your name where you from what are
you doing here
I'm just
what you get Lindy my leasing that
tastes like banana split without me so I
gotta say I I wasn't happy with mine you
know Khloe Kardashian she just likes it
wait chocolate I'm all for the chocolate
but uh probably the best one there was
miley cyrus miley cyrus tasted delicious
someone give her this I was like trail
it sorry oh hello I just remember who I
wanted to do I wanted to do a quick
thing on viewer mail because you guys
have been sending me some awesome stuff
first one monique is we're actually I
believe I met you in Seattle judging
from these pictures of us and you have a
picture of my buddy Seattle but anyway
monique is weird he sent me bottle cap
necklace and I like come on autofocus
work there it is I make great sandwiches
I love you Monique just for doing that
so I think what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna keep like three of them on me at
all times and I see you some reason and
you're like Phil I've won a bottle
capping then I'll give you one Thank You
Monique I love you also thank you to
Stephen grobart for a very nice letter
and also thank you to Amber Simmons it
looks like it you're trying to write a
tea for an N and you ran out of space
sending from Japan hello Japan very nice
to meet you and lastly today but not
leastly is Gabby gums stuff for now
Gabby gums topper wrote a letter the way
you're supposed to with less words and
more drawings I'm very impressed by this
and I'm trying to hold this down because
it's super windy right now see that is
how
we write a letter but even if your
stuffs not in one of these videos i do
want to thank you guys for sending all
the really nice stuff I mean you may not
believe it but your nice comments really
sometimes push me through the day so I
really really really really really super
appreciate it of course if you want to
send something like an email or
something like this all the information
is always in the sidebar pretty much
every video from now on yeah I'm gonna
I'm gonna go the Rope up against the
wall not really
back
oh and yes I almost forgot giveaway on
the Nexus I'm only telling you guys
about it it is gonna be based on all the
comments since the first time I
mentioned it to the end of this week
Friday it's just a secret for you
hardcores watch the vlogs and it's
probably gonna be a comment on the
philip defranco show so leave it there
