hi I'm 36 person with the deep freeze
and you're watching Philip DeFranco
slugging oh hello so um Wyatt not
talking you're talking to the internet
Jesus Lindsey Jesus so what I was
thinking was that these blogs I'm going
to make them monday to friday but the
Monday videos will be the three new
things because the weekends I pretty
much relax and I want those things to be
kind of calm but that's not the case for
a high school kid with hormones raging
no mom was my biz cuz word on the street
well she's got a bangin body plus a big
booty which equals a super hottie pull
the trigger too much well gauge shotty
and get really like a kamikaze and don't
think that it's we CN like we pushed up
and remain best friends but rather now
it's just the stock at the peak of my
game attend the neighborhood apart and
hope nothing bad no trace the track this
is a milf attack woot bangus max will
get wet and sweep up the slack cuz I'm
about to blow up the shit like Shaq its
criminals make it lemon oh so
uncontainable she says adorable and I
say it's blobel yeah really really we
did it we needed a new thing that bad
you got the crazy dude sings again oh I
thought was about to be molester it's
like visited here
I always wonder where Macaulay Culkin
movies though he has are always super
calm compared to the rest of my life but
um yeah so the three things we did this
weekend's friday i was serenaded by a
crazy man who possibly was on crack
cocaine tired from that saturday we i
decided to start designing the office
cam around me i just i don't want them
to see my as we face a rhythm look at
you so what do we use them the color
scheme is going to be great black and
red you can white we both like this
morning we're gonna get freddy's 3 feels
so crazy and then sunday of course we
went to sarah and olga's production
checked it out and talk to some people
so you can you can thank Tony for all
the awesome music in the last video you
cut down the last one I think three my
three and a half minutes with my
favorite blog ever we're going to see
soon
figured out my job description yes I'm a
firefighter in a back
this is your circus choose your own and
it was a pretty fun weekend but of
course as always if you have ideas
things for me to do let me know down in
the comments and video responses and
even other stuff that doesn't even exist
yet if you're watching this in the
future
what are you doing down there Shane
sucking
