oh hello Internet today's battle vs
boredoms actually kind of weird today's
is going to be go to a therapist I've
always been interested in what it would
be like to go to a therapist if it would
actually be helpful obviously I'm not
going to have answer that with one trip
plus because it's a video i'm pretty
sure i can write at all so so that's the
only way i can justify it because
normally i just use youtube videos to
vent my frustrations about life so we'll
see we'll see okay um so States been
interesting because we've gone to a
therapist I have gone to a therapist
awkward maybe that's why I'm going in
the first place found out that I have
ADHD who knew Oh probably everybody and
then we interviewed the dudes who made
this game and we got a copy played some
there and turns out I'm actually coming
too bad at baseball games I feel like
going to a prostitute I have a special
card to get into the room quiet or
they'll kick us out you're good yep
that's fun now the 2k real maker how
exactly does that work and can you
upload it to a certain website can you
upload it to youtube I that's it you
don't have to leave another class it's
like jamming yeah it looks like it has
one way to put it yeah lovey was a
retarded haha yay and then on the way
out most random thing on the planet we
ran into a dude that run askmen.com it
was kind of fantastic the way he was
like I know your face this is like oh
thanks I think I am Armando I am having
a party for askmen.com about 99 at my
house you must come to the party I was I
was like I don't know what you just said
but I'm going so we're gonna go to a
party where everyone is 80 times more
attractive than myself I imagine I'm
gonna try and bring the camera in if I
can't I just want you to know I didn't
enjoy it as much that's a lie
sweet so we just got out of the the
askmen.com events and by got out I mean
a very large black man said that I was
not allowed to record and I was like
okay well I don't want to be hurt
obviously he didn't want us hit up by
the internet paparazzi you know one
cares about us I don't know I'm just
very friendly to big black man was he a
little black he was in his fucking noob
a loofah no no no no I was like but but
he worked out a lot like right he worked
out see i was lucky work out so much and
he had a beer yeah definitely despite
despite this this guy yesyes despite
this guy kicking this balance it's fun
you
