oh hey what's up um we are on the road
we're on our way to San Francisco and
bigger me drive it's only like five
hours away and yeah it's cheaper that
way uh yeah fun fun fun God knows I love
driving but we are driving a bump on a
bomb Prius oh it's a Prius that way we
can make good uh we're pretty much we're
just saving we're saving the world by
ourselves right now now I was then I was
looking at the comments of my main video
and there were a few people that were
locked Phil I think you're an asshole
because people people ride the bus to
save to save planet to lower their
carbon footprint I said I said a
majority of the people take the bus
because they don't have other
transportation which is true everywhere
I've been except New York okay I'm gonna
get back in the car give no it smells
like fire yeah yeah that's next of Tony
for uh for slamming on the brakes at 80
miles an hour that feel good to slam on
the brakes at 80 miles an hour does yes
and feels good to be alive
two and a half hours in Johnny's been
moving his head like that bitchy when I
bow and then we have the ladies in the
back
there you go it's like a mirror I
thought I was going to show off the
static electricity going on
oh so um we're in we're finally here
we're in the hotel craziness and lucky
for me san Francisco has several kimpton
hotels and we get a we got a special
deal with them so we're staying here and
they upgraded us to thank you kimpton
hotels um so we're gonna meet with my
buddies from mechanism they make really
cool stuff and things and not even with
their hands just with their minds I
don't even talk about we're gonna go get
some dinner and still trying to figure
out what the new thing of the day is I
don't know is it traveling to san
francisco no cuz i've done that no no
we'll see
I don't know so the table is decided
that my new thing of the day should be
to eat a raw oyster which I it's not
like it would be on fear factor
something big of a deal
wait you're alive but I see if it's
moving help me it's got really operon
quiet that's the way always just are
though they're awkward quiet
Oh God oh it's terrible how do I deal
with my new thing of the day kind of a
it's kind of a gimme was eating a raw
oyster and maybe maybe in the future
we'll do a few tanu a few more new food
things what kind of weird stuff don't
don't just like put like bull testicles
but you know maybe like how testicles no
testicles it's it's really weird but um
maybe maybe other new foods to try think
about it put in the comments or maybe
make a video response about the the
weirdest thing you've ever eaten
someone's like vagina and I love pinis
anyone that's gonna be edited into
something weird but I'm gonna go and
yeah we are headed towards san bruno to
go to the YouTube HQ because we have
meetings all day and then we're going to
be on a panel myself raywilliamjohnson
and the dude behind smile
meetings the time it is like how did you
do what you did so that we can do
without you without having to do
anything with you personally other than
saying you would come so what else are
we gonna do why we're here in some job
Tony God additional friends tomorrow
tomorrow we're gonna have we're actually
gonna we're going to try and you think
of the day that will do that a few of
you guys are actually not even a few one
ton of you send a tweet your new
and all day beauty
mine across and yeah
what you do today
do I want like to
but we're done with the brown ruin your
image oh that's uh that's how we do it
at 100 then one o'clock I think it's
about one something i don't know let's
just film random people geez Tony just
trying to check out stuff on the end or
not we are at the winchester house the
house of course of and it's apparently
really creepy and weird we're not
supposed to bring cameras but we're
going to try for you guys and this is
the recommendation from you guys after
we went to two of queen mary you guys
what you got check the winchester house
so you know it's on the way back to Los
Angeles so we're gonna check it out and
I hear it's creepy
so this this is blaine he was our tour
guide he was really cool so we want to
get a special thing mom hi Judy this is
wayne the kids were blast on the tour
okay okay okay so tell me you tell me
something about the house that you
didn't tell is like something's
something special or super interesting
all she had a dog zip that used to zip
through the house a Yorkshire Terrier
gate okay okay what's let me have to yep
okay so okay so what are they what's the
most morbid thing about the house like
that you could I'm sorry to ask that
question but it's like what's the most
spookiest thing about the house that
you've ever owned over to the witches
camp it's like l-shaped you go up these
stairs you go down the other says and go
in a big Roman it really looks like
something you were seeing a movie with
witches oh wow yes austria lehigh yes
the dream catchers and the spider webs
was she afraid of something or was to
Kiev to catch the evil sports and what
the good ones go through thank you very
much right winchester is a big it's
confusing and it's slightly creepy it's
like it's more it's let it's more
uncomfortable than creepy when I keep
tearing
oh jeez I don't know what whole footage
is usable for some reason the first day
stuff and the second day stuff seems
corrupted but hopefully it works and I
can show you if not I'm sorry and we'll
just continue filming from here but uh
I'm gonna go do my Thursday new thing of
the day for the battle vs. Board dumb i
do not know way i talk like this and
then we're going to have a hands-on of
MLB 10 the show and that's it yeah yeah
back back to semi normalcy and we will
we will we will film some stuff today
and tomorrow and the day after and so on
you
