there we go oh well I look super pasty
as much so we'll do this video while I'm
eating in the morning and one take
before we make the Franco show and head
out of San Francisco head back to Los
Angeles because as you may have known or
I may have said I'm like just waking up
I came up or yeah came up to San
Francisco to go to a YouTube Google
meeting where pretty much I was the only
regular youtuber in the room they didn't
fly me out I paid my own way up because
I felt like there needed to be a regular
youtuber at this meeting where there was
all these huge business heads and no one
was representing youtubers now I'm not
saying oh I'm the voice of the community
no way in no way because I would I want
and what a lot other people want
completely different but there are
certain things that a lot of people do
once like an easier watch page
experience for partners and non partners
things that allow better social
networking that could work that could
work with the recent activity thing a
lot of people feeling like their videos
aren't being seen and that's partly due
to certain algorithms and how some
people may be perceived as getting
better treatment and so there's a lot of
things talk about it was literally like
a 10 hour meeting it was insanely long
meeting but yeah so we were doing that
and then I get out of the meeting and I
see that there is a youtuber who I
actually I enjoy his videos saying that
I'm having conversations with YouTube to
UM cripple his account to make it so
that no one can get to his account or
maybe he's not getting featured I don't
know I don't know what exactly he's
accusing me of
cuz and it's confusing because he's not
someone that I consider a liar or a
crazy person and and it's someone that
I've promoted and Twitter links and I
want to say I mentioned him in a vlog or
a regular video I'm pretty sure I've
linked to him and we can just say his
name he can get the traffic because you
know you can keep talking shit on me I
mean your other videos are funny but
it's ASA the comic and it's just
confusing because I got on all these
messages right after I was like voicing
the concerns for regular youtubers it
was like Phil hates youtubers owes like
what do you talk with I did okay I'm
just saying imagine a world where I am
this person right I'm this person trying
to knock down other youtubers why would
I go for someone that is an in fact no
direct threat to me it is literally like
if it was someone like like all of a
sudden let's say there was someone
that's getting the same views as me
doing the same thing as me and I'm this
bad person then you know you could be
like okay Phil's going after him but why
would I go after someone that's getting
10 to 20,000 views a video that is no
direct threat to me I like I just I like
I like stepping on an snow and I don't
mean to call you it in but just I mean
look at it look at it that way there's
there's literally no reason for me to do
anything negative and you know people
are gonna say I'll Phil don't worry
about the haters stupid haters they're
just stupid yeah but it's confusing to
me when it's not someone that I would
even consider a hater but he's if you
isa if you are going to leave the site
it's sad to see it go don't know why
what kind of information you're getting
if that's even true or if you just
wanted to throw someone under the bus so
that I would mention you and that you
get more views I'm not sure and please
please please please don't go onto his
video and hate on him he's up as far as
I know he is a very nice guy and maybe
he's just been through a lot I don't
know that's that's what it seemed like
in the video but yeah I'm going to enjoy
this breakfast
and yeah all the footage from the trip
which is really not that exciting if
you've ever been on Interstate five
we'll be up and I couldn't film in the
offices so the footage is pretty down
but I did this so Google if you want to
take it out of my Adsense you can but I
just couldn't I couldn't just pass up
stealing that and hmm they forgot that
they gave me a Nexus One for the
sponsored spot Lee two months ago I look
like a fatty because I'm talking while
I'm shooting on the internet how rude is
that one second they forgot they gave me
a Nexus One or they just didn't care but
um they uh they gave one to me again and
I decided I'm gonna give it to a viewer
and it's gonna be based in the comments
somewhere this week whether it's a vlog
or it's a main show I don't know but I
figure it'll be kind of fun and you know
don't I mean don't hopefully don't spam
the comments because I just won't choose
that I'll have someone in DeFranco Inc
the one of the two people who work for
the company to randomly select one and
you can't be any of our friends and yeah
I figured you know give something away
but uh yeah I don't know just just
something on my mind in this early a.m.
but uh thought I do it over breakfast
because really there's no time for the
crazy these days but guys I love you a
long time and keep giving me ideas for
the new stuff of the day we're gonna do
something that you mentioned in a few
videos we're gonna do that today and
hopefully you will see that tomorrow or
the next okay okay I'm gonna go make the
philip defranco show love you long time
and of course of course something I
don't know it's probably something about
sending me naked pictures if you're
attractive and not a man maybe no okay
bye
