I'll show everyone how you've been
getting exercise you probably just heard
Lindsay scream she was like getting
ready for the shower I think she thought
I was ambushing her whoo
where you at where you at bitch puppy
ready for some more puppy dance go so
something cool you may not have known
about rookie he's actually a super
secret agent puppy come on go go do
puppy things go do super-agent puppy
things super-agent puppy he's eaten food
like no other puppet could except maybe
a scuzz he's eaten - oh hello we just we
just got out of mr. Martin Scorsese's
shutter island' and what did I think
it's pretty good it's okay it's um you
know you have to go into it expecting
that it's gonna be a slow slowish movie
but uh yeah I think I think it was
really really faithful in all the ways
that mattered and yet faithful to the
book yeah it wasn't like faithful to me
it wasn't like yeah I didn't like
walking on like Martin Scorsese banging
a black dude
but more importantly Lindsey and myself
we want to try something new so
to Color Me Mine a place where we do
what paint pottery which you may be
surprised is actually a new thing for me
I know it's a shocker oh the things to
choose from these are color choices
that's mine
here's Lindsay you can even see it's the
girls okay and ones he's gonna do a
cupcake okay are you just working on
this work I might use a stencil who
knows you want to use it okay I'm gonna
work on the weirdo first okay and now we
have a quick updates still going on okay
I have another update
Lindsay's Lindsay's rocking out some
sweet colors and I have my boy over here
his knee he scraped himself and now he
has yellow words that's what happens
would you make
yeah anything to help you in the kitchen
that's true and then um I went different
and made a buddy here I will call him
Sam
and yeah Sam has weird lips but uh
whatever I still like them there we go
this guy doesn't get a name guys and
that's weird now you'll be you'll be Joe
that over sport him wait no I have to
have put you on camera now she's making
me do it I'm sorry
oh no of course yeah I always I always
like meeting the nice ones what were you
gonna say huh
what were you gonna say
she was pretty actually you know what
every every everyone that's a come up to
us today has been like not the typical
way you would think of youtuber know
we're down there we've been today was a
bigger day than normal
dan I was like five or six times and
yeah it wasn't like twelve-year-old
girls whenever I'm with a lot of the
other troopers it's like swarms of like
twelve-year-old girls that I'm like oh
my god um you know what I'm not gonna
even finish that sentence because it's
gonna come out wrong and then someone's
gonna cut it and then that's gonna sound
even worse but uh yeah
everyone was like eighteen or older and
just like super calm and like yeah this
way it works okay so many elevator it's
7:00 7:30 Monday morning I have to leave
in two and a half three hours and I have
to push out a plug the interview with
Matt Lucas Michael Sheen and a PBS show
oh oh oh in three hours because um we're
going to San Francisco to have a little
conversation with the people of the
lovely people there at YouTube and a lot
of other people it's fun I'll have this
white balance room but it doesn't matter
yeah it's gonna be interesting hopefully
it works
no long-winded speech love you a long
time and something to think about what
other cool new features would you like
on YouTube and it's like the new channel
page or a bunch of other stuff what
would you change okay
