Oh bidding for no reason um sorry I
noticed in my blogs that I sometimes
just walk for no reason I'm like why
don't I just stand still maybe that'll
be a good idea but um yeah today is a
saturday at a saturday right now and my
weekends are kind of the opposite of
everyone else's weekends like during the
week i work i do something fun because
of these vlogs or just even before we
started recording and then like the
weekends I'm just like okay let's stop
let's stop doing stuff so I'll just
usually like stay on my roof for a big
part of the day play video games just
chill but um today I wanted to do
something different you know for the
battle against boredom day five I said
it was day five yesterday but it wasn't
today is day five who knows who knew who
does words it's coming out of my mouth
not properly but anyway um my new thing
of the day is going to be bumpin up home
something I haven't done since I was ten
how do I did that I mean that's what my
own comic books tony was nice enough to
to lend me the first six comics of
kick-ass um I'm gonna go hit up the
comic book store I think I believe
there's one close by I'm a google it and
yeah just having a lazy Saturday it's a
good saturday cuz lazy equals good
unless it's a woman because wit lazy
women what's the deal lazy winner what's
the deal lazy women
so um google has led me astray they've
brought me to a bookstore with where
words are the majority of these books
and that doesn't work for my new thing
of the day so we're gonna have to find a
comic book store me it is Sunday morning
I am I forgot to film a bunch of stuff
oh oh and if you're wanting was I noises
I was just about to do dishes yes I do
dishes who imagined i know i always joke
i'm like women's judo is being in the
kitchen that's sexism is a joke you know
it's joke i used to relate to people who
are sexist and sexism has i think its
place like college and in a workplace
from the pay of men and women nothing
today I'm cleaning the dishes because
I'm not an asshole all the time plus Q
time it right your girlfriend will think
you're awesome Sally for the door to
come back
oh there we go that is how you do it I'm
so yes I am I spent my battle against
boredom day doing something that I never
do and I enjoyed it i was reading comics
um my favorite still are probably kick
ass was a really fun read and lock and
he was pretty good i went through who
read watchmen again and there was hush
Batman Batman hush hush by Batman Batman
something with those words if you search
it it exists and um I had fun I haven't
done that in a while and I guess with
this being the lazy weekends vlogs
against boredom let me know what comics
you like and future comics I should read
comics I should stay away from but uh it
was a fun read um yeah I haven't I
haven't read graphic novels or comics in
a super long time and I only read
regular novels on like a on and off
basis really depends on my mood but uh
yeah it was it was fun it's um 12
minutes until nine and I'm gonna throw
this in but I did want to give you um
you lovely vlog Watchers you you lovely
lovely daily vlog Watchers a sneak clip
of one of the interviews I had within
this one's actually with Matt Lucas and
Michael Sheen probably my favorite any
interview my funniest interview and
here's just a clip before we got started
Oh lovely yes I'm YouTube shy yes yes
very nice very on the front of your
computer it's the same as your soup yes
that's its fancy okay great great you're
not looking at pole no not as long not
yet that's at four minutes driving it's
five an interview girlfriend uh yes I
said oh I've got porn behind you that
great isn't it something to focus on
other my face
so Allison wonder like sorry go on the
interviews will be a Monday and
Wednesday so I look forward to them and
okay I gotta I gotta gotta gotta gotta
gotta gotta gotta go and stuff and words
oh man this vlog short after these these
10 minute vlogs anyway I'm going to go
touch myself to inappropriate things
like ice cream and pictures of people
failing at things yeah
you
