Oh what is it what is it why do you look
like a wiener dog so we spent the entire
day looking for clothes to fit my my big
ass I have a very wide shoulders and a
Santa Clause ish belly so it's hard it's
hard to find clothes that fit me because
I finally find something that fits my
shoulders and then the next thing it's
like no it doesn't fit anywhere else but
we found something and that's not
exciting I know
we are headed to a press screening of
Alice in Wonderland's we are running
late because of this traffic yeah
there's a magic castle yeah yeah just
explain that explain that one more time
working a little bit okay so what this
is awesome
are you nervous about doing interviews
tomorrow
LoZ yeah nervous to do some interviews
like I do I do the Internet okay these
people are like yeah let's do an
internet thing I guess I don't know what
that is that sweeter yeah let's do that
is the whip any size care to see this
like guys lookout just said Twitter
so Lauren across the street so we just
got out of Alice in Wonderland
I think legally I'm not supposed to talk
about what I thought about it and so for
25th but yeah I would definitely say
it's it's definitely a movie with Johnny
Depp and Anne Hathaway and I think
that's the best way to describe it I'm
gonna be here terrified out of my mind
because I'm gonna be doing something
live in front of I don't know how many
people so something live yeah this is
this is oh yeah only a million people
know there's would be like seven people
seven people are going to be watching so
this is actually the Hot Topic they were
tweaking out
yeah Tommy happy man
so what is the name what are you doing
why are you here everybody what's up
Manny on the streets on Air with Ryan
Seacrest Morning Show every single day I
went to poinsettias with them wonderland
fanfare bit geez look at me I'm nervous
right now little girl
oh no we're walking around I was trying
to walk off some nerves people here I'm
lazy
I'm going to I'll do that
my name is Aaron and I am Aaron I'm here
with my friend seems like I'm some sound
difficulties though we're gonna work it
out alright is our last stop is a skinny
divorce you're going through divorce
what is love
oh that wasn't good oh hello we are
we're home
that was a drastic cut you're like oh
it's a crazy party why are we in Phil
DeFranco house so I'm about to edit this
video down but yeah I just wanted to
talk to you about j5 will day four and
five day four was the previous video and
we went to the theater in which we
talked about yesterday's video you can
check that out I put up the annotations
above in every video so you can navigate
easier but um the interview is the
interviews were fun it was they were so
fun like I got to interview Matt Lucas
Michael Sheen Michael Sheen fantastic
and frost versed Nixon Matt Lucas I saw
a few episodes of Little Britain funny
funny guy he's even funnier in person
he's like kind of throws you off but
he's he's super funny then of course the
beautiful Anne Hathway and Helena and
then there was Mia everyone was awesome
everyone was really really awesome and
Mia was actually she was adorable
because she was so spiked so terrified
like because I guess just because she
just got like thrust in it into the like
this world and she's like this this
beautiful cute girl and she's just she
was just like she looks so nervous and
so I thought that was the most endearing
but everyone was a really fun and I
think I think they were thrown off
they're like you don't look professional
at all what are you here for but those
were fun and then of course the live
thing well I think was weird because for
the first hour my earpiece wasn't
working which you might have you might
see in the editing and so they'd cut to
me and I wouldn't know I was on until
some dudes like starting to wave his
hands he's like oh wait you are on and
then I see myself on the camera or on
the big screen and then there's like
this delay and I'm like what's hey doing
stuff ah
so the first hour was super awkward and
then they finally got it working which
you might even seen the other thing too
and and then everything was fine
everything was great it was
time my buddies Dave days and mystery
guitar man came out well Joe came out
for a different reason it was it was a
really it was a really fun time in the
future will I do more live stuff not not
really maybe who knows I felt a little a
little more comfortable afterwards it
was kind of like the first time you have
sex it was it was embarrassing it was
awkward no not for you and for me it was
embarrassing awkward I wanted to leave
right after cuz I was like no but then
you know the more the more you did it
the better it got right no no one can
relate to anything I'm saying anymore
okay but interviewing celebrities and
people who make movies and video games
yes I love doing that it was very it was
very interesting to meet them and to get
my questions answered and yes so that
that's gonna hopefully show up on Philip
DeFranco show and I like totally awesome
this Monday or Wednesday but we'll see
and of course because YouTube is
glitched yesterday check out the the the
philip defranco show and the the LT a
video that went out yesterday links in
the sidebar is always wait that way or
under there or over here or over here I
don't know okay I'm gonna go go I can't
do it sorry did this I can never be in
your acapella group
