why is this video so low-quality just a
quick thing to the people that watch any
of videos on YouTube or just
specifically in my videos in the first
two to three hours of videos up I'm just
going to explain the video looks like
crap because YouTube wants to get you
the content as fast as possible and then
worries about the quality afterwards
which makes sense and it's great for me
because like the Philip DeFranco show it
doesn't matter if you can see me that
well it's just me talk about stuff but I
just thought I'd let you guys know that
but today is now it's the morning of
Friday this Thursday I did a bunch of
stuff I don't have my camera so I can't
show you know I don't actually have the
footage for anything I did Thursday
because the camera is out being used for
an LT a video and should be brought to
me in like an hour but I'm not gonna
have enough time to do everything so I'm
just going to include the footage from
Thursday into tomorrow's video day 3
battle against boredom thing was
actually to go to a press screening of a
movie may before its release which is
pretty cool because it's just myself
other critics people that won contests
and people that made the movie you'll
see all the footage tomorrow along with
the day for new thing of the day we went
to the press spring at the El Capitan
which I had never been to that theater
is gorgeous and I hate it because I
can't actually show you what the inside
looks like because they confiscated my
camera that I tried to sneak in but
something really cool that I wanted to
talk to you guys about is that I'm
hosting this Friday right now it's a day
the the Alice in Wonderland ultimate fan
event well I'm not hosting it I'm part
of it's a it's gonna be like Manny on
the streets from 102.7
my cell phone be in the crowd talking to
a fans of Alice in Wonderland I can't
stress this is enough I am NOT being
paid to push for you to watch this but I
thought it would be really cool if you
guys that aren't in the LA area you can
watch it I'll put a link in the sidebar
it starts at 5:00 Pacific Standard Time
or you can just go to the page refresh
it when it starts and then you're like
oh there's a bunch of stuff going on oh
and there's fail acting awkward on
camera okay put something super cool
okay if you're in the LA area and
you are a huge fan of Alice in
Wonderland if you if you dress up in
like a Alice in Wonderland
esque outfit ladies you could even wear
a corset and just like put white powder
on your face I feel like that's the
white queen I'm gonna be able to give
really cool stuff to fans so if you come
I can give you a wristband and I can't
tell you what it does but I can tell you
that it's really really friggin awesome
and I was gonna kind of wait for it to
be a surprise my day for thing of the
day is that I'm going to be hosting the
event obviously which I'm just telling
you and I also get to before that whole
event happens get to interview some of
the cast from Alice in Wonderland the
Tim Burton and Johnny Depp or to be
determined but I think that pretty much
just means no no youtuber no you don't I
actually think they're just really
really slammed we do get to interview
some really awesome people people
definitely on the list are me of a she
copes qey Anne Hathaway Helena Bonham
Carter Matt Lucas and Michael Sheen I
already have an idea of what I kind of
want to ask these actors but let me know
what you would ask them whether it's all
the actors or specific actors a question
would you want them to answer usually
better to keep it about the movie but
it'd be cool because then I can ask them
a question from the defranco nation and
if I seem kind of excited I am because
no one ever asked me to do these sort of
things like even even at YouTube like
they remember they never asked me to
like help with YouTube live I got on
like I got there on my girlfriends
ticket and I don't know it's really
exciting because it's like oh you can do
this you're you're special enough even
though I'm not and I'm really excited
but honestly more than excited I'm
terrified because you know I can be as
big as I am on YouTube right that's like
that's like being like oh I'm the
biggest person and Texa Meza North
Carolina I don't know if that place
exists but if it does it's still
probably like 20 people like this show I
completely control it like I'm like oh I
said that stupid let me go back and try
it 80 times but you know this is this is
live this is more like buck Hollywood
territory mr. Michael Buckley he could
do it 20 times better than me but I'm
gonna go out there I'm gonna try my best
so we give it 110% you know you know I'm
gonna play there for the team it's all
about the team effort no no don't use
sport references
but I'm gonna go out and I'm gonna I'm
gonna try and have fun um if I make an
ass of myself I know that I still have
uh you love early people and if I don't
make an ass of myself I still have you
love early people you're awesome nation
sir if you're close in the LA area I say
coming up come on down dressed up would
be better if not that's cool too I'm
just gonna be a roll around the crowd my
peoples and yeah if you see me the
secret word scrumdiddlyumptious that way
you can be like hey Phil I'm a member of
the Franco nation without like screaming
like okay well I'm gonna go get a hot
dog now scrumdiddlyumptious and yeah I
uh I think I'll be cool to meet viewers
of the show and whatnot and of course if
you want all the informations gonna be
in the sidebar in sidebar and sidebar
and also there's gonna be a new poster
Franco show today I hit my hand just now
and a review of shutter island' yes a
review of shutter island' with random
people at going to the midnight showing
along with a few youtubers you can check
all the links in the sidebar if they're
not updated those videos have them
posted yet and just check out those
channel subscribe it'll pop up in your
box
but guys I'm gonna go um keep reading
these points I'm nervous I got a a lot
of stuff to do today but um you know
it's awesome
um and it's just another fun thing even
though I probably don't say it every day
I love you guys I'm gonna go read the
script where I tell you to buy stuff
from Hot Topic eighty different times
I'll see you guys later
