it's a beautiful bastions he'll be
having a fantastic Thursday welcome back
to the defranco book club brought to you
by audible those of you that are new
here once a month we the beautiful
bastards of the nation choose and go
through a book there's go to audible.com
slash Philly the link is right there top
of the description month one we did
World War Z this month we have ready
player one Mike with everything we do
this is more than just a show it is a
conversation on top of reading and
listening the monthly book and go to
DeFranco book club calm there you can
actually submit a video to be on this
show you can submit your reviews your
reactions will put them out there I'll
respond it's a good time with that said
let's jump into ready player one ready
player one I think the best way to
describe it is an eighty smorgasbord
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory matrix
mix my clicker review of this is I liked
it a lot I highly recommend it but I did
have some problems with it you got a
lovable underdog displaced Wade watts
his parents are dead like Batman he
lives with an evil relative like he's
Harry Potter like the book doesn't even
give you a moment where it's like oh he
has a real-life friend it's one of the
first moments his aunt and her boyfriend
steal from him but even his escape kind
of sucks like in the real world things
are whore he's living in a trailer stack
as an energy crisis world's gone to shit
and his escape is to just be a poor
person in a video game essentially
surrounded by people with bad ass
impossible in the real world stuff and
he's got like a what a level-one sword
but he possesses something that only
every person reading this both possesses
untapped potential that no one else can
see but we know the whole purpose of the
book is that there is this prize this
Easter egg that needs to be discovered
brief simplified summary of the
situation the guy who created the Oasis
he'd be put in like a secret game a
secret Easter egg hunt into this grand
creation he dies he lets the world know
what he did and says hey the first
person that finds out you now own the
Chocolate Factory in the Oasis no one's
able to figure it out for years and
years and years until Wade Watts figures
it out and that is where we're gonna
start getting into spoiler territory
because that's my that's won first place
I'm a little frustrated the entire world
over no one sees the most obvious clue
that's like it's in the book it's
literally a line that describes the
creator of the Oasis as a man who left
high school and found fame and fortune
that perfectly describes were the first
cave is that leads to everything else
whatever yeah for years and years no one
figures
but kid does the big main evil bad
corporation ioi they have the manpower
they have the money they have the
everything scholars who have studied the
80s for years and years because this is
just this they lay on the 80s a lot
holiday the guy who made the Oasis
infatuated with the 80s so now everyone
has to be infatuated by the 80 granted
if you're gonna have to be infatuated
with a decade 80 is pretty great but
Iowa the evil corporation have done so
much research on on holiday you don't
put this together okay fine I'm not
trying to shit on the book once again I
very much enjoyed it and there are there
are moments I think that we need to just
suspend disbelief sometimes the
unexpected happens but from the cave on
the adventure continues and I won't I
don't want to spoil the rest of it so
then let's talk about characters which I
very much enjoy because the whole
situation is this very weird mishmash of
hey we're kind of friends and we're
doing the same thing and we like each
other but also we are 100% competitors
literally the only reason we're not
competitors 100 percent of the time is
raging teenage hormones
Wade's like I should be spending time on
trying to win the prize and save the
world and win money but also this girl's
giving me some attention I did like the
mirroring of the love triangles that'll
make sense the people over at the book
sorrento and i oh i play the perfect bad
guy 100% understand his background his
intention which is actually the only
other reason that the high five will
work together because i√∂i is literally
killing people another fascinating
character was OGG the co-founder of the
oasis his character also kind of doesn't
make sense to in how they made the oasis
he's very anti io i anti corporation
anti big guy versus little guy the oasis
he essentially has superpowers that he
uses to protect two of our main
characters I guess powers that literally
one move he killed hundreds of enemies
without hurting anyone that he didn't
want to hurt so that of course brings up
the question why was he not always doing
that the argument there is that he
didn't want to interfere with the big
grand contest but by doing anything he's
going against that and at times it feels
like he's inserted into situations to
make these seemingly impossible possible
also as far as the world the universe
and I mean that in the book not in the
Oasis I loved it very much felt like the
next step of entertainment and news it
kind of feels like the next evolution of
what's happening now where you're seeing
online creators things that are online
seeping into the mainstream seeping into
TV we already see right now massive fan
followings for East Fork
they're literally gonna have an eSports
Arena in LA soon so if the technology
like the Oasis could really get there oh
my god yes this is a reality which by
the way if in the real world VR ever got
this good like Oasis good 80% of people
just no longer going outside done I
imagine that the world would actually
look like a far worse place and already
described in the book overall with this
book like I said I recommend it I give
this if I had to give it a score I'd say
like we're out of five I really enjoyed
the adventure following the story and
then I of course had problem but even
with those problems then I feel kind of
like an asshole cuz I'm like I'm arguing
about the likelihood of something
happening in a ridiculous world that
said I highly recommend it and I really
hope I really hope the movie kind of
does it justice but I said let's see
what the defranco book club had to say
Wil Wheaton is bloody amazing narrated
in this book and Ernest Cline fantastic
writing and actually that's one of the
most fantastic things about this book
will Wheaton does a fantastic job
obviously when you're reading a book
yourself you have the voice in your head
you're building the world you're so and
it comes to audiobooks the narrator can
sometimes just by themselves make it or
break it Wil Wheaton it is it is
fantastic to have him here he does such
a good job but I really liked about the
book was it's question of what is real
how the author went about it was just
not to ask not to say hey what is real
what is reality what counts as being
real they just kind of let you figure it
out through the characters I feel like
that's a fantastic point and something
to hit on because we've talked about it
in many different ways but perception is
reality when we have this character
whose whole life has essentially been
living in the Oasis where they learned
where they made their friends where they
were someone special wait at one point
gets top-end gear where it just it
everything is as real as it possibly can
be but then at the end he kisses a girl
and he's like nah don't wait no offence
I give you a week everyone needs a
little escape but it does raise a really
good question of okay if that's real
that's fine but R is that bad because
you are hiding from real life but it
does bring up that question I'd love to
know your thoughts if someone is happy
with this fake world or how wait
describes it his self-made prison should
that be looked down upon rather than
that person than just living in the
miserable real world and then there was
the nostalgia of everything I remember
all this whenever I was growing up the
Easter eggs and looking through programs
line after line after line looking for
stuff and I absolutely adore
yeah and I think that's something that's
special both about about the story the
journey that they have to go on and even
the times like the 80s the 90s by having
access to so much so much I feel like
mystery is lost on us if we stay talking
about video games there's like no secret
whatsoever with video games anymore you
can just go like hey what's what are the
secrets of this video game there's a
hundred twelve Easter eggs in this game
and here's how you get in all the
specific things a lot of the times the
people that even put the game out put
out a special book so you can find those
things you don't get that mystery that
sense of oh my god I found something
that maybe no one else really knew was
there that was definitely something it
made me think of right from the
beginning when he explained what they
were part of me went I get it and like
honestly I probably would have been a
sixer cuz I know for a fact that I would
not be able to do this contest so why
wouldn't someone such as myself if I had
a family with kids to feed in this
desolate world why wouldn't I take such
a secure job as that I think that it's
been five years they're never gonna find
the a so as far as I'm concerned I could
have this job for life and it sounded
pretty sweet health benefits place to
live steady salary if I want to provide
for my family why wouldn't I do that it
just makes sense yeah especially with
how they describe the world how there's
like there's a two-year wait list to be
able to get a job at like McDonald's if
a giant company was like hey you kind of
know about the 80s do you want a job yes
yes please
wayde's kind of punk rocks hair down the
mainstream honestly I don't know how
many people are so true to their
convictions that when when ioi is like
hey parsable come work for us well yeah
we'll give you a we'll give you 50
million credits whatever you get
everything you've ever wanted or you
could just you know risk it all I don't
know many people that would actually go
for it but that's those are the heroes
that we look to in movies people who do
the otherwise irrational a lot of
people's you know they talk a big game
who went the opportunity is right in
front of them where those convictions go
also the interesting theme of appearance
in the story just like you know modern
world people make avatars or Photoshop
their appearance to make them look like
well what they want to appear it's an
interesting topic because is it being
dishonest if you create a avatar that
doesn't look like you you would think no
generally but there are some situations
where he sort of questioned the
Pikul or moral solidity of that
statement weenus one is it being
misleading I mean to a certain point
I mean regarding h avatar versus person
they were in real life I mean you you
have to give them a pass even when they
signed up for school they had a fake
address they were probably scared of
being caught making your character look
different than yourself having a secret
identity that was safety but in general
when it comes to avatars are being
online I think a lot of people are just
looking for escapist being either a more
perfect version of themselves or
allowing someone to be something
completely different there was this one
conversation that I really liked between
Wade and Artemis and it was this
conversation of you don't really know me
all we have here is raw uncut
personality I like your personality
which Artemis responds no you only know
the parts of me that I share with you
and while that's a true statement it's
also kind of a stupid statement that's
that's every relationship effort you are
who you are when you first meet someone
and then you you slowly open up and you
you lower your shield you let them in a
little more and then a little more time
passes and then they know even more
about you you're good you're bad that's
just relationships finally to close us
out here are everyone's quickie reviews
Ali favorite all-time part and bit of
this book are the number of eighties
references overall fantastic book
awesome book can't wait for the next one
to be finished a book at probably about
three days it was that good I could not
stop listening to it I could definitely
say after listening to this audio book I
am a thousand times more excited for the
movie coming out what they're not like
honestly very believable very engaging
that's actually where we're gonna end it
today I want to thank everyone that was
a part of it again this month and even
if you didn't submit for this month I'd
love to know your thoughts and those
comments down below that said if you
want to join in for next month here is
how it works there's go to audible.com
slash Philly the link is right there top
of the description sign up and audible
gives you a free audiobook with a 30 day
trial membership before your free
audiobook pick Sleeping Beauty's which
is the book that we are going to be
doing next month this month a lot of
people are calling for it a bunch of
people are saying we want something new
so boom easy Stephen King is the author
of it and Sleeping Beauty's is his
newest book that's just coming out now
I'm not know that's where we're gonna
end today's video I want to thank you
for another fantastic month I look
forward to the next book club that's it
of course as always my name is philip
defranco you've just been phill'd xin i
love yo faces and i'll see you next time
Artemis is dope AF like literally the
dopest chick ever in AI row
wish I could be her like if the Oasis
was real you sure would use it and you
can see yourself getting addicted to it
like help the majority of people in the
world had that last battle scene it was
amazing I mean it was incredible hey
Phil and the rest of you beautiful
bastards out there cunt that's not
coffee by the way
