they're all liars there's no such thing
as ghosts no I I don't believe in ghosts
I believe shit happens I've never I've
never I've never experienced it
firsthand and all those stupid shows on
TV like oh and you see there's there's
heat where there should be no heat like
no what are you talking about there was
nothing there or it's like someone's
like I heard a girl movie so we're going
to the hotel right and we're like ha ha
it's not haunted but then it turns out
wrong it is haunted and then sorry Sam
you have to die first and then Tony you
have to die I'm sorry you have to but
you have to say something like funny as
you die and then you get to capitated
and then Sarah will sprain her ankle and
I'll try and save her right but then
I'll get killed because of her and then
she'll somehow get away why is that fair
that's not fair what is what is the the
helpless one please this is cool do a
new thing every day
day two we're going to Hotel Queen Mary
which is actually a hotel and a haunted
place at the same time I'm interested I
don't think I'll be scared but we'll say
that by Eric if you listen you can hear
wait where are you going okay that's
kind of creepy
I'm not going okay I'll go oh fuck that
dude that's a drop that's a huge drop
what's in there it's Emily if you die
Tony no one will know
oh my god that's insulation
now it's a lot less creepy
see
really
there they go after you
mmm-hmm give me water guys don't oh my
god oh my god yes so uh now we're now
we're at the PO yeah
now we're at the place we're supposed to
be I like how like I turn on the camera
Nelson I'm like freaked out by the words
save written on a wall
I think we should come back at night
when no one's here oh we kept trying to
ditch the tour and so but there was this
like strange dude who works here kept
like following us as a cat leaving but
really you're not supposed to do that
what do you think I wouldn't personally
recommend it but Anna I might I might go
to another haunted thing before after
this yeah I don't know this was this was
my first wasn't impressed queen mary
half Miss Julie
she's half mast we're going to hit this
and then they were never seen again
until after Jenna
oh geez oh my god honey I was thinking
about that oh my god Tony
I think I think I'm gonna have to break
my own rule of posting stuff that you
shouldn't but it's whooping DirecTV
never mind go back up what we've already
done the cooler you said there's someone
coming
you know close up
certain
yeah no well if we got anything we at
least creeped Sara Ella and you know
what I feel like that's a successful day
that's what that's why we don't reenact
shit people got hurt
oh no the escalators broke as the ghost
really quick question what other haunted
places do you recommend and once again
keep giving us ideas for a new stuff to
do because we've been looking through
the comments we got like three things at
least that we're gonna do and we're
gonna put like the comment there for me
actually do that and we live to do
something another day in our battle
against boredom this is the only place I
can get light we're back home no ghosts
no creepiness
yeah all right so I'm gonna go hang out
and do lame stuff
and not touch myself I promise I promise
Jesus I know you're watching all the
time oh hello there interwebs
it is almost 9 o'clock so we're gonna
have to cut it down like a ninja with
scissor hands like if Edward
Scissorhands was a ninja apparently that
would be like this in the next video of
course is gonna be day 3 it's Sarah's
day it's her idea and we already have
Friday's new things set up which is
gonna be kind of cool hopefully I can
get my camera everywhere that we're
gonna do it it's gonna be fun
and tomorrow may include viewer mail and
actually go to my bail box right now and
also keep in mind through the modern
warfare 2 video that I said was going to
be up yesterday didn't because I did the
thing today and so we're just we're
getting scheduling confused but I want I
want to stick with these vlogs so I
chose the vlog over and shipping out the
modern warfare 2 thing anyway did you
like how it looked like I had a black
lipstick when I walked out of the the
ships awesome thanks white balance woo
okay I'm gonna go and keep in mind
something it's important and you
shouldn't forget it but you already have
