that was will OTC Heath my favorite
person on the planet by puppies by mu
you have 10 seconds to comply oh you
have nine seconds to comply you have
seven seconds to comply so we're driving
and I want to put up the window so I'm
scream I'm sorry I should be screaming
but um today is day one of what we hope
to become a normal thing which is to try
and do something new every day whether
it's something amazing or something just
slightly a little better off than
mundane today we we start out with guns
because really the only guns I've ever
shot where Josh a shotgun and handgun so
never try and Rob shit he will kill you
let's he just informed me oh yeah your
boobs are in that shot so you guys
didn't even pay attention way to be
perverts
Los Angeles gun club maybe so um we're
gonna I guess we're gonna try and shoot
some guns I haven't done this before
who's done this before anyone Oh
apparently everyone except me and
lindsey so i'd go for one of these
revolvers right here I prefer the longer
6-inch barrel or the regular sized
orange barrels I'll go longer on world
and nothing I'm site big said I'll take
that that's my first my first couple
rounds and these
oh yeah so what are we doing down here
we all knows from video games there you
go vampire robot Nazis her also zombies
beware you're cute I'm wearing these to
work that was awesome shall rue best
first two thing everyday day ever so far
which is today best gun probably e to
the shotgun whoa
the Magnum oh yeah that's paparazzi Kim
one day that's gonna happen sorry bout
twelve timeouts well
I'm making my own pasta what's up guys
whoo it is wednesday morning just went
out for a nice little runny run and I'm
feeling good I feel like it's either I
feel like I had like this new lease on
life I'm doing something new every day
you just saw we shot guns not a big deal
to a lot of people kind of a big deal to
me I was a very sheltered child not like
creepy like in the basement shelter but
like growing up I had I live with my mom
and I had all these rules where I was
like you have to be home at eight I'm
like I'm a junior in high school you're
gonna do drugs and all it did was it
made me wait till I went to college to
do all these bad things and then I just
like I did all those bad things and I
burnt out in a year and I was like well
I guess that's not for me little did I
know I was wrong I'm sorry but uh whoo I
feel good and you might notice that vlog
was pretty long yesterday I got my my
buddy sama to start um editing those
down because I'm trying to do all these
things to give myself more time for the
philip defranco show which i think i'm
gonna change the name of and I think you
know I'm eventually gonna regret it and
it's probably all the illicit drugs i'm
on right now but i kind of want to bring
it back to four to five days a week it's
a news show it's a new show three days a
week doesn't make sense if i had like a
clip show like maybe like a ray william
johnson are like a sketch show like
shane dawson it makes sense but I report
the news and I react I kind of want to i
miss talking everyone every day and i
don't know i think some people have seen
that I'm just you know generally happy
some people some people hate my friends
or the people that I'm working with but
uh I love them honestly I feel like I'm
surrounding myself with fun people smart
people there's still a little in front
of the camera but you know what I'm I'm
happy with what I'm doing maybe not i'm
growing but i'm just i'm gaining new
opportunities and
I just I have to figure a way to do it
where I continue hat having like this
good feeling this euphoria and you know
i'm still doing a good job I don't know
my mind's my mind's racing I just whoo
that was a good run main thing gang um i
won I was very bad with math yesterday
according to the comments I said one
plus one girl equals three girls but you
know what I kinda wish was true kind of
will do another thing a viewer mail I'll
try and do it tomorrow I'll try and get
to the mailbox today and um what else
what else gang what else get why am i
calling you gang like we're in the
fucking 80s like hey gang let's go to
the movie is in the malt shop did it
dude is that the 80s I don't know I'm uh
I'm old enough but very stupid at the
same time so I'm in my 20s to explain
that anyway I'm uh I'm gonna go transfer
this over so sama can edit down the vlog
and I'm gonna start filling filming
doing the philip defranco show will do
viewer mail tomorrow or the next day and
remember tell me what you thought about
shooting guns what's what's your
favorite gun to shoot if you shoot them
what should I do next time they didn't
have automatic weapons I think that's
illegal in California so the next time
maybe we'll go to Nevada but uh and keep
giving me some tips of stuff we're gonna
do i think tomorrow this video for
tomorrow we're gonna do something scary
so we'll see we're taking turns like
yesterday was or this video was my ideas
like shoot guns sarah has an idea that
might might make me end up dressing and
hippie clothes you'll understand if you
see it anyway I'm gonna go love you guys
long time I'm gonna do a kiss even
though let's super get but I want you to
know I love you with my penis which is
love but it's just dirty love ya
