they don't like that i'm using the
camera again what are you doing huh
what's that LinkedIn massively
multiplayer online all right GV RGB
that's a that's how I produce like
totally awesome man i can't wait to play
the next massively multiplayer role
gaming player experience on the PS eight
I think that would probably that's going
to be exciting nice with a dice it's
it's it's on it's on a board game it's
such a baking sheet coating my sister me
because you almost took your pants off
and brother lick it lick lick I love us
honestly it's not let's go hip-hop way I
don't know my junk look at my video
sorry Zack now we go to the target why
do I do that voice and we're going to
target cuz we need things and stuff what
we need what we need
we need things and stuff so we're gonna
go get those and hopefully someone
doesn't get raped this time Tony guys
he's this way so fill this just like go
karting but it doesn't hurt your back
Sarah can I get her to work that's
probably can't be good you know it's a
game that will probably be fun sweet
through stuff its own center aisle aisle
soccer okay you like these these moves
huh wait does that count I was so scared
right now Oh handball wait but we're
goalie so which I oh there's Tony Tony
what do you do shopping who's that for
oh this yeah it's sexy on you so Sarah
knows her place the floor it's a sexism
joke
but seriously i will yeah after she
makes sandwiches it is to abominations
and one it is an ed hardy smart car I
don't know how it doesn't just explode
and douchebaggery he's like oh hey
what's up just need a California ID a 12
bucks and then like five bucks trend
each gun in the realms and 12 bucks a
box for box grounds and yeah so I'm back
home and nice essentially done waiting
for my laptop to get a charge at all but
um yeah I had a good fun day I'm of
doing nothing special but we do have
this new idea of trying to do something
new every day I think I might have
already said in this video I don't know
but tomorrow we're going to try first
thing and that is going to be going to a
gun range and shooting some guns stuff
and Eaton Place jerky and kill endure
the only time I've actually ever shot a
gun was um anyway can't talk about that
that's awkward Oh witness protection not
really um but yeah I'm tired Lindsay's
watching the bachelor I'm watching shows
that have plot and are less fake and
yeah I guess we'll uh we'll see how that
goes I'm gonna go do this go sleep I'll
see you now oh hello interwebs it is the
morning time on tuesday sorry I just
almost killed you my mistake it's very
hard being a blogger sometimes just walk
into people and the walls cars leave a
look at you strange and they giggle
it's not because a cute flavors like we
came up early makes me feel better like
today i woke up at seven thirty and
that's still it's still not early enough
i like i like my head when i wake up at
six like the sun's just barely maybe
starting to think about coming out
because then i feel like i can get shit
done so i was thinking about the word
successful or just success or suck
course but mainly successful and what
would all that entails because I think I
think everyone's definition is a little
different like some of its like family
happiness family members money how much
vagina or penis you are in taking or
partaking in I don't know what I'm
talking about but um I don't know I
don't know what my idea of happiness is
I think I think it goes into the tale of
two fills category there's part of me
that's luck I want to win all the money
and then when I die bury me with all the
money and set it on fire and then the
part of me is just like I just might
have a good time guess I don't know I
don't know which one will prevail but
more and more these days I don't even
have even seem to care about success I
think it's just having new experiences
and doing them with people I like
friends maybe even family and I think
that's why I'm gonna start doing this
thing that we're gonna do I guess you'll
start seeing in tomorrow's video where I
want to do not just a a 365 plug I don't
want to do that I want I want to do
something different every day we were
talking about it before what I want to
do it I think I think we'll do it it's
almost nine o'clock this blog is gonna
be over soon which you should be able to
tell down below in the YouTube player
but i think tomorrow we're gonna shoot
some guns gonna film it there'll be the
first thing and we're gonna try
something new and so down in the
comments below or maybe in a video or
something like that give me an idea for
something new and don't don't say three
chicks because it's like I have a girl
friends and some of you would be like
yeah that's one girl already you only
need one more girl okay I'm gonna
I'm gonna go uh run this out because I'm
about done with my coffee I know
caffeine you're a bad person fit line
now I know I'm gonna get love you guys a
long time and give you some ideas right
