oh no you're gonna talk wait you would
be talking to she doesn't get how it
works now I can't be a ventriloquist oh
wait I've made one of these vlogs in a
while because I've been so busy with
like really boring stuff unless I was
gonna make a vlog like I'm going to this
meeting in this meeting in the meeting
and it's pretty much why anyone works
right they they work and bust their ass
so eventually they don't have to most
people do it in a scale of like when I'm
60 but I'm like when I'm 34 because I
had that mindset because of my PKD but
so I've been busting my ass lately and
it's been fun not complaining in any way
we're doing a bunch of fun stuff or
getting to interview the cast of Alice
in Wonderland I think in a week or two I
forgot the date at the 18th or 19th and
we get to see the see the premiere and
so we're gonna be reviewing stuff and
then like we're talking to a bunch of
companies one of them is playboy and
we're gonna do some really fun stuff
with them and I'm just I kinda got you
know just tired of just like talking to
the camera and the same old thing and I
like doing that I enjoy doing that but I
was like I wanna you know I want to
bring it up I want to do something a
little different and that's why you know
working with people no no it's fun in
general rather than just like what's
going on another other channels and
other things such as and or Africa
America China me I don't know I'm just
I'm feeling feeling battery and I've
been taking better care of myself and
doing what I want to even though it
might not be the the smart decision
money wise not to say that Mike's just
like I'm with what's burn this but
you know like you know doing things that
I enjoy and not just being like a
money-hungry prick just just a
happy-go-lucky brick and yeah I don't
know if you want to keep up with me and
have a conversation with me I'm kinda
almost I'm almost over like Twitter and
Facebook i'm loving i'm loving i don't
know if anyone else is doing this google
is where it like we can we can deal with
each other through gmail and buzz and if
you have no idea what I'm talking about
just like go into Google and you'll
figure out what buzzes but if you want
to interact with me on google buzz I'll
include a link in the sidebar to my
google profile and you can follow me
there and pretty much I just do the
equivalent of tweeting and then i can
continue having a conversation with
everyone that follows me I don't know
it's it's so much fun I don't know if
anyone else is buzzing I don't like the
verbiage though I don't know but um yeah
i wouldst wanted to say hey I haven't
done a vlog in a while and i don't know
i'm i'm happy and you know there's
nothing wrong with making a happy blog
once in a while i'll go back to being
depressed and emotional and deep very
very soon not really i don't know
