oh hey guys this morning was a
difference I had a lunch with my buddy
because we're uh talking about a bit of
enough stuff you gotta stay busy because
all these other youtubers have their
secret projects to take over the world
and Here I am just one guy thinking I
can take it over by myself silly man
anyway we um we went to the beach
because why not
we're like we were two blocks away for
breakfast and we saw this kinda crazy
lady it's kind of crazy lady and I was
like okay just laughs walk away like you
normally do but my buddy Tony got a
great idea he's like why don't why don't
I act like some paparazzi or weird dude
with a camera
either way essentially the same and he
filmed her and it's kind of funny here
check it out
you're so rad
you're still hot I got a fever alone
thinking this could be amazing
we should start a DeFranco nation random
people paparazzi when you see someone
crazy or weird you take a picture or a
video with your iPhone camera your
camera on you and then you send it in we
can all enjoy the craziness together now
keep in mind random people may attack
you but I'm gonna sit but I set up a
special email that you can mail these
videos and it'd be perfect so we can
make fun of random people family your
friends and even more random people and
who knows if we get enough entries then
maybe we could have like a best of the
month and they get a prize or something
I don't know but this is we should just
do it for fun keep in mind I'm not
responsible for anything bad that
happens to you or anything in any way
because you were doing this out of your
own free will
just don't harass people uh yeah what do
you guys like when I do that that's
weird anyway
