haha he's like he's like a little gay
little gay dad I just finished recording
my review for mass spec to that should
probably be up wednesday or friday
depending on what we put up next on LTA
but anyway it's so weird little things
make me think about little things for
example in mass effect to your team that
you bring along on your missions affect
whether you're going to actually survive
that scenario so or whether a scenario
is easier or difficult it's pretty much
true for everything the people in your
life are usually more or less than you
for every different characteristic for
example someone's in niceness someone's
either more nice less nice sometimes
equally nice and sometimes you need
someone that is more nice ending on the
situation for example if I ever have an
agent I would want them to be less nice
just a bunch of different
characteristics and I started thinking
that there is one perfect being and it's
the unexpected one and that is a
psychopath a psychopath is very looked
down upon as an illness but if you
really look at it it seems like it's
just an advantage this also kind of
makes me think about episode of house I
know a few people in business that are
like this i'm not talking about the
hypocrites the liars those are there i'm
talking about the Psychopaths maybe it's
a borderline sociopath cuz these people
are characteristic iguanas the ability
to adapt to their surroundings and be
what they need to be so as not to be
destroyed and to succeed I sometimes
wish I was a psychopath to live without
guilt or remorse it seems fantastic I
think the reason I think this is because
I'm a reactor that's my hobby / job I
talk about stuff because I'm reacting to
and it's me speaking from my mind and if
you want to call it my heart but these
Psychopaths are just actors in life they
don't have to react like I do so summary
of this video I wish I was a psychopath
apparently I don't know what I'm talking
about but I did want to go into bompa
bom pom pom pom pom pom you were males
ores and stuff this first one comes from
but but a bone Spencer you can pause if
you want to read it anyway he says we
please make sweet babies with my sister
so that i can say that I'm related to a
DeFranco
she's kind of bitchy but you can bail
the fuck out as soon as she's pregnant I
don't care Wow Spencer that's weird but
so here's a picture of you that's wait
waiting for auto focus there is there's
Spencer and there's a sister you know
what your sisters actually I'm kind of
cute but I am in the process of
impregnating my girlfriend slowly
through birth control if it happens then
yay if not then it did its job that mean
I was Joseph as I don't you spelled your
last name wrong and by that i mean the
patent it's a bad thing as you he drew
me a vampire robot not see who is also a
zombie in case you were wondering that's
what they look like and then there's on
some sketches this is new schedule wow
you guys like to draw pictures this one
comes from Sophie and Sophie drew me a
picture too and it's actually it looks
and actually it looks pretty accurate
for the plan um there I am in the center
Katy Perry by my side of course then of
course you have a vampire robot Nazis
over here oh and then there's raptor
jesus raining down sandwiches and robot
now see sharks you guys have a way more
active imagination than myself and that
was just a few of them of course i read
all your mail that you send in and of
course there's always a possibility it
might end up in the blog so this has
been a really random vlogs I don't know
if I really actually want to be a
psychopath I like my emotions it make me
realize i'm not a robot then again being
a robot would be pretty fucking sweet
let me know where you stand unless
you're a psychopath and then you're
figuring out what's the best possible
answer which is probably no i don't know
why i would be a psychopath that would
be crazy back away slowly back away
slowly oh my god check out the other
videos the film DeFranco show was
awesome
