what's up gang it's Saturday its 1030 in
the am and my back hurts like a bitch I
went go karting I wasn't able to film
anything because too much driving and
Lindsay was ignoring us because she
hates go-karts last time we went go
karting she at one of these places where
it's high speed she just stopped she
just feels like no I'm John I hate this
because people were having a pastor
because she was like scared to drift
around corners and stuff um so she
doesn't cart with us and we get we get
stuck in this Wolf Pack this this group
of five carts that are just like not
doing your thing so you gotta wait for
the sharp curve they usually go a little
wide I go I go in someone has the same
idea fucking like t-bones me and then I
knocked me into someone else and but
that was really that was the only race
that I got fourth place or worse the
others I got first first second i'm a
big fan of karting so i'm sore and I'm
old and dying and there's that and then
of course there's um this morning
Lindsey informed me that we're getting
maids for my house and I had to let
Lindsay no I'm I think I'm a chef away
and maybe a yoga instructor away from
not eating a relationship I thought that
was funny but she didn't and she heard
my back some more not in the good way
though we have we had different
childhoods growing up I am I was pretty
I was actually I was pretty privileged
so I here until I was like six and then
like my family like lost all their money
and there was divorces and was like hey
this is a whose is a fun fact I am
trailer trash I used to live in a live
in a single wide oh yeah what's up
asheville north carolina what trailer
trash yeah i lived in a trailer actually
I prefer kind of preferred it I
sometimes don't know what to do with the
space we have then again Lindsay finds
all sorts of stuff to do with my space
and my money and my time and lots of
stuff so there's that it's good but
Lindsay comes from a
more privileged family in life and no no
I used to I used to kind of hold it
against her but I think I think it makes
us two separate things like good and
crazy and that's always a good thing to
throw together it's like pasta salad you
know you wouldn't think that it would be
good at first but it turns out to be
pretty delicious even though sometimes
you even olive you didn't want to email
lipsy throw away the olive and I'm kind
of and I'm kind of against the rich I
don't know if I've ever said this I've
Barry against people with money I don't
trust anyone that makes more money than
me it's something my dad always told me
he's like never trust someone that makes
more money than you I never trust
someone that makes no money pretty much
just don't trust anyone he told me to
just like built he's like be China be
China you know for a while and then
eventually somehow you'll grow to be a
global power by fucking a lot
essentially just do that but I feel like
it's the bad in life that makes a lot of
the strong people strong I mean if you
have to overcome something if
something's always handed to you you
know you can you can be really good at
it but you're not gonna have that that
fire that someone of someone that never
had it I mean yeah that goes for
everything that goes for business that
goes for even fucking YouTube the the
little guy like striving to be big I
mean that's that's how I felt a long
time ago I was like I'm gonna beat
boheme and her neto and then I fucking
past them and then they disappeared no
was luck I'm the king of the Internet
until that happens to me police think
that you just have to be on that the
other side of the fence the other side
of the tracks the other side of the ice
cream shop the other side of something
it goes back to that thing that I would
trust someone that's been to the bad
dirty disgusting bottom right and came
back up then then someone that is holier
than valve because I see that and I see
something that cannot be and I see that
and I see something that knows better
now I think it goes back to what we
talked about yesterday with change it's
all how you deal with it how you recover
from it just some Saturday food for
thoughts have you guys have a good
weekends I'm gonna hopefully finish mass
effect two so I can review it on Monday
I don't want to get anyone excited but
the philip defranco show might go back
to monday to thursday in two weeks we'll
see we'll see internets okay love you
guys long time
you
