oh hello vloggers this is the the
vlogedy if you're here on accident go to
youtube.com slash sxephil because that's
where the normal stuff is this is this
is just my regular vlog where I talk
about random stuff that pumps into my
mind and today one of the things that
popped into my mind I was having a
conversation with my buddy last night
he's also in new media or new media
YouTube
he's on YouTube and he was saying that
it kind of sucks because our days our
emotions are swayed by 12 year old 14
year old boys leaving mean comments on
YouTube which on a bad day I'll be
honest on a bad day it can like cuz I
legit look through the comments so if I
post a bad video right and it's just
like fuck you I hate this guy sucks dick
and blah blah I'm like okay whatever but
if it's like blah boy like me it's like
almost they know me they're like I bet
he has issues with this thing and that
number like how did you know how did he
know Charlie and that's people that put
themselves out there you know I can get
90% great comments like oh you're the
best thanks for doing this and I love
those emails and I love those comments
but then you see someone that like just
gets under your skin and you're like
fuck why do I do this and then you
realize oh because the other 90% and I
started looking at the insight of where
you can see the demographics of everyone
that watches your video and the Philip
DeFranco show is like 68 percent male
breast female and that's it's because
it's like okay it's a dude's show it's
like oh god news chicks that are hot and
then the rest are just like chicks that
have daddy issues that like you know
Franco do you say yeah why are you so
mean to women it makes me hot then the
vlog is actually pretty split I think it
might actually have swayed more towards
female like why is he the way he is
let's let's check the vlog and then of
course there's like totally awesome
which is like 86% male 14 2:35 male and
I thought that was perfect because it
justifies my point
that dudes never grow up they don't okay
they say boy guy dude I like how that's
the evolution that that's how people
grow up because all that really happens
is
you're a kid then you learn to have sex
then you learn to fuck there was a two
separate things and you get better two
ways that's essentially it I used to
think I was bipolar because I'd go from
like oh I'm really horny so I'm really
angry so I'm really happy and then I
realize no I'm not bipolar I'm just a
dude or a dude that's bipolar it's
definite think about and I also get the
question like Phil how did you find
something that you loved and you turned
it into a job um you know I kind of fell
into this but this is this is not it for
me I mean if this is it for me then kill
me in two years I still don't know what
I want to do with my life I don't I
really don't I think I think this is a
stepping off point or something to grow
but I think that you always got to keep
changing up I mean if you don't change
it what you do unless like you're a
doctor that's boring that's really
boring I mean I'm all about constant
change I haven't lived in the same place
for more than a year and a half two
years and what 15 years I love change
because I get very complacent and very
bored and I guess I guess that's kind of
how I feel about change and I know a lot
of people are afraid of change you know
they they dig a hole they get rude and
they're like this is it
this is normal this is good but I don't
know then again I'm not the most stable
person I think one of the reasons I like
change is that I'm inherently a bridge
burner
burn lots of bridges business people
friends a lot of people and I don't like
it but I guess the one thing about
burning bridges you can always try and
build them again I don't know but I do
know that I actually prefer just
rambling but you guys rather than just
showing you like me driving go-karts
which I'm gonna do tonight that's a goal
that'll get me don't get my head
straight but guys let me know where you
stand on change growing complacent and
all that jazz food for thoughts oh and
after this video click on one of these
buttons and check out my other new
videos today
