we can't help that uh I just was a four
or five games in this one they were
shooting some sort of fantasy movie over
there and they have a Lamborghini and
it's serious but no the thing that threw
me off though is I don't know if it's
like an independent because like there
was nothing it was nothing blocking the
actors from people and have you heard if
you know anything about normal people is
that they are terrifying see well he's
not really a good example oh what's up
you just got the camera max max nice to
meet you don't know my name do you know
I'll give you two guesses huh
I'll give you two guesses I'm just
trying to share a sunset like surreal
right now
the only reason you should continue is
if you want me to having a good center
like OMG bull cut fill is back so that
was the Santa Monica Pier I usually go
there to put air hockey if you watch
these gloves you know that I love air
hockey and I'm really good unless I go
against someone else that's really good
and then I suck air hockey is just one
of those like wait so the only thing
that needs to be strong are my eyes and
my wrists perfect born has set me up to
be a great air hockey player but today's
been a really chill day I don't have a
video to do today been playing a little
Mass Effect 2 gonna throw up a review
sometime this week on like totally
awesome this morning I woke up at like 6
got to the DMV and actually you know
what had the least painful DMV
experience of my entire life I now have
California driver's license kind of they
gave me a piece of paper they sent it to
you in the mail people in the United
States this is the first time they've
mailed it to me afterwards don't you
normally just get it printed oh no
that's weird
oh you can probably see a little in the
background I am changed up fill EDTV
this lighting is ridiculous look at that
it looks like I ate Cheetos and then
rubbed it all over my face
you
