Vicki well it's official till its
national no pants today
you like that so far I know that you're
like actual Italian and I'm Italian that
God bleech barely resembles anything
until I know that my hand move it's my
nose but I always maintain eye contact I
see your eyes glimpse dad every now and
then curiosity you can't oh yeah it's no
pants they just refill I'm just going no
pants in honor of you know the streamys
tonight and you are doing your thing did
everyone say this is okay or is this
like borderline like 80% approval oh
good I'll contact the lawyer yes where
do you thought spelling today feeling
good you feeling confident I'm hopeful
if we win it's it's a hard-fought one I
thought a main headache was gonna be the
try guys cuz they're so massive mm-hmm
in the Dunn's of being with the sugar
pine seven honestly like if we did lose
to anyone I'm okay with that because
like they're over there getting fucking
tattoos and shaving their heads props to
them let make a good stuff over that I
enjoyed I think it's great they're great
because I think most their fans are good
but in the past day I've been made aware
of how well they're passionate man the
passion of Adam I'd vote for them but I
don't want get fired so well then you
played the worst game ever because I
think your tweet has the most tweets out
of everything we've ever single handedly
all depends well now I was going to say
that if you deleted the tweet that we
lose 45 what if I sabotage it Phil what
if something hits me up he's like hey I
need a job we'll see either way like as
far as content goes I think they're
putting out a really interesting product
yeah that's right I'm how they entertain
and I didn't notice your eyes keep down
a couple times so it's okay I understand
all right also we'll check in later with
Randy right Randy's coming by I hope he
has two pants for me maybe I don't
hey guys how are you doing looks great
looks great
a little breezy in here huh thanks buddy
don't skip leg day oh yeah right that's
the real reason my thighs like Brian uh
after-effects my legs make him look
muscly yeah so what are you guys working
on should I keep my distance or you come
for like we're working on baby calves
we're working on secret projects there's
some more secret projects there great
we're just trying to forget the proper
tone cool
all right well people working on the
secret projects think about that job can
we turn up the heat a little bit
hey I mean if you're down
I approve a star approves I mean filming
you do that little creature oh man this
is really happening
how many retweets am I getting for this
oh oh it looks folder when I focus on
you taking the pants off was a little
awkward together you want to join it no
you want to take a stroll around the
office yeah all right exactly thank you
for your service thank you hell yeah
maybe I'll come back later and you'll
still deep pantsless Hey ladies how are
you today it's official no pants they
working on okay mainly how I'm gonna get
you some pants I guess I should ask
everybody I did okay with me not wearing
any pants of it what are you working on
the patreon stuff yes always patreon
stuff making sure everything's right
we've got a town hall coming up
hell yeah I'm excited too I just want to
show we can talk for 30 seconds and just
not acknowledge the tiara this is our
Queen room I love that every room just
has a whole different vibe do it this
would be the new fishbowl room remember
Phil is our fishbowl room you ruined it
for Christie what you brought back bad
memories so we should name the rooms
right oh yeah I like that which we named
them after yeah
like the wheel of John Mayer anything
that keeps people from actual work of
those tips there's no pants rhyme about
you how you think about no pants do you
think about no pants day you know I have
this discussion like what's the
difference between a guy wearing short
shorts to work and a girl wearing a
low-cut shirt what's so wrong with
titties if they weren't super sexualized
like people don't look at your legs and
like damn like I'm gonna fuck Joe right
now there is how you doing Andy a little
breezy yeah I'm trying not to look no
pants day for me Randy why in
celebration of fill in the streamys
you've probably seen a lot of guys with
their pants off right oh yeah
Dustin big men's locker room today it's
a small men's locker room we're talking
about my no pants today
he's notice Lorraine is used to it it's
a suit man ok ready to come in the inner
sanctum here tell me how are you feeling
I'm good I'm nervous the word we're
going for it's very hard-fought and
gotta look good
win or lose hey just so you know when we
put the video up there are a lot of
people that agree with you about the
window of life I noticed that I know
brandy was in there under like 50 names
you were leaving those comments smart
enough to today look good yeah I put the
squeeze on your study we did on purpose
yeah he did a purpose it's like this
could have been a little bit of regret
okay so we're gonna get dressed we're
gonna do this whole thing yes sir oh
okay those can take off his pants
I got a lifestyle choice it's just a
true ocean all right Randy's ready he's
ready he's ready zero baby well Hilda
Frank will take it I was looking a dope
maybe somewhere this all yeah I was like
let me see Phil maybe you should make a
debut to the viewers wearing a do this
let's say yeah let's say if you win you
gotta wear the suit for the next show
it's gonna be so sweaty look the next
day I'm gonna try and play it cool but
I'm gonna be like really nervous
well you know what you can do to lessen
the sweat just not wear any pants nobody
will know genius they were talking about
the squares might have been a bold
choice but good yeah you need to put on
pants give them a little extra
inspiration Randy's being my dad
guys you like yeah I'm done for this
Randy any less tips Randy I enjoy
yourself have fun and I hope you win
thank you there you go
uh uh the Randy blessing Oh screaming Oh
what happened buddy thanks garbage now
yeah we lost sugar pine seven I think we
might even haven't even set it before
the streamys if we lost to them
completely fine it's a lose worth
winning to lose what the fuck does that
even mean uh losing is actually it's not
a bad thing I thought you might say
losing is half the battle one of the
reasons why I said like I would only be
okay with losing to them is in a way
it's it's a win for a lot of the
disenfranchised sourcefed folks that
that kind of like went to suppiy after
after the shutdown that's awesome plus
they're doing really interesting stuff
there's no reason to be salty about a
loss yeah hit and then we just get back
to work it's fine yeah it's fine the
only thing the only reason I feel bad is
design know the shit out of you guys
it's Rigo week and you know what I think
just for fun we should do even the stuff
that we didn't hit the retweets on yeah
let's do it let's just fucking do it
yeah let's do it let's do for the people
the people wearing the same stuff from
last night no no this is just the time
well it was a good loss I think it was a
good loss I like what do we do we learn
something about ourselves yeah blues
leagues half the battle shittiest
episode of gij good point I love my team
I'm excited to work my team I'm excited
for for all the people that have been
supporting us and sometimes you just
take the losses the losses make the
other successes feel even better the
losses are wins though especially
because it sound like we lost and it's
like well there's half our funding one
criticism I had it was actually the
audience the streamys Jon Cozart I don't
know how it came off on on camera
because the audience wasn't on board
with a lot of stuff Jon Cozart roasted
motherfuckers left and right and it was
so funny and there were so many people
in that room that were not willing to
laugh at themselves or know their
friends that was the thing that was
disappoint Jon Cozart you beautiful
bastard I just want you to know that you
were
I just wanna throw that out there dirty
jokes of you there's a lot look come on
I've been me for 31 years I know
everything you can say about some of the
writers are watching this right now for
next I think they should rename the
Streamy Awards to the steamy Awards
sometimes it gets kind of hot in there
you know I think I'm dragging this
conversation I think we should end it I
think that I think you ended it
hey Briana good bouzouki the sister yeah
yeah if you do feel schedule I like to
Kosala oh I want to be you for the day
yo where are your pants no pants day I
took them up please my seat I think I'm
sweating I'm sweating you see a little
bit
