oh hi looks like I have a very messed up
bowl cut
so I'm sitting down just before I do the
Philip DeFranco show and yeah a lot of
people wonder Phil are you naked no a
lot of people don't wonder that but to
inform you I wear I usually wear a
decent dress shirt and then rather than
wearing pants usually end up wearing
shorts I don't want to show you my legs
they're very pasty and hairy actually
they're not that hairy if my legs are
less hairy than Robin Williams knuckles
so we're good it's a beautiful Monday
except for the fact that my Jets lost
there you go go into the comments dude
do it makes you feel better about your
life do it it hurts but I actually you
know what if there's one thing I'll say
is that you know what the Jets didn't
lose because they missed like a field
goal and that's that's that's an
accomplishment for any Jets fan you're
like okay we didn't lose because our
field goal kicker missed five field
goals I'm fine with that
Colts are a great team and it'll be
interesting New Orleans rich the Colts I
don't know who's gonna win that I think
I think the UH the Saints are back
maybe maybe feel a little bad for Favre
poor Fabray but anyway people that don't
watch sports like why is Cara Lee I
don't want everyone watching this right
now furious
they're just furious about life please
shit was gonna be like super and we have
some really cool stuff we're gonna do a
review of Mass Effect 2 we got that
early in the mail might do another video
game review I'm like totally awesome
there's some fun stuff on LTA some fun
stuff on the show I know it's it's a
good week you might be able to tell I'm
pretty I'm pretty good today despite my
bowl cut I'll put some gel in it to the
ladies how you doing two ladies that
watch my show mm-hmm mm-hmm that doing
it for you no okay but a lot of people
ask me about the future of YouTube
and you know I've been asked this but
for two or three years surprisingly
we've been on the site that long and
surprisingly we haven't died like 98% of
the people along with us us once again
I'm saying we and shit that I haven't
died yet somehow surprisingly and I
think the future of YouTube is
essentially what the Internet is treated
is kind of how cable was treated when it
first started up yeah you know he had
like ABC NBC you know you had your
staples and then you know a Comedy
Central II oh that came along people
like who is gonna who's gonna fucking
pay for extra channels oh my god they do
and what's cool is that we're we're kind
of respected in the same light people
like ah no no okay maybe maybe we'll
throw some money at it oh my god people
actually watch this shit thanks slowly
every day the Internet is becoming that
thing which is weird because a lot of
people all of a sudden get these these
ideas in their heads like I'm gonna be
internet famous and then I'm gonna be a
movie star okay do that Lucas I mean I
love that I love the French show right
no I don't I'm just lying blatantly to
you but a lot of people wanna I want to
use the internet thing to go on to a
dying media and I say fuck that that's
stupid my idea my dream is that anytime
I'm on TV
it just pushes back to the internet a
lot of people are like wow you could you
could have this show no they're not like
you're untalented you piece of shit I've
been offered shows on very bad networks
oh they probably want their brats
watching this right now networks that I
wouldn't deal with and I you know I just
I think I think the Internet's the
future personally I try not like my
personal vlogs and my Philip DeFranco
show I try not to think of it as a
business I still think of it as like my
hobby LTA is my business right LCA is my
business I'm like oh I'm doing important
things and stuff but then my show I'm
like fuck that shit blondes are sluts
and liberal bla bla bla bla
blondes aren't sluts okay they are I
don't know I'm gonna have fun with it I
think
Internet is the future and the future is
now I'm just rambling but we'll see I'll
have a heroin habit by that time I guess
let me know do you guys still do you
guys still watch a lot of TV what do you
watch cuz i watch i watch like house and
I watch I'm going to start Big Love
stuff like that I don't know this is all
rambling
you
