hello nation ah i am a i'm back home as
you can tell by a drunk monkey friends
back there and I just wanted to say that
I'm good I know that some of you going
to the emails I've gotten are very
worried I'm good at the the whole point
of that video is to go don't hate me for
not making a video for pro but
understand you know I just wasn't able
to make it and so to clarify rumors of
why I was out one it oddly enough wasn't
because I was lazy i am very lazy at
times wasn't the case this time to is of
course fill his kidneys are failing new
kidneys aren't failing three it's caused
by me working out and trying to get
better care of myself no and for it is a
it was a was a kidney stone get missed
Odin I've had one before this one was
just bigger and just needed to get some
pain medication and we're good we're
good now when I say good I mean sore
sore but we're good and uh yeah so thank
you for all the well wishes surprisingly
enough only one percent was luck Billy
fuck ourselves why they're over your
makeup al from ass yeah I'm good and you
know all this experience shows me is
that I haven't been taking really good
care of myself and I just got it I got
really got to push this this whole
better lifestyle thing that I've been
doing slowly we've been losing I've been
losing away I always say we because I'm
fucking crazy and we're gonna we're
going to hit it harder and you know I'm
gonna make the philip defranco show
video or the like totally awesome video
and then and then the rest of it is
gonna be essentially just me breaking
down who I was destroying the old Phil
and getting in shape and yeah I'm just
really excited about it
that I get to do it with you guys and so
like I said if you're if you're going to
be trying this with me a lot I've been
get a lot of messages but not so many
videos if you're doing it with me let me
know let me know you're out there
because otherwise I'm just a dude in a
room talking to myself that's kind of
sad when you think about it anyway I
just wanna let you guys know that I'm
good I know this is so exciting but i
guess i'll see ya see ya tomorrow
