ah look at all the lonely people but it
didn't you sorry I've been listened to
it a lot I've been listening to a lot of
beetles probably you know what probably
my favorite not super number-one hit is
I am the walrus that's probably my
favorite do you guys have a favorite
Beatle son let me know in the comment
the monkey dance um rather than having
just a regular old blog every day where
I go he goes you want an insight in my
life they're fucking is BAM magic I
thought um I would a look through the
the mailbox that you guys have been
sending to if you don't have you address
it's because I haven't shown it in the
past month because um well I won't say
it because it sounds stupid but um yeah
that is that is the address i'll include
it in the other side bar I've lost my
bearings because i'm outside and I
quickly want to to try and thank one
person at least a week for sending me
something and yeah so this one is
actually from it's actually from a lady
how you doing lady a margarita and I
think her username is skull grind grind
I'm really bad at username especially
when they're handwritten but I want to
thank you because this lovely lady sent
me on all these all these up postcards
from Barbados and explained what each
place was and I don't know i think i
might have to do that next time i take
like a week break from the philip
defranco show and everything situated i
might have to i might have to go because
yeah it kind of sold me so thank you and
also i'm wearing this it actually fits
around my fat wrist so thank you for
that thank you very much i love you
nation and I love you margarita I love
you so
can we have any way I also wanted to
start just dedicating part of this vlog
to answering questions so I thought hey
I'll go way back find a question answer
and this is that question from I believe
Anna I know okay fill the question that
I have pertains to the DeFranco nation
yes so I was just wondering what should
our government ID when we take over the
world because you know that everyone not
a part of this beautiful wonderful
nation will eventually all die so what
kind of government is the Franco nation
going to be when we take over in 2012
after the vampire robot Nazis were also
zombie apocalypse well after the
dolphins with laser beams have been
defeated because let's be honest they
will be defeated that is a bird anyway a
tedious I they will be defeated we must
retreat from the sea cuz then vampire
robot not see sharks who have samurai
swords will take over the seas and at
this pivotal moment raptor jesus will
have not come yet but he will that's
when the true fight begins but to answer
your question it is most likely going to
be a dictatorship if that's cool with
you guys wait you guys don't have a vote
it's a dictatorship not really i don't
know i don't know cuz i'm not really not
good with sharing things on my I'm not
good I'm an only child you know I'm not
not the best sharing things you know
what we can we can have a democracy as
all you know as long as I win not really
it would be a democracy somehow you guys
still like me for some reason or hate me
but you come back and really isn't that
what matters no it's not it's to be like
to be in so um send in your text
questions video questions mail via the
mailbox whatever and maybe that's what
we'll do on these wednesdays or we'll
just do it sporadically we'll see and
yeah thank you guys for checking out my
blog and as always we're happy to watch
the new show is they're amazing and
stuff we have an awesome review of heavy
rain which i finally posted yesterday
and it's an HD and it's beautiful and
then of course the new philip defranco
show which is going to be uploaded today
so check that stuff out
