so a rule of the defranco household is
that after I make a video and it's
actually a new rule for massara over
here - because she is the producer on
LTA if you didn't know that and I'm
forcing her to play at least one hour of
video games as well as Tony who's doing
LTS if I know I'm a terrible person
terrible boss play video games you
I know so we're gonna play a little rock
band sort of Beatles
I'm done with the Sun collar spider-man
Oh
going to putt-putt it's poor how did
this happen
there's no time for losers cause we are
the champion of the world
I imagine if I won something important I
would skip while singing that's just me
though oh my god somehow it's travelled
into the past
it is 1973 speaking here we're about to
play some low in the dark
Platte but be excited it comes down to
this settling is one middle ring is to
anywhere else is three okay so if I get
so if I get this Tony doesn't even have
a chance we got a hole-in-one Tony tony
has to get something other than three
bill one-by-one which let me tell you
something he beat my he beat all of us
by life wife 18 last time so a little
little locale snack before I go to bed
it's my not a new favorite it's an old
favorite it doesn't look the best but
it's cottage cheese and blueberries in a
in a nice little coffee cup it's a cup
of goodness yeah so for those of you
that are trying to lose some weight with
me that's uh that's a little it's a
little treat that I give myself when uh
I'm hungry between meals so slow in the
calories it's tasty it's healthy in
general for the most part or whatever I
don't know what do I know what a wine oh
my hair is wet I just realized it's 8:58
and I really want to have this nine
o'clock rule 859 got to talk really fast
today we're gonna we're gonna do some
some weights right we're gonna do some
free weights and still not gonna run
because my legs are pretty much dead
weight and we're gonna we're gonna shoot
an LTA video there's a preview I want to
do for this movie or this movie this
game called heavy rain and you'll
understand why it is called a movie it's
very movie ish it's kind of like a
choose your own adventure book it's
really exciting and in case you missed
the BBS go click on those buttons click
on them click on there's new stuff
probably and if not subscribe I'll be
new
