so it is Sunday and it is the day of
course God made for football and it's
the third quarter of the other dallas
game and I don't know Dallas doesn't
seem like it has a lot of hope Dallas is
the kind of team that throws three
interceptions in the fourth quarter to
give up that kind of lead so I don't
know we'll see i could be wrong but uh
might as well take this kind of
beautiful day and do a little do a
little more working out and stuff and
stuff and thank you to the eighty
percent of you that remain uh what is
the word what is the word not asshole
tastic come into the twenty percent of
you the lock fill your up fatty why do
you like giving me money by watching my
videos so weird so there's a lot of you
know I've been reading uh why now is the
time to crush it by gary vaynerchuk now
in no way in no way is this gonna be
bashing mr. Gary Vaynerchuk because I
think he is a very smart gentleman but
actually I was disappointed with the
book when i looked on more about gary
and just found out that he took this
multi-million dollar business and just
made it even better because i'm still
still looking for the book where it was
someone that had nothing made something
and grew that but I I have yet to find
one at least that relates to the online
world and I don't know because there's
all these like how to become famous and
rich but it's like all it's by like some
dude that doesn't you know he does he
hasn't really achieved success other
than just mooching from successful
people and maybe that's what it takes to
be successful is to mooch but i don't
know i just i was i was looking I was
like oh inspiration no it wasn't i was
very disappointed and so i'm going to
write a book it's gonna be three pages
all of its going to be misspelled and
it's going to cost two hundred dollars
per book so you can steal that up from
the internet
when that comes out do you think I was
too harsh do you think I was too harsh
on Gary is that why you're not talking
to me anymore is that why hmm you know
what we've been friends for a while okay
okay we can't let little things like
let's get between us fine be that way
okay okay so you're taking his side
that's fine that's fine but was gonna go
outside and get some breakfast what it's
raining so we gotta change gots to
change well I have you forsaken me Lord
why can I not have must be egg with a
side of ham breakfast but now I must
trek to start I have to go to Starbucks
um because Lindsay was awake when I uh
when I got back and she was like oh it's
all caramel frappuccino she's actually
taught the cut on him today is miserable
what is this what is this cloud this
Dark Matter blocking the Sun why do I
keep trying to talk like that now I
can't actually complain during my last
video where you guys were like what
there's not five feet of snow on the
ground I always forget that a lot of
people are experiencing what many people
call winter which is a season of the
planet Earth now anyone that lives in
Los Angeles knows that we don't we oh no
I'm becoming one of them that in Los
Angeles are really not seasons it gets
slightly colder the ocean gets colder
around january but really it just rains
more in the winter that's about it and
then of course course earthquakes which
i have not yet to experience but we'll
hopefully we won't experience okay so we
got the coffee i go with unsweetened
coffee lindsay goes with a caramel
frappe because
she doesn't gain weight like I do but uh
you know caffeine's give me a little
boost so we'll see see how that helps
and guys when I go back I'm gonna have
to jump straight in the video making but
I guess my question to you and will act
like this is a you know we can do a
question or survey out of the three
channels that I run do you like the
blogs like totally awesome or the philip
defranco show the most and what do you
like about it or what do you dislike
about something else and if you haven't
checked out the channel check out the
links in the sidebar yeah and stuff and
things but uh huh I'm gonna go oh god I
hope I don't get it by car oh there's a
car you can go didn't go i almost died i
was done blogging in los angeles is
dangerous it also doesn't help that i'm
stupid
