oh hello we were going to runyon canyon
today as part of uh I don't know being
healthier is that why just to get out
more yeah my ankle I rolled it like two
days ago and not rolled and I don't know
I hurt myself because I'm a moron I
landed on it wrong but I'm feeling good
we're gonna hike which is of course a
fancy word for walking uphill and I love
Los Angeles just for the fact that you
walk two miles up a hill I have to drive
an hour together are we done yet this is
crazy I know if you can tell it's very
beautiful it's very nice okay i love it
i love how you can always tell the
progression of how far we've gone based
on my hair dad so that's good times okay
so this is pretty fantastic you owe you
go from all this like mark setting and
then there's this part where you can
just see everything here it is
I know if I video will show it off well
enough but it is it's pretty so you see
the smug when you're like uh okay we're
in Los Angeles but otherwise it's pretty
awesome time to take some steps this is
much steeper than I realized who you got
it babe it doesn't stop guys who so we
made it to the air who we meant to the
top of this one I think if you might
actually be better
the ladies let's that's how you're
actually supposed to dress when you work
out channeling with Olivia newton-john
thanks so I can do this part easy the
downhill downhill it's much easier who
would have thunk it and if I could see I
should just like film get behind me and
they're like comments on them but I
can't I might like the Sun so in my eyes
I can't see anything okay so apparently
we just we just finished our our hike
but apparently they do this what every
day at ten-thirty you said they all go
yoga it's glass of bud can i film you
hello we should uh you guys want to see
me do yoga
you
you
