um so I just like it's got an
interesting email good i got that to get
a head of a locket oh geez so Sarah wise
people pockets why am i why why why why
so okay wait wait wait um Sarah's
Sarah's mom just sent me a facebook
friend request and said that I should
film Sarah doing yoga because that would
make for an interesting blog I don't
think it's just stays in the sitting
position yeah good voice me hey hey oh
my god we did it Wednesday we posted
three different videos there was this
personal vlog the philip defranco show
and a like totally awesome video this
week we actually have five like totally
awesome videos there was the interview
Monday a mod review Tuesday best of CES
Wednesday there's the quad and then
friday i think we have a hands-on with
the nexus so Wow
so now now we have round two kind of
hi-def pornography as place that you
should never really go what's that I
said I think I tied up pornography is
somewhere like no one should ever go
letely agree with you so so sir do you
agree with Phil about the high def
pornography necessarily if I was
important star like I don't want any of
that and I don't think they're pretty
much in HD you wouldn't be down with
pornography HD why i don't know i mean
if you have like a big screen see if i
don't know i think that's terrify us
like Godzilla penis okay so you guys
have the telephone do you want to see
another vlog with Phil running out of
breath or do you want to see another
blog with him blue dancing with the
puppies digital elixir that sounds
pretty good what is it what is what's in
it it's a fresh ginger soda oh I heard
it's really good for it anyway get with
each other I'm like where'd she go I
think she was like whooping fuck shit a
bad experience with the camera she looks
like che it would be a lot easier
because he looks like somebody gonna
help you possibly have worse intentions
I ok sir yeah so it is aight i woke up
at six thirty so good i took a bath
because my whole body was aching and was
gonna pass on the running but even even
though everything hurts we gotta run but
I can't bring you with me because I'm
gonna bring this guy and he's gonna be
my friends and he's going to help me not
pass out and then I have my ipod and the
other hand because that's the number
you'll see at the end where it shows you
like how long you been runnin runnin
calories blah blabbity blabbity blah so
yeah instead of just bringing you along
every time i'll just show those to you
at the end and you should if ya if you
haven't started you should start fatty
or if you're not fat and stop judging me
because i'm fat not fatty um I gotta run
and then we got a meeting but that will
be after nine so we'll see how that goes
tomorrow it also is like
it also totally like I'm not going to
talk about this okay so where it's it's
past nine I'm breaking my own rule but I
need a closing I we're about to go to a
meeting and needy meeting is so fun yeah
I haven't eaten today but I did look
right somewhere i'm gonna put i'm gonna
put the image somewhere we ran this
morning once again two minutes prints
and eight minute walks because we're
still fat we're still fast but uh that's
like i like that i have like a boo and
laugh track and like like and that's
what she said laughter ax and that's
what she said hate is who what why
aren't you clicking on these buttons
they're so pretty and they lead you to
beautiful magical places
