baby how is your question looks like i'm
in the red light district yes like I'm a
prostitute is that as I'm a prostitute's
do you know the window baby they know
you look like one of those things i have
at the used cars you know things are
played in flip the super inflatable but
it went Wow family guy wait wait does
anyone know who does anyone know what
I'm talking about I hope you know I god
oh you gotta love the custom plates oh
hey there we're just going out to dinner
I like your custom plate well it's not
actually custom well she just gave away
my license plates luckily I cut that out
um I like it the parking garage opens up
to the alley yeah we get to play the I
hope I don't get raped skin it's a very
fun game like but the way you play it is
when you pass someone in the alley you
look and think would they know and okay
so Chris one no I don't think so second
one wait car t I don't know it has
tinted windows positive yeah tinted
windows possibly could rape me or sell
me drugs it's a 50-50 third one um I'm
gonna just zoom yes you know why
what's that cuz the Hat oh yeah maybe um
dan wait next
she's running
um no no maybe maybe take me out to a
dinner I think tell me you tell me if
that I'm a very good rapper and that he
wants to sign me so we are at my
favorite place which is a monsoon cafe
you know what I've realized as I say my
favorite a lot yeah he's not even sure
this is this is one of the places i like
but uh yeah i have a camera in lindsay's
face right now mainly just window air
she doesn't like eating here okay it's
just that all they have that I like at
the fried rice no like feeding my
friends I wanted to go to garlic noodle
place but uh yeah I am a I am a fiend
for sushi
hey baby so a question I saw on a lot of
the videos with me looking how I look
why do you David I paid her to sing that
let's go shopping whoo Oh Barnes & Noble
I used to be right with that guy was hi
hi he was when I was in a college and
trying to figure out a way that I didn't
have to finish med school or even go to
med school I would go to barnes and
noble all the time good morning um I
always of the best hair right after I
wake up mm-hmm so um today since I can
almost barely move my legs uh we're
gonna we're gonna go upstairs and we're
gonna we're gonna use the weights he's
weak yeah I like these because they are
they let me change it from anywhere from
10 50 pounds and you know we have a
bench out there actually scratch that it
is raining I guess we'll do a free
weight stuff inside I shouldn't move
that bench outside I'm feeling a little
stupid well it did it did stop did stop
raining long enough for me to actually
exercise so that's good holding this
camera actually hurts right now just
like I'm supporting it i'm doing a
tripod with my arms but yeah that's it's
nine o'clock which means it is our time
to part internet i'm going to keep
trying to post these these daily vlogs
because i've been able to make these in
like 10 minutes so yeah hopefully you
guys enjoy it and be sure to check out
the new stuff on like totally awesome
and philip defranco show which are going
to be up hopefully right now you should
be able to click at the end right now
you're looking at the links just click
them click the link that you want go to
that video and then the end of that
video you can click
you have a thing that you haven't seen
yet it's a good deal
