good morning buddy hey good morning good
morning interwebs I'm here on a what mmm
venice boulevard oh no i'm at venice
beach and yeah i realized i had an
update you guys and any weight loss
stuff so uh well not updated but uh done
enough and I've been kind of half-assing
it here and they're like oh if I lift my
weights here and there it's gonna help
no it's not um so that I take you along
with me um I'm starting up cardio again
so either I look weird holding a camera
well no there's so many other crazy
people anyway we're just trying to
justify my insanity I'm going to walk
for eight minutes and then run for two
and we'll do this for an hour 30 minutes
one way 31 minutes the other and then
hopefully I'll be close to home so
that's the that's the goal and I'll talk
to you after the two minute run i'll
probably almost be dead lets out of
shape I am Who ok so if you want to
gauge oh god I can't breathe out now one
second okay so um you want to gauge how
out of shape you are first time you're
doing this just see see how you feel
after that initial two minutes I think
right now my body is just confused it's
like okay where the donuts we ran but um
you know well we'll see how it
progresses I can barely breathe I am
really out of shape go crazy ok so I
could just pass in the pier which is
almost it's almost the halfway point
we're almost going to run to halfway and
then we turn around and go wow my hair
is awesome whoo baya right now that
second one honestly near the end I felt
like I needed to throw up so
we'll see we'll see if any fluids leave
my body here on the third run and just
remember if you're doing this that pain
you're feeling if you throw up anything
that's just weakness leaving the body we
can do this hey so I didn't throw up who
at the end of these Sprint's I keep
feeling like I'm about to die but uh you
know like i said it hurts just keep
going I'm like I feel like I'm a hundred
eighty guide I feel like I'm 180 pound
guy lugging around a 250 pound body so
it's got to keep doing that I mean all
you have to do is run I get to look
really strange to all these people oh it
hurts I keep wanting to stop that was
the fifth one we have one more sprint
than we're home we did it
we somehow made at home look it's me in
the backgrounds how odd i'm watching my
own videos i'm actually read in the
comments but um I got home and I can
barely walk right now I am what what I
can barely walk why I can daughter by my
walk not even paying attention man like
whatever fatty but um today is hopefully
the first day of the rest of my life any
day dude no um hopefully we can keep
this going and really it's not about
hope it's about will
yeah I don't know if you want to if you
want to try and do this with me I will
stick to it this time yeah I take that
Shay Carl it's all about Phil you got a
dude forgot the words loss anyway I'm
gonna go take a shower because it's
almost nine and I got a lot of work to
do today and Jenny Jenny tells are just
a camera I just just have the camera
really ah wait a minute how was your
having to run this morning I already did
this well you did so now you have to pan
it to uh to Sarah I don't do in front of
the camera we're gonna make out behind
the camera now all right let's do it
