oh hi there uh I'm just I just got back
into the office I know you're like why
didn't you record all the stuff oh I did
but it's um it's not vlog II stuff it's
like totally awesome stuff and philip
defranco show stuff but that's going to
be coming up in the week to come this
should be a sunday video unless i get
super lazy but i am back and broken out
that always happens during travel oh my
god different bed what no sleep aastra i
break out um but i am i am back and I'm
working I don't know why I pointed the
camera I'm like just so you know this
and this is involving work and things
but i don't know i think the vlog should
show a different side of me and one of
the things i did this morning was uh i
like i like to go out get breakfast
usually i am researching my story since
the weekend i'm not and always bring a
notebook with me and in this notebook i
like to give myself these writing
exercises I'm not an English major I got
my degree in biology I'll never use it
but I've always I've always enjoyed
writing I've just learned that this is
called free riding but this morning I
did this thing where I I give myself
like 20 minutes essentially while I wait
for the food to be made and to come to
me since I'm lazy but they have fifty
percent of meals right it's like a big
meal for five dollars and a TD much and
this morning I decided to write
something called shamed leaders journal
and I wrote it and I usually just keep
it in my notebook right I it's it's not
something I think that I'm good at like
well exceptionally good but you know I
feel like the vlog is for sharing
different sides of me so if you would if
you want to read it or check it out or
any of the
like the super like geeky me writing
sort of stuff that I can't put into
video or you know you can you can check
that out I'm going to put a link in the
description which is either here or down
there or somewhere in the general
vicinity that is not here and or you can
just go to Philly DTV and search for
writing exercise but yeah I hope you owe
you guys like it and we have a lot of
cool stuff coming this week on
youtube.com slash like totally awesome
and youtube.com / x fill in this channel
this is going to be a bunch of cool
stuff and I really hope that you'll
enjoy it so um yeah that was just a
little update um I'm gonna go get my
puppies how many of my paw pius x
