Samantha hates me and Samantha I said hi
Brad I just wanted to show you how
amazing wheels really are and that most
of them don't want to eat you okay Phil
know I've mentioned that thing as a joke
and then you immediately grab the camera
and I know what you're gonna do I know
you're gonna do well your stop saying
that we hit the 40 so we're doing hit
40,000 retweets apparently we're gonna
at some point in a workday creative kick
ball pit that's you you have to handle
the word about you I mean I know you're
gonna secretly off a little bit so
Briana and that's how it's gonna get
done at this point I think you're
talking about winning it's just about
whatever you do to piss you off
that's everything on this channel that's
the reason why certain shirts sold
that's the reason why the person
retweets this is the troll Phil Channel
yeah there's the Philip DeFranco show
and the hey let's fuck with Phil and
watch everyone else have watch it yeah
this is like our opportunity it's like
once a year when the streamers come up
its just fell off here that's that's
what it is so new it's piss Phil off
your new day just so you don't have to
introduce it I came in and said oh wow
someone actually found something more
annoying than any of the shit that
you've actually proposed yet and that's
a certain tweet which I guess we're
gonna put a fucking right here guess 50
thousand retweets philip defranco and or
friends will livestream watching hooking
up the full season that's gonna be
painful for everybody though I don't
want to do it
I was honing my craft and by that I mean
trying to get a free ticket to LA so if
you can if you guys can get it there by
the end of the day ok I will literally
literally do it today here's the thing
I've never actually watched all the way
through I've not no no think I got
through like four episodes and I can't
do it done I have one more proposal if
we get to a hundred thousand let's film
the second season of hooking up stop it
stop it you'll be that you'll be the
principal oh it's like it's
thank you the reboot and fucking
what's-his-face I got is the only person
that comes back all right here we go
Phil another day we're just gonna fuck
around today because it's what I feel
like doing
Wow cuz that's what I want to do and you
can't do anything about it okay that was
very aggressive for Friday morning all
right so uh what are you doing today so
we're finishing out the Friday show and
then we're shooting out the defranco
nation book club
our DeFranco book club calm this month
we did ready player one which was really
good I'm excited to talk about it
someone if you filming that out it's
gonna be out this Thursday because that
was one of the the big notes that people
said they were like we like this but
don't have it replaces the Monday
Wednesday Friday so it's gonna be out
Thursday again a bonus video an extra
video bonus not blowing that explosion
yeah we're gonna do explosion soon all
right where did you have for lunch
well someone who's making a lot of money
right money speaking of money you're
informing me I think we're gonna go
educational route yeah blogs me yeah
Nina's father was scolding her that she
doesn't that's the problem
I blame our parents they don't form the
people of what we should be doing with
our money
you know you know so why is it when I go
to school they make you take fucking
coloring book classes and not finances
you know I know but they're not
requirements right they make me take
fucking history I don't remember any
history tell me we only work with
history so these are retirement age any
other retirement it looks like a 401k
you have a job okay yeah you're sleeping
on this write to those retirement
accounts accept cryptocurrency I'm gonna
laughing at you all what is this
Samantha hates me it Samantha
hi Brianna I just wanted to show you how
amazing wheels really are and that most
of them don't want to eat you literally
there's one kind of fucking killer
there's been no recorded that's by a
wild Orca ever lonely captivity one
don't fun fact fucking blue wheel is the
largest animal fucking ever just we're
gonna do an effect where a whales gonna
come out of the ground and eat you right
now stay still up it's a big truck Zac
we're doing an educational vlog here
what facts do you have the top of your
head that you can share with the people
something educational
do you know anything do you know like
when Stouffer's became a business or
anything
19:22 you're above dick what a century
off decade oh no okay cool thanks it's a
big fact ryan educational vlog coming at
you i know a lot of interesting facts
Geoff alright tell me one jet fuel can't
melt steel beam this is this is
conspiracy I just figured the truth
needs to be known let me tell you about
chemtrails sometimes did you realize
what those chemtrails are doing they're
making us all slightly more adverse to
eating bacon you know what I agree with
that the companies want us to buy more
bacon to eat more bacon
no no they're making us adversity baby I
don't wanna Steve Boros you want it all
for themselves basically if we don't
need it they get more so okay damn it I
misread what you were saying and again
just didn't know what embarrassment yes
here's a fact Brianna didn't refill the
refrigerator brown
the fridge is empty the fridge is empty
there's no the Croix
yeah it's empty Briana am I supposed to
fill it I mean I don't know what drinks
we had you ordered the drinks right
trash that effect we're trying to have
an educational blog here is only an
educational yeah we talked about the
investment accounts talked about Wales
we talked about how 911 is could be the
boring as vlog ever doing Luke we're
doing educational vlog today and some
some facts do you know any good facts
yeah what would sex do you know look at
smile on your face when I was in high
school I had a fax account what does
that mean like I just posted facts that
I found out during the day
oh I thought you meant like you had like
a like a fax machine account how it
affects people Stephanie effect in 1978
The Oval Cardinals were the first
recorded five in 1978 the Louisville
Cardinals were the first recorded high
five that was the instance of thanks for
that fact you know there's a lot more do
you update it often
I stopped updating it okay well that's
pretty much yeah it's just your loss
and that's a fact hey do you have any
facts that you want to share with us
Christine I do oh yeah a viewer sent it
to me today named James
things James so my fact about penguins
is that one isn't they mate for life and
two is they propose to one another by
bringing each other pebbles
what's so cute hey what does a guy named
James you got some pebbles James
so they mate for life can they give you
two other pebbles yeah what fucking
losers alright alright Hillary five
extinction then make love a lot when
they're when they're running low on the
numbers making sure the facts are
accurate and checking these absurd in
the facts checking your Twitter account
that's a fact
learn my lesson how do you not know what
the fucking verse I feel so I feel like
Joe needs some more education so yeah
it's let's boot up Luke sippy dia okay
what are the facts do you know that
could help Joe with his life c-47 around
the office are actually clothespins
they're named that because film execs
couldn't justify buying clothes pins so
they made a fun name for it that execs
so that was I gonna help me do you have
anything for Joe no yellow houses have
more domestic violence because the color
irritates the retina I like how the
least weird thing in the video was Ryan
saying 9/11 was an inside
I love the adversity in this law Brianna
you just forgot to this box that you put
in my desk
that was for me cool great but oh the
flip the fridge that they belong in the
fridge so Brianna
