1 billion - oh hey there Internet
just doing my normal workout is I'm
gonna see the family in a little bit but
um yeah also give me some tips what are
the best workouts you can do with no
equipment and don't say running because
of course running that's stupid
especially up and down the stairs that's
good in nwa and the people that came out
of the west coast and that's what a
rivalry started because the west coast
was saying hey look we living in such
poverty we came up in our role models
would have Panther Party and they
distorted what the party was about all
they wanted to identify with was the
survival violence and that's part of
what America has missed understanding
the necessity for certain kinds of
violence to survive they just the media
just played it up this senseless
violence when in reality when the law
didn't come mm-hmm you had to do what
you had to do to protect your family so
it was survivable violence I talked
about beaten up a good that's happening
sex you very that was oh yeah sick
I want to beat up a girl I don't wanna
bang it into that yes I'd like to get a
credit card
man this cool media grant the real the
best part of HD is HD food this is um
other than the lovely people I'm with
which I will not show on camera because
I'm super protective of my family catch
up that is these Italian meals the big
the big Italian meal and it's not a
salad so we feel good but how the big is
how in me okay
well I'm I go gained three pounds I'll
be back in an hour this is from 1992
when I was 7 and what was it I came in
second place I didn't even come in
second place I came in fourth place but
my sensei gave me a second place trophy
because I was such a sore loser it's
memories now let's throw it away yeah
this is why I had to take karate so on
Facebook I asked you guys to ask me some
questions and there are a few but what's
your motivation talked about a bunch of
this but this one let's see Sam stone or
Bowen wild well it's a long name when do
you and your girlfriend plan on having a
baby um Wow I don't know you just put
the pressure on me why am I so red in
this camera anyway I don't know I think
would be cool to have a baby that that's
and that's why I probably shouldn't have
one is that my definition or my idea of
having a baby is that would be pretty
sweet pretty awesome it means to have a
baby
a little mutant me I'm terrified to have
a girl I really am terrified to have a
baby girl like no one's business I think
it'd be awesome to have a little boy
little
Philip DeFranco the third then that'd be
pretty sweet and you know I don't know I
think I think it would be it's what it's
supposed to be the next step I just have
to make sure I'm there emotionally I
don't want to you know mess up my kid or
bail on on someone that is gonna have to
rely on me yeah I think so
Christina classic ass Phil is there
anything in this world that would stop
you from making these wonderful videos
of yours maybe now I made you think that
enough is enough hope not um so what
would make me quit videos I don't know
even even if I was set if I was laid all
of a sudden boom I came into millions of
millions of dollars that still probably
make videos I maybe would stop you know
talking about some of the things to talk
about which I know boost my views but um
I just I love the connection between
myself and you guys and the conversation
we have even if it's you know you being
a pervert about my girlfriends or we're
talking about Obama or we're talking
about some dude that fucking threw a
firebomb into his girlfriend's house I
got into this because it was a hobby and
if I don't know if I had money I'd still
probably do it yeah I don't know it's
fun so I don't know nothing would
probably make me stuff unless nope still
no nothing I love it too much I hope you
guys are liking these vlogs and if
you're confused you're like where is the
show this is my personal channel he
might have accidentally I subscribed to
it when he subscribed to my show which
is still going on so don't worry but I
mean you won't
