oh well I'd hate travel day okay so
here's what we got we got a buddy last
second going to take care of the dogs
house it pretty much defend the house
from ninjas ninjas ninjas are the one
work ones were worried about not really
pirate so much we could see them coming
but so we're packing the stuff I just
shipped off a last second email because
phil ozz a deadline yay that's why I got
into online video boarding passes are
printed bag is packed I have my keys my
wallet I think I have everything
internet I think I think everything is
had but I don't know because I'm going
out of my fucking mind I heat travels
days travel dairy suck oh I feel better
now I feel better honestly I was raging
for a little bit not so much anymore but
I'm still not going to have a philip
defranco show today I feel like and I
feel like this situation is my life 24 7
I'm busting my ass but I still don't get
everything done man do you guys ever
feel like that her- in this fucking emo
esque fucking boat and fuckin fuckin
travel day so um this is this is why I
check in at home
eight big ones
hey them in standard
plus the airport is a great place to
look really weird holding the camera
right I know it's crazy
but it does not save you from this the
security check oh the security check
hey guys I'm just in this this
wheelchair thing waiting for someone to
pick me up
it's got random stairs from these guys
but uh
rounds
but flights were pretty good and now I'm
just waiting to go to my hotel room
conduct of course the very important
hotel room tests we're all wrong just so
you know you are on my penis right now
how does it feel I know it's not that
special so it just got to the hotel and
there are a few things every vlogger
needs to know when I get to a hotel work
that they have warm lighting that they
have toothpaste and that their beds have
a good bounce to them yes yes they do so
quickly let me answer some things I saw
on the the other blogs and your comments
Phil use be rich no in no way am i rich
it's got a really good deal on my place
philly old girlfriend only with you cuz
you rich when i'm at my girlfriends I
was almost living on the streets no she
had to like something else about me and
I'm not attractive or have a good
personality so think about it Phil what
kind of dogs are those they're not dogs
there Ewoks tell anybody it's night is
going to involve reading a new book by
this dude is probably one of the only a
few guys on the internet that I still
look up to that's a Gary Vaynerchuk and
I think the books called crush it and
trying to sleep this head it off because
it's fucking killing me but I see the
family tomorrow so um yeah and stuff and
things okay bye
