that's how I died
oh so Lindsay where are you going Wow
yeah Wow no just the camera angle you're
like so what do you think about Obama's
policy in Afghanistan stop avoiding the
question are you serious
Lindsay how long you could be gone for
how many days okay it's not full so I
just dropped Lindsay off and these this
is the line there are these lines
everywhere I don't know if she's gonna
make that play that's that's a bit crazy
so I'm gonna be on your show now Betty
can well it was it was meant for the the
mic but it actually goes the opposite
way
yeah oh man you should yeah invest like
10 bucks ago
shut up there's no money you could tell
the world's one thing check out all the
world one okay I probably write it in my
hand and be like mad mad remember that
guy
hey guys I am just on the old laptop
checking out the shoes on the web and
stuff yeah I said shiz take that in 1996
yeah this day I'm just relaxing today
was pretty much a day of bunch of
filming a bunch paperwork bunch of blah
boring shit but then I got to hang out
with a he saw him a second ago like well
and Joe and Chris and went out and we
got some food played some Mario Bros Wii
and now I'm gonna go to sleep and get on
plane tomorrow well I'm excited I know
you're like Phil it's awesome my buddy
is going to house it and take care of
our dogs again thank God and yeah yeah
I'll see on the other side of the
country not I'm not dying yet
I hope oh and Lindsey I love you
