hey buddy hey oh hey what's up
stretch it out stretch it out no good
day kisses causes mmm these puppies are
currently the laziest puppies on the
planet abso I'm home alone kind of like
that movie with Macaulay Culkin except
I'm 24 and I don't live with my parents
but um it's actually nothing like that
movie I'm chilling at home with
apparently the world's gayest - puppies
what are you doing I'm for it if they
want to get married I have no problem
with gay puppy marriage that's what I am
just walking around the house aimlessly
without a goal I need to clean I'm too
tired from being lazy I don't know how
that works but it's true past people
have seen me say oh I'm just on my roof
for blobby blah reason what I mean by
that is I'm I'm at the top level of the
place I I live my my place two stories
and yeah I this is this is it I don't
know you've probably seen in other
videos but a lot of people were asking
about it so there it's my house and it
comes out to here and yeah a nice little
view of the ocean and whatnots but uh
yeah so that's so that's my review what
you guys were sending a message is
saying that you wanted to see it
hopefully not just shocked me please
please don't kill me that put a damper
on my day
the address but it's really
hello interwebs we're chillin here on
the beach looking at the ocean I think I
just showed it to you but I'll show it
to you one mug in its pretty out here
we're chilling out here why oh well I
mean not like for real like for four
days because we're not gonna see each
other for four days over the holidays
I'm gonna see my family she's gonna see
hers and then we'll come back and yell
practice making babies while using
protection yes
