hello we are going through the universal
studios hollywood universal hey sexy we
should have one day away from home okay
yeah I agree and I Gert little bastards
running around
all day
and of course the best thing about
Universal Studios its alliance of the
line
you might recognize it also from Back to
the Future
solutely perfect all we have to do is
keep the Ducks from swimming is moving
shot
today
Oh
so for all Universal Studios was you
know it was fun um it was a good time I
like going on the tours my girlfriend
almost cried when she saw Wisteria Lane
and the mummy ride was pretty cool
personally I would take a day at busch
gardens or any any rollercoaster
oriented theme park / universal studios
but i will say it was cool it was fun
and your eight dollar pizza slice was
delicious universal studios and for
everyone that was like Phil where are
your personal videos well honest to god
I haven't really had much more personal
life with all the work we're trying to
do on all the different channels and
actually bringing on people and we're
gonna actually be picking up this it's
funny to me because I'm just like really
we just incorporated so we're gonna
we're going to start getting interns for
DeFranco inc and people can actually get
college credit and get experience in new
media and stuff it's just it's funny to
me I'm like would you also like to make
something fun your job will sign up mr.
um hey so I've just been busy and I
thought hey why not let's break out the
camera and start giving you a little
insight into my life when they're
actually is life to be seen so I just
want to also say hey to everyone thanks
for watching any of the channels if you
do and yeah i hope i hope you something
something endearing insert that in get
back to me by guess
