we're gonna eat you I'm gonna eat you
yeah score one for mother nature that is
not recyclables oh he's angry because
you're making ready shirts look she's
like why are you get the red one it's
less gay specifically the eye doctor um
I'm blind right now I can't see
apparently have astigmatism that's your
right and left that's an area we would
look you know follow up on more
carefully right here this is called a
window defect you're missing a little
bit of pigment right there it's like a
reverse we're driving in the rain which
is a pretty terrifying in Los Angeles
because no one can no one drives in the
rain here it rains like two times a year
so everyone's going like three miles an
hour and just like you see brake lights
everywhere the rooms look oh my god I
don't even have windshield wipers but
you know fun times you guys but I wanted
to know something where do you think the
worst drivers in the world are okay I
said I said the worst drivers in the
world possibly Florida and maybe maybe
Georgia but a lot of a lot of people
said last time that i mentioned bad
drivers that detroit was bad but i want
to know let me know where the bad
drivers at where the good drivers at
what the fuck was that oh my God look at
random Oh The Advocate e5 car parade why
why
I think it's a good look what's up
snowman snow lady I never know when
you're taking video the thing is so like
Nick you had internets I have discovered
a superpower it is better than
invisibility flights and the ability to
explode just kind of a stupid ability
when you think about it I can make women
take their clothes off with a snap of a
finger you're welcome what do you say
this game is easy for girls talking
about myself use a bad name like I move
so slow
and died at least seven times I'm Jesus
then I come back to life in a bubble
just like or like the poison of us what
do you know what the superpower is oh I
can tell girls take their clothes off
and they do it take it close up I guess
super duty
