so this is a quick video response to
youtubers exposed by chai City now
regardless of this video and the
negative things he has said about me in
lime shows mr. chai City is probably one
of the funniest fucking people on
YouTube realist I'm not going to say
that
no but funniest yes and his ability to
handle the internet audience is
something to be admired because
motherfucker oh my god do a lot of
people believe the bullshit come that
your mouth and you know a lot of it's
true a lot of it is true but when you're
talking about people using everyone that
uses question of the day posts on a
regular basis saying that makes them
fake that is making that makes no sense
posting on a regular basis has existed
ever since there was fucking media if
newspapers came out randomly I wouldn't
know what the fuck was going on I know
that in the morning I can go up to the
newsstand holy shit there's newspaper
right on time I guess that makes me
stupid so I got a scheduling shit that
when I turn on the radio on my oh shit
the MJ morning shows on that shit's not
randomly popping up at 7:00 p.m. and the
question of the day yes is misused by
many a person cuz they see people using
it they're like holy shit that works and
I didn't invent the question of the day
it was invented by the first person who
ever had an opinion one to know other
people's opinions and it has been
bastardized on youtube or you make a
video it's like do you like turkey Chuck
yes or no in the comments below cuz it
helped my video that rhymes okay and
there's a lot of shit that goes down on
YouTube that pisses me off but you
realize that it's part of the game and
you just got to deal with it or
eventually those people will fuck up and
there's a lot of people that gained an
audience doing bad shit whether it was
people spamming people with messages
like hey remember me and subscribe to me
we're like back in the day when people
fluffed their views like SMP films using
a video reloader but it wasn't him it
was a friend doing it another thing that
got me was when chai said he said you
know all these fake motherfuckers but
YouTube needs to feature people like
Charles Trippy and Timothy DeLaGhetto
okay I love those guys but if I don't
see a video that they posted with some
sexy thumbnail titled hot chick does
blabbity blah blah blah
I am shocked and they're playing the
game just like everyone else yes the the
summary of this video is yes it does
annoy me with a shit that goes on with
YouTube is it everyone no but yes it
does annoy me when people cheat for at
least in my eyes cheat like a channel
that gets their videos Auto spotlighted
because there's a dude that works for
YouTube that is invested in that company
the way I've justified it is everything
is kind of
bullshit even you choice City coming off
as the Savior the man showing you what's
behind the curtain while he has an ad
for McDonald's to the right of his video
but shy city I do enjoy your videos even
your white voice sister China City and I
really wish she would post on a regular
basis because those motherfuckers want
to see your videos and to you guys
watching this video if you are one of
those people it's like Phil's fake and
the suspension is doing this if you're
that stupid than just unsubscribe to me
it's hard to do on the Internet but I
would like to minimize the amount of
stupid fucks watching my show or
continue watching me and hating me
because haters pay the bills so that's
just something on my mind
see you next
