that's from the other night when myself
and a few friends went to see the movie
2012 we eat at this brazilian steakhouse
where apparently people dance with
flashing lights something in common with
me I was excited I was like my people
and they were like no why do you know
but then we went and saw the movie um if
you want to see how LTA reviewed that
movie link in the sidebar after this
video but right now I'm just cleaning
the old office and that's okay let's
let's act like that's not a part of the
office otherwise we're pretty clean and
getting that done before I'm gonna go
hang out with Tony and do that while
Lindsay hangs out with her dad who's in
town um me and her dad have a little
history what up face what's up stinky
wait wait wait how about I get the
nickname stinky that's that's bullshit I
don't even stink right this Hill is
kicking my ass that's how I know I'm out
of shape is when the fucking he'll lose
me when we just started are there
Cheetos at the top of this hill
basically this is why we're climbing the
hill shut up at least we went to is the
Griffith Observatory where apparently
they films rebel without a cause with
James Dean which just added to the
awesomeness of the place and then there
was this star projector dome room where
they show you the solar system and the
galaxy is nearly well ok there's
definitely no God
come again
if we tie this will be bad
then we did a bunch of the stuff but it
was born I haven't done a personal video
since I removed the last one which was
where I talked about why I left the
station and really it just started
affecting a lot of the people over there
that i did--like negatively so let's
just say to answer that question in my
part of the station know why the station
just isn't me we'll just say that it's
nice way of saying it i love--she i love
Kassim yeah and hopefully by the end of
this week I will not be crazy anymore
I'm that that's why I just went out and
I did really chill stuff today is
because between launching like totally
awesome and continuing the philip
defranco show i am going out of my mind
but this is a really heavy week in video
games and i'm setting up a bunch of the
people on like totally off somebody able
to be able to make videos a lot of
people are coming over here so um look
forward to stuff on like totally awesome
Philip DeFranco and this one hopefully I
won't die yeah that'd be Ben but I went
to the Griffith Observatory so guys what
is something really nerdy that's not
video games that you like to go out and
do museums etc etc etc etc etta map
adoro I'm going to sleep
