having a great fucking date though yes
sponsor do you want to be a part of the
ridiculously expensive Mudd Club go to
the Franco elite calm and sign up for
the really high tier way to plug
yourself a like that we laughing it I'm
being just incredibly upfront yeah
people sometimes see the mugs and
they're like that's fucking dope and
then I'm like it's not just a mug it's
an experience
okay get access to all early stuff get
the live stream it's not just a month
that's DeFranco lee in general it's not
like the mug does that for you alright
so what the hell is going on today well
we just had a very successful day you
got the streamys coming up yes hopefully
we win who don't want to give another
plug fill both the Franco dot-com if you
want to filter Franco show to win show
the year hit the tweet button it has the
hashtag in there
man is gonna retweet in like a
motherfucking Amanda Amanda wants the
win more than me well after the stream
is I'll tell you a story I don't want to
tell it without okay here okay throw in
this video well Dori no don't promise me
there's any part of a regularly
scheduled video something out we do and
they feel gonna make it look sexy right
we're gonna try to make me look less
garbage I'm actually hooking you up Phil
you are yeah man Randy my boy Randy
young man yours up right yeah he did my
wedding soup they got angry that you did
some breakdancing no actually I changed
the pants and so clear Randy's coming in
my homeboy and he's gonna hook you up we
said we have to pay for them of course
free I got like ten emails from people
that were like we'd be open to setting
you up and also I don't want to be like
who are you wearing well when they ask
you on the red carpet you say I'm
wearing Randy
I'm wearing Randy Randy am I trying to
say Randy as much as possible during
everything come alright though well it's
gonna be a fun day
you like building stuff I do
it's like adult Legos what the hell are
you doing we are building out some desks
for the researchers yeah are you got
that bit of information I want to know
what the hell you're doing I'm mostly
doing the same thing what's new today
everybody let's the clip right there and
I leave thanks for the content wait
you're getting new desk what color do
you hope the desks are black probably no
seat colors know some people be offended
but you come out of a desk
alright cool content think I can exit
now this is beautiful trying to get that
social look at you see it's in the
center you've got the poster over here
you've got that over there Jill doing
his thing it's very easy I needed the
box hands in the center you've got
motion up there like an Instagram model
I knew you're gonna kind of be like what
is she doing better I know
alright well I got my boy Randy here it
always seems so much faker when you how
are you Randy do you want me to film you
and dressing one last year but I don't
know about this year Randy might give
you that special Lutz little special
pizazz anyways you look like you start
selling suits though it's a beautiful
bastard branch well you can do the pinch
type thing like McGregor did the pupil
that is on the line you have some
motivation put a look Randy slim and
sleek young and sexy Randy how long you
been doing this for 40 years 40 years
helping people be their best selves
the pans will step out of the room while
Phil's trying on pants come forward here
better light where are you originally
from born and raised here in Los Angeles
1982 I started my own business selling
men's Italian suit taking it directly to
the consumer
yeah in fashion you need your own
YouTube channel that's what you need
Randy's it suits anybody need a suit
thanks for lunch
it's a subs alright looks like you own a
restaurant a fancy Italian restaurant
fill the Frank guts yeah the Frank let's
see what the rest of the guys think
about to another here's option one
everybody I don't know if I can pull
that off there's always the question of
who's the best person to make a stay
pending what's a statement you want to
make well exactly
I like squares we go on the YouTube
fashion channels and look at all the
men's hip suits one like this would be
there You Know Who am I ask because your
merchandise I don't like it I don't like
them dot alone it's a nice suit but I
think it's a little busy ok so we said
what's that so maybe go a little simpler
yeah I think yeah I said the reason I
asked Christie first I knew she wouldn't
be able to hide it in her face good
fries yeah if she had to lie oh okay
no I think Brandis you are sued every
day yes but I love suits
I feel great wearing a suit fashion is
something you don't worry about fashion
is something you is all about the
feeling that it's all about that feeling
feeling do you like it this one infill I
got up swing ties whichever one you want
do it
I opened the door to Paisley and he's
like here's five Paisley but I bring
Italian fat which is really the leader
in all creative arts they're the leaders
in furniture I'm sure a Ferrari is a
better design than a Ford the ties are
really good at paintings oh no dude
Oh son Randy should have his own YouTube
channel Randy soups you gotta add some
wordplay that would it be make the world
a better looking place oh oh that's
great
I'm liking that's all right Randy any
final fashion tips for the men oh we
always look at this simple as that thank
you so much thank you
already high five yeah bang job buddy
all right have a nice life what'd you
say I asked him if he picked a purple
suit like Donald Glover but usually
people go Donald Glover philip defranco
all right so you got a suit yes I was
the first one that I was thinking and
then I was slowly being lured to a
different design and then that was like
Phil you know you know what you look
like
ya know what you want I think Randy want
me to go bold and it was like I would go
bold if I weighed 40 pounds less that's
the only thing and then the team agreed
which I will say I'm so incredibly
thankful that I'm surrounded by a lot of
people that aren't is going to tell me
that I look good and everything's great
that was a whole different level of I
feel good about people that are around
me oh yeah Phil get Randy hooking it up
you know actually Randy living the dream
reign is YouTube Jim we got a brandies
Rodgers we gotta make the new cool term
for suits yeah Rodgers that's we need
that wordplay ray these Rogers and then
also Phil we get to number one the 15
retweets we're going to Toys R Us baby
an old man's that is the thing I agreed
to so the way that the voting works
right we're gonna have to fight for this
thing until Tuesday to look like to know
and then we could stop asking for all of
this but you guys have made me want this
yeah everyone in the fucking office and
like seeing the support we have online
I'm like we can do this yeah DeFranco
army we can do this yeah
what's fun this is fun you know a little
competition yeah
hey bad ain't bad it's why you sittin on
Native something's gives it there need
nothing Oh
so if you do want to try and help us win
that stream take it home one of the top
links in the description it's gonna take
you to Twitter to a bunch of like
Twitter moments all you got to do is
retweet one of those I don't know I
think it's like it you're able to do it
once a day you just want to knock it out
yeah and not got a bunch of retweets I
would love your face here we're gonna
one no wouldn't we go in Toys R Us after
the stream
okay when we doing the ball pit cuz I
think it's gonna happen I think we
should do it in here they'll do a whole
show your whole show of the ball pit in
your room how about that
I thought all fit was over there yeah
we're some like suit tips you can give
give us the fit is tight as you can
handle it hose you can handle it tight
is you can handle it that's the style
it's very chewed with my wedding day my
pants were tight but I looked sexy and
you felt sex again felt sexy too you're
not gonna put my shoes back on coach
