hey you know a lot of people have been
wondering what I'm gonna be for
halloween i keep getting the question
after i asked you guys what you're gonna
be help for halloween and i thought i'd
show you myself in lindsay's costumes
mine is um is something i don't know
it's a little weird it's uh it looks
like own ominous but it's actually got a
twist internet because I am Obama
nonnamous children today I'm stupid I'm
retarded but more importantly um here's
Lindsay what's up so I'm digging your
outfit I would want to be a pirate yes
and so that's what I'm gonna be for
halloween if you won't have a halloween
costume or you're gonna cord a footage
of you and your friends on Halloween
click the link in a sidebar and put a
video response to that video because I'm
gonna be checking out your guys's
costumes and it might make it on the
show so that's cool and stuff okay I'm
gonna go all kill some babies naughty
