hey Internet I'm just chillin on the old
rx8 here and Maya in my garage I just
got back from brunch and I just about to
make Franco show and I think I myself
Phil there is a second person in you in
your stomach you're fat that's what I'm
trying to say Phil I'm beat around the
bush myself and let's look at myself
will fill you don't do like exact daily
vlogs like 10 minute lungs like everyone
else so maybe you should make it a
mixture of things like behind the scenes
flogged and now I want to I want to do
we cloths diary with you guys and the
reason I'm just doing this is kind of
like an in-between video on the personal
channel is because I wanna I just wanna
I want to do this I really I got excited
about it i was like what if I lost
weight with a lot of other people and
every time I do a personal weight loss
blog you guys with your personal weight
loss blanc as well in response and that
way we could talk about you know what
we're doing how we're doing it but how
hard it is how easy it is what we're
doing it would be fun so if you're in
shape go fuck yourself or you know let
us know how you stay in shape and post a
blog stuff like that because you know I
think a lot of the time we don't talk as
much it's usually one way conversation
and I mean the reason I gotten the whole
YouTube thing was to have conversations
with people and you know weight loss is
a big big struggle for a lot of people
such as myself so you know hopefully you
know we can do it together I'm gonna I'm
gonna go weigh myself and won't you guys
get your camera's ready and come on
let's change let's change you guys doing
yeah but no seriously let's do oh yeah I
love you guys new blog will be up
sometime soon I promise
you
