hey hey not you
hey big bass hey big face
so I'm just doing my taxes so we are
trying to scalp tickets we're about to
see Micra Biglia me me and my buddy here
and lindsay lohan Mike Birbiglia is
hilarious he was awesome live the dude
before him was pretty funny kind of
fizzled out at the end but Mike
Birbiglia awesome
but you didn't answer my tweets so you
lose some cool points not many because I
didn't expect you to but I cried many
tears you guys saw in the last video
we're shooting this big thing called
zombies here's some footage I'm probably
gonna get yelled after showing you
there's a furnace right here
she's just sent us shots McGee over
there it's a hard it's a hard hard life
not really but it's fun I love the
people I'm working with which leads me
to the question of the day what is your
dream job
no his make up names like pussy
inspector those people have degrees so
for those that are wondering I do have
this new setup right here you got the
Mac Pro the screen and then it connects
to the TV that is connected via the Xbox
and the ps3 was in here a little bit ago
I'm recording some footage from
uncharted 2 and brutal legend I hope you
guys having a good one there it is dead
and you I will now teach you all hang on
I shall now teach you a French kissing
