hey hey what are you in my luggage for
well that's not my luggage that that is
bras I don't have that big of Secrets
but um what you doing what you doing
little man huh are you going somewhere
hey was your brother trying to ship you
to Antarctica huh yeah you were required
here oh so uh go into the office for a
table read what's up what city
fill me with that little thing yeah it's
a very good camera feel ashame Laurie we
could do the new show all the all the
shows have to kick to the chip you can
play the video game guys what do you say
but it's not why is my camera steadily
crap yeah
wallet wallet and then everyone's heads
exploded from how else in the story it
was not really but I did come home eat
dinner and started a editing and I
watched some flash-forward fun times and
I want to let you guys know that more
stuff is gonna be coming up on this
channel maybe a little vlog II kind of
stuff like follow me see what I see
stories etc dispersal stuff and should
be fun a little more fun than how I had
a little more fun than I had earlier
today when I came home just to realize
that my girlfriend's bike in my GPS was
stolen so that was awesome thank you for
not breaking my windows when you stole
my GPS I appreciate that thief okay
which leads me the question uh do you
love this man no that's not my question
uh if someone has ever stolen something
from you let me know in a comment or a
video response and let me know what it
was if you found out who it was and such
okay I love you guys a long time and if
you're wondering why the camera's not on
me it's because I have a big old pimple
on my face yay
