ah all the body rubs no better Rob's
look I know no i said no i'm sorry boo
have chaos but chaos internets hey um
youtubers and philly d hers and other
Earth's I don't know what you want to
call yourselves I'm uh I'm in my office
it's 10 33 I'm trying to produce as much
content as possible before I leave
wednesday at six o'clock in the morning
tomorrow I'm gonna wake up and I guess
I'm gonna try and stay up for ever until
six o'clock i fly to New York and then I
get on a plane and I'm supposed to be on
that for nine hours and hopefully I'm
gonna take some sleeping pills to help
with my not going to sleep for a day and
a half and hopefully I'll just wake up
in Spain or will have died but I
wouldn't know if we would have died
because I would have knocked myself out
with medication either way it ends well
so yeah we're going to Spain
specifically Valencia for eight days
eight days I'm so just gonna hang with a
girl friend Charles Trippy le speed see
some stuff have some fun live this weird
life thing and um yeah fun times so why
I'm killing myself right now is I'm
trying to make as many videos as
possible so that i don't have to make
them while i'm flying and while I'm
trying to enjoy myself and I don't want
you guys to be disappointed so that's
what I'm doing that now as you might be
able to see i have a new computer behind
me this is of course the samsung screen
and my new my new baby my new mac pro my
name i throw and the reason we have put
out this big hardware beast in this
office is because we are starting a new
channel that is all about video games
movies possibly ladies that might be
something
I don't know but video games and movies
definitely and so we registered the
website we register the channel name I'm
not giving it out yet but it's gonna be
higher quality and we're gonna have to
push out HD video video capturing video
games cetera etc and that's why we have
this and I'm excited it's gonna be fun
something I enjoy and it's not going to
be like um BBK or the DeFranco updated
that just kind of died and sizzled out
it just there wasn't really a purpose
for those and this is a completely
different beast that won't just be me so
I'm excited about that and we're gonna
get that started when i get back from
Spain probably that channel will launch
around the same time as modern warfare
one the little modern warfare 2 comes
out so this has been pretty boring I
just wanted to let you know so yeah I
just I just wanted to give you guys an
update because I've made one of these of
Allah gay things are true vlog in like
two weeks and I wanted to ask you guys I
don't know if you live in Spain or
you've been to Spain specifically
Valencia or the areas nearby let me know
what you think I should do there if
you've been or maybe places to go in the
future love you guys long time except to
you with the blond hair yeah
