none of these papers are making any
sense I mean ok and then page 2 I don't
even know what's going on hey internet
I'm just working so I want to briefly
tell you the 5 top things i'm thankful
for thanks to you vibe thank you for
giving me a false sense of importance
uh-huh thanks for being the most
talented audience out there and sending
me awesome pictures even though you
spell my name wrong there's only one
Alan my name please thank you for giving
me this job so that I can do this
instead of my old job which was sleeping
with your mother's for money Oh DeFranco
I miss you so much it sounds good on
paper but it's not really too i know but
i have to finish these videos it just
thanks for giving me a valid reason to
below off my girlfriend one to just
cover your corners you're a liar you're
a liar
