so a lot of people ask me all the time
Phil why don't you show us everything
once you do the daily vlogs like
everyone else well I tried that it's
just it's really weird having every
single thing you ever do on camera or
like hiding parts of your personality
because people will know the real you it
just kind of seems like it's defeating
the purpose so I just wanted to have you
know show you a little little things
about my life
questions a lot of people ask me what I
do will I show you um I'll show you
where I work here and the other office
and then a lot of people say well what
do you do for fun so what do you do for
fun and I go to the Santa Monica Pier
which I did at the 100th year thing
so I'm at the Santa Monica Pier with
thousands of pier enthusiasts another
thing I like to do and it's like my
favorite thing to do is boogie board
surfers will make fun of boogie boarders
but it's fun it's it's really easy you
don't have to put on a wetsuit or
anything you know you just just do it
it's fun
so my question to you Internet is well I
guess what do you do for work since you
guys always ask me whether it's school
or an actual job or maybe you're a mom a
parent you know that's a job and then
the other one of course is what do you
do for fun what's like your thing that
you enjoyed doing
you can include text response or send me
a video of you telling me or doing it or
not yeah this is weird so how do you
respond to the allegations that you are
in fact a racist whoa whoa whoa calm
down it was just a question
