what the effing eff eff that is a lot of
energy drinks internet in my personal
video today I want to talk about racism
because racism is pretty much everywhere
and growing up I talked about it in my
video today but like at the sidebar oh
hey what's up I'm talking about racism
I'm talking about getting you paid doing
paperwork Thank You Lindsay uh does a
lot of work for me now because I got the
whip and I started hitting her and stuff
but anyway racism we're not talking
about sexism sexism a completely fine
but racism is completely wrong you know
why because I like the NBA no um no
racism it's a it's a weird thing for me
because growing up my parents hated
black people now is I always just grew
up thinking that's what old-school
Italian spa because old-school Italians
were always like you don't mix you don't
mix the bloodlines which just means we
don't like Blackie essentially they
don't want you dating marrying fucking
someone that their name was clicks like
that was that was the idea and my
parents actually my parents actually
disowned me for a year because I started
dating this on this black girl her name
was Natasha she was beautiful and huge
ginormous breasts but that was beside
the point things ended up not working um
mainly because I don't like who were or
for whatever reason and um you know
throughout my life I've realized that
it's not that I don't like a race of
people or anything like that I just
don't like douche bags and douchebags
come in all sorts of colors there's the
douchebag rainbow that's if you're gonna
hate anyone just hate the douchebag
rainbow and I don't know maybe you can
um share some stories with me about how
racism has affected you or people you
know because I know that when I moved
from New York which was very diverse and
I moved to North Carolina racism was
rampant it was the first time ever heard
things like that black guy acts like
he's white
like that like things I had never heard
before but I don't know let me let me
know your experiences and stuff like
that I love you a long time and see I
love black people hey little hey little
black guy hey hey hey we can be friends
hey but you can't have the right to
votes it's not because he's black it's
cuz he's a puppy don't be ridiculous
