we're talking about the competition for
the streamys and uh those big bastards
over a BuzzFeed have so much like
there's such a large audience I think
you know very computing film I think so
people have been retweeting in general
we've been playing games I got this
Twitter profile picture because a bunch
of people retweeted the thing oh well I
got one Phil what do we do a 15 K or 20
K retweets and they'll take me to Toys R
Us so we'll hold hands down I'll you get
to let me pick a toy that they're going
bankrupt a little bit Phil but I think
they deserved it what I went in there I
think this place is fucking overcrowded
with one driving the guy and expenses
how about this we do tears oh yeah so
15,000 Oh we'll go to Toys R Us together
okay I'll have a little we'll have a
little mandate okay cool but then what's
what's the 30,000 here yeah we need like
a 30,000 so wait so so yeah so 15 is III
go on a trip that I don't want to go on
and 30 is we bankrupt our company okay
no it's a 30 you want 50 I don't think
we're gonna hit 50,000 we get a ball but
you see that Roman Atwood video throw it
out with
blood balls right yeah the big red balls
and we get we make an entire room a ball
pit for Joe yes yes because I have to
have one ball in one video yeah pretty
fancy this is a whole thing exactly I
think you know I think you're in a 15 I
don't think like I think I don't think
you can get 40,000 well the question is
do you want do you want all these red
balls in the in the office how much time
that's gonna take I don't have to move
the researchers so you should booster
make it a hundred
no all right forty then we get a bunch
of butter why I'm worried okay all right
we'll see what happens everyone's gonna
love it Tilly are you gonna you gonna
playing them if we get to 45
so this applying them to tears tears
like tears
