I'm gonna do something like put
something together for tripping and you
have to say something in the camera I
feel like someone should do that yeah
and be annoying you have more wine okay
so Charles Trippy today's your birthday
and I have two drinks in my hands and
drinking for myself and for you so I can
finally take advantage of you happy
birthday um say some of the Charles oh
hey Charles you're coming over but you
don't know we're here right now and then
when you when you come we're gonna
surprise you and then you'll know where
we're here is that your um compression
of what's the space oh that's one sit
okay when I do not waiting wishing song
happy birthday to Charles Trippy I could
do what a day that was literally like
what did they dare ever did Charles
Charles happy birthday man we wants it
shows trust her pay who's that he's the
guy that we're here for Oh Charles
thanks for everything I love your videos
he makes video stream right and love
your videos man and I enjoy your stuff
thanks for me being subscribe to you if
you don't subscribe to me i'll pay you
later say something Charles really
really you can get the food out huh huh
huh let me read they Charles there you
go good I feel like I'm making like a
wedding videos like this one more job
right when I Jacob a little cracker
thanks happy birthday child welcome to
Venice enjoy your night cheers charles i
love you so much it's been so great
seeing you i hope you have so much fun
in spain and she come back we moved to
LA hang out we should become good
friends and make videos and collab is
and just blow up huge to be awesome
happy birthday buddy i love you that was
gay let's try another one
hey happy birthday Charles is broken hey
hey hey Charles um can't wait just
that's that's my beer I thought it was
my balls I can't wait to spoon like we
usually do and happy 25th birthday he's
25 legal legal cars we're gonna bring a
surprise him relax guys come on come on
surprise yeah we're gonna we're gonna
wish Charles for be happy birthday you
spilled your drink on happy birthday
dear Charles happy birthday to you
wow jealous peace on earth oh right in
the world that's hey whoa now that'll
never happen thank you you just ruined
it this just in peace on earth will
never happen hey Shay were you just
talking about religion I was a great
Packers game huh yeah football go Brett
farms I years ago he's not even on the
Packers anymore I know but the Vikings
are the best I'm never gonna use this
footage so I can see whatever I want
shaycarl um I just have a feeling he's a
gigantic penis how does everyone else
feels know what do you what do you think
bridget you you have an opinion no that
one that was a good those really gay but
I appreciate it your opinion I'm walking
shaycarl penis this seems shit enormous
but it's just as furry as his beard so
you can't really if he shaved it it was
a kippah bigger it's here that's a whole
new level of big
