I know I probably shouldn't be rooting
for anyone but I'm kind of rooting for
aces tiny
such a small world so it's okay so for
the camera sir
what is your name my name is Nelson
Nelson and Nelson he's a he's not gonna
be up with some some speed some
internets
my my crack and sir I understand you
watch the show but I think I've said
terrible things about Time Warner how
are you
just just leaving all of you adorable
sexy people know what you do the picture
Oh coolness someone pointed out actually
I shouldn't mention cos you're OCD if
someone mentioned that the TV's not even
it's not and it makes it made them angry
I should mention it to you because I
know you're like OCD
right OCD people called it you know I
realize actually this is gonna be the
first video that you're in so many
people I think thought I broke up with
you because you know because you're not
in any of the videos you're like in the
truck but then you leave moving
structure in one video and that's and I
broke up with her after her mom I'll
just think
another day another day going into the
office and I think we're just doing a
meeting today I think we're filming
anything I think it's a the meeting
where everyone talks about how much
money we're gonna make that'll be
fucking enjoyable um money money is uh
money's a tricky thing when it comes to
YouTube no one knows exactly how much it
is for all the different people people
make money from YouTube they make money
from third party advertisers like Carl's
jr. and I don't know it's a it's a
constantly changing world
the problem is when money is brought
into the situation a lot of people
change a lot of people change so um do
you have anything you want to clear up
today Kassadin maximizations he just
told me gets a picture of Asians that he
has bow-and-arrow prove it I really
think they're technologically advanced
okay so Lisa's gonna kill me for this
but I was looking at the video while I
was editing this clip and Lisa Nova
looks in this clip exactly like Jason
Castro from American Idol last year
so we're invested by and by we I mean me
and getting these for when the guys come
over this weekend we play some Madden
maybe this vlog is about as a DB as I am
I went in there to get a few video games
and controllers walked out with
controllers and a movie
Twitter talked me out of uh out of
getting Wolfenstein for the 360 but um
yeah before I went all a DD on you
wait now playing
