hey not a dead puppy oh hey little non
dead puppy
hey you just go right to lickin you're
gonna get a girlfriend really easy we're
gonna go to the office
yeah the station he doesn't like the
station awesome okay hey what's up
really no punch line of I know but
seriously hey maybe they don't know that
I mean always with my camera like the
first time we've got a camera fu week
always get out of my face
I hate cameras probably one of the
weirdest things of the days we have had
to get audio bytes out we had to get
sound clips for things we're gonna use
in the videos so we need a squeaky noise
like a bed squeaking so what did they
Derek decided to help us out
is it weird as you can tell is a pretty
chill day but it got me thinking what do
you do when you uh when you want to wind
with your friends what do you do to you
guys do you go out do ya just play video
games do ya bang each other's my mom's I
don't know I don't know what normal
people do because I'm not a normal
person you might not be either so let me
know in the comments down below or in a
video response so I'm very jealous
because while I do like my rx-8 I think
it's a nice car the guy apart - everyday
in the new place has a much better ride
you can be the judge it's pretty
