so after seven days three or four up
driving so much packing up unpacking up
only in favorites from friends yeah so
we're here I'm uh I'm excited and we get
the show started but here's a quick tour
the house here in the new place we have
this this rooftop deck which is sweet
and I'm loving it we're a few blocks
away from the beach it's nice it's good
times but um I was going to wait until
we were completely all set up to show
you the place but you know might as well
show you the mess I don't know so we're
up here we got it we have an elevated
deck I think everyone else owns here we
rent but uh yes and what's sweet about
this they have the surround sound from
the TV comes out here but then they have
a freezer and fridge I love this we have
have to get a grill otherwise to waste
then up here we're thinking to put maybe
a bed something I don't know then we got
the the washer and dryer and we go
downstairs room it came with the TV that
was mounted with surround sound so we
kept it that is a dog hey doggy hey
Jackie I love you so obvious obviously
you can tell by the mess yeah we're not
ready we're not ready to say that it's
done nearly we have a few more days and
then this is the kitchen area I know
you're like oh phil show me more of your
kitchen it's amazing shell being being
as a lindsey and myself combined our
houses to move in here we have a lot of
stuff and we actually we have extra TVs
so unless I want a big screen TV in the
bathroom I think we're gonna have to
sell one of these we're giving right now
we're going to sell it because I'm not
shipping that thing across the country
that's expensive um then we go into the
office oh hey who is that shaggy haired
gentleman that is philip defranco and
office has a quickie bathroom
nothing's hung yet except me hahahaha
like an ants but ok so the office it's a
little different than the one in Atlanta
I split the desks up so over here we
have the imac and the video game systems
and over here we just have a desk
nothing nothing too fancy alright so
exit and we move on to the bedroom
closets closet and it's super messy
super missing and we go to the bathroom
but not on camera this usual shebang say
um that's that's the place i am gonna
I'm gonna go with us start filming but i
thought i'd show you the place since a
lot of people whereas code
