so that's where I put my flip cam um it
is uh what is today it's this friday
evening and i'm just walking into work
got a little thing to shoot here with a
iJustine in the crew so that should be
fun and i don't know i haven't haven't
been posting videos because i didn't
know where my flip was and I've just
been now working on this secret thing
that won't be secret anymore all the
stuff that we're doing you guys know
what it is the station and uh yeah she's
doing stuff baby i'm missing you better
love come on come on come on come on
come on cool no Susan it's amazing you
know you turn on a camera everyone just
like oh look Lisa given a brown guy
money to order stuff weird how odd is
that anything else I can get you massa
so we're getting coffee
I always get
the love that she is so uh we're going
back to kill i Justine all right that's
that we're gonna get Hiller killer
killer dead and should be fun I think
yeah good times medical journal but it
started station to you turn it off what
was that about abortion wait I think she
meant to say the exact opposite of
navigate that's that's how my the next
video is gonna start here just eat legal
abortion so um just got done Fellman
those fun times this is really creepy um
but yeah as it was fun Justine came and
we did some stuff with her to her huh
that's weird um but yeah that
there's someone looking at me
Jesus ours okay I mean no
