a lot of people ask me how myself and my
girlfriend met and the story is actually
we met at a YouTube gathering in
Baltimore Baltimore yeah it was like
there was literally 20 people went to
this thing and two kids or 40 made fun
of me so I was like yeah you know what
I'll teach you a lesson and I'll drink
for Long Island iced teas on no food in
my stomach and I became very inebriated
and then I cornered my girlfriend in a
hotel room and I did not have a blunt
object to hit in her head so I went to
plan B which was to serenade her with a
song which I believe I titled your face
and yeah I think it went something like
hey baby girl I see you over there and
I'll be honest I'm starting to stare
because I'm thinking about my penis on
your face I have dreams and I have needs
and the number one of those is that I
need to put my penis right there on your
face your ears your eyes your hair your
nose your mouth it doesn't matter really
where it goes because I just want my
penis on your face and um I think it
just it just started from there
