you know my friends got a huge cock
should practice together
I'm sorry recorded this weekend a few of
my friends I decided that we're gonna go
to comic-con and this is kind of what
unfolded oh yes it is that's that's
fantastic right
yeah the shoulders shoulder would do am
i right there no Bible Oh will you pee
in a trough when there's eight other
dudes like stroking their meat right
next hey doin champ
I'm good how are you guys doing we are
at our ranch Ito is the Mexican rouse
Derek stupid fucking Gringo's that's
what everyone said
dude there's no way I could fucking mess
with these waves that's the weirdest
sign I've ever seen in my entire life
this is sketch
oh hi hi you might have noticed that
there is a there is a mirror behind me
and that's because this place for sex
one little thing is that on our way to
San Diego we stopped at a nasty-ass
Mexican place and I got food poisoning
so the rest of the video I am
essentially throwing up every 40 minutes
and other stuff that we won't talk about
but yeah you know in Florida you just
seem like a negative Nancy this morning
well I get 36 minutes to sleep the
shades just tell me there's an
earthquake one che said also a fun
little side fact is probably decided to
go do this trip and none of us had
tickets but luckily we got in thanks to
a special friend
hotforwords out where you got to feel
hot the work should be popular
so I'm here at Comic Con I just met mr.
Alex Alex Kenny
Alex they're uh gave me this shirt thank
you but it's a large and I'm fat so uh
what's the deal this is going in the
blog right here thank you as long we
know as long as you let's show you that
is not coca-cola is it I don't know
Thanks oh my god Lindsay I don't know I
think so you just try to lick my camera
oh and here's some footage of Olivia
Munn not knowing who I was
he's my friend
movie will be opening will be opening it
with a live sketch tour new videos in
August and September and then it's those
nationwide October and then I decided to
stop filming because if any conversation
starts with how you going I just can't
not laugh at you the guys that was um
the summation of the trip it was
interesting a lot of footage I could not
use but the main thing is it was fun
