like no good stories I'm recording
something but I don't know what exactly
I'm going to do with footage I really
been planning this for pitching me and
sketch ready okay sure having sex with a
girl and you say just been filled in he
just pitched me the idea i'm pretty sure
i was pitched this idea by every 12 year
old boy about two years you should fall
right be sleep with this hot chick
bitches been Fillion yeah and then you
just high-five some do that no plans sad
as I could make that video the hardcore
look these are stations needs to be your
first time I think his wedding Oh be
good look at me be like yeah I can't
believe it mmm I think personally I
should be fourth notice that was fifth
I'm a little against that yeah for food
you just want you can have a good
fifteen between 15 and 20 watts per play
yes what about that place is that good
this one is expensive yeah I've actually
respond there many chicks chicks yeah
hot ones yeah I'd like would they be
willing to make out with us yeah honey
is that ok haha do your give you jump
haha we can go to tgif Laurie I'm so so
sorry octomom right here in the square
I think you are kilmore I think you're
exaggerating on number if we drop soup
drop the bomb let me say this very
loudly glad we have marijuana in the car
this is gonna be great for our drive-by
shooting later tonight hi I can't wait
for a day when something just comes
running over sometimes wonder in our
blogs if we've some somehow captured
someone that is in the witness
protection program somebody said hey
there they are private but not that big
of a difference until you get to 42
inches and it's a huge different agent 8
inches over there I don't so you have to
duct-tape the bottom just put a box so
we're here at a TGI Fridays I owned by
magic johnson make sure not to try the
needle special by the way great john
stockton reference in your video I hope
John socked it as we all the office
watching I'm like yeah John Stockton
assist leader and still later baby go
jazz carbo load stockton oh just a
dinner with some ladies where's your
husband doesn't matter hotel shame out
this video
