I finally got my debit card in the mail
after paying for it what else we're
going to activate my phone because they
apparently have been trying to charge me
for my phone bill for three days so that
got cut off today let's get this party
started it son word as always nothing I
do is easy I have to go to an ATM first
activate card since I can't call them
because my phone's dead because they
turned off my card and really I don't
want to think where this room has been
okay so apparently it should work now my
ear definitely has AIDS pretty sure just
the ear though there you go it's
essentially the same thing just a little
shorter hi I'm talking myself you know
it's Venice so what should be yeah what
should we talk about internet um I
actually I couldn't think of anything
that's terrible was like well everything
that's that needs to be said has been
said essentially I really I didn't do
anything yesterday I came home is sat
down and watched prison break which was
actually a decent series but the last
season was so random why was it so
random there are more twists than all
the seasons of lost mixed together I was
just waiting for someone to be like oh
and now you have superpowers such that
and ready to go to comic-con which
you'll see in the sxephil video Trevor
sure shut up puppies I'm gonna kill a
puppy that won't kill a puppy I'll kill
you but something I was wondering about
the the personal channels other than
myself in my videos who do you like the
most that's appeared in my videos as of
recently let me know
