this place is too violent for me yeah
look look look the Frank goes back here
what up Phil just living the dream
living the dream full energy going crazy
I'll turn it down I'm sitting and that
automatically puts you at higher height
you don't need to go you don't need to
go myspace morning and I'm almost amid
just ease though I'm pretty maybe I
shouldn't use that word you're
officially back what do you think about
the new place is great I love in this
like it's it's not a nightmare situation
anymore I feel very good very happy yeah
there's small minor changes but I think
we're all on the same page what's your
favorite part of the desk there's so
much room just like my first non Ikea
desk years do you to make up you know
very important especially it get rid of
the fucking baggage under my eyes these
days because of the lack of sleep cuz a
baby yeah I mean he's been pretty great
new baby play it was three days and now
he's like he feels like he's on a
schedule the rough time is tray trays
all of a sudden got an attitude he's
acting out and now I'm having to be the
the strict parent I didn't think I was
gonna have to be that he played last
night all of a sudden he'll be like no
you don't cuddle you out believe and I'm
like excuse me now if you're going to
sleep tonight that's fine but you did it
again this morning in in bed and I had
to be like Trey who owns this house who
owns this room whose bed is this and
they're like TV like the iPad you like
treats you like everything you like the
pool you know who gives that to you
mommy and daddy you don't tell me you go
away I can tell you but they go away so
far he's been receptive well now you're
a daddy oh to be no to wants to make
that channel alright so all this today
is gonna be a fun day it's a national
punch day so we're gonna punch some
people and just kind of see what
happened here coworker it doesn't count
to get punched today yeah thank weakly
that stands yeah cool all right Phil
it's gonna be a good day and we'll check
back in well I I'm just letting us this
whole pole building for
four hours I'll see you that sounds good
damn Briana what are you putting your
coffee well we'll have fun
hi hey everybody what uh so Jeff hey man
Halloween's in like two months slammed
in the comments all tens of us Jillian's
actually a Chilean Independence Day you
do epic Vidya so we're celebrating I
have a in Fidelis Tofino for everybody
as well as a pisco sours are making
later awesome man no this is cool I'm
loving this already I'm not realizing it
there's a little solidarity yes oh she
wore a month with a Castilla you
throwing that little accents it's sexy
chilly NASA's are normally not sexy
September 18th is China Penn State and
appends from Spain through a series of
wars awesome time no one likes the
Spanish anyway and we expanded from
there are you country recommend going to
Chile give me the chance
should I yeah don't go to Peru I'll go
to Argentina serving on a map chili yeah
anyone if you say the long skinny
country everyone knows Home Depot for a
story don't worry about it about that
will people be offended this comes out
like a day no normally you do
celebrations for quite a bit and
Sheila's like September 19th another
holiday inches so it all worked out this
will probably come out today which is
Wednesday Wednesday which is a Wednesday
today you know today also is its
national punch day I just like like
drink mantra hope
ya know like punch like punch people I
guess serve us well have some empanadas
and some beverages in beverages I'm
looking good
alright seen a bit do you know what
we're celebrating today
Chilean Independence Day also known as
yes Pat yes
Brian's Chilean so we're not that Brian
Brian what are you Brian Joe where you
from Brian what's your heritage what's
your ethnicity
cool thanks Brian other Brian researcher
Brian yeah and it's also national punch
day in the drink as in the physical ex
mmm so today we're gonna have empanadas
and I heard your co-workers it doesn't
count so I know exactly where you're
going
stop that nonsense I will close somebody
what's arm you're gonna use okay cool
ready one two do it perfect cool who's
next
yeah you earned it you want to punch
anyone today
what accidentally in lunch cute little
love punch you pick the weirdest
holidays all right Keith if I have to
punch you buddy why don't you stand up
it James let's see what you got
you ready make me right train that's
what the fuck is up fam keep you on a
retaliate what's your move you know I'm
gonna give them a nice little tiger
uppercut ready to feel this 1 2 3
looks pretty good yeah pretty good I
don't know who's gonna head at the PDS
now
I think he deserves a punch look really
great with like alcohol on them and a
little bit of blood you want to get
Brian apart what happened just went out
all of our computers show not all of
them but Jason's turned off my save I
think Brian did it think it's kind of
weird that your computer still works
well this is pretty cool lighting crazy
Phil no I think I blame understand I've
talked to so many people in California
you know like this is why I would never
fuckin live in an area where a hurricane
could hit me motherfucker we live in a
place where at any given moment the
ground juice yes and destroy everything
is the only place that doesn't have
power now the editing rigs and me what
are you doing in this black out we're
having cold beer kind of beers isn't
that looks like some old beer did you
brew it yourself no I don't think a lot
of drinks while on the job oh look
you're enjoying the blackout what leave
that battery backups for every
and for Phil we lost power and
everything just went to shit now we'll
have at least five minutes to save and
close everything else it's going to be
something fun we have to hit the battery
yeah and every time we've done it give
me a little spark oh my god that's
flammable all right
I didn't know it's Hospital Independence
Day by the time this comes out it'll be
a little bit past that that's fine how
is it you know oh my god I need to try
some now man shouldn't just oh yeah oh
yes well thank you happy celebration do
you want to punch anyone today
I do not there's anybody want to punch
someone can't quite going on okay
Christie we're just going a little punch
out crissy can you take a punch to the
face let's do it I approve HR approved
to this
that's like the start of like it's
Spring Break bitches
other pressing matters who is actually
gonna get punched we need to drill a
punch in the girl
okay deuce well I don't think it's gonna
happen like that
smack the camera just smack the camera
where's my money
oh wow only we had these at school when
I was putting lockers that would be a
big-ass Locker right you can sew like a
cookie finer then what is he doing you
must begin hi um I'm actually sitting in
the exact same spot I was okay there's a
little delay in your speaking I think
you're though
