What's Up mo freakers gonna do it hey
well I like that's his reaction for
everything trying to do business here
take you on your egg Oh what do we have
there yeah it was overboard no it is
because my rule is no no marks it I like
where you can see them that's how i got
so many comments yeah not professional
professional here's an image know people
like really now I see Phil in a
completely different way I'm never gonna
get sponsored by disney now thanks this
is how we do it so I the goal is that
we're gonna all go to comic-con I'm some
of us have taken some of us like me I do
not take a party getting it trashed at
Comicon what heroes why don't I feel
like if we got trashed at comic-con
would be like a bad version of the
hangover just with like elves and take a
fantasy come true yeah really Oh houses
okay what do you say it's not a good
story I thought your hose maybe like
house beating a hooker hit the fan
what's up
sanli came by the office today um why'd
you do that I decided I wanted to check
it out you know via intern get coffee
that kind of thing yeah cuz we're so
we're so busy here uh-huh oh hey
Internet it's 830 and I'm already in bed
mainly because I'm tired from doing so
much shit puffy kids are in bed oh hey
guys a lot of people ask what goes into
the philip defranco show and it's
essentially my schedule is i wake up at
six or seven actually today seven you
know I ride my bike
I got some food get some get some tea
and I come back and I start researching
this guy he likes to hey Brooke we're
okay hey yeah fuzzball Brooke likes to
research with me this guy gets jealous
huh huh you're not the Alpha you're not
the alpha male but I love you rookie is
very jealous if I'm giving him attention
he wants a hundred percent attention
he's like a woman you know it's like oh
while you two have one girlfriend
whatever once he's gonna see this when
she's everything but yeah so I just
research for about an hour and a half
wait till after 10-20 because that's
when the Sun steps going through that
window which will in a bit and then I
film until about one to two then I
started exporting and yeah it's not that
exciting but everything's ad libs and
just off the cuff and what other sling
can I use I don't know but uh yeah yeah
yeah yeahs to rate this 15 *
