I go see a Jimmy Kimmel um we have to be
there at a 4:30 some of the rule is 4:30
are being stopped by a few Los Angeles
driving down the freaky way I'm not gay
but my name is Shay
anyway we got the defranco he's in the
house because you don't know I'm hungry
and I like burritos
dragon can blow fire but I like Cheetos
challenge
I totally pwned him
what's a chicks name I think it's
Hermione I'd take her out and I'd give
her a whiny and dine me on the town with
her wizard stick I'd say hey don't touch
my wallets cuz this dinner is expensive
but if you bring your friend
I really gotta cut it are you wrapping
everything into Ice Ice Baby
ah possibly that is a that's a it's
highly possible role in my point
Oh with Harry Potter down so my flag can
blow running them don't quick and nimble
I'll do a spell and I'll fix your
thimble in a hi-hats with a souped up
wizard
I'm a nerd if you are homo what I mean
is gay I still love you but I wouldn't
take my clothes off in front of you
because I think you'd want to put in
your mouth your gas caps open I just
don't want to use any of that precious
petrol you know it's expensive we're
going to the Jimmy Fallon show
give me Kimmel balance in New York you
kind of look like Sarah Silverman you
know he dated her it was good hey see
you guys love you people in California
are so friendly kind of like Sarah Sarah
silver yeah Pacific
hey how do you get used to just talking
to yourself in public it's crazy in the
first place so just kind of came natural
are used to it does it feel weird oh
yeah well that's the thing I had that
big break so I always feel weird I don't
hate Asian people
I love awls look look here's one and
he's not even wearing one of those
triangle hats either so this is the
behind-the-scenes I'm making two videos
that make more money but that's
essentially what behind-the-scenes means
no way either can ever do there's
nothing nothing weird what I like he
starts laughing and goes in the drunk
mode we're in the Venice canal hey guy
so hey I see girls can get away with
things
it is going fast
girls hi oh I knew we're about to start
a drum circle
I'm trusting Lindsay with my car not
your car I paid for it your name she's
like haha
must I phone died
get a little we need a little drunk test
so just say the first thing that comes
to your mind
