please yeah The Bachelor see that's we
walk the puppies so our friends would
like us more according to Philip
DeFranco shaycarl law you are not
allowed to bring out your camera at this
juncture um so I get to use all these
people as my own so a question of the
day internet if you could say one very
important thing to the entire world what
would it be Lisa Nova something
important if you could say one thing to
the entire world won't it be laughs
listen just shaycarl he knows everything
yes oh okay you can use that advice
every year mine's actually serious like
I don't know woman it'd be funny because
I really happen no no no my dear my
viewers like seeing a different side of
you give a hoot don't pollute cleanser
let's just try to love one another yeah
love one another you're fucked we call
him a cheery McGee wait a minute no
noshe no listen let's have a talk about
religion wrong ranked you just scared
out of you no I just laugh was not very
put to Anna when people start using
slang for hands I get confused a three
of a kind full house straight flush a
three of a kind full hot straight
flushes anyone else added one of those
before didn't think so idea i had a
5-yard to go lon
Oh full months first every night Benny
your check Lisa can you shit no I just I
just realized you had your hat and
douche mode right now danny is Danny
getting bold with his hand shit all in
it I'm just not thinking you should bet
on a three so a che you've uh you've
lost around an hour ago listen I have
been dealing for the last hour which
means you should each give me five
dollars five dollars and we could she
have known those so that's already had
it over at sense for you lived on ski
subscribe to give me five bucks listen
over there is no I don't know I don't
give two strangers we met once remember
hey Shay hey Shay when is my debt that
if I did expires no never I'm joking
hahaha listen indian giver i'm not
familiar with that term but you're an
Indian giver I've never heard that term
I've just heard outside is it's not like
a shirt indian girl are you sure seems
like pop o yer p simplex now it's on
your hand should place please don't wash
it with really Oh Julie's wash your
hands what he just did he was like hey
blah blah blah career-ending common
career Lindsay do not use any of this
footage it will kill you and I wish I
had burrito inside of this football
you're right now is we're making a
second channel video that can never be
posted making a joke with really me you
such a copier the baton ski really
shakes the diamond factory really shame
you know what listen you have
overstepped your bounds at the camera
hey this is your house cameras like
there's like no possibility Janey camera
Shh look you don't have noticed no
you're all I don't yeah yeah I just
really really I get back II really III
got my religion from Shane
oh hey do you see a physical abuse just
threw my I want answers a place and
they're like you work with Lisa lenoble
what do you guys do I feel even on the
doggy style video pair like that look
just like Phil's yes hey friends me be
so confusing i love you like i don't
know what's going to switch houses every
day who's this before the lips all on
the other side with like super soakers
full of me night when I got hit in the
face he was a stream like from a
supersuit wasn't a spray like oh hahaha
ice cream like such a bit you have to
censor me at all I'm uncensored
unfiltered sector oh no no no none of
this one is gonna be used until tomorrow
