okay guys I gotta go to the office I
gotta go rook I love you so we're going
to the office I believe I have a meeting
it's going well you with Twitter trying
to get some work done actually really I
just try to make it look like bring up
my script my scripts look I'm writing
bossy I'm writing yeah I never know when
you're recording is the red lights never
on it might not be recording secret
recording see something you never said I
hate really I randomly I saw your bus
video for the first time it wasn't
taking the bus yes back in the local is
what he's seeing you that was like with
Danny is so old-school
if cottage shop goes I think it looks
like Obama just banging jumps up and so
I jump off the couch put this away
yeah that's right and he bought an
alienware bash him for it now I also
like to spend more money than I should
that's why I have Apple products ok I'm
like what the fuck you paying for oh
wait that's how addicted shaycarl is I
invited him over for poker he's like
yeah let's do that and edit a video in
their minds they believed what they were
doing was right I can't use any of those
for to do
