so I'm yesterday i was going to film
what we did yesterday but Lindsay broke
the camera and we're taking a bunch of
footage and we're making a show but
today we had to just try and salvage
what we had on the camera which was
other skid stuff as well as the blog so
that's what we've been doing today and I
guess if we have to do anything in this
video we'll just we'll show you the new
cute puppy oh hey what's up hey what's
up ah rookie did you see the new puppy
yeah you like him do you like the new
prophet you do now kill him only one of
you can survive we only have enough food
for one of you I don't even know why I
bought him this is our new puppy ace he
is also a ewer key just like rookie come
here come here I know your camera shy I
can I can have two puppies I have to um
so yeah here are the defranco's and
Lindsay's over there but she doesn't get
to be in the shot because she broke my
camera I still love her though mainly
because her vagina is amazing I'm sorry
you are a baby I should not have said
that in front of you via the flock will
be back to normal where we found the
other camera so we're good wait here my
puppies yeah movies movies I'm so
masculine it's ridiculous today my
friend from high school Hillary told me
that she was watching those videos so i
just want to say hi to her if she's
watching joyful fail just to say a lot
of fun one pack that's the other 40,000
people don't know I don't know I guess
that's my fault she's like bitch I gave
you much chocolate milky wait my friend
I'm putting I love you and I don't even
know who you are
