trying to show Lindsey right now how
she's um how she's gonna film me for the
personal channel because she's gonna be
doing the editing on it yeah make it
easier for me since you know anything
you're thinking shaycarl can do it yes
but shaycarl doesn't make shaycarl
videos make shaped hard videos why did I
say she ain't hardly good mm-hmm let us
go to the office okay taking my job of
filming him very seriously I'm gonna
film everything like recording way you
know it matters we have to we have to do
it no way that I look good like
physically and also every other way
Aaliyah candid shot
see that's the one that's the reason I
have trouble getting in better shape is
I'm like yeah let's eat healthy
Lindsay's like yeah let's totally eat
healthy at in-n-out burger so you know
people were like no it's good that if
you eat if you eat fast food it's good
they beat what Lisa told us so she knows
yet so she knows she is healthy but I
don't think she would eat in-n-out
burger I think she would eat in an out
burger if she was just about to eat her
own thigh then she'd be like okay well I
can I can justify that in matter I was
gonna try it so Lindsey I know there's a
lot of footage because someone hasn't
been using the camera I'm doing it now
I'm gonna stick with the video format I
don't want to be a blogger I'm a vlogger
you know I have an amazing ability with
words not not to brag and I don't know
how to do anything because I'm a retard
and I'm like oh I totally understand
that so I'm gonna make videos so you can
just want to flies there are so many
flies here it's it's very hard to get
rid of them they just multiply as it
flies do frustration but only 20 to 50
seconds it's weird me an earlier point
my camera we're gonna coordinate singing
Lindsey I couldn't love you so much
if only you could make me a sandwich ooh
preferably turkey with cheese hot cheese
just pretty much any cheese would be
good
sandwich because that's how I like it
turn off the camera what do you have
nothing really I didn't realize until I
had the camera my childhood so four five
six seven
no freshmen I don't know I mean judging
by your face so just playing a little
poker whoa whoa Lindsey throws down the
black it's much bigger than the other
chips Lindsey hates the blacks black
chips please see the flip-flop floppity
flip flippity flop what'd we say about
bad angles
we're setting up for the live show
Saturday is at noon pacific 3 p.m.
Eastern and whatever time it is if you
don't live in the States
yeah
