morning Sun always White's me out like
I'm a fat chick on stickam but hello
guys it is Sunday some of you are at
church I laughed because no one that
watches my videos should go to church
because you're going to hell anyway I'm
joking but yeah it was a it's been a fun
time since the last time I talked to you
yeah
me and Shay keep going to the beach body
boarding and stuff we're gonna try and
try and take up surfing which will be
fun so we're gonna have to get some long
boards or write on our penises because
they're so huge the most likely long
boards because those are actually made
out of wood and are not referenced just
as wood but yeah last night we went to
UM alpha cot alpha cos alpha cats a
housewarming party him and Lisa living
it was a fun time and there is one thing
that I learned at the house party is
that never never ever give teas on day
it's a is a fuckin guy I love Tay pretty
much love everyone there any time a
bunch of youtubers get together it's
usually a clusterfuck of love without
the cluster fucking so just a lot of
love really that's I should have just
said that but yeah it was a fun time and
I also met Jake Gyllenhaal so check that
out recording again videoing from
3gs she's sexy girls eat macaroni there
you go you can start a whole website of
sexy girls obviously he's not Jake
Gyllenhaal but there was something very
Jake Gyllenhaal esque about his face and
I just had : Jake the the entire rest of
the night which is bad because now I
don't fully remember his name so that's
not good but you know there's a lot of
other footage that I can't show and by
that I mean it's my penis on everyone's
face was big everyone just sat down on
the line
hey I just smacked everyone in the face
my penises game called Phil smacks
everyone in the face of his penis what
the game lacks in originality in the
title it makes up for in fun for me but
I'm such a fucking weirdo anyway um yeah
so I have to I have to go shower fix
this hair apocalypse that's going on in
my head right now and then I go on to a
porn set with lisanova and Shane Dawson
what no seriously that's what I'm doing
on a Sunday while you're in church but
um yeah I love you guys and I know these
haven't been daily but I will try I've
just I literally had these are the only
moments in the day that I usually have
to myself
