good day to you interwebs it is thursday
I haven't been able to do the daily
thing and I finally just moved into the
new place and yeah just just getting
settled down been going to like the
beach every day riding bikes living a
much more active lifestyle here and for
some reason I got here and all of a
sudden now I have all these meetings so
um so been doing that the main channel
been keeping up with a blog a lot more I
think a lot of you guys seeing that plus
we brought back the bam bam caboose
channel which we actually already posted
up a skit spoof video so if you want to
see that click the link in the sidebar
it's a it's a funny one it's funny when
I posted like midnight so to probably
get like terrible terrible views but uh
yeah be one of the five people to see it
the way the schedule is looking right
now is I'm going to be in Venice until
seven eight nine which we're gonna get
there I think on the eighth the events
on the 11th so on 7 11 2009 in New York
there's going to be a meetup you can go
to seven eight nine gathering calm so
i'll be to be able to meet a bunch of
New Yorkers and also a bunch of people
that are traveling to the area and then
we come back I'm going to be in Venice
probably till the end of august go back
to Atlanta Bradley cancel my lease
before or then stay there for a month or
two and then come back out here and move
here permanently I'm loving the people
you know just around a lot more a lot of
friends and just loving it loving it
guys I'm really happy I know you're like
I'm so happy for you Phil I'm do tiering
this video I don't know I'm just talking
to do a camera there's always thanks for
watching hopefully help him to get these
daily vlogs up um but in the meantime go
watch the new Bam Bam caboose video I
think in the side bizzle for shizzle my
name is DeFranco I didn't rhyme but it
is true
