fuck-ok befell hey you're all matted
you're all mad at momma took your shirt
off she took your shirt off are you
happy ah ah hey guys i just got back
from the apple store upgraded so what
I'm going on right now which is the 32
gigabyte iphone 3gs and I know the Apple
iPhone gets a lot of heat let go up to
waste some money everything terrible I
hate babies angry about everything um
the iphone 3gs isn't amazing in the
sense that like all the features are
like oh my god I can't believe can
fucking display Holograms on your phone
it's good in the sense that I make
youtube videos and I make videos that
are specifically be like out there in
the world on the road or is doing things
so it's great that I have something that
that can just record and upload while
I'm not connected to Wi-Fi biggest LGBT
and see a 3g network so that's why I got
it I'd recommend getting it if it's not
breaking the bank like you don't have an
AT&T plan and you're just getting the
phone it could be what six hundred
dollars we get a two-year plan it's like
299 I wouldn't recommend it if you've
had your iphone for over two years or
you're rich or you know you're well off
where your parents are kiddos but yeah
so I got this for myself and then I'm
ordering one for my dad because he's a
he's a gadget freak ever since I started
buying stuff so yeah um I like it I like
you can hate it iphone haters but I look
and so yeah we're getting situated here
actually move into
my new place here in california in two
days and how many sandwich che which I'm
standard this place right now for a nap
until Tuesday so um and yeah stuff is
coming and there's a big dog Malachi
Malachi it's not a dog at the horse
