hey guys what is that about dude Joe
that was real low energy I mean oh shit
okay hey Bill you having a good day
bill yeah what kind things you have to
get done today Phil I have meetings
emails phone calls it's a busy day
sounds good
hey Phil you know today is what day is
it Joe today is national finish Phil's
room day I love national days I know you
do Phil I think we should have a
national Joe nation Appreciation Day I
think that's a great idea yeah again
you can buy me a new camera okay maybe
give me the day off yeah and I was
thinking one day I could do the pds for
you okay really uh-huh you would let me
do the pds yeah I had a feeling you
would like that idea
good okay Phil I'll check in with you
later I'm just so happy I'm here right
now and not at home we were robbed
where's this stuff all right all the
stuffs out here yeah all the fire hazard
wires and cables are right here what's
the vision for in here what are they
doing the roof for reviewing this part
this part where people don't see that
yeah we're gonna cock seal so that it
doesn't keep losing oh yeah the goose
the goose good old goose everywhere
everywhere okay welcome to another
episode of this old house yeah thank you
aversion I have to admit yeah we didn't
get that reference but apparently a lot
of people in the comments dude I just
played along with it because I made I'm
solving a clusterfuck that is Phil's
computer well new first of all it's
fucking filthy the dust has dust second
of all they're literally cables in here
that go to nothing
one thing about that Brian it bothers me
and makes me anxious I built one like
this and it is ridiculously cable
managed to the point where you can't
even see the cables you know the manager
cables with Anastos this guy was
completely covered in dust and I just
cleaned these off I don't work on these
nice if you look even the connections
have dust it's just a dust collector get
it connector the connections have dusts
at collections I suppose some so we just
get the experience in this grave
we get all of us coming back here Oh
a lot of fucking I don't know if it's
officially been announced in a video but
this is Christie most of you all might
remember her used to run for human
peoples she is officially joining us
full time as head of merchandising in
apparel so welcome Christy this asshole
this is Ryan and we're talking about
what we're what we're gonna do in the
future with merch and apparel like sell
a joke cutout right though yeah yeah
proved it Joe are you gonna keep doing
that even when he's back so your
conversations because I think that you
love like letting him say whatever you
want him to say to you hell yeah Joe
knows the conversation cuz he edits
because he's in we gather or against my
favorite crime what do you want what do
you want from work can we get Brian what
do you want a new car can we get Brian a
new car well yeah you just got yourself
a new car and house penguin Phil no nope
he said no sorry good yeah do you get
turned down for penguins a lot where Joe
okay cool
just be we'd be working on that cut up
design have you build a cabin before
Luke yeah but it's this is not the same
as cabinetry's is like an Ikea cabinet
base okay what albums gonna run that
time-lapse just for you okay
now Phil Kevin looks pretty good so
these pieces of wood that go under this
shelf are finished on both sides why
it's being screwed to the bottom where
no one can see it their sandwich
together you know what maybe if there's
no quick and it tips over at least it
looks good it's like why because when
you start something you finish it and
act like I wasn't filming yeah cuz you
like us okay we like them I'm gonna go
say hello okay
smooch yeah I'm Kissin yeah no they know
nope consent bill can I kiss them I
think that's a great idea
are you guys oh I shouldn't say that
then tell me your names
hey what do you do a picture and who are
you Jamie I do user research at patreon
send really
emails all of our you're like the email
version of me and then who are you buddy
I'm Tony I'm a product manager at
patreon and I'm helping Hillary figure
out which patrons get which poster and
mugs for next month and you can just see
like all of these all of these like
poster bins and all the merch that gets
out so it's just seems confusing it by
Tony's the queen of Excel so we should
just do like a blog of me explaining
what I skip to when Hilary's done
talking but this has been amazing I've
learned so much we've had so many great
phone calls the good thing about all of
these people being here is that it's
gonna help me understand our data better
so I can understand you guys better and
it's gonna help me get everything to you
like so much quicker and way more
efficiently which is that's great well
good meeting you guys it looks like a
freakin mess in here boys it smells like
crazy it's great yes I kept it in your
microphone and you had to try
desperately to save them okay it smells
like farts I really don't know
hey Jason we need you to fart and Luke's
face because he says a mask oh yeah and
I proven no no no he's wearing he's
wearing a mask
thank God Joe he's wearing a mask I got
you got one in the chamber do you got
one in the chamber that's what I'm I
need to know I'm gonna tee another slice
of pizza coming out I think you know
what I think I think
bill green screen Phil should be the new
HR hey Phil can Jason fart and Luke's
face yes yeah one right he's just there
like yeah finish this cup of joe and
then maybe I'll have something hey Phil
so look at this new room so how do you
like your new room Phil I don't know but
the guys worked really hard on it okay
how about this cabinet so you can put
your clothes in there you got this
little plant here that's amazing look at
this beautiful new custom desk thank you
I love you Joe oh thanks Phil I
appreciate that Joe I think you're doing
a great job
Oh so are you trying to tell me that
you're gonna pay for my two-week
all-inclusive honeymoon yeah on top of
paying me two weeks vacation uh-huh have
fun thanks Phil I'm so glad we had this
talk I love you Joe
fuck you Jason damn it damn it audios
out that whole pretzel thing I miss
there's no audio what are you boys doing
