well the the daily vlogs really haven't
been going that well this week as you
can tell uh my camera is somewhere in my
car I'm not sure exactly where since my
car is a big clusterfuck of random
little trinkets and we've just been out
enjoying Vancouver and meeting a bunch
of random people I love you guys you
guys just you the very um you come up to
me more than any other city so it's been
awesome meeting you guys so many nice
people we are we've gone to some comedy
clubs checked out a the aquarium gun
around and about and I like it I really
like your Vancouver most people know
from my main channel we're gonna be
meeting viewers today at 5pm and stanley
park next to the Stanley memorials day I
know it's the dude he has the arms is
like a I'm a fucking statue I don't know
I don't know the history but yeah so
we're gonna just enjoy Vancouver for one
more day and meet you guys hang out with
you guys get some dinner and then I I
have to start my 20-hour drive tomorrow
which will be a blast and uh yeah then
will be a will be living in cali for two
months yeah two months and so yeah it'll
be around Los Angeles we're gonna live
live there for two months and a lot of
people have been speculating why I'm
moving Phil are you doing hooking up to
are you retarded bill are you gonna be
on a TV show have you seen how awkwardly
chunky I am no now going to Los Angeles
to make a big I it's you know it's
summer I just want to I want to hang out
with my friends might as well be
somewhere close to the beach so you know
we're gonna go to cali for two months um
but continued obviously doing the show
and you know i think once we get settled
down there i'll be able to knock out the
show better and do the daily vlogs again
I don't so yeah I'm gonna go to
Vancouver things which in case you
didn't know is bang lots of asian girls
that's why here you guys do here and you
ride bicycles i don't know i'm joking
about the asian girls though I I have a
blonde she's she's in the other room
she's listening to though she's growing
angry
anyway I'm gonna I'm gonna go I love you
guys a long time and yeah hope to see
you soon while I'm not exhausted
