so hey there um why does this shirt look
so flamboyant on camera because it's
totally not in real life um I haven't
been filming much with the flip cam as
of late mainly because um anyway what's
going on now is the important thing on
the fourteenth of this month I'm going
to be meeting people and seattle's
outside of the space needle so if you're
in Seattle yeah come on be there or be
somewhere else um and it's Logan's going
to Vancouver I'm gonna be meeting people
on the 18th not really sure we're going
to meet up if you're in Vancouver send
me a message a big place a bunch of
people can meet up and then I want to
drive like a fucking maniac and
hopefully on the 20th or 21st i'll get
into Los Angeles or we'll just outside
of laws in Los Angeles and I'm gonna be
moving there for probably a month and a
half to two months so that's exciting
that'll be that's different I because
I'm gonna be moving over to of it to the
west coast for about two months that
means that the East Coast meetups are
going to be delayed postponed button by
no means canceled that's why we never
set any dates we kind of figured that
this might happen but right now in
Portland we're getting ready to go to
Seattle and Portland was fun you guys
have a really big bookstore lots of
bridges and um probably other stuff oh
the place that has bacon on their
doughnuts because apparently someone was
like what could we do to make a donut
worse for you bacon probably the most
notable thing that ever happened in
Portland to me was leaving a convenience
store two o'clock in the morning and
this guy just runs up to me is like man
man you get milk if you get milk you God
give me 90 set on the police almost
tricked me except for the fact that he
was a Coquette but I completely random
other notes after leaving YouTube
offices I started thinking what do
people want from YouTube and my idea is
if you could add a feature or get rid of
a feature or work on something what
would it be for YouTube what would you
like to see happen well talk to you guys
like
