oh my god I don't know
oh there's no animal
I saw the paper bag
oh oh wait we uh we're here I'm in the
forest so hey guys we are in the Avenue
of the Giants I figured I'd pull over
and do my little vlog Eve long as you
can tell these trees are insanely huge
and it's hot my back hurts I back hurts
um but yeah it's essentially about 30
miles of the same thing hey bad yeah so
if that gives you an idea of how big the
trees are that's my girlfriend and
that's part of a tree San Francisco is
fun we met up with a bunch of people
mainly business people and we hopped by
the other YouTube offices which we're
not allowed to film in but it was it was
really fun and it was cool we saw some
things that they're they're setting up
for YouTube and I got me more pumped
than ever about the other site and yeah
that's that's really that's really all I
did there
