it's the latest technology are you oh
yeah thirty dollars really doc
yeah so this is how will conduct the
rest of the meats yeah why not I just
like you guys actually did something
except for one I don't know what you're
talking about animal style animal self
last Bolton shakes whenever you can
imagine horrifies sweater in your he'll
make it for you whatever you imagine san
fran is very weird i can make gay jokes
i can't joke about frys all right so
after I signed your face is there
anything you want to say therefore my
friend ok talk about inner tube son only
to buy our visitor vu
I love you sir oh the muscles just beat
a girl and to Franco goes up to nothing
please winner
that's six winner winner chicken dinner
oh I did that too
iphone
they're hot
I
hi
Oh
ah
Oh
gotta keep this especially on this way
you
