half of my videos these days just people
holding flip cams what a loser Shea's
talking to his camera what a weirdo
weirdo I'm at a coffee shop every time I
try to fill something out there there
goes got the coffee shop with Starbucks
but i have my mind own caffeinated
organic great see who's the best
houseguest ever ever ever yeah remember
when you woke up and I was massaging
your feet I was like what's going on
what's going on i thinkI that was nice
they won what do you think about Obama
bombing Afghanistan you heard it here so
we're uh going to San Francisco we
decided that we're going to take the San
Francisco way no not San Francisco the
pacific coast highway which will be
pretty but extra alone compared to just
taking was it ten high five all the way
up but as you can see it's pretty it's
all over the coast and now i got to
drive
now we are in San Francisco and mice
jack is going to get a haircut I'm gonna
edit together some videos there were no
video as previously because at the the
Los Angeles mean meet up I went to throw
someone in the ocean tripped and fell
into the ocean ruining my my smaller
camera it took me like a day or two to
find this one that i'm talking to you
right now and yeah yeah so where our
back on track whoo oh and I almost
forgot if you are in San Francisco um
monday at five pm at pier 39 where all
the the seals are we will be having a
mini meet there so if you want to come
and hang out and meet up and such just
yet go there and stuff
