busy what's up now you're in a good mood
now the cameras on not the guy ate my
girlfriend I'm not a killer no it's all
about Hakuna Matata you should see now
Colonel belt on what a wonderful phrase
Hakuna Matata ain't no fashion craze me
know
you
I had to actually record this woman
because she was the biggest bitch
possible and I wanted to call her
leather face but apparently the locals
had a name for her which was Elvira and
she was the biggest bitch actually I
want to thank the Diamondback fans that
apologized on her behalf the reason she
was a bitch was because she started
screaming in our ears because my
girlfriend was wearing a brave shirt and
the they were playing the Diamondbacks
and we were being respectful but she was
like i'm old and I'm a bitch and I look
like rather face and possibly my face
will be made into a couch one day I have
your express written consent to use this
video
any on the behalf of mlb.com right
