oh hey what's up West Texas um I didn't
know this but apparently when they were
like making Texas when God was making
taxes he was like let's make it the most
boring fucking place on the planet this
is what this is Texas this is West Texas
just me and um nothing it's peaceful
though like wait just there's not a
sound for miles bring the beginning of
the video I'm like fuck taxes and I'm
like it's so nice are on our way to New
Mexico then we we get into Phoenix and
hopefully we can find a hot air balloon
and smells get out here enough montage
phil i am in arizona phoenix arizona to
be specific i am about to head out to a
chase field to scope it out before the
meet tomorrow so yeah if you if you want
to come hang out and you're in phoenix
arizona we have the Phoenix Arizona
meets at chase field which is where the
Arizona Diamondbacks play at five
o'clock out front I will hang out for
like an hour an hour and a half and if
you want to go into the game with us
because we're gonna go to the game we
figured it was the best way we could fit
in as much as possible of in Arizona
link in the sidebar you can get the
ticket I think it's like seventeen
dollars and we're all gonna chill in the
outfield most likely the group inside
will be smaller so I'll be able to
interact with people more once again it
just part of me I'm like please there be
few people and I think it might actually
happen in Phoenix because it is so hot
here so hot i was out sounds like this
is my skin is burning um but yeah so if
you want to hang out um I'm looking
forward to meeting you guys and hanging
out with you and looking awkward which
is what I'm apparently good at so yeah
all the informations in the sidebar and
looking forward to seeing you there and
stuff just to Claire
by a few simple things the reason we are
doing it through paypal is because i had
to contact them and reserve a group set
of tickets and i have to pay by like one
or two tomorrow before the game
otherwise we don't get the tickets all
next to each other so you pay there then
I go oh that's how many people actually
want to show up and then I get the
tickets and then you come and you're
like I bought the ticket here is my
receipt and I go well here is your
ticket sir that's why am i doing
exaggerated voices I don't know but this
that is why we're doing that and yeah
its first come first serve and yeah it
should be interesting don't get drunk
next to me and throw hot dogs on me
plays that's the only thing throwing hot
dogs on me not cool unless you're also
throwing dollar dollar bills y'all
