magic use magic fingers I fill did you
stop doing that annoying sound because
the comments no I just figured I'd you
know switch it up today a little bit you
know you don't lie to me their comments
shamed you they shame do it yeah just
like this because they shamed me I'll do
this oh ha ha ha I want to go back to
watching this preview preview of what so
went one of the tests I have to see if I
like it enough to put it up on to Frank
Lilly okay we got to see it's very early
on we weren't planning on releasing
anything probably at least a month but
maybe just to give people a taste cold
love what are you here for so you know
how we had the Valentine's Day design
contest yes the two teams we're gonna go
around and gonna ask people how many
search they think each team sold okay
whoever's team wins they get to get a
lunch on the company lunch alright but
then whoever guesses closest to the
sales numbers on that winning team gets
to pick the lunch okay any thoughts bill
no I mean I already know the numbers so
I can't participate
like I don't which I call our number is
every single day cool so you know who
already what team one I know everything
all right Phil well I'm gonna go around
do that and then we'll announce the
winner winners winners a team winner and
the winner winners yeah yeah Joe love
Mondays Phil love Mondays all right Phil
I think I said all right feel like three
times you said a lot of stuff a lot of
times by but I'm guessing who guessing
what you think the sales numbers are for
each T weeks or Pat damn it I don't know
I'm saying come up with an idea I just
wing it and I don't
Joker Oh God you don't like that movie
inside out with emotions I want to know
what it's like inside Joe's head like
like no just I think it's always a happy
emotion which is all over no it's that
one guy that's like really angry and
he's like yes you got it so we're gonna
do in a little contest within the
contest where you have to guess what you
think the sales numbers are like how
many shirts did each team so your shirt
was what my shirt was the salty hearts
okay salty hearts yeah okay have a
winner
assuming I just know it right I think
the salty hearts has sold somewhere 900
rain Pacific number but you got a
specific dish 927 okay and then verse
what 40 okay okay thank you for guessing
and thank you for making fun of me for
about 30 minutes
oh you have to guess how many searches
that each team self okay okay let's say
we sold 500 I want to say the other
teams sold six I guess how many shirts
you guys sold 100 Becky versus the
saltier shirt everyone loved that
everyone in the office worth 700 750 700
I'll go with 700 okay boys you have to
guess how many shirts were sold by each
team oh you guys on different teams
right yes we were and I still don't get
bears so probably under on drew what
about you I'm going to show a little bit
more faith in this team I'll say a
hundred and twelve for this team okay
which is you close and for salty hearts
let's getting 585 okay 585 all right
which is we clear he's also on the same
page that we're winning and then what
about the other thing how do you think
they won yeah you close I'm gonna go a
little higher okay you close on their 20
and I'm gonna say 315 for this retards
okay I was on the salty hearts team okay
which definitely won my guess is we got
450 and you close I'm gonna guess 110
all right calibrating 83 okay all right
and then you I think that numbers are
way higher than that I was team you
close for the record okay positive we
lost singles club whatever that sure was
I'm gonna guess they sold like 800 800
even you don't want to be specific I'm
fine with 800 and then you close sold
maybe to 10 okay alright Sam what team
are you on I'm on the relationship you
close yeah okay here's the thing though
and I have a working theory that's not
really a theory it's a fact single
people have more money single people
also don't have a so2 say no don't buy
that shirt and stuff so single people
are just wild cut loose money spenders
okay people don't have friends I mean
some friends can tell you not to buy a
shirt but like you got like a wife she's
like no you're gonna find that dumb
shirt are you saying that you made a lot
of bad decisions in your life where's
everybody where's your team we're all
the team screw the other guys really
facility all right Christy reveal the
numbers
and the loser is how many or just say
our item sold the winning team salty
hearts 524
how do you feel not for it's not their
fault they got a horrible concept yeah
what Zacks fault I don't mean the idea
for a shirt that's like yeah that's hard
Oh fun there we go all right we're
leaving
hello hi Briana hi I'm just letting you
know you got the closest guess yeah
you're pretty cool where do you want to
go eat we're gonna do it during a work
day like I don't know what you and what
you do all day but I really do have work
to do
yeah I know your folks I kind of want
you to get fired
