Oh motherfucker don't do that sir doing
sir done zip for today's Oh we'll make
it look we got a new type of video today
they'll keep me you know about this
maybe you don't so you've had this idea
of getting people to face their fears
but the worry is if you say hey we're
gonna make a video where you face your
fears you're not gonna say like your
actual fear so he decided to send this
this whole survey around the office I
featured a bunch of different things and
then just a little bit it was like hey
by the way what's your biggest fear but
that said uh enjoying the displeasure of
everyone that's going to be in this
video so what are we what are we doing
why are my hair what's what's happening
we're gonna have you guys on your fears
oh is a commitment good to be here for
hours
my hands are sweating already no no man
all right if that's on my door I'm not
leaving yeah I refuse to open that door
getting cock and fucking doing all the
windows all of everything no so dark
down I just don't like what like what is
that
is that my god I see it there yeah
there's a creature there no why my hands
are sweaty yeah why on earth would you
ever be like yes this is you know this
is fun that's um I just don't like that
you can't see what you're going I don't
even like pools that are too deep just
jump bitch no you're so dumb just die
but cease look it's like a statue though
right so it's not like is it absolutely
look at that why is it so flat it looks
like it died like it's exhausted this
kids wearing cargo shorts
yeah and he's on a mountain he's by the
dye and cargo shorts that's how you want
to be remembered is he wearing like food
service bugs
these aren't gloves they're all wearing
gloves look man one planks yeah that
that's just that's a big staple isn't it
I don't trust it any a bit part is
definitely racing people riding bikes
now motherfucker don't do that all for a
picture that's the absolute worst that
is I think that's the worst one are you
guys yes we're all in on the joke
fucking news you got a little slack Hey
fuck yeah I feel like he's never coming
back no cuz that doesn't even look like
she's swimming out she's getting sucked
in
she's attractive all right so far so
good
come into this let me just she even
knows she's like I shouldn't be doing
this I just don't understand what gives
you like the dizzy desire like what
makes you think oh you know what I'm
gonna do today
Lu like why would have no idea what
they're huge
there's only one thing I like about this
video if you look hard enough there's a
city beautiful truck but Sir want more
for your life you're too hard for your
body to just throw it off a building
look at the face she's like I don't know
oh my god why do you do this you are my
sweaty boy you don't know if you know
what you're jumping to know you know he
does his death step on it just to be
sure
hmm go get a hammer god I don't like
that completely black it's like you
can't see anything
Oh madam my face is so flush fuck that
man I don't know if I can do that one
not take me some curves everything's
have time to talk myself up idiot I hate
that guy you should procreate oh god no
holy shit but you're above the clouds no
dude this is the shit that I'm talking
about and this is like the psycho of
spider movies do not go into that
crevasse tell me that's not like a big
ol trench yeah stay on the building like
20 feet off how is this building out at
all this building can't be stirred this
isn't even like a built this is like
they're still building this this is now
oh dude every time I shower okay how
many people are like trying to go there
bumping into each other that's not a
ladder where your feet on know your feet
are just pressed against it you wrecked
at home now it's past
oh no why would you again I just don't
understand then this like the want to do
that like I want to eat a tub of ice
cream I don't want to jump into a hole
in the ocean oh my god how did you not
feel that and they try to be all sexy a
badly gas system huge shock defense like
nah man uh that's me when I'm fuckin
yeah let's die together
oh my god how do you know I get up at
the top of me like oh man I got shit
like sweaty Ron three better not be
doing this in real life I'm not gonna do
well with this and cause anxiety yeah
fuck you do not play oh I hate this
doctor walked out I do nothing it's just
me here I can't get away from it at all
fuck with this shit man you guys are
assholes we do feel like let me send out
a questionnaire would you feel I shoulda
said farts or something yeah I know I'm
on flat ground and I'm still terrified
not that scary you dick did you know
there's a giant spider behind you slept
over through the skid I can't do this
dude
don't you take your fingers off the
lights got out them dude I need my weed
pen no shit
oh my god you just keep going oh my yeah
this makes me super nurse I don't know
what I'm supposed to do I feel like
they're getting closer but I could just
be going nuts that was terrifying like I
knew I was on ground but then I was
still like this is this is the worst
experience my entire life Oh heart is
racing that's my turn will James get
farther tune in next time on Dragon Ball
I'm free I'm not gonna swing at you I
problem I might I just don't like
elevators look at that we got sky brush
we got fire deck we could be in all
these better goddamn it you're under the
water oh my god oh my god I hear the
bees there's a lot of them fuck next up
is spiders what were those threw knives
I feel like you have to go up into the
spider part look it's that crane that
idiot was climbing on yeah that's weird
I'm not into it oh my god do you know
how close I feel to pee I feel so sick
to my stomach
alright so here comes the knives come on
yep we're good yeah everything's fine
good can I use these to kill the spiders
okay I really fucking hate whales oh my
god that's a big bitch oh
no I don't like it I don't like it I
don't like it oh yeah you feel something
like you're not feeling anything but you
feel something like when the ground hits
you're like my hands feel no there's a
giant spider behind you slept over I
don't even want this please don't please
don't please don't like this I don't
like this I don't like this I don't like
this I really like I don't want this I
don't fucking want this hmm hey buddy oh
okay hey I wish I had my eyes closed I
mean I'm not afraid of heights anymore
go straight to hell I'm scared of
nothing I do not like that why are we
such pussies absolutely no no this ain't
no good way of getting rid of that's
like saying hey oh you don't like
Heights
okay let's go stand on top of a bridge
and look down you'll be fine so you know
I think people should face their fears
and face their problems problems
I forgot how afraid I wasn't wails I
have this weird reoccurring dream gonna
meet my whale look Pinocchio fuck me up
is good know you can still try to face
it you might be able to get over it if
you still can't then you can't but I
think you should try you know that I can
it's that attitude that's holding you
back Jason cuz like yes you can god damn
that was like the worst that was the
worst that was the worst
yeah good fucking bye well thank you
thank you I thought I had friends here I
don't you guys are all assholes you're
fine
all right do that John McClane all those
motherfuckers know I'd shimmy my ass
from right out of there you ever seen MC
Hammer
yeah hammer time is out fucking can't
touch this
