last time on the hills of Dallas I don't
get why you think that I mean I don't
know anymore I just thought I'd get to
it over this away from Dallas to Phoenix
we had to make a stop in Midland because
I don't like driving for too long as I
have a vagina so he stopped in Midland
because I lindsay's old friend Laura
husband Leighton are amazing baby trip
invited us and we decided to hang out
with them can you see him mmm like
beetles and they're awesome what's up
extra handsome Lincoln's ooh do you like
being handsome buddy just smiled what is
that really he loves girls so laughing
hurt if he doesn't you know he like he's
like I'm the weirdest moments of the
night was actually when Lindsay decided
to do the thing that no girlfriend
should ever do actually no that would be
sucking dick I think would actually be
but the thing that new girlfriend should
ever do like someone else's you're
really gonna be like what and I was like
no no I meant someone else's am I say
that he's Lindsay's baby
the best things about hanging out with
the old friends they always have like
pictures and embarrassing videos and I
could not wait to see it and share it
with the world that's me away this very
so so this is the first day here I'm
eating some gushers I've always like
that and right now we're doing is great
it was fun um thanks again if you're
watching for letting us hang out with
you guys end up if you want to check out
Laura's channel as trip and her
pregnancy and everything like that link
in the description but the travel
continues see you next time
