I chop really loud swim hotel lobby
waiting for its bread but I think Phil's
might be overwhelmed ATT plaza there's
no one fucking here serious there's no
one here I have a little nervous I'll be
honest but as long as it's it's under 50
I'm gonna be good I think there's only
like 20 people there so he should we
should be relatively good oh my god
what's up Dallas this is overwhelming I
should you know what's up I don't know
what we're gonna do you are awesome I
was like a Southern Man you might be the
bamf of the day for bringing this that
is great I could sign that Pope poster
that has nothing to do with me sign your
video gaming okay so um there are a few
more of you guys that I expect oh hey
Brent what's up buddy that was supposed
to stay next to me the entire time
anyone uh did anyone there was supposed
to be somewhere else right now
we have friends in Brazil at our house
were in Houston wow did anyone can
anyone beat that my dad oh you're a liar
singing prove it let's go that'd be
perfect oh no he's gonna make a video
two days and I'm gonna be like oh shit
it was true oh shit why why do you look
almost Ronnie on camera because I hide
my fat that's the best thing about the
Internet you could you see me here
you're like he's like five foot two and
a hundred pounds you like massive I saw
your comments what a joke have you ever
met a Jew cape with Tourette's oh well
then awesome figure out what to do with
it like cuz I've lost 30 35 pounds
altogether just had heart surgery I'm
gonna get 10 more pounds all I'm
thinking the only thing I could come up
with this wrist like an Amish person and
go to the mall or a lumberjack and carry
an ax around what do you think Amish
Amish your lumber daughters it's like
what Tupac head bodyguards like us keep
your wife that was random but I imagine
true so this is this is unexpected hey
what's up so um believe me my friend he
won't be
BBC what's your name I'm Anthony Anthony
Anthony do you think this is a little
weird well I'm getting with the
technology right so you guys okay yes I
love damn you means you love you love
the really awkward acting hold on
tactics I feel like we should know that
someone like this so of the the crowd is
kind of filter down yeah yeah it's been
four hours get into the baby get better
get into panic here we going so we're
analysis with this guy's beneficial
right now we have no idea what to do the
crowd was way too big and finally
thinned out and now we're gonna see if
we can rent a patio we're not rent about
really ready we're just sort of laying
we're gonna try taking the commandeering
their ticket oh that's crap I'm thinking
everyone needs to sit on laps I'm laughs
what your house up lit up there with you
all right all right what just happened
some examining shit it's Alice very nice
or they like to invite you to gank but
we'll take off on that later Leila's and
Dallas wants her to come back they do
for the gang bangs
you
