so um it is the a.m case you didn't
realize by my awesome hair that's
awesome oh really you're recording me
record myself in the mirror awesome we
started today with bad news that it
might rain in Dallas and we had not set
up a backup place so um yeah um but we
gotta find one ASAP
so DeFranco in texas but we are talking
to people I imagine you are a local sir
yeah okay nice to meet you saying the
same and so do you have a amazing fact
about Texas yeah it's real famous for
its BBQ BBQ BBQ BBQ okay I'm gonna do
actually stopped at the wrong one no
there's a bodacious right now I heard
about that now we're uh we're traveling
we have to do something Dallas anything
special in Dallas there's a lot of
places to see in doubt you have reunion
tower please it really hole around
dallas fort work what do Texans do for
memorial day we hear like you guys do it
up well a lot of like four wheels okay
now you see a lot of look around you and
you see a lot of four wheeler argent man
thank you very much sir hey you bet ya
there hey guys we are now here in Dallas
Texas God's most beautiful place on
earth according to me until I leave it
at an unnamed hotel because last night
at two of you and Monroe Louisiana found
my car and left this note which was
appreciated thank you for not um
breaking in my windows and leaving it
there thank you for the note it was
awesome much love to monroe louisiana
but yeah we're gonna scope out the the
place that we think we're gonna have the
other meetup tomorrow a little scared
I'm actually kind of hoping for a
smaller turnout or doesn't we're just
kind of feeling it up so we'll see
how you digging this spot you love it
hello that's very cool this guy there my
friend do I will be meeting you guys
here in dallas texas at AT&T plaza
victory park and we will be there at
five p.m. monday memorial day we should
be there for one or two hours and we're
not really sure how many people who
expect it could be like 20 it could be
triple figures we're not really sure
because it's memorial day and i guess
we'll see i'm looking forward to seeing
you talking to you meeting you and um
yeah we're gonna go out and do some
dallas e stuff
