hello world it's 1122 I think we're
supposed to leave about 50 minutes ago
but Lindsay has been gone for an hour
and a half getting shoes awesome and
this is how things starts then they I
have a new camcorder oh my god new
camper you know it sucks I got this new
camcorder because I thought I lost the
other one and then I lost the batteries
for the new one and then right next to
my old camcorder so let's return it no
no it's not return it no I don't I think
that this is good to stimulate the
American economy Alabama I think that's
oh I'm sorry not bumfuck Brooke would
Alabama and you know it's uh Alabama II
I've seen three teeth since I've come
through but other than that
awesome awesome state you got here
I hate the police I hate the police fuck
the Poli of this planet so far nothing
to say bad about Mississippi love you
guys so far my eyes are on you
Mississippi I've been working it is
every two or three hours we're taking a
we're switching seats so that one
doesn't go crazy I've I've gone about
three and a half hours mainly because I
trust myself with my car in the rain but
I don't trust anyone else with my car in
the rain
she can relate to you we just got into
our hotel I don't want to brag or
anything
we're in Monroe Louisiana had a Holiday
Inn Express you're like oh my god Phil
are you a sex genius no ladies I just
stayed at a Holiday Inn Express last
night is it funny tomorrow we're headed
towards Dallas and we're gonna go do our
own thing and then scope out Victory
Park most likely for the the Monday meet
which is happening at Victory Park 5:00
p.m. will we'll get a definite location
this is a big-ass place and yeah so I'm
gonna go get sleep because I've been
driving all day
