you have to dig Gilda sat and I just
exchanged them at a mazda dealership I
got voted for you he said that he can
take them all
I think they like what I'm filming
something I realized with my new glasses
is if I take the glasses off I look like
a different person it's weird I think so
at least I like um like that my designer
jeans make it look like I pissed my
pants what's that I like these do you
like them oh do you like them so I'm
probably one of the best things of
tonight was at dinner my girlfriend's
aunt or whatever she was called me my
girlfriend's ex boyfriends name which
was awesome it wasn't awkward at all and
that was blatant sarcasm it's very weird
but um you know what are you supposed to
do go no yeah it's actually what you are
supposed to do and I did and it was only
a little bit awkward but since I had an
awkward moment I shared it with you I
only feel like it's fair world that you
share your you're really awkward moment
with me so a text or video response
shoot it back sends it out to your
friends ask them to what is the weirdest
most awkward thing that's ever happy to
get spread it spread it like herpes
don't spread like herpes
