okay so we're at the Bridgestone um
apparently the car needs new new tires
the RX eights only take really like
performance tires so I was actually
surprised it's only gonna be a thousand
it still sucks
still still sucks cuz it's money but I'd
rather uh I'd rather spend the money
then gets stuck on the side of the road
but that's just me Oh jennifer Love
Hewitt don't look at me that way
don't stop believing in Jesus because
Jesus will kill you if you don't um
hello world is what is today today is
Thursday it is off day for the show
yesterday did not have a vlogedy log day
DeFranco reason for that I was on
medication it was not prescribed but it
made me feel good and so I was like do I
make a video or indulge my drug habit
drug habit um today is just making sure
that I don't die on the side of the road
somewhere in America first part of the
trip we drive like nine hours then we
drive for hours then we hit in Dallas I
don't even know what the fuck we're
doing in Dallas I think that we should
have a giant game of freeze tag and then
we go from Dallas nine hours to hang out
with Lindsay is old buddy then we go to
Phoenix where I don't know we're gonna
do Phoenix sort of things but there's
nothing to do here and it's hot oh but
look there are hot chicks hey that's
what I heard
Phoenix is like really fast I just want
to thank all the people that don't give
me shit about you know random stuff I
feel you were agreeing yesterday why are
you wearing green again God why are you
why didn't you make a video yesterday I
live for your vlogs and you don't even
keep up with them and I'm so angry and
calm down calm down I have a drug habit
that comes first before the videos today
you personally sir
make me feel like percocet you can be my
best friends but until that day you all
thought something else I also want to
mention is of course that I just set up
a new Facebook page
I stood up it's like when there was
the fan pages just so I could have over
5,000 friends since Facebook's all funky
like that oh uh yeah add me there I'd
love to add you on the face BZ
that's what the kids called that two
years ago I don't know what they call it
now maybe it isn't the gradual
progression it is now the face bizzle
face biz the foot BZ I don't know
world's I'm going out of my mind and I
know I want to entertain you guys like
you know I want to be like Charles
Trippy and jump into a big pool of ice
water then I realize that's fucking
stupid
