hey rook walkin give it a look rook a
walk this morning and such a nice day I
feel like I should do something will you
do something with me audience if you
want to climb up your hand don't clap
your hands you'll just look silly and oh
this is not a good German I mean it's
not funny guy was trying to talk to you
it you know how I'm like what we're
talking a lot of times I can't
understand you or you can hear you can't
hear me or understand the air I can't
hear you understand you yeah like cuts
happening and you just didn't care it he
just kept talking and I was like I can't
hear you why won't you make the effort
to talk so I can hear you let me just
kept laughing and my mom got home like
option and then so I ran to the front
door as I heard of my mom that I came
back and you're my mom's room playing
this giant shallow first baseman nice a
Special Jury so he'll love me not cellos
mean happiness I always thought cellos
mean that you need to suck more dick oh
I don't have my dream-book on them I
promised I wouldn't record while I was
driving but Lindsay told me that
Europeans don't wear deodorant overseas
that's true
it's a maybe it's not but haha i like
how i turn the camera on your whimpering
changes because people are so quick to
call people out but it's like fridge and
hygienic and stuff and when i went
overseas a lot of people
so baby it's just people i choose to
surround myself I don't know yeah or are
you attracting the track smelly people
maybe like you attract cloud people in
theaters oh yeah what it is I'm about
getting my eat on at jure je Krista
feezy that's so fucking stupid oh yeah
we're about to eat some breakfast I know
you're like holy shit Phil why don't you
make that nasty-ass looking really make
that nasty breakfast you were eating oh
my door was locked eat that nasty
breakfast hurry in this morning Jesus
what why is it going that was kind of
mean o people died I'm never I'm gonna
live forever and I'm gonna haunt you
thanks
always one of the car that's just much
cooler than me we're thinking about
getting one of these for the car instead
of having a bagel macbook think it would
be easier ready Lindsay no I want to do
us no I just think that we need to do it
now the thing to keep in mind is Lindsay
over there um she's uh she's crazy and
she she gets like overwhelmed and what
she wants to do so she's like I think
that's and that's just need a box so I'm
vlogging this is this is when we have
our alone blogs now we edit them
together later do you think these that's
it I do believe those would fit and I
think that's the kind of stuff we needed
compared to what you were looking at it
no oh the camera wait shouldn't we grab
like to John thought oh ok so we've been
talking to some of the people from
Dallas scheduling everything out and
it's looking like our Dallas mini meet
up for the DeFranco Tour de DeFranco day
to Franco day I don't know if I can talk
about will be Dallas in victory park
most likely at 5pm by 5pm I did not say
the big it will be a may 25th that's a
monday Monday May twenty-fifth victory
park 5 p.m. bring your video cameras and
a smile and if you have it a big set of
breasteses on this play I'm playing
everything's big in Texas I was just
saying I'm just do it with your
breasteses
I'll see you guys there hopefully it
works out and if you uh if you are going
let me know in the comments down below
and yeah we're gonna we're going to try
and set some stuff up boom
