the only bad thing about Atlanta is it
likes to rain randomly since it's the
most miserable place on the planet and I
like to walk places so that equals Phil
gets wet and then looks like a crazy guy
holding a camera in the rain I got an
umbrella and it's awesome and get super
that's my song that's my song I'm so
yesterday I forgot to make a video and
it's because I lost my camera and I was
like I'm gonna find it wait a second I
have a DD and I completely forgot what I
was doing so one of the things I'm
trying to do for the mini meets that
we're gonna be doing during the North
American bailout Tour de DeFranco which
is the name I just gave it just now want
to do something cool cuz with all the
other meats or whatever it's usually
like hey let's meet up and maybe get a
drink so I'm trying to think of things
we could do together I got a few ideas
some might not fly because I might need
for people to sign waivers and then I
would be weird um but we'll see we'll
see we'll see how it goes waivers what
does he want to do it's not anything
sexual I'm kind of no no so a lot of
people have been asking me Phil how are
you going to stream live like you've
been saying from your car while you're
doing your road trip and the way that
we're going to do it is we're going to
jailbreak the iPhone which we've we've
already done there's a program in in
this thing that comes up cydia that um
it's called pdanet and it lets you
tether your iPhone to your laptop for
those who don't understand what tether
means it means essentially that I'm
going to use my phone to connect to the
internet and my laptop's going to
connect to my phone internets there oh
the way we're going to use pdanet on the
iphone to connect to the laptop is we're
going to go over here and we're going to
create network and we'll call this one
hey hey definitely something to keep in
mind is you will want to password
protect this if you're a public place
and not in a car that's constantly
moving but yeah so now what will happen
is we're going to go to the I
phone the iphone is going to go oh hey
look there's this new connection called
hey hey let's connect to that so now the
phones connected to hey hey there is a
connection made between your laptop and
your phone and now I am going to scroll
over to PDA nuts ok so in pdanet it's
going to verify the connection very all
right so now it is connected oh look all
the shit on my computer is going to
start work aims on and just to see how
fast stuff is will refresh the website
and now keep in mind this is going to be
the SL speed at all it will be kind of
slow compared to high-speed internet but
let you see I mean it's it is working
where I click on it and I didn't click
on and I click on it and you know it
will take them it'll take a little bit
but i'll be able to research i'll be
able to go online and i guess most
importantly i will be able to go to blog
TV com where i'll be able to stream live
from my car and it will be it will be a
little tiny bit laggy but uh you know it
will be bearable and we're going to test
it right here wait so we're we're in Ron
blog TV right now we're going to tell it
to check us out to be a the isight
camera there we go and let's see and as
you can see here it is now letting me
broadcast live on blog TV now we're
going to check the latency check the
latency right here and we'll see are we
going so the way we're going to check
the latency is we have another computer
that is connected to the dsl and we're
going to see what kind of lag we
experience
amazing and so as you can tell it's like
30 seconds of lat Little Miss but it is
a continuous so it's nothing too bad so
yeah so we'll be able to streamline from
the road and I'm excited I'm really
excited
