so um today is a friday the way my
fridays usually work I I record the
video during the day I work out any last
minute deals that I don't want to have
to deal with over the weekend and
apparently today we're watching grey's
anatomy yay Lindsay's gone through
almost all five seasons in about two
hours um probably a few days yeah but I
haven't really seen I just I go oh
that's really interesting today we're
gonna go see angels and demons so I'm
hearing bad things about a but I'm
crossing my fingers and hoping that Ewan
McGregor and Tom Hanks can pull out a
decent movie together if not then um I
guess I'm gonna have to put in your butt
tonight oh my god hi this that's my
little wager I made with myself we're
prepping up for the travel thing we got
this this book frommer's USA Lindsey
knows we're doing in the south area
apparently um what are you doing in the
south we're leaving on the twenty-third
we're driving to shreve shrug Shreveport
Louisiana staying the night and then the
next day are driving to Dallas and what
we're gonna spend a day or two in Dallas
we can probably meet up and does a
meetup in dallas on the meetup in dallas
and then we're gonna make our way to
phoenix we're gonna stop in
crap I'll pass no first we're gonna stop
in Midland Texas to see my friend Laura
my childhood friend Laura right that's
that's okay we're gonna go to El Paso
and look at the border the Mexico border
and look at it and of course you know
hunt down any illegal immigrants trying
to come into the United States to feed
their families like I can care no we're
gonna make our way to Phoenix maybe go
to the Grand Canyon that would probably
take another two days and then Los
Angeles so that's that's the main idea
at the beginning yeah that's the main
idea that's the main idea yeah so as
long as the car doesn't explode it
should be good yeah and the ones they
don't cut each other so probably the
first meetup is going to be in dallas
but if you are around that area say that
you're gonna go so we have an idea of
how many people are gonna go like 106
people are saying go to dallas but out
of those people had a minute you're
gonna show up we don't it so and Phoenix
Dallas Phoenix in LA are gonna be
perfectly okay so yeah we'll have we'll
have dates set up soon but uh yeah we're
just planning it out and we still got a
week to go
