the wild James in his natural habitat I
think he's feeding mating know feeding
he's already back the cut comes through
I did two and a half hours and I'm gonna
oh man that's the goal I don't want to
get in anyone's way it is Amanda ship
this week yeah rocking everything
through the office and then and he'll
probably be done with his nap road maybe
there'll be like a 20 minutes difference
yeah yes sorry I didn't set I didn't set
it up Joe
I I didn't say separate I'm like so in
it Avenue baby baby Carter we also have
our son Trey Trey just got over being
sick which is probably the only reason
that I was able to make it work his
everything is fever broke everything
last night and then of course having a
little baby that likes to wake up every
two and a half three hours then cry at
me because I don't have boobs and
Lindsey hasn't started pumping it when
she does that will make everything
easier well last vlog you said that you
started breastfeeding could you try
breastfeeding him yourself
uh-huh yeah that was a real flip your
honor I also have no recollection of
anyone by the name of Joe nation or
rogue rocket and as a company I think I
think the green screen is pretty
convinced about that we have to now tell
people what's real and fake Phil they
don't know they can't tell if you like
black did he say that or did he just is
that yeah sorry to tell like is this
real Phil okay no no it's the green
screen Phil it's like it's so bad that
it's so good sweet all right well
apparently we're gonna do a little bit
of renovation in here Phil we're gonna
hook you up hopefully yeah whenever not
good then I just got to start slapping
people when I get back yeah well you
should get the hell out of here so we
can get to work not but but green screen
Phil Phil I need for you he's got us I
mean I'll probably mention this in PDS
it's gonna be the reason why I'm on
different sets I don't want to get in
anyone's way while they revamp things so
PDS that's gonna change this week oh all
right thanks Phyllis look I missed the
joke again I followed you but we can
still add in a noise yeah this is great
this is good Phil I have to go I have to
go
I'm I'm a father of two children you're
busy man bye Phil tell me what's
happening
lovely people Stover so our video a lot
of people were tweeting me and adding at
Stouffer's so I guess surfers notice and
then surfers follow me on Twitter I
jokingly tweeted them hey how many
favorites for a free noodle and they
responded and then they were like oh
let's make this happen and I'm like this
is happening and they're like it's
definitely happening within us the DM
and I'm like okay that's gonna MIDI em
oh okay we'll send you stuff I'm like
okay cool and they did i got mac and
cheese socks a nice notebook I got 15
free products that's great dopers hooked
you up take Stouffer's to go anywhere
you want now and keep it high of keeping
the cold sea if I had had this during
the competition no one wanted had cold
mac and cheese I was looking and I kept
seeing if Stouffer's would follow me but
they had so listening a little hard to
get even 5 emojis on their letter damn
free promo look at that is it free cuz
they gave me 15 coupons man did you
wanna tell me what the hell's going on
shit we have so much to do but our
custom desk just got delivered it's from
a nice gentlemen where he did custom
building wood furniture for us Phil's
gonna have a custom built desk it's bad
we're excited so yeah so pretty oh yeah
so we're not redoing this set yet we're
still thinking of what this will become
and its next iteration so I came up with
this set this changed from his Angry
Birds and posters to this and I think
we're gonna do a little more grow up
it's gonna be grown up it was a big boy
now
he's big boy now he's a dad of two
basically all of this this little all
this kind of mess we're dealing with a
little bit all of this is gonna change
so that we can have our meetings in here
and he can tape other things in here
that aren't the PDF he can do his makeup
maybe in a different area vanity mirrors
all the ladies be jealous those are
expensive
I'm gonna get filled on all this this
will be Clea gives me a goddamn anxiety
attack Joe does it does it give you a
look at all those cable it seems like a
fire hazard right there we don't need
bad luck pills on fire that would be the
great video do we have a fire
extinguisher I don't know
we should yeah I think we have one in
the in the kitchen okay well that's far
away from the mill we shouldn't maybe
get another fighter Joe now you just
made me super pair you don't have
neurotic I am no paranoid
what I told you I wasn't recording any
other route where are you doing what are
you doing he's fine fine so Phil's gonna
be doing the pds in here right in here
we're gonna set up a spiritual successor
PDF set right here so that he can keep
going while we keep remodeling his room
you must gonna be a thing what's gonna
be the motivation I think there's gonna
be a lot of motivation and themes and
character developments and we're gonna
try and make it look like the PDSA what
are you doing James
Keith wondering sport some fucker eat
you guys are gonna try and put us
through are you stuck on a question I
was stuck on fears would the fears that
you pick I did I put spiders and I
really tight spaces yeah if I like small
rooms but like spelunking we get to
crawl 40 meters and you can't turn your
head that's terrifying fucking loud in
here was talking so well is talking so
loud right so yes
fuck you Jason OH whoo looking good boys
Phil you excited for your new temporary
set yes Luke Ryan I think you're doing
great cool he's excited good one he's
happy Amanda
Joep this camera you're gonna break it
yeah mission break those camera so he
has to get a GH five distract them
they're busy they're writing pilots oh
I'm busy we're researchers so I got a
Google something quick Google me
something I didn't know what are you
wondering I want to know something that
I don't know
my small attention span is running out
taro no phobia y'all just find the same
fact yeah Oh Joe sorry you left your
camera laying around so I figured I'd
try to break it I used to I'm gonna go
after two weeks my honeymoon I think
you've taken over the log you're getting
married
usually go on the honeymoon after you
get married when's the wedding it's in
two months ago do I need a tuxedo yeah
your vitamin you're my best man Cody oh
I just want you to know how it feels how
it feels to be shown on camera I went to
the bathroom I'm cool with that you want
to join yeah
Wow you never see the guy on camera oh
shit were high energy this guy didn't
know which way table goes Randy we're in
training you're vlogging he wants
attention whether you want attention we
have it we got it we got the thumbnail
oh shit what's up James is setting up
the light we gotta film this the wild
James and its natural habitat till it is
home but turn the other direction
I think he's feeding mating no feeding
exactly trainings over hey Phil where'd
your caps go I don't know did you like
that couch spill yeah are you looking
forward to your new room Phil no you
still turn to breast feed Carter yeah
new merch fill the Phil DeFranco blow-up
doll what do you think about that that's
a horrible idea
well how about we put a cutout of me
right here yeah what do you think about
that Phil I think that's a great idea I
think I cut out joe itself yeah yeah
I'll just take nine percent royalties
okay yeah I get 90 percent you get 10
perfect just say ok if you agree
ok great perfect perfect I'll draw up
the paperwork thank you that's amazing
I'm having so much fun oh and I think
you should fire James ok ok
no have fun these are songs that are
actually written by someone else but you
never know
wouldn't like every youtuber being there
anyway there's some people that just do
the freaking covers they never do it's
20 of me do one song yeah this is
amazing well you're so talented man
