it's be good oh hello world I hate when
we're going as a son cuz I always squint
and why are you in pain are you sick as
always um so we are at best buy we're
going to be getting a GPS fry road trip
um for those that don't know acronyms
that has global positioning system
anyway the reason we're doing so is
because Lindsey's out of skool yay
school and so we want to go do something
because I've always I always travel
without Lindsey and so we're gonna we're
gonna go on a road trip together see
some things she's some people yes I'm
sorry Lizzie would you like to take the
stage well so i'm outside of bank of
america lindsey is pulling some cash
from a bank account uh we're uh yeah
we're getting all our funds together to
make sure we get the trip um one of the
things that I have to make sure is i
have to time my trip on to the west
coast into everything so that i can do
this business thing that I have to do
that's going to pretty much pay for the
entire trip so that we don't have to do
it sponsored and I'm not like yeah I'm
in Texas thanks to maxi pads because you
never know when your flow is gonna
become too much to control you know I
don't I'd rather just you know do it so
I'm we're doing this this thing with
these people sorry I always have to keep
it really like and then I'm gonna go to
the place with the thing and buy those
stuff and then sniff it into my nose you
know so no one knows what I'm talking
about below this is some trick pool yeah
ah this is how we uh we go shopping
and appendicitis because you can't go on
my road trip now bitch hey guys so we
have a map on the board we are placing
possibilities where we're definitely
going to go where we might have meetups
so if you do want to come meet up come
possibly do something we're still making
everything setting everything that
setting everything up depending on how
many people are going to show up yeah
link over here um just pretty much in
their words won't come out of my mouth
but you can go over to the link click it
and say I want you to be here the best
way to get me there though is to
definitely pick the one of the bigger
cities near you because it's like I'm
not gonna be like welcome to bumfuck
Egypt uh Texas um you know like Austin
doubts things like that but uh yeah do
that and you know we're set it up and I
think it'd be fun for me hopefully it'll
be cool for you and yeah and yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
