oh hey what's up oh my mom doesn't like
the camera at all she's are you camera
shy um yes sir the progressive cold and
they were like you don't have insurance
and I was like I like insurance was like
okay so here's your insurance we just
needed your permission to charge you
even though you sent in permission we
just wanted to make sure that we had
permission to accept the permission so
that we had permission and I was like I
have no idea what you're saying but just
charge me charge me money and protect me
heavenly angel called progressive and
they did what I mean let's go I've been
waiting for 10 minutes are you uh are
you a mac fanboy now you gotta say some
of the camera eventually I got it I've
been filming all day if you movie like
what's it like to hang out with your mom
I'll be like apparently very quiet right
yeah say something funny you're next oh
I love you haha look at the face oh he's
been he's been swerving in and out of
lands and you can obviously tell it's
like not the first time in the back of
its car
good job here hit they get it um so guys
that's actually all the footage I have
of my mom because my mom won't let me
film her unless the entire video is up
her going now and then stop no stop mmm
um so yeah my mom was here for three
days which was good as he saw as he saw
yesterday I was pretty good but um she
she did the mom thing she came over I'm
23 she still cooked cleaned did all my
clothes my house is made it my house
looks like um the day I moved in so a
lot of people always ask Phil what is
your your place look like um so I guess
I'll show it to you since it's clean for
the first time in a while um this is my
hallway and there we go I like to have a
monkey picture theme I definitely want
to get more monkey pictures in the
future stuff on the walls lovely blah
blah I'm to the kitchen you know kitchen
whatever show you the fridge there's
nothing really in the fridge but we got
the living room TV couches and such then
we got a guest bathroom number one here
you know regular regular bathroom stuff
then this is my favorite room in that
and the entire entire place is my office
um you know I got my board which helps
me keep my schedule schedule that's what
I do wireless printer random stuff and
here's my three screen setup I got my
laptop my imac and then essentially just
my video games that's what it is and
then of course monkey the chin
definitely my favorite room in the house
so then we move on and something to keep
in mind is I just really I haven't
filled this place out because I'm just
renting it for a year this is kind of
just a holder place and hopefully i'll
be up here soon enough so then we got we
got to go upstairs God we got the new
washer and dryer steamers and stuff then
of course the bed which okay I don't
know if you've ever I don't know women
most most women I've noticed in my life
like to make the bed right before you go
to sleep which never really make sense
to me it's like we're gonna lay it in
two seconds but um we have that and then
the non matching side is my side because
i need to go new lamp then this is
lindsay's closet which i will not open
my closet which i will not turn the
light on yeah and then of course the
master bathroom um so you got the
stand-up shower here the bath all around
shit that's a long line of course the
toilet and then the poppy we have
another puppy we have another puppy how
do we get another puppy I don't even see
you um gonna walk walk walk walk walk
walk walk walk and then we got another
bathroom over here this one we really
never use unless we have a lot of people
over he's really no reason for this
and then the last room is like a semi
semi workout room the idea was that I
was gonna be here for two years but I'm
not going to do that anymore so I never
really really made this room but I
wanted it to be but you know you got the
bench with weights and then treadmill
and that of course the view down to the
true living room so that's my place a
lot of you guys well y'all want to see
your place so that's that's my place I
didn't paint the walls we don't have
crazy amounts of shit other than my
office which is like where I am eighty
percent of time I'm not traveling so
yeah I I hope you guys learned something
I don't know
