oh it hurts when i swallow that she said
ha ha ha oh hey I have the swine flu not
really but um my throat just kinda hurts
and stuff um I have footage I'm too
tired to edit it today essentially I
went to breakfast did 80 things and now
i'm home moms hanging out with me she is
fun day with but she's got a terrible
timing as um yeah my throat just hurts
people are always like failure always
sick well the fact of the most the time
i'm not most the time just tired and I'm
looking for sympathy but um yeah today
is like a legitimate day because I have
I have allergies and what's sad about
that is I don't know I had allergies um
until like a year ago I thought I just
got sick around the same time every year
um so part of that is because I'm a
moron and then part of that is because I
didn't have good health care um I
actually had to go see the doctor from
The Simpsons hi everybody that guy yeah
that guy yeah I didn't get the cool
giddy black doctor son of a bitch um oh
but you know uh it's going away really
fast now it only hurts on the left side
and hopefully I'll be in working order
for wednesday but I'm just gonna hang
out here with my new friend hulu um you
know we're just getting to know each
other and I should have a good night
just me my endless cups of cocoa and my
pillow so I hope you guys are having it
much better Tuesday than myself and uh I
don't know other stuff that makes you go
up or fill i wish i was there so I could
put your my I also would like to put my
hand in your head my hand
brain no work
