so am I told Lindsay today is a special
day we are not allowed to talk to each
other we have to sing starting now come
on I believe it is your son Lindsay that
does not count for shit I say this legit
it comes from my heart and yes it may be
a key but you and me we could last
forever or at least two more months two
more months two more months from today
two more months then I'll announce a
gang dyckia I'd like yeah oh I really
like sheep furniture are we going on
here uh because we can't go in there
it's packed you're packed you pusses
pants party poppin push it poppin hey
pops why did you get a man voice to sing
for shit poppin little girls is pussy
poppin it sounds a weird but they pop it
I like that the puppet that sounds like
you're a Pokemon thrown out an attack
you added an accent to it hey pop what's
up no but it would be awesome to have
them all yeah I'd have no problem with
taking up smoking lots of weed to be
able to pull this off this is uh this is
what I like to do when I come to stores
with a good shopping carts that that can
turn as Lindsay is demonstrating
certainly a shit ton of boxes this is
probably the first out of the gate e
terms is my mom's coming today yeah so
this is this will be interesting
take that cardboard boxes
