oh hey what's up Lindsay yeah I like you
glasses yeah I think so yeah I think he
looks so smart do it box office so I
realized that they closed the spa /
place where they cut my hair but it has
been replaced with a hurricane simulator
which is interesting so I figured we
should do that see what it's like
so apparently in a hurricane all that
really happens is your hair gets messed
up I think that's what happens in
hurricane and I'm slobbering on myself
kiss man I'm in a rush to get ready yeah
just go in here Jesus Christ hello
whatever you want whatever like I
thought there'd be water with her well
I'm glad there wasn't water very very
happy with that
forget it yeah is that a growler random
camera thanks to Rick who sold him to us
on craigslist that sucks him the story
behind Rick is he's a gentleman who
bought the tickets in January and found
out what two weeks ago that he had to
work and that you know insect work at a
place that they like they didn't
understand really ya know we'll see what
I'm happy about is that we got these 483
dollars and are close to the front row
when people online right now are selling
them selling nosebleed tickets for
ninety five dollars each good deal
that's the let's look at deal dance good
deal
do you think it's odd that people carry
cameras around just talk to themselves
I'm gonna use this footage later and
look weird now Mara knows any felonies
heads up
hey maybe it's all good awesome that's
me what's your name crystal let's meet
you well
there
fucking word about my phone is there
security here I'm not kidding you want
to keep talking do it in your car
asshole definitely too is there security
of the deb serious this is
