no seriously like that increased my
girth and like my lanes by like two
winches it was crazy alright main reason
they call happy early Mother's Day look
look nothing Franco I'm not using my me
know um so this is a sit-down vlog today
there's really there's really no footage
from today because today has been what
I'd like to call a lazy day I know
you're like lazy day why did I never
think of that nickname for days and I'm
lazy um I'm just uh um I laid in bed
today I went and I got a sandwich she
was slightly awkward awkward because it
was a workout pants and as most guys
know as you know and it live and as most
guys know if you wear workout pants even
even if you have boxers on you can
easily just there's a penis in your
pants I can see the outline of it on
your leg and it's awkward it's very
awkward for everyone involved so to the
members and people that were in the
firehouse subs on peachtree road I'm
sorry and also that was a delicious
sandwich something I'm very excited
about tonight though um I guess when
you're watching this video I'm going to
be watching Stephen Lynch live which is
awesome because I've heard he has like a
really awesome live show and if you've
never seen like one of your favorite
comedians live you need to do it because
sometimes they suck live and sometimes
they are even better live like Jon
Stewart live is phenomenal compared to
like his spiel on TV and then another
one of my favorites is I'm Big Joe I
think Joe is a Libra big I don't Big Joe
is awesome because we went to his live
show and he pointed out our table and he
made some jokes at us and he pretty much
bashed everyone at the table except me
which was awesome I think he knew he was
like you you're hilarious and I love you
and I want to have your babies except I
have a penis and i'm also not gay or
widowed you can tell so also i want to
know who have you seen live and who's
your favorite comedian even if you
haven't seen them live probably one of
my favorite it would be a George Carlin
but I never got to see him live probably
not gonna happen now
at this point
