hey as you can tell I'm not doing this
my health but out of the elevators are
out again stuff targets so because he
hey they have based of them not fix the
elevators we have made three or four
trips up ten stories and that's
on my way up I'd realize there's several
reasons or more boxes one of the busy
certainly if you have got a serving of
anything you need a balance of deceit
your shoulder who loved loved loved a
different go strong as he can be so I'm
I decided to get a little clever so I'm
up I'm serving insulin same time
got the arm of plastic that's what I
call that one but the other plastic is
good because it is actually matter in
strong enough as long as you have skin
and bones the magics just walking on the
street
this entire vlog gets like hit the
stairwell it's like bit.trip so much
shit I want people been talking the
ballad of Josh Wheaton Siri dollhouse
how it's getting the axe and how he was
gonna try bringing back but here's the
thing well I think Josh you know he's a
talented guy made Firefly and movie
serenity I love that movie fans can't
always revive shoes I mean you can only
say TV is execs are so stupid but it
doesn't make sense because it doesn't
make money I totally get that I mean
obviously I mean one doll house its kind
of more i'ma throw that out there but
I'm even entertain movies like serenity
which was I thought was pretty good I
mean it lost money and that's not even
considering how much money they spent on
promoting of advertising so we have to
keep those things in mind had to eat you
with the door no it don't you yeah no
problem
I love elevators I want to say that i
love elevators because i have not
realized how hard it is to walk ten
stories of stairs over and over again so
who my shirts not even sure anymore just
like this sweaty love thing that's
connecting to my skin everything is
finally inside and poo man
