I woke up elevators don't work which is
always fun in a place you uh but yeah
fun times I am super tired I wanted to
ask us we has doing for mother's day
like what do you get what are you
getting your mom's what's what's the
deal Oh me a spurt check this out the
elevator shaft is flooded how does that
work what the fuck let's do I don't know
where I know the stairs are in here
somewhere holy shit Chicago just called
me and I'm gonna call back yes his name
is shay carl for the win on my phone
what is up um just making vlogs you know
how it is boo so uh I just finished um
coding coding the fuck I'm so tired i
just finished recording wednesday show
video it ended up being pretty good i
think i couldn't find any stories and
then fucking KFC story fell in my lap
and then carrie prejean and it turns out
like Harry's dad is gay and oh my god
good day I was very scared there wasn't
news there wasn't news ok I'm dizzy um
so yeah today is a very chill day it's a
boring day it's very cloudy outside so
um I'm probably gonna fucking rest I'm
gonna rest on it I'm still trying to
recover from this weekend I've been
running around since I came back and
yeah so we'll probably just relax and
you know what we'll do a live show we'll
do a live show
can come in and hang out it will happen
right now you're watching this video
there's a link in the sidebar go to my
blog TV account I will be there I will
be there and click in just in check
because I don't know how long i'll be
live and if I'm not you can watch the
live feed as it happened then ardith
photograph I'm tired I'm tired I'm so
sad I'm so sad i can't complain i know a
lot of you guys are going through going
through what is it menopause no finals
you're going through finals and so you
know good luck guys like I said don't
take out at all it's bad for you buy a
good luck
