well I just - I just wanted to say
something inappropriate because I got so
many comments about how when you said
hey mom they're like well that's
inappropriate but hilarious and
distasteful welcome to my show
yes like I'm with Phil he does not mean
Bert yeah everyone was like I mean
vocals simians I was like it means
valachia I was like that's an F that's
not even a B hey guys I was just posting
stuff on I'm Billy DTV fun thing today
yay I have to go the Mazda dealership
because my car won't random will
randomly does not start so that's
awesome
hopefully it's something simple like and
by simple of course I mean not expensive
yeah I wouldn't like that but you know
we'll see triple-a is gonna be telling
me to the Mazda dealership so that'll be
fun
Hey waiting for my car be fixed but will
it be fixed find out next time it works
it works I'm so happy so I received a
comment on a video things over here I
like to bill because he was identifiable
with these vlogs it really shows that
he's not identifiable I don't care if
you're rich or not I don't really care
blobby bla bla dickhead comment dickhead
development well I do appreciate your
comment really must say I don't know if
I'm identifiable or not I always find
when I go on my trips and stuff like
that I feel like a fish out of water
mainly because up until I was 18 and I
got a job as a server
I was the shining spokesperson of a
planet and even now as my life she is as
my job changes its we're all
ever-evolving I mean if you're a static
person well then you might as well just
fucking die that's boring that that's a
that's a book that's on chapter one the
entire entire time but I enjoy and joy
bring you guys with me I like doing this
because it's not like I have to try and
I got to say I disagree I'm not Joey
I just
that's like share in my life if you guys
I think a lot of you guys get that
you
