so I think there should be a new rule
lower the camera the lower the energy
level but the higher the camera the
higher the Oh SIDS I gotta go all the
way
give me that high it's gotta be like
Joel what the fuck is up fam all right
so what's the update nothing I have
light I have one more day then I'm not
taking off on an airplane on my own to
the hospital to see ya see about a baby
baby Carter see if I can buy a baby by
advance what if bill what if you have
Carter beautiful boy all right they put
them in that little room to all the
other babies and they mix them up and
then you bring home the wrong baby and
you have the baby for a year and then
the hospital it's you have to say hey
mr. Phillip DeFranco we have to inform
you that you have the wrong baby
correct yep Carter you have you have sky
white difference cut the difference god
it's a baby Scott what would you do Phil
you'd swap the baby it'd be like
heartbroken and messed up but you
wouldn't wanna like steal someone's baby
now I mean I'm suing the fuck out of
that hospital is like step to emotional
trauma life completely changed money
yeah blood too like for a whole year
they've said that their name was Scott
now would you call them by their surname
no that's a weird question that's a
really interesting I don't know question
to you if you took home the wrong baby
for a year would you then call your your
actual baby the same name but Lindsay's
mom's here so that's that's a hell of a
punch
nice try to get my dad to come out here
because like hey no better time to get
on an airplane then to get the fuck out
of a hurricanes way and they like work
we're looking for gas and I'm like well
that wasn't an answer
oh no they're in Tampa so they do they
feel like we're gonna be fine with that
piece of fuck out so what's the plan to
the water gun so what are we gonna do
here I'm gonna be out for a week unless
unless i annoy the hell out of Lindsay
in which case I'll I'll hop here and
maybe do small shows probably not gonna
be the case most likely I'll be taking
the week off just to get made
to the new normal so we got some footage
of you though for the blog just just in
case
I like that start out as a joke okay
just just act like I'm here let's
green-screen it and the next day I
walked in there's a fucking green-screen
doing it we do it even make it happen so
we gotta keep your spirit alive and are
you done doing your enemy less than a
mile away
no I mean don't come to my house oh you
won't let me fill in the birth of Carter
so at least I can keep your spirit alive
here make you think they were like yeah
birth of Carter total vlog material
learn some stuff I don't know offence to
some people I have a line as far as what
I will expose in my person that's true
that's very true
alright well wolf have fun day days
without you without Phil though just not
gonna feel right hey Phil how do you
feel about all this I think that's a
great idea great see that do you want to
do anything though yeah he's gonna be
over this way so hey what do you think
what do you think about Joe I love you
Joe all right am I supposed to leave in
this shot hi everyone I'm gonna leave
for a week it was nice knowing you
if I'm in any other shots and other
shirts it's definitely not because today
is Wednesday goodbye how's a good one
let's try throw knives at that's how you
kill people I lost the first intern I
just want to push you into the ground
my umbilical cord is leaking pop me one
bad boot sergej gone wrong doing we are
setting up yuck City for tomorrow for
the live stream we are looking at our
reference photos that I took last time
and setting everything exactly how it
was and we're all so tiring ourselves to
see how fast we can do it what time yet
forty minutes is that acceptable time
Phil no you want to even say that I want
to say anything to Phil I appreciated
the kind words of encouragement perfect
Luke
alright the hell are you doing Keith no
wish you were a cat you surprised Joe
are raccoons pets raccoons s fuck yeah
Luke says yes bill one two three four
five six have you seen the video of the
raccoon attack and the dog and guys -
throw it down anyway we're just I
noticed that the vibe was sitting there
not being used at all anyway so yeah
maybe start filming people do some scary
shit lower the camera the lower the
energy level but the higher the camera
the higher oh it's James I think that's
a great idea
good work man then I gotta go all the
way it really that high it's gotta be
like Joe what the fuck is up fam yeah
satellites 100 fucking thousand lights
you're getting the raise it's gonna be
great
that's the kind of stuff I'm talking
about you gotta bring it all the way up
there
you doing in the computer for the
entertainment enjoy my job watch it done
while bills breastfeeding
not that person is very nice the other
mailman's oh yeah doing his job he's
been avoiding us he'll laser mail
outside the door ring the doorbell and
run which we're nice people we would
help if he asked but the fact that like
you just want it yeah you need to move
this is the size of my body so like this
is my entire torso all right this is
yeah all right pick one up you want to
actually help now I gotta film this
though look I need all this content man
here I'll do this I'll bring one bring
one helping hold it I am helping here
but you know that things online never
show up the way they look so we're a
little worried so are you excited with
new carpet I don't know great all right
he's excited I try to be super careful
so cutting new Jesus
so what's the plan though we just got in
the clothes man no we ordered so many
things we have a new desk coming in we
have a new like closet all right red
carpet oh yeah you also wants to feel
you want to feel it sure yeah that's a
wrap good we're gonna gut his office
we're essentially taking everything out
of there hey Phil first off
congratulations on baby Carter thank you
how's the baby the baby's great great to
hear Phil did you try breastfeeding him
yourself uh-huh I'm just so happy I'm
here right now and not at home we got a
lot done today right well yeah
busy day all right bill see you tomorrow
bye-bye Phil I love you Jim I want to
make it sure
I just want to shit on things that
people like or just things in general
can you shoot it on right now
oh that went to a place and you're here
now and unfortunately you took us all
there with us
just come back in that bus trip
