and rocky
so I'm Lindsay got me these Bob stares
as you can see it says taken right on
the the crotch where my my unit hangs
and I told her I mean if anyone is
actually able to see it at that point
it's probably too late it's probably
she's I don't I don't know any woman
that would be like wait a second
this super slim so I usually sit like
teammates down because well there's a
line here this morning uh just gonna
have some extra separation olymipc
because of the weather might be a little
bit bulky here the beginning should
speed down a little long boy this time
we're gonna see
right
I'm happy the axe retreat and yeah we
just did a tequila tasting it was very
very informative to my mouth and now we
are going to some place but I they gave
us this thing so should be interesting
right
Oh God
I'm taking a video
is there any way I could wear your head
hey guys um so last night I got home and
I threw up that it was nasty but it is a
new day
so tip for me in the future in your
drunken for it's probably a bad idea to
drink bad kids is when you grow up and
we have a pool table and we just
finished up but I was just talking about
how I can't do it I can't do on a
regular bank shot I can't just save my
life like a regular bank shot is where
yeah where you put a little English
then I was taught to do bank shots it is
the three rails trust me hello
I like your hat yeah it's going straight
on YouTube
hey this is why you don't party too hard
why are you looking at space oh I don't
know you but can I put your glasses on
for a second I'm right here with
