so I'm back and ok as a courtesy for you
I won't record these videos unless I'm
stopped at a stoplight or stuck in
traffic since everyone thinks that I'm
going to die ok green light gotta turn
it off mom and dad said so Hey ok you
hungry he's a bitch give me a sandwich
so I was reading through the commons and
I either think that most of my viewers
are 12 or at least emotionally immature
because most people are locked bill bill
she was though not thought she was
though you'll nuts I agree 12 year old
white boy no I don't agree um in the in
the adults worlds in the I'm not going
to fuck everything that is pink world
mature adults it was like what I thought
we were supposed to do that you know
people have mature relationships with
things like trust plus lindsay's b
choice you know it's actually weird cuz
like more than 50,000 people watch the
vlogs and it's weird i I don't know why
do you guys do you do you guys like
these um these videos more I know some
people do some people just say you know
it's a good mixture some people just
blatantly don't like it they're like
Phil you're such an elitist you have so
much money you're spending it I don't
have a lot whoopee most of the trips I
take are actually um trips to what job
so they fly me out there they hold me up
there and I don't have to pay for it
that's all I'm today I have to uh I have
to start getting a bunch of stuff ready
because I have to travel to Kentucky go
to the kentucky derby this weekend i'm
doing a promotional event with x either
it's like they're the thing with the
fixers and so it's cool so hopefully
hopefully we'll get some good footage
we're going to be going to a lot of
places where they most likely won't let
me have a camera but i'm going to try
get as much cool footage as possible
what's up
you know what I don't care take it look
like same thing so I'm okay it's
two-face
its toothpaste urges you never know are
they gave that bad of an hour if it is
I like him want to wear a t-shirt
what's wrong with that
so I just got some clothes and I need
the pants hemmed and I just went to a
cleaners and I was like excuse me can
you uh can you have me his pants and
they laughed at me and I was like go
back to Korea a dog eating son of a
bitch and then I got kicked out we're
going to get Phil's pants because
they're too long and the ones that
weren't too long min is jungkook man
this is awkward point where a Lindsay
and the other guy helping me with my
pants okay um it looks great those pants
are way to tie it in the crotch so so
yeah we had to get bigger pants so that
it was a loser in the right places and
then and so now we're we're getting them
hemmed which is good and yeah so this
place is going to do it this is awesome
same day and I'm excited about the derby
derby the dirted nervous to answer a few
things of you people are like Phil who
is this music and the video yesterday
was amazing it was good it was in the
sidebar three times I put it there just
in case three times so yeah I mean the
music yesterday go back to that video if
you want link in the sidebar check it
out you can go there one last thing I
want to talk about today it was the last
thing I guess to talk about would be a
few people relax till you you cheated
you failed you failed to fill you didn't
post every single day I'm very dedicated
to this blog and i will try and post
every single day but if I can't if I
don't have enough time to edit because
we're just like slammed with work we're
running from one place to the other I'll
take all the footage I took and or I'll
take all that footage and I'll add it to
a bigger video like yesterday I'm not
going to make nine minute videos every
day but you know i mean the normal video
on this channel is what like 13 minutes
so I mean that's why I made a super big
video because it was three days were but
um yeah I hope you guys get that most of
you did the other is just
douchebags trying to pick any friend
