we have
Oh
super fun thing know about Atlanta um on
sunday is I'm so stupid i'm driving past
a church at 1241 and so some of the
churches are letting out and that's
awesome because then you can't go
anywhere for an hour yay church I would
go to church but I'm scared that I would
burn into flames be sure that's what
would happen hey guys it is um sunday
unlike most ppl Sundays mine is
essentially my busiest day of the week
because I have to get ready for the week
and this week is a pretty busy one I'm
gonna be going to I have to go to New
York my buddy is a filming a thing up
there so I said I'd go up and see I was
going and just hang out and possibly
help in any way and then I'm coming back
to Georgia for a day or two and then I'm
going to the Kentucky Derby and then I'm
going to Florida and then back to
Georgia and I think that'll be the end
of the week by them wait yeah yeah I
think I think that's how good I don't um
I'm terrible with scheduling and I just
kind of walk on planes I haven't I
haven't really traveled for a while
mainly because I hate flying I despise
flying terrified of it and yeah so I
haven't I haven't done a lot of work and
about six months but you know it's time
for a change I'm sorry so Bob hey fuck
you Atlanta roads Jesus Christ you know
you see it you see Georgia people or you
see like guys working on the roads in
Georgia all the time but I swear to god
Georgia has the worst fucking roads ever
I rather go back to North Carolina and
drive on gravel than this random fucking
metal shit popping out of the ground I
found yesterday's video to be pretty
interesting because everyone was like
different everyone was like oh man I
hate what black people are in movie
theaters or people that call Phil that's
racist that and the people are like I
totally agree i hate when black people i
didn't i didn't even say that there were
black people in the movie theater a lot
of people assume that it was just a
bunch of black people is actually uh it
was
it was a white woman and a black woman
and what I mean by stereotypes is it's a
well-known stereotype the people at Lana
are just fucking loud I didn't mean a
race but it was very interesting to see
people assume that it was his
interesting kinda shows people where
people's minds are these days um so I
have to shave about like every two days
I'm not fully man ish enough to have to
shave every day but um yeah I like the
Gillette I like I like the regular razor
compared to the electric the electric
never really fully though the electric
never fully gets it never really gets me
doesn't listen it doesn't fully get down
to the nitty-gritty and it hurts my
penis when I try and shave down there
anyway um so I like to stick to this I
don't know about you guys I'm about your
preference
