baby banana Jesus that was loud so hello
it's a friday i just woke up I was going
to drink some coffee but I found that I
don't know where my coffee cups along
Callum may be wondering why I was
wearing less inside it was a preemptive
strike against the Sun now I'm just a
douchebag I wear glasses inside mainly
because in the morning I look horrendous
like even worse than normal but my face
takes like a an hour to go to normal
human pigment and then and then it's
still like uh just stay away so this is
my new power set up you know so I can
crash so it is friday and i used to hate
fridays it used to be like oh fuck it's
friday i wait why did I hit fridays i
loved fridays nevermind meant to say was
I used to love fried eggs because it
would be the only the only thing I have
to do that day is a live show at five so
I like sleep until two and just be a
complete waste of life but now Friday's
I have a show so I feel like it's a
bring your audience to work day do I
wake up I put food into my body I am put
in some caffeine as well mix it around
throw it at a vitamin or two and then I
usually find my stories the night before
and then I find any other big news I
might have missed in the morning right
now you're seeing my screen I usually
have something they're like okay wired
magazine and have a notepad to just jot
things down I usually also watch a movie
right now we are watching well it's
paused but we're watching robin hood men
in tights i love that movie and then
that's really a lot of people always ask
how long does the show usually take the
show can actually take between one hour
and five hours depending on one if it's
a it's like a bad news day too if i'm
super tired three if i hate my life that
day and for if the words will actually
come out of my mouth a lot of people
don't know this i actually have like a
stammer through the years i've gotten
past
but I mean I stammered and stuttered and
that's actually the original reason I
used to cut so much is because I'd have
a thought and I'd stammer and I've
actually I've gotten through it but it's
just become you know the the cutting
style that I use so yeah that's a little
little factoid for you but hey question
of the vlog data Franco how did your
morning usually go what time do you wake
up what do you do what do you do during
the day let me know in a text or video
response
