okay so um we're gonna head to lindsay's
and now she wants a cookie cake
apparently lindsey is a
thirteen-year-old girl it's gonna be her
14th birthday tomorrow so we're gonna
get her a cookie cake why not this is so
fun I love just sitting here and then
watching these guys cut in front of me
yay oh we're trying to fast captain slow
down I don't even know what fuckin axes
I was um hey guys its sing-along with
Phil thursday i met this girl i met this
girl her name is Lindsay I love her soul
and I'll never let her go out of my
basement my basement she's seriously
locked in locked in my basement my
basement my basement so nice now that
she's there forever seriously I'm not
let her out of my basement because she
couldn't keep her mouth shut that's what
happens and I feel like I just need to
sing about it because she hurt me more
than life itself I took the lead pipe
right off the shelf and then she turned
around and then she got hit in the head
really you don't need a song too I mean
come on seriously how do you think she
got in the basement seriously yeah oh
it's probably
on the way back home from Lindsay's I'll
herbs from the night you doin ladies oh
yeah I don't know if that was I'm sorry
i am very awkward um so yeah today it's
gonna it's gonna be special I get to
it's a code all day our helix
