oh here for tonight tonight hold a
charge anymore oh it's awesome now hold
a charge i don't have to do anything
anymore see I just turn my screen off
for no reason I'm crazy cuz I'm talking
to a phone as you might have overheard
with my conversation with my iPhone I'm
having to go to the apple store right
now because it doesn't work anymore
doesn't charge now this the second
iphone I've gone through and I'm hoping
it works I must assist a stock in trap
church at retract at your traffic gums
notices us to stop ugh in traffic Epica
a picnic ah right letter air and ran out
of air I'm stuck in traffic i'm trying
to get the apple store in time Willie
make it in time find out next time or in
three seconds one to actually have to go
to the apple store so fast
adding annotations here in the apple
store because even here man hater is not
really reflecting what you have
legitimate reason to believe the actual
battery charges then it's almost always
soft supple okay so it seems it's come
to the conclusion that it's a software
problem so we'll test it for a day and
it doesn't work we'll bring it back
what sort of games does add a sexy fella
play what's your favorite game of all
time I'd love to know it's a dying
burning question and if you have to
answer in it in two parts that's ok to
use what's your current favorite game
and then what's your favorite game of
all time ok so I definitely do have to
answer the question a few different ways
because I am a geek my favorite game of
the now is college 84 my favorite non
multiplayer game is probably fallout 3
and my favorite game of all time is most
definitely final fantasy 7 it's the
first game that I like fell in love with
I I got thrown into the story and and it
was just it was a great game all
together but I'm gonna pass your
question on to all of you guys what is
your favorite video game right now and
ever I don't wanna set the world on fire
what am i doing anyway cuz I hate you
that's my version of this hole
