um can you mark it corner I'm look
stupid you so question do you think I
can pull these off a little bit yeah I
think it's very slimming a lot of you
little bastards have been asking me how
much money is in that change jar well
today we find out Captain's Log 763 be
one I will go to walmart a place I have
not gone in years four days at this
walmart i will see how much money i have
this is way too close to my face i'm not
sure if you can see that that's like a
tease balls on verizon wireless say they
have an ad literally on the verizon
wireless building that is a figurative
tea bag I don't think they'll mind that
I'm bringing a change in a target bag
okay so we're gonna see how much change
we have we're at the coinstar
the done if you have never been to
Atlanta before there are a lot of poor
and / homeless people and the porn /
homeless people have gotten very good at
getting money it's always like the
really big dude in like a wife beater at
a gas station he's like oh man can you
help me with some gas money man I'll be
honest with you sir I'll be honest sir I
just got out of jail I'm like awesome
really wish she hadn't shared that with
me now I'm also terrified on top of
being annoying Franklin how much friends
got leopard print glasses
