so we just got done with the dinner and
more we read reviews about a Zac Efron's
movie and realizing that it is in fact
Zac Efron let's in the movie most of the
time we're probably gonna go to a
different one what do you think yes
that's a super sketchy it's so yeah it's
so super sketchy even I want to rape you
right now she's like I'd eat this I date
this so you don't have to yeah I'm
really appreciated by hello Internet I'm
finally home I relaxed how many of you
does yawn and I'm happy to be home
because I love this bed it's my favorite
thing in the world other than blowjobs
hey guys something I wanted to know when
I was a little kid I used to want to be
either a doctor wanted to be a singer
until I realized that I wasn't smart or
talented in any way so I was guess I was
wondering when you were a kid or maybe
now what do you want to be when you grow
up and B is a big boy
yeah I don't know I changed accidents oh
I don't think I've ever been down here
before I haven't gone down to the
basement basement but it smells like an
annuity supplement times five let's do
this
now obviously doing one set of us isn't
a big deal but if you do a bunch of them
it's kind of like when you're in high
school you had to do what was it where
you had to run the bleachers
fuck those football knows hey guys since
I'm down here I thought I'd answer one
of the questions I got on the day three
video which was is that your rx-8 yes
that is my heart see right here it's
parked down here it's my baby so main
thing being one I'm really out of shape
and to saturate bad places
