no it's so dark in here
I was just looking at a comment that was
like those those Apple earpods look
stupid I'm like I know but they're so
convenient they're so good and
convenient I know that these make me
look like an even bigger douchebag than
before but they're just good tech you
know good time I'm gonna get you is like
a little carrying case you put on your
under belt for my ear pods yeah so you
don't lose them Phil then you'll really
look like a douche bag you get it man
water pouring Amazon I haven't been able
to date they said that it would make
they would make it so that I could
easily transfer from your phone to like
your Mac mm-hmm where like it'll switch
back and forth the audio that's not it
didn't work that well for me you know no
no no you know the pain of what it is to
be 50% an Apple fanboy liking stuff and
dealing with Apple saying that they're
launching new things even though it's
shit that competitors launched a year
and a half yeah people are just falling
through their little tricks bill I'm
still excited for September 12th cuz I
can announce a new phone and I think off
of this fucking thing this is the worst
purchase I ever made no this I I got
that with you right yeah phone seven
remember like we should probably get a
social phone and then it became my
regular phone yeah and it's these it's
32 gigabytes
that's why I knew that Android so you
can put that little SD card in man I go
go enjoy a cheese day she's fucking well
this is for a different day but well
today today I figure out what nother day
is we're stockpiling footage for you
Phil oh good yeah so I'm still at the
office and definitely not shit what I'm
gonna do it yeah yeah everybody it's
like we're just shooting all this random
footage to act like you're still here
when we setup a green screen and I'll
make random responses and you can always
be like what do you think Phil yeah
that's actually a good idea you should
do that you just have to do several pans
so that it can be merged and then it can
we can like act like I'm still there I
think I didn't funny that's cool cool
what do you think Phil and all your
answers are yes it's dumb I don't get it
I don't get that's good all right we'll
set that shit up cool hello good I'm
good guess what today is
today is ship out 1700 posters day Oh as
a mailman coming does he know he's
actually coming I told him I warned him
first and I was like here's what it all
is so he had a warning and now he's
gonna come get it next week so today we
have to like prep it all and put all the
labels on it make sure everything's
right and get everything done this is
like a good call before the storm it's
like the last couple more minutes a
piece I have until it is go time oh damn
all right
anybody that has a free second today I'm
just like hey can you just like comes
couple labels and stuff oh I'll help
I'll do some I mean always throw them
labels down like this you know a little
first person here and then you go in
tonight
Oh first Friday yeah is that a bar hope
somebody's touching me who's that oh hey
Zack again good just going on asking
about the green-screen you want oh yeah
you know it I'll take it matters it's
supposed to be City so sweetie green
screen so I can just film it on my
camera
perfect thanks Zack guitar what are you
doing love just stuff for potential
content will be maintained oh yeah
showing people some stuff and seeing
seeing how they do all right I need more
Vegas that you know begging me this is a
beverage
it's my brown juice around and you
shouldn't feel the same it's doing
something nice yeah why's that maybe
that is you excited yes sir you come in
yeah you come for a little bit gonna go
have some social activities yeah helps
the team and all that
yeah all right cool good good work
everybody
you can thank green-screen happen we've
got that more toy I upgraded James's
system a little bit cuz of speakers were
shit I sent the stuff so you've proved
it and Brian recommended it so
technically this is Brian's shit and his
secondary monitor he doesn't even like
know I mean like on his desk but he like
just like talking on everyone like Brian
do you want something and he's like no
I'm fine got headphones doesn't jam
right you won't like my music wow
heavens Brian doesn't do weird
they say it's I need you right now
wait is this just a new way of breaking
down they could be like a full-time job
the scene with Jason
looking good let's get that up this is a
green screen or I'm not exactly sure
what we're using it for but green
screens let us put people where they
shouldn't this look but I could be in
space I could be on the beach I could be
in the office yeah I could be anywhere
thanks good no look what we made for you
I joked about I think you're actually
gonna do it we can put you anywhere now
Phil all over the office all over the
country all over the world so we got a
couple lines you can read am I gonna be
saying it's a camera or you can give me
a mix okay Phil let's start reading them
off it's a busy day I have meetings
emails I'm having so much fun I love you
Joe you'd be really good right what are
your thoughts
so no yeah great thank you for your
services thank you for your services Jim
we're all wrong bronze on dog Roger that
use a cue so yes the first part is Bill
in the First Fridays though
Roland daddy to be rolling down thanks
Danny
I guess it's Danny's blog now take it
over
yeah look at these guys right yeah I
clearly follow you all you guys like
film charges for pictures everywhere to
a bar cookies I want to take home some
food
whoa Joe
hi Luke but he is definitely better than
me look at this
they were shooting some new stuff gonna
go in there and turn the lights off and
eventual no we're just gonna shoot
people behind the table okay what do you
think about that bill
I think that's a great idea you having a
good day yeah it's a busy day I have
meetings emails okay great have fun
