wondering why I have the same clothes on
it's not because I'm a dirty dirty hips
it is because I slept over the
girlfriend's house and I never enclosed
because I used to be a smelly smelly
hello world so we've locked ourselves
out of Lindsay's house because she
thought I had the keys and I thought she
had the keys not true so I'm hoping she
she left the back door unlocked or I'm
gonna go back here and get shot by one
of her neighbors no reason I'm gonna try
and do something from when I was younger
when I was like 16 when I was good at
hopping over fences so let's see how
that turns out so I'm really nervous one
back okay phony Jackie Chan was here um
I gotta sucks actually if i go over and
this one i'm pretty sure i'm stuck wait
now okay here we go we're gonna gonna
try and do this oh god this is a
terrible idea this is a terrible idea oh
okay we're good so called okay oh I'm a
ninja okay here we go
oh yes yes John hey rookie rookie
daddy's a criminal I could like cut
someone off really thinking about
Lindsay is um except for the weed eater
that we just bought which was electric
Lindsay's Lindsay's lawn care staff
comes from the the 70s gotta push him
over here budgeting is fantastic it
works okay let's do it actually worked
really well looking at some of the
comments from the last video and some
very smart and smart we'll just say
we'll just stick with smart because i
like the sarcasm in that sentence people
said Phil it's so gay of you to go to a
tanning booth oh and also now you have
skin pants or congratulations well as
far as the skin cancer goes you can get
skin cancer from the Sun like walking by
garbage watching too many episodes of
The Golden Girls on lifetime so you can
get cancer anywhere and I'm Barry pinky
and I need it and the only way I think
it's gay of me to go to a tanning salon
is if during the five minutes when I was
in the tanning salon I was sucking dick
I think that's the only way to make it
like really gay otherwise it's just you
could be like you are really lazy
because you could just lay in the Sun
for 30 minutes and yes I am very lazy to
the point that I was like I'm gonna go
tanning booth so that I don't have to be
outside
