I'm good I used to have a membership
here and I guess I decided not be pasty
anymore this is my first time um tanning
in forever see how it goes
is it a pen wow that tastes really good
really have to and turmeric is a spice
that from India that's known for
inflammation see I'm just wanna see how
it's okay are you getting the expression
on your face hey guys I just got my hair
cadets not sure how it even ones yet
this is one of the reasons it sucks to
drive anywhere in Atlanta during sunrise
or sunset is because all of Atlanta is
fucking mirrors all the buildings are
mirror buildings and so everything looks
like you and the Sun that's bright
murky doesn't like to play fetch she
likes to play I take the ball bark at
you and then I run around when you look
stupid
yeah huh Zoe you wanna play my stomach
most definitely says no to the sea algae
