so I have just arrived at my hotel and I
thought there was a mistake but
apparently they think I'm more awesome I
know I'm walking in direction for very
long in a hotel and I can't believe this
there's this room I was like what and
then we walk in here what are you doing
shit Carl and we had we had one king
size without I was like dude I don't
want to play Topsy's undies ok I just
said that title wrong and then I got the
TV here which apparently Shay's claims
on to his own and there you go to the
this room holy shit why is there a stool
in the bathroom that's sweet it's in
case you're too short to wash your hair
yes Oh throw the lazy people like me
that I like what sit down standing and
show yes miss ooh that does feel good
look it's time for your shoot jacket
then just hurt yourself already he's
like wow really hurts do you think
incidentals counts for in
