so it's a Tuesday which many of you know
is a free day which means I can do
anything I want even this I don't know
why I would do that but I can if I want
to but this video goes out to someone I
met today we'll call him Asian guy from
Best Buy mainly because I didn't look at
his nametag and I'm a bad person this
kind of hoping it's not too late to
apologize to you for saying this is
weird when you said hey sexy film
because it wasn't calling you weird
which it seems like now that I think
back on it but I was saying that it was
odd that someone recognized me and I
keep going back in my head thinking what
if I had said something different what I
said hey awesome to meet you man what if
I realize that we have things in common
what if you also like to crip walk two
songs on DDR but if you also like to
play Starcraft 2 do backflips I love
those things and I realized we're just
too awkward ships passing in the night
and I'll never get that moment back but
I want you to know that any time I play
a video game with an agent any time I
see an agent driver
unable to merge or crashing into someone
I'll be thinking of you and I know some
of you were like hey Phil okay enough
with the Asian jokes that's wrong no
okay I beat Kevin Jumba at paper
basketball last week one week exact okay
not really was last Thursday but it's
close enough and if you beat an Asian at
any event sporting or gaming you're
allowed to make fun of the entire
culture so I get a free pass but in all
seriousness I am sorry if I came off as
a douche bag and also I love Asians as
long as they're not the same class as me
and there's a curve but yeah that's
really it oh and I love you guys because
you guys have sponsored me for over
twenty seven hundred dollars in the
first 24 hours of the PKD marathon
