hey guys long time no vlog um just
wanted to say hey how you doing sorry I
haven't called in a while it's my
mistake I don't know what this video is
for bye yeah I'm in a good mood today
rather good mood it is the mood i always
get when i get new clothes because I'm
always like yeah awesome these won't fit
in a while because I like cookies but um
you know what else something I wanted to
mention is that on the other account the
sxephil account we hit 100,000
subscribers almost already at 100 1000
which is insane um I never really
thought I'd get at this point we're
gonna pass lonely girl in a week at this
rate but uh yeah it's just weird it's
really weird it's it's awesome but it's
really weird a lot of people that are on
my myspace already know the New York
Times mentioned me when we were when we
yes when they were talking about the
girls who beat up the other girl which I
am also going to that again Monday ah
what I say dr. Phil makes me angry and
um no just stuff like that I'm like I'm
gonna good mood today I'm trying to get
productive trying to get productive i'm
getting lighting and stuff like that I
mean this lighting works I'm just I'm
perfectionist yet i'm also a big
procrastinator so like I just deal with
it yeah also a lot of people mention it
um about like the shirts coming back
like the merchandise and they will be
coming back it's just they're coming
back under a different name I'm starting
a different website which adjust for
t-shirts I'm a big fan of t-shirts and
stuff like that so um yeah we're gonna
have our own designs and I can't give
the URL out yeah cuz it's not ready but
it should be functional in like a week
or two which is cool um I'm trying to
take one thing at a time because like if
everything jumps on me one time I'm like
I don't want to do anything and I hide
under my covers the three days the
people like weird Phil go did he die I
wish but no I'm just hiding under my
covers so I guess really that's it um
personal vlog number doesn't matter
because these don't matter because very
few of you watch these but uh
I guess the last thing I want to mention
is a lot of people in a little bit well
a lot of people have been mailing me
about why are there aren't always five
shows a week the idea is that the philip
defranco show will be monday wednesday
friday and then tuesdays and thursdays
are open to other videos though I do not
have to make one if I'm like sick or I'm
tired or I don't know something with
projectile vomits so yeah I really hope
you have a great sunday Bree churchgoers
i hope you tip ten percent as always i'm
playing i'm just very bitter about that
because i'm a former waiter so yeah bye
