hey guys one of the most asked questions
of one of my last videos was okay you
asked us where you want where we want to
be in five years but where do you want
to be in five years and you know a lot
has changed over the course of the past
year as many of you know I was pre-med
and I was one year away from going to
med school and I am so year off and you
know after after everything I'm looking
around and I'm going what do I really
want to do do I want to be adopted you
know part of me still does but every
doctor I talk to says you know if you're
doing it for the money it's probably the
wrong reason and you know if I said that
I wasn't doing it to the money I'd be
lying because I think most everyone
unless you're creative does it for the
money and let's be honest I'm not that
creative now I wouldn't love the fact
that I'm helping people but I also feel
like I could help people in a different
way making them think of something else
like you know you got someone like just
Alan just Alan hates me I think that's
awesome that you know he can look away
from his sad pathetic life and he'd on
me for a few hours a day but a lot of
effort into hating on me and you know he
doesn't have to realize what a pathetic
bitch he is and I think that's great and
then of course you have the other people
that I love I adore you guys the fact
that you guys watch me for a laugh it
makes you feel better I love getting
emails like from from soldiers from from
people on a base saying you know what
you know what you you know if it's not
just me but you helped me keep my head
together you make me laugh because I
realized the world's fucked and if you
have to you have to just like not care
about it and you know if I could do
entertainment to the rest of my life a
fucking a I'd love that but the fact is
I'm not an entertainer I'm just a guy
that says stuff that sometimes funny and
I think if anything through this
experience and I'm actually going back
to school next semester after summer I
want to go into marketing and
advertising because I feel that I have a
first-hand knowledge of how the internet
works how everything goes and I really
think that it's somewhere I could I said
I could succeed and also where
people could need me and you know we'll
see where it goes but I think in general
and five years where I want to be is I
want to have mine I own my own
advertising company and I think that's
really where I'm going that's really
where I'm headed and that's really where
I'm passionate about I mean ever since I
was a kid I was like I was like yeah a
doctor but I was also like I'd get
excited by office supplies I don't know
what that's about
I'm not like excited like I'm going to
pump a desk but like I get excited with
like business suits and really nice
office supplies I don't I don't know
maybe I should sell office supplies that
sounds successful I just defended office
supply salesman I'm sorry you do a very
good job but yeah that's I guess that's
my answer and I'm going to get off the
kitchen counter because my arm is
starting to cramp because I'm a weak
little bitch
okay but I hope you guys are doing very
well and I will see you again soon
