so quick video just in case you've
gotten weird messages or weird anything
disregard any messages you get on
YouTube accounts myspace accounts pretty
much anything from me in the next 24 to
48 hours because it's not me I saw that
on myspace I hate it because it made me
giggle the first time I went and sought
it plays a i'm too sexy bio is it right
said fred and then it has a bunch of
pictures of dane cook and of course the
blog that says i hate my viewers which i
think it's only actually going to offend
10 people because most of the people
that are on my myspace know that I
wouldn't write something like that and
also that my accounts Manhattan so yeah
um everything should be up Monday or
Tuesday all the people I need to contact
or doing important things and so I'm
just not gonna wear most my accounts are
safe now that's what I get for having
email accounts i didn't even know we're
still open so there you go just in case
you thought i was being a dick like more
so than usual it's not me so yeah be
good
