hey guys it's 1033 Thursday morning and
I was all pumped because I was like I
have some racist stuff I can say plus
news and then I checked my account and
sxephil was closed and the crying
commenced and then I was better because
I was eating a chocolate doughnut and
really what I'm thinking of doing is
shooting myself now um I wouldn't
contact YouTube because I imagined it
was either I got hacked which what makes
sense if all my other accounts were
closed and like my website we've been
plastered with penis something but that
didn't happen so I'm pretty sure it was
just one of my spiteful exes or really
bad friends from back in the day no
names but you know who you are but I
guess that's really what happens from
being a bridge burner because I'm like
hey I don't care about you anymore and
in their life I'll make you cater
alright something I don't know what goes
on the mind of crazy woman but you know
we're going to be back soon and in case
in case it's not up today I'll be
posting my main video on my website
which will get like three views but you
know for those of you that actually like
watching my show it'll be there so I'm
going to go get some breakfast do the
show and then do very dirty things that
I will not mention this video but
involves vagina possibly my penis zigzoo
he's not sexy sexy Phil he's a sexy
