so this is one of those blog thing is
where you talk about what's on your mind
my mind is unaccessible right now
because I'm very tired because you know
we sports is just really hard on the
body apparently I don't know why I'm
tired I don't work at much I think I
just need to do with stuff more often
because my body is like energy let's
turn it into fat no um you know I'm
trying to do things one thing at a time
i'm wearing workout gear next thing I
just have to go to the workout place I
believe it's called the gym I haven't
been in a while I know you're like Wyatt
how'd you get that muscular flap under
your jaw good genes good genes I don't
know what I'm talking about um I got
this this step to got jogging gear and
then I got this it's the training guy to
get back in shape wouldn't presume that
you had to be in shape at one point but
that's not true it's also to get into
shape for the first time I don't know
what it saw Kabam i recently got a
message from my brother my guess he's a
half brother but i still call him
brother I've been talked to him since I
was like eight years old I was like oh
hey long time no 14 years of past what's
up um ok so that's interesting maybe we
can be bffs now haha how I love that he
is watching this right now I love you
Nate you're my best friend forever even
though you don't acknowledge me as a
brother I ain't you and that was I'm
sorry I apologize events but yeah it's
the weekend I'm planning on seeing
10,000 BC taking two days off you know I
really don't i'm not going to make any
plans it involves groceries and lots of
sleep and possibly blinking that's a
good weekend
speaking of that I'm kind of go to
dinner with Lindsey's mom tonight
obviously Lindsey's coming along it's
not this weird thing okay Oh talk to you
guys later
