this is a mountain of cheese and water
look at that mmm that's appetizing right
there normally not waiting for you to
turn the camera on so we could do this
really casual intro buddies God now
everyone's at lunch so I remember a
couple days ago the boys Ryan and Jack
we're bickering back and forth who has
the better mac and cheese yes camel fuck
you you're wrong anything else can make
the better one is it Kraft which is
Brian or there's Stouffer's frozen mac
and cheese what no nothing
there's no good frozen food my screams
good are you gonna compare ice cream a
cold a delicacy but he's with a hot meal
well you said no frozen foods good just
trying to prove you wrong you got yeah
you don't think Stouffer's gonna be any
good no no a million times no wait how
is it being heated both microwavable so
but anyways well we'll just pretend
today say National macaroni day we just
made it you know that has to be there
yeah I've already did that well we're
just gonna do it now all right Phil
sorry we're gonna go get some of the
macaroni cheese I can do a little battle
I'll go to work cuz I I think today is a
day where we do the macaroni talent and
who has the better macaroon I'm gonna
win so it's not much of a challenge
yeah as you get closer together get a
little closer together we're gonna Mack
off together yeah the Mac I like macking
guys want to make off together
only if he helps you make up I just want
to foil is just a final so we're getting
correct for Brian there's also the far
superior
Joker's so go get it you guys will make
it you got to make it to your liking
okay well you don't have to get the
timing right make sure there's no powder
there 30 seconds three minutes and 30
seconds whatever then we'll pass it
around the news is better
I think one is gonna be perfectly I
don't think that's gonna be the problem
here we go here we go there we go these
are in the shape of Lightning McQueen to
Pitesti might get a couple of regular
ones might be the ones okay cool no open
the microwave microwave oven 16 minutes
oh my god much both DeFranco each day
yeah oh cool I want to go to the damn
Beach here we go here's your stove first
this is so big I can't wait there you go
Thanks a war zone here you need to see
Stoker's triumph over shitty kraft mac
and cheese
my only concern is that a lot of people
haven't had Stoker's yeah and so a lot
of people are just gonna eat crappy like
oh my childhood I love it who wants to
cook first this is gonna take for
everything like 16 minutes maybe in the
microwave we're all gonna get cancer I
could cook all four of these in less
amount of time lunch is on me boys I'll
be back in 20 minutes when this is ready
got I'm really getting a cancer into the
background what time we were yet
sauce net wave mail corn syrup milk
protein concentrate can't read that
calcium carbonate sodium triphosphate
medium chain triglycerides citric acid
lactic acid water come with paprika
modified food starch all right what do
you got or some this isn't fun because
there's a lot of garbage in there but
there's not garbage in here it's just
skim milk water cheddar cheese oh yeah
no cutter puppies cheese it's just
cheese there's nothing else in there
it's just a big bowl of cheese ha it
looks like soup that's disgusting that's
disgusting
you don't know a good thing when you see
it I feel bad for you motherfucker this
looks good i spring it so Brian you're
up so I need to please in this damn
microwave Brianna let's just remember
what he said mindless life right this is
a mountain of cheese and water look at
that
mmm I think you should have drained it
so it's do not drain so I've lent him
craft and your instructions I'm gonna
see what yours look like sex is pretty
nice and creamy nice thick noodles right
then Brian there are nice and thin at
least the creaminess of it looks more
natural Zarya that you've never seen the
thickness of cheese talk it up I can
count on one hand how many ingredients
isn't it Brian can't say that my degrees
you can't pronounce
protip less water next time craft you
need to make better instructions and
then this one is exact it definitely
looks like what mac and cheese it was
cocaine it's too cheesy for me well I'll
probably go with twas X I I normally
love like it's my favorite Zack's oh my
god three for three
yeah see that's the thing for Stoker's
Brian is back and he's
make another batch because Kraft doesn't
really know instructions well
all right Zach what's your pitch wanna
say less ingredients quality ingredients
is a tune everyone's satisfaction and
the cheese as well I believe it has a
nice consistency she's well-rounded all
right so now we're on the Bryan's right
what's your pitch do you see this as a
child so it better be good it's not out
of a box that's the only disappointing
part all right so what do you think so
child Christy were raiding this then
Bryan would win however adults
Christie's tastebuds have changed so
exactly a mature lady I'm gonna go with
Bryan movie yeah the noodles taste
really weird so that's one for Bryan
all right we have two types of Max and
cheese one comes a Quentin Bryan's the
way they look I'm already leaning
towards that okay creamy consistency
powdery you can feel the texture Brian's
kind in a while and it's actually pretty
good
I gotta go with Zach honestly though cuz
I like the cheesy creamy all right James
I'm going with I'm going with crap oh
boy you know what Brian Brian get what -
yeah - cuts you loose
I actually I was for the Stouffer's but
that's Joe's fucking disgusting call it
the craft it's weird I used to think you
had good opinions what's the score down
by binary yeah all right now we got
Brianna
okay we're macking on all right what's
fun you thing oh the cheese to coagulate
it's really gross okay cool down a
little bit so you know tries X and you
can try Brian didn't get a pic which
one's better first taste alright next
not to B's rhyme I was like hard work I
liked the first one like barely any
flavor I'm gonna have to give it to Zack
I'm sorry Brian I'm really
but I can't go way back I'd definitely
go Thanks
no now it's eight to four Brian you got
one more and that's Phil this score is 8
to 4 Zechs in the lead it's got a better
aftertaste that's Brian
final scores 8 to 5 Scott Zack one guy
named Scott that works yeah so many
surprised me waving like stuff go Mac
Daddy are we doing let's get skip one as
Rowan you know yeah I think cute read
that he likes Velveeta that's some of
the whitest shit I've ever heard in my
life
