hey you wish to fill it fill my fill I
can't even remember my name apparently
at the worst angle possible was he fat
wow I should need is this that's good i
just look really pale am i actually this
pay oh my god the end of that video
looks like if they hate you oh my god i
was just lying to get my way I look so
sexy in this night what happened to you
you took a monster I drink from the
bottle what I do that that's just my
salon but that's not even lemonade my
name is Phil I talk like this when i
make videos this sounds like I'm excited
even though I'm not so you're gonna edit
it so it sounds like you have what's
right but yesterday I had grandma's
cookies wow I wish I'd pronounce words
correctly on percent of the time of a
lesson you know one I'm really glad we
don't fill this HD because because
you're like oh my god mmm I'm looking at
you what the fuck and I can't do it on
this reason actually I'm sorry I look
terrible I have amazing I browser okay
so it is in fact Martha get your rain
boot is the reason because apparently
everyone that says I'm embraces is
retarded ham ke be okay fucking dying
around joke ever haha I better just full
of yourself mmm but isn't but the thing
that's weird a teeny Gandalf from the
Zelda video Bok but but what's we but
what's leader oh my god this is still
anything this is amazing it didn't do it
on purpose first level in campaign horse
members of the clone campaign denied the
clinic in the clem campaign denies any
the Clinton the Clinton campaign the
Clinton campaign the Clinton came to la
blah blah blah
specializations the internet isn't
working today so i'm getting all my
stories from my iphone sucks stories are
dumb feel so yes i can guess shanna and
something i think is really cool it news
and news that me and news that makes you
just decided without news blah 15 news
headline where you can use billboards
I'm just try is trying batalla it's
testing out but new technology called
blah blah blah blah blah here 2008
people want their news ever you want
their news now as it happens in the you
in the year 2000 with it being 2008
people want their newest now as it
happens and because of that in los
angeles times as test testing out a new
tech nothing is testing i have to find
where i take breaths breaking headlines
news fuck me ah have long a new with it
at the idea new story pops up with it
being the year two thousand eight and
since we still did my fucking tongue son
of bitch and apparently a waving and
time to fuck I heat running out of air
been into that blah blah blah blah oh no
no
no yeah no and everyone there was agents
fly a stop recording no sweep oh my god
32 minutes guys one of those guys wait
are you doing hey my God look at her
done in a story that in a story that
Bernie Bambury Bernie been very very
very very connected Bernie members Jesus
Cronus fucking ah it's ok just I hit at
that time one was like beaning what s in
fucking ah never gonna get pretty good
hey fuck my name's hard to say um bless
you yeah the whole word ironic yeah
definitely the word ironic comes to mind
just wait notice you you can drink it
yeah are we good you wouldn't you
wouldn't do that to him he couldn't
throw his puppy yes it's words that he's
a douchebag via don't do you doubt take
it down again didn't you look on the set
up shop I in word bird it just happens
times what I listen I don't what are you
eating special when the fuck did you
hear that did I say that professor isn't
says that the article that makes me
angry that was all original to say no
there you go and I circle eyes closed
I'm doing it baby that's all folks it
was what is her
babe do what yeah whatever God maybe you
did and is he didn't hit starting a good
blue / i think ur game look at me don't
look at me when you're blowing me that's
right let's fuck that I you'd say they
can have my deaf born and just being
scary stops grateful to play next good
what's up you gotta back like if you did
it normally I just like slap you around
and you can you're gonna post this now I
got crazy a circuit city is dancing
dancing baby my couch bro can you want
it for cooking I'm gonna use a baby yeah
you know what I can't slow down fucking
awesome hate you so much it sounds way
too much like fucking 40 pig when I say
HD DVD TV yes that's what I'm doing
talking so I talk like that apparently
circuit city decided to change my voice
stop laughing like harina pixels of
penis fuck me I'm gonna slow down I need
a Whittier girlfriend Oh inject you with
simple it later tonight hey you're you
can almost get your mind soon sign of a
sub crack you know not like a mean drug
dealer just like hey yes once I have to
emphasize certain weird vision here for
me can't even say the alphabet Lindsey
how do you expect me to say acronyms i
love you i love you so much awesome
you're the best girlfriend ever haha way
too hard to say but some of you know
doing of the 2008 2008 the Iraq and such
as good whatever I smack that ass I was
even funny you need your medication on
down on either phone this is what I deal
with diet water in my life in your life
or it makes me angry fond masturbate to
porn is as useless as my penis I think
it's up here
