hey bud hey about to make a video ah so
hey guys this is my very trashed house i
went ahead and i got all my furniture i
got all the things electricity air
everything started but um I got to the
point where I was like wow after I
helped everyone out that I needed to and
I helped myself out I could splurge a
little which was awesome so I had always
wanted one thing this it was a philips
42 inch high-definition 1080p a yeah
can't talk tonight pretty much awesome
TV but here's here's where it gets fun I
went ahead I opened it I set it up and
that is when I notice boom I don't know
if you can see that there are two
scratches and the box was sealed granted
some of the styrofoam had been messed up
but that kind of confused me because I
brought it up everything was fine and
okay so anyway I don't even know what to
say I'm just so confused i just got off
tech support i plug in the power hmm and
actually i'll show you i plug in the
power oh I'm an idiot I'm going the
wrong way up there we go and then you
plug it in whoo dude and this is what
happens you get oh look it's gonna work
it's gonna work yeah yeah it's gonna
work what what is that what is that oh
the red eye of death is supposed to be
for you I did I got one of these too
this is my little treat they're
delivering my furniture at eight o'clock
in the morning so I'm gonna have to call
best buy and be like hey um the thing
you sold me didn't work i'm hoping that
they're not going to be douche bags and
try and say it's my fault somehow but um
i know some companies have done that so
hopefully best buy will prevail and
friday i won't be making a video called
fuck you best buy hopefully but you know
those angry videos are always fun but um
yeah i just want to let you guys know
was fully moved in which means the show
will go on love you guys talk to you
soon
