I look like Jesus in this light Jesus if
he had really tired eyes I imagine I
imagine Jesus did have bags you know
he's working all the time
I imagine magic power is stressful on
the body anyway hey what's going on
it's 1108 and a lot of you probably
won't see this video until about 2:00
because I track the churchgoers but at
least you can come back here I praise
Jesus there is a guy that made a video
no no but I just want to say hey ain't
doing I know I've been making videos
this week it's because I've been really
tired really busy and next weeks looking
better possibly you never know and
hopefully we'll be able to get back to
the five shows a week probably start
Monday with a small little review on
some movies that I watched this
weekend's along with the news and
possibly something else we'll see but
yeah this is just me saying hey I'll be
doing well and I really wish I could
think of something else to talk about
like geez
