hey guys I just got home at 7:17 p.m. on
Wednesday which is amazing I don't know
why but it is and yeah I just want to
say Haim haven't made a a personal video
on the philip defranco account in a
while and I just wanted to say hey and I
feel like a rinse yeah I do um there are
many things that shouldn't I me but
don't annoy me whether its critics
haters getting some McDonald's after
11:00 and having a limited menu when I
used to eat that food that is really
annoying or you know it's really
annoying the last dollar when you pay
for gas with cash it's like I'm going
fast Sulu and then the last dollar takes
about like seven hours it's ridiculous
but the thing that gets me is when
YouTube doesn't work okay everyone knows
I'm a huge YouTube supporter I mean
obviously they're my employer but also
I'm in debt to them because you know
without this platform I be a schmuck who
had no soapbox but I'm a schmuck with
one so that's special I don't know I'm
talking about but it does annoy me
because recently a few some people I've
saw we're making videos about it the
view counters have stopped or they're
completely fucked when they updated I
had 15,000 for I think it was a day and
a half and then it was like 30,000 and I
was like I have 30,000 views and a
thousand come that doesn't thousand
comments doesn't make sense for 30,000
views
I know it's 80 to a hundred thousand
minimum even even with me not being on
the most viewed list but it's it's
annoying it is because when we do what
we do when we when we put ourselves out
there a big audience obviously there's
gonna be people that don't like us and I
can deal with people saying things about
me that aren't true or miss control a
manipulating the truth to make it look
really bad on me
that doesn't get me you know because
people are sad people are very sad but
it kind of just annoys me because it's
like D values might work when it looks
like I only got 30,000 views when I know
that I have a hundred thousand and you
know people just they're looking for
anything to jump on so people be like oh
look at you you only got third a
thousand views even know that's not the
case so what are you gonna do yeah what
are you gonna do nothing nothing it's
gonna sit and complain I don't know
unlike the others I'm not gonna say I'm
gonna leave because that's stupid stupid
I don't know
but even even now I'm not I'm not even
I'm not even fully bothered by it just
because I started to care less about I
don't know I guess the recognition I
don't know how to put it oh no I just
stopped caring because I realize you
know it's my job and it's great to get
feedback from people in which I love to
comments read all of them but oh yeh
random internet connection I'm leaving
this place in a few days so hopefully
the live show will be somewhere new but
yeah you know I realize all these things
don't matter okay my weeks been
completely fucking crazy and to top it
off on top of fucking everything Roger
the boring dispatcher you know I haven't
heard from him in a while I haven't
talked to him I don't know Roger I can't
even say I am bad at this I dunno I talk
about death eat Roger best way he's no
longer with us and that's weird that's
really weird you know someone they talk
to just not being there anymore and you
know it makes me like all the shit that
I said in the first two minutes the
video it doesn't even matter
as lame as it is you know I've never met
Roger in person and what sucks is before
this I was like hey I'm gonna try and
contact Roger see if he can come to San
Fran cuz I haven't met the guy you know
and you know sometimes he didn't like me
sometimes he did like me but he was a
decent guy and you know he's he wasn't
he wasn't old but you know he's he was
young I consider it young and it's just
really fucking with my head it's really
fucking with my head
oh no I it's just things like this they
make you see things and different lights
and I don't know I do hope that he was
happy before it all happened
that's gonna be my video that was my
rollercoaster but yeah new stuff coming
soon
