why me nervously
no you're getting a head-on collision
BRB god Lyndsey okay recording it's
finally January 11th which also means
it's Friday no like a lot of work you
should do these should be my
teleprompter it's like one man it should
really use it like this
welcome to the Franken show where I
change angles I never want to do this
video today you know what's going on
because I can't connect to the internet
make shit up that's what that's what
today's show will be which January so
it's finally Friday January 11th and
China has declared war on the United
States of America I just lie that states
has sent new nuclear weapons to Canada
in retaliation President Bush's we tally
in retaliation President Bush has
authorized a launch of nuclear weapons
to Canada being Canada didn't do shit
worlds when you say that worlds William
flamboyance hello oh my god I'm
recording
knows the personal news my internet
doesn't work which is awesome because
then scuzz six white girls in a row like
no not funny okay here we go gay an
agent I think I proved that wasn't gay
this morning it's waste
so I was just like oh no let's say I'm
looking so fun
oh my god on the bottom I want it I want
to put the website there will be pH uck
Hollywood calm I'm patient I just want
to mock buck no one's gonna find this
money except me and that and then like
this morning right after my
I did have a problem okay Oh what
fucking voices that I'm trying to get
the boys like show and then she fixed it
I was like damn girl you cool a punch
with a bird and then after that what the
fuck was in there and then have she and
then after she it and then after she all
remedial the situation I'll join the
worst video ever and then this morning
and then this morning that's kind of
like sure I'd love that because I've
always wanted to do that but anyway I
don't know what the fuck squeaky voice
what did you understand it is that boys
