you think I know what it feels like now
Joe what are we doing Phil it's been
it's been a minute yeah Oh motherfucker
how many of these do you think of this
oh you talk well you don't think before
you talk
knowing oh well what's going to happen I
don't remember what was the reference to
this I don't remember you asked for this
love your show and oh yo I made a pds I
was trying to explain or all 373 for aq
of the Internet which is if you tell the
Internet to not do something they will
do it that's stupid rule 743 of the
internet says when someone doesn't want
you to joke about something and the
internet finds out they're gonna joke
about it and then I provided an example
of if I say don't send me swedish fish
and then you motherfucker said we have
to eat them all right now I may have
accidentally visited the best thing ever
don't send us any more of those don't
you dare send a swedish fish and or $100
some sends the TV do not send us a TV
yeah please okay 4k TV specifically not
that please for a GH 5 camera for Joe
don't send that at all please don't I
don't want it I can't have you ask
profits this one's so light this is from
Christine II from Vegas oh I think I
might have broken but still go custom
Philip DeFranco amiibo love that even
like the back has worked I got to figure
out a way to open it up or do or shake
it until it lands perfectly cool though
so I think she actually sent this to me
before I already pimped her out on the
main show but just to remember Instagram
calm / ganda Chris throughout my
sister's and I absolutely love your show
I honestly don't even watch cable news
and I strongly say that our generation
doesn't need it either by the lovely
love love you face this is from the
can-do zone life supply that 19 was
she says hope you like your stuff
there's no letter with it
so these are burner bliss chocolates so
they're part of the hellishly hot
challenge see these chocolates are
incredibly spicy contains high amounts
of pure chilli extract and is to be
handled with extreme caution I go look
at let's see what it this ovals are okay
it's like a gamer roulette 12 chocolates
but only five of our chili infused spice
bumps oh no that's out there how hot it
says surely extract is dangerously hot
nine million nine million Scoville heat
units we gotta do this alright I'll
shoot it and watch everybody suffered I
think that we should do it in like
groups of three how many other twelve
yes twelve but how many actually are hot
only 500 K so I mean there is the
amenity that you have around where
everyone's good you have one where ever
one to get it just a few we just need 12
people to sign up alright I'll start
signing them up this is this is from
every single package is like it's like
all inside the community joke what's
this sure you'd be so happy oh oh yeah
oh oh hell yeah oh yeah you know what
makes it so great if they're all pre
steps blow these up oh you know probably
on the Amazon there's there's always
more red balls for Joe from Chris to
telco aka Chloe
Franco elite Oh much-loved is doing a
leader thanks Chris
this is from Amanda cross design and
photo hello you beautiful bastard I'm
like should I go through the note first
Philip a - I know a while ago instantly
became a fan proud member of the nation
I'm a graphic designer
I sell lyric art on Etsy and there's a
lot of love love you face is from Amanda
cross PS made a coupon code for my shut
up I'll put that right here and right
share with those replacements I don't
know Yellow Submarine oh I think this is
all is this all I wonder Beatles
I think we should still a design put on
a server let's do this one I get suit
how about this so Amanda recently on the
PDS I opened up a new email for designs
at rogue rocket comm if you can come up
with a lyric design that I put on sure
that's related to the PDS maybe a speech
I've done something like that that was
very cool I'm just saying that's pretty
cool big fun oh wow why is this so heavy
I swear to God if this is the same thing
I swear to god I'm like starting to
understand what the weight feels like of
a swedish fish oh I'm wrong it's just
more swedish fish oh no different
packaging - it matches the red balls for
you just as enjoy okay swedish fish very
clever with that one though they
probably knew you're gonna get tired
this is how does that have perfect
timing it's like oh it's swedish fish
it's swedish fish oh look it's a package
that's unwrapped it nice its swedish
fish you think I know what it feels like
now Joe if there was ever a job that was
like we need someone that can tell the
difference between a bob and a bag is
Swedish Finnish Philip DeFranco is the
guy oh it's different I'm down with that
that's what you wanted so you
right now is this what you want for you
Brian
don't worry Brian will clean it up this
is this what you want
oh no there's a very good those are a
good one I'll get one that hasn't hit
the ground the Orangemen
from oh man oh so yeah our whole thing
is just people sending a swedish fish
and wanting I'm Alistair burn so yeah
this is the bomb ghost pepper nuts
ingredients peanuts seasoning including
ghost chili pepper dehydrated habanero
pepper on Joe to stay stuck oh fuck math
you'd love my lunch it feels like a joke
this is gonna be in my nightmares after
this video they're probably some
goodwill except this video it's not a
it's more yeah we did the green sauce oh
oh it's the first something first
it smells like Taco Bell you want open
the restroom oh there's glass okay
it's a mom okay one just burst this one
is from red after Melanie decorative
compact handheld mirror it's for Brianna
there's a note hi Brianna here's
something to help you look at something
even more beautiful than a paradise
beach oh it's from an anonymous Santa
maybe you could've got some reason I was
anonymous no one's gonna know does
anyone actually use the hand every lose
their phone yeah true or ones that
they're just saying but I like that it's
compact like yeah oh good it can fit now
it can stand up to
discounting partying novelty a single a
single oh good enough can't read it
printer stopped working oh let's see -
this actually isn't for you hope Joe and
Joy's that don't stab this morning
gesture thanks oh I got tricked cuz I
saw sour patch kids and I was like oh
it's sour patch don't don't ask does it
with a Content mutt one I love that
someone sent green sauce is that like no
actually you never put up your your
image someone sent that same instead of
looking at the window I have to do is
looking that mirror to see something
even more beautiful it was anonymous
they remain anonymous now they're not
going to get a hot date well thank you
yeah I mean I don't know I mean what why
don't you just say thank you having like
a digital date we just set up like a
Skype call or something okay yeah yeah
check I don't touch people through the
internet on the first date come on
laughs all right well your
yeah you never call bring a mic but
you're now calling it no yeah okay okay
