hey Phil what up how are you today I am
doing fantastic excited to have this
meeting with you vlog meeting yeah I got
to get that energy up again right maybe
see it's down it I dropped it down to
like a - you own me scream I could
screen if you want no I guess is that
are we all ready yeah yeah starting day
off right
like old school start in the vlog old
school way old school new school new
school that's what you used to do all
the time right me and Joe at 8 a.m. in
the morning yeah I got to my you've
got some ideas there everyone who knows
me very sensitive about smell they're
just out cuz I change it that's my bad
smells like human in this room I don't
like it the old school blog still
member those morning meetings we had
let's take a look
actually we can start by channel keeping
those start
make the meeting went great way more
ideas and when the before we walked in
anything that you're super pumped about
that you can give me like the Vegas
Vegas Vegas Vegas vegan big bigness know
it's like a big description of series of
everything I had a had a vague this it's
stuff there's no way without ruining it
there does it there's a lot there's lots
of ladies I like a good way
look at it cool like it be beautiful
just to make it just beautiful shirt I
love it I have Brian get right on it
donate considered 11 youth see things
like that I did too there's only one gel
in the world
exactly I don't know where this
conversation is going but I'm glad that
we're having I thought you ended like 20
minutes ago this work every time I order
it and then the super judgemental you
like some fool poor yeah you know I'm
from the south that's what I really
judge people by the pulled for exams
absolutely yeah I get one out here I
think points to what's the name of the
restaurant the pork wasn't bad sauce was
a great the entire sandwich fell apart
in my hands
oh no so rookie mistake personal
problems that my dad shipped from messes
that he made is pulled pork that he
smoked for 12 hours and two boxes of
ribs so I think I should just bring it
on Friday because I've been bring your
dad in I I'm gonna tell him you know it
comes that he needs to come to
California what's your dad's name
Phillip come on Phil party with barbecue
where I can see all the post
the mailman he is gonna be so like eat
 philip defranco yeah when I tell
him to come out because I'm very
descriptive I've always like there's
supposed to be this is how much they
weigh this is how many there are harder
than boxes he's gonna lose his mind I
don't even think this that these little
little mail truck is gonna fit all this
that is not you what that's not you make
it bigger
were you a child model no I've been
brother but then mail he didn't use his
he was supposed to be on
glow-in-the-dark language and then they
use Miyoshi
okay but why how'd you get started with
this I think like my mom's cousin was
like the photographer yeah see look look
at my moley that's the same that's the
same moment I'm still living off that
money how many I think my mom took all
the money for cigarettes you know like
twitch plays plays whatever what a
pity to quit plays drum and we just set
up a little drunk if you will one we're
not gonna let fly with a camera on it
and twitch control where he goes in the
this old house this old house new
episode this old house so what are you
doing now we are about the zone good
because we're gonna make the shelves I
want them to look nice and old sweet
thanks dude
no problem yeah this old this old
offices no house yeah you can smell it
can't you Joe he's just wearing it
because he's nervous
we were sawing in here before which made
this slightly more purposeful but now
it's just a fashion statement it's a
whole bunch of beautiful shoulders all
cut up with great angles cuz I'm alright
they're gonna be resting on top of some
very pretty looking pipes and now we're
just hoping that we can make these the
right color
this one's called golden pecan and just
so you know it is pronounced pecan not
pecan cuz you pee in a can you don't pee
in a con when you have butter pecan ice
cream you say pecan so butter but I will
admit that I say butter pecan but
everything else is peaking oh yeah or
again no it's peaking this old house
everybody this old house it's getting
kind of old already I'm gonna hang out
in here while you guys do this get nice
all right hell right now dude all right
have fun guys
Thanks it's not like medication there
was this
it's a roto ice it's just these eye
drops that have been using I've never
done I dress in my life so I just
squeeze slightly just so that one drop
was in you don't want multiple drops to
it ago see now I'm scared you keep
saying only one drop well no you can do
- it's nothing it's horrible
miss
look I'm bad at this they're gonna know
it's not easing it's like being a pilot
it's like I'm getting like here and ears
open wide put up the corners you're
oh there it is fresh now they just put
the white the equivalent of mouthwash
into my eyeball oh you want to even it
up you wanna have one go by it's good
I'm just as bad as putting on a eyedrops
I'm gonna take a seat you have a lot of
protein in your the proteins your eyes
will look bro fresh breath eyes good
that thing gonna hurt now but eventually
once you're used to the pain you'll feel
better yeah so where'd you get those I
had to get them the other day just cuz
of the new baby coming up I'm gonna have
a lot of like late-night so I'm gonna
wake up and be like I'm gonna put these
on his otherwise some contacts 24/7
because my prescription as you can
probably tell is horrible can't look
like Rick Moranis member noon it sounds
so familiar they can't I can't keep the
study to thank you I think I'm not
getting LASIK oh yes yes my eyes been
this level of for three years
which is they say like you wanna like
wait that's how mature said that if I if
I get LASIK it'll be probably good for
ten years let's do it and film it do you
ever seen it have you ever googled it
yeah what a lazy old Filofax
I'm looking at Joe's face wincing see I
can only make fun a little bit of like
how how you guys are reacting to
something close to your eye but I
remember the first time I put contacts
and it took me like 45 minutes yeah it
was so easy cuz they make you sit in
front of the mirror and put them in and
out to prove that you can do they make
you do that I wasn't like a Walmart and
if my mom was like screaming at me
things I couldn't get she's like just
try why would you want anything to touch
your eyes I know Tenderfoot
I was pretty okay with it they were like
surprised how okay
and I do like I touch my eye all the
time to freak people out or like I'll
move my contract people will be like why
are you doing that I was like I don't
know I just adjust it sometimes you know
space look like you would just tasted a
warhead never died before okay I didn't
mean to get this hi I'm sorry I'm naked
you want some of your foot no absolutely
um there you go
