what up Phil what what are you doing I'm
looking at all these posters about
that's Hillary when they're going out I
think around soon yeah there's a lot of
posters you know what today is yes I do
know what today is
today is the first-ever DeFranco book
club why am I wasting the good intro on
you Joe welcome to the first-ever
DeFranco book club those of you that are
new here you didn't see the announcement
video once a month we are going to
listen to a book come back here I'm
going to talk about my favorite things
my least favorite thing special parts
you guys can send in videos of your
reactions and reviews the defranco book
club calm this month we listen to World
War Z complete edition movie tie-in it
has been something I've been so excited
to jump into and just before we jump
into it I want to thank the sponsor of
the defranco book club audible make sure
to go on over to audible.com slash led
it makes being a part of this incredibly
easy you sign up for a 30 day free trial
you get a free audiobook but that said
let's jump into World War Z the complete
edition so right off the bat the first
thing I want to say is it doesn't matter
if you've read or listened to this book
yet it's impossible to spoil right from
the beginning it's a book that lets you
know where this story is essentially
going to end and it's going to hold your
hand along the way so that's an
important note and the second is please
for the love of God do not confuse what
we're talking about today to be anything
related to the horseshit show that was
World War Z the move sorry wrap it it's
true your movie was horrible but
covering World War Z is also kind of
perfect because the movie was so
horrible that the book shines even
brighter World War Z accomplishes
something and very hard to do in the
zombie genre and that is it is unique
does it follow just one person's story
it can't rely on jump-scare because it's
a book to some degree you know certain
people aren't going to die because they
are the people telling the story after
the fact the book tells a story as one
giant history lesson through interviews
and hearing that just kind of on the
outside I would make you feel
disconnected to characters but when it's
a life-or-death situation the way that
max Brooks just kind of makes this world
in your head you care about so many
people and that's not to say it's just a
collection of stories of people who
survived zombie attacks from their
family who just turned actually the
parts I found most interesting had
nothing to do with life and death
situations yes we get interviews about
patient zero where they think this
started yes the interviews take us
through how regular people and the army
killed zombies and we're slowly claiming
back land where this book really thrives
are the non-key characters your everyday
zombie movie you have a person who is
somehow special not to continue talking
 on the movie but World War Z the
movie is a prime example I'm someone
special I'm the only person that can
solve some things me against the world
I'm the underdog hero that's not the
point of this story or this book it's
just a collection of experiences while
the stories of people fighting off
zombie hordes are interesting some of
the parts that I found the most
interesting one part about propaganda is
this whole interview dedicated to a
filmmaker that it's really just he makes
propaganda makes these heroic films
where the humans are actually like
killing the zombies and there's all
these close-up shots of advanced
technology blowing up zombies and in the
interview they're talking about how
advanced the technology is but also it
was kind of a dud wasn't the key weapon
to save all of humanity it ended up just
being a good propaganda piece to put in
a movie and then people started watching
that movie and sharing that movie and a
boost morale and suicide rate started
going down and they're just a number of
times the book does that it makes you
think about zombies a zombie type
situation in a way that you previously
maybe would have never at the same time
the stories about blind samurai warriors
are badass not discounting that another
one of my favorite parts was the
bodyguard for all the celebrities that
are that are having like a reality show
inside of a safe compound I love that
part because it really made me think
about some of the people that I know in
my industry but I would literally look
at a zombie epidemic and be like okay I
think that everything's gonna calm down
how can we make money off of this that
also hits on this really human thing I
find myself to be a cynical person I
always expect the worst when you're in
the whether it be a zombie epidemic
or a far likely scenario there's always
going to be part of your mind that's
going well of course things are gonna go
back to normal this isn't going to be it
although especially more so with
celebrities who a lot of them think that
they are special chosen ones surrounded
by non people I also wanted to include
some things that I didn't like about
this book but I kind of just loved it
granted if you're the kind of person
that needs a main character to latch on
to to take you through to the end of the
book you're not gonna like it you have
the interviewer but there's really not a
lot of meat there he essentially serves
the purpose of providing context and
pushing the story along for me this is
just write down my
I'm a big fan of found footage film a
big fan of mockumentary as I take you
down unlikely situations like Lake mundo
ultimately for me if we're gonna go with
an old archaic rating system it's a 5
out of 5 this is this is a book that I
not only love but I know that I'm gonna
go back to in a year just to experience
it again they're really only a handful
of books that I can say that about also
the number of fantastic voice actors in
the complete edition are amazing even
Nathan Fillion Simon Pegg Denise Crosby
Jeri Ryan Mark Hamill Rob Reiner Martin
Scorsese and Ari Rollins even Commons in
it I don't want to list all of them but
there's a lot but that's I'd like with
everything I do it is not just my
opinion it's not just my voice I open up
the door to you guys over to Franco book
club com2 tell me your favorite parts
you reviews your whatever so here we go
it got me about this book that I wasn't
quite expecting was not so much that
they focused on the zombies but they
focused more on the stories of the
people so good suggestion I would have
never read it on my own well Shane I
think that's actually the sign of any
good story ever you focus on the human
beings the relationships the stories
they're moment you make it about the
people and not necessarily the people
that have to be the heroes you make
everything more relatable to the reader
and I do think this is something World
War Z accomplishes very well I always
described it as basically a Tom Clancy
novel with zombies I'm gonna stop you
there
I've actually I've never read a Tom
Clancy novel how do you guys to know
it's three notes the games are
essentially the same thing so a quick
question to the Tom Clancy fans out
there they're like two or three that you
would specifically recommend let me know
in the comment but continue cuz there
really is like there's nothing left
unthought about there are elements in
here that just you wouldn't even think
about it like they don't just talk about
zombies in the outbreak and all that
they talk about the geopolitical
situation before during and after they
talk about the marketing of these you
know anti zombie drug nothing is lund
discussed and that are honest really
makes it feel more real for lack of a
better word it really sucks you in yeah
I think one of the best examples of that
is when Iran and Pakistan nuke each
other they talk about how communication
allows them to always deescalate the
situation and then during all this chaos
things broke down they weren't
to communique and then in the midst of
that introducing memorable characters
and weaving that to be connected to
other parts of the story it's just it's
incredibly well done another country
that was mentioned North Korea that ends
up actually seeming to be the most
prepared for this because there's such
an isolationist nation and it's kind of
this upside-down world situation where
the thing that actually hurts them in
the real world makes them the most
likely to be safe in this world that
really drives drives me nuts about
zombies in this genre and specifically
and I think that's why I don't like
zombie books is zombies one drive is to
feed right so why why why do they have
to feed so much because they don't have
an energy source right right they're
infinite you can stick them in a closet
if they can't get out for ten years
they're just gonna be there until
someone breaks them out and then they'll
eat your face but why is food the
motivator for zombies I don't get it
never got it I don't understand zombies
alright I don't know I've always just
kind of thought that it completely takes
away impulse control and boosts
aggression I don't know I think the idea
behind Somme bees or a lot of other
things are like what's scary and then
let's fill in the motivating factor can
I just think of them as like angry
sharks with the bottomless stomachs just
have that drive but also I don't know
wow I did not like the Canadian Special
Forces chapter where they were hunting
down heroin dealers I was not a fan of
that I love Nathan Fillion and I did
like his acting this but I didn't like
the content he's supposed to be some
badass special forces for the Canadian
military ain't nobody want to mess with
me come at me and then a hanging jumps
out Nelson he's helpless
that seems a little far-fetched for me
but I mean it's a zombie book I know
unbelievable doesn't really have a high
standard when you're talking about
zombies one how dare you speak ill of
Captain Hammer the hammer is my penis
thank you for at least you getting that
reference there's gonna be some people
like what the are you talking about
and two I kind of get you where where
people all of a sudden you feel like
they don't line up I think that there
has to be kind of a little bit of a
window of what's believable for a person
to do in a moment of stress I feel like
a lot of people talk a big game but then
in the moment they they have an adverse
reaction to which you could say well
Nathan Fillion is character their
special forces he's trained you're
expecting gunfire but instead you just
find
of dead bodies and then you're attacked
by a zombie a thing that should not
exist in the world let's say it's not
zombies all of a sudden you're outside
one day and someone attacks you with
magic someone shoots fire out of
their hands at you no game playing for
that sometimes people make mistakes but
you can also see that as writing and I
think if we can turn it into a life
lesson there I think it's all the
preparation and experience in the world
for one thing can make you feel solid
and also be aware that at any moment the
world can throw something at you that
you just be not ready for and that kind
of makes me think of the North Korea
situation they had a certain skillset a
certain way that they lived their lives
when the ground beneath everyone moved
they were actually the most prepared
nothing set but also we're talking about
a fictional world so you have that guys
that's where this first DeFranco book
club is going to end I want to thank you
for being a part of it whether you're
one of the first guinea pigs to send in
video reviews and responses or you're
just taking part in the comments down
below you're recommending books down
below which actually on that note I've
been keeping my eye open and I saw a lot
of people recommending ready player one
so that's gonna be the book for a month
two of the defranco book club and
remember you can just use
audible.com/tyleroakley or one and boom
just like that you're gonna get ready
player one goodness to live or d8
earholes and you can you can make a
video be a part of the Franco book club
or you could just not be shy that's fine
but that's it thanks again for being a
part of this and I will see you next
time it's very very interesting and it's
very very good and it's done by an
all-star cast which was location dragged
you along you just can't put a damn
about it there's always wanting to know
what happens next
