you're gonna reveal how long you been on
the earth any big plans a night would be
like your hat printed signs yeah it's
gonna be a birthday celebration today
you ordered your own cake yeah she
coming today
and if it doesn't do well it'll fire you
thank you
he's just like big and strong he's gonna
get you a special rig all right I just
want you to work your huge fries man
have you noticed I've noticed a little
bit that since Joe start getting
compliments in the comments I feel like
his shirts have slowly gotten being
traded out for the energy when happen to
the energy and the high energy you want
to hi it's Jason's first cut it's gonna
go live on channel 4 now I'm okay with
it it looks like you're looking at my
crotch so I'm looking at shows like this
is like how I used to shoot all my
pictures back in the day yeah it's
pretty cool you're like weird uh
daughter though just like start walking
around
I don't know my watch just buzz like 12
times so I think I have two to three
meetings yeah zeliha old radio DJ they
never talking to himself on his couches
practicing maybe give the next job radio
do they have fun
try WBC see this is Joe nation 95 it's
really specific Joe nation on what
channel 137 Sirius XM I mean what do you
guys do what James doing distressing
though oh good I'm glad that you could
do that app work Sue's coming at noon I
wish
do you really know I mean do you really
wish to find a room I mean a quack a
faker
what would the brick cuz it is it is so
much higher than you maybe I'll just
talk to you like this
Joe yourself painted it I'm glad you
stopped finally slouching all right cool
no reason I'm not gonna leave I'm
waiting for the cut anything you have to
what up what's going on in the patreon
world there's all kinds of stuff going
on Joe we got let's see it I had Brian
design of some thank-you cards so pretty
oh we've got something similar to this
that's gonna start going out in your
perks so if you get a poster and get
something kind of like this a different
version and also if you get a mug I've
kind of brought some more stuff in to
make it more like my space I brought
some stuff over here where's all this
that you getting a medal from Obama oh
no that's actually Kylie Jenner it was
part of my Secret Santa and it just like
totally threw me out last year but I
thought that was pretty good
well then um I really want you to pay
attention look at that stud okay the
strings yeah cuz you know it's just me
and all the perks in here and the big
bag of peanuts big bag T nice you know
you're becoming like everybody's
favorite now all the comments like but
her email blood her emails whenever I go
its canonical James's uh James is just
showing Jason proper Friday show upload
and then three minutes you gotta get you
gotta get almost naked games
perfect he was joking about it but I
think it went up we'll get him a soos to
come Vince but that also means there's
no space here so it was either one he's
gonna be in the middle here with all of
you as he work which I think would have
been funny but he's gonna be in my
office cuz I gotta take calls in another
room James getting that masseuse go real
glad I didn't shower this morning
are you gonna make it good day to wake
up late hey you massage I pick up all my
clothes and wear a little a washcloth on
the crotch is this the time where I'm
supposed to yes we're taking them off
moon
Davis comes in here and he's just like
she's washing her hands and I was like
why are you in here what do you think
happens and eggs you have to take take
your clothes off and let me start taking
his shoes off in here
and I was like what are you doing you
didn't shower hey you don't just say
some shit and then be like oh wait it's
over it could be a real thing our
Chinese always shoot this we want
shelves on the wall but we also want to
be able to take down the walls so we
don't want shelf stuck to the wall so we
have two interesting we're gonna mount a
screwy part into the wall all right I'm
gonna take a longer bolt screwy part
don't do that on top of a woody part
okay and then we're gonna put pretty
stuff on top of a woody part go for your
visual pleasure it's rather like the
scene in Apollo 13 where they empty a
bunch of stuff out over a table and say
to make the impossible possible okay we
are going to do that right now
like we're doing tutorials here honestly
if this releases before we're done then
we're just gonna get a bunch of
explanations how we should have done it
it's okay Bernie so basically we're
gonna get pieces of wood to go on top of
a shelf like this our problem is we're
gonna screw these plates into the wall
but how do we get threaded pipes off the
wall while leaving the flanges alone for
storages sake we need to be able to
stack these flats when we're not using
them so if these things are constantly
on them it would make them a lot thicker
than they need to be so the idea we were
done just be able to remove the pipes
when they're not being used I feel like
I'm filming an episode of this old house
we'll figure it out cool literally
interesting let me know if you walk into
the room expecting great content I would
say that's a pipe dream yes dream pipe I
get it Oh
laptop drop laptop drop stop it's not
yours anyways you know we're just Tuffle
we need a new one again sometime final
words from the most fantastic ten out of
ten would do again would you go full
nude or happy I don't just went down to
my boxers people don't even see that it
smells good in there definitely covered
up my scent solid doing my little Club
and you weren't allowed to get in like
on your wrist tell me about your editing
experience how does your editing
experience so far all right back to the
studio
it's just what to say and what the hell
are you doing today what am i doing
today we're busy we're busy busy busy
look at yourself
I admire yourself you have a lot of
stuff there Phil made me get a shelf
because I had too much shit on my desk
and in a box under my desk for a few
much do you actually purchase this stuff
or do you get some well thinks it all
comes from loot crate boxes it doesn't
it's not like I buy a bunch of toys as a
grown woman who does that Danny what are
you doing trying the love you what are
you doing oh I just got them in graphics
at the Friday show major I love it
bigger things upper shelves shelves are
yeah we were just talking about the SIL
I feel like we're doing an episode of
this old house I never seen this old
house this old house you mean this
shitty complex Brian loves building
things
with his hands with his hand do with a
man hey Bernie
it's freezing in you birthday girl all
right
if girls don't like my cake selection
this cupcakes
you guys can thank my mother Naomi is
she coming you she's a job what did you
wish for
we should reenact your birds are you ask
my mom would tell me was boring she was
like it was like 8:30 I don't remember
I'm still fucking traumatize like 2016
we play are you enjoying your your
birthday include a minute of Breanna
eating cake and then we'll put out a
video let's go 60 minutes of Briana's on
Kitty eating cake that's toll okay so
we're gonna take this little video
you're starting a new cake and we're
gonna loop it for an hour
I would never cam girl but the idea of
the weird dudes you just want to watch
girls eat yeah man you make that money
right sign me the fuck up that just like
another day of online broker live
programming that we've been it be so sad
if that feeding our I actually thought
out show is you know that's what
happened millions of views millions
final words
thanks for the birthday
