I'm high on energy buddy high on energy
man gotta bring that energy today fill
my soul to beat you guys main wall is
gone don't do it Jone pressure give me
some energy Keith always comes in man it
sounds like this dog just died keep that
energy up hell yeah like kinda tired Joe
or like Aunt Rose took Kraken pro tea
with a Kraken protein that's weird
racket proteins wicked Red Bulls doing
some pre-workout though we're ready
we're ready to roll beautiful I don't
know why my voice goes all high like
that I feel like I'm at a at a gym
working out is that how you acted look
at bro sometimes hope they kick you out
yeah maybe they will I'll just kick them
out still our videos are still getting
tapped tainted they're tanning yeah
every time we got a like appeal all the
videos Phil you know what you'd do what
just make some BuzzFeed bullshit they
never get pulling they get a lot of use
to right that's a great fucking idea
that's a great idea
though that what the face wasn't give me
more energy job so what BuzzFeed video
would you do you know when they do like
the they taste weird stuff we actually
got something in the mail I was going
through your mail I found something in
your mail okay oh my go through mail
when you're working was it written to me
it was but I open it anyways I get bored
sometimes so he's opened up you said
okay I'll be right back
Phil catch this bean boozled bean
boozled dare to compare oh they try to
they try the beans they all the same
color and some good or summer bed it's
such a shame that I'm so busy today well
you can't do it you can't be in the
video no come on no at least give me a
good thumbnail Phil we need those views
no thumbnail should be me Emily if it
gets bad views then I get to just fire
that person I like that idea
don't get fired okay well we're gonna
play this game and you can go do your
work we're gonna film a like BuzzFeed
BuzzFeed style get a million views just
you wait it's weird cuz it's like it's
like this weird threat because if the
video does really good
and this means I got to keep my energy
at a thousand percent that was a
percentage of whatever BuzzFeed does
we'll just do this it's like Joe just
evolved yep this is your this is your
Charmander - yeah it's a chameleon let's
just do a lien let's do what everybody
else fucking does Michael bye okay cool
hey guys what's up I'm Keith I'm Brianna
and we're gonna be eating some jelly
beans that are either good or terrible
you're very excited rotten egg and
butter pop you'll love the butter love
butter popcorn burger and juicy pear why
is it juicy why don't put a description
whatever this juicy so do they purposely
put some of the flavors with the same
color so you can't even like guesstimate
that's awful canned dog food and
chocolate pudding no a week and dog food
would be too bit I've always had I
thought like the hard dog food you ever
have regular hard dog barf and Peach my
two favorite Mario characters there's
literally a bar flavor oh good good do
you think that taste like vile I don't
want to know what it tastes like
stinky socks or tutti-fruitti what
flavor is to be free a spoiled milk or
coconut they taste about the same in
their life dead fish or strawberry
banana smoothie isn't all fish dead
regardless if it's cooked or not
don't dead what do is paste lawn
clippings or lime I mean I need some
grass is this a grass
the way this works apparently is we're
gonna spin a spinner the spinners and
then it's gonna land on a color and so
then you and I are just gonna eat that
color and see what happens
I'm so nervous mmm I got juicy pear hey
I got a booger I don't hate them well
I'll tell you one thing that's not fair
what's not fair oh my god juicy pear I'm
into it
it just tastes like it's it tastes like
an attic it's not terrible although now
I'm picturing nothing mushed in my mouth
is now booger if you think about it that
it's a booger when you're swallowing it
it gets harder just does the texture
give it a good flick so it's either
coconut or spoiled milk I hate it's so
much Cheers
no definitely I cook that definitely got
spoiled milk
oh my god down by the way totally
singing stars that bad I wouldn't find
it now I was a bad there's not good it's
literally like rods cheese this tastes
accurate it's accurate to what it smells
like
okay it's not good it's not good I
finish it no you catch it although it
kind of has a banana flavor to it
chocolate pudding this way it sounds
very quickly
chocolate these are great food ah just
put it out
no that's weak it takes a second that's
definitely dog food it's not bad is not
bad don't I know if I just love my dog
so much that I'm just trying to
sympathize with them
so bad peach or barf peach or barf
I'm so scared I know peach that peach
you got barf
oh my god this really tastes like barf
doesn't it taste like vile like how you
say hey you said earlier here try this
oh my god that just brought me back to
so many nights a hutch what was that hey
just get the worst yeah hey just goes in
your bag not going away
hold on hold on but y'all are gonna have
smoothies really good though happy that
worked out for you I'm sorry please God
don't let me get that finish please
please a very blue toothpaste this is a
good one this one's to that I never got
to place me I probably go that's buried
I feel like I just ate like Chris thank
you do I'm cool with their son has been
that going my hair okay that's not very
good
that's a huge goto yujo just wall the
whole thing that's like gum ladies first
okay lawn clippings lawn clipping as
long clippings yes arm that oh that goes
he's like lawn clipping mmm-hmm got the
lawn
definitely grass not that I know what
grass tastes like but this feels like
Earth I was like a Saturday morning
punishment I imagine is what a
wheatgrass shot tastes like it
definitely tastes like a house rat like
a long would smell after you cut it it's
not great try another one sweeping at
the grass money okay put a little dog
poop in there like a real law I've got
so much dog piss on it you don't racism
urine dirty fruity or stinky socks nope
hard hat oh that's so bad oh so bad
that's dirty laundry no yeah oh my god
do you need the refreshing taste it's
bright color you like you're into
I really want to try the dead fish I
just get the dead fish Oh daddy it's
gonna be dead fish or strawberry banana
smoothie please beat it
we're almost at the end of these I just
split them up oh and just go for a while
for me I like the dog food will not take
a song like this we have a variety of
different flavors here we go 1 2 2 5 I
feel like I haven't emptied my
refrigerator like a month oh I had a
little bit toothpaste maybe like a
booger or something yeah and then a
stinky sock we got through that too
inviting me Joe this is the worst game
ever no one wins
that was disgusting it was yeah yeah
they pretty nasty even the good ones are
not great toothpaste is fine the rest of
them I would pass on the worst flavor
was the dog food the dead fish was by
far worse I always say the worst one
though is problems yeah you couldn't
even chew it more than one but yeah
that's focus stick in my mouth for way
too long
stop what this is gonna be fun yeah it
wasn't my Homer done oh yeah we're gonna
have so there's so many of these it's so
fun to do what is that the word you need
this was fun this was enjoyable maybe
next time we'll all swap of it I would
have done a little baby bird what they
did right I think so I've never observed
baby birds that closely yeah just
looking up on YouTube
