yeah what's up guys welcome to beyond
the scenes what is this one called title
right now and so it's a working title
working title but uh we are on the set
and we're gonna happen buddy what their
favorite cereals are my favorite cereal
is the frosted flakes because I haven't
eaten that since I was little and that's
the only cereal my parents brought home
when I was little so that's the only
thing I ate I'm all about them cocoa
pebbles because you know that's how I
pebble uh probably uh Apple Jacks Wow
I like cocoa Appa bleep easy oh that
one's good too I'm all about that I used
to be all about that many weeks I know
it's not a fan favorite but with a mini
wheats pretty good I like Lucky Charms
but also Cinnamon Toast Crunch you mean
this you mean diversification marmee's
yes exactly so because this house
doesn't have very good natural lighting
for us we're gonna use a reflector and
what are we using for a reflector some
sort of box is the box that held the
gold plaque over there or that
he's like I'm struggling for about five
minutes so we had to shoot multiple
angles of Alex bidding on Roy ah this is
the result bro
i frickin gosh bad on ya
I have cooties yeah yeah at the laughs
if you want you to meet Java you might
see where I kind of giggle a little bit
like oh no I should not laugh I don't
want to do this again okay you know what
I don't mind being her actually like it
we're like brothers you know be cool to
actually three different angles of this
conversation yes sir let me get to do
the conversation three times perfectly
though perfectly flawless if it is not
perfect we died nobody told me this what
upbeat yeah there's a spider on my face
yep there's a spider in my face so the
spider on his face the purpose of this
spider is to mentally you know prepare
for a slash it's like it's like a little
high life hack this is a live
representation of his fear and his fear
is getting slapped so I'm going to slap
the fear right off of them Roy and
gently afraid of Beach uh yeah are you
getting tasered right next to me I oh my
god right next to my ear the Taser
okay okay
you gotta load up but from that angle I
can see I got a few uh never uh tried to
pull your head away
behind your head all right don't we all
either I think I can write have their
own personal blog channel Val you can
check them out right with audio Alex and
sabe true true yes ma'am
yeah they own that don't go oh so we're
going to flashbacks right guys time
flashback time so we have a bunch of
wine glasses
yup filled with water and if by any
chance we messed up the shot then we
have no more wine glasses mm-hmm so it's
like you have to make this perfect
supposedly with shots like this with
objects you break or whatever you you're
supposed to have like you know backups
like two or three backups but in this
case I used all my backups so yeah we're
professionals so we only need one take
mm-hmm they practice 50 times before
this yeah okay yeah rolling Alex can you
help me out real quick I'm almost done
over there can you get a couple these
glasses and sup house and see something
shocking shocking
good cut yeah cool
all right be careful Kyle with no shoes
yep do you phone right away yeah oh yeah
this is the part where Roy once again
asking Alex for help and out to the
spider kicks that spider okay
so this is the epic jump kick that's
gonna happen we have this I protected
for Roy I know I don't know what to do I
feel like I'm not you give me this okay
oh I demolish a box there okay listen
okay okay cool Alex and embarrass cuz
there's neighbors he's in a towel only
I'm gonna close the door and then walk
towards the camera okay we're close the
door and lock it was a BTS um we just
finish the last T we did everything
backwards cuz the slap scene should be
the last because I get hurt actually get
hurt I actually get slapped how many
times did we do this scene right this is
bribe because he kept laughing probably
eight times so I got slapped in the face
of total like probably like 80 times
you're they won funny and I slapped him
it made me laugh it's hard to slap
someone to keep a straight face it's
really that's a talent someone should
slap his camera
thank you hey guys hope you enjoyed this
episode of wasabi vlogs behind the
scenes also I wanted to talk about this
awesome opportunity that I got I got to
voiceover for one of the main characters
on this cartoon series called treasure
hunters it was about these kids that got
to travel the world looking for hidden
treasure so check that out it's epic
trust me I never got the voiceover
cartoon before it was amazing
check out the link below and until next
time I'll see you on wasabi vlogs okay
bye
