but man hey you doing today guys we're
gonna be filming a challenge with the
cast of Maze Runner 2 square shots it's
gonna be dull so guys the coolest thing
also about being on set that someone
else take care of is the
a little creepy I don't know if you guys
remember Joe here what's hands I thank
you handsome man here very nice of you
to say that about me yeah so uh these
things he's he's actually knee manager
uh wasabi production it's all if you
look in the camera you don't only give
me an answer
oh yeah I get confused yeah don't worry
about yeah they did that to on behind
the table you said that like they look
it up yeah like look at the camera look
at the camera
well I want to send out my love is
ashabi fans you guys are great keep
liking keep subscribing
what's that being funny that's what
screen loves you yeah I love you guys so
if you see Joe guys if ever see Joe just
punch him and that's your showing your
love back watch me give you a hug yeah
whatever you like punching my G like
fuzzy invaders Audrey yeah what do you
get doing during the downtime we are
preparing very vigorously for our shoot
day because we're professionals
absolutely and we play the game earlier
but you did film BTS so you missed it
woo let's try it one more time one time
okay that was done oh do I made the
gamer
dude are you here for I'm here for this
what yeah
Kyle how do you know him I know him from
Internet he used to be the maze he was
in the maze - if you ever seen anything
made by ki Hong and it looks colorful
because I showed him how yeah he was
actually you were in the in the
labyrinth with him right you were stuck
in there I was elaborate they were
running in my mind oh so your mind is
amazing
hey man wow you're hiding in the hatch
I don't know why but Melvin is doing
what is con waltz it's lawsuits right
you guys know the phone does this when
you do the timer no that's pretty cool
oh yeah I wonder if you can hold it if I
kick your leg I don't know that I can
hold it on my own
you got it right there okay yeah that
creation yeah you should wait just
kidding NP uh excuse me - you got a
minute though how far away I'm in you
are ten seconds okay guys so bring it
right now these guys are doing it I'm so
strong how much longer you guys can't
get up until I finish my coffee
no I change this so much longer morning
she can help okay guys this is 90 minute
now I can't figure it out cuz I have
like a walk around oh oh no I quit
okay no I am strong I need to just
transfer the way to my core come on
Pilates you got it how much longer I'm
trying to meditate 20 seconds no ten
seconds she started nothing hey hands
get me on your thighs this looks so cool
oh man great right now knowing that you
have to play physical telephone what's
going through your mind uh and a lot
anxiety yeah um we'll shake it up a
couple drops of pee came out I don't
know how flexible I am right now
yeah having played telephone in a while
let alone physical telephone we never
played either so for like five minutes
fine hey boo we're all gonna edit what
she came in right in there
sure looked like you've never you've
never handled a water bottle before no
I've grown up just drinking out of
glasses so I never really nothing to do
water bottles that's cool
hi guys we're about to play this game
are you signed her yeah
is this the physical action yeah
something like that how you feeling man
I'm feeling good I'm trying to member
everybody's names and I think I got it
we got key hon we got a Dylan we got
Dexter and we got Kaia now what is the
lid is okay I got it
and that's really hey hello everyone
today we are here with the cast of Maze
Runner introduce yourselves everybody
I'm Kaia
hi I'm Dexter Dylan ki Hong Alex and
today we're gonna be a physical
telephone tape hurry up let's give it
gonna be simple first one simple look so
how do we know you have to do this cuz
they're not getting anything a CA I mess
it up oh yeah I think this was hey you
ready yeah you can look you can look but
I think this what is okay with the
noises all day yeah
all right oh no oh no oh okay we fell
the first one and then I buildings are I
got my own boat I'm not kicking you off
let's practice on that which is right
