what up guys it's a new day to start
shooting and we are doing what today
guys balloon pop challenge oh you sure
know they even buy the helmets for this
to protect the important stuff hi
welcome to another challenge with wasabi
oh yeah today we're gonna do the balloon
pop challenge yes yeah we're gonna do a
whole bunch up a whole bunch of balloons
popping techniques and whoever pops the
most with the least man tries gets to
hit the other one of the balls with a
blue I think it's kick them in the balls
where's the bling in the pants gonna do
again yeah alright we have not tried any
of this is the first attempt of all of
them and we're gonna do the tummy punch
mmm I don't know what's going on but I
will do it you go first
Cynthia this is a tummy punch this is a
tummy tuck tummy punch ready yeah oh my
gosh okay great one two oh oh okay one
two oh I love the shirt no you just keep
going I might take the same lunch oh
okay that's too tight I go hard man
how's it goin I just want to interrupt
this behind-the-scenes to talk about
vanduul really really quick so it's
about that time of year it's football
season and what's the best thing about
football season fantasy football I'm a
big football fan Carolina Panthers as my
team I'm from North Carolina I represent
let's go Cam Newton but FanDuel
a fantasy football league it is the
leader in one week sports fantasy
competitions last week I played right
and you're wondering how I did I won
what I do with the money I bought food
came back I played again there are no
season-long commitments no upfront fees
you can play every day any day it's
really up to you anyways you can win
cash if you're very knowledgeable about
football give it a shot if you don't
know anything about football give it a
shot either way you're gonna benefit
from this if you check out the
description below you can use the code
you can get up to $200 deposit match and
you can play against us well anyways
back to your behind the scenes what but
pop belly flop hey his explaining the
certain rounds okay this is what we do
uh-uh
we're trying to see who can kick the
highest so Cal said he could kick pretty
high let's try it okay okay all right
this is a bugger this is bugging Edelman
this is good
Oh mr. Church oh I'm stretching too
you dropped it so any dude he's sweating
right down no jumping
oh I got really Club stretch that too
let me dig my okay damn I gotta do okay
that's better
I can't go this Valentine oh dang it
that's a lie like that and so that's my
70 I'll bet I can do it okay jump this
have enough oh crap Oh blows this is all
that's a long hair my pants this is the
OL marks from the balloon whipping us
after it pops in our shirts are you yeah
you got some right here good and right
here oh yeah I want her here Wow look
like a hate going out it breaks kids
yeah yeah
I don't know what happened balloons is
whiplash yeah and I just lost my breath
for two seconds little David Haye BTS
Irene you wish you had a booty like mine
we share a Buddha light in mind look
that little shake you wish that bull at
mine you wish every like mine you wish
you up with a lot of mine get a booty
like mine you wish you had a booty like
mine is it one butt cheek oh you wish
Ana please like one big yeah big have no
idea two one oh this is hard
whoa let me show you how it's done mr.
Roy what's going on right now is we're
taping a balloon good for slow and then
we're gonna belly flop into the floor or
wherever that we may have to guess and
then
and then whoever pops the most balloons
and s'more wins
you look ridiculous - in the comments
below guys who do you think looks more
ridiculous Roy or Alex yes you decide
you decide in the comments below okay I
win that alright we're about to shoot
the last scene of the video here we go
you ready yeah yeah here we go
is that around its around around around
it's a top-tier rap let's get some
okuu I wanted show my butt okay god oh
yeah I hope you enjoyed the
behind-the-scenes anyways check out the
description box below join FanDuel and
you can get up to a two hundred dollar
deposit match on us so see y'all there
hope you all have a good day and uh
we'll see you on FanDuel
