hey guys guess what we're doing today
which is that we're gonna spread this
all over the floor and we have to run
stomp jump I don't know it's gonna hurt
are you excited Alex yeah yeah stomp on
it yeah I don't know what's gonna happen
Voyageur today he just brought Legos
4,000 and barely read that here is the
Lego set we can keep it creamy all right
wait anymore yeah
they took your socks out that's cheating
huh wait there's another bag what are
you doing
following people people people people on
Twitter that retweeted the link to do
Richard my back to school video of a
back to school there thank you you're
welcome
i retweeted it I'm waiting for you to
follow me I did alright guys so today we
are doing the yeah my god 58 minutes
later we'll fight on the side of the
video hey what's the helmet board
summits for my protection no really what
is it for signifies protection that we
don't have no really what is it for I
put a whole bunch of papers in here
signifying the task we have to do that's
right he's protecting the papers yeah
just six of five that we doll protection
but we you know hold on a protection you
know in hopes that we have protection no
was it for huh what is it for
I do what different ask okay there you
some block even so a cow are they
textured they are all want to do do what
I said what can't we move like ten times
already for you pilot this is good how's
that
yes haha so it's an array ah one go hi
hey guys so today we're gonna do a
really painful challenge that we always
do called the Lego challenge back
really people stuck all right all right
my turn sweetie stop crossing
yes oh okay
commitment I am man document okay - what
 this one okay okay you got it
now you're up there your mustache okay
okay okay though hurt so hurt oh oh oh
you have like one random one oh all
right great great great my money no for
now folks walk around in stand your
ground wait what oh maybe the easier if
you go with me all right
okay ready all right I'm gonna help them
out for this one so ready oh boy I can't
I can't
why would you fall off let oh thank you
here they're the richest run on the knee
on my knees all right okay I'm done geez
oh I'm bleeding you guys blue yo calm
see you oh I'm bleeding right here
I'm bleeding right there but other than
that I'm all right I think Roy pudding
today I knew you can you quit one I
think quit one I yeah unsuccessfully did
100 jump from the couch you gotta go
from here just one good job like oh okay
oh all right
Oh immediately I dropped oh oh my gosh
it's a bleeding no oh my god my feet it
is my legs really no okay I think I do
too yeah yeah
no you jumped like right here oh good
get look at those do every play Kyle
Kyle be like you need to jump more in
the middle yes and I got like this
alright you're doing your underwear
alright you can wear shorts this
cheating that was worse because it went
down and went backward ha ha ha
so guys because we forgot to roll audio
Roy I had to do a cannonball three times
it into the stuff mmm where is it
remember when I did the back flop yeah
this one's a belly flop yeah doing it
the stress ball yeah oh the rolling pots
what do you pop it yeah it's pop it
pretty all right man
oh my gosh is worth waiting there you go
another timbira like this dirty yeah I
got scared I'm gonna do it for chance
your bag oh now y'all let's split time
up okay that's unnecessary
okay alright you want to see the finale
video check out the wasabi video
tomorrow this is already painful as such
man Wow
so what what area hurts the most were
you guys though my knees hurt the most
to me
mine is building my chest and oh look at
this what oh yeah you turned into it
when you're stuffing money alright well
it's not really a rap yet but we'll dgs
oh it's a rap it's a rap it's a rap
garage
ha ha
