you know we have smaller bowls big bowls
the big boys you are such a waste of
time talking too late I didn't know what
to do sometimes name three things I've
wasted in my lifetime and I'll admit to
you that I am wishful guy hey damsel in
distress looks like your life needs
shaving yeah birthday it's not my
birthday
hey will with uh happy free whoa no it's
not this angle this is normal and this
is spring it heard looks bad yeah us so
we got a new camera that we're using
called the black magic the high quality
camera ah yo Sam this is how we start
the video we just talk nonsense for 30
minutes and then we set the video
Oh tell jokes god oh Jessica a caller
just uh hey Jessica just want to say hi
no Jacob oh it's a Jacob I know you're
here hey Mike see you later ha ha my
views that one kid thank you hey Alex
hey Roy um if you're watching what we're
doing right now is we're doing it again
because we just reviewed it and after
reviewing it we see what we need to fix
better so we're doing it shaving cream
all right so it's break time cake break
cater add music in the background watch
his name hey Cal hey in what way do you
think your wasteful always a my wasteful
I waste a lot of my precious time that I
could use for sleeping by watching a
bunch of cartoons I was gonna say what I
said but you stole it
I think I'm wasteful in just buying
random things what ways are you wasteful
oh you know sometimes I waste other
people's time and that's just a fun
thing I like to do when people are
trying to get things done I like to
distract them waste their time until
they don't get it done and then they
miss the deadline and then they're
really sad and then they will come over
watch TV and ep2 of me and I have
somebody to watch TV with well yo in
what ways are you waiting for uh for
myself I think I waste a lot of my time
playing video games uh way too much and
play way too much League and I'm trying
to stop now but I think that and I'm
also wasteful when it comes to food
because I will buy things that don't
need like Korean barbecue it's good but
sometimes I should be saving money but
like yo guys let's go crew barbecue and
that's like twenty-five dollars down the
drain shake it shake it shake it shake
it alley shake it shake it shake it
shake it out shake it shake it shake it
shake it out it shake it shake it to the
chicken Alex
others repeat they take you take you
clean I will slip after Alec is like
whoa you hit me pretty good
not me I was pretty oh I have so much in
my hair I couldn't see what was I didn't
even know what's coming out of here or
not yeah pretty good for you oh you got
some whipped cream on top of the mic
dude is everywhere yeah I go to the
shark yeah the stream everywhere Dan
just cream on the stove cream on the
floor what happens when you cream up
cream like all over your teeth it looks
like they're trying to cut off the top
of a water bottle but Alex wants to use
an axe you gonna freak my arm oh my gosh
what are you like huh huh is a terrible
idea right oh that's great we're setting
up one of the final scenes in the shot
in the bathroom Roy's making a poopy you
see that yeah that's good right there
you can't see the water though no that's
it but you see the you see the handle of
the axe that's fine yeah just because I
have so we just filmed the uh we just
film Roy talking now it's film Alex talk
to him outside of the bathroom before we
break the door that's kind of why we
have to ask guys kind of why we have a
lethal weapon on the premise so you guys
probably will see it tomorrow
but it's gonna be edited pretty good so
even though you guys know it here watch
video because you want to see how it
looks and soon look great skin look
fantastic
because Kyle's great at editing oh it's
not that good I like oh so much
that dude your butt did yeah big you
have a like a bigger booty so we're
chopping the door right now I'm not
chopping okay
I was down in the door and the dance the
door I bought was bigger than the actual
door slot so I have to push it in words
was chopping the door so I'm hit 104
oh my ready
it is this so I'm finished already gonna
call da o love
suddenly a mental break took a lot of
things ever it's still out there like
there's no way to putting a painting of
ready do is clean up all the bits that
Alec made yes I make lots of bits today
bitty bits bits did it did it get it and
of the pantyhose wrong uh two days video
now that's just the one that was going
get it it oh you're right all right
currently we are in the bathroom because
this is one of the three scenes Alex
wastes things so this scene is wasting
shaving cream this is the scene where I
waste things and you
one of three scenes one recent he's
going to get the shape of him right now
I'm gonna place it upon my face and my
head as I did with the cream of the whip
so I had to take two showers for this
video what usually doesn't even take two
in a week exactly but it's okay cuz Roy
you're gonna have to pick one - after I
put cake in his boy so since that since
Alex doesn't want to get the floor dirty
we're doing in the shower that's why I
want to shower for putting whipped cream
around putting whipped cream you shaming
shaving yeah shaving all up on the walls
again
and it smells oh it's not good huh I
can't hear I got what sugar cane right
here is Alex yeah you're if you're an
ugly guy just say yeah yeah so we got
the cake with a hundred candles set up
and all ready to go
yes guys this is a hundred candles for
the hundred year old man
Oh years old the earth I'm gonna leave
this cake oh oh I hope it doesn't start
fire well if this is the last video that
ever happens because of a crazy fire and
if it's your birthday happy birthday
ever happy birthday it's okay I have
another one it's okay
how good is that cake what is the cake
really good you should try it actually
pretty good
is it a wrap yeah it's rap it's a rap
it's a rubber sir is that alright get it
get it
I got paint on my face it's really good
yeah
