pantyhose tug-of-war dress on a tester
forest wall win
first one to fall loses final round I'm
rolling okay hey everybody come on over
oh hi misty oh you're taller than me
Wow awesome stop behind the scenes Sally
you're amazing try open the door himself
okay yeah it's a seat all right all
right there's a little crease on the
floor I'm gonna try to do my wheelie or
kickflip therefore we go we go Bobby
okay over he'll come around
hey guys thank you for joining us on
behind the scenes of penny hotel go
board today today today today we're
going to shoot the first scene with this
pizza he is going to be a major role
this is a pep the pepperoni pizza um it
took a long time to come up with that
name very creative and there's pineapple
love it so you know he's probably
Hawaiian like you like mister we'll all
right so we're setting up for the first
shot guys hi okay how long did it take
us to start filming since we've been to
got every day two hours that's a two
hours to start filming all right guys we
are in Aleks room we've set up for the
first odd challenge or the part of the
challenge
we're gonna do a montage or quick cut
pull the pantyhose out of his pants
you're gonna I'll put on the faces I've
never worn a pantyhose before I don't
even know today so it's really very very
interesting seeing what it is I don't
like it so I think today I'm gonna use
her house correctly you're putting it
over your face I'm really good I don't
think that's the character who uses us
your robber we're prepping on the
montage scene will open Alex set up the
pantyhose pickets Bennett shit shit when
he pulls it out
should he also like what like yeah a
band peacock hair goes with your hands
yeah like there's nothing wrong here
guys completely normal real
Nolan you parked it again all right is
it good oh it's strong I'm out I'm out
so what do you think is the cause of
Alex's stink part guys
no cuz we ate pita and our parts come
smell oh yeah
just because it smells that bad yeah
fingers signature all over it
yeah he said that the last time and it
wasn't good
ready
ah mere NZ his MA oh that beautiful oh
okay my dude
it like turns you into a cartoon big
like Nixon a little bit look super Asian
so easy
hey guys we're about to start filming
this long yeah
hey hey Dexter hey max yeah what's up
Charlie
Thank You Susan Susan crystal Christina
Jessica you guys are great yeah if
you're if we say your name in this video
comment below say that we said your name
yeah and if you didn't comment below
with your name what's all in the next
video
hey Rick what is going on right now guys
do it dancing okay thanks for making my
night okay you got me oh it's so good
we're good okay so now we know it can
hold over there in the bottom 500 really
heroic rock I'll hold on yes it
you gotta sit down okay cool I have the
I have the support we're definitely
breaking these back okay pretty good oh
you're ready look at my legs
okay years ago Hill boy Oh
oh my gosh this is an experience get a
little bit Abajo
hope you crazy guys you guys realize
that three human beings we're moving
around and not one of us was walking
okay what about seven seat cars no
portrays anything no your kitchen oh
good okay wait okay last time they lost
you Tyler expected round two honey check
first one the ball is just yeah you say
first of all sandwiches first one to
fall loses
we've all been there yeah vacuity so
part of a backup mega go or go forward
or let LSA okay rolling oh let's go run
three hey guys so we're outside at the
pool now shooting our final challenge
for the tug of war and the funny thing
is that these guys are actually trying
to win so it's not actually rigged or
anything
here we are little stud liam working out
so dudes if you want to see how this
video ends check wasabi Wednesday
tomorrow yes do it
no way is that a rap it's a rap it's a
rap it's a rap rap it's cloudy it's glad
to go this guy it's cloudy
