alex is all sore he can't reach his back
right now yeah you get it
hey is it over there
you look like a pup like a puppeteer or
why are we all dressed up today that's
okay you're looking good there's your
meter view from the suit up okay well
you don't need one sometimes you just
got to which guy do
I stood up to go to the grocery store
all day I've never seen you sooner for
the good well you've never been to the
grocery store with me now have you will
ya I don't think so
so I thought today we're shooting a
video consisting of us dressing up
that's why we're dressed up today we're
shooting our Shark Tank parody you guys
haven't seen that show watch it it's
cool just what we just are you going to
be drawing or taking notes or anything
or are you just practicing your faces
all right give me your best shot face Oh
your best happy taste oh your best mad
face oh my best I want 10% of your
company pays good all right give me a
give me your best happy face I'll give
me your best excitedly all right giving
your best ecstatic - all right give me
your best upset face
oh he's good so we're trying to emulate
the camera angles similar to shark tank
so we have Kyle in the back working he's
doing like a 45 degree angle kind of on
Roy over there trying to keep it low I
angled and if we can dirty the screen a
little bit with Alex that's what they do
a lot of if you don't know what that
means don't worry about it
enjoy doing all your work you know stock
though the stock game so strong your
sake
oh you're stuck whoo there's the black
so there's slimming section yeah Patti
how's it going guy for it wait for it we
are about to rehearse this part I am no
longer and partake of this video so it
feels like no nope
I don't know what I think about really
living with you with Joe Maxim is he and
that's my part
what sums it up yeah hey Kyle why are
you sneezing hey Kyle can you hear me
yeah oh yeah yeah that's one thing
wow you have a good ear you I got I got
top ten qualities
here's nice spirit everyone follow um
Kyle hatches ba Tony's really trying to
figure out how you want to look in the
montage holding the diaper should I do
this
for this right some of the wrong which
one is very okay I think you should out
due to in them and smash it on your face
hello good nothing just do you like that
oh wow you see mother you tell - oh your
phone
having more up so you get bill to the
table they look cool it's just the tree
and the TV up hey mommy see you look
here hmm
all right rollin someone ripped live at
holy I pray the diary I put the night
burn put a diaper on this girl like
followed us over here that would be worn
by far the worst part ever
yeah I can feel it was warm that's all
start laughing I'll always be bad
okay let me guess duty one in my mouth
you go to a doctor hey tasted on that
place
hey guys so we're done with the suits
now yes right now it's a meeting to run
off to we know right here right there
but you had a meeting to go to right
okay bye
wait someone's at the door hold on real
quick doors open boom and we have a
special guest guys hi I'm here for the
shoot today I heard there's some eating
of sharks yeah something like that
so my got rich off of lottery tickets so
we got some ourselves and we're gonna
see if we can win a million dollars Oh
smells like money smells like spark yeah
come on fight it earlier hole deterred
Oh
I don't even
purser fair oh yeah your ticket you win
thank you times 1 so you got to dig it
now I get one one ticket Abbi you one
more ticket nice ah if you're lucky in
love okay it's a rabbit
are we done we're done we're done with
the video goodbye
