hey hey what's up baby buddy we are
about to start filming but we have to
prepare yes more but this is the time we
prepared really yes this is called crush
the goldfish tradition every before
every single filming what up guys today
they're gonna be boiling energy drinks
so sports drinks energy drink coffee and
wine and uh because that that stuff
usually takes a really long time to boil
and such and come to a harder State I'm
going to show you what we do during the
meantime while we wait
party time let's go we stretch
stretching we also play Super Smash and
he got new shoes we get mail
we take naps whoo okay so same thing
happens as did happen the last two times
it got really choked in here and it got
really smoking in here and it burns your
eyes on behind the scenes I'll try the
coffee like this bad it's better than
the rest you guys have a pretty low bar
for the things that are good you're
excited to eat this this Red Bull I mean
this energy drink
now four hours and 18 minutes and we
finally got the Red Bull to dissolve to
this none other energy drink so now
we're trying to take more pictures with
thumbnail the better capture with the
video is right there because it's a wrap
because I got lot of I don't know I
can't think I can't think I gotta brush
my teeth huh do I get karaoke all right
