we're setting up for the shot right now
hello everybody
and guess who
today we're doing a piece of challenge
we have a whole bunch of like
ingredients I don't know if I'm excited
or not I like you said but the
ingredients we're gonna put on top is
toppings which one do you not want oh I
don't know exactly everything but I
think your salmon in there and the caps
we don't know I don't like the casual it
I would eat dogs then I carefully yeah
on the pizza and then after that we're
gonna bake it and we're gonna eat one
slice of pizza and if you can't finish
it
we're gonna eat one slice of pizza oh
this sucks sucks what do you do
nothing is eating it okay okay where you
see you could eat it okay and we're
gonna eat one yes I'm so excited about
crepe so many crayons
yeah raspberry no ah are you picking the
wet number if you can think of one thing
from your pizza bow to be cat food dye
cereal ideally I would take off like
five things probably sour patch kids
first though Lou you know it's our pets
good well they're sour at first and I
don't agree with that hi everyone I've
created a new pizza it's gonna blow your
world if you had to name it what would
it be called jacuzzi cuz it's filled
with hotness what about you
and you had to name your pizza over to
be called le mine would be called colors
of the wind
get on your Pocahontas we're about to
put it in the oven we're uh I don't know
we both don't know what it's gonna look
like in like 30 minutes like wow what's
all this cat food on there I can't you
can good well good luck guys
so what do we do I'm waiting for 30
minutes in the comments below write who
your favorite person to play on Smash
Bros is I see it here check it out burn
well it's colorful like a rainbow so I'm
gonna eat it ready
so there's no big the slice is pretty
big one okay and then you got Sony's
crayon out there oh my goodness
yo you alright the paper tubes there's
like no more crayon in there oh yeah so
corner slicer that's oh that's so up out
of my mouth well it doesn't look at you
it actually does kind of look like a
banana it on the inside look it has like
the the seed looking beauty will it's a
purple Bana but now it's brown you look
at the camera when you're looking in oh
it's not good it is good oh my salmon oh
I don't forget that egg man here you go
thank you or a banana
yes so Kyle and I are gonna try now cuz
these guys are just complaining the
whole time we're gonna show them how to
eat it right huh yeah we not a puts up
in our mouth and get it down oh okay
yeah let it grow keep going it's dead
the car likes it if you want to follow
you terrible
thank you for trying that good now you
can stick it out oh it's like it's like
flavors that are making me sad depressed
hey Baba try get some this Oreo oh it's
the cat food is very dominant is it yeah
I'm gonna cry too much
look at these guys I threw up froze he
did it up I like just like I get out of
little boy kala to see you guys okay
yeah I'm fine
well it tastes like my roommate to be is
cooking that's a wrap it's rap it's a
rap yeah
throw bad dog all right this way yeah
looks like we're doing that all right
peace
