what did I do to annoy you I remember
that one time with the spray bottle oh
we're trying to be very efficient with
time and all our shots so we're filming
whatever we need to film on the couch
scene now and then the flashbacks later
yes as opposed to going back and forth
back and forth or resetting the lights
and resetting the camera resetting the
sound making we'll do stuff we have a
lot of dirty like scenes not dirty
scenes but we're gonna get dirty in
these scenes like that touch sounds
wrong too but we're just gonna get messy
so now Roy is strategically setting up
the pool and we're gonna blow that up so
that we can get that over with so we
don't have to come back to the couch
anymore this is part of the couch scene
the end Jeon I think it was busy
oh yeah you're right
how many miles can we put on that at the
same time two bulbs Mel do easy I just
see and we're gonna pass out though Kyle
do the middle one Three's Company
it looks like a TV show all right all
right so because last time in the last
video Alex squirted a Kyle right in the
drawing area we have Roy helping them
out we're gonna make sure that Kyle's
going is nice and dry put in my butt
crack right where is it I'm always in
yeah it was very safe that cool okay
it's cool to be at my house that
everything was good but I'm like after
you fell into the first pool you could
see the top of the second pool I mean I
could I could cross a negative oh okay
it's wet on the wall okay hey guys so we
just finished the pool scene and now
we're jumping back and doing the other
little flashbacks all around you but
from now on we're gonna refer to you
guys by random names so that's your name
you'll be very excited to write Amy
that's right Joshua okay here we go ha
ha ha ha ha sim are you watching pay
attention
Brian I see you Brian stop time don't
stop messing with Tyler he's trying to
watch the video ok I don't put that down
I felt like all this whole groups can be
seen there like TV just every single
oliver named Zechariah so let me tell
you about it about these costumes first
you get the buttons then you got these
two pockets which is nice you go to your
real pocket you got zippers here you go
into your real pockets and if you got
poop under the table there's another
super poop aqua poop tail whatever it's
like there I can't reach it and then you
know what take these off ever hey guys
hey Tyler how's it going if it's your
birthday happy birthday
anyways we found this cool awesome
outfit for Alex at Victoria Secret Oh
God I'm putting that up I'll get up I'm
doing it all in favor play that over
again one two three
oh please uncle what are you doing
nothing why thick we rolling rolling huh
we have any more smoke no you can see
that oh no I'm high alright settle down
we should just glue okay oh god I'm
melting chocolate so you can put it all
over my body
okay good
are we done yo is that a rap rap it's a
rap it's a rap track do two months dude
it'll wrap mm-hmm
