hi welcome today we're doing the Red
Bull challenge Red Bull and milk
challenge
what's poppin everybody I'm cleaning out
this thing so if you pour the milk and
the Red Bull here so you can see how
disgusting you look so we don't have any
clear containers so we have this blender
we're about to blend your world
we should probably clean all of the good
luck though now we get the right there
go go go go okay so we're about to start
this a Red Bull thing but uh well I'm
pooping I'm sorry all right
here's well yeah go we are in the set of
this I guess you say challenge it's
gross challenge right it is the grossest
challenge I did it with my brother about
a year ago or something like that and
I'm ending any of it you better drink a
distant God let's explain the glasses
why did glass love my glasses because my
favorite TV shows the flash and one of
the characters where is this and I
thought look really cool and also the
blue Power Ranger wore one it wore
glasses and he always saved the day you
like my glasses that looks delicious
those aren't glasses Roy what are they
those are cops glasses cups here is a
bag what is this back for is it a
putting our trash in there be putting
our poop in there see putting nothing in
there or D throwing up answer it now
or e all of the above
true re or e all the buff or F none of
the above
one suppose that happen okay so the
scientific thing about this is a Red
Bulls acidic and acidic mixes with the
proteins of the milk then once they're
together they create this salt they
coagulate they coagulate making this
foamy substance which is very very nasty
looking and we're gonna drink it
we're going to attempt to drink it so
you guys have to practice it throwing up
noises to see if it's too loud for the
microphone that loud no but if you wanna
take a it's really happening yes biggie
right now we just know what it sounds
like because we have done it so many
times don't love us bad don't do it
unless you can't help it knowledge what
we're gonna do is we're gonna mix
Robredo what we got wrong see what we're
gonna do is mix redbull and milk
together now
we just need like five minutes okay guys
we're gonna let this settle for five
minutes and then Roy's gonna chug all of
it huh where I sign said if you cover
your nose like this you won't taste
anything
okay one two three
clapping now what is bad what happened
all right I know if I drink this oh gosh
Oh from the side I know for a fact if I
drink this you I'm gonna throw up it's a
no how do you know drink some oil make
you feed on this all right Kyle your
turn to drink it oh I don't think I need
any more wife movie stuff different
sizes do for the behind-the-scenes okay
be honest email do a little bit okay
this is from a cow oh yes omelettes
oh my gosh little entering coconut
though
we just wrapped up on this challenge in
this pretty crazy man my is there a
lottery I think I can't even talk as I
threw up so hard how about you Alex
how's that one cup you get some on your
shirt no oh got him
