hey Roy sir
so while you were out of town I was on a
TV show what yeah
it was in space what oh this is like
work this is it's coming six humans and
aaaahhh
a robot and a coffee maker I'm the
captain now and you're all about to get
rough is that you right there no that's
just something on the screen for their
intelligence we're completely off the
grid
what's the grid what would you name that
planet Michael tater dog Crispin's Wharf
Wow others space starting on April 14th
only on Yahoo screen so you're telling
me they have a coffee maker in the
trailer but not you yes
you're such a liar you're the show look
I have proof watch this look we're here
with other members this is Karen and
this is Connor so I'm making this video
for my friend Roy so I could show him my
adventures you know it's a header Roy so
what do you guys do on the show I'm the
captain of the ship best be respected
are we doing well I have to go Journal
Alex had to go isn't it crazy how like
we didn't know each other and now like
we're forced to hang out and we're best
friends
that is how I would define crazy yes
Alex
oh yeah that's a shame what happened
yeah it wasn't all fun and games
actually one of our actors disappeared
through a wormhole you know actually I'm
freezing eggs we lost several several
our cast members kind of good you push
me in there and you know hey look it's
all about method acting so you got to go
at the moment I helped yeah there's no
hard feelings it's okay okay cool
yeah that's great one glad you made it
back yeah you look good so I'm
documenting this little adventure yeah
my friend Roy wants a head roll Roy oh
my god Roy you are the greatest I love
you Roy you're so great all right well I
know you're a busy guy so I'll let you
go don't forget ghostbusters I have that
role you promised right before you push
me it is so good to see you again oh
it's good to see you too it's so great
again balls crazy
all right have fun thank you for joining
me and to Roy I miss you okay I played
on the show I think we already we
already have everything we need okay
but next time I get any questions that
you have for me no like any way that I
could be a part of it yeah all right
well next time I'll I'll contact you
great yeah so do you need my phone
number
well I I think I'll just guess I was
gonna guess and then eventually it'll
work out you're probably
no no no I know all right well it was
say bye
all right have fun yeah I know okay bye
