you ready oh thanks okay brother
what up guys this do be honest in
starting and this is kind of how they go
to the read-through all right before if
you have a script on Mike you want to
read the script before the actual script
or sketch so we can look over and walk
through how it goes and if you see
anything that can be changed we do it
this is why we do script readings she
poops twice already so we're reading up
for the first shot we've got
Choa Choa Choa Choa Choa Choa we got a
stand-in standing for chichi getting
focused so what are you reading
how does she videos it doesn't sell have
you try to improve my blogging and video
make it good oh we're gonna find you
lazy another place rostov use we tried
to it I was having a hard time getting
GGO because she loves me so much that it
scares her it's okay we're not gonna eat
you yet hey you guys know what's crazy
you know
guess okay tell me how tall a t-rex is
35 feet 10 years MP I said Lauren says
75 I said 50
here exit I wouldn't be surprised if huh
now I wouldn't be surprised of 35 is
closed yeah 15 to 20 feet max yeah
that's it's crazy right I'll say I
thought there at least 50 button shows
it was only like 15 average 20 max
working with animals first time did you
oh yeah first time with the animals as
acting what was here every single time
we filmed all right I'm done that began
over mu know what's gonna happen she
might jump but she's good she do and
what would shoulder never on my shoulder
on my right shoulder okay blow my
shoulder oh man
okay so the thing about working with
animals it's kind of difficult because
they can't understand English so we have
to just skip their attention by flashing
light at them oh wow wow is your butt
backwards are you have 40 feet so I
thought working you can do the
flashlight of them give them food or
something to get her in turnaround it's
difficult
yeah it seemed like the whole BTS just
gonna be trying to get cheap things hope
they go what if she escapes
okay go oh there you go
shows Kyle yeah she's going up what by
GG no uh-huh
it's okay you need a rash what are you
doing huh I'm trying to get you to just
stay in one place less but she likes to
run around she's stickin stay I'm using
telephone Ellijay I can't get it
break up she teaches going under the
closet
I like Gigi's not done yet no she's not
dude animals third swoop delicate
remember when we fill the Tucker he was
so tired that he passed out after you
left
oh yeah and Jeremy came home from work
is it what did you do to my daughter's
dead he's so tired okay here we go oh no
no no zero barnacle oh goody yeah oh
that's perfect all is good oh okay oh my
time yeah just to come brain as long as
she'll start from the edge beauty yeah
just hums hey let's go
oh you can your game you see my hand
damn if I don't put my hand here so try
to jump right close to shut where you
give see most eco Oh am I out of it
right now yeah yeah here here last night
weren't you - good I could look over
there
go get bucket pooping us it's alright
chichi what are you doing here alright I
was Creek all this you bother pooping be
it hard
I have never seen a washing machine this
TG peed and pooped Gigi peed and pooped
on our couch if you guys want that couch
cushion down below type chichi in the
comments so have you ever owned any pets
before yeah actually on the chinchilla
but it died cuz a black little bit well
very dark sorry any other pets a dog
like good a black little boy no no dog
name's Callie she's messy Florida Oh
with you oh how about you is this your
first time having a pet yet my first pet
how was your experience been so far I
like I like it a lot I like it if you
could have any other pet who what animal
would it be uh a slow loris what is that
it's a it's a little slot thingy and
it's really slow and you can look it up
on youtube and they go like that oh and
they got big eyes no no oh I see you I
see you look it up it's good yeah also
of how they hunt those animals for pets
really it's horrible what yeah they clip
their teeth out with like fingernail
clippers so they can't buy you oh my god
and they're destroy their habitats I
don't want to slow loris anymore here
Oh what happened me yeah freaking chichi
scratched me
Oh hurts dude like a we we had an
accident um
chichi attacked my neck okay that's
crazy
is it hurt no no mm all right okay haha
so this is how we got to get a shot when
we don't have a panel you find her then
I move to the side please mirror getting
a good angle there sir I know you don't
like pets okay but chichi chichi is
different
just give her a chance then I'm your
comfort zone oh and we'll be good see
Gigi stop go back up there should be a
sheep okay ting really yeah and then
walk away go outside okay
scream ching-ching fetch all right
scream inside the door this is like
money I change any fat okay I'm gonna
pick up a stick and be like chichi fetch
and then I'm gonna walk out so we're in
Roy's room shooting the last scene
uh he's in his cozy little bed there
this is the murder scene dude this is
where he dies all right Kyle all right
whatever nap time guys yes keys do the
outro then okay bye and watch the model
video and watch tomorrow's video and
make sure that you watch it because
chichi awesome and she really wants you
to like the video so do that too and
comment again if you want to see her
look at those slackers all right Oh
