hello hey guys today we are gonna do the
speech jammer challenge so what we're
gonna do is we have our favorite books
when we were little boom I got the
rainbow fish by Marcus professor and I
have all the places you will go
by dr. Seuss we have headphones and we
have the speech jammer device okay bitch
be the one who's gonna read the book
where the headphones okay and then I'll
turn on the device and what the device
does is you say something in the
microphone and it plays back half a
second later so when you read the book
your mind will be all jumbled up so your
speech will be all jammed let's give it
a try you wanna go first you have that
go inside of it yeah wait I just read
you just read ha ha ha ha Marcus
professor the rainbowfish
a long way out in the deep blue sea
there lived a fish not just an ordinary
fish but the most beautiful fish in the
entire ocean his skills were every shade
of blue and green and purple with
sparkling silver scales among them the
other fish were amazed at his beauty
they called him rainbow fish come on
rainbow fish they would call come and
play with us but the rainbow fish were
just glide past proud a silent letting a
scale shimmer one day a little blue fish
followed after him rainbow fish he
called wait for me please give me one of
your shiny scales they're so wonderful
and you have so many wait you're
supposed to mess up dude all right
are you yet ah you just said read the
book this is not affecting you at all
it's like I can hear myself delayed a
little bit you're supposed to like mess
up what hmm oh the places you'll go by
dr. Seuss okay congratulations today is
your day you're off to great places and
you're off in a way you stopped
perfectly normal yeah brands in your
head yeah brains food shoe shoes and you
can steer yourself in directions each
shoe choose your own and you know how
they got
and and you know what you know and you
know other guy who will let the staff
over we go haha that's it sounds like
good I did it this is hard you look up
and down as Reese's look em over with
care about some of you want to say I
don't get to shoot you go get there with
your head full of brands and you shoot
me
maybe it's the book let me read that
book okay let me finish it okay go ahead
this page you're too smart to go down
any no druggist a good street and you
may find any you'll want to go down in
that case of course you'll head straight
down out of town yeah yeah it's opener
there in the wide open air that's good
okay you read this book okay
you read my favorite book did maybe it's
the glasses maybe okay out there things
can happen and frequently do to people
as brainy and footsy as you and when
things start to happen don't worry don't
stew just go right along you'll start
happening too that's not like he did oh
I don't know you're doing this very Deb
why a laugh is annoying oh the places
you'll go you'll be on your way up
you'll be great seeing great sights
you'll join the high fliers who soar to
HIGH heights you won't lag behind
because you'll have the speed you'll
pass the whole gang and you'll and
you'll soon take the lead wherever you
fly you'll be the best of the best
wherever you go you're top all the rest
okay that's not fairly read your book
maybe you okay yeah yeah that's what it
is what good were the dazzling
shimmering scales with no one that I buy
them now he was so lonely as fish in the
area the entire ocean
one day he poured out his troubles to
the stock fish I really AM beautiful why
doesn't any beloved anybody like me
hahaha I can't ask you that for if you
set up starfish but if you go beyond the
coral reef to a deep cave you will find
it why it's octopus maybe she can help
you
let's give in the rainbow fish found the
cave
it was very dark inside and he couldn't
see see any thing somebody the two eyes
caught him in the mid glare and the
optimist emerge from the darkness I'm
not the optimist no I have been waiting
for you said it octopus will of dig boys
the waves dad told me your story this is
my head advice give a glittering scale
to each of the other fish you will no
longer be like the best miss the most of
you beautiful fish in the sea but you
will discover how to be happy I heard
myself through the thing I was like god
I'm messing up and then hearing myself
mess up made me mess up even more oh
it's okay hey guys thanks for watching
we want to give a special thanks to
audible they helped us hook you guys up
with a free 30-day trial on audible.com
slash rossabi go there and earn any
title out of the 180,000 titles they
have and just start reading now for free
audible is also awesome because they
have whole bunch of newspapers magazines
they even have my favorite book in there
steal like an artist by Austin oh and
yes please by the parks erect star Amy
Poehler if you're driving if you don't
have time to read and you're on your way
somewhere or if you're waiting in line
at a music park or anything you just
pull it out listen to it and get caught
up on your favorite books what I usually
do I usually listen while I shower cuz
chattering I just see the sheriff like
30 minutes listening to this book so
thank you audible for everything get out
of here
you
