hey guys hey guys hey guys hey guys hey
everybody hey guys so we just got back
from the Philippines and it was the best
trip I've ever been on special thanks to
18c for hooking us up with a Samsung
Galaxy Note edge they also hooked us up
with ATT passport 80 passport was the
best thing like I could have ever asked
for for international travel I could
call anybody who anywhere out of 150
countries
this thing has unlimited international
messaging I texted my mom my girlfriend
my sister my brother everybody also
unlimited Wi-Fi on this another cool
thing was that you just get it for 30
days and they're automatically expires
after 30 days so they don't try to get
you to keep going and going and going
she's good at cuz you understand for two
weeks
okay so we put together this montage
with the whole trip for you guys and I
yeah hope you enjoy check it out
hello mom hey yeah I'm in the building
come home I can't
I'm in the Philippine okay I'm coming
here to go home I'm coming mom
whoa wasn't that sick oh that's so much
fun
all right it was the best trips I've
ever had in my life and I'm going again
on that soon shoes let's go
Oh what gonna go um yeah okay let me
call my mom first tell her that I need
another one another international bit
hello hey why are you calling me Oh Ron
Cooper sorry mom is it okay if I go to
Philippines again yeah you just just
call me in the same room great it's fine
yes you're still on the phone with me
