it's the morning morning we did hair
though fresh haircut that's my bed head
Oh
behind-the-scenes you know what a hearty
thank you
oh um Kyle drew this from me because I
told him to draw me and he got it
perfect
do you like water not Richard nirvana
okay for this scene it's uh supposedly
I'm gonna have tattoos on my legs so
what but I tattoo can you have then
Rolando's on your leg right so that's
what we're doing right now
Richard are you like you are you
enjoying touching her leg Oh temporary
Richard my trips and this dress Ranieri
starin here Ilana hey what is it just
girly things that you do okay um
sometimes I do durin on um every um year
um
I brush my teeth girls do that right
lipstick
I eat that chapstick I eat that um
that's pretty much all the girly all
right what Tamara
I tend to forget forever I was behind
you
do you want to turn that light no I
don't yes you do
we met uh-huh all right right hello
cousin the rich egg huh go home go home
who drew that tattoo for you
um this is Kyle he drew this tattoo for
me was Bryan Alex man they're always
gone at this time I don't care though
they said they're at the beach or
something
whoa yeah Richard go home I still hear
you
ah
