and that's a wrap on this subway
sandwich for lunch
yeah all right guys we really need you
to work we're gonna passing for like two
hours
one more game and we're gonna find the
scenes Oh Oh 16 when I want to have
God's apron and I kept it for videos but
we never used it and now we are and
these are pizza stains from eight not
eight years ago when I was a little old
in see it it's kind of gross but looks
like whatever you know all right all
right we're starting after 2 hours and
42 minutes
sy yeah that's better than they were
like war record time right now do you
have trouble eating food or you get
really frustrated eating them we can
help you with that we have a solution we
didn't hear you
this is a series of a lot of zooms kind
of thing yeah
zooms and voiceover it what are you
doing with the floss uh can you pull it
like a sure you have it partially open
so it looks like magic this is why you
watch them behind the scenes guys Shea
lifehacks of wasabi videos I thought
they'd wash behind teams for this go
away
do you hate when your ice-cream gets all
hard and Christmas goes already do you
hate when your ice-cream gets all hard
and crystalline to keep it soft just put
it in a bin as if my bag and put it in
the fridge is it like there oh here we
go honestly it's kind of funny if you
yeah get on or I'll just we'll see if I
miss or not it'll be destiny okay
bowling mono zero one one do you hate it
with your girl do you hate on your ice
cream gets all crystally and hard if you
want to keep it soft just put it in a
ziplock bag and throw it in the fridge
like the most dangers haha wasabi eats
are there two guys ever hear any Manos
r14 we're not gonna jump a cup of tea
but we will cut each other's fingers ah
ya ready yep
okay listen let's make a perfect
sandwich like Wow perfect okay cool
and specially space of the floor I'm
gonna eat within a second to look mmm
I'm sweaty that's why I'm good that's
good
all right so we're prepping for the the
salad scene this is what this is our
setup right here this is our wall
barrier so I won't hit anything like
this is the perfect barrier nothing can
go out of this like wall holy in here so
you're saying if you wanna another
another life hack this is perfect see
you look I'm gonna throw it so I'm gonna
go through the wall oh it sounds
good to be yeah glasses and everything
he's got a pillow behind in just in case
he grabbed the smallest one though
that's a great solid it's well-made yeah
it looks amazing
ah careful his glass on the carpet
definitely yeah you guys want shoes
right now real quick oh we actually have
shoes on oh yeah oh she's gonna hurt you
all right
amateurs clown I will again I get my
calling is not gonna stop like it
doesn't matter but I mention it at the
same time that's what you are on my
brand new channel oh I think this is our
second day shooting and we've already
broken three plates uh three to four
glasses and about a million heart Alex
well like you wanted a really big flame
so he put more wow it's a big campfire
for the food oh you're so warm now okay
good night
so close oh wow oh my gosh oh well say
you follow us on Twitter and while
you're doing it so unfortunately our
camera batteries ran out so we have to
stop doing BTS for a bit so we can focus
on the main one but we're here to do
that excuse hi we're doing the last back
slash entre right now so it seems like
after all our videos someone is getting
dirty Roy had a swirly oh yeah again hey
I gave him a swirly there again with
some buddies were looking for yeah
so we're done we wrap we gotta wrap over
time with the video double the video
video video video video West you alright
sappy a joke you start cleaning up uh
yeah thank you thanks Joe that's gonna
be great
yeah alright
