so for the video we need a bottle to be
smashed on the head but we can't use
like a regular bottle because it's gonna
hurt so the best way to do that is to
remove the bottom so you can just match
the side so it won't hurt at all so what
we have here is a root beer bottle we
got this and you gotta fill the water up
to here about like an inch you got a
hole like this and use this flush part
of your hand and smack it out and the
air pressure will bring the bottom out
so kind of like this alright my hand sir
I'll try again later
yeah or about to film the I'm sorry
video he's gonna step on a banana okay
alright so right now we're doing the
scene where we mess up the kitchen it's
like an optical illusion all you saw in
my hand was about an ice cream actually
no that's just how we keep our floors
and then he just dropped iced by the way
guys if you haven't noticed we have a
new couch here yeah we all built this
together and then we also have a camera
gear holder thingy that's pretty dope
and then we also have a big mirror that
just looks super cool as I said you want
to make sure you look good before you
step up he's smelly dude Dennis this is
the perks of being messy you gotta clean
up but then oh yeah where did I say it's
okay
life's messy I'm sorry
I'm sorry no I'm I'm sorry look sorry I
am I am sorry sorry me I am this
conversation well we got these new LED
lights and some of the LEDs in there
flicker they were fresh at a rate that's
not good and you can see the flickering
on the camera so we might have to do
some takes over no no no no if it wasn't
for me yelling at you in the first place
we wouldn't be arguing okay well if I
decided to go out all these leaves sorry
well if you didn't good morning then we
wouldn't have to go back to it huh I'm
sorry go eat your zebra rest in peace
push harder yeah push down harder hold
on
on yourself oh you can oh my gosh
I thought you look super clean its
quickest way to get clean
I got toilet water in my head do you
want to touch my hair you wait we're not
done yet
we ought to clean this cons are bad yes
yes so uh bye bye guys are cleaning up
