we have a special guest Mikey bolts you
want to see who it is or you want to be
a surprise oh it's like it's a surprise
oh they're gonna see in the video
you know setting up the shot setting up
the lights making it look fresh for you
our night so what's the first shot
you're setting up for today yeah we call
this the fridge alex is gonna open the
fridge and probably close it to
hopefully so we're about to shoot the
first shot and we forgot to empty the
milk first out of the day boys yeah it's
not - there's too much shirt rustling in
that tank top can't can't calm that tank
top down so I'm gonna have to calm it
down for it with some duct tape there's
definitely a nipple
yeah so right here this is the milk
gotta get it right in there we're trying
to pretend like it's coming out of the
phone yeah did you drink my milk that's
good and then yeah just your head all
right so we're using a reflector again
it's the first time we just bought it oh
yeah right looks excited to be cheesy
wait thanks so now that we just finished
the downstairs job we're gonna be doing
a Roy scenes instead of playing smash
like we would usually be doing cuz alex
is gonna go get my key bolt so uh yeah
we're big backpack what's that exactly I
don't know not sure but let's just do
this anyways
it is the man himself
help me upright milk in no milk no milk
no gallon challenge milk yeah big chance
no gallon channel again the milk oh snap
filed again man is gonna be on camera
when tables have turned
we're gonna record you then man I love
behind the scenes all of regular scenes
but behind them is great too behind is
they almost better sometimes battery it
kind of okay for Mikey Mikey folks we
already said that what before you got
here cuz you were late so I'm late I'm
always late I can casually just absurd
whoo behind scenes okay we're gonna
catch the milk boy yeah rolling is the
audio roll mono whatever was after
neither one mono 5257
I'm sorry about the puking put some milk
on your chin do
I walked into the woods all alone and I
saw
yeah oh they spit coming out well the
problem is if we throw up on him Mike we
can zoom it so right now we're trying to
plan this one shot one take
ending almost and we have towels on the
ground just to make sure that there is a
splash zone area that is easy to clean
nobody's those things you will know
whatever yes you spot it somehow have
the zoom right over yeah chill out
because we don't want the love to get
wet that's expensive so it's another
video where somebody's getting messy
okay guys I'll give you one chance I'm
gonna count to three from one three
that's it we're not friends anymore hi
guys it's Roy they're disgusting but
ending or should I do like we only got
one day
Roy's allergic enjoy this keep them a
lot in a lot okay it's rolling yeah it's
a rap it's a rap it's a rap then we
gotta get out of here
