what up guys it is a very chilly 50
degrees in Los Angeles California and
and we're shooting a parody outside so
what's going on today it's cold I just
wanna go inside I'm not used to this I'm
from the Sahara Desert so anything cold
related my Bloods will die alright no
blank it's so cold that we have blankets
ready I'm a human I'm a human beatbox so
we're on top of the roof right now
getting itself or Rolanda who is cold
right now so they wanted to have a dance
for this as well so it's I made it a mix
of a Macarena and of the whip combined
with dabbing and a chicken
we've been mainly shooting this way
because Alex's car is over there but you
guys will never ever know the license
plate so guys the difficulty right now
shooting this is that our address is
everywhere on these streets we're trying
to make it so you guys don't know where
we live
tell me why tell me why you gotta be a
judge go down like look at your armpit
like a leopard so tell me why tell me
why you gotta be in turn left left right
right car park we're not even on our
yard guys our driveway we're just
filming on our wonderful neighbors one
because it's evenly lit sure open it big
yeah yeah right
tell me why tell me why you gotta be
address all right so it's still really
cold the second part of this shoot takes
our shoots everyone's freezing all the
fingers pull the corner that's nice Oh
struggling here remember I'm from the
Sahara so you um I can we survive in the
heat only hot rose in my blood because
you're so hot you got my plan so when
Alex and Roy were in South Africa they
were filming at this place it was really
cold and they give them blankets so
that's what we're doing we're giving
them blankets when we're not filming
actually like the same texture and
everything would've that thin - uh yeah
I think it's gonna be it's a rat I'm so
happy we're inside it's so much more as
a rap it's a rap it's a rap run right
gosh I want a sandwich wrap right now
with tomato and cheese and lettuce um
something like bacon and guacamole and
something like that you know it's a holy
moly moly one punch man
