Alex and Kyle are fighting
oh and Rhys fighting with the Wemo sup
but in this corner we have policeman Dan
with the beautiful beard coming in at 6
foot 12 standing at a large 320 20
pounds
pilot and from the stairs coming in with
the low Mac boxing gloves hair so smooth
you think it was a baby's bit but on his
head the lines for days the nose sharper
than diamond Alex ready ready ok bye
Eddie do that one more time one more
time
oh god mess of the gumbo again Oh
find the scenes you know everyone needs
the script on their phone so we can do a
table read we're gonna do a table here
to the script so that way we know how
about and if we have any ideas while
we're reading it we can always put it on
the spot on the script so this is called
table reading I need to find a charger
before it reaches Gilbert don't say that
word will is omitted seriously well are
you crazy cuando three seven years
exceptions so today we're gonna try a
new filming technique we're gonna have
three cameras rolling at once you see
what we're gonna be using is this nice
long tripod it runs about six feet high
$30 at your nearest Best Buy and we're
gonna use this camera any camera will do
and then you know we just have all say
our lines at the same time so it just
feels more real more from the heart if
you will well so you guys three cameras
going on so this poses a problem because
the cameras to each other when we do
these shots so what are you really close
as well as the lights you can see in the
shot in some camera so we have to you
know to move a little bit see what works
best with the setup that's what we're
doing right now and apparently there's a
ghost upstairs so no it does not do they
go sit out like these are are you pretty
good no I don't know maybe
yay I died now we can do behind the
scenes again what happens when you watch
too much martial art movies you become a
couch martial artist oh hey my group is
calling me tell her I said hi hey hey
hey oh boy oh boy
please buy a lot yeah all right oh look
how cute he is Oh perfect beautiful now
put it in your mouth
do you fart these no popcorn so we play
this game where if you fart you ask can
you smell popcorn because basically when
you ask somebody that usually the first
thing you do is try some popcorn right
and then they smell your fuck you're the
only one that plays that game you're a
liar story everybody believed this game
everybody will will
yo yo you thing anybody no balls in it
yes Herr Hauptmann
oh absolutely when you do this your
value boom don't do it don't do it don't
do it do it right
you put my buzzer what you guys are
doing a thing thanks for the invite
cause what you guys are doing a thing
actually invite
we some popcorn I'm melting chocolate so
they can put it all over myself look
uncle chocolate addict so here we go oh
good oh god he did it I lied enjoy your
face bro he's driving how amazing which
I look like turn the thing around it
hello get out of here is I see that have
you seen my candy mm-hmm really I did it
go she ate it
we'll start now so the rap it's a rap
dude it's that is too bad check us out
do you smoke oh we go take a shower now
naked ah when I was little I used to do
this because it was funny me my brother
used to laugh a lot I'm like it's like a
real player that was the missionary all
right okay so the responsibility has
fallen on me to end the vlog video so
here goes just give me a few minutes
please
