so Kyle what's going on today well first
I'm going to try and finish this bottle
of water and then after that I think I'm
going to start a new bottle
find the scenes you and then 50 psych
where I'm going to disprove this theory
one for the whole day that is not
happening
hahaha here shooters so I had to take
the collage down of he and his cute
girlfriend where I'm gonna show them is
where is it would you put it would you
look it up
um Oh cute see you guys just are going
out on six 22:13 yeah bruh nice so
they're having trouble putting the nails
in right now I guess you can say they
aren't nailing it
behind the season yeah we chilling here
behind the scenes McHale will while you
know what I means I will be me mugging
on the streets I'll be making it rain
jellybeans I would love to be there when
you're ready to jellybeans man
Oh eat that you want to like rise up
into the frame
yeah yeah I do it do that I do all right
why are you having fun everybody
don't step on the word in second oh oh
why are you laughing - fuck you will you
let me do that my love you know that I
did it I was like look I really like
with my mouth was like why is he
laughing so hard
we'll ate a fart oh man
bro good yeah I hope like okay P okay oh
that's accident then you know you wanna
come in to us again I will do you wake
up with a they leaned into my so rap on
the room now we're gonna do the scene of
Kyle doing Pilates and then we're gonna
head out and do the alleyways I always
knew one day I'd have to do Pilates
after I eat Jenna Mindy and this is the
third one 4:03 Danforth Oh Kyle said
this is only tank top straight-up
advertising his YouTube channel I mean
it I'm gonna be in an angle where you
can't even see it anyway so yeah come on
man don't worry what is that by the way
yeah oh this bracelet ooh
now where's it wins this mean what is
Casey and G a TV plug plug
you look like you're about to enter a
Tekken fight oh really
yeah do it everybody loves eddy gordo
eddy gordo sorry we were laughing it's
okay you could have joined your life
hunker I do enjoy it work okay that's
the motto man I kind of wanna do a scene
where like if you guys are in a video
randomly and meaner or like oh that's
more than calm and then it cuts to you
guys didn't know that we went to you and
then you're just a totally attacked oh
and some ladies like and it was like oh
the guys like boom so you guys think
about working outside it's like you
never know if cars are gonna come in or
if you know someone just gonna come and
punch you in the face like this dude did
you positive face or something did I or
did you punch it
no I kicked you in the face whoa how
come your foot looks like your face stop
what I'm wearing
fight well around it go up like a pretty
dress
man pilgrims had horrible fashion
seriously they were like all focusing on
battling disease and had no time for
style and guess uh they didn't know how
to buckle down in the fashion of my day
so it looked like we just wrapped the
naked shot people were giving us weird
looks on the street so just shoot an
outro now setting up the lights and such
before yeah that's a wrap not around
super little wrap to wrap it to wrap
pizza
it's a wrap ever ever at era are you're
out all right
a regular at the Holly way and people
were like today these people are weird
today
