all right Roy what's your most memorable
Valentine's Day ever I don't believe it
find the scenes in college is knows it's
good guys yeah every time to touch it
makes my eyes water so you can't dig
your nose in no I can't I should use
certain tools o'clock to have them
really big beards like that though come
on get it off haha oh yes this teaser
a great thing go for it scene
yo I farted so much last night I know
but if it happens in the circus rolling
oh yeah you take too hard I told you God
I Garrity what are you doing here right
in the face we can take you Subdudes so
uh for some reason I get stopped a lot
so about to get stopped again
oh yes oh I'm slapping you huh why cuz
I'm gonna be your I'm not a dark easy I
think wait I'm pretty dull my darker
than you think I caused it
okay God the darkest but if you add the
pigment from my wristband ah do you
think that is a yugioh thing earth wind
fire marked with all that powers
combined we are Pokemon you practising
open and I'll just go fingertips closed
fist closed yeah yeah hey this is a
weird little scene going alright now we
got an officer pretend to be cameraman
and a plantable man pretending to be a
flat man and a Roy the trying to be
captain man yeah ten contenders okay
rolling man slap shit five more that's
it that's a good flat though usually
people are nervous when they first hit
the flat fun of us guys comment down
below if you want a chance to be able to
clean up wasabi headquarters
and suddenly Rolando's it does hi sorry
I was late um there is traffic and I
don't know I don't know if someone hit a
cat or something but right here we have
carrots with my favorite object in the
world
Richard's gonna give it to me at 8:00
huh
just gonna give me this I'm allergic to
bees but I love these fact now we have
Richard
you throw we have our two stars here
hi we're in the set of the scene oh oh
sorry I mean it you okay oh wow in
reality
Roy's allergic to carrots but good thing
this isn't Rory yeah Roy told me he's
allergic carrots so I'm like that's a
perfect thing for me to be allergic or
not allergic but to love because it's
like the opposite okay so Richard how
you gonna do this huh okay Richard make
sure you don't cut my skin okay her
that's the one thing I want you not to
do her her honestly I'd rather get this
west using clippers is regular on you
characters or pattern so I'll help make
this makeshift background with Alex's
bed sheets and we hope alex is okay with
this she's not here
every time we shoot with you guys boy
house is run away now especially Alex
runs right me Richard chap don't move
hi legal up now oh good let's take a
look so much don't do that Richard have
to go so much no that's so different
show the difference so the beauty is
okay this is my left armpit and this is
my right armpit which is the better
armpit this arm bit
yo where's where's Alex are they're
still not here no no they said they'll
be back in like an hour it's been ten so
we're just gonna end up behind the
scenes here so let's go how you feelin
Richard how did that taste feel I'm
gonna take a shower because this
oiliness is good but it's not good
forever so if you want to see more by
the scenes we have it every time all
right okay okay I'll see you actually
you'll see me you very very random you
come to my house every time so what
happened over
Arthur
