welcome to our so we get the photos you
get we also have a very special friend
of this one introduce yourself Eric
white and the man in charge this has
being a good-looking man what else do
you do what else I do I work at the
collective happens generally next level
guys this is Megan Megan is the
photographer for today right yeah what
do you what are you doing what's your
idea where's the concept behind this
they are their Tigers mostly mostly
Tigers he right now is elephant there's
a worse elephant
so we what are we doing now guys and
we're going to the biatch what I said I
said
shirtless man Donna just shirts match
John Anna
sure let's Alex donut alright so we're
here Venice Beach right yes sir
Venice Beach you Venice beaut if I hit
that tree right there in front of me Oh
Sean okay
I will get in the ocean soaked yeah okay
but if you miss you have to lick the
sand okay Oh God
so will disagreed if he misses then he
likes the sand yeah make it right again
no loser really sandy whoo getting oiled
up
look at that another photoshoot sex
appeal right there
so they're pretending like Roy is
running out for a pass right now
so rice running in place just kicking
sand up
what's magic are between all the Little
Mermaid's come out of the ocean to play
pattycake and the gear in the right time
they might let you play worse exhalation
it's the perfect time to take pictures
or shoot vlogs got it through the hour
before sunset and everything that my bad
ads do that huh it's where the Sun meets
the earth and we all become one in the
universe so if you guys want a hundred
likes on Instagram real quick Matt
Zoller oh damn yeah I don't know what
happened uh there's
Coolidge came out of nowhere I started
powdering us and we were walking on the
beach and we tripped and fell into a
rainbow again every time I hate when
that happens and the frickin unicorn
started crying on us yeah dude yes
and then I skittles and then this
happens did you throw it on your belt
yes and so what's gonna happen now then
all right now we're done hey guys thanks
for watching the video this is a photo
shoot
yes first bottle shoots in the world
ever in the universe in the earth and
that Jupiter Jupiter boy Jupiter guys
till next time oh if you want to see our
other behind the scenes where are they
going
just click somewhere around ever
