perceptive
hey guys welcome to another episode of
what's a black woo today we're doing the
speedy challenge this is how it works
we're gonna do a movement for one minute
we're gonna make up some moves for each
other okay and then we're going to do
moves together in the end and we're
gonna speed up twice the speed so it
looks funny we don't know what it looks
like
I'm gonna look we're gonna find out if
you're you awesome what is production so
you go first
I always go first wait what is it what I
do I want you to pretend like to let you
just ate you're very very spicy pepper
and at the same time you gotta use the
bathroom
and at the same time you gotta puke okay
it was good huh you're very that look
very like you were entertained for like
one minute in China I tiger chasing you
is closed room and you also have a
monkey biting your neck Oh what he's
hanging on okay hiring a butterfly just
gave birth to you so you are in an egg
okay and you within the minute go
through your whole life cycle as a
butterfly starting from the egg ready
set go
here at home with your fiance hmm and
then all of a sudden you hear gunshot so
and everything goes dark
oh no and this people take your wife oh
and you have to end them I don't have a
wife I'm a fiancee yeah your future wife
okay here we go
and oh yeah
now what oh gosh we're gonna do two
scenes okay together mm-hmm
are you thinking one I think one would
be combined it okay how are you say
we're gonna say where you say we're a
sir right okay Mufasa was in our house
with scar and Nala and Simba and they
okay and bake all stole our underwear
because they didn't know where it was so
they ate all our potatoes so we got so
sad and ate all our carrots
okay so Mufasa on them came and still
their underwear huh and then they got
mad ate our potatoes yeah so we ended up
eating our Cameron it's always yeah all
right okay
ha I'm dizzy ha ha
whoa oh you guys fun this is a lot worka
alright this next scene we were walking
down the street and then we saw Elsa and
Olaf and they were chasing us because we
stole Olaf's not but and they had the
seven dwarves with them and Pinocchio a
giant flaming Pinocchio now and then all
of a sudden Rapunzel
saved us with her hair
alright that was a very very tiring
challenge but it was fun so you guys
like this
stay tuned every Monday friends for more
wasabi bags I'm gonna butterfly out of
here oh I'm gonna Olaf's butt out of
here
