are you one minute bird oh yeah oh yeah
I got one and in the best of all you can
guy that whatever okay
you
we're on set of what is this called Oh
what I got for Christmas what I got for
Christmas should I wrap these or leave
them white guys this shitty wrap them or
leave them white write it in the
comments below he can hear that he's a
bad guy
I had penguins on it it's beautiful
that's Henry it's Jeffrey that's Henry -
that time Jeffery - that Diana
that's Henry three and then in this one
you have polar bears little-known fact
polar bears eat penguins when they're
trying to diet to look good for mating
season because they don't have a lot of
fat and they're really light because
they fly a lot so they can't be heavy so
the polar bears like to eat though
all right that's definitely a lie
because penguins are one of the few
birds that don't fly that's what they
want you to have you ever been to a
North Pole I didn't think so mother
waters altogether the South Pole I don't
want the polar bears to know you guys
must not have any penguin friends you
look super comfortable right now dude
I'm only here for ten minutes and I
gotta leave but everyone's gonna take my
spot so I'm swimming for her to get here
and then I'll just tell her what to do
and I'm gonna go to a meeting
she's in casts some traffic's rawana is
Kyle's favorite person in the world
that's why I hurt Kyle actually want the
dator that's what I heard - I heard you
go Helen how did that go I'm trying to
do the fire right now and guys today we
are working with Frigidaire
happy holidays huh Melania here so long
yeah I know I saw Kylie Jenner and then
I'm like old man I gotta get her
extensions and then I'm like dude what's
your extension number and she's like no
here's my hair so I got her a text and I
generate a mute officials and this is a
Christmas tip when you need a fire face
don't do it ah it's hot so don't do that
I know
melanda I what is your most favorite
Christmas present you ever got um hmm
well I get a lot um my most favorite one
is recently uh I like things simple so I
got a Ferrari yeah uh yeah it's just you
know I wanted something else buying a
Ferrari how about you Richard I got a
sack hey you only have one I'm every
everyone is I get out of here cut I
guess that really soft
hey Kyle yo what's the best Christmas
presents you ever get uh my dignity
Marlon
what's up what's the best Christmas
present you ever got yeah one time got a
razor scooter and I was so happy is like
the best thing ever but now people get
like hoverboards for Razer hoverboards
I'm old don't get old kids get old guys
this is bad
what's up y'all Pat what's your favorite
Christmas gift you ever got
well locates I was a very bad boy
growing up so I didn't get too many
things so when you I got coal so make
sure you're good just one in the tree
house
no go down gonna bring the house oh okay
here hey Rolando can you play anything
No
no no no I like this I like it
for everybody who think that Alex is
Richard he's not I mean look Roland this
year alex is here yeah and then Richard
is here you know like how can you say
that right I don't get it ah ridiculous
ridiculous ridiculous come on guys come
on guys
Roy come on we need you yeah hold on
Roy commuter you're tired I'm so tired
you weren't even doing anything on the
shoot hey last night I was
I didn't sleep it till 5:00 why yeah I
was I was finishing this script I was
tweaking it and every time I was like
about to fall asleep like oh I know I
gotta change that before I felt like a
sleeper I'll forget and so I kept
changing it and then I also wrote a
parody oh we gonna do one on that so
soon
out south he's farted No all right guys
what is that is that are we done I think
yeah we're done it's a nighttime you
know that is it yeah wrap Santa's
waiting for me ain't no Rudolph you know
I got my boy Rudolph with the bread no
oh yeah
all right guys Goldie whoo
