it's gonna be good gonna be good I'll be
good my oh it's gonna be good gonna be
good hello Emma Tommy make me gotta go
poopie
oh my tummy make me gotta go poop here
we go
orange soda Mountain Dew psych that's
not sponsored Oh Duke of the mountain
that's how we go ha ha ha go
the scenes you today we're gonna be
drinking boiled soda Oh redo the side
again thank you today we're gonna be
drinking boiled soda and the mystery is
what brand is this the first video of
the year you have any New Year's
resolutions um you know do me do me my
New Year's resolution is to always be
well bathed mine is to floss every day
really yes
my New Year's resolution is to look more
Hawaiian every day so I'm wearing the
pineapple shirts and not be lazy that's
too hard
yeah : how's that the cook one uh as if
you could see in it Roy did a lot better
than I did because really just he does
he has the motivation to drink boiled
soda the name of severe gag reflex oh
well yeah yes yeah what's the first one
hmm and you will see you let me thank
you it this is just cute yeah yeah you
cute very cute I love you take the
baldies it takes about like 45 to an
hour minutes yeah on low medium high
heat what you can't hide what can't you
just put on the burns it burns the sugar
you want it to sautee the soda so this
sugar doesn't like burn you went to show
the cooking school for this yeah yeah
yeah now we the coke one we cooked it
like three times burnt them all we're
gonna do again and again it took like
six hours shoot just to boil one finger
soda so hopefully this won't be the same
so while we're cooking the soda and such
we're gonna do really what do I do
what are we gonna do we're gonna place
me we made it guys we made it
oh damn we're gonna pick another uh-huh
things we do to kill time waiting for
boiled soda to boil the a45 whoo
Community Chest
get your free oh come and guys if you
guys want to be like a male time with
wasabi you should comment down below and
see if you see if you guys are actually
do that I never build amazing
no but seriously comment down below but
you're gonna do stuff like that
it'd be super fun and throwing it oh my
god double dose 1 2 3 4 oh let me get
that tan eyesight
hey nice on that's nice I I was driving
to my side once and then and it started
to rain
cat and smaller cat why some of them we
don't know risk of stepping in a widow
there is no risk
yeah so right now is pretty low on that
cash right here you can see I need six
look I need this vehicle so get all this
we play the free parking land up about
your money can you do it you
Oh
my
that's that's ridiculous I think we
burnt it looks great yeah it's good
you're right all right now we eat it hon
boom it wasn't clear - what - like neon
we haven't graded pee a little bit
actually we fished out the pants
kana I peed in it and I yeah high-five
her NASA I'll rap piso de peixe soda oh
god no open open up it huh three look at
my shirt - one alright okay show the
camera hurry
don't put it my business uh-huh all
right hurry I would like to try it oh oh
oh God
don't let it yeah yeah we need you to
make sure never to put in the back of
your throat
yeah write it up into it hmm yeah it
hardens up all the way so that's how you
die you don't want that I thought I'm
good right away sir
