it's called base and Frank that 137th
meets first game which I can't wait no I
can't wait for your out of your your
viewers to watch us by now what are your
thoughts on this calf she can't wait to
see Alex give me robbed you know
do you want to punch him I'm Matty
didn't ask me first to be honest I might
just do it anyway
okay wait you ready for drive so what he
is gonna do to practice for the black I
seen my body music I meet him at his
place we're gonna go in the studio as
boxer she we're gonna go through some
practices on the back okay how hard a
minute where any to aim we will draw
face up or something yes they're gonna
show me because I want to make sure it's
a one hit yeah he goes hey will you
punch me in the face for a prank yeah
right here this is the alleyway that the
van is gonna be going through or
something or they're gonna chase we
don't exactly know yet of course kind of
checking out the spots
right
this is the aftermath of my party we're
going to
you know he's got a window
they just cleared out like yeah get it
good break this one well it's this one
like this I think you should just do it
like this like these are all offices and
my people without these members a lot
that when that seat is really warm that
window tint it's a film leave this like
that yeah did I tell you the swings they
got do it
nobody believed this
