subdue me guys welcome to another
episode like ah today we have a special
guest we have Dennis Roady
what we doing today dude today we're
doing a challenge that my brother did on
his channel and he said to make a
response video so we're gonna make a
response video reply ok it's called
break my egg challenge you got the eggs
right y'all this is what you do you take
an egg you put it at the bottom don't
put it in your palm put it at the bottom
and you put your fingers over top like
that it's a lot of space and then you
squeeze it hard I'm not gonna squeeze it
ok
I'm Dennis ah ok I'm demonstrating and
then you just have to squeeze as hard as
you can and see you can break you first
first hated you're all the faces on it
we got our faces on don't try to squeeze
it
don't try to squeeze it here I'm gonna
hold it over your head don't do it
though don't squeeze it at all
he doesn't he thinks he can break up so
he's gonna try that looks just like you
did you're good ok as perfect you see
that like in my head they were both like
the same shape okay this is good now
this is the second part you have to have
an egg publish oh yeah so I'm chillin in
my room and you guys come over and do
you mind if I roll through hi I'm here
for you
yo I know and tell you that I landed ah
ha no no no ok let's do this yeah about
- oh nothing see this creature let me
kick you out it doesn't okay on the
ground channel my channel and yeah thank
you so you put it in the
see they like words right there hold it
you put it at the very edge of your palm
with this yes and then yeah so again
here in the toy your fingers over it all
your fingers and then you got an orb of
like that no it has to be like as low as
you can with your finger still on it I
guess so you have all this space like a
lot of space and now you have to try to
break that you know this is gonna break
wait okay wait wait wait
try the same time or try it I'm usually
doing over my head yeah okay go ahead
right foot my ready to oh oh you can't
do okay go cute oh I think I can wait I
got your mother I think I can do it oh
okay oh I forgot I'm right-handed
okay Hey yep I need you guys good good
yeah that's good see that's perfect go
overhead go ha ha ha I am Eglin my gosh
this is not working at all this is this
is sorcery huh I think I can do it if I
tried my hardest can't write can't do it
good ok you ready is this good okay
that's perfect oh oh oh you know broken
it work you guys do you the only Oh
doesn't work at the neighbors I swear
yeah Oprah neighbors it's okay what's it
gonna be slightly quieter sorry neighbor
sorry okay here this is another way to
try it
like this this in your eye yeah I know
this okay good salmonella G and then go
squeeze my skin oh my god this is like
your comfortable I can't one how does a
scrap of the show like in the Oh
oh my god it's at Sephora oh yeah
alright now we got a home or a second
that was fun but now we're gonna make
our eggs there you go see we're not
wasting for you guys here here's some my
hair okay we're ho this is me sick okay
Giggsy breakfast free pizza crazy
dude this is good for my hair my hair
grow I know yes
and if I wake up tomorrow full head of
hair now so we've learned that why use
never start going to Ashley that you
know as mushrooms really my baby picture
and my son's new picture match I really
owe it all here go down here yeah I
really got back my hair my hair migrated
self mine's opposite because I was born
with a beard and then is circling oh I
hope you liked this video this was happy
vlog Chuck in um either Monday or Friday
for a new video every
and enables happy Wednesday every
Wednesday you know also feel free for
you to try it you know let us know if
you did it or not yeah yeah break some
eggs
it tells for everybody if you do do it
then upload the video show everybody how
strong Oh seriously okay bye
you
