now you're talking about yeah okay good
find the scenes you know hey guys um
it is currently 6:30 a.m. in the morning
and we're about to shoot um we have to
go to the store real quick get some
props and all right let's do it okay
yeah so this is the last video we're
filming as a crew until December 80
because we have to go out of town we got
playlists in New York and then we got
family time and then I have my GF have a
and then we I come and then we come back
here
back to work back to work yeah I rap and
then Christmas break and then we take
another break yeah oh yo so what we need
today is a Christmas tree Christmas
lights gingerbread house and everything
nice they're like awesome regular lights
okay gingerbread I want to put a
gingerbread house in my face okay we're
gonna crash it on your face okay we'll
see probably and oh that's a Hedwig wait
you should get the decapitated dachshund
dude hey doggie are you doing good dog
sit good so much candy this guy loves
candy
I love candy so good
look at all this candy oh I can't be
here right now we got to go we got to go
I'm gonna buy all this candy yeah let's
go let's get out get him out of here
oh you guys will be Rolanda today oh
yeah oh I'm looking at the wrong side
hey guys so now we got our special guest
here nice to meet you I'm the receipt
here before I watch your name oh my name
is will
I will you're looking great this guy
don't we don't need to talk I'm just
gonna film great oh it's kind of red
looks like blood but it's not hi this is
behind the scenes I'm aligned at I'm
teaching you how to do makeup make sure
you do this makeup because it's perfect
don't listen to all those beauty gurus
on YouTube or all of this other
entertainment business I am the beauty
guru
I am entertainment I am perfection
listen to me giving fun Rolanda yes we
had any uh boyfriends lately oh you know
why are you asking me that question um
maybe some of the viewers want to go out
with you they want to know what Roland
is like first of all I don't mess with
my viewers I mess with
hi my name is Yolanda it's that time of
year again weather cold snow
coffee tea reindeers Santa Claus sexy
people scarves
oh sorry now we are filming with a
Rolanda hey woman but ruin Alex are here
I think they're running errands right
now um they had to get more like makeup
and stuff right I don't know why because
I mean she's just a beauty thank you
you're so beautiful
oh thank you no salad what he thinks the
best way to get with Yolanda
um don't she's gross and she is rich but
she smelled like
gross I heard that Overland uh you and
your super-hearing oh do it alright I'm
the only pretty one here okay after that
came on ozone I see this is uh so we got
Richard special guest with us wrapped up
it was pretty funny because he can't
bend his legs or see where he's going
so Kyle and myself did a quick trust
fall do you trust us now Richard you
just this uh-huh
super tough sell what is your favorite
Christmas gift you have ever received uh
mine I believe it was two years ago I
received a car
Oh virus and Miranda came into my red
okay shop that is not true you you came
into my life
no no but you guys did that's not even a
real beautiful you're my favorite
Christmas gift now let me get out of
here okay rolling
hi everyone thanks for watching the
behind the scenes video off your large
actors you like it I'm like it everyone
keep posting more because you like well
you like this video the world ey disease
oh oh
all right this is happy holiday hey I
have to go oh hi I'm Rolanda since
Richard is gone you want to view a
Halloween the Halloween hi I'm Rolanda
since Richards gun you want to be my
Christmas date
oh my god yeah I'm going I'm going
