what's up dudes
hey guys hi today we're gonna do another
rap battle - we got lazy Ryan here we're
about to ever ever ever ever by the way
by the way my name is Chad if you guys
are ready ya lazy lazy lazy and don't
fret sports kill it and if you haven't
seen the first rap battle it's right
here click it see where these names came
you can see how bad we were and how much
better we haven't gotten no right now we
have all these topics right here so each
time a person goes we have to rap about
that specific topic written on this
paper so yes I already have one so do it
yeah oh yeah
my name is Chad you can call me because
I'm freaking rad but it's alright I got
a rap about something really nasty
tell me about it is really nasty dough
dang belly button lint
hahahahaha I wanna put that in my mouth
oh I want to swallow that to my stomach
because going through our testings you
got a booty oh hey belly button lint
dough
I don't even know what the color is a
little bit white is it green it's a
brown I don't know
No well yeah you go get tested it lazy
lazy lazy alright it's been a while
since I've had any rapping bubbly we got
alright alright here we go here we go
here we go here we go okay that's it I'm
about to rap about hunting I really
really do I don't know anything about
guns or boom I don't really know how
that I know they go after animals and
then they eat their stuff I don't really
know how to hunt and I really don't want
to do it either
I can't but I like playing video games
where you shoot things you'll get fun
girl fight it offensive ugh oh alright
alright
my brother don't forget it gonna go real
hard in that course
Go Go okay let me see what i'ma talk
about talk about about talking about
s'mores s'mores how to talk about
smuggled out more give me more
oh okay we chillin by the fire we've got
the graham cracker and we gonna get like
more chocolate and marshmallow soup and
put it together and be like yum yum and
put it in my tummy gonna be so yummy
yummy bring me that kid I had on like no
Tony Oh like yo let me get it to go I'm
like no just cuz you my bro you can get
to what gets zero oh I am sorry I'm not
a hero
I like s'mores yum-yum mix go right okay
that was the worm alright new song we
are walking we're all warmed up okay so
this is the real show
is round two Rosco about to pick my baby
run it the pick my ward read it Oh
I said oh yeah retelling going through
the Black Friday I'm shopping
oh I'm freaking broke gotta spend our
money
oh man I'm broke dis ha ha ha walking
with my shopping cart
what am i back to bus Dan that TVs cool
whoa should I find a thing do come by
that TV show now 125 - Super Target Oh
40 inches Timmy
dang plasma HDMI walk retail stores up
air pops no I don't know if I can say
that but it's alright it's sponsored
last tag it's ok it's alright
got a drop about retail in alright go
it's my Friday
ok get it I'll bye buddy
all right lazy lazy lazy go about to
about to rap about masculinity mask
emasculated regularity masking
masculinity masculinity masculinity I
think I'm really kind of big he is - boo
boo boo I can't rap about masculinity
because it's really a long word are you
so much Kela do I think I know how it's
an m8 and see you something I don't know
nope I don't know milk but ends ability
I don't know no no it pass it off to my
brother real strong his name is dope
fresh skillet oh oh now let me pick my
topping yeah I'm gonna have to go
I'm rap about rap bout about ready
princesses fire way
this okay it's cool I like it gonna be
hard but I got fairy princess fairy
princesses baby chillin and they'd be
like what it is they be like trying to
come into my palace I'm like no man I
don't want to die yo yo you're a fairy
and you princess too
and they'd be like so hard okay alright
I'll ask around faster how many more we
got four so all half of this four so one
of the okay one of us gets one and the
last one we all have to rap about it all
together all together all right
last round let's do this how about you
start I keep starting I say me but no
skill astern now you're the guest you're
the guest yes starts you're angry you
know what it works you know what green
stands for Dido let her go leprechauns
really I guess I'll rap about Taylor
Swift's red lipstick I don't even know
why she wears it Taylor's was really
pretty and I wouldn't mind talking to
her but you know red lipstick is cool
but sometimes I think of clowns because
it wear it too right he'll I don't like
going to the circus ah ah no clown scary
boom but I wouldn't mind red lipstick
don't think I can wear it but I'll
Kaiser but my brother is gonna go don't
put your look let it flow alright got
that loose you got that bitch got that
rice oh look at that
and it tastes so nice I'd be like wait
up when my food at he'd be like hold on
I'm about to get it from a bad light let
me get it now he's I want soy sauce
right now huh
hmm put it in my belly he's like oh okay
here I go
it's so good thank you tell the chef he
did really good on the foot in the hood
no okay
pass it to weren't gonna take it away
Ches okay okay
my name is Chad brown I'll get it right
oh please help skill not trying to fight
I'll be my daddy
not the rap my verse okay all right
uh-huh you see that it's allergies go
away
these dogs are here oh my god I got
allergies my mom knows I got dog hair in
my nose whole buncha stuff in my nose
the cup of my nose hair is nose no
that's called sneezing I hope you know
that but it's alright let me rewind a
little bit mmm yo I sneeze
cuz I'm happy but it's okay you know
it's impossible to sneeze with your eyes
open don't even try
I'm not even rapping I'm even talking to
you right now so please listen to me
I'm not a Robin not now but that's why I
rap better listen to me cuz you shoot
okay
achoo achoo achoo this is a hard topic
please forgive me oh please I have the
allergies okay
last round a video this is the last
topic we have to rap about it you know
Oh God uh I guess I could start to
solace ah end it with a bang guys the
game is all right let's have it for once
huh yeah it got me with the hair whoo
whoo I'm a pop star be fair oh just a
beat bear looking at mink day every day
why you being such a baby
oh yeah y'all man never going to let you
go I think I got the song man wrong but
it's ok ha ha like I say Melrose
Oh ha ha I go beaver all right Justin be
but I don't know much about I know that
he sings and girls think he's very
pretty
I don't know anything that he says not
even sure what he looks like or I can
dance and sing Justin Bieber Bieber
Bieber Bieber okay Meg okay all right do
it what Stevie
so the topic was about Bieber Bieber
fever but I'm a ticket over to direction
and affection go
you got Harry and Liam and that other
dude and that other dude
oh and the other toes there's five
Justin is one he's no fun he's one and
done mom yeah yeah yeah um okay um go
freestyle get a little bit oh here we go
okay anything haha yeah day what time is
it I don't even know dang Erin day what
you wearing you stay oh oh gotta what's
you're wearing so cool
dang you crave like a whole huge looking
kind of fat I'm just kidding dude that's
just a bird up in the high Oh sky rhymes
little better rap in it okay next
alright I'll go in I'm number two you is
one and you can come too hey let me
think I think what talk about let me
talk about
okay so II say a word say word
um clothes clothes a lot of those I got
tanks and I got socks tow boat I got
pants wet shorts got capris wait no I
don't that's for girls you see other
stuff till I got hats and I got
sunglasses on my face sometimes about
the pista I don't know what I'll say but
I have all my friends in this room today
they got Stephanie got granny got
Tiffany what got Bryan Jeff Ben yeah you
know what's up look and we chillin naked
videos all day
got a rap rap rap and you know you wanna
play hey I'm about to end a video real
real quick thanks for watching see you
later man I can feel anything else okay
all right thanks for watching thank you
for watching bye all right done
