what's up dudes
hey guys welcome to another episode of
today we have a special guest we have
lady Ron how you doing today oh so
excited see these guys been forever how
was your day
basically wait before you tell that
story here's the challenge we have a
shirt some ways I put it on the other
two are going to be one arm each and
we're gonna tell part of a story then
we're going to switch and then another
part of the story then we're going to
switch and another part of the story
you'll understand in a second let's do
it
diplomats on the mountain
yeah keep going down we're coming in
this isn't gonna work
yeah well if I'm on fire so did I did
yeah and then are you wanted yeah okay
go with it oh wait I want to take my
shirt off I don't know I don't know why
I thought I call me a the service it
leaves you're right
okay hang it going first you don't know
your head and just just go get your arm
out
okay okay I'll befriend hahaha okay okay
I'll get skinny okay ready
I don't know I can feel me I can make
happen good do it I'm going to get up
what's up so today I woke up and I
decided to start hitting muscle you know
when I get ready the bathroom I like
never celebrate hard of multiple tau and
okay we all set - and then I got hungry
I got really really really really hungry
I went downstairs and I decided to make
some scrambled eggs and some bacon is
some toast and while I was making it the
egg just wit I don't know where they
gonna just disappear I thought what am I
thinking I don't know where it with it's
okay okay how do we switch you say one
and then you go in hey we're in there
with you okay okay you go first Roy
Aaron someone's not gonna fit that I did
you ready go oh good I guess
and then something miraculous happened
sighs outside and then something
miraculous happened and then something
right I told a story I went outside and
there was a mystical dragon
yeah and he was so big I'm sure - coming
up my little skinny so I went to the
dryer I said dragon what are you doing
here and then let's between right here
and my switch again I'm foolish you're
dying oh my gosh stupid and then the
jacket was like excuse me sir have you
seen the way to the mystical jungle and
all of a sudden I thought and pondered
for a second I was like what am I gonna
do so I called up my friend I was like
hello hello
okay have two phones in my face but it's
okay
hello mr. bone okay okay oh the phone's
getting to my mouth but it's fine as I
hope okay all right let's get it okay I
guess I could talk in my ear - hello
all right I said to my friend um yo help
me out there's a dragon okay bye so I
hung up and I was like dude how am I
gonna fight the dragon the dragon was
like fired me so I was like all right
come on fight yeah okay and then and
then and then I was like you know what
I'm sure dragons really like it when you
feed them fruit so I went home and I got
a bunch of I mean I grabbed the yogurt
and I was like I'm gonna feed this to
the dragon now I'm gonna make you my
friend and then we'll just fly together
and real hair I'm sure that we're gonna
fly all around the world and then we
okay with a poop mess up in the air I'm
gonna miss these describe myself
inappropriately like dragon oh and then
the dragon was like hey what are you
doing we need to have a rap battle and I
was like a word and the drag was like
you got this go and I was like okay then
oh and I was like yo dragon what it is
what a beat
he's like yo is you men it's your name
wasabi and I'm like yeah I got a Keith
body and I got two hours one's darker
than my left one ha ha and then I was
like yo by up coming out your mouth and
he was like brah and I was like watch
out hey and then I was screaming I was
like oh and I'm meditating it was like I
gotta meditate for one second for me to
defeat you so after I meditated I walked
over to this strong mighty dragon and I
was like sir I'm gonna slap you in the
face yeah yeah yeah oh and I poked him
in the belly button yeah did that belly
button dragon Oh God not my bag with the
history of now oh oh I didn't put myself
in the belly button and then we saved
the magical princess now we never knew
who needed saving as I'm flying flying
and then I realized I have three heads
and I became a monster
and then the whole town hated us ah but
eventually I started speaking English ah
why do you hate us
no and then eventually the town forgave
us oh thank you everybody you in
disguise I love you I love you I love
you and we in the history of the
histories were known as the three-headed
monsters that love everybody and save
them l love you too the and my neck hurt
you hurt him again but is my way okay we
hope you enjoyed this story goes so hot
in this shirt
yup feel free to try it with your
friends it's super extremely fun okay
Wow I'm sweating so much
you
