all right so day 30 we are here we are
about to do an interview and we got blue
chairs
we have blue chairs right here we have
the holster right here so hey man
dude 30 days they need us to three you
guys 30 more days 30 more days that we
thought was a throw your baby oh yeah
you look cute pull up go go go go okay
that's two you're done that's good
okay sixty-day you do you think okay
Devon are you gonna go anyway today I
mean I did something Chin's just one too
nice to say see what the other person
and our max 30 group is doing this up
we're saying hi this is max 30 group
you're a part of it so you got away huh
no way so if I'm looking at the screen
yeah I'm not looking at you so I look at
the camera so it's not like oh I see hey
guys what's up hey Lou tennis hard up
he's the prankster of the group all
right a serious three two three happy
phase one two three that's not I still a
started meeting what that meeting trying
on new also my teacher subdued oh yeah
hey guys I'm Roy wasabi and I'm Alex
wasabi and together we make wasabi
productions it's been 30 days 30 days 30
days we've been working out a beachbody
insanity max 30 for 30 days and the
results are amazing so far so what will
have you lost right now I lost 3 pounds
but I was already skinny and I lost 4
inches like all of it but I do so for me
I've lost 10 pounds
oh and 11.25 inches all around Wow I
don't even know I do that it I don't
even know I could lose all the know my
whole life I've just been doing gains
like I started at 7 pounds and 6 inch
the six ounces and then I've just been
going up this whole time and now I'm
trying to go down it's freaking me out
- laughs yeah last time I weighed this
bless is that is that the right gamer
last time I weighed this much less less
yes was probably probably my junior year
in high school
yeah I'm not high school was six years
ago because that prize so after high
school my weight just went Oh stamina
level day one I remember I remember day
one after like I think nine minutes I
just why I started getting dizzy I just
couldn't do it like why my muscles were
like cramping up like help uh my first
day I could do the workout I couldn't do
it all the way through but I could do it
for a pretty long time and now I can do
it longer and it's easier it was it's
not as hard as it was the first day but
right now I remember yesterday I did it
it was also much easier like I could go
through everything like my mind was in
the right place my body was in the right
like shape or you know I was just so
energetic you know Shanti
man yes he's very motivational he's a
very shiny head and like it just makes
me want to be because I think he can
only be bald if you're ripped so once I
get ripped it's coming off so I like how
I
I like how I do the workouts at home and
I would be doing like push-ups and I
look up and it's like staying right on
me like your garters yeah come on count
with me 1 2 3 I'm like Shanti calm down
dude I'm doing my own thing right now
just let me let me be me or like when
you're working out and then you're about
to give up and he's like don't give up
in his life he knows he knows Shantay
yeah you only have 10 seconds left
stay with me it's you and me right now
one two I'm like stop let me do well
well his gay is very motivational yes
okay yeah he pretty years oh I'm sorry
I'm joking yeah he'll be ripped to be
bald yeah you guys are funny like that
you're like oh my god like don't laugh
right now cuz I know that I hear my
voice they're gonna know exactly don't
see I'm just gonna talk to your cuz you
guys know I see a lot of theory though
but is it like so what do you think of
it seriously cuz from you know I know
I'm crazy but I don't know who which one
of you guys is like oh I know when you
come out okay
I know when there's like ten seconds
left and I I do it's like as I do I'm
actually doing it myself right now so
I'm like kind of going through the
process to definitely work through the
process but um yeah so what'd you guys
think of it is it crazy even though it's
only 30 minutes but I've never just like
constantly on going like oh okay even
the brakes your shirt monkeys coming at
you hard like you guys are gone but you
guys seem like you have a lot of energy
so cool I have a question for you guys
thank you guys do you work out together
everyday mostly mostly nice so do you
find yourself like stronger in one area
where you like have to tell him like
come on like you can do it or you guys
like don't talk to me like I'm not in a
movie no usually he slacks off and I
figure out I'm the one motivating him I
go you can't do as much as I can right
legs injuries
ah but it's good to know I think it's
good to know that it's actually getting
easier I'm gonna swim on point it's easy
but you know next month
oh my reaction is hard and if it's hard
for you it's gonna be super hard for us
it's hard for everybody I don't think
like everybody says like I'm gonna make
it the whole 30 minutes but like like in
Friday fight like when I get into the I
think it's just be tats I'm like there's
no way yeah like so even for me like it
just doesn't matter it's it's so hard
and then if we're going as hard as we
can we still can't make it there cuz
then we get stronger but then we go
harder so we still don't make it so and
that's the point you go stronger you the
stronger you get the harder you go the
sooner you max out but it's like here
like now you're like I knew I could make
you pass there and it's more self
motivating Kristin you lost three pounds
yeah you lost him I so funny because I'm
not watching videos I was like not until
they until you guys showed when you were
getting your picture say and I was like
oh yeah cuz you know most people think
that because if because you're thin
they're like oh what do you have to work
out for so it's so good you guys are
doing this cuz you can see like no like
I've lost three pounds I lost inches so
you can get more ripped or even though
that you are you know yeah a thinner guy
you like no like I still have weight to
lose in that you know I can look
better you guys and I hope you feel
better cuz maybe this that's that one of
the most important thing first week I
was like oh man what did I get myself
into
haha so hard it's so rough and then I
didn't expect it to be a full body
workout every single day I thought we'd
like target the legs or target the arms
but every day is a full workout right so
after like the first day my legs are
sore I'll say okay we're down to the
squat day and then next day we're still
doing squats and I was like okay maybe
they're pushing it a little bit and then
third day with more squats another come
on but what I learned in that first
month is like I've been like I've
learned that I'm going 90% my whole life
will be going like 90% but this has
taught me that I can go farther cool
well congratulations
keep up the good work you guys are all
this guy's surprised this really is bad
we had no idea who's here and now he's
here and they move around a lot the
world is right yeah kind of I got
through my workouts hey we're here now
and we did this and now we're still
nervous I'm so little nervous yeah yeah
a lot of times you only 30 days 10
inches so for he's the edge of it yeah
can you shoot him yeah I got it yeah hey
CT is gonna be pretty crazy
hilarious I was finally right yeah
thank you fun revoked group oh nice
