which is called I'm a blanket burrito
eat me I am a burrito I'm a burrito
would you like to eat my burrito
what's a behind-the-scenes you alright
today we are gonna film smack versus
slash basically I'm gonna be snacking
and slapping a textbook sometimes and at
the same time he will be smacked in the
face with a pie like a piece of pie yes
right there yep
you know in case it gets dirty we have
this for precaution so we don't have to
do extra cleaning all we gotta do is
take this to the washer and wash it and
dry it but our only concern is if the
pie gets into the wall there's a wall we
apply so you also think it's us so
another reason this never done anything
else so bad for you I'm sorry about you
today but you have to be good boy it's a
cool Oh be good good boy sorry I'm sorry
we didn't tell you about us but I guess
we should tell you that will happen the
walls pregnant we never know what's
gonna happen
yeah if you come on set with us he'll
just see it's crazy
all day they gettin it we gettin it
everybody gettin it and this together we
got it yes think about it honestly
our average shoots are like three hours
to four hours but if it gets intense it
goes to five hours or it distracted it
goes to six hours and if you take like a
chip break or a lunch break or a massage
break I might take eight hours but
usually it takes around like four hours
yeah on hmm hey Joe funny fool Oh
yeah I can't push myself up for years
I've been day will do that I just can't
get up mrs. Haney more yoga yeah about
it I lost like that I like seeing stars
I really am seeing like a little like
stars this is crazy
you like fire worship I don't think I
can do this hey Jase yeah it's so hard
okay go you got it all right so don't be
hasty yeah ooh your elbows in you body
ain't you something like this yeah there
you go and then just yeah with my legs
up yeah already got balancing hands and
then once you put all your weight on
your elbow and then you can I'm assuming
this is one of the six hour shoot time I
want to try okay yeah I got it go ahead
yeah just don't hit your face now you're
funny
it won't hurt you'll just be like Marley
oh oh you would oh okay just like I was
that anything think about using my leg
power that's all I really use it yeah
okay
because what are you messing with over
there this is my zoom call it a zoom
zoom
you basically just hide it somewhere on
set and it records beautiful sounds that
makes it sound clear pretty much it does
mix sound super clear ah wait so it
allows us to hear their beautiful voices
no you're not just you know they do have
beautiful voices I'm glad you brought
that up
what's the difference between a smack
and a slab are you telling me no one's
ever taught you know I have no hot shot
in Omaha
the guys back in Russia they sent me to
another place and it's nothing to do
that we're using two cameras today so
things go a little quicker oh but it
makes me I'm only one man I can only do
so much
okay you ready is a six-hour shoot hey I
can be able to get out the way this is
okay ready trying to do a push I know I
gotta go I gotta go with my knees though
alright cuz there's no way already
that was hard not these would be that
hard
you helped me rethinking about no okay
I'll just like I felt like it's always
helped me I kinda had to brace myself a
little bit more okay yeah that was a
weird angle for me whew
that's definitely weird okay I mean we
can make it wieder wiesen oh I'm
blanking on ya
pretty much balanced testing between
your legs that's called a thigh gap
girls are jealous I got it I was born of
it whatever you're talking about this
there oh that's uh that's my marker so I
know where to go so I know where to
stand that's under my thigh gap
oh yeah cuz there are certain focus
points and the camera so if you move too
far you're gonna be too blurry but if
you move too close you're gonna be super
blurry and everywhere else is blurry
except above the market point so mom
here soldier good and castle is muy
importante
hola why the protoboard my voice or not
I saw something but it ain't another job
what Oh awesome your wife no no no I
don't hear any more all right call me
later when you clear it I'll call you a
radicchio or I anything to reach it come
you leg when you can hear me okay
I get here hi hello Roy gray I can hear
ya
what's the plexi background oh it's this
cameras in the splash zone so I don't
want to get like whipped cream all over
it I wanted to get all over me that'd be
delicious but not so much on the camera
yeah well yo would anybody like a multi
mens vitamin is a cupcake
no it's multi man section has vitamin B
vitamin C vitamin A and mineral eleven I
want to be healthy
hashtag sponsored here you go senior
thank you oh and for you and for you oh
thank you
and here you go it's perio the vitamin
deep right one more
yeah hey they got that vitamin D and one
one more poor yo that's actually really
JC
yeah let's go
ah oh I apologize broadsheet to your
right a tiny bit wait these puns this is
getting played I think we need real pies
why is it deflated dude it's just
liquefies over time when you let's just
get the real ones
yeah that's wack would you like some ha
ha all right children
dude chill chill all right we're gonna
get some shit so maybe this is a
seminary now to us oh good boy spend an
hour shoot let's go
