hi I'm charlie this is Gordon we are
from Michigan and welcome to wasabi
vlogs what's up dude hey guys today we
are gonna play the questions game yes
this is how you play we're gonna make a
random scenarios and we're gonna reenact
it except we have to answer each other's
questions with a question yes no other
comments only questions questions as
well as call the questions game first
scenario I'm a cashier yeah you're
buying stuff from the grocery store okay
okay how are you doing today sir why are
these wheels so squeaky how much is this
chair how much is this chair are you
sure this is a black chair
did you know this is my favorite chair
what how much are these hats are these
two hats
how much are each hat I believe okay one
scenario number two I am a hungry
vampire and you are an innocent
bystander that has no idea that I'm
about to eat you whoa oh are you know
what I am are you aware well do you have
a healthy diet are those real thing
have you ever met a vampire before I
don't know if I'm scared are you scared
you tell me
haha
was there a question mark at the end of
that statement I don't even know if that
was a statement was awesome no those are
both both those you're like I don't know
you told me that's a question and that
that one you just have with it
so tell me it was a question okay cause
it cut okay are you gonna leave me ah do
you know how hungry I am what are you
gonna do with me do you know how old I
am
are you very old well I'm not young
that's my point
I know next scenario is you are very
troubled in your life and I am your
psychiatrist okay okay
have you been troubled the past six
months
I don't know if I want to be a luchador
wrestler or Agra for me okay what makes
you think that's her do you see how
complicated my life is I don't explain
how is it complicated I might be a
little dog I might be a rest and maybe
they'll hire my I don't know how are you
I don't know what was your name would
you believe me if I told you my name was
Rafael would you believe me if I
believed you if I were to take off two
of my costumes would that make me more
of the other one a costumes don't do it
don't do it
hey you got it hey one boom that's who
we are two single guys at prom and we
run into each other and we try to
pretend that we have dates they're just
no they're just gone no way to convince
the other one okay
Oh how's it going are you oh you have a
huge problem
uh why are you asking me all right am I
not allowed to ask questions you know
who I am
did you know I actually have two dates a
prom why
why not do you know where we are right
now where's your girl it's none of your
business to ask me what my girl is okay
where's yours if you're asking where my
girls are then you obviously don't know
you just tell me what you like my boat
I'd like to - okay so next scenario is
we are two chefs no I'm the chef and you
are my assistants okay that's it
okay do you need my assistance chef
master master chef can you pass the
olives are these olives you speak of are
they black I think these are the olives
you speak up
can you give me another one which one
would you like master chef master is
there a purple one I'm not sure but I
will go check for you oh let's do two do
it how are we playing for I'm against
the first one he gets two forward okay
so you can win this could be the deal
breaker
yep okay okay I am Roy and you are Alex
and we are arguing over what video we're
gonna make it did you know I have a very
high prescription for these glasses
what's up Roy what's up Alex is it
getting hot here why do you ask
is it good thing on my shirt hahaha oh
do you like my ball do you like my big
sexy hair oh do you like it with my
shirt off
hi do you agree that we should do my
video idea hmm
it's a stupid it is my name right
I thought your name was Roy hmm - have
you ever played off to dad before
it's so fun have you played Monument
Valley you make me laugh - it is like
what again what's up dudes hey guys
thanks for coming and watching our video
make sure to watch the other ones on
Mondays and Fridays I'm Alec I'm Roy hey
hey don't forget to subscribe
yeah twitter is good everything about
sobbing Alec society know what it do
okay okay I'll be I'm gonna be Alex now
hey Lex are you doing hey right I don't
look good you lost again
