all right dude where we going today we
are going to our first insanity max 30
workout insanity max 30 workout for you
guys you don't know what this is about
it's basically a 60-day program we work
out and we die if things like this yep
mm-hmm okay
and we stick to that routine for 60 days
and we're supposed to see results and I
don't know we're you gonna do it let's
do it right she gonna do it right oh
yeah 60 days we're gonna look so good
all right cooking my meal uh-huh
and then um Roy's over here here you go
yeah I'm getting water um we got warm up
a little warm up we got my mom did
specials go good one okay okay here I'm
Margo one ready one okay go go yeah in
60 days I'll be able to do 28 of those
okay oh oh this is gonna be exciting
yeah hey guys day one of the max 30
workout and we have Alex for savvy Oh
with the photo shoot stuff so there's
where I do interviews and then we're
gonna do our workout so see you guys a
little bit okay we're about to almost
start the workout so you're stretching
they're fighting and we're not good
workout thing ah let's do it I like this
guy this guy's
look bad we just got done day one this
is max 30 that's me right there that's
all his sweat and then oh yeah you got
everybody here
I might introduce everybody who's this
this is Erik Erikson this is Griffin me
okay you yeah this is Megan oh there we
go okay and then okay
Jessa how long oh we have two months is
like two months of it they can't talk
much so yeah see what happens let's hear
one die day number one dun dun we were
back from the thing and I have learned
one thing it was hard no I'm out of
shape yeah like I could feel this
tomorrow but my calves are gonna be sore
I know yeah I'm gonna walk on the stairs
I hope you don't do squats tomorrow that
would suck I can't even do it right now
look are you gonna fight you a fireball
you nevados I can go go my legs are you
crazy
and I'll do it again tomorrow and the
next day and the next day for 60 days
and then see what happens when do we do
post next video uh I don't know 30 days
30 days I'm gonna post our progress
video you guys check it out on this
channel all right this is your bro we're
gonna put some old one day 30 and then
last one and a six so you guys'll do
we've got to take a journey together you
gonna be like what and then we're gonna
be like what oh here's our um day zero
pictures Oh check it out okay that was
pretty good yeah that was bad okay that
was pretty good okay you'll see better
results I just want to wake up one day I
just want to feel accomplished yeah I
would work out every single day every
day but whenever I start out routine I
use like a week and then
get lazy yeah but this one we're gonna
stick with it we're gonna stick to our
diet and we're doing a lot of water and
it's tough yeah so hopefully we can
inspire you guys and maybe you can do
the same thing you know and special
thanks to Beachbody insanity max 30 for
allowing us to participate in this
special test group ooh
so we're the test group you see what up
we're gonna be the best test group out
there ever whoo all right guys stay
tuned day 30 coming soon to an new blogs
every Monday Fridays yes you wasabi
Wednesday's on Wednesdays yeah uh-huh
what else and then um do something cool
to say bye hi oh my gosh
you
