hey my name is the chants from Germany
and welcome to was sabe vlogs how do you
guys today we're doing the 7 second
challenge so this challenge we both have
a list of 7 challenges that we have to
go back and forth explaining what we
want the other person to do and we have
7 seconds to do it you guys forgive me
okay yeah okay eight squats go it's wise
for seven seconds to sneeze yeah I think
in seven seconds I want you to tell me a
story and then the Marla story
all right there's the stories
girlfriends yeah seven seconds to name
seven serial French go catch the crunchy
city toast
um pretty pebbles cocoa pebbles uh
possibly
whoa okay okay seven six
I can't go to seven seconds to catch you
gonna throw them up in the air and gets
five in your mouth ready good oh five
Evan yeah no you don't like yeah yeah
you're just like seven seconds seven
seconds to play your clothes on
backwards go seven what you see hey hey
six
why would you do it when I'm wearing on
the button
I guess love for you yeah seven seconds
to explain the meaning of life on the
minions life is love and love is life
and everybody should love each other and
life equals heart and heart flies away
and then it returns okay I got one ready
this is the lastest Blastoise 2 RK sir 7
seconds like y'all I gotta go thanks for
joining us on the 7 second challenge
yeah I'll see you again next time you
videos every Monday Friday so remember
remember that remember that remember
everybody every bet it let it soak in
fly away come back again yeah exhale
it's him all right max out let's do it
myself
oh yeah new shirts new merch store
description box with oh yeah check it
out huh all right
