all right real quick let's get on let's
see if you guys know each other pretty
well based on what you guys got but what
is the one thing you would absolutely
not want me you want me you're guessing
what I don't like no just name your own
like what the absolute thank you would
not that I would I do not want yeah uh
mmm pickles pickles yeah really
mm-hmm huh hey pickles mine's mustard I
really hope you didn't mom
dang I told you we should've got mustard
mustard would be disgusting I got Dijon
mustard so this is mustard it's just
spicy awesome but I'm not used I can't
eat spoonfuls of mustard sorry
for number four before want me go first
I can go first okay all right let's see
what you got for me let's see what you
got for me I don't even know what's in
this bag I don't know that Oh baby food
yeah oh that's not bad you're gonna eat
it
yeah it's chicken gravy dude okay that's
baby food probably the baby food
challenge yeah I did is your bad come on
guys Oh bro go go go you making me
nervous stop it oh my god oh my god oh
oh where's the lebot you make me cry out
though that was a lot but I didn't
express why didn't finish it that means
up to where it what you read I ate it
I felt it really hate it I felt the
sympathy lol clothes gone up maybe Roy
what's up BTS I'm a baby I just need
some gravy baby chicken shovin tuna and
it tastes so bad hahaha so bad I thought
it tasted great at first
oh alright but it's actually pretty bad
okay ready my turn I got attempted no
it's gonna be hot it's gonna make me
uncomfortable in my whole body for the
rest of video at least attempt it is
this enough yeah you get to put less
view I'll be nice
okay I don't want to do this right I
like that
it's right there I'll get my bag ready
just in case
okay uh-huh
ah that's good it's good now good more
weight more and more and more a little
bit more more more MORE
not a little bit more from a higher
distance there perfect don't spit on me
don't spit on me Oh hide it for the
first five seconds and it started
tasting weird I keep thinking like
there's bugs on me was just chilli
falling on my body quick huh look at my
dress there's one fact we both hate
wasabi ah fun fact
cuz it's gross but it sounds so cool I'm
in so hot hold on hon oh so hot little
bit not so much dad ah ah good mm-hmm
sure yeah all right sir where am I gonna
put this on you uh I know I know I think
I know - where in my armpit no we're
okay
I'll make a bow sabi necklace huh thank
you I'm official in it oh oh it's kind
of hot on my skin it is yeah I wonder if
I'm allergic to a sock it feels like I
might be able to even doing it for this
person here's haha oh it is hot it's hot
it's super hot like it's oh really yeah
it's it's great it oh oh oh I don't know
if I can wear it really yeah what's the
way your skin Wow whoa this really hurts
okay I can't wear it I can't wear it I
can't wear it you can't wear it's there
it's really here why did I wipe it I
know but we need more paper towels oh
wow wow it's putting your head then okay
yeah yeah but wait I need paper towels
how come everybody's still sitting
Everts oh okay let me get some of the
sauce out so I can focus on the actual
food there you go this will be easy
squeezy here we go that's even eat bet
easily that's salsa it's salsa
that's just so-so I want to shrine onto
a spoonful of Shahji
okay yeah yeah it's good huh how do you
say trudge trudge sriracha okay is it
Luigi there is nothing wrong no sir that
is a pretty safe you know a nose
piercing uh-huh okay I just
in the video you might go see it I get
ready swallow that's good
I love mustard I love ketchup old
mayonnaise you ate a whole spoonful of
mayonnaise
you don't like my knees I thought that
was not a no I'm not a normal person
dude you caught me bigger got me a
doughnut I was hoping they'll be the
first one to like warm up and stuff I'm
so happy
wait why is it wise investible of it
yeah what up dog hey what it is I didn't
realize I'm gonna be dis dartie hey I
feel gross and I got mustard on me and
you know Mon yo face you got Manny's in
the side yo hair yeah this is a new look
do you know why I'm so dirty is because
he transferred all his dirtiest to me no
and you know what his stomach feels like
real bad cuz I put all the food on me
and he put all food inside me so I'm
gonna take a big poop publishing couple
Bismol I'll see you all next week okay
and I'm gonna take a shower it's a wrap
and watch the video tomorrow guys
I think they should hug Lacan said he
likes today yeah
overdub
