sup dudes hey guys welcome to another
episode of a sappy bags today we're
doing the food flicking challenge lucky
talent your hair is long your hair's
done - yours is down here is it down - I
know
turn it stop good did you guys know you
guys know I'm growing my hair out again
Oh long hey I don't care and fun big
nose like a big bomb just drive by ah
okay if your Alba sobbing you already
know what he looks like with long hair
yep and it's coming back alright
with that said time to do this plugin
challenge
yeah body parts here and numbers there
numbers represent how many hairs you
have to pluck from the body part let's
do it okay Paper Scissors rock chemical
is black Paxton shoot - oh I am - so two
hairs okay from what body part the chest
I don't really have a chest hair but
either I have like four hahaha go okay
what I didn't show much are you did you
did I did a shame I swear I never shave
my chest
so guys you and again your knee is
raised like a nipple hair it's on the
boy home since I want to tell you hey yo
you don't go that close to my nipples
what a freaking tweezer haha dude - to
me this is a delicate procedure on don't
move I like recovery to fall oh my gosh
they broke it didn't busy girl
got it it's not bad we got another Oh oh
yeah there's two don't look now this is
more intensive video like not looking
just do it again I got a giant ready
yeah yeah
that wasn't too bad you like clone your
nipple and have little baby Roy and the
ridge was hey hey for you girls don't do
this haha yeah do you have four four
hairs ah facial hair I can't pull forth
up a little tiny okay okay sometimes I
have Harrison here is your knee one
yeah just one okay straddle here just
one strand of beer no sometimes I have
four sometimes is one big AHA oh I have
no facial hair anyway more fish right
we're not why you can't over go bleed
I'm gonna die here do si Brent do and
here's something smaller why wait no
okay is that bad machine oh let's not
get am I gonna bleed out nah okay oh
dude
alright link below enjoy this occasion
just like Eva's not even oh that 100 six
six I forgot those remember that hi this
is hands number haha push me like scream
no way oh my gosh six six nose hairs no
but I don't think you can do it go ahead
bro
are you sure I'm a trooper I'm a man
wait let me let me pick my boogers
hahaha
I got it okay okay okay five more okay
yeah how about you like how about you
just get five nose hairs just pull it
you're about to cry okay the same time
yeah okay I just get a bunch get that
over just get that over right hurry up
I'm gonna get it live all right nose my
right here right now I didn't get to
that's it oh my god it's the only one
whoa I guess okay for my hurry up jeez
get a wash let's get a whole box and go
die BAM give me that girl dude I guess I
did this pick one they're both hurtful
now ha ha ha here we go really get a lot
this time upon stay still - okay Tamar
please oh you got no sir
yeah good that was three though that
counts Sammy now is vald√©s for what to
say four so two more losers yeah those
one on your face yeah yeah three one
more one more one more
make it a good one please visit this one
come on oh that one's fungal a dude you
got it from the Internet hahaha oh my
god all right man that was a nose evil
man armpit ah one yes Wow yeah this one
yeah right come on wait wait wait okay
are you gonna get like upper lower or
like middle of what you gonna do over
man earlier you won yep okay wait yeah
lower one wait wait hold on - okay wait
tell me if we pull it count down slow
one you ready got it you ready got it no
go yeah okay there you go is that bad
I do not one other side other side stop
moving I got scared
oh no that's gonna work okay
oh yeah
ah you got it you didn't get it
nope I broke it yo your armpits are
stubborn okay that has to pull this
paper so small ha ha I cannot open it
I did it before that really solid three
look at me
toe oh good how many three here D yes
please
okay Hey two three oh that's not that
okay ah okay get the one better little
again Oh got it
yes okay that was a bad vibe what you
got mister please be not like no crap
five legs one did you get it yet it
okay you get three up here how many are
you all lower like yeah I hurts man what
about for like I don't know about that
ah
oh god you went up your leg for you yeah
better that all right yeah that wasn't
right you would have done right all
right what was the last one two times
okay so - I got I need usually am i -
wait I thought we were done
no but you did you had two times to the
head haha
that's the rule come on man I would have
picked this big hey I didn't know this
big paper was in the game I thought I
was like a random piece of paper we're
here yeah okay
and right here okay ready I planned on
I'm telling ya you pulled out more than
three on each side
I'm gonna be bald and besides down there
okay that's the end of the videos make
sure if you pluck your skin look your
skin pluck your hairs be careful make
sure you be careful or
else you will bleed to death so yes
watch out and and um stay in school
hugs not pugs they are scrunchie faces
is weird and um always drink milk brush
your teeth twice a day morning bring in
supplies oh yeah
flossing is that very a more important
thing of your dental health mm-hmm okay
make good choices okay a new blogs every
Monday Friday Monday Friday new wasabi
Wednesday video every Wednesday okay bye
you
