what's up dude hey guys welcome to
wasabi knives 15 today we're going to do
the cotton ball challenge mm-hmm explain
we got a play all day okay and we got an
eye mask obviously obviously we got that
spoon this boy's a nice one it's an
exerciser than any spoon
it's a spoon right my dad we got my
right yeah you wait don't you make a
show oh well you definitely not that cuz
I wanna know so you never now we got the
cotton ball challenge yep so the point
of this is to use the spoon or juice
teaspoon while blindfolded wild I poured
it and then you dip the spoon into the
cotton balls
wow those accurate where you looking and
then you put it on top of the plate
which will be on your head once you do
it yep okay well there's nothing there
you can't even tell because the combos
are so light you can't even like to feel
them on this field so that's the
challenge I can feel no I'm gonna feel
them all day these are so heavy like a
brilliant washer pretty great beat
Gingka what's my time limit one minute
one minute done on let me get a timer
and wait look where the bowl is first
okay yep here ya go you gotta go so you
gotta be careful oh yeah yeah big one on
the first one oh you practice this
though he did oh I don't know what she
wanted hey you begin the whole time who
is the person on your dress where is it
why'd you move it I didn't eat it
I don't know man I've called Domino's I
don't even know I'm actually doing it
right you got like four or five yo shut
up hello haha you're getting all of it
oh one minute oh yeah yeah yeah okay can
I get some video I got six yes here's
the spoon
wait come on Walter you
let's go okay right go oh you got it you
got it you guys lie there you go no no
I'll just drop the deal no let's go eat
oh good good
there you go there you go pretty please
drop the line we gotta catch him though
or I fall out my bed my bed oh there you
go there you go you got I got it you got
it
you lying Cupid you get your like you
just spilled like a whole bunch of I'm
just laughing yes oh you're still
cheating wait I'm not Jake is there a UH
salami
no you're stuck together yeah alright go
ahead
you got a dude that's cheating huh 4
seconds 5 4 3 2 3 3 yeah good yeah yeah
I think one of them came in like four so
I went from the bonus I win
I got a you got six no I think we're
tired
Oh think about it 8 and 6 divided by 2
is the average of seven oh I didn't
carry the seven tiebreaker ha ha ha ok a
minute ok we hope ya see it ha ha ha
yeah oh no this was a better
that okay so loss jeopardy yep bed bed
bed bed defense in a minute then Oh what
is cotton balls thinking double jump I
like to spin the wheel now okay right no
oh yeah let's solve the puzzle idea
right here I'll move it
yeah move it okay you don't move it
cheater oh go go go
hey get your elbows away from me I'm not
touching you dude
hey you're the one to say hey to me jeez
I don't even open to the right oh you're
doing it wrong I would like to solve the
puzzle now is it a letter can I get a
bow can I get about now please hello are
you listening oh yeah yeah you can do
one getting a letter B yeah I'm gonna go
get it where is it don't eat it first
yeah I think you like to roll out of the
bowl okay look at me good game the game
yeah bye Nichkhun for go you probably
wished it cuz that is impossible
hahaha yes trust me oh yeah that's it
that's that's way too much
probably more like this hahaha I did
really ha ha now you think the boy is
gone
thank you they get it they get on hand
fuck be timeout no technical that way
this time our technical Teen Titans oh
look on face power rangers periscope
good fart I bought it
that's good oh that's that's that's the
end of the cotton ball video I went
technically you lost cuz you got cheated
I think you to me how do you know I
cheated
I know seriously this is like might get
no proof that I cheated how you got
nothing
we have it ha ha ha ha roof is ready ok
you want this one you do you and me you
cheated I'll forget you don't do it we
have a single footage we don't know if I
cheated all right I know I'm gonna call
my lawyer talk to you later peace out
here at my poor ear
ok she's not answering very quickly
hello hello this is our robust Lobby
calling for a lawyer
you're my lawyer yes can you come and
assist me right now because um I have
this client not client is my enemy right
now because he cheated and I would like
you to certify that his giing
allegorically commanding the theological
consequences
okay what chichi he's a quack all right
thank you everybody
thank you Laurie things lawyer let's
learn do not cheat or yell or else
you'll die oh okay
okay I'm not cheating again okay okay
we'll see you in the next one he went
that way
