what's up dude hey guys hi welcome to
wasabi blocks 13 13 13 wake up
5 5 2013 13 5 7 so oh yeah - ok today we
are going to do the warheads challenge
yes how do we do this you put his name
in your mouth as you can and you just
suck it up
alright so warheads are supposed to be
extremely sour so yes let's see what
happens when we eat also again today we
have my brother lazy Ron check it out
youtube.com slash like lazy around we go
3 2 1 cool
same color same color green ok greens a
sour
he niggas it mmm
look this face don't wear that face
doesn't go five go six come on
come on
Oh
that's gross gross okay okay okay you
keep it in there does it make sweating
long time hey blue blue you're bleeding
yeah period my tummy hurts though my
tongue hurts a lot my cheeks hurt a
little too bad I think you're supposed
to keep it in for longer yeah yes ma'am
honey do is you'd be doesn't every jelly
do you wanna like
ah put your mouth closer you are
bleeding this girl's okay get back over
here
okay go good nice grow back that was the
end of the warhead challenge he won by a
lot and duct tape and all that stuff
well I got sweaty head is bleeding
thanks for watching a new video next
week on was I'm blog Monday mm-hmm
okay so send us more stuff in the
comments and stuff I can't go into them
I know my tongue is all your burning is
hard it hurts to talk that I really
can't do it really all right guys we
came back Wow
that's lightweight
