what's up Dee hey guys welcome to what
zombie bugs a letter 11 Shh wait wait 2
d 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
all right today we're gonna do the rap
where we gonna call this just Spanish
yeah rap battle so what we did is we
wrote a whole bunch of like topics or
just random words and then I guess we're
just gonna freestyle or try to freestyle
and then if you want to like pass it on
to the next person we just grab it and
then they have to rap about that subject
yeah I'm gonna rap about Oh also joining
us again is my older brother check out
his page you to that comment last place
we're on studios mm-hmm okay let's do
this girl all right what room okay
before we start we got to have like a
rapper name you know okay what you got
yo I'd be Chad
oh no that's a good repartee that is
good I got don't fresh boy skillet lazy
lazy lazy Oh time names respect I'm
staying so I'm still gonna be Chad okay
cuz you know suckers you not me you know
all three of us ready read our papers in
the shoe ah
are you ready dope fresh boys good I did
I did I did I would it be would it be
would it be all right all wait don't do
it until I can till the beat drops again
at one show there I can read it
I got it Karadzic yeah yes
I'm bout to toss a heavy style yes it's
been a while one direction one direction
yes a lot of work I don't know I'm just
gonna slow I'm gonna go all the way to
the flow and when I'm rapping yeah you
know I do it good I do good and I eat a
lot of food ha ha I'm gonna pass it to
Roy about to rap about ah I don't even
know what this means
I wrote mine uh me now shit I'm gonna
miss you she that's how you pronounce
this word I wonder what I mean my gosh
yeah all you fans wasabi ang you better
look it up on Google and you tell us on
the comment box what it means gonna tell
it cuz you know it kind of sounds
meaning basket after lazy lazy lazy lazy
lazy lazy lazy going back to rap about
breakfast breakfast breakfast a little
breakfast to go see I eat this every
single day I start my day off but the
right way I don't know what I'm really
gonna say but I like eggs sausage bacon
every frickin day alright I take a
shower and I get clean yes I'm so so
squeaky squeaky clean
yes and sometimes I'm
mean yes last video at 8mp oh you like
this okay all right let me get to my boy
lazy lazy lazy doesn't talk about them
zebras are Daisy I'll let them strike
animals every day oh I wish I could ride
one when I play I really like it cuz
they sound like zebra about the passage
huh good physical Africa goes on Chad
check tchau tchau tchau tchau tchau
yo yo Joe Kelly beef really really mean
but tell me I'm like look at me little
sunny sunny day I'm going here gonna eat
some courses what that's good on me
understand I'm getting your horses but
it's ok I silly puppy yah we ate jelly
beans really really nasty for my stomach
it's not clean it's some toothpaste to
bark it's a laundry I'm like oh my
goodness I'm so sour
ok the change be changed round two let's
do it
y'all bout attach it up to dope what's
your name don't fret boy it's killing go
rest boys get it bout to rap about them
Pokemon alright ready 3 2 1
right when I was little boy I play with
all these toys but my favorite one is
Pokemon core cars
I like all the stars inside I got home
ready give up my name one trooper a
traitor I'm going Charmander
he beat all over that fire he be like
yes I'm the strongest Pokemon nobody's
higher and I be like ha cha resides cool
but I'm all the weight with the Pokemon
is school let me win in all them badges
I'm winning autumn badges I don't need
no trophies coz I'm winning on imagine I
feel like no you good but I'm better
better rather go to print little bit
harder oh nothing Pass about the
Patchett to my boy
my older brother bout to rap about
cleaning my room to be honest I never
really do it I just walk around don't
even feel like cleaning my room I don't
even know what I'm gonna say but the
story of the day it don't clean your
room don't you yeah go alright alright
we don't chat on my right Chad feeling
kind of right right
got a rap about this frozen alright
y'all better stop it you better let it
go hookah me Elsa I'll lick it stop
going round the beer we got Olaf unlike
hippie-dippie snowman I'm like you make
me well huh love that's all you need
some love is worth nothing for you see
get this close to my lap you see they're
like my top boys in my home homie okay
school school is time to cool I go there
but I'd rather chill at them
oh no that I keep going I got my books
and I got my knowledge cuz I'm going to
keep going and keep going go and yes I'm
not Samoan no more word okay
bout to give it to Troy over here
bout to take them to school on and rap
about that dip it D flat so haha what
you got them Tiffany laughs yo flippity
50 DVDs I'm like clubbing everybody what
we're going to the summer I'm like
popping it Oh Sonny Sonny is a really
hot I'm like 100 degrees
oh look at my boy to my left here like
oh ha you see see you get it they fresh
that you can't deny I'm walking around
the house if you got me fly what what
okay here we go
remix pretty we make Mario okay ready
yeah
three two
but up go one one direction and one and
done gonna go through the house in the
Sun inferior that's not where the fun is
I'm gonna get some Sun Chips young sons
Capri Sun I'm like do you know that
drink I'm like oh hey son this is really
hard to talk about we got the best song
ever right here in the head like you
what's that guy's name Henry Henry heavy
every know my Harry is a Potter oh
that's the best Harry ever no Stiles
just simple powder okay touch it up mess
it up pass it off the lazy lazy to my
left stop to wrap it up this subject
right you dog you my dog are you my dog
big dog I don't bark bark sometimes they
go Peru see you compare all day all
night there would be a best friend every
time that is right for may go look oh I
go oh they go alright alright so the
last ones gonna go to my little brother
Cuba gonna rap about moist
alright I got this
alright top up moist moist Evan water
earlier he's talking about pots her
weight guardian Leviosa all the way yes
magic Potter I'll get all right back to
talk about you that was gross
don't say it until you ha but you know
it's no everywhere oh boy
alright my money my money what what must
my what boys laughing boy cat hello one
President Obama you see me unlike ohana
what but that's love but you see the
Lewin system like oh no oh mama mama
when you see mr. Obama's he's in the
White House oh the beat change
oh no it's all bummer let's do it oh I
pledge allegiance to the Obama to the
United States uh oh okay that's it okay
all right so let us know who won
Chris Solis worse you know yes come on
we're not really rappers but we do rap
leopard randomly is your first time
first time ever
Wow that's good this is like my tenth
digit I like 100 times yes all the time
no no no yeah I mean we would go to the
car sometimes y'alright golf Jackie I'm
like oh I don't know what it is would it
be would it do down oh yes no yes though
anyways well that's the end of the video
that concludes rap battle number one
will not I do another one if you guys
want us to rap about more topics yeah
just write down some topic so probably
rather rap about it yes in the future
videos Oh mm-hmm okay mm-hmm the scene
this dummy Jesse oh okay I'll call you
actually left ah legit right okay okay
yeah just being elephant my young sorry
can you carry me away I could do that
already
we're so weird
you
