what's up dude hey guys welcome to
what's a be blood oh this is my brother
lazy rod mmm there's Aaron but he has a
YouTube channel
lazy Ron studios you dress right here
shut down check it out mm-hmm yeah yeah
it's really good it's a good step I'm on
there a little bit Roy's on there a
little bit um yeah so let's get to
challenge to it so we're all going to do
the bean boozled challenge
mmm third edition third edition what we
do there are two identical-looking jelly
beans for example let's say we have like
a red one one will be strawberry the
other one will be like red fart or slide
yeah we're gonna open them up and we're
gonna put them down and then we just
have a whole bunch of white ones whole
bunch blue ones whole bunch brown ones
and we're all just gonna see who this
lucky eat one ready let's do this ready
all right so we're done rearranging
these things there's a green one there's
a pink one a blue one a black one are
you white one that yellow one I don't
know
but some of these are mixed now yeah
this looks like a peanut you know like
the things that rats poop poop peanuts
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten
whoo all right we're gonna try them all
out let's do it it's barf flavored oh
right he's like why would you do this to
us
jelly belly aah
what'd you get
that's it's like blueberries my second
face what is it
there are cheese they all look scary
great sour apple lime yep mmm grass
grass Oh go my tastes like lime lime fun
lawn clippings
you taste like grass good I wanna grass
look like grass do you feel like a cow
yet the grass tastes good with the line
yeah it complements each other the brown
ones how do you guys use so bathroom so
I saw my line were professional candy
eaters that's all we eat our whole lives
oh by the way he's like 6 4 so we made
him sit in the solitary because he's
always been taller simple see you look
taller son now it's time okay don't say
any toes you sherry tells you this is
where my belly button is where's your
phone button right here that's right one
hit one here ready
no no no wait look that's my baby oh no
I gotta you fell through three you know
Mike my own taste buds and my gag
reflexes are really sensitive so I might
go
I did bad taste like a prince no it
tastes like something like it taste like
peanuts what's up oh it's an Amber Alert
was it mean it means somebody stole a
car it's a 2002 white Suzuki Vitara wow
you didn't area call it in mm-hmm I just
like you know I don't know why I did
that and can knock who this probably
thinks I bet them did
thank you okay looks like that bad I'm
not I guess my turn yeah I'll double you
ready okay I've got a good one wait
means a missing a stolen car wish I'm
not looking forward to my book tonight I
still have not gotten the chocolate one
okay there you go you got it yeah you
got it
I want to pick the
yes all right
Mateusz
you guys get a good one again yeah get
that popcorn
I think it's popcorn stop
I don't know how many more I can take
ma'am I saw it really hurts so that was
definitely a hard percent the worstest
ever rotten egg
alright we gonna do this black one bozo
bozo
mobizen I just had coffee the Christian
coffee coffee this is a fish oh it's the
Sun spray skunk spray I got look we're
just like what y'all say I guess it's
gonna taste like coffee the question
what I guess it does taste like skunks
cuz you know when you drive around road
noise I guess this kinda tastes like
coffee yes our bucks yeah Starbucks
smells like skunks the reason why I have
this is cuz the salt and ice challenge
it give me a big scar coconut vanilla
cotton balls to go back just a minute
Ron Gillette baby wipes well good
anyways oh sorry everyone back there
yeah alright thank you nothing's like
grass tastes like a leaf yeah Wasser
tastes like bubble sorry
why are you Jenny bugger
oh that's a good bugger yeah yeah I know
Jessie paracord you seem tired bad
that's why please three two one
move okay Elle Elle Hale
come Accord the caramel corn good yeah
to the bean boozled challenge yeah I
have one more box in this Wow you and
you and Andrew can do it my little
brother Andrew he makes videos but hips
check out his channel and YouTube that
concepts Lloyd Rossi is and you guys can
do it yeah you guys want to try it feel
free to do it oh yeah okay we'll see
y'all next time
next video alright booster dose we a
boozled challenge dog we have boozled we
boozled okay Monday Tuesday Thursday
Friday okay come out okay hi I've seen
one of these oh yeah that's so gross
