hi this I stole the BTS camera so I just
want to tell you a big secret my secret
is mmm
I love Alex Oh Kat is good well I made
it wet sorry guys
hi um today's video um Richard and I are
taking over um today is going to be a
good one because I'm gonna teach
everyone how to stay in the friend zone
because me and Richard's life is all
about me enriches life is all about the
friendzone so this is gonna be good for
all those people who'd want to stay in
the friend zone
Brett tang it's gonna be good for all
those who want to stay Richard I moved
to Canada Oh guys we have someone
special with this what's your name no
idea you make your own name up this is
Janet guys you look sexy what ha ha what
do you mean you're stuck in a closet I
have a box book I have a fast boat I'm
Oxbow ooh
let's all go choo-choo this will be
sitting here Marlon just has mad
different themed blankets looking for
this I'll see you next time I just kill
Mickey ah this is the carnage left over
for a little louder than Richard sorry
guys you guys never really didn't get to
see them and behind the scenes they're
always so busy
they're hard-working actors like Kyle
and I have so much to deal with them
right oh my god this box is so heavy oh
there's nothing in that box
so if you guys are curious whenever they
do crazy stunts what they fall on
usually its parts of his cows that we
use for cushioning yep that's definitely
not roll on this wig right there oh I
found my extra weave oh my gosh Richard
hey five burritos two pizzas one chicken
nuggets and one french fry today I gotta
take a big hi I love when you film me
well here I just wanna look at Richard
look Richard can you be quiet we're
working on set right now can you be
quiet please my set whatever dude oh
okay oh oh by the way guys Roy also
bought us candy as our like craft
service table Thank You Roy wherever you
are thank you shut up and I know in the
harmony sorry thanks right okay so I
don't know how those fireworks
it's either a it explodes or B it's good
so right channel burner I show you how
to light a fire first time for average
can't do this earlier to light it light
it
we survived five looks good like his can
right Alex this is how this game is very
low for Georgians camera no I'm gonna
keep it in my possession
hey guys this is fireside chats with
nature what insightful thing you have to
tell us today huh if you're not smiling
you're getting it right here yeah good
for her okay thank you
there she is that okay so this is the
last scene now two more scenes to go all
right six hours she's almost done
yes this is our number five hour and a
half so yeah it's a 7:00 p.m. right now
it's November
oh I'll test you saw huh goochy goochy
are we done we're done we're done oh oh
I can rap it's a rap it's a rap it's a
rap
Parappa the rapper that's a rap like we
don't listen rather that's a rap it's a
rap it's a rap da da da da da da Thunder
dr.
