what's up dude welcome to wasabi vlogs
not in episode 9 I yes today we have a
very special guest with us and that
Clinton meaning me she is a singer on
vine
she just had a million you recently
moved to YouTube what's your channel
tell them about you yeah my to the
channel
it's an including going hey a CLT in de
ni ng mmm yes ma'am we'll put the link
right here
mmm so we're gonna do a challenge that
we made up uh-huh with the help of Roy
and Alex haha yes ma'am and yes ma'am
I don't know what to call it but I guess
I'm called lip-reading challenge right
don't look Reading Challenge yeah
explain so basically the person in the
middle or whoever will have hippos on
and music will be playing on headphones
yes and the other two people will start
like will start talking and having a
conversation and the person with the
headphones will try to like jump in
we're gonna play who can uh get the most
accurate okay
oh we just have fun okay alright okay
whoever okay here we go you ready yeah
go for it okay what you listening to can
you hear me I can hear you I'm not
playing you go hi we going
he looks really silly right now yeah
tell you about this today oh my god I
heard about that I hear good yeah you
have to peel the banana first yeah that
puppy is negative Oh puppy Oh colors was
not yellow oh yeah yeah oh wow mmm mmm
yeah you think again how did I do
did you get that get anything right yes
you got it already
oh don't worry guys yes okay really yo
check out Captain America you like oh
yes you gotta do the credit thing yeah
yeah we cute is this big yeah how do you
know that Captain America's carrot
fritters Rihanna's well you know we're
like this I call him cap
I run a first-name basis yeah yeah hello
cat Oh yo you know this is the LEDs name
um with crunch Cap'n Crunch
he looks really good he's so beautiful
he's beautiful
Wow beautiful your lip yeah every time I
go up oh yeah
I love this cheese my favorite you know
well then I was thinking the same thing
it's like oh my god I've been Sims and
rebels in my face
good good keep going okay so um what did
you do today well today you know I took
a nap oh maybe she's dead no yo yo one
Daniel over here to Philadelphia FBI
yoga be that Easter yo yo this music is
so dope yeah always in the flow put on
the flop yeah um so um how was
California she just went to California
last I didn't go to Disneyland I didn't
know so I've even didn't world yeah my
it's like I'm too old together
I have been benedict not Disneyland you
never do you know she's dead she's dead
good good so you know thing up what's up
gonna get anything right yeah it was
most of it right he's a simple man
brilliant I read his leg he was like
yeah yeah so okay yeah okay so what you
want to do that's what you want you to
do you want to do is you when you're
driving yeah well yeah
it's all baby right ma'am oh fuck fuck
your rap good job of that blue chimes Oh
mom I love zebras I love zvex I love
Zeebo
I like hip-hop Anonymous's I love it
just let them what yeah yeah and that
favorite color is blue too okay so let's
talk about um you know when I'm on the
court and I like cross people up on my
yo-yo
oh yeah bats they don't even know yeah I
don't like to me you took that all day
oh yeah okay last one let's go go ahead
okay I'm you know that um that Philly
cheesesteak is so good hahaha yeah it's
really good you you really need to try
the demands you say it's really really
good it's really good yeah really good
you know yeah okay now let's just make
stuff up on the mouth and then it will
do the crab walk and everything okay go
ahead take it off you get this tonight
John
yeah you're done why be good okay huh we
take no crap hey not to throw me off
guess who won you
I'm out winners okay we're all winners
we're not a winner until we get that
Philly cheesesteak and courses yeah I go
to the zoo
I ride the drafts I grab into that
Philadelphia Zoo it's pretty cool I mean
look like never I have a cheesesteak
Potamus Penn thermos how did she take
father's
flight up us really cheap items okay
there's one thing I wanted to ask you
while we were on on film
it is um oh can you teach us a little
bit on how to sing yes you can't sing we
make birdies and they just they're
they're funny but yeah just ara
how can be harmonized how do you boo you
guys you got to do like the third note
up right the thirds or something like
that little time people waking up that's
awesome we got it was it let's get
ringer it's the trio yeah Bonjour -
Bonjour hello we are sitting in this red
room you see the zebra I'm like oh man
what what I'm sorry well that's the end
of the video guys thank you for coming
and don't forget to subscribe the
channel to need a massage and a
clendenon zeroing yes yeah
man on vine I'll just lobby by Royal us
on Twitter Instagram everything
everything and um new video a new vlog
wasabi vlogs every Monday Tuesday
Thursday Friday yes ma'am watch a
workout okay right right yeah forget
what working we're working for work it
work it one two three go we have to
leave in an awkward manner like like
this Oh God okay bye yeah that's it
that'll probably else
