what's up dude
welcome to Tommy bucks 7 7 7
you know what 7 means it means not 8 it
means the luckiest number in the world 7
is the luckiest number well 20 choose my
favorite number 2221 is my favorite
number
why that's just a fact Oh number 1
ah so we're gonna tell you guys some
facts about ourselves so you guys get to
know a little more about ourselves and
ourselves so that was already number one
is your favorite number is 21 minus 22
okay
fact number two I am 6 feet tall
oh yes I am how am i five I'm like five
seven now if I've ate at least I think
so
oh five nine but if I navigate nine so
yeah mmm I get that feeling Pino
triggers that is that count as one or
two that's four - that's - yes I do
alright back number three I'm still at
school fact number three I am NOT in
school
I'm a full-time youtuber I'm here for
you I'm only in school because I'm my
mom she she I know I'm looking for my
mama because she got my dad food from
the Philippines to America and her dream
is for all her children to get a
bachelor's degree or some degree in
college so I'm doing it for you mom I
love you
like your mom and my mom I leave up
school your mom's like shy right what's
it going
what number four um
come on money don't know anything about
my plays every instrument almost every
instrument in the world guitar mandolin
we put on you played it once I saw yeah
ukulele triangle drums keyboard computer
and piano version and um some other
stuff hmm Oh fact about you elbows nice
thanks well you you're uh see you're
really keen person you really care about
your friends and you're going oh you
always think about them before yourself
how you try not to stress out too much
because it's bad unless you're like loud
let's do it
you're just a really loving guy thank
you oh I don't I'm gonna leave those two
those two that I can outfit as chewy so
it's Alex show now and I'm gonna welcome
my guest Roy welcome I'm glad to be here
nice guys
okay what is it fine I lost count
haha okay let's just like five or six
okay by the same five or six um okay um
I talk in my sleep sometimes so one time
we were in a went to Kelly for this
business trip and then we were sleeping
in the hotel and then sleeping one bit
I'll sleeping on the bed and then I woke
up randomly at night and then all of a
sudden all I heard was a dog okay
what I don't let people are you okay
haha and he didn't say anything so I
guess it was just sleep talking like
skree female sometimes he creeped me out
dude this is another time I was sleeping
I was still awake he slept early and all
of a sudden you woke up you're like hi
scary yes L say D oh yeah I was with my
girlfriend she's like did you just say
hi Jim there yeah it wasn't the real end
Oh Jim oh just like did you just use
like oh yeah but uh okay so I guess then
what is that whoa my girlfriend I was is
my girlfriend she was like on a laptop
or something I was sleeping and um she
told me I was like house like hey is is
he still in class and she's like what -
and I was like oh boy with your brain
man leo
okay factum er um all right I know
you're not very interesting ruining
everything
I play a lot of basketball or we play a
lot of basketball yes sir
I used to play soccer I played soccer
and middle school in high school I did
track in middle school play a little bit
across my not too much you know I'm
saying I played the violin
I played violin for like two days
they're not probably two weeks when I
was in Middle School
uh-huh what is she man what do you say I
didn't stop they kicked me out of the
class for what I kept plucking the
strings like and then the you're not
serious about fighting good another
elective what one next day I came to
school and they told me where to go and
I went there and it was theater class
oh and then everyone sixth grade and
then ever since sixth grade - when I
graduated high school I was in there
wadis that's pretty good I know now I'm
doing this that's crazy yeah yeah the
next fact is uh let's see I started
making videos in the I was in seventh
grade I was I was that I was either I
was 12 years old my experiment my
parents had this camera they would never
use and then I just picked it up and I
was like yo do something he was the
founder yeah I came in then there's like
eight other people in the asabi and then
they all dropped out and got bored with
it and then I was like I want to play
yeah it's like the other so I don't know
I think I'm probably 14 or 15 yeah
August August birthdays if you're a Leo
Leo
Leo's Aries Leo hey Harry come on yo leo
coo coo all right how about this one if
she had a child what would you name your
child a boy or girl
let's do boisterous okay boys Addison
Addison I like that name it's like I'm
like oh but it's like Addison yeah yeah
it's like that it's like David but
Addison David or W yeah girl from you I
don't know just let my wife do that girl
the girls pretty hard to clown I would
name her oh crap dude that's a weird
name oh crap Dean that's a beautiful
name I don't know man it's really all up
to my wife I'm not avoiding though okay
got it
Leo Leo what stop - or anything is Leo
just a Leo cuz my name is three three
ladies No
for Leonard or Leonardo's leo with an I
so Ellie oh I Oh Leah now hey hey I
don't know why Leo leo
Zoe I know ly o ly go leo oh let's see I
will seed up Ora l ee o ha ha ha ha
video what's your girl named my girl
name would be a millipede Oh Penelope
nerdy then this
nice nice nice yeah fact number I don't
know I used to be in a band
oh yeah wasn't one of them tries really
name but I thought you guys changed your
line one of them was real apple√≠s oh
yes one other that um there's one I
wanted I tried to tell it was either you
or try to tell somebody I wanted you as
the name it is black top memories oh I
don't know I wanna like like me says ok
manam but huh you god I don't member
what is it alright it was freshman drama
ha ha let's and jump freshman drama Oh
drama freshman unrest drum oh my gosh no
no yeah it goes back in the days and you
know the rock days days I'll do that no
mom to old too old for that
what's up dudes we just made a band
right now mm-hmm
like top memories ready let's go citrus
up on myspace mm-hmm my Sega uh huh
myspace.com slaps back top memories
sangguk on slash ahead of mongrel band
desert this song is called organ send
this out to them this for the one
audience it's for the last time and we
just gotta read this song um a long time
ago this song is called
for you for you
this for you
you
every day
not actually
you
Oh
hey peace wasabi wish you ever meet
careful hit it for everybody in the
world this song is for
okay bye
