what's up Jesus I'm about to welcome to
another episode of wasabi arrives yes
what are we doing today today we're
gonna show you cool things we could do
with our bodies what can you do with
yours first off I grabbed up pinky Oh
pick your pinky you likey do it in here
how do you see my pinky okay whoa it's
weird yeah weird what is that this is my
pinky you can pop it out I don't think
you'd do anything cool with my body well
I can do it you can you do this you guys
let us let me know if he could do this
check this out okay it's just like pop
it like straight and pop it up lay
straight up straight make it really
straight in the car like this look can
you get like like that angle by this
yeah and then pop it like that you know
when you pop your do it again okay good
good hey that's the sound it makes
yeah Oh to you next time I can only do
can you do this
pinky let's get right o you can see what
you got you can't move okay just like no
there's a screen next to the TV so we
can see what we're doing so you show you
what we're doing correctly so if we keep
moving down this because we're gonna be
good so looks good for you okay
this is all video there you go okay
you're first okay and have i extremely
parallel okay I like this yeah so you
can't move any of your other fingers but
your pinky and all you gotta do is BAM
ah what the longest time I thought that
was my superpower with my you can figure
it out I didn't know I was like to do
that stuff until I was like 16
no like whoa he's gonna play with
yourself you look you could be a perfect
zombie dude look at this game hey you
lock it in place and then pop it out
it's just like okay yeah it's down here
it's all down here okay what else I'm
just not as oh look it's a fishy
oh okay what else you got anything else
to give you any creases oh I can do last
one
are you ready good ready look at my lips
okay you just got left one corner hey
sorry oh it's like you got that thing a
fish movie say you tie it like when
you're a kid right
Jack I don't like the screams I'm not
one gets anything
well you're you right - yeah
it's harder than my doing erect like one
out of ten I have to do this all the
time because I just found out that it's
a special thing
Wow like Richard does that all the time
to both sides he's like this oh that's
how you do your energy like well I can't
wait look what I'm doing it you did it
that's it no obviously yeah hey hey dude
that's not one nothing moves except for
a top lip just like I'm gonna do it
right you just did it on the other side
and then it looked if you do it I'm like
opposite corner it's like the bottom
look pretty yeah that's I'm just not as
talented as you dude can you guys do it
yeah try and do it let us know send us
videos to find it whatever we'll check
it out Oh can't do this hi I'm just
doing it I'm double joining like that I
think the reason why I do it so well is
because my Stuart's double-jointed it
does but Mike I think I can find
something nobody can do something
keep happier darling do you have a weird
body she give you the belly roll like
we're like you know well yeah I don't
know where you do it
okay ready good dude even your belly
keep it he's gonna relax completely and
then just like inhale exhale go do it
don't try to make me feel that asked me
something you can do everybody's
double-jointed some how can you twit
your name really really weird yeah I
remember back in middle school I was
running the took off my shoe I was like
oh no still sitting look at the
bleachers okay thank you okay can you
make any weird sounds you're this one
from what you do it was like you're
saying go away go away don't you
never resort oh yeah I've never thought
believe me I'm saying one word boy no
girl girl yeah just go to this make it
and then spoken to it burro burro
cooties in what like that so it's like a
tunnel
that's a girl how's he doing
what smells good
I've never seen with you maybe what else
I feel like there's something I'm
missing that I can do each other's
sandwiches you do any crazy dance moves
ringing this is my favorite right here
just shimmy haha I can't just do this
like gonna go
you can't indicator it see it but that's
all I can just practice makeup
how you doing better go ahead
they're coming out of no where is she
this is this I don't know this is my
all-time favorite dance move since high
school
just go shimmy forward thanks for
watching for what thanks for watching
this episode of wasabi okay don't forget
to comment below and ask this question
when you want us to do we'll figure it
out that's me do something we'll try it
out and come on up
mm-hmm in well coming back follow yeah
follow us on twitter i rove asabi at
Alex wasabi
we're also on Instagram and Vine so let
us know very give us a shout out on
Twitter and what we should do yeah this
I will have like no contests are in our
contest but like a big hey let's talk
about some ideas and then we'll
brainstorm all together all of us and
maybe you'll see your yourself in a
video we're gonna post your thing right
there your suggestion it's gonna be like
rubble block says let's stand or
something I don't know
yes so don't forget the Polish Alex
wasabi talks about the outro I'll be
everything Instagram vine Twitter and
it's for you it's for me
see you side there's nobody there got
you got you
I knew you're lying cuz they're ringing
it off
