let's go check this out so there's a
frozen turkey in the back the only way
to thaw it for the video is to pour it
in hot water it's already been in the
Sun for like 40 minutes so turn it yeah
actually a little bit try just enjoy
this wet sock where you run water go
ahead go ahead with the steam Oh turkey
Sun five-o it's salty wrecks are getting
socks here that's good that's good so we
gotta wait here for like two more hours
guys into Marlin the craft service lady
hi guys
today we have our specialty which is
white fund oreo unlimited we have so
much of it yeah that's about it
oh wait nothing that's it and we have a
very special person here today guys hi
my name is Yolanda welcome today's
another makeup with a Rolando thing we
have everything set up from the set we
have a reef all right well Jacobean
sweet right 3 3 3
sorry and it's gonna be really messy
because my makeup ok best makeup on
YouTube like all the beauty gurus I'm
the master then we also have Richard
over here rich is a little eating right
now so you can't really talk yeah but uh
while they're filming that Marlon and I
are making some of the food that is
gonna be you what to do we ready mashed
potatoes out mashed potatoes ready to go
BAM Thanksgiving we say get the gravy Oh
guys so so cool off some of the hot food
so it doesn't burn roll on this
beautiful face we put it all inside of
the freezer oh gosh roll on to you okay
I just swallow the turkey Oh
Richard just came out of the green room
all ready to go huh what did something
about Richard that most people don't
know hi Richard yeah
our turgor her heavy shirt shirt shirt
shirt now we have the cranberry
cranberries good it's a good source of
Turkey it's like a sweetly oh you're
pretty dirty yes um yeah this is this is
my makeup if you have a problem with
that you can say it to my face
I will catch the camera I'm not scared
I'll smudge the camera with this gray oh
look like a month bitch my literally
lately
okay you watch your toes
well just kidding it's kind of heavy
it's heavy also also oh my god there's a
this big plastic thing sticking in the
butthole
looks like crying that's okay hi guys I
really can't really catch a turkey
all right there you go three two one all
right you have attorney okay so and
Turkey what you wanna do with a chair
what that tastes like guys can oh this
one tastes like pumpkin mmm
see in my land back in Buddhism then um
we take shots of candles cuz people take
shots of alcohol and that's that's bad
and it gets you drunk so if you do hot
candle wax you get the same sensation
but you don't get drunk oh hey okay dark
desert Hong cab remember no I'm sorry I
had to deal with that kitchen burger I
really am sorry
ah perfect here are we to the bed but
whose heart okay okay
and alex is back now where were you told
that man I got lost you guys have a big
house we do man it's pretty crazy I
don't know where I was I was somewhere
some someplace with some things and I
just you know but I made it back it's
all that matters oh you said that uh
Rolanda and Richard kind of ruined your
house a little they made a messy yeah
they always do that I'm kind of used to
it now but it still still bugs me a
little bit but you know it's
Thanksgiving so I forgive them sometimes
this is the last time though next time
wish I'm gonna do that whatever that
means is happening wait so watch
yourself Richard over land oh right
right
you won't happen I took a nap
everything's missing
oh hey bro line there Richard were here
they do it turkey at me forget you yeah
hey I want a turkey I still have it from
the fridge okay okay what was the last
thing I said in flavor yeah yeah oh yeah
Artie are you ha get out get out you
know what you know what do it because I
am I brace for it oh yeah yeah okay you
see that
now that okay ready okay a little midget
punch me in the chin it's a little hard
thank you for watching bye my sins thank
you so so much I hope you enjoyed this
makeup tutorial around it so pretty I
know all the time I'm beautiful here
check this out life hack uses makeup if
you want people to love you during
Thanksgiving you know this is an awkward
moment and Thanksgiving dinner where you
people talk just wear this makeup
they'll talk all about you haha and then
if you don't learn to look at somebody
who's not as pretty as real ender yeah
and then you got I've been looking at
anyone he has a good point
