so remember when I went to LA and you
couldn't go because of that explosive
diarrhea stuff hey I'm supposed to do
that okay all right
okay well okay so I went there and we
went there for the YouTube challenge
challenge video for comedy week that the
youtubers written link or filming and so
they had a whole bunch of trimmers come
and we did a whole bunch of challenges
hmm all right let's check this out
dancing a lot I've been waiting around a
lot synergize I remember that we're
doing and it looks Thanks oh the chubby
bunny okay okay okay and I forgot to
watch the cinnamon out of my mouth so I
was jumping around just burning and
everybody else I'm smart I was this
makeup roll out of this day I know your
makeup thing relax miss that don't even
know how to use them where's that
ha ha this where's that beard yeah oh
yeah we had this thing for 20 seconds
look like a monkey a monkey like this
son this is good
oh you saw yourself you had explosive
diarrhea is it blue no Saltine flanking
now I've never done that
look guys in the back ready is that bad
what is this this is a smoothie
challenge I had to mix a powder and a
drink and I got orange juice and mustard
mustard butter is a messy it was all
right oh that's gross you're supposed to
drink it all
no just since I didn't like I drink at
small amounts of everything okay
I bet my finger here no didi Oh chicken
nuggets how many we had to write a very
same moment and I should do my face I
couldn't
tin can challenge to Chan wasn't a is
dr. Dorian as Kerry Thomas looks so
happy I know so happy when I fell she
got the same thing okay
I'm starting a dance too much yeah Oh
wasabi challenge this wasabi yeah I hate
wasabi oh this is the Harlem shake
Harlem milkshake oh oh dude it's
horrible it was fight pretty spry yeah
it was nice but then once I got the
hotel in the morning those clothes smell
so bad
really yeah I just put in a trash bag
put it out like Asian girl she looks
funky looks like her alive oh man Wow
that concludes it it's so cold oh yeah
time right here talking about you to
tell us challenge everybody I'm Milt
they looked cheese melt everybody has
milk on them okay
Wow yeah all right thank you for
watching our first wasabi blog you can
click on that link for the main video
where all the youtubers videos are
collab together on Rhett and Link's
channel and you can click on this link
for our main channel feel free to try
these challenges at home in response to
our video make sure your hash tag
challenge challenge yes and be on the
lookout for more videos on youtube.com
slash wasabi vlogs subscribe ok bye Go
Go do you really wanna show up dancing
do you want to see a step tik tik dance
dance pit
you
