I desire
hi everybody it's mommy Monday
today we're doing a gross day yes we're
going to have so much fun we're up dude
econ
doesn't do into the water you've been
waiting too long get in the water oh
I've been going so crazy it seems like
the whole time the ground feels a little
bit shaky
and to the open air
Oh baby
this can feel a bit scary
you go through the water hope your feet
will be ready maybe you just need a
little bit
and build
into
the bumpy ride positions that you may
you have to take
all right we're going under than before
fool inside
to get in
so much
we're gonna try all of it awfully nice
Oh
you like this I mean you like that
we're home Elizabeth are you back there
oh yes I back here we kind of got a lot
of stuff - yeah as you can see a justice
colony yes
so we're going to get everything out so
that we can test out some of the most
awesome stuff that we got because Beauty
couples really good to us but let me try
that is we've got so much cool stuff and
you can have possibly a few other people
yes okay so we're going to organize all
the stuff
we've organized everything here's an
outpost look at some of the stuff that
we got and we are going to try on some
of the stuff that is entering it in the
back yes especially the lipstick we've
got a lot of really cold stuff
I think the first thing we should show
everybody is the hair brushes right okay
we got two different hair brushes we got
this one
we got it to the fold it's a rose gold
color we got it for your purse so that
they folded go in there but then we were
walking by and the guy who actually made
this brush was demonstrating the brush
and he said how it makes your hair
really nice I let him try it on my hair
and it works really low
yeah it just like make sure hair super
soft
it actually works I don't know how it
works with every time we brush runner is
so nice your trim primers of yours so
you can see a less intense a little bit
well we'll just say it's been in the
wind but now we're brushing it looks so
soft into that it's like perfectly soft
no tingles at all so whatever he did to
this brush this is a really good brush
I'm really calm about okay we got all
these lotions we got some like shampoo
conditioner we got some eye shadows we
got a couple things that I don't really
know what they are he's not a brand of
Ring Pop yeah what's the gutter ring /
well we got purple mascara I'll be
interesting please we got a whole bunch
of basemap what's up in this area so
many face masks oh my gosh okay cool
a bunch of a patent trolls lemon eat
pretty cool so the bunch of you have a
look there like sparkle two pictures
here so there's a little nail file and I
think this is it's dazzled us so what do
we do it let's look
oh I think you put on your date cool
this child's present or anywhere on your
cheek how'd your eyelid okay I don't
know well if that's what you're supposed
to do with it look cool I like that
Louis you know you look okay okay well I
think you put on your face there's no
instruction vomit so I don't know well
actually maybe cousin your nail and you
can I have it for this tailored nails
this booklet so maybe you put on your
nails off you paint your nails I don't
know whatever it is this is very ugly
right now it's really cool the previous
video yeah now I can see on your eye
maybe that's why I came with an elbow
what were you thinking that was fun okay
let see what was in here oh and it also
comes with the nail polish so amenities
maybe you use this nail polish it's
really heavy baby
and you put this dazzling eyeshadows
just hears over it yeah I think we
should do this on that
okay only the people that had a talent
bracelet got this one so sometimes the
main person I guess on the channel I
don't consider myself the main person
but I only got this we don't know it yes
okay so oh cool oh boy this would have
something I'll probably never use fake
eyelashes I'm a designing cookie and
it's got this little thing it's like a
contour sponge a bunch alakazoo yes I'm
so excited
look it's going home I don't have any
good makeup oh really thought do you I
feel it Michael oh this one
the girl there Alyssa and there's the
fog my dress - we have some lipstick and
some eyebrow pencil and then this one
respect
I poke a shadow because I'll be amazing
because of the one that has the booth is
a really big eye shadow brush from Nadia
yes it was so cute we got there because
the lady knows working there silly
walked up she's like family boo back
think you knew who we were and it was so
- using her little boy watches our
channel it made me do it
yeah oh my awesome
it's actually my favorite color palette
yeah and it's cute this is awesome
I love the digital colors hey that's
going to be awesome here alright looks a
lot like a makeup for the house that I
really like already I'm excited about
that
maybe I'll put one of these on in just a
second okay okay so I think that's
everything from in there and maybe what
you're supposed to do is these are these
brushes put it on so maybe you can try
that okay we're going to try this one
right here get some of that and let's
put this on a list
oh it's pretty little stark for you but
it's very pretty
we're going to try this one instead okay
that color looks better on you take a
look at that oh yeah
we also got this pink thing and I think
it's supposed to like help your dates
not look shiny so I'm going to get your
forehead well I don't know if it's
working I think I don't know video games
when you have liquid oh oh well maybe
you're supposed to get will quickly put
your makeup on with it I don't know I
thought I was supposed to help you not
have a shiny face but I don't know if
it's working so fail yeah I'm going to
try on this color I'm when you play
finger do not very dark okay ready put
them right there
well we can trysting oh that I'm gonna
put this on the other side so it
balances out I don't know how much I
like that clip for you color dark I
usually like the light colors I want to
do it like it's definitely a dark brown
them
yeah we have about this cool perfume and
a mirror I'm going to try on this purple
mascara I've never tried on triple
mascara when I see it
the things you will look pretty much
like black but so far I can't tell it's
purple you can barely tell it's purple
it's kinda hard to tell but I've already
got some black underneath that's cool I
think if I found a whole bunch on you
probably saw with all those simple oh
okay
okay and now for a Liz's favorite part
lipstick yes what did we do first
there's so many choices
oh no I can't I need to check and I'm
going to try this two-tone lipstick
first what that's right not very good at
it so we hope you do a lot of once
please okay how they did a half line say
okay
and we have our own Barbie oh no like
whoa look at that whoa that is a unique
looking lipstick
first instinct well we know another horn
show up it just do yellow I can't relate
to the yellow I think I did to make it
all the same color yeah well interesting
the next choice is ooh interesting
which one do you want um I'll take
purple and we're told you want me to
have look okay thank you for this one
we'll both put our lipsticks on and then
we'll look in the red at the same time
okay it's all good yeah do not those all
good
is that a deal we can both look at the
same time okay okay look Oh after kind
of pretty like pink I think it looks
good it is ey this is very interesting
looking just interesting what do you
think um well maybe we should rethink
how do i look with blue lips with us I
look pretty vaguely is like very really
good I don't know that there's a blue
color I live and those white keys oh no
all right not right you would look a
little normal and hearing will like
you're from and yeah yeah lipstick on
your teeth
hey you looking for different ideas for
the next one I'm going to do orange and
Alyssa is going to do blue we're going
to not look each other and we're going
to put it on and then we'll see each
other and I realized I shall have blue
lips I've got like this growth glued it
on my lips hope little look at with
orange
I hope okay here we go okay on the count
of three we're going to avoid looks like
one Suzy oh well are you really bad
what is that a blue
oh it's a black absolutely hurt like
last time yes I like my orange it's
orange e1p em straight black like you
actually look pretty good without mine I
like it I like the purple he's dumb
I still have looks like I might be I
can't get away from that clearly but I
like the purple it's my favorite so far
I like to read it's interesting the
roads really sparkly okay we haven't
seen each other right yep okay ready bet
okay
oh my gosh the police to have a piece of
it ah this is supposed to be a dark
purple but I think it looks like yours
looks really good though it looks like I
know like how pretty that looks
I like that color on you like a gold I
like that one me on the other hand not
so oh my god let's kind of evil life is
embarrassing even for degree position
well I like you so well I actually like
this one because I'm telling where this
one yours a little big star
it's like brown yeah look Howard I was
thinking too
I like mine though you look really cute
like a pink you do I did I did this
entire who is my favorite one so far is
actually this one that you did which was
asked me do I like this one a lot this
look look pretty okay okay do we have
any more we might have like one more to
try
like it looks pretty going on you know I
think you look over the blips thanks and
with it looks great I like it Vijay I'm
scared here goes the next one ready set
go
whoa-oh we want this pretty cool huh
I like Harry I like interesting I like
it
Thanks very creative Alyssa's got this
nice interesting pink color on I guess
um and now I'm going to make it look
even more interesting and let's see what
I did - Olaf is lit whoa oh gosh let's
get a close look at that Oh hold on
it looks cool right this or that well
this was pretty fun you guys about I
think we definitely make it a tradition
yeah every August we go to beautycon and
we'll try on all these interesting
colors then we would never wear in real
life yeah
I can't get over how where's the red bar
picture there
oh I like your Bogart almost like
leopard print lipstick it looks
interesting anyway guys we will see you
next Monday on mommy Monday where we
will not be wearing crazy lipstick never
again
no not ever again well maybe sometimes
yeah hold it again okay well do have not
yes
okay bye for real bye
