there's the world's largest thermometer
guess what guys we're going on a road
trip thanks the cinnamon toast crunch
for sponsoring families like ours on a
fun road trip
we love the suggestions you shared on
the Family Fun Pack Facebook page for
our road trip and we might have even
used one of the video so be sure to keep
watching it looks like Chris got an idea
from Zach so good I can tell everyone's
gonna respond okay oh gosh cereal you
have to hold you are you trying to make
me smile and you say I don't want to
right now I knew you had one we're
finally on the road and in case you guys
are wondering where we're going we're
heading to CVX live it's a YouTube
conference and it's in Utah so it's
gonna take us a couple days to get there
but it should be an interesting trip for
us
it's 109 degrees outside and Owens
crying but we don't want to stop all the
times there okay that's too hot so back
back there trying to see if we can make
it to the next red stop I brought my
pump so I'm just pumping some milk out
for Owen right now while we're driving
and I'm gonna feed it to him when we
stop we stop so we can see the world's
largest thermometer there it is behind
you Michael it's super tall the twins
are impressed
we're just cuddling
isn't he a cute baby okay we're all
buckled in sugar those cute little toes
you just checked into our hotel room
there's a list of washing your hands
then where is Devi I'm gonna guess that
in here oh there they are you guys have
fun did you see the view pretty cool
view huh
so now we're here at our hotel we're
making some dinner is a very late dinner
but Owens over here we brought his bed
from home so he's enjoying himself
that's a good night good night good
morning everybody
how'd you guys sleep good
oh it's getting in a quick little nap
before we leave
finally ready to leave huh we took our
sweet time getting ready today and I
just got your Liberty guys we stopped to
eat a little snack and give Owen
something to eat because he's getting a
little fussy
the kids are pointing out that there's
some birds flying in here I don't think
we can see them but but they're up there
there's the bird right there that's
super yummy it's pretty hot outside huh
very cool the best ones definitely the
sparkly ones that's the best one for
licit right there oh so cute but would
you like it say yes
oh nice there's all our stuff as you
guys can see we just got to our hotel
for tonight everybody's getting their
energy out all right well what kind of
bug is that some kind of interesting
worm and you happy to be out whoa that's
called a Murphy bed oh it was sad so
Zack is comforting him okay getting
ready for some dinner over here
I know we were starving
well we were at this door earlier we
picked up some masks so we're gonna try
these out which one do you wanna do I'm
gonna do the black one which Lee's
Heather the awesome blue one there you
go
okay we'll see you guys in a second we
convinced David to try masks he's doing
the pomegranate win the game like sec I
think I give all better than heaven but
I feel like I can't my lips together
very well I added some of mine -
Melissa's face let's get a good look at
you so she's got like two kinds of masks
on her face I'm gonna go find Chris cuz
he's the only one that hasn't seen my
face go gently in slow
I know Elissa to suckish cars do you
feel ready brushed well I guess I face
does feel cleaner but it also is like
burned from the mask I just it like you
can see I have like a line on my face
from the mask so I think my skin is too
sensitive to do that kind of stuff what
are you doing
looks like you're trying to feed
yourself some peas
well you really love Peas
oh yeah I'll be ready for bed oh he's
don't buy see bees don't buzzy thanos
okay we'll see everybody tomorrow we're
gonna keep on driving it's day three and
we are almost to our destination it's
super hot outside so we stopped to give
the kids a little break thanks everybody
has submitted their suggestions using
the crazy car cam hashtag because you
guys picked a park for us so at the park
do you guys wanna come get a snack
Cahill insulin I promised that I would
show in today's mommy Monday how
everybody fits in the car so as you can
see mommy and daddy are in the front
this is where Owens and I've got him
right now he's cuddling with me but he's
gonna go in a second and then Zach and
Kristin right there so they can play cuz
they get along really well
and Alissa and David are where they
always have been but Michael got a new
seat and he sits right by listen David
now huh do you like sitting back there
eventually we were thinking about having
Mike a little lista come up here by Owen
but for now this is how it goes that it
works well and then auntie he she is way
back there in the back pretty fun back
there isn't it super fun the hair is
really great you guys
and her baby okay it's time to answer
some questions from our fans the first
one comes from Claire who says do you
like to sing or dance more interesting
yes daddy says dance I prefer to sing
also does anyone prefer to dance none of
the new Zack Michael likes both okay
the next question comes from Melissa who
asks what instruments each of the kids
play what do you play Michael Michael
things Melissa what do you play yes
everyone plays the piano okay the last
question comes from Nate this is an
interesting question
what is the hardest thing about being a
kid that's a good answer
did you have another answer Alyssa
that's a good one
oh I don't like that either okay so
there's a couple of hard things for kids
