oh we're live okay everyone say hi we're
outside CVX here now you guys can say
hey I hold on I gotta actually show you
doesn't that come alone I used to be the
Delta Center yes the Lakers are
definitely our favorite oh we've got
some people say hello hello there's
everybody we're looking for all of you
guys
we're finally really live we've tried
going live like what like four times now
I've been trying and trying and trying
it every time like it's not working no
we have this cute thumbnail with Heather
in it
I was quiet it was cute but it wasn't
interesting yes I'm gonna show you now
ready there we are
we can walk we're gonna walk home let's
fancy people walk oh shoot I forgot the
line elegant people walk that's right
for being elegant
it's very hot outside or in Salt Lake
City
you guys are commenting so fast I can't
keep up this is awesome look at look at
all that everybody so nice I also have
the kids for you we love you too so
we're in Salt Lake City like I said it's
like well it wasn't our degrees now it's
not quite as hot but it's definitely
warm we're at hope there's back being
Tarzan
we were at a conference for our channel
we want we met a bunch of fans we had
some meet and greets we had three
meeting greets actually just hanging up
my cute baby
picking out sweet face he's just happily
being held and drooling on daddy but
he's just so cute yes we did meet Bert
Ely we are friends with them
sooo sweet Owen you're such a sweet baby
thank you have fun you gotta fix the
color of your shirt what do you want say
oh the gorilla rip down okay this is oh
wow this is classic we're crossing the
street we are gonna go out to eat hey
that was a rhyme myself for a second I'm
wearing a t-shirt this is my name shirt
it's kind of cute I got it here in Utah
there's a slight breeze which is good
but it is definitely warm outside is I
don't like to eat
okay let's see from Argentina
someone's from Argentina you want to say
hi come on Knots you could say something
else to them I don't know what tell them
that your favorite sister-in-laws me
they're walking on I'm like narrating
everything that's going on there we go
okay whoever the urgent ID is so state
even or they won't come
okay away from the man answer that
there's Alyssa walking up there and hear
a little fancy skirt she had the cutest
shoes on earlier and they were sparkly
and I mean bows super cute who has a
trading card to show did everybody have
fun oh we have these cool trading cards
and there's always a list of us the best
so these are all of our channels David
so go the source so tell families I'm
back that's us okay who else can you go
that's Alyssa for always a list I now by
the way
if you do not know about always Alyssa
you guys need to go subscribe to her yes
and we have another channel you guys
should be subscribing to and that is
what do the statement David what about
the channel that we put videos on 20
times all these subscribe to allens
really funny yes you guys gotta go
subscribe to twin time they're trying to
reach 100,000 subscribers they really
really want that yes and there's a
Michaels power
yeah it's gonna be awesome
someone's from Brazil someone said hey
listen so much from Venezuela cool
interesting view we have here check it
out oh it again Michaels watt has be
friend
oh you're be friend always comes to
visit love Mike that's so nice are you a
little bit shy she's blue mustache she's
sending a tray looks so cute blue
mustaches are the best mustaches to have
clear with the best
somebody says twin time that's good okay
I'm gonna check the subscriber count
when I get to my hotel but I'm gonna see
I love the nerf war - sorry I saw that
comment I'm gonna see how many of you
guys subscribes a twin time while we are
gone yes
also you needed Weston Airport video
someone just said that they said they
loved our nerf video our nerf videos are
so good you're like my favorite like yes
okay so I like a lot of our videos but I
think our nerf videos are really cool
first of all they're like my favorite
and the way that they're edited cuz
they're a little different than the
typical video and they're just unique
and they're fun and they're fun to watch
I just love those videos so
if you've not watched all the nerf
videos we've got the pirate one we've
got the parents versus kids where we use
water and then we've got a couple indoor
ones anyway the most recent like three
are just like the best I love them so
that's that and also my kid size cooking
that we just did two days ago
apple pie moment tell me how they were
so good I love it
yes they're like a really really good
food mat what do you think were they
good it's just too hot here okay he
wants to change the subject it's hot
here put the apple pie bonds I haven't
seen the video yet century one no I
don't think so
he didn't oh I guess I ain't know I was
busy probably changed her diapers and
editing the twins video maybe maybe so
okay I guess ELISA and myself and
Heather just ate all of them cuz they
were that good
looks like are they like this big
they're really good you guys watching
video you just videos we enjoy them
right ELISA we may done like four times
because they were so
yes we made them between filming videos
oh maybe next time you guys could save
one you know we could try there they're
slightly too good to share times and
what's in the middle apples yes and
caramel caramel and when you cook it
it's so dang good
oh boy
it is warm outside though definitely
ones from Michigan Cambodia Alyssa they
said your outfit is so cute um I guess
we technically have started a nerf war
series someone asked if we could start a
series and I feel like oh we could play
lists yeah we can make it for this
someone's from New Zealand Colin
now who's subscribed to twin time and
always Alyssa tell me I would love to
see who's subscribed and if you have
what should they leave you they could
leave you an emoji yeah they could look
at the pineapple emoji if they subscribe
to Alyssa maybe most of the leave for
twin time Oh someone's calling daddy
whoo baby phone twin time then poop
emoji
well they do like to poop emoji so I
guess I don't work why don't we do that
there's my netball oh all you guys are
subscribed oh look at you guys
Cambodia
yesterday we had to okay you guys better
subscribe to the twins and Alyssa with
the poop yes there we go this up emojis
oh there's both my nipples amp of emojis
you guys are awesome and we're getting
complicated now what about what some
that we did last night we went to an ice
cream party and it had a ton of flavors
of ice cream and it was so much over the
poop real poop on the ground woah oh
that was close yes the best flavor of
ice cream I thought was they had this
pecan wound it was like pecan and
caramel it was good I'm lactose
intolerant so I had to eat a lot of
lactaid in order to eat that ice cream
you like the mint yeah would you put on
yours first you sure caramel
shoppers Europe wrinkles and whipped
cream yes
now remind everybody who's just kind of
cook who's just coming on what are we
putting the emojis for if you subscribe
to my channel
we'll just play which is called always
ELISA put a pineapple or a fox emoji if
you subscribe to 20 channels then to a
poop emoji yes then we're getting a lot
of emojis right now this is pretty thing
awesome you guys look at this
you guys ready to see this look David
looks like an Chris people are giving
emojis they're giving a poop emoji if
they're subscribe this win time and
they're giving a pineapple look at that
it wasn't for you they're giving a
pineapple throw scrub strive to Alyssa's
channel everybody is saying that - you
guys look easy see those those are for
you guys what do you say thanks yeah
what do you think date yeah you guys got
some pretty awesome people
more and more coming in look at all that
pretty much everybody there comes a lot
more I'm trying to read all these
there's so many comments I cannot keep
up with them
more and more and more someone says they
had to Owen someone says hi
well you're the best they give you some
flowers Sam Caden says hi
if you said you're not that means you
better go do it I'm taking my time yes
Alyssa they said you're so pretty that's
my brother in the background they love
our outfits thank you in the beginning
of this live feed I said how I got my
shirt brand-new and I was excited to
wear it today and Alyssa
let's show a close-up of yours here it's
really cute
it's got like all that in the camera
this is all sparkly and cute skirt and
she had really cute shoes on earlier but
she switched them but she's looks cute
in that oh my gosh we're like going
uphill and the heat it's like in the 90s
or something it's so hot
oh my god a breath doing this sheesh we
are gonna go dinner after this we're
going to get hamburgers and then we're
gonna get cookie dough yeah we found
some places that sell cookie dough and
cooking was really good so we're gonna
get that here's my brother me too this
is his wife they had their very first
stage experience today they were on
stage with us because our kids could not
come and we had to like do a thing and
so yeah it was fun right guys
very first experiment the kids
you guys did a good job I was actually a
little nervous but I could tell she was
a little nervous a little on the spot
but it was fun we had fun the kids were
eating it was like 1 o'clock and we
didn't get breakfast until 1 o'clock so
no this is not my brother's kid he is
pushing my stroller yes and inside the
stroller
nothing is empty yes cuz daddy's all
know the cute little baby over there
yeah 1 o'clock p.m.
look we're still getting pineapples
don't forget you're giving me a pint up
oh they even give you a fox they said
we're saying pineapples for Alyssa if
you're subscribed to Alyssa's channel
poop emoji if you're subscribed to the
twins channel and yes the toy school is
awesome because daddy films it and Danny
Amundsen he does such a great route of
the whole thing he does a great job with
their channel I'm just not the talent
like they are he does a great job
somebody asked how we like Salt Lake I
do like salt like a lot I like the nice
place there's some fun Oh a cute little
dog in their car it's nice and
wintertime yes that was probably not
much fun the coldest what he says she
loves twin time somebody sent you a fox
oh he's hugging he's hugging then it's
oozing up in David's channel we will be
definitely asking for subscribers for
David's channel hum buddy yeah yeah yes
they said they love all of us someone
give a poop and if I know pull someone's
from Rhode Island
someone said they're crying hopefully
that was a joy too wet in a wild that'd
be fine I don't know why it is now
someone's name is Chris so much oh hi
Alyssa and Owen is so handsome
Oh leave the big long walk the long walk
in the heat for a little baby in fact I
feel like I still don't think it's
Lincoln so we're not saying seriously
like 9700 Springs a meetin you don't
know oh yeah there's Michael and it's
cute little shirt we're almost back to
our hotel and look at that there is the
shuttle that was supposed to be taking
us on right there to walk by but they
took a really long time we didn't want
to wait that long Owens outfit is
adorable I think somebody might have
noticed it but it's so cute he's got a
little tie who's the best in advance you
can't really see it but he's got like
it's a bow tie and a vest it's so cute
okay we're finally here that wasn't too
long that took us what 16 minutes to
walk to our hotel with a little exercise
so we can go eat it's always good
exercise and thank you so much you guys
are so sweet
everyone subscribing to Alyssa's channel
everyone's subscribing to o to the twins
and someone so Michael help
potty-trained their child that is so
great to hear I absolutely love hearing
you tell us that our videos help you
guys out and when I help your kids out I
really really love to hear that so thank
you for leaving that comment
how old is Raven kkona kkona is 8 min
Hana is 1 she just had her first
birthday we're thinking about doing a
doggie birthday party but we haven't
decided what I'm sorry so we do my
sister's has a Travel Channel it's
called groan trouble it's a good there
are some people who already subscribe to
mine or superfans they told me yeah so
heather has her tune
so yeah how old is Owen he's 2 months
old so here's the hotel you guys can
check it out
there is we're just getting on the
elevator but letting out first going up
after he gets up will get on all righty
back in Chris are seven right yes
