it's really good hey everybody hey for
mommy Monday we're going to get some
really severe we realize they're running
out of gas that we stopped to get gas
and of course my dad loved to wash one
field so that's what he's doing right
now
are you eating crackers there you go
tomato slice chicken
oh there's a chubby-cheeked little boy
which if any of you wants to be awake or
asleep right now
we made that stop quick and we're back
on the road there's a really cool
building there that
all right
some people look this right back at it
syndra is so cool it's like more than
one yeah it's like a forest that grows
or is it good this is good
digging in the shaft animal oh you
isolate moley bananas
disgusting and you look at sticking on
my food as many of these things out you
can but once while you spin it off
program started on
oh we're opening some brand-new toys you
like the pizza guy you like all the guys
I got all of them hold them don't have a
lot of friends on yeah Michael just to
think I love every single thing so cute
Oh
what if I fall down the trash now I need
to put a chin
I'm guessing smallpox okay here we go
guys what a daughter you done yeah
speeds test you you're eating moly food
yeah is it good yummy
Michael are you gonna join Michael
thinks it actually is gross this is
going to try it
he took it it look good you're like a
cracker
there's a good or grow back is going to
try to catapult pizza guy into that and
crash it over ready oh oh
that was cool I do
we changed owen because it was so hot
outside
now we fuck in the nanny
the kids are about to dig into this
dodgy doughnut good lot of toys in there
huh holy feet
look at those dirt under steam that one
little cute asian boy you'll notice is
that one of our children is not getting
that messy well - it's more like
actually peel one hand yes we've got two
very clean children and three that don't
mind getting dirty
okay back for just whispers David okay
go Wow dad you look great oh my gosh of
waiting so many touch oh my god no help
you
oh my god dad chasing Alisa we had a lot
of fun at the movie premiere and now
we're out to eat but you guys think of
it
everybody liked it yeah what was your
favorite part
I'll ask you County had the big comfy
seat I like you liked the clean game
don't you I like this cute old exactly
my favorite is the to be pleasures Oh
mine is they're not twins
I like a piece we do oh I'm so
comfortable so cute you looking too good
something you guys had your own little
table we've got the whole place to
ourselves here daddy and Trey he's
looking at something out the window and
me and Heather and Michael and I spent a
not even Owens enjoying his lunch - you
love them who can tell
look at it looking at you Michael what
is this me Michael bid are really nice
coloring page let's see Michael did you
color those which one did you sell are
sure which ones I did em Kiki come on
Valerie Nera main sheet then what did
you color all the good side power to
just a lot of hours those are eyes for
the pineapple or lake to the pineapple
Wow Monica your head color okay we're on
the way home now oh and fast asleep
oh look at that Brown oh that is cute
are you sad
everybody's worried about him stop
drowning is insane
he got home safely I'm just I'm buckling
Michael here
daddy's going to carry him in the house
unless he wakes up
nope he's definitely asleep it's seven
for us Santa selected from you guys the
first question comes from crystal and
she wants to know who do you guys think
Owen looks like the most Seoul assassins
her and Michael I hear twice the best
person here is that David - I think he
does that mean - so everyone thinks he
looks like okay I think that Ellen looks
a lot like ELISA and Chris and Michael
and I think he looked a little bit like
me when I was a baby because I was
really really bald like he looks big
blue eyes so that's what I think about
what do you think everyone says our kids
all the places come on
yeah we're all yeah yeah
Madeira wants to know what great
everybody is going in I'm Lourdes for
I'm in second and Michael will be in
preschool
the next push is do we prefer chocolate
vanilla or twist on our ice cream quick
flex play vanilla
yeah vanilla for Alyssa twist for David
Chris what did you say hot chocolate hmm
that's a good hard question I like all
of them
but I also like a mole separate so I
don't know why'd you say Michael
pineapple michael prefers pineapple
thanks for watching our video
