thank you hi everybody it's mommy Monday
and today we're going to making two
gifts to a convention and then Mike
we're going to be taking a look like at
our shop and you know why is my hair wet
even Michaels noticing the mommy turns
always lit in the videos mommy's hair is
wet because she washes it but this group
that I take care of myself now looks
peaceful
yeah likewise a cut yeah that got a
haircut that's all I can bowl all day
can't tell me L candy oh using ten Oh
someone's calling us can you there you
go
don't grab the Kong you ready to go okay
and just to keep it real on the way out
of the house we still got birthday stuff
all over the floor in the house is still
pretty much a mess but you know what
we're happy and we're having fun so I'm
just letting the house go for a while
because it's more important that we
cherish all these little memories and
these times with baby
LM before you gross say we can clean the
house later right yeah we're going to go
have fun instead right now we'll clean
later it's been about 20 minutes we're
finally in the car this is the temporary
seating arrangement at least for now
we've got Alice ended where they used to
be
Michael's not in the very back come to
your car seat Michael and then we have
Michael sitting up here as one of the
twins and the baby right here so we can
reach him so work is done even have
shoes but we've packed them so come on
once they've already put the baby and
it's a little bit tricky to get over
there but likely Michael can fit easily
and we're off even though we only have
one more kid it sure feels like it takes
a lot more work to go places these days
oh did we disturb you over there yeah we
can bring him one I think it it's super
hot outside today it's in the 90 we've
got two strollers today all right we're
heading in hot today isn't it it's nice
yeah looks like my kids found their
favorite area
I like it which is like a beautiful
rainbow of insurance isn't it Oh dogs
nice gorgeous cuddling hey we love the
cuddle
oh you're gonna try pretty quick little
frog you're right yes I hear zing and
then there's a tough luck it is there to
grow and then it's a full fist on
but you get that slow song
come on
this is so interaction to the circle
divide it is the one two three four five
pieces so if you take out one there's
one Christmas
Oh
are you guys doing oh oh you're dead
you're bouncing money
all right
I guess
Oh
what do you think Michael the call you
got loaded I was like Halloween we're
back at the car
Oh innate a couple times and now he's
back asleep oh look at them he's kind of
Tyler wait did you guys have fun so far
today
me too I used to get what my guitar we
think I hope more purple hair look like
so they didn't turn something in line
right yeah so I'm ordering it online and
it'll be here but not for yes until
this car by the time we leave music I
let go you guys would like on the list
are look at all the models lines after
sizing
this is Yankee what do you think legal
to the island
I know you like these like young Winnie
I like this oh good my husband buy it
we're shopping for Emily versus a old
video right now it's too much good give
me something here nozzle from another
video about it
excitement timeout we're trying out all
campuses is not a really big sale in
fact the money we know again we ran our
people thing in
right out there boys are like different
ended up
we want anything that goes on our hand
oh I'm gonna fix that we are buying some
yummy so what about dental I remember
buying that thing it's all mundane you
put our arms and baby whines I know No
so your body's been like for good you
guys really
good right
so yummy
