oh you gotta give me five good shot
buddy Oh what happened to your tooth
Chris we're going on our first few
minutes you guys excited let's go boys
only today we're going to go pick up top
on hey guys so what do you guys think of
the view going up into the mountain
vikrum I need jackets soon what do you
think boys hopper came along with us
here's Papa over here we had to stop
again because of this amazing sunset we
had to stop because what did we just see
guys that was amazing it went right up
over this little cliff ran off you guys
excited to be here yeah super excited
because I'm scared Cody saw mountain
lions yeah it's a little cold here
it's like 48 degrees we need to get our
jackets on hon David will put on some
long pants and jackets here soon well
let's go find a place to put our tent
does that sound good let's go so I got
out this tent to heaven used in years
we're going to try and set it up now and
sleep in it
how's that taste buddy oh yeah do you
love s'mores finally got a tent set up
took quite a while I'm here it is inside
go stand inside Chris let's show them
how big it is that's all the way we were
here so the kids are roasting
marshmallows no not that ones everybody
do you good I love it fuck there's David
over there
hey Zack oh it looks like you got it on
fire I know I love when it it's
delicious
okay we're going to bed
there's Chris down there and Dax going
upon the left right over here
and here's David's pond right here pop I
was sleeping in this nice cot
why didn't I think of that and I'm going
to sleep right here this is why I
couldn't sleep all night
yeah super windy huh
yeah Billy would be like right right now
don't like your temps gonna blow away
yeah good thing daddy's laying over here
on the side and pop it laying on the
other side if we'd be rolling across you
can't say whoa look at that
coming off the ground I don't think any
of us left much last night person David
switched spots so that first wouldn't
have to sleep by the side the rain just
won't stop will it go breakfast go in
here
Chris did you have a good breakfast good
what else just pancakes just like Papa's
got some good pancakes going all kind of
stuff over here okay pancakes bacon
through muffins mmm that looks yummy I'm
going to have to get some of that here's
our campsite
here's where we slept right over there
buns pie we've been awake for about an
hour and a half it's only eight 23 I
don't think any of us got much sleep it
was so windy I thought we're going to
die the tank kept almost blowing over a
bit here kind of animal now I'm looking
for the kids they're off hiking
somewhere hopefully close to camp they
look behind this fence up here if
they're over this little hill maybe
they're over here okay so apparently I
was going the wrong way kid they're
looking for coyotes over here because
they supposedly saw one this morning
looks that huge tree
Wow yes I just walked down this big
going down this trail still don't see
David or Zach we're going to go back up
to campus see if they're back there
Nestle because I did see a lot of cool
trees falling down even saw some yucca
right up there didn't find the boys but
I saw yucca plant and some other cool
stuff look at the size of this pinecone
almost as big as my head look like twins
huh got these nice little bathrooms here
there's nothing right have twelve paper
in there David back which I prefer
- Bryn Selenia hold our friends the keys
use key we go to pretty deep sorry okay
and they're lying jack cogs endure are
you kidding
I'm not an ayah babies could be in there
or not right oh good looks like Zacks
with them as you guys go one of them I
can like rockin printer you kind of bear
print he kind of tadpole yeah but it was
over there did you put it back in the
water oh good that's nice
well don't you mean with that okay we've
got a soda can over there someone had
this morning and we're going to attempt
to shoot it with the slingshot and there
is our target
hi sorry fog
good shot those clothes okay David's
turn
oh goody hits a tree over there oh oh
you gotta give me five good shot buddy
Chris you ready to go Zach you're all
wet did you play in the lake or
something okay well we got to hit the
road we've got baseball games today Kay
let's say bye to your friends we have to
go now okay all right guys so we got
everything tied down in the truck all
the tents bag sleeping bags and chairs
and we're ready to go hey what was your
favorite part of camping guys I'm
definitely not sleeping not sleeping I
don't think any of us left much no you
sleep dad it was the most interesting
night's sleep I've had in my entire life
I feel like we're fighting with the wind
the whole time pushing that time yeah
how about you back what did you like I
like uh
the screen shot and I liked the fire the
fire respond hi could I got 15 response
five shocking scenes they made smores
last night huh am I very fit parlours
any shots two million lines okay well
yeah er walking do umpires on you Doug I
caught a snake last night one of your
friends make yeah you know it's fun oh
just me oh good Chris what did you like
good well you guys ready to go nuts in
baseball games they can hurry and buckle
alrighty
see a road down there here's the boys
throwing rocks into the canyon what do
you think of the view Chris looks nice
up here huh - guys like the mountains
here we are going down the road once we
got off to free we had to drive to 20
26 miles off of the road so we've got it
23 miles or so on this mountain road was
there to go Chris you know what's right
up there on top of that Ridge what
you're right that is that's our campsite
way up there by where those trees are
there's a crew right behind me they
maintain the trails here there they go
look at that they've got all this
equipment and tools and everything it's
like a fun job check out that view David
what do you think that's amazing you see
that road way up there man how would you
like to be driving on that and these
mountains look like we're in Hawaii or
something can the edge to go back to
Hawaii want to go to Hawaii I do
exactly be back there no one really got
much sleep last night
how do you guys feel tired yeah me too
well just sleep my bud that's the last
time on
hey and went for that now we're all home
and we all smell like camping and
campfires so we all need it about you
guys have fun
