hi guys cookie
today we're going to be making cupcake
we made our cupcakes are frosting
earlier so the cupcakes wouldn't be too
hot and today in our video we're going
to show you guys how to make the fun pot
of gold filling we're gonna start by
cutting a one-inch hole in the middle of
a cupcake but don't eat it cuz of ideas
now we're gonna give the extra crumbs
out and this part you can eat I'm gonna
help the boys do this as they're a
little bit younger than Alyssa maybe not
as good at using a knife so we're gonna
cut this little hole and we're gonna
pull it out like that
then we're gonna clean it out a little
extra and pull the extra stuff out but
we don't go all the way down we just go
like halfway down
we're gonna cut off the bottom part like
this so we have room for the pot of gold
inside
Michael is helping hehe good job Michael
you did a good job
well it looks good all the kids are
getting a couple M&Ms now
now the kids are gonna fill the center
of their cupcake with a special M&M
treat
you know they'll put your caps on so
take that my little piece oh you did it
look at that
and no one's even gonna know that
there's a special surprise treat inside
right yes it's pretty cool huh you can
put other things inside cupcakes right
what what ku put in it all right
fudge would be good what else pasta
weird that's what I was thinking putting
frosting whipped cream you could put all
kinds of things inside a cupcake right
super good
okay who knows what the next step is
decorate apply a gentle pressure
there you go michael says you're doing a
good job
Zac I noticed there's some frosting in
your hair yes I don't know how that
happened perfect that's perfect
good
who's that Yomi they see you eating one
of my rainbows the next thing we're
gonna do is we're gonna put our rainbows
on the top this is gonna be a fun part
so you bend your rainbow enough and you
stick it in your frosting there he goes
let's check on David looks good oh I
like that Zac cool now for the mini pot
of gold you have two options you can
either cut out the top of your candy
here in order to kind of make a stick
inside with the caramel this is a Rolo
or you can put frosting on the top like
that we're gonna probably go with this
route because this one's showing the
green frosting and if you're a kid
trying this at home make sure you ask
your parents for help whenever you're
using a knife so it's putting the little
tiny gold balls inside the pot of gold
then it's gonna be rich pot of gold
monster golden learn to be so much room
can be rich read those kilt must take a
little gold medallions
your frosting looks so good Zach you did
such a great job
but I hear Michael crunching are you
eating he just can't help himself we're
all finishing up our little tiny pots of
gold in the very last step is to take
your tiny pot of gold and put it at the
end of your rainbow looks good okay
let's get a good luck
there's Alyssa's very nice especially
the frosting in your hair okay Chris
lots and lots of gold David everyone
says theirs is the best but that is good
though it is good
Michael is yours the best I notice it
looks cute though he put gold everywhere
that's really nice who had fun with this
there's still something left to do
though well besides just eating we need
to do a very special cut so we need to
find one and cut it down the middle so
we can see the surprise
Wow look at all that okay we're gonna
cut this one up and see how it looks
there it is all the treasure look
there's my treat
did I taste good you guys Wow it looks
like it was yummy it's so the frosting
is good Heather did a great job good job
were you able to find the hidden
pineapple in today's video if you did be
sure to leave a comment with the hashtag
hidden pineapple so we can choose you
for fan of the week
