hi guys it's a lender from tsunamis mom
passed yes that's right me
Hey li SS ELISA hi today's video is all
about me you may be able to tell this
because I was sitting in my beautiful
pink room which we assessed on my first
at my favorite color is pink I'm 10
years old and I'm the oldest of six kids
and I bet you can't believe that five
those kids are boys but I don't really
find because brothers are really fun to
have look how cute this is me man I'm
the baby I love love love
thank you a lot of heavy a lot of
pineapples this is a little shopkins
pineapple and I made this pineapple on
my channel here's the pineapple backpack
that I have and I always wear it here's
another pineapple backpack I love music
I play the clarinet piano and I also
sing my favorite foods are pineapple and
salmon one of my favorite animals in the
song I really like to build cool Lego
stuff like these dragons when I grew up
I really want to wear this animal like a
zookeeper
I love playing soccer I played for five
years here's some of my trophies and
medals my favorite candy is gracious and
welcoming my favorite books are boxed
our children my favorite things to wear
are skirts and dresses I've got quite a
few skirts I also have quite a few
dresses I love the ocean and my favorite
movie is Moana my favorite place to go
is Daniel and I love to accessorize
purchase headbands bracelets necklaces
yes please I also have my own YouTube
channel it's called always a mess up be
sure to watch it I love this plan
I love having spa days
I love to do art my favorite games are
battle different monopoly mostly
battleship because I always win bonus
fact I love being a big sister I hope
you guys liked learning a little more
about me leave me a comment below to
tell me a factor that you maybe we have
something in common
thanks for watching PS please me a
thumbs up please
