hi everybody
today's I was too weak baby update say
hi to the world oh is he he's about to
pick on his first little baby foot
massagers ocean you're supposed to enjoy
them yeah Chris can we try oh I think
you just like little big but tiny deep
social Rodriguez little goes way that is
basically your hard to to enjoy your me
right by hearing goes it shows up
ticklish to to your arms around a little
drive from salsa motion
bring it put a knife Andy well over for
the key
this is how unlike suspended a kindly
with mommy so Owens lost a little bit of
plate
he weighs 8 pounds 1 ounce and he was
April 13 ounces when he was born so we
are some missing him which isn't
anything new for us I've had trouble
producing a lot of milk in the past for
all of our babies so I've been pumping
as much as I can and I'm proud of myself
because I've been able to get 2 ounces
out and for me that's a lot so he's
eating that and he's eating his
supplements and he's sleeping a couple
hours at a time at night Matt's the one
getting up with a mess on here and
talked about it but he gets up with him
every night so that I can get a good
night's sleep which is so nice
Owen seems to really like music and we
put music around him he seems to really
enjoy it
he loves it like your first can always
stop crying there's a star for you both
of you love to divert
I think he's a little bit hungry right
now if you can wait here I don't know my
glass can when he gets older whose
favorite was Oh is first favorite person
is mommy
oh and second favorite person is me I
know a certain person is Kiki I've been
noticing lately that Owens looking at
the time I think it's really cute but
mommy doesn't because she never wants
him to grow up just love bassinet it's
swings vibrates you sleep so much as
quickly yeah he plays left mad at night
and he recognizes our voices because
they say a 2-week baby can recognize
different pieces yeah well I was
starting to get a little bit of fuzzy
it's time for him to eat again but that
was just too weak okay oh we are so in
love with them we just are so young to
have him by the tail yeah
