hi today we're going to be doing a quiz
I get John yeah very very fun we're
going to see if you can read each
other's mom these are twins right I know
thank you
can you read each other's money we have
three rounds we're going to do the first
round is gonna be picking clothes in so
you're going to pick an outfit source or
shirt like whatever it and then here we
can come back out and then yet see if
you got to see yes the second round is
going to be food the third round is
going to be toys are you guys ready to
get started we've set up two separate
vendors at this one so they can't see
what the other one is going to pick so
here's the clothing there's the food
choices and there's the toy choices
here's the second mushroom with the same
clothes the same food choices and the
same choices in the same order are you
guys ready to get started yeah okay go
ahead
why you pick that up it and Tempe get
there in my favor
Pikachu rings - all right let's find
outfit number two so tell me how you
guys could drop it I'm left because it's
long I did get that one bitch alright
okay let's go pick number three - Shruti
my laptop so soft
whoo we had one extra outfits we still
have a choices
I think it's fine that time to spit out
what and its left and what you guys I'll
do a drawing challenge okay you'll come
back to back and you'll draw something
on your shirt yep and we'll see you guys
job painting I got to draw stuff in it
ladies welcome there you should draw on
each other instead oh there you go I
think it says we move on to the food
portion of this show pick your bigger
food of all of those in your room
oh I love them credits easy answer them
orange and I love you fat cousin shots
we're into girls
good I'm looking at my favorite I'll
discuss it my lips serous odor good I
discussed it yeah I like this one
because because I put cheese in that
dress Haley dip it in the deepest
treasure on a track and either at a show
good we're adding your one action item
to their situation is my favorite did I
just it you cuz they're really good
mr. rat sauce it's hot and juicy it is
so good I can't do like justice to the
took all my answers so I am reading the
Rhonda here brain bad news next is the
toy run let's go
I picked this first because I like this
game because how long it is and I left
the city
I left the stinking elasticity to air
mattress super long sinking please
welcome Alice and a lesson in monopoly I
I'm not content is no control and it's
go wherever one spin school cut it I'm
not mine because it can shoot
I like my cookies cookers raden had
coastering we all in it said and I like
it could Chris gives me some rides in it
all the time it's fun I like it because
I like space monsters
did you guys with their own one
I love Pikachu because it's my favorite
Pokemon I'm some cookies my favorite Amy
s Thunderbolt Pikachu and he's done
school
well let's challenge a pretty good dusty
yeah I think these eat up really well
yes we can't pass this one you guys
think you guys are sidekicks
I just took this acid glutamate it was
morning yeah this is your
because you're twins yeah flip twinge he
lit up not here but one guys stay for
watching
