everybody portable from the hospital
become our little baby with us we're so
happy the kids are thrilled and we have
not had a chance at all look at the
footage from our birth log and we've
been dying to share something with you
guys so today we're going to share his
name with you guys it was a good birth
the labor went pretty well in long but
it was messing with this one yet and our
shortest I think I don't know probably
maybe it felt long to me but but it went
really well so I was about to have the
baby and they told everyone in the room
we could take videos and I was like L so
don't worry we recorded anyway we just
pretended we were taking pictures but
really we're taking didn't even know
even look like this big camera with a
microphone what's up
so in the birthing room I had math of
course I had my mom I had Auntie Kiki
and Auntie Laura and we are also like
about to house baby and they said Laura
can't today and so she was really
disappointed and then things went so
quickly as I don't think they realized
she was still there so I ended up being
able to have all four of them in not
just three people and then after the
baby was born the kids came to visit us
a couple hours later and when they got
there they said only three kids can come
in and I'm like how do you pick three of
your five kids so my mom went out and
talked to them of course I let all my
students because it's only there that
was only too weird part the other bad
part of this experience is honestly it
was so perfectly smooth that I would
like shocked so they went so well given
my previous birth experiences the bad
part was the people that were doing IVs
and needles they were just horrible I
mean I have these giant bruises like all
up and down my arms
they had to poke this arm I think at
least four times and they've hoped it
was bad yeah holding still she had
Christine's arm out in the air
yes I love using my arms down she's like
moving the needle arm dances but it was
worse but I've got a big bruise here I
have I nail toes all over my arms and
then this one's gotta been drilled over
here it's bad just tape everywhere more
holes like right here
so yeah so the worst part of the whole
thing was getting two IDs on Isabella
probably one of us worst so um he's
healthy he's perfect
we're excited to share his birth story
with you guys and I'm going to hope like
it's not very very soon but in the
meantime the kids have been dying to
share his name with you guys and I know
everyone's been asked the number one
thing would you finally name him because
it was a hard decision for us trying to
pick the perfect name it would look like
a baby and it would match with a family
and everything so we're gonna let the
kids play advises name are you guys
ready to show everybody his name yeah
okay one two three ah
oh it is a very cute name and he's a
very cute baby nice lesson I voted for
heat which is short for Heather but Owen
is a close second I love Owen too
baby I was on cuz he's killin champions
the best baby ever has opportunity order
so cute you know Christine the only time
I was ever happier was when you were
gone
oh that was like what about me no I'm
his favorite
clearly though what are you guys instead
of I'm same Owen I love that our top
name choices in case you guys are
wondering were Jack Jacobs scheduler
like Jacob Howard's members
yes Bennet I know yep those are our top
five in G so we took the one that we
like the best I think it's the perfect
name I love it I think he looks like a
little oh and I'm so excited and for
those of you guys because when were
trying to get the weight and height
that's going to be in the first vlog so
very soon we're going to have the first
vlog well you guys are going to finally
meet him and see him I might put a
couple videos up in between now and the
birth blog in case I don't have time to
edit but it's going to be coming I can't
wait for you guys to you very soon bye
