we got well the kids are looking through
all the mail I'm miss playing guys where
everything came from so the countries
are New Zealand Ireland Netherlands
Australia England Canada Croatia the
United Arab Emirates Sweden Norway
Georgia the country
Northern Ireland and the Philippines and
then was in the United States we have
Virginia Missouri Tennessee Georgia
Texas California North Carolina Alabama
Illinois Florida Pennsylvania Ohio
Michigan New York Iowa Oklahoma Montana
Colorado Nevada Maryland New Jersey
Connecticut Washington and Indiana
that's a lot of places our guys yeah all
right there's one more country to go to
come out go into the country to some
common guys Court of us definitely all
right look how cute
England Arizona the risk logo
there's a letter with it but thank you
this is from Australia is danger oh
that's one boy Suzie just wanna kill a
cool look it is no cure in Chinese
response
zapping Kratos are most are on a puzzle
them small for new babies yeah yeah
I've never seen big ones like this yeah
let's work it says kiss me sometimes
from New York game is Jack Michael prick
hey baby mine yeah ELISA oh look at this
beautiful it's avoiding oh you guys look
out you look at this
oh hey from North Carolina look at some
like all her mom and dad oh this is from
kya kya a bunch of free yeah Oh brunch
in brothers what there will be Mickey
Mouse Eric and Amy this is from Canada
of that Michael hey Rick oh you're so
cute he's extended Delroy mine forever
oh oh you're just blueberry not hook
this isn't a very good five years old a
really nice handwriting this welcome
Pelham
from my side to be at me look what right
here and what you'll enjoy Shh boy
avenge all oh yeah just sit down Oh Paul
we got one of these in Jersey old I
won't actually caught one there - pretty
cool cuz cube Disney sisters and
business from Madison who wants to know
while your favorite color is pink blue
oh my let's play
I mean who's gonna take some great IBEW
oh nice letter
we're look at Nick Matty the car wasn't
that cute she said that she wrote this
letter on a snow day cuz she lives in
Massachusetts Oh daddy I think we
targeted for mommy
it's from my ball there's a couple
little sibling it's a pineapple and a
shopkin look I got a sign up help us at
all does a cute it's on something
feeling advice Oh is the world's largest
tennis for any full of all over this
 thing anyway thank you making it
hot and so there's time you know
accessorize babies being here I was like
amazing
oh what a sight man mr. Sakamoto Elsa is
cute our boys aw that's adorable
Alisa on for David suppose a was a
picture oh this for the display also you
guys don't hate eight years old that's
gonna cool
I'm gonna have some Legos Oh
oh my god forwards my god you're in
survival other people difficulty bondage
back there is a whole travel I love it
anion or look at Pikachu pictures read
the letters oh wow
Michael is a people in our community
that the Stormtrooper Michaels met Roger
oh man someone to you yes from AJ and
Izzy yeah yeah look at this beautiful
ring
man
you
don't forget if you want to do a little
letter back you when you send us
something you need to go to the
self-addressed stamped envelope that
means you have to have a stamp in the
corner it will work for us to mail
something to you from the United States
you
amen
you
