don't forget to subscribe to my youtube
channel
it's called always ELISA I would love to
have you there strongly hey everybody
today is my 39 week bump date and my
goal for today is just to get everything
ready so I can have this baby Michael
was so happy to see his B friend we're
right outside baby Zahra oh right we're
about to go inside and get the rest of
the stuff ready for a baby onesie so
look at this B Michael and the new baby
I suppose or - don't you get Michael
those are cute - Michael just scrapes
his knee and against the shopping cart
he barely touched it it's bleeding we're
going to go get him a band-aid
somehow it looks like it's two straights
honestly there's one there so how does
it happened Michael
we don't either when something sharp in
that shopping cart poor baby
are you okay no not yet
we will demanded for a second forgot the
political son okay some medicine
just in case tofu drink so good in there
and then days there it's all better do
you want to get that really bad are you
going to put it in our cart gonna try my
car keys roll in the Ganges water
Michael really wants to get this for the
baby we're relaxing in the chairs hung
Chris mommy's feet are tired and we have
all this stuff we've put in our cart
just explain what happened to listen
Michael yes that man is we suddenly have
Chris because ELISA and Michael with
Daddy because ELISA had her clarinet
lesson and now we're just going to go
through everything we picked out and
decide what we actually want and then
we're going to go buy it
let's goodness this is it for sure right
yeah doesn't look you pile all we're
doing is everything that we didn't get
for our baby shower we're scanning
because we can get a discount on it if
we have on our registry and then we're
going to go buy everything that we still
need well this is everything we're
getting is the full card of stuff but I
think our people are leaking all the
clothes we got and now I finally have to
get out this really comfortable chair
that I'm sitting in okie dokie so we're
all done and I have to tell you guys my
best deal of the day and here's my car
it's very cool and just for kicks here's
my belly
I definitely have a lg belly button
there
and I am planning on getting this play
yard for the baby it's like a little
bassinet thing you take along when you
go on a trip from the sleep in the hotel
room
but I found a sheet there for it and it
was marked at 698 but it rang out for
three cents so I got this really cute
little grand white sheet for three
pennies I was like why do you love the
day sorry I can't like to myself it's so
bright so I realize I'm like showing my
lips only or something but anyway you
can hear me at least yeah we're doing a
little out to eat what you get crisps
yummy this is mine and Heather she got
some really Wartell you know and so a
little lunch date huh ooh I got for the
baby
Michael is helping for part of it but we
finished got everything maddening this
is the inception okay first thing I got
this as far seat cover
notable social body everything we got
one of these for our shower I would love
it if it's purchased Liam pivotal
shelves we got a couple more jeez this
is very very long this is a house barn
over I want to keep the horse focusing
it does look more like this in case this
is knife repeal without a diaper Tillman
No
oh we got a diaper pail for our shower
so we got the little bags that go inside
it and then we got clothing since I like
I said got rid of pretty much everything
we have looking at you love these is
their sleep track and almost all the
subs I got was on sale which is awesome
we got work clubs and mats to sleep
sacks which are also on sale so I got
the sale price plus my extra 10% off and
then I got another elite pack set which
alike you will fun in it and the
matching little burp cloth again I'm
stale and then we got this little outfit
a little Jam you he'll outfit three
months also on sale I did good job and
then we got some onesies he's a six
month side because we don't have a lot
of big games guess yours in hell with
those over to Heather got this you can
her pick without a nation yes this is
going to be for this coming winter
because as long as miss cute I love the
colors on that will give you much choice
this one's so cute why because it was
hers oh thank you
it is really cute it's do more in size
we don't have a lot of different outfits
we just got a couple but how did this
adorable
for his pictures little gloves to
predict with him I got a couple
different jammies and all the sizes we
needed three months in six months
and then I didn't show that that I know
I caught these bottles I don't know hold
me them but they're like so cute
did I cream vote for voice is really
cute I got good they're colorful and
then we got this really cute Mickey
Mouse outfit and this is so - oh say hi
from Michael's size it looks really big
but it's supposedly decide to and we got
these ones we got this for his first
this was also like two dollars or
something because it's after Easter so
we got it again I got these towels
because I think they'll absorb water
really well so I got those a couple more
a little canvas soap thingies for his
shelves and then we got a changing pad
mattress thing for our shower
and then we need to cover so we got I
think three covers we got to peel the
anchors and the little stripes and
traumatize the cute right and then these
are the little waterproof covers that go
over those for when you're changing the
diaper if you feel an accident
missing you guys won't wonder you guys
awesome I would I don't want all this
piles I think that you were going to
tell me I forgot to buy something I'm
like don't see it
suppose like never thinking the one I
pick credit card Davis oh great island
we took like two hours on the store at
least trying to make sure we didn't
forget anything because we're getting
our detail doesn't look like okay this
is my three cent purchase I was telling
you guys earlier three Center and then
this is a six month one of the solute
and then I got something from Michael
since I could get it I just counted only
cute then he got some feeding to set and
then this is for the baby are you sure
you got enough closer to well this is
all the sizes this is amazing so cute
and easily attached when I know I'm like
oh sweet that as the colors are really
sweet on that one and then end up all
the colors and then we got some
pacifiers we got a similar he's amazing
um this is a little courtesy puppies to
have one over Michael we got that and
then we also got a Boppy pillow for our
shower so I got an extra cover just in
case he's sitting but you know it's for
your shower from your chips from my
shower yes sorry he's like way they may
go to the shower to get me now I can't
even think yes Okwe shower I was given a
Boppy pillow so that's the extra cover
and then
I got some more house fires never have
enough customers there chloride is even
really cute I got this because I've
never had one with previous babies I've
always wanted what I sought it and I was
like I need this so the fact is that
good so weird people don't just run up
and touch your baby ginger we got this
little mirror for him to look at himself
in the car just baby Thomas means you're
facing for two years I think he's going
to need some entertainment we got this
little entertainment be over his
stroller or his car you ever could keep
him awake all day when I first chain
Jersey and I think the last things are
because I got some more bottles just in
case we end up wanting to use them I'm
elated about these because we've never
used any refill we've just used the
diaper pail mix with the diapers
straight in there he's on us take it out
so so this should be a big trip and was
our big purchase meeting as I prepare we
sat there forever debating and
deliberating and then finally man it's
like got one we can't make a decision so
we just grab them how they're helped me
and then I got this Campbell's offer I
got this one even though it has pink on
it because I'm a girl and I like pink
and I'm the one that's going to hold it
okay Bobby
I don't know cuz it's like almost girly
but I don't think it will be back early
it's really cute and I like and that as
I think everything we got and I think
we're ready for our baby born I think
what there's nothing left that we need
to get right your lady friend because
I'm ready for him to come I willing hold
it
oh my gosh I want to hold him so bad
today was like the last thing I had to
do before I really felt ready to just
have the baby I just needed to get these
last-minute things but a changing time
cover on the changing pad get some
jammies because he doesn't have like any
genius aware I didn't know how's the new
baby where's the new baby in my tummy
silly Michael has with me like at least
long today if I had the baby I expose
cute
so then he also tells me every time you
can put this on my belly he just let me
kicking me so I think you know enough he
does it all but I think he's going to be
really excited I'm really doing with
together are you excited yes
okay well somewhere last update I'm
going to film right refill the know you
you never know easily I know I don't
really go into labor and have a couple
more you'll see what yeah thanks for
hanging in there with the skies wish us
luck I
