hey guys today were taking our kids to
head out my betta snorkel it is the best
weather day it's so pretty out there
our umbrella might be on its last day
today Heather fix the umbrella we're
using it to keep Owen in the shade he's
in his little fed cousin this is not
working for us today Johnny's doing his
whole entire head with sunblock oh I'm
trying to escape that's what it is Owen
is now realized the umbrella can be a
great way to try standing up look he's
all happy oh look who's a good standard
faulty Opia I know I was teaching no and
you've got the whole runny nose thing
going on he's getting four teeth on the
top though so have you thought no hi I
see your sunblock on your chin
Oh careful there you go he's rubbing it
in now that's some walk oh that's no
sunblock Oh Oh sing silly me I thought
it was the sunblock
no wonder was conveniently on his chain
everybody's covered up super well so we
don't get sunburned there's Zack all the
way down to his ankles up the Elissa
everything all the way down to her
ankles same thing with me I've got my
arms completely covered because you can
get sunburned really fast here I'm like
so scared a big chicken I'm holding onto
this board I've got shoes on my feet I'm
practically hyperventilating
but everybody else is gonna listen
waiting here within myself so I've even
got their back saying mommy
yes hey Zack you ready to go out
that's really excited too
uh-huh he was not yelling now okay I'm
working up my courage going all the way
under the water
okay here I go I'm gonna try my best
here I think I'm doing it this is good I
know I said I'm a chicken but doing it I
just I just take a long time getting is
the things I'm getting ready
those are huge we're like super Vegas so
cool
but we got so brave I guess I just I got
so great right well this it was already
brave but I'm gonna go out
and Matt's gonna stay and watch the kids
and we're gonna bring Heather out with
us so we're gonna see if we can see any
more cool fish and then we'll go
the creases mr. Scheffer my gosh you
guys see that is so pretty
so just for reference not really big
rainbowfish we just saw it was like like
how big Alissa Charles with your hands
yeah it was like that big like from here
to here it was huge is the biggest must
feel dribble fish I've ever seen in my
entire life
did you guys have a good day anybody
have a favorite part huge rainbow fish
me too
that was so cool I think I want enjoyed
myself let's check on Owen he looks like
he's just sleeping
everybody just relaxing
aren't getting ready to go get some
dinner cuz we had a busy day what are
you guys watching this one oh we dressed
up as cardboard box robots oh yeah that
was a good one the kids organized all
the shoes for us and then we got a lot
of comments about having so many shoes
but if you guys do the math there's
eight of us if you include my sister who
all wear shoes oh and where she's but he
doesn't like mean to brush shoes anyway
do the math if you wear
slides sandals Church shoes running
shoes hiking shoes that's like five
first per person so it's really not that
money yeah soccer cleats so the shoes
are necessary but it's not that many
pairs because if we all only had five or
six pairs
that'd be between forty five fifty five
pairs of shoes alone look at Ernakulam
flashlight cause it helps a lot and it's
so bright well look at that it's a good
flashlight cool are you gonna use it on
a hike yeah also you guys might be
wondering why David didn't swim today
and David fell the other day he was
running I guess in the parking lot the
Chinaman
and they're taped on the speedbump
trolley flew through the air then I slip
and I got all these cuts yeah he got
super scraped up so he didn't slim
because we didn't want to have any like
possible infection so next time we go
there he's gonna go to him and I also
didn't go to practice
yeah he's kept soccer today too I hope I
can definitely cuz I only have a couple
games left yeah and then we'll be sad if
it'll could have you play plus we saw
such cold fish today I really want David
to see him because we literally thought
the best fish ever I don't know if my
freaking out was like good enough or not
or if it came across on camera but like
I was going crazy I have my snorkel
thing on I was a little like yes like I
was screaming theory because I was so
excited cuz it's awesome rainbow fish it
was so big it was so cool
so anyway david has to see that too I'm
very ready to go looks like everybody's
almost buckled could you switch with
somebody No
see if it's just for today he's just
Chris we got something rare which is a
parking spot and not only that but we
parallel park in one that's actually big
enough for our car that like never
happens don't mind the filthy car sand
and dirt yep there's this and there's
the dirt the dirt here your car the more
fun you're having
Oh what does your shirt say do you
remember my mom is my hero oh I may or
may not do all the kids shopping so you
know if I see a cute mom shirt are you
loving dad me
thank you
should we get going out there's the cute
baby so genius baby
look at that cute shirt all I see is the
belly note Oh belly look at this team
he's got teeth coming in on the top you
could totally see him
Oh yep like usual he gets really mad
when he has to get buckled him something
I know you love to be held look
everyone's loving him everyone's around
him but he just wants to be held really
bad look at him he's looking up like how
could you do this to me look at that
happy boy Alyssa likes his hands look at
those kids it'll smell him tiny here
I got like dirt look at his dirt under
his fingernails from playing it's a pH I
know you're already a little boy you're
getting all dirty
alright you can't help it I know
whenever you can you want since there is
he did not grow up I know we don't wanna
grow up we wanted to stay a little and
small so we're eating dinner tonight at
the same mall that we got lost at on
Matt's birthday so we parked by Target
and we're hoping that my remember we've
parked my target we're not gonna lose
our spot although you can park my target
on like two or three different levels
and there's like a couple different
sides so hopefully it works I don't know
Matt did you I don't know I'm looking
around I know we need to see we're on
level two we need to see like a number
cuz I'm afraid we're gonna get a lot
again which would be bad it's the yellow
fish long deep yellow fish level okay
she says there's yellow which there is
so we're on the yellow fish level
but in love watching Owen as we go
around places because you just see his
eyes going up and down
it's so cute I know I just love to see
him see things do you love your brother
you guys looking at the fish they're
part of a distant waterfall and
everything it's beautiful yeah well I
could go down and check it out oh that's
so cute
that is adorable I wasn't kidding up for
you David
look look I like you surfing clothes
look out killed
yummy okay quick quick shopping chef now
dinner
we got our favorite food did you mix all
the colors to make brown that looks good
we got our food white yes one spoon for
each I got my usual pineapple burger
it's the best did you finish
Michael did such a good job let me see
let's get a good look here
look at that you can like that always
snow Alisa found this wall here and
she's like this until ball four youtuber
than I turned and I looked at the
lighting I'm like oh my gosh I have this
in my house check it out it's a big wall
like this totally nice white wall when
this be great lighting if I could just
film with us all the time bye bye
I'm proud to say that this time around
at the small we did not get lost
there's our car right over there we race
to the car jacking Chris won and I got
second place tied by David already
before we get going we're gonna answer
some questions so the first one comes
from Ella she wants to know what the
kids want to be when they grow up and if
they like going to the beach every day I
think that the kids would go to the
beach all day every day if we let them
and we don't go every day but that will
be nice
we almost okay so when the kids wake up
honey wake up okay so when the kids go
up Michael wants to be a Jedi David
wants to be a pirate Zack wants to work
at Panda Express
Krita spots to work at Taco Bell and
Alyssa what do you want to do I'm gonna
be a unicorn trainer a unicorn trainer
while these are good careers again I
wanna emphasize we're not driving so
don't worry since the kids are clearly
unbuckled but the next question comes
from nur Jan who wants to know the kids
favorite shoes
Michael job favor issues David likes
running shoes I like flip-flops what
about you I don't know any shoes is
comfortable is good Chandra wants to
know if you guys could be any animal
what would you be David what would you
be my favorite animal is Tiger now it's
gonna be a bald little bit like a flying
and I don't know what it's like
bliss wants to know what's your favorite
color Zac rainbow wants to know why they
move the car sits around on the car we
move the car sits around fairly often I
do like to keep the youngest kids up
closest to me so that I can help them
Rafi to my stack if I need to and the
kids like to rearrange the seats and sit
by different people and if one kids not
getting along with other kids and I'm
just nice to just move them so we just
move them all the time for fun thanks
for watching your video guys we hope
you'll have a great week bye were you
able to find the hidden pineapple in
today's video if you did be sure to
leave a comment with the hashtag hidden
pineapple so we can choose you for fan
of the week
