could you make your own Samuel looks
like a girl on look in there you know
Randy today my goal beautiful get a new
fish think that sounds fun 30 another
going over there
that's a dwarf hamster and thank you cuz
it'll like mine oh you like the bird you
love the yellow that looks good this is
a doodle
well you want to get moving boy that sir
whatever here to get though so yeah we
could buy another job and here we see
technicians it's okay we can get it for
a cake are you cooking in the hall is
that
yeah Michigan but Michael gives a blue
hey swelling at this one
we think it's not deca look all he
looked at the shop thank you a lot of
pretty cane which one's your favorite
and I got a DOB dis bed
where's the red one and we got a
courtesy to put them in the back all the
ones we have right now are the plain
green we like those little animals
oh that's about a shark in there the one
that yeah I like they're blasting tail
don't go oh this is like the game that
we just lost my teeth we call you have a
group of five six just swimming in one
sock
not every picture can go on our cake
okay so we can only get community cuz
she doesn t happen so suddenly it feels
like the whole handbag other goldfish
and goldfish produce a lot of money
so they can't go into living of killing
our fish okay and some of these like the
sickness cares and kind of migrate them
and that means ooh they'd be mean for it
so we have to find Christian or
community good guys nothing to be like
Molly the Guppies and me on I like it as
making every I have to making awesome
all abusive with our sister disappeared
you were just really cool able to go on
with our thumb there are Barb's
so there's someone aggressive and they
would not get along with us and we can't
get those off how do you know this
desktop hey I know
get director start I did mommy where I
store or three years I was so good at
catching fish you grab your net need to
clear them out really fast and you put
them in a pocket bag and you kissed the
air then you have the air in the bag but
now a lot of the fish trap i beez all
blowers they can blow air into the foam
okay now let's do that
Thank You Troy to find out oh look out
here I click this monstrous ever dollar
probably
the kids are begging takers lobster on
the walk into the cockpit is pretty
suspect like that but it really gives it
more of like a lunatic on sugar collar
what's up earnest fully autonomous
minimally intrusive daddy like this one
if you think it won't slip off asleep
someone tell our she was like that
oh that I planned on the ground I want
the whole for you tomorrow's that we're
going to get everything get this ball oh
my gosh Chinese Tokyo needs this for
yourself
thank you want to wear yellow I just
want that new whoa oh wow look at all
these Alissa children are very hostile
children's art style these days oh my
god I feel no what a cute little hat and
least you have a girl dog look at this
we can get all this stuff look at me to
wear this necklace headband what's all
this stuff guys yeah very very cute Oh
what's it all oh this is so hard
fire
the ring
it smells good government how many
humans will hey did you see some bees
look good like they could be for human
okay I can't believe they're for job it
smell so good over here yes one we
should go to deserves a fancy one cycle
comet record bill apart for himself what
do you need to get you know she doesn't
know we're here to get magnets Cardinal
charm I don't know they're very greedy
I think it was like one of our favorite
reason to look at the big flowers oh
come on Mary
yes okay take your flowers thank you Hey
not again cool the reason I wanted to
get a list of one of these is because on
her channel she made a cute little
stepping stone for our garden and like
the day we sent out front somebody was
working at our house and
like I think you saw one of our videos
you did
Alyssa's got a whole video on her
channel we sort of always hungry people
stuff huh yep oh thank you cool look at
pineapple music mouth I know I love this
one
we're definitely with duct tape just
like put it somewhere
oh how cute you are like the rainbow
using a video section and keeping so
getting yes my heart Michael tries to
buy a ball everywhere we go there we go
oh you're out of practice
well we look for a long time at the
store and to not get any magnets with
our came back one so measure one more
store you can see this Jerry
I'm totally fit in this chest I can
relax this belly aligned we got what we
needed
it's finally Khan magnets we got pretty
much all be having a store you can i
know super cute I would
one moment could we do lunch with Erika
one bean and we got lucky right a little
card so we had to lastest rod to be mad
because always included we need to fix
potato so I didn't give it to you the
only time I tell you is it was only like
sunic doing those well this is the first
this pregnancy we came in to Whitney's
and this lady was like you must be
having more than one baby are you and
I'm like no I like that big you know
when you had the trims it was much
better I thought I didn't think I'll
have that big of a valley you couldn't
walk when you have the twins I know I
was like well I am doing under a month
but still
the column
again I'm really good okay we're going
to let these guys sit here for a little
bit so you can activate to our water
okay so we're going to pour this in here
very carefully so this is the tooth fish
to replace the one that passed away and
then we got the other one so there's two
more family members all right we have
two new family members right here oh and
then the hands be forced to friends
Dorthea one I'm happy everybody that is
her disposal justice green eyes on you
look not be sick okay now the two new
family members get to go in okay here
they go so nicely look in there okay now
for the decoration you look happy
okay chair knows anything in there is
there anybody in there yeah there's two
people look there's the other guy
Stevens I think my handedly freaking out
let's put them bad you'll just have to
drop it didn't you guys want to put this
right here oh yes so that's angle FL
pineapple how to take this merriment cuz
a big new plant we do spots and they're
spinning already
oh my gosh my arms not picture reaching
tomorrow looking are I'm not happy I'm
going to move this for a little bit not
officially one by hand it's a change
okay oh no I broke it okay I'm off the
line I broke this I was ecstatic
hey I need to talk about him put the
light on so I can attain as I got near
clover and if I lasted you with that
little part well there we go home all
done instead of the Clipper multi cue
guy back in there after all let me thank
you
oh it's good everybody looks happy
I think the water will be pretty clean
looking in just a little bit don't stand
there
seniors are rich creatures are really
really gently in HoN another gentleman
but she looked a lot more faster than
heater okay probably impatiently looking
at a lot of new color okay
honest I cut a very nice dog sure it
will be nice and I can here with you
home he's not even your own are you
thinking for NVIDIA mister condolences
we're going to make brownies eCourse
sharing a kitchen journal so that they
form a beautiful crust on the top we use
our Easter eggs for this here's our
chore chart I made this and we seem to
have lost my marker and the kids have
white plum it off in the meantime but
it's got all the main things they want
the kids to do every single day and we
finally got magnet so our charter okay
you guys take a magnet that you like and
you guys can put your magnet in your
spot thank you guys identity I know
everybody's brushed their teeth today
oh yeah everyone you have your own color
I think yep responded my colors
I'll have take oh all the tablet are
doing so here it is the things we want
the kids to do every day are clean up
their bedroom make their bed do their
schoolwork or homework practice the
piano practice their voice and their
other instrument that they play read and
then help mommy
and finally brushing their teeth three
times a day right guys yeah yeah yeah
everyone's brushed once so far they
which is good right now the kids are
writing letters back to everybody to be
able to stand male this month
postage-paid envelope with it so some
people write us letters and they include
phantom lips so if you do that then we
can write a letter back if you make a
really big envelope then we can put
something a little bigger in there we do
have a few those it did not have Simpson
because I'm really really good taking on
I'm trying to go to the post office and
get stamps when everybody temple up so
if you send us something without a stamp
and that's probably why not get
something back so if you have a stamp on
it will definitely write back and there
is a stamp it's like a worldwide
international stamps and you can put on
your mail it anywhere it's like a dollar
yeah like that's all around over yeah
series we can nice letters yeah yeah you
can ease over here stuffing envelopes
how they're still working on all they
guy was picked looking good let's see
you returned a little break
there's the brownies they look really
yummy are you guys ready to do some
questions yeah okay
little tickle wants to know when David
and Michael's channel is going to open
I'm just start right I shall mattress
video I'm gonna start my kin to I never
win yeah pretty good Michael we don't
know Michael fit a certain channel but
hopefully soon also Kalani wants to know
if you know what tetherball is and if
you play we even gave her the box
iron yes you do mana he'll ask for your
favorite right a defendant could repeat
introduce - diamond is a math word
okay cuz they're Michael I see many in
there Michael you like Dumbo and the P
cup o tea cups
I'm anemic indecision he's been so fast
what this girl uh-oh
Oh
