hi everybody it's my 37 weeks update
today Harris my boss I have my doctor's
appointment and we're making a countdown
Jane today Michael as me though the
doctor today because all the big kids
have their music lessons and it seems
like it's what happens every 25 we're
sitting in this big empty waiting room
and we've been here for an hour waiting
for appointment
I got up early so Michael being a good
boy he's just reading this book and
we're going to be very very happy big
baby Sarah what do you think Michael
yeah you want to see if I can bring the
baby first okay
and I could get my belly like what's
good easy you're good huh something cool
for today is I got this dress when I was
pregnant Elizabeth so I've been wearing
it for a very long time
before I forget I need to show you guys
that I got a cute outfit set this week I
got this little two pieces one is by far
my favorite I really like the colors of
this one and for all of you guys
following our live Instagram story I did
get convinced to buy the pineapple
outfit you guys tell me what you think
can avoid pull this off or not I'm still
not quite sure myself hangover vulture
you get green in the northern army
matrix you can taste that I'll cut one
from you that can you sell me anything
in sight yes okay so after a shirt a
food factory for this inside Christmas
and go figure
okay it is perfect
can I earn coffee okay there's two more
your most contagious so we're going to
make like 20 or so bees we always
usually have our victims Lee they were
due and like wanting is approximately
Nikki so
you get one yes kind of gray one good
looking good guys let's count how many
we have and add them all up okay
eight-six sorry dude write down how many
is that all together 11 plus 6 plus 18
20 21 think you crazy it's all 20
flashing Travis there's one doodle here
we go
okay so there's probably this many days
maybe a couple less or more to our baby
come here
yes exciting huh
let's go 26 alrighty
should we cut our first off yes halo 1
okay there we go
one bit closer okay here we go guys
that's it pretty high up there
