hi guys it's time for my weekly club
date so I'm officially 36 weeks
there's my belly shot for the week
getting pretty big I have one of my
final doctor's appointments coming up so
I will take you guys along with me and
that will be in next week's update our
baby weighs almost 6 ounce and it's
going at about an ounce per day that
means I really want to have this baby
before he gets too big our baby's around
18 or 19 inches long so I'm going to use
my tape measure to show you guys how big
the baby already is this is 18 inches
can you believe that look at that
no wonder somebody is kicking me all the
time if he stretches out she picks up
the whole belly elastics only Monday
video I showed you guys how I was
registering for my baby shower and a lot
of you guys are asking what registering
meant so I thought I would talk a bit
about what that means basically you go
into the store you get a little thing
you can scan products and everything
that you like or that you want goes on
basically a wish list and then if you
have a baby shower people can go and
they can say oh here's Christine's wish
list
she needs diapers or she needs
nightgowns or whatever it might be for
the baby and they can buy those things
for you so that way if you have a baby
chair people can get you the things that
you actually need instead of just
guessing what you might like like it
will help them know like what colors you
like and what style of things you're
interested in so you can do that a lot
of stores I think you're getting a
register online sometimes I just
registered at two stores Babies R Us and
target because it's easy so I picked
those two but I think there's an Amazon
one online and stuff like that so in my
registry though I was looking around all
the baby clothes because of course I got
stopped there before I could look at the
products which isn't so far actually but
I got myself some shoes hold it on for
me there for the baby
I was asking your opinion and I ended up
getting these ones I was looking at the
light brown the dark brown ones and I
just thought the dark brown ones that
are so cute and it looks like they could
get a little smaller around the ankle
which is also something I was looking
for because my baby's feet are so small
they never fit in shoes so I'm hoping
this'll cinnamon will be so cute I got a
new outfit this week
and that cute and the baby also got this
this actually came in fan mail but it's
one of this first little toys so those
are really cute
my main problems this week as far as the
pregnancy goes are braxton-hicks
contractions and back pain I feel like
whenever I've been relaxed at all I
stand up my belly is just rock solid
hard and sometimes it's just kind of
heard because it's so hard to do the
want to relax so right now my stomach is
rock-hard probably hard to tell but I
mean like there is like hardly any give
in this belly I mean it is just a rock
right now and the other thing is back
pain back pain is the bane of my
existence I feel like I spit and when I
stand up I just have to stand I have to
Center myself and I have to just take
these painful steps it's like one step
the next step when patches are so bad so
I'm looking forward to being out of the
back pain stage because this is the
worst as far as progress on names we're
still leaning towards a be name and end
name at J name at E name possibly a s
name and right now I'm going to go let
the kids here are some of the names that
we've chosen that we like so far and get
their reactions so daddy and I have a
list of possible baby names that we've
come up with and we want to show them to
you guys and see what you like
have you heard us talking about that
Bennett is one of our beatings do you
guys like doing Bennett how about Jacob
Jacob about Justin so what's on you guys
like that one
nicholas 4n name and then t names they
like double teaming
that isn't bully name how about Tyler no
Travis Tyson Trevor
Samuel no how about Jason Jeremy don't
lie to me
oh yeah Jack is on them are top day we
feel like down Nathan
Brandon I want that that much he
couldn't meet professors look and with a
David's accent mark Jack yeah you guys
don't like how it sounds with the
Rathore name-calling oh yeah that's true
Jack and Zach are very similar
that's true no I said we weren't really
going to go with a names but since our
girl is aiming we could have a boy and
in the girl with a name so another name
that we kind of like another likes to is
Alex don't survive you have salad
okay so kids tell me your favorite name
Angie I don't like Benedict him yeah
all right so we're narrowing it down
nobody likes any s names huh and nobody
seems to like the end names
no no but I do like this okay okay guys
well thanks so much for watching
we're getting so close to having our
baby here I hope you guys are excited as
I am
have a great week bye
