tonight we're gonna play build or boom
the object of the game is to build on
this little platform and build it faster
than the other team otherwise
this is gonna be the last round unless
David wins then we'll have one more
round for the tiebreaking round again
okay you ready on your mark get set go
those tricky huh guys it's trickling you
have the balance well that was going to
be the last round but the kids are
complaining because they're having
really fun time so we're gonna do two
more rounds okay so Chris and Zack you
ready yes
on your mark get set go
good job you guys you're gonna come back
she got it across the basement would be
better
oh yeah we had so much fun we're just
gonna keep on playing all night right
guys they've used pretty much every
single piece now you guys want a boom oh
oh early one we just opened the
expansion pack the cards are green
instead of blue and the kids are trying
some of them out that's a lot of
balancing huh
oh that's a tricky one
very tricky balancing one job who had
fun playing this game if you're on the
toy box would you be giving it a yes
check out all the cool stuff we have for
sale on our new website
