hi guys it's David yes sexy they are
doing a video all about me I told you
guys some stuff that you may or may not
know about me
first rap my favorite color is blue like
we're shirts and the walls I love you I
see my platoon and it pretty tough I've
only been playing with the car for two
months it is lovely good I play soccer
and baseball for soccer I have to toe
fees and avail the sport I love books
it's baseball
my favorite food is pizza I didn't pick
it all day every day the favorite
subject is reading and my favorite books
it's Boxcar Children my favorite animals
are sharks and lions
pretty cool huh I have a little bit of a
collection of wine I love it'll be R and
R in fun right now - bye mommy and daddy
don't wish have soda please mommy please
mommy
mmm I love riding bike I love making
my favorite movie is higher to the
Caribbean and lowering hats out of all
the bastards in the world green peas are
the word right
I love playing outside my favorite kind
of clothes in athletic clothes I love
going to cus cus I'm a wolf cozy I love
wearing costume it sounds I was the
first one is advantages start lightly
costume my G vacation would be going to
Hawaii
I'm getting recruited wife when I grow
up I'll be a clean house until my
favorite person is the world is money I
love her because she's so nice if I
could change one thing about the world
our makes every ten times precious well
I hope you learned something new about
me is video now tell me one back without
you in the convent oh and by the way my
youtube channel
Judith David you know pretty very soon
thanks for watching
