well hi guys it's my 36th week bump date
can you believe on 36 weeks already it
totally doesn't feel like it except like
always that I feel huge but other than
that I'm just like how am I like four
weeks away from being deal okay so first
things first I want to show you guys two
things I got this lease that are really
cute
I'm still looking for that perfect take
home from the hospital outfit so I've
gotten a couple things that I might use
but this might be the one I'm going to
pick it says isn't it so cute the little
tie I like that one a lot for part of
tomorrow's video you're going to see me
registering because my baby shower is
coming up this leak is also really
exciting really excited for that but
while I'm looking around I found
something I couldn't resist not buying
it I was worried about registered for
that it might get pulled out or
something so I also got one more thing I
got this cute little outfit for newborn
pictures isn't this so cute I couldn't
resist not buying this one with all my
kids I've never done professional in the
warm pictures so I'm hoping to do that
this time
and I'm really excited about it because
I always try my best and I try to set up
the baby and take cute pictures but I
just feel like I'm tired and whatever it
is I just never quite get that perfect
perfect picture so hopefully this time
with our little six baby I'm going to
get these adorable new warm pictures so
here's my belly this week
I'm wearing a dress this dress is so
cool because it has pockets look isn't
that cool I really like pockets in
things so I'm suing this dress I have a
blue stripe on the right side one we're
trying to feel the baby who's already
felt the baby before me me it's so funny
yeah it's a Zac has you just feel that
until I become an adult
another time I'll tell you any kicks
okay we're just going to sit here until
all the kids get a chance to fill the
baby right yeah everybody needs a chance
is that oh thank you oh my gosh it was
very good right here
you feel that I didn't feel that one if
you don't put your head go here one more
yeah and help it it's hard to fit
somebody hands on my belly off face it
right here where we right here
oh there you are there you go have fun
yes right there under your fingers right
there I can't leave now it's like you
move to the other side of my belly is it
he's probably running around like he's
running around by me yeah and it's time
around your ribs like at the top or if
you see I think oh did you tell Alyssa
now you hit a little bump right here or
did you feeling it I'll see it goes on
our Davidson yeah there's a little bump
right there
Heidi Natalie and Daniel chose the
minnesota room
have knowledge cut what baby tastes so
small like okay they're going to be
really really cute oh well this is a
thumbs up date the kids enjoy killing
the baby move and I'm excited because
they're just a couple weeks to go see
you guys next week
