hi guys it's mommy Monday and we've got
a full day planned for you guys
we're going to be installing brand-new
car seats in our car for all the kids
which is a really big and exciting
project it's also going to involve some
car cleaning which is going to be fun of
course we're going to go to my mom and
dad's house with a kid and let Alyssa
help my mom so that for Easter village
and then tonight we've got a really big
Easter egg hunt the kids are really
looking forward to and I'm sure we'll
probably have a couple of things along
the way to happen but that's my plan for
the day so let's go which is this need
to be ready to leave and somebody I told
you guys we would give you an update on
the shed this week as you can see we
pretty much have done nothing
we bought the paint and we got the stuff
to fill in the holes but maybe next week
we'll have time for this right now we're
setting up dating Easter village is so
cute as day oh that's super cute
it's a little carrot house just looking
good over here I'll put it on the power
strip all these are going to get plugged
in I just said it this is just like our
family because it has eight and it even
has a little bit like a new baby blues
ooh
it would be like daddy mommy Alyssa
David a quick buck you oh well there's
actually nest David oak again and
Michael and a new baby turn Nana's old
Easter village isn't it so cute
there were little houses high saunas I'm
livin Denise I think my favorite one is
a flower shop the guy's a really cute
ribbon it's super colorful and I don't
want a lot too I like this little one
right here is the first of vegetables in
it I also like this music shops up so
cute well this is just regular mom life
for me the seasons are changing and it's
becoming summer so I have the task of
going through all my kids clothing right
now this is the boys clothes down here
I've got stuff to David belt brown a lot
of us and David's old clothes that the
twins have to go in to have a stuff up
here I mean it's kind of a nightmare
their drawers still not all their
clothes off which is too small so which
is winter clothes I've got to go through
all these drawers and figure out what of
this clothes and they still wear next
year what can I give to Michael to grow
into what are we going to get rid of and
donate so it's a huge task just going
through all of this building I feel like
I see the twins for last every season
because it's so much more work in their
room than the other kids rooms because
there's two of everything and it's a
huge sorting job deciding what do I keep
what do I say what matches what doesn't
you know all that stuff so it's like the
one I always dread and postponed to the
very last minute so here's their drawers
pretty much empty now and I will show
you guys how this looks when I'm all
done here's my progress looking a little
better at least a little more organized
Michael's keeping me company playing
Zach ukulele uniting
then how do you alright it is all done
what I have over here are two bins of
clothes for Michael to grow into two
bins of clothes that were David's but
they're still too big for the twins and
then the stuff we're going to donate in
the basket and now the twins have in
their drawers all of their shorts
instead of their pants and over here
they've got all of their shirts
short-sleeved right inside long-sleeve
shirt and then when the top drawer I
have shorts that don't have a match so
when they don't want to match and then
here I put the Disney shirt
I'll put underwear and so yeah I'm proud
of myself I think I only spent about a
little over an hour doing this and it's
all done until the winter we can install
our joparky
that's doing a really good job cleaning
the cars it gets pretty messy
we thought we have it clean but not
something really interesting stuff
versus dark another one huh yeah you can
see that his shoulders actually cover up
this hole and when you're forward-facing
you want to make sure that the straps
come out of a hole above his shoulder so
since these are below we're going to
move them up one more slack to jump out
all right this device for you ah you
have two fibers per person yeah you're
done silly girl
are you excited for your new heartbeat
yes hold color are you gonna have oh
well yeah the colors me I do you like
huh yeah you're very nice huh yeah well
tell me your favorite first this way
just what what just do it oh and love it
which one do you like Chris yep that
one's yours actually blue laser all
because all the skin of yours
Daniel I guys couldn't you bellgoody
back this is Alyssa
Michael and Michael Michael pitch and
then he likes red can't comfortable Yeah
right there yeah oh yeah you're ready to
ride this is nice with your photos
you'll like is the one on both sides
welcome folder is cool you give a little
press these things been very very loved
but they're definitely ready for placing
I mean they're wearing thin even like
they're it's just old and worn out isn't
it
and that's underneath Chris's car seat
wow that is a mess
cool I can't get Islander me on this one
here - pretty cool huh helping us
especially of dollars yeah all right put
your bottoms down I won't commit station
- yeah we click ha yes you did
so Chris is sitting in the red Xenu you
know that's going to confuse everybody
oh yeah whatever you guys put people
always mention that you're in the wrong
seat I think you look nice are they
comfortable yeah I'm really good yeah
all right sounds like we should go on a
road trip I'll maybe then GG doctor I'm
trying to Suzanne there's any please but
don't touch the bird nest right oh I see
up there
oh you see the other one once right
there and one's right there
you want to just come down now so we can
go to our East Way good yeah okay jump
town or actually very carefully climb
down I should say here a little bit I
are you excited for this yes
thank you they forgot our Easter egg map
is for bringing reusable that it works
right and here's what we're giving out
for our E string this year we're giving
out this little microbe Oh toodles
about some side
it's really hot there Coleman
family foreign policy is now said the
race between funny and in bed so they're
great they're blue collar
Oh God
oh my god
Thank You today's funny oh my god you
don't answer first and reasonably pee
egg this is what we really do we just
sit around all day watching our own
videos great parents are watching it
please time video right you always go oh
yeah Christmas doctor a good job for a
silly video
okay the first question comes from
Madison to ask the boys like baseball is
bunker better what I do
okay listen kitty wants to know is it
milk shakes or smoothies Jacob wants to
know what you guys are scared of
the Beast
