hi guys it's time for my 34 weeks bump
date
I almost didn't film this video today
but I know I didn't give you guys a deal
yesterday because I've been a little bit
sick this weekend I probably don't sound
that good I don't look that good either
but I want to at least check in and say
hi and let you guys know how we're doing
so like I said I'm 34 weeks and you guys
can see my baby bump it is a lot bigger
I think I think I said every single week
but it seems a long rigger to me this
week the cool thing about being 34 weeks
pregnant is that the baby could
potentially be born and be healthy with
very minimal issues so that's really
exciting milestone to the eyes of the
babies about the size of a cantaloupe
that's kind of cute to think about last
thing I told you guys he was about 4 and
1/2 pounds and now he's about 4 and 3/4
pounds and around 18 inches long I think
I've reached a point in my pregnancy
where I can for sure say that I did not
step foot one single time into a
maternity store this entire pregnancy
and that sounds crazy to say that but I
have some stuff that I wore with the
other kids I kept and I ordered a couple
things online so I did shop online a
little bit but I have not gone into a
mother have maternity this entire
pregnancy what I have done is I was at
Walmart and I thought I had these
leggings and I decided to try out
wearing some so I got one size bigger
than I normally wear then I've been
wearing leggings that come from Walmart
they're like 7 bucks super cheap so I
have the white pair and I got myself a
jean coloured pair of black pair in a
gray pair so I do laundry all the time
so I can just keep wearing them over and
over and over but they fit really nice
on my belly because I don't like
anything like really tight on my belly
so it's comfortably and I think I'm
going to make it the whole 40 or in my
case probably 42 weeks without lying any
extra maternity bottom
then speaking of maternity bottom I
don't any one else has this problem so I
can't keep mine up I do have a few pairs
of pants that I got early on and I just
can't keep up doesn't fall down like
throughout the day as I walked I'm just
pulling at my pants all day long so I
don't know if it's just mean I don't
wear maternity clothes well or what but
it's like a huge issue anyway I'm glad
that I did do my bulk of my maternity
shopping online because I did try to go
to Target and Walmart to buy some
maternity clothes there's pretty much
nothing there I went to Walmart and
there was not even anything at all they
said they don't carry and I'm like how
do you know I carry that and then a
different Walmart had like two little
tiny racks like some shirts maybe and
that was about it and then I went to
Target and there was maybe three racks
pretty much nothing so it's like slim
pickins lately I guess for the maternity
clothes every week I always show you
guys something that I got for the baby
and this week I'm going to show you some
towels this is our first baby towel and
these were given to me by my best friend
though this one and this one and this
one
ELISA especially like so slim because of
the little foxes on it a lot of you guys
have also asked if we've chosen our name
yet we have not we don't have the first
name or the middle name picked out yet
but I think that I've narrowed it down a
little bit I don't want to use the same
first initial for any of my kids so the
D for David that Chris and Michael of
course those first letters are out but I
kind of feel like B's and J's but I also
kind of like T I think so if you guys
have suggestions let me know some T's
because there was a really good T name I
kind of like in a little bit I don't
know so we'll see I need to move it out
because I don't want to be born without
a name so anyway hopefully you guys are
having a great day and let me know if
you have any other questions and I will
film about them next week bye
you
