and it's going to learn the streets
Mercedes
the water goes almost our way across all
our time - too much water and efficiency
man I can't believe this I had some
sprinkler issues yesterday but I thought
I had these all worked out but
apparently not
type of living sanitary from our quinoa
going to need downs right here we also
had a leak here couple days ago let's
how big this drainage we've got this
huge drain here and you can hit a water
flowing through it
is all soaked
super-old sorts of good manners
he didn't run over here on the cement
why are the kind of study over the
sidewalk and not looking forward to
paying the water bill this month that's
for sure
they're cleaning it up consider some air
water on just long enough for me to take
a shower I can avert it from out here
and when the Germans on the bean salad
so let the hair cool sickness the water
other countries
just over my face here
so basically I guess we had some kind of
broken valve I feel like we've have
broken sprinklers over and over and over
lately in our yard but I guess that's
what caused this major flood and I think
that our yard was flooding all the way
starting at 3 in the morning because our
sprinklers go on at like 2:00 or 3:00 in
the morning so this morning because we
had to notice it the city came out and
turned off the water to the whole house
and then left a note on the door so we
woke up and there was no water and that
suddenly kind of came out and everything
hopefully we'll have someone come out
here and help us get our sprinklers just
work correctly because I feel like we've
had it Springs are issues once a week
lately it's been something different on
some front of different part of the yard
like every single week but I guess at
least it's lend our grass in our house
this time
