hi guys it's my 33 weeks bump date
here is my fall there's a cute little
baby in there and our baby weighs about
four and a half pounds already isn't
that crazy I feel like my duty is
getting so close like in my head I keep
thinking like the baby is really small
I've got so much time to go but then I'm
like oh my gosh born half pound already
that's like really big so anyway today
we have a doctor's appointment that
we're going to measure and hear the
baby's heartbeat and everything then
afterwards we're going to go through the
few bins I have remaining of my kids old
baby stuff measure first she's going to
feel how big mommy's tummy is adjusted
to baby it all right DUSU nice Arsenal
is not a baby you're gonna hear the baby
hmm that's our baby Oh mommy's tummy
it's a baby party
my house oh I brought the kids in my
room because I wanted to show them
something that I think they will like a
lot I just have a tiny amount of baby
clothes that I saved from all you boys
it's my very favorite thing that you
guys wore that I loved and I couldn't
bear to get rid of because I was
thinking well when my boys get married
and they have their own little boys
your little boys could have these things
too you guys want to take a look at some
of these okay this is the first one this
belongs to David and David for this and
that's what Alyssa lifted you had a
dress she liked that one isn't that so
cute yeah so that's why I just couldn't
ever get rid of and one of my very first
trips that took exact and Kristin they
were smiling as babies you guys are
wearing this this pictures on our walls
as you guys in that in that cute you're
sitting in your car seat wearing that
this is also jacking Chris let's look at
that one
there's one of yours and there's the
other one because I have to baby turn
that cute I know I love that one this
almost yours Michael you want to hold it
up and look at it isn't that cute thank
you
I got that for Michael because I love
the color in because the backside was so
cute they used to in this one because
when I had Michael
you couldn't find super cute things so
this little t-shirt I saved because it
was just so cute
here's another one that was back in
Chris's look at that I love this one so
when you look up close to the red inside
it
yeah we use this for our family pictures
the first ones we took foot back and
Chris and we all did red black and white
then Michael wore it - thank you
I got that one because it was teal I
think I'll select that color a lot this
is what Michael Moore on his very first
Christmas
and David take a look at this that was
yours
and Zach and Chris this is your very
first Disneyland shirt aren't those cute
yeah she look you but the very first
parish's that ever bought for David
before he was born
this is Michael's christening outfit and
when I head back in Chris it was really
hard to find something to bless you guys
in so we didn't get anything and I found
this and it was on sale I was so excited
so I got it for Michael and now someone
else gets to wear it look at this tiny
little shirt here hold it up awesome
I got that for his backing Chris I took
baby pictures of you guys in it because
I just love that shirt then there's this
one that I got for Michael I took one of
my favorite pictures of Michael in this
one he was at the park I put him on a
little bench and he just looked so
precious I saved that outfit this outfit
here is David take home from the
hospital outfit yes it's funny because I
got you a three-month sized outfit to go
home and I don't even know if I like
that color today I don't think I picked
that outfit anymore but you were eight
pounds nine ounces amount that was so
big on you
I had these little brown sandals for you
and you just that outfit man your legs
are up inside it who wants to guess who
this outfit was for nope you know Alisa
I actually got that for Alyssa now this
is a kind of funny story when I had
Alyssa I was thinking I would save money
by buying some things that maybe were
neutral or things like that for the
jammies because I figured oh I'm hot
probably gonna have at least one boy
after I have Alyssa and now I'm like why
did I not always put her in pink
so that was a jammie that I got furless
of you know a special about that Jamie
is there is one that mommy can wear that
matchsticks
so mommy and Elissa match little if
there was a new baby yes
do you like Jimmy's this was also David
and do you know what I have a picture of
Alyssa and David wearing the exact same
outfit so Alyssa could still wear 24
months when David was born so Alyssa had
one and David had one that one of the
Playboy
Chris this is yours and that this is
yours and it had the little white shirt
- that is your take home from the
hospital outfit you guys are born in
December so you guys want a little
sweater vest in the warm pan aren't
those cute I also have this one that I
saved from Michael my kids one of his
jammies I have this picture of Michael
wearing this where he was sleeping all
at a strange angle in his bed and so I
saved it for the back and then I have
this one because I just thought it was
adorable yes it comes with a little pair
of pants so hopefully it'll be the right
season the our baby can wear this - and
then here the last one this one mommy
and daddy got in Hawaii I was pregnant
with my very first baby and I didn't
know if as a boy or a girl
so I got something that I thought could
be for a boy or a girl to possibly wear
so this outfit first belongs to Alissa
and you'll off our board that is Kyrsten
Sinema cute so this is Alyssa's even
though it's kind of a little more of a
boy outfit and then David wore it and
then one of you guys wore it and Michael
wore it may be happen right now I think
so
I thought that was pretty fun looking
through some of the old baby stuff that
I still happen the kids that you push
him too close I think so too
thanks much for watching guys bye bye
