this video is sponsored by DreamWorks
you guys might remember recently a mommy
Monday I showed you a sneak peek of a
box that we got in the mail so I'm gonna
let you guys know now the box we got was
a troll hunters box it's full of really
cool stuff the kids are excited because
there's something for everybody but
we're gonna make a special surprise for
David today troll hunters is a new
Netflix show and David is a big fan yeah
he's gonna love this we're gonna make
over his bedroom it's gonna be awesome
do you want to show his room now we'll
do it before and after okay
yes
this is so cool
I bet dave is going to love this it's
time to shoot everything in today's
video is available at Target and Target
calm
I'm so excited you guys there's
something for everybody
they're sorry cups and balls please max
look oh yeah yeah ever Michael are you
trying your jammies
my love
Jews love cereal I usually jump likely
you be thou are digging strong possessed
she's like Alyssa's favorite thing ever
it's so cool
do you like my new shirt no but what is
the best of this I just can't decide
who's the big troll okay best rocket
ever in the world
it's amazing okay we're gonna check the
spin on this
twelve-hundred is about an ordinary boy
who discovers a magic hunter and thanks
again to DreamWorks for sponsoring this
video
