hi guys it's Molly one day I have so
many things to tell you guys today I'm
really excited I don't even know where
to start but I think the first thing
I'll say is thank you to everyone who
subscribe to the twin channel this week
their first video just fantastic they
have another one coming out tomorrow
elissa channel is also doing great so if
you guys aren't subscribed to both the
channels make sure you guys go and do so
I personally was laughing harder than
I've laughed in a while watching Zach
and Chris's first video they filmed the
entire thing themselves and then Matt
edited the video and I went over to
watch and I was just laughing because I
thought they did a great job I mean they
told a story with it I mean that was
just logging and it was it was really
funny so anyway hopefully you guys liked
it as much as me I was helping a lot of
the only person laughing watching that
video second thing is we have visitors
in town Matt's parents are here
so we have a kind of busy ish day we're
kind of deciding what we're going to do
we've got a lot of options for today but
it should be a fun day certainly I know
I mentioned that Chris was a little bit
sick before and I wanted to give you
guys update on Chris no Chris come here
he had a fever pretty much every single
day so he would wake up serious and he
would be fine every day and then in
afternoon he was getting this strange
fever so we took him to the doctor and
she said that it was allergy so I'm
hoping that really is loaded he's still
got a little bit of a cop but it was a
weirdest thing to me because I was
worried about him
you can hear him coughing the background
there a little bit but we've been giving
him allergy medicine and since we did
start that the fever has gone down and
he hasn't had a fever at all and fever I
mean like in 99 to 100 degree fevers
nothing super high
just a little low-grade fever once a day
and all in the afternoon so I guess
that's the thing I didn't know about it
before but now I know I guess his your
allergy medicine
eat that up and while we're showing
Chris we'll do a little update on his
lip it's kind of all shiny because I put
vitamin E on there I've been putting
vitamin E but that's where he got his
stitches
so are you doing okay Chris now how
about your allergies you did a little
better than you were I think so
Zach are you helping me
wisely Zach asked if she could help me
and he decided to do dishes for me all
on his very own I was looking for that
last night oh I think you should let
grandpa keep back
we're on the way to get our pictures
taken as a family we were in kind of a
rush so Michael still in his jammies
we're going to just dress him while the
other kids are starting with their
pictures you're the star one right over
Oh
I have to take the kids to their voice
lessons so I'm with Heather and Michael
man we're doing a little errand to the
store because yesterday I got some
jammies for the twins and when we got
home and put them on the twins the top
of the size 8 and the bottom was a size
6 so they were really sad so we came
back to the store and Heather who's like
really really good I looked through like
hardened structure these this is like
hell Yannick and I go through this is
all donated section it's like the whole
entire stores on clearance or something
but she looked through the entire
clearance rack and she found it she'd
found the match so we exchanged the jam
we easily got two of the same size
because one of the twins was really sad
or they were actually they are like
insisting that they could save them yeah
and it was your they shouldn't be
wearing them no so we got the jammies
and now we're just kind of like browsing
because the kids are voice lessons and
why not yeah you grandma bought the kids
these really cool robot things they're
going to make
every worker is orange in the tongue and
these names are arms and I you did good
man midnight
and if we twist it it was all right
thank you
how are you doing
he's thinking that green guy right there
what are you making her oh but you're
making our purple and green super cute
look at such a good job thank you spots
all over room gonna be very spotted
you're making a tricky one Zach want a
cute little robot he looks like a
pineapple guy huh why thank you so are
you doing his arm right now looking good
what's the next step on your making that
last line under bottom oh yeah okay
great done
right now you owe your wife I think
Elizabeth made the cutest robot ever
it's a pineapple robot adorable good we
get a better look at that this is so
cool is that your shoe that looks very
close to the original and accurate is so
cute Jill geography walking pineapple
will you just it I mean 1s is family so
everybody can have it
Hey hi I'm so - I like the color
and human hair is blue but yeah the kids
turn side work on our little robots and
Matt has been out here for the last
little while working on this shed so
it's kind of a big project
he's not as intimidated about it as I am
but I'm just like okay this is way too
many pieces but I think he'll be fine
it's just not exactly up my alley to
have this many steps and pieces of
anything but we're going to put the
bikes and I think this is the chef we
got it's called a ruddy shed and we got
it because it's wood and you can paint
it to match the house although the kids
are definitely trying to get us let them
paint it rainbow right now I'm just
packing snacks for David's baseball game
tomorrow hopefully the kids like
everything we got them this week slowly
Monday is going to spend two days
because last night something I ate
really didn't agree with me and my
stomach was so upset I couldn't do
anything but lay on the couch so I
couldn't continue to vlog it all really
yesterday so today I'm feeling that I
thank goodness and we're all the way to
watch David play baseball I slept in
this morning so I didn't get to watch
the Twins game but they had a game that
matches them too and it was like eight
o'clock this morning as though because I
wasn't feeling well I slept in but we're
going to have a good day today
yeah I like oh love
Oh
not going Christian tired their game was
in a morning class lose your shirt there
it's a Dodgers shirt great looking
really good good dog others look jolly
you've all feel guilty I'm adidas you
got the game Paul Wow look at that
it's definitely playing with us I asked
what was the score of the game
I saw one you guys totally won we had a
good ball player just you guys know what
that means the David got the game ball
every single DS the coach pick someone
to award the game ball to and he gets
six ball home so the cyclists even
beeping yes you get to keep it special
huh yes alyssa is going through all the
stuff that we just got from the honest
company this whole box is diapers
I will not depend on one everyone so
cute and did you sleep one these are
overnight ones so when he's a little bit
bigger how are these ones and then these
are all just regular diapers and he's
going to wherever I only have him a day
adorable though
let me see the other ones back there so
cute this is like my favorite diapers
ever because they're cute son two-degree
Alyssa playing born white yes I first
sent out these diapers with Michael I
originally likes them because they were
cute but then I started using them
because Michael was allergic to
everything
and these ones he was allergic to so two
bonuses cute being the best bonus night
okay okay now we're going to tell you
guys everything else we got because I
ordered a bunch of stuff on the website
so I'm excited about can you guys why
why because we have to use our own bags
it was shopping first Sohal is really
cool sturdy bag to use isn't another
crushing source this is for the laundry
either for you guys Oh vitamins this is
sorry for the new baby formula I got
this for daddy
it's vitamins usually like ice paper say
yes we love these which one's our
favorite
we try to ski definitely Orange
yes pretty good good so the green ones
good see okay well mother who is good I
like it okay look at this for Michael
wouldn't you say yes Michaels so picky
about to taste he only likes the ones
that are not well spicy right this one
so strawberries I'm hoping you like it
what other shampoo and conditioner
Alyssa loves using that look at this
Alyssa it's a big it's a magnet bib - do
I open it up you can open it without
these this towel sana cute idea I like
magnet bibs better because in their
velcro they stick to everything in the
washing machine don't understand I don't
even like to stand on it yeah this is a
fight for myself I think of myself
seeing that goal you can't even tell ya
neat huh really cute look at grab the
diapers out there cyphers it match that
bit uh-huh this is bug spray for the
kids and then I got all these cleaners
which I also love because I can't let my
kids use them because there's no strange
ingredients in them I feel like it's a
lot safer to let my kids help clean the
house when they use this rather than
using like comet for example so no
they're not paying me to say this but I
just like it so I know it wasn't that
cute the divers and i've-i've-i've
wearing anything always be feeling I
think it is res nothing that service I
know right so horrible kids one more
thing I think you're going to like his
look it's the orange one - orange they
were cattle be awesome and then a little
inhale expenses I think this is laundry
soap it's heavy
I know
oh yeah there it is so these are not
come on call a lot of stuff so now we
got to put it all away
Oh somebody scored yes hopefully by now
everyone's seen our April Fool's video
kids how did that go
Oh mommy and daddy and he felt bad so we
have a treat for you guys today she's
really good at something look good like
better days right I thought meatballs
Antonio was good okay I'm going to snip
it but if Union made it maybe I can
trust her you guys want one you can have
one so five or something at it and then
check together 50 respects yeah they're
all smelling them first because you get
help it meatballs oh good good is the
only ones I did yesterday the whole see
the real cake pops they're not meatballs
could you guys look so happy really
guilty I felt guilty too
so this makes up for it right because
these are super good yes
when battleships
whoa whoa whoa again we've laid out
about half the pieces of the said that
need to be painted there's more over
here that need to be painted it did come
crimes but we've got to go to Home Depot
and grab some paint so this is going to
be a few day project and we're going to
hopefully finish it up later this week
and we'll update you guys next mommy
monday about this project I'll look at
these ones down here look at these
bright colors
those are cool what'd you find ELISA see
why some are cute do you see what you
like
like black black of your interesting
choice what do you like show me cool I
got a month yes
is it a massage you're doing here
yeah money
you guys all but really good one if that
being the artist of jakoria oh hello
jump down guys
they see an open ladder there's
definitely going to climb it
we found a little place to relax
everyone suffer daddy I'm putting my
feet up if you don't get me access pool
and Michael is my favorite is a really
nice brother
the kids have filled my shopping cart
with pillows I got you guys I want to
buy them they've covered my legs too
Alyssa's got some serious relaxing going
on right there I'm sorry to think you're
more comfortable than I am
so
the
