hi guys it's time for my weekly bump
date I'm now 32 weeks do I look any
bigger
there's my belly I'm feeling big Phil
okay so something made for this week is
going to be my new cravings the things
I'm craving are mint frozen yogurt
peanut butter and almonds so pretty much
anything mint I really like it we found
a place that has mint frozen yogurt
Slevin like has frozen yogurt and mint
all combined it's fantastic so I've been
getting that and then how I'm feeling so
still feeling pretty good overall a
little more heartburn and the main thing
right now is back pain my back it just
shows me why I'm standing up so I tried
to like sit down as much as I can keep
my feet up relaxed but walking around
and standing for a long time just really
hurts my back the baby has been super
active and yes I said the baby because
this baby still has no name so if you
want to have more suggestions please do
it because one of these days one of
these days is going to pop out at me and
I'm going to be like that's it bill
that's what I keep thinking at least but
he's just been moving all around kicking
I feel like his legs are on my left side
because I have like a ton of movement on
my left side way down here it's like
every single day a ton of kicks and
moving and pushing in all kinds of stuff
I feel like he's just sitting in the
same spot all the time and constantly
doing something on my left side I'm
going to show you guys a couple of new
baby thing as I got this week so let's
go look in the room I still don't have
my changing pad that I need for here or
my diaper pail but I got these shoes
they're on clearance in there so
I got those and I got a couple fillets
so we have this line I think it's like a
little piano type toy that's you can
hear it and then this one it's like a
little sooner toy I like this because
this is really soft here and it like
stuff and everything and then we had a
couple of these sent to us actually as
samples so I'm kind of excited about
that because there's some different
kinds of bottles and these are storage
containers for formula and stuff and
then we got the little toy and this cute
little rattle your ol little fiddle sex
toys so excited about that and then this
I came across this hat and this is
actually one of the twins has I'm pretty
sure the twin for and Michael wore it
and I found it in the bottom of a bag
all crumpled up and I was so excited to
find this hat because like I said I
don't have a lot left over from Michael
and there's very few things at all from
the twins so I'm so excited cuz you can
win a little hat now I also found these
adorable onesies on the clearance rack
and I had to get it because it's got
that can't hold bow tie it's just so
cute so I got this this week I'm going
to show you guys now to do the things I
used to help me sleep one of them I
actually got from Matt in my birthday
which is in September and it's funny
because I didn't even know I was
pregnant and he got me this pillow this
turned out to be a perfect pregnancy tie
pillow so he got me this pillow it's
like a big wedge and I use it under my
head I'll sleep on it if I'm having
really bad heartburn because sometimes
I'll just wake up and I just can't sleep
because the heartburn so that is
realizing or the other thing is this one
it is like a little wedge pillow you can
see the shape of it and don't mind the
laundry in the background by the way
been pulling launched me oh we can
anyway I was like there's laundry
everywhere so in case you didn't catch
it there at all is anyway I got this
little pillow from a friend one just
like it when I was pregnant with Michael
and I was like where has it been my
whole life this is literally the best
pillow ever because it kind of goes
under your belly when you lay down
so you can like support your belly so
your belly is not hanging down so it
looks a perfect pillow and I really like
it I use it in front or and back just so
that I'm not
lopsided when I sleep because my back
does fit well a lot like I said and if I
sleep right my back hurts flat so anyway
that's what I do I have my big wedge
pillow and my little wedge pillow and it
definitely helps me sleep so I'm curious
to know who of you watching my videos is
also expecting if you're expecting tell
me something cool I want to know
products that you're using products that
you're getting because things have
really changed since I had Michael I
feel like there's so much more cool
stuff that wasn't out there when I had
him so please tell me everything you can
think of there's a product I should be
using or try out even like maternity
stuff like anything tell me because I
want to know I would love to hear
because as funny of you guys to try
things or have advice I don't have
myself so don't forget to do exactly I
would love it and thanks so much for
watching everybody have a great rest of
your day bye
