it's super late tonight the kids are
almost all on their jammies all but
Alisa but we have something exciting the
ones let you guys know about and we
didn't want to wait to put out this
video so we're going to quickly say it
so the kids can go to bed but we've got
an exciting opportunity for you guys to
be in one of our videos as you guys know
we're quickly approaching 5 million
subscribers I guess I'm the only one
excited but we thought I'd be awesome if
you guys could be in our video and
here's what was thinking you guys can do
we would like you guys to submit a
picture of yourself saying I watched
Family Fun Pack from and tell us where
you're from it could be your city your
country your state whatever you want it
could be even like a cool vacation
you're on or something iconic that you
live by
wherever you're going whatever you
whatever is cool there you take a
picture or whatever you're doing yeah
and hold it on a handwritten paper sign
so I'm going to post some examples in
the video here and bases that we're
looking for the sign to be handwritten
we don't want it to be where you find
the old picture within your phone and
you just put some typing on the front of
it that's not what we're looking for
because we really wanted to be a nice
handwritten note that you've done
yourself and we want it to be horizontal
vertical horizontal which is this way
not vertical which is this way if you
only can take your vertical picture for
some reason we will try to include it
but it might be a more of a collage if
you guys follow us on Facebook or
Instagram you might have already seen
our announcement about this because we
did put announcement out asking for
pictures so right now we're going to be
opening up an email address that we did
not have before called fun pack photos
at gmail.com and that's where I want all
of you guys to send your pictures so
once you take them upload them and put
them to that email for us in the next
week till March 30th or so till March
30th
let's see don't include your own address
or phone number or social media
information we're only looking for
iWatch
I'm back from we've gotten a couple
people have been officious and said like
I love you guys in that fight those
little kinds of things are fun and if
you want to put your name you can put
your name if you want to but we prefer
just I watched Family Fun Pack or we
watch down the phone packs from you know
Indonesia or whatever it might be okay
anything else what what thank you good
thanks I mean thanks for watching us
subscribing doing great yeah we're
excited to see where everyone from I'm
really excited I cannot wait I've seen a
couple pictures just on Facebook already
and there's some really cool pictures
that you guys are from like really cool
places so it'll be like we get to travel
the world without actually traveling it
it'll pop our family old videos where we
list all cases yes very much so if you
have any questions leave them in the
comments and I will do my best to answer
them but I think I've answered
everything we said the date the timeline
how to do it what to do there's some
example photos so I think that we are
good to go and I'm excited for you guys
to be part of our video plus we have
something else really cool and that
videos you guys are gonna love so ll
seeker surprised right we have something
fun all right well thanks for watching
everybody
