Oh
hi guys I'm at the American girls
offshore for the very first time
equal right giving that check out losing
a soul removing the French American girl
while so this is how the company started
Yahoo - these are a different time of an
era dude it's living here the story
takes place on eternity 1970 Laura's
dead and then in front of each of our
rooms either called out windows of time
suzune so this is Chi another early
install that our earliest in time from
1764 she's Native American is also
different from most of our other 18 inch
dolls kind of in a basic way she went
again I'm gonna slide this in there with
you so he doesn't ever keep showing not
exactly right so you can match out her
teeth and the reason for that is because
she's based on the tribe called the Nez
Perce and then as personally put a seat
on a doll is unlucky so out of respect
to them we don't know and they show you
every time of day what it would look
like for kaya but going in pets darkest
Tibet losin Katniss in a cool room loose
Samantha's our only original dog silver
here our starting place in 1904 she's
from New York being recited grandmother
grandmother wanted to be a very proper
young lady matter she gets involved in
the Suffragette movement which is
fighting for a woman's right to vote
because it makes you know for women
melody is star cakes like the 1964 from
Detroit Michigan she wants to be a
singer
her story's up the Motown we've been in
Detroit and it's called the festival
rescue for the United States and I know
it works
my favorite thing is being on set which
also won by being a recording studio
record long because the company
Underground Railroad so they go to
freedom she gets to go to school she was
to live in a brief de campinas very big
place in 1824 coming back to notion is
gonna race with her father you can press
it he'll roll around even if she refused
to make amends
yeah there's Mary Ellen shall come like
a nurse terrific place in 1954 she is
from Florida
she has five brothers and sisters I am
if you have an Farkle you have Barbara
and on the way her story's all about how
do I fit in and how do I stand out I
can't I reflected this is Rebecca
Rebecca story takes place in 1914 she is
from the Lower East Side of New York
their story is about immigration in the
United States to do in an immigration
okay and everything is somebody's born
in one country and then goes to live in
another country boys this was that
outfit you like downstairs oh man they
came to my dad her story takes place in
1934 she from Cincinnati Ohio this is
the Great Depression that isn't that
totally cute and that would match
championship medal is good because it
was the depression a lot of people kept
chickens or a chicken for they have eggs
and eggs to sell to make extra money in
the sexy fish
Mack used everything so they would make
clothes out of those materials miss
obsession
she's got golden brown eyes but she's
got the long blonde hair and she's got
the freckles as well and and she we have
the guitar and she comes in this outfit
this is trying to keep a doll right
though it's a tough decision
you might choose the doll that has
blonde hair and blue eyes that looks
like you you might not let me know I
make it look like me I do now mommy
announced a contest in this outfit you
get to name this doll whatever you want
oh I always have a hard time about
winning poster do some picking over so
cheap okay
can you ask your friend to eat with you
me extrasensory listening is that what
I'm looking at oh yeah okay you can
follow me this way can you fold a hair
ties that you can do all is it okay with
you have to sign up with dessert
okay as always okay now we have dessert
there were some warm family so we're
here with all the girls and family for
the most part we thought like yeah we've
got an to each other and you've got
other things Sam who we call men good
good very good
he sings all second my chances really
hungry get that whole Karen god there's
a cute little box on this table of
questions that you can get together with
Gary I did what my day was like whoa yes
aliens are real but are they green
Marcus no they're not Keeney again it's
also about outer space
also there are cities would you ever
want to live in I would say why or why
not
oh yes there is dead what is your
favorite sports game
well I like an anomaly the same line
Brittany I think I gave something
anything you place outfit yes I have a
doddle sizzle ah Danny
yes what is your favorite family
memories one of my favorite memories is
when we sit down Road
guys you all right well I do through
once more again and once your other new
color Alissa what is something you
really admire about one of your family
members I like to always really good
audience
thank you lose your money if you won the
lottery what would be doing some money
boom I would buy everyone in our family
a really big house so what has my house
and I would think everyone on vacation
to Hawaii
oh all right keep on insultin for
yourself only they can keep insurance
with you ladies today you can go home
with you say Oh wasn't it good to hear
winter yes it was really good
Wow boom you know I can't even find it
my kids over there either play I can
totally do that Wow
I'll market looks so good within mine
there's mustard there's heavy food and
there's a little feeling good right I'm
enjoying my meal I guess you all right
thank you
we have reduced our editorials vanilla
cupcakes in a pink only today would you
like to deal with that well I like to
try and refine he plays actor I know
there's your doctor outfit is we have a
lot of our success of the gym stairs as
well for drawing and I can relieve
imperative tennis super cute you you
guys keep going on within another point
telecom it is gentle on this book oh my
god we are over 200 on the side to side
things on it like you the water and the
food for the Dodge oh thank you
it's like you can make something in
there
oh yeah I think isn't kind of Hawaiian
look at this yeah your pajamas right yep
are they comfy right now not all the way
around let me think this cool - you know
I really love what a ruffle the
Biography I almost thought it was a
skirt the figures of that and shows you
amusing I like it
oh it's forcefully it's all EPA's on it
that's pretty cute
oh yeah look at that
oh the pocket I like that cute little
star maybe now I can start better on
this one you uh look you that's an
adorable outfit does it make you happy -
in the door with nebula to take a look
like a Hera I was like having to learn
it was perfectly it's a little sister
did your that analysis between of her
head
you need some lime green juice yourself
it is look at back
so the police I guess you need the
camera today you're going to call the
salon then a New Yorker
all right boys huh yeah I'll probably do
the water salt and lime and blue
they're not
I like your dress really cute therefore
no ruin look at her with pink hair
this one you need ask you oh look at
this let's go sparkly shirt that's cute
hi guys uh-huh this is on air Oh heaven
keep this right in here we go oh there's
a little uh little game and I keep
heroes haven't really
if you're taking here and I'm using a
little advice without knowing who's also
no locality for fun hey lor off done
thanks for watching our day bye
