everybody it's time for a baby about
date so I'm now 31 weeks pregnant and
again you guys keep asking my due date
so I'm going to say it again today it's
May 20th after you guys saw the crib
video a lot of you guys were asking me
if I was going to be reusing Michael's
old stuff and why I wasn't using Michael
script so basically since we had Michael
we moved two times and each time I moved
I got rid of more and more stuff because
it's just a lot of stuff to carry
between house to house and baby stuff
takes up a lot of room so we got rid of
almost everything we donated it to
charity and even when Michael was
becoming a size four from a size three
and his clothing
I literally donated all of his clothes
probably a month before I found out I
was pregnant so I'm kind of regretting
it because you had a really cute clothes
that this cute baby's not going to get
to wear a spread I've been on how I'm
feeling I'm still feeling pretty good I
think I have minimal heartburn I'm
definitely having swelling of my ankles
at the end of the day still but I am
trying to keep my feet up and I'm
feeling like my belly is huge sometimes
it's like rock hard I'm like I don't
think I could get any bigger than I
already am even though I've got like two
months ago so that's the main difference
this week is my belly here it is it's
just feeling really really big
hey Michael are you excited for the new
baby
yeah where is the new baby it is there's
a baby kick some time right now I'm
going to let the kids try to help me
pick a baby name based on everything you
guys suggested in last week's bumpty so
hopefully we can come to a conclusion
here the name but otherwise we'll be
asking for our suggestions
okay so here's a couple of the names
guys how about Noah
a Canadian John Oh Oh Jase oh come on
guys Oliver Cherokee do you like our
game is my vomiting severe I might
really enjoy Beckett oh yeah Jacob oh
yeah ocular acacia honey will you okay
that's working tattoo so we can go after
daddy to go to maximum family your adult
woman
Oh Felix our growth is Brooklyn I need
really funny babies he loved it he Jimmy
that's not they really look terrific kid
justice or justice
the cattle enzyme doesn't it doesn't
yes my boys so envious Chris me someone
suggest named David - my boy I'll be
addressing Cooper Joey Rock is your
cousin Stosh not okay that's going to
get you that into the Susan alerts is
true presentation state rock and
Barack's Justin alert captain Bryson
they're all my name's I thought about
having one - how about dicing them does
that the riot is your assessment
Thank You Kristen yeah like red Chris
emily is a anything I do yeah Layton
Charlie
jebin yeah
dawn evening Catherine okay well I guess
we can't call him Jack because I
literally just accidentally called
Zachary jack is it as act because I was
thinking about the name Jack that we've
just been looking at
the red-crab Oscar whoa J hey before
this event even German whoa Jericho oh
you are jungle essence Buster babbles
there just isn't on you like your
application and we ride back with again
Kevin Kevin Dominion mark Peter
Oh Jackson is your pig is dead David
okay that life is over the day I lost my
hair oh honey
majority carbons all who are they fools
Wow Tom no no your hands Jim yeah go
Jameson I could do it to me Tyler no
yeah yeah everybody
Lincoln no I really can't
people who leave of rubble - knock knock
Rexy action Johnny was your hero named
Julian maybe Angie Heather Ali's Alyssa
captain I like Jackson stood up
anybody else also favorite is my husband
what a good girl
marquise finger pointing finger all
right
you can seem an obvious idea Samuelsson
so we're going to go because of one day
the baby is after our current name -
ability firm self-respecting and mindful
so anyway I think I'm going to ask for
more help on baby names for sure I'm
going to expand my search outside James
and B names because I've realized that
it's probably a lot of names I just had
thought of and I think if I see the
right name or hear the right name I'm
going to get it so keep telling me your
suggestions because I'm just going to
read over them slowly and just try to
find one that I like also I want to
remind you guys everybody in the family
has their own Instagram so all of the
kids have theirs mine is the one called
Family Fun Pack but matt has is all the
kids on their own so we try to follow us
on Instagram because we post things for
our story every day and it's a cute
pictures all that kind of fun stuff I
have you trapped I was guessing that I
was sitting right out here filming my
video and Michael's over here make it a
whole trap for everybody
oh it's for Zach and Chris and David oh
you're a sneaky baby thanks so much for
watching guys hope you guys enjoyed the
bump date also don't forget to leave me
a comment if there's something that I
did not talk about that you want to hear
next time have a great week
