I'm getting out for a split second oh my
gosh is this somewhat random I regret
this
I just want to check this out I'm
walking carefully oh my
this is a storm drain shooting water out
in the ocean
oh my gosh did you guys see that
lightning like literally soaking wet
within seconds this is insane is this
the worst I've ever been in I don't
think we've ever had one like well we're
gonna have to completely change my
jacket just in like 130 seconds I'm so
crazy we had to go see it though it was
intense that we had to check that out
okay we're running because there's like
a major storm going on whoa that was
really loud thunder there's our street
that was a really loud thunder and the
Lightning was really right
this is like the worst moment ever
singing
we can run okay hold on I know you wanna
help me I like cannot give this up our
umbrellas broken is what you call
extreme monsoon I know this isn't the
trick is jung-ho endure this moment all
right why don't you use that umbrella
and try to carry him then I'm gonna
break it so yeah
damn Braille is totally broken here we
go lightning is really scary it's really
loud oh this is really really funny here
okay oh my gosh
they're super gonna come in the house
very soon
that's our back door it is literally
about 1 inch and coming in the mouth we
know what true well I guess we should
try picking up some of our stuff off the
floor just in case here's another view
of the yard so that is my foot
completely covered in water
look on our backyard
look it it's so close to coming out it's
like it's like what there's a stick
tight I'll walk over there aren't you
scared
oh my gosh c15 my face right now you see
them and they can be scared me
you guys we're gonna stop this water
from coming it enough everybody come in
Oh
more lightning so sweet we can shut
these doors my goal kind of stop it oh
my god more than their morale I mean
this is crazy
yes I have to do what if we use a mop or
a filling under there it's coming from
the doors oh my gosh
the whole house is flooding what do we
do maybe we should get in our car and go
to higher ground because the water is
coming in at a very rapid rate let's get
our soccer socks but I don't think tells
is gonna do anything in offer this we
know this we just walk around
sandir where are we try putting this we
can change clothes in it finally try
opening this bag here I honestly don't
think anything or not we're just morning
this is really really bad oh my gosh
we're literally this is crazy okay you
guys you guys your stuffs gonna get wet
everybody everybody start picking up
stuff everybody put stuff up on chairs
and tables quickly Gibson ukuleles your
shoes everything we got to get
everything off the floor the house is
flooding it's totally flooding
everything else it more quickly quickly
this is crazy I don't think I don't
think we should use towels to clean the
floors I don't think I'll help I think
we need to get all of our stuff off the
floors this is too much water for a
towel okay what I need you to do is
let's get all of our shoes and let's
just organize them a little bit okay can
you do that okay I know you wearing your
rain jacket you cute a baby this is
crazy look at the water is flowing and
you could see the dirt coming from
outside just flowing in the house there
is a lot of electrical outlets plugged
in you guys we need to fix that right
now Matt can you help we need to quickly
unplug the lamps all the kids get out of
the water all the kids get out of the
water unplug that lamb really fast I'm
gonna unplug this one just pull it out
of the wall real fast okay just pull it
out real fast
it blew and then we should be good
um yeah this this is really bad
everybody there's more stuff on the
ground we've gotta get things done hurry
David David someone gets it listen to
that thunder get all this stuff off the
floor clean it up on the benches David
can you grab this box possibly and put
on the couch pour on that on that
everybody help put the box up little
baby you're soaking wet is so happy this
is really really bad because the house
is slightly sloped a little bit this way
oh it's it's super deep I don't know
what to do about this this is crazy this
is the downstairs bedroom you can see
there's water coming in you can kind of
see where it everywhere this is all
water I'm sorry
maybe it'll dry oh look at this Oh
everywhere we're stepping in water it's
going all the way it's about to leave
your room oh my gosh this is crazy the
rain outside is slightly slowing down
our house is still totally flooded kind
of gross because now he's got like dirt
all over the floors really flooded isn't
it all the way in the whole kitchen I
know it was so bad out there I was too
scared to go holy fun in here daddy was
able to kind of get it to stop coming
through the doors it was super fast rate
though by putting all that stuff up
there so we're gonna quickly dinner
because any minute our
we gonna lose power and the flooding is
crazy and because there's a lot of flash
flood warnings going on for the whole
island we're supposed to go upstairs
where we can be safe just in case it
gets worse so we will just kind of check
in with you guys every once in a while
and let you know how this craziness is
going were facetiming my parents right
now we're telling them all about it our
back door is not too bad right now you
can see that it's dripping well you
probably can't see but I can see it I
can hear it it's dripping down into this
towel you can kind of see that there's a
lot of water here too it's a good thing
they said all those alerts out cuz I'm
like three or four alerts - Oh at least
three or four alerts also have this
stuff all the time but this was serious
ring yeah this is like actually a flash
flood like if someone hadn't known I
mean I've lived in Louisiana Texas
Florida I know rain but this is this is
serious this is real rain sweeten it up
a little bit trying to get a little
water to go out how nice cutting the
bread I'm starting to eat my food
standing up the boys are still over here
cleaning
you're coming over there I just changed
clothes because it's so cold just from
like being so wet for so long and if
you're wondering why I'm eating
separately from the kids it's because
I'm lactose intolerant so we make my
food separately for theirs Christine's
also allergic to garlic onions this is a
lactose free garlic onion fries lasagna
yes that's right it's not just a note
that I can't use so I made her first
with her ears mine about 20 minutes nice
and clean everybody else's have a lot
more flavor but to me this Easter the
idea knowing both got a dry outfit you
want to go play you know he was so cold
cuz he got soaking wet he says only if
daddy's holding me huh only if daddy
goes in with me
look you have a friend look now he's
happy he's awesome willing he got his
way you got daddy to go in literally
this little boy is only happy when
someone's just sitting in there with him
don't play yes you want a boss baby this
is a boss baby right here yes you know
it is so funny they like mad could just
be sitting in there he doesn't have to
be touching him but if he leaves a home
will cry look at you look at you hi the
kids are still out there checking out
the water it is still raining yes you
don't even know though you're just
living a happy life so the water is
going down a little bit you can still
tell though it's definitely still in
here it's a little bit deep in some
places
we'll check over here Oh yucky sound
dirt that's pretty gross we've also got
leaks in the bathroom so we're catching
them did you have an idea to put a towel
on the ground
he did save the day you're a good saver
we're going down to check out the beach
we're gonna see how it is since it was
crazy earlier man it is windy right now
and it's still very windy but the rain
has led up just a little bit it's a lot
better than it was though just a little
bit of water not quite as much there
it's kind of pretty sunset though look
at that this is the rain off from the
street still coming out of the gutter
going back to the ocean
definitely windy
I know it's a lot of water
everyone's eating in different spots
because we've got stuff like everywhere
trying to keep it off the ground are you
guys super hungry guys I can Chris here
eating our house I realize it looks like
a complete disaster that's because we
had to put everything up as fast as we
possibly could I know everybody's super
hungry
David's eating in here at the couch I'm
noticing how wet your hair still is
David we're wringing out towels so we
can reuse them down there well guys
we're okay we're safe it was the
absolutely insane storm something we've
never ever experienced oh and obviously
is a little fussy over there so he wants
our attention we're gonna say goodbye
for now unless anything gets crazier
then we'll be back bye
you
