there's a little bit of flavours are
going through all the flowers that are
blooming hearing there's so many pretty
okay Michael Oh a little bit said I am a
little bit sad water on your head that's
okay wasn't water inside we're all meant
I could be nice people at the end of the
trail down there before we started were
passing out popsicles what the Ohio we
took one of them kind of lively because
it's really hot today
we are complaining about the cold
weather and I'm like man it's hot
there you go we're going to try to go
over everybody can appreciate exactly
see but on the one recording let you see
that little things right yeah I just
looked on that hill I'm sure was a sight
to see
pregnant ladies sliding down a dirt hill
but it's okay it wasn't bad
Holly woke up the baby though
okay well it's really hot as you can
tell but I'm like letting all my face
I'm hardly doing anything it's really
got some good pictures right yeah okay
one bill we're about done yeah it's a
hot day and flick straight uphill okay
so we're going to go back
go ahead
honey was hot can't afford some water on
him but that is not what you know you
want to drink some water instead buddy
you can get easily the most rivers per
thing you don't want to keep cover here
okay let's you knows that better luck
there we go gorgeous color also orange
that's the California copyright really
right expensive - I'm not jumping lotta
fun because it's super hot egg is full
we need to go swimming I think even when
I school really hold out of public room
right now I'm like cause it feels really
good to back on one ticket pretty nice
like a nice it is you know we're on the
way down everybody survived it was hot
but we're got back to the car and I'm
glad we went because these flowers might
not be like this next year I don't know
harder we have so many flowers right now
because it was so rainy this season did
all the wild flowers are just going
crazy in bloom so it was a pretty pretty
fight to be most people in Austin are
back with some snow cone look feel good
anyways yeah
outside missing King not looks good man
they're seated remembering Carrie
I got recognition pursued me let's go
straight to the athletes Cuban ring this
is my snowcone the sugar distance a way
with cinnamon sugar and cream I don't
really know what I'm making I've been
working on all the extra wine is good
look at my videos yeah I do for you what
we've done myself I really did a rainbow
flavor - yeah what's the best flavor
Christmas cumulative fu - all right
Queen on games with three no resemblance
what my full swing yes this is not a
ball up good and sour great small you
mean smashing yes we have a feeling
Michael's mother finishes need really
kinda like we're doing oh I think you
speak much and you need to top off and
finally look really good
it looks like it to track something it
looks so good and look in the middle
oh here it is open and then you feel on
rocky sucks you open jacket okay yeah
but this is carrying a blue very mixed
together
that's funny Alissa and David yours
looks about the same you know she has
the hot purple and David had blue and
red nice lips
you got purple lipstick on yeah this is
real stick know their plan you know and
enjoy your mom okay happy attention
lovers looking for actors did you train
a small village near do you know what
that's those heart you know why you guys
come on is our assembly time there are
always beautiful like dropping their
cards and getting along but and gross
yeah and their paper but neither plastic
which means even going to black when
you're playing again you know Luna
that's very cool okay thanks for
watching our day bye
yes Lauren just feels the porch dollars
they're very exciting colorful no
individual easily follows along anoxia I
didn't think I mean quite as much I've
never
