hi everybody well you guys have been
asking over and over and over in the
comments for a baby update so I'm going
to give you guys one today the first
question you guys have been asking a lot
is my due date I'm due on May 20th and
I'm thirty weeks along you're probably
also been wondering why I've been
skipping some of the uploads lately I
pretty much never skip uploads the late
ledges been so tired I walk around all
day and I'm chasing after the kids and
it's just a lot of work I've been really
tired I haven't had energy to upload and
edit things lately so I'm trying my best
but it just been hard
so overall everything's going pretty
well I think a lot of people also
wondering about cravings and I have not
had any strange cravings I don't think I
really have with any of my pregnancies
but I generally do crave something sweet
so the thing that I've been eating the
most of on a regular basis would
probably be frozen yogurt I like frozen
yogurt anyway but I get it like at least
once a week I would say like at night
I'm just like oh my gosh I need some
frozen yogurt so bad so I'll get some of
that I eat a lot of almonds I'm trying
to get a lot of protein which is hard
because I'm running around all the time
so at times I'll look in the mirror and
I'll realize I look really pale and I'm
like okay I haven't eaten for a while so
I'm trying to keep on track with that
because I know it's important
and then there's names that is probably
the hardest thing for me right now I
feel like I've used all my favorite
names I don't know what I'm going to
name this poor poor baby I have a couple
ideas but like nothing that I'm just
like that's it that's the name I was
thinking I want to do a Be Named maybe
or a J name and I don't really know so
feel free to leave suggestions because
maybe one of you guys will say names I'm
going to be like that day that's the
name because I just every name I go over
I'm like no can't do that one can't do
that one or I know somebody with that
name or I don't like that name because
it doesn't shorten to something or that
names too long and I don't
Oh like for example I like the name Jack
I think it's a cute name but I don't
necessarily like the name Jackson so
it's tricky because like what's a longer
name that could be shortened to Jack I
don't know so it's a dilemma baby names
are hard sometimes I feel like I have
all these great little girl names but
boy names I'm kind of struggling
adventures a while back that I was
having a lot of issues with like
circulation and stuff like that the good
thing is the temperatures have warmed up
here so I'm not having any that kind of
stuff anymore so that's good my fingers
are not turning white
I guess on the contrary to that though I
have swollen ankles not super bad but
when I'm up all day standing and not
taking any time to rest then my ankles
will be swollen at the end of the day so
I look forward to letting in my bed and
popping up my feet so that they can
Unseld but I've had swollen ankles with
all my pregnancies so that's not really
seeing new for me other than that that's
like the only bad thing
I've been staying pretty active so I
don't feel like I've just been sitting
around gaining as much weight as I
usually do because usually with my
babies I just am super sick and I'm
haven't been super sick this time so
it's been nice because usually it'll be
like I'm so sick and so nauseous so bad
so I just can't stop eating because if I
don't have a snack all the time I'll
feel like I'm going to pass out and I
haven't felt that way this time so
that's also been kind of a nice change
for this pregnancy I think one other
thing besides my ankles being swollen
that I forgot to mention is it annoying
out of bread I feel like I have no space
in my lung so you'll notice I'm like
taking these big old breaths when I'm
trying to speak and it's because I like
have no space a baby has pushed
everything up and I like I can barely
get a breath out these little tiny
amounts of space and so it's like big
breasts okay I can go on so but that's
not something that's no big deal so
hopefully that answers most of the
questions you guys might have I tried to
talk about everything I could think of
on the next video coming out is going to
be my nursery video and I I've been like
dying to do the nursery I'm cannot wait
to do it I
I don't know I'm just excited I feel
like it makes the baby seem even more
close to being here I guess so I'm going
to show you my belly so you guys can see
it and if you have more questions I
could make another baby update
I didn't realize everybody wanted one so
bad so I just haven't been talking about
it that much there Isabelly I'm kind of
sticking it out this if I stand up
straight Meredith I think in like the
last week or two weeks I suddenly did
kind of pop out because every where I
was going
no one knew I was pregnant I mean I
would tell someone I was pregnant maybe
like you're expecting they look at me
all confused and I'm like I don't just
look like this this isn't just hi so
looking but I guess some people they
just thought that I look so I'm kind of
happy to I I think I look a little more
pregnant because I was getting
frustrated that everyone just I just
looked I guess like I wasn't like kind
of chubby I don't know so anyway I'm
happy because I have a little bit of
belly and at least I think I do I can
see as though anyway guys hope you all
have a great day thank you for being
understanding and realizing this it's
going to be a little tricky uploading
over the next little while but I'm going
to do my best and I'll try to forget all
perhaps just fall asleep and go to bed
without doing it but thank you guys have
a great day bye
