you guys look like you're about all
ready for bed something we like to do is
read stories at night don't you
so we thought we would share with you
guys a story time routine so you guys
want to go get a book close to me sure
there's lots of books to choose from -
whoa then right now I'm yeah okay bring
it right out okay we're going to read a
wild day with dad it's what Michael
picked up one morning daddy said let's
have a wild time we'll act like animals
all day long like mink
yeah we'll hop on a bed like kangaroos
Boing Boing Boing yeah well stretch like
cats well swing like a monkey he's
playing back I'm chingon months laughs
you young G will wrestle like bears
great hug squeezer like that and when I
did is done you'll sleep like tired
puppies yawns good night my little ones
okay who's next me don't text back okay
okay rumble Rumble hear that truck at
the wheel is dump truck duck on his way
to a great big big honking as you Sears
his rig the site is where he'll be
working all day clearing hunks of junk
away making room for other trucks driven
by some other duck
he fills the truck to the top with
gravel grass and kriti block was brambly
brush and slimy stuff the truck can take
it the truck okay good yeah yeah he's a
duck Billy who's over zakopane saya a
dozer duck and digger duck drive their
trucks right through the muck the trap
wheels turn the dirt road shake from
grinding gears and screeching brakes
with their vests and hard hats on Fat
Duck dig up this rubbery log clouds of
dust and dirt appear as the fight begins
to clear pull that lever dozer duck
drive that dirt up to the truck who can
move this muddy mound and haul it over
the grubby ground a webby Flynn steps on
the ground as dump truck duck roars with
the grass floor scoop scoop some dirt
forth of the air see how bigger text
them they're flat they fall into the
truck and sometimes full-on dump trucks
dad look and Saul on his head a whistle
blows when there's enough the truck can
take it the truck is tough bumping
bouncing down the road ready for another
load
he honks the horn and calls out quack
then dump truck duck drives right on
back whoa what was that awful sound
something crunches on the ground the big
truck shudders to a stop don't ya think
popped up the top and take a look
beneath the hood the trucks not working
like it should
Oh once the smoke has cleared away he
understands the big delay an engine
jammed with thorns and twigs can't keep
up with other rigs do that yeah what's
he going to do
one by one the Ducks must pluck quickly
stickers that got stuck the work is hard
the work is rough but ducks can take it
ducks are taught the three truck duck
will all high-five when the Builder does
the ride gardener desk lay out some sod
root by root quad by claude this is a
really colorful thing doesn't it all
working it's looking pretty cool oh yeah
alas the long day's work is done a new
park circles in the Sun that's what they
were building the Ducks are aired the
Ducks are proud they smile as a happy
crowd who then dirty Ducks jump in the
creek to wash each other foot and beak
they flap their wings they dive into a
belly flop and triple flip dust load
their trucks and hop inside buckling up
for a bumpy ride as the stars trying to
the night they dream of a new
construction sites a bridge a road a
brand new nest building is what ducks do
best
that was a good one the end you gave a
um Teddy cake okay now Pig look after
our duck boat tonight okay if you give a
pig a pancake
I think I'm ready funny if you give a
pig a pancake she'll want some spirit to
go with I think that's her friend and
yeah you'll give her some of your
favorite maple syrup how long she'll
probably get all sticky
hmm social want to take a bath sure
she'll ask you for some bubbles for you
when you give her the bubble she'll
probably ask you for our toy you'll have
to find her ever duck a duck for
reminder of the farm where she was born
she might feel homesick and want to
visit her family
I want you to come too she'll look
through your closet for a suitcase
that's what she's doing she's in a huge
mess then she'll look under your bed
I'll look under the bed to make another
big mess then go and use under the bed
she'll find your old tap shoes so try
them on she'll come when you something
special to wear with them
oh no now she's going through the
dresser when she's all good she'll ask
for some music you'll play your very
best tea on peace and she'll start
dancing
then she'll want you to take her picture
so you'll have to go get your camera
once you to use the picture there it is
welcome to take more then so want to
send one to each of her friends you'll
have to give her some envelopes and some
stamps and take her to the mailbox on
the way she'll see a tree in your
backyard
so what about a pretty house so you'll
have to get us some what a hammer and
some nails and when the treehouse is
spinning so she's sitting in all the
water she'll want to decorate it she'll
ask for wallpaper and glue and well at
least the girl is a Philistine yeah and
wish you hang as a wallpaper she'll get
all sticky feeling sticky we'll remind
her of your favorite maple syrup so
probably ask you for some and chances
are if she asks you for some syrup we
think she went oh okay here really think
so pancakes
there's a lot of things to go with it
literally she's a tired and this pig
like let's go let's go that was a good
one too mom that's mine okay this is mad
some guys some dogs do you know who gave
us this book Phil nem oh yeah oh yeah
she gave us a book if you like hugs
yeah like amazing coming at me - what
okay this is since when since that offer
school one day a happy feeling came his
way it filled him up so much
he found his posh is lifted off the
ground without a home without a wife it
felt up towards the sky through whirling
paths of clouds he twirled above a tiny
town world in the land of Sun and Moon
like a doggy sing school in at school
Sid asked his best friend Ben did you
see me fly just a dopey doc came Ben's
reply you're a dog and dogs don't fly
but I did said Sid I did I did in the
classroom said said hey guess what I
flew to school today his classmates
giggled yelled and yelled dog felt fly
to school day house but Adi did sense if
I did miss Mayer the teacher shook her
head now said you shouldn't lot if he
said all dogs walk jump and run but dogs
don't fly it can't be done but I did Ben
said Gus says Bry if you can fly come
outside
let's see you try sis happiness had gone
by then he tried to get it back again he
thought about the clouds up high and
then he jumped towards the sky flop you
see it is a dog said Gus was paused for
walking just like a that will teach you
not to lie now you know that dogs don't
fly when Sid walk home from school that
day it seems long and lonely when once
at home with mom and dad deep inside he
still felt bad he did the things he
always did but something wasn't right
with Sid his dad came out and asked
what's up you see one happy little pup
Sid sat staring at the sky and all he
said was dogs don't spawn
this dad slowly raised his head I know a
secret said he said can you just keep it
safe inside puts the secret fitters life
she turned around and then he knew 9mm
secret zero because of their ploy kids
happy eyes were open wide I knew it
daunted to fly he cried SIDS dad said
come five in case and that's exactly
what they did
do dogs lie is it true come god-self
and some dogs do you do
this one's called night night group
night night great it's time for bed time
to rest your sleepy head I am Groot the
day was long and filled with fun thank
group don't go to sleep yet must be his
friend come on buddy
think of all the things you've done you
play games of friends and you jumped
around another thing out of our way
Avengers real heroes coming through now
it's time to settle down and he's saying
I'm driving I'm Groot bad guys well that
worked
boom night-night
tiny little tree time to let your dreams
on free night-night poor not done saving
the world yet this guy just doesn't want
to go to sleep
and do not fear wall on your dreamland
ride even the Hulk are on your side look
those guys think how many holes are
there to look like a bunch of big guys
all your friends will keep bad dreams
away your friends are here to save the
day
they'll bring a hammer they'll bring it
they'll bring their kicks and a spin
attack still keep watch over you and
guard the door they'll lift those bad
guys off the floor so sweet dreams
the day is past with trying to make two
hours last wonderful things happen so
fast making a big quite a blast
well look at this guy's we're kind of
going on the ant we have a better way
and Hulk store it's cut around yeah yeah
yeah great way I left a lot of cool
characters there the day is now done and
Superfriends say night-night group you
had a wonderful day with this like
Michael Phelps thank you I know you
missed the end of the book you guys are
event yeah Florida I know I'm never
ready for day and I can just meet the
whole night the father is Wow I know
sometimes the kids get to read their own
big chapter book from their beds but
when we do all together we do these
little fun picture books huh yes awesome
okay let's get ready for bed okay good
night Morgan a good night good night
ah I love you I'm gonna run me a buzz
greater good 95 and we go I can hear you
the bed
goodnight mommy love you see you to our
house in the morning right see you in
the morning love you love you tail good
morning niggas new yes up here boy
morning please correctly please okay
there you go pick you up love it love
you I love you good night
you don't want to kiss thank you
you never have you mama love you
Oh
