hi guys today we're doing a girl last
night
we're doing hello kilo we did this
before Alyssa's talented with so much
fun that we were off camera trying to
like take it from us so we got a lot and
we're going to do it all together so we
can all think part yeah thank you guys
writer boring and what Connor going to
the top see with the welding you fix
your mistakes last night and then a tip
in some gel appeal which is different
look guys it's different than what we
already have here flat is gonna spot my
favorite runners they all keep stops is
really a real Oh
welcome to present here very cool so
look at both you on yeah okay I found
quick one I put a pencil on all ports
well do bad okay we have a lot of these
now let's go although these ones all
blown the dark to a little oh look how
cute look at the paradigm I'm not sure
your life here work you will get a lot
of Gallup you can do it all yes guys on
here we know that number one so drive
with your eyes closed
how'd you do that huh well basic your
experience yes okay we're all ready to
start what you guys wanna do first
um glow with our feet okay and I'm going
to make a fruit or something to you Oh
Mike wasn't me
I want to try to beat you can New Jersey
oh away station
and you can cure an atheistic it's good
to be a super towel with this because
you can like put the residue and you're
done little cap Stoppers yes which by
the way is one of the best parts of
doing this when it gets all full of the
gel appeal you can use this and like
crap it out and it's actually kind of
fun oh it is you love me so much
okay so for these one you take your
little plastic seat stick it on top and
then you put your jealousy over and over
it I'm going to do this strawberry and
what are you doing that girls already
love you what though I always do the
same thing only here's my first one
wouldn't I wait for it to dry and then
we'll fill it up beautiful
I'm going to make this little bracelet
right here I'm going to make it purple
and pink I'm going to kind of make it a
little bit not exactly following the
mold but it'll still look cute I'm just
going to let that bracelet I started dry
for a few minutes so I can add the
purple to it
the trick is making sure we get all
these pieces to touch each other
otherwise it won't be an actual bracelet
one more time then we peel it off making
some bracelets here some of them are
blown the dark
I started makes us sick so this is not
bored with just three colors I'm making
mine a little bear campaign
so I just did three bracelets these are
going to fit Alyssa probably perfectly I
did this one here and then I did have
fun here and then it is the other one I
don't know oh this over here that's cool
okay I like you I like going along with
that it looks like I was very careful
and clip my plastic but it's clear I
didn't realize totally something outside
I think it might come on I don't know I
was gonna do this with the ripping this
bake but how did with it
I know just making sure no a little hair
going out
I think I want to do this in two phases
I'm going to do like the pink and kind
of like let it sit there I'm going to
try it if you like to be stylist
actually go okay so that's the beginning
of my little smiley face with a bow I'm
a little time for a couple minutes and
I'm going to add some yellow to it I
finish your cookie I like it looks
pretty oh look how good she did really
cute Wow she's better than I am gone
well they look like a mime again I don't
develop you all well it's okay right
yeah but isn't quite perfect I think
what time is didn't let this Alyssa have
ulcers I know how I just did everything
so fun I want to make Hittite dude
it doesn't Chanukah cool I did
everything we ever have done I think
that I am the most jealous all of us I
like you I'm adding to your name while
most of you like it hold on take it
zero cool you like this big thick
cold I was back to the small school you
know what I didn't do that one I didn't
scrape the pink off so the Pink's
probably going to be as it is put my
yellow although the scrape off and make
slime I really can't see it looks like a
so it works really well it's pretty flat
sometimes the other side that'll be cute
only pull it out I think what are you
making now look at
are those earrings here in there yes
those are so cute
I'm getting better at making these cute
little oh jeez you are like Savannah
emoji hearts always love these little
market me unlike a lot of cycles how
about you do some likes of this peaches
color and put it for the Intendant ears
and let me do it I am cute
well we're basically filled with
everything we're making now it's got to
let it sit for like 15 minutes for some
of them but some of them take like 4
hours to dry so we're going to load on
all six and then we're going to come
back and assemble to lose my earrings
all kinds of stuff and this was a really
thick supply of Alyssa I'm just going to
be the for our dry right here or when
it's done it's going to be cool yeah oh
my gosh we're back
did you guys miss I didn't know we were
gone how could things it's up okay well
it took a little longer than we thought
to let all these drives is like we
figured these really really big ones are
going to take a little long so we leave
it overnight
yes we came back it's like cool today
was born yesterday but that's okay so we
get to do the fun part now peel it off
yes but this peeling things off and
cleaning out the tips I don't know why
that is this is rustic but we fight over
it it's kind of funny because house it's
embarrassing with drill license Kevin
Nick now we get to feel so hot so I'm
going to do well this one will actually
need an escape but we have to go there
first okay here we go we're seeing what
happens here I want our ability date it
seems like it's okay it's a little
easier on plastic on it in but it's like
it looks a design totally didn't get
wrecked if you don't have plastic and
paper is kind of shiny you could
probably do these without laundry if I
poke you I think it's kids
people following all the dark parts of
them Hill that one I think I did all
glow-in-the-dark it isn't a lot easier
to peel off but it goes like you and the
yellows Ozark on that right yes full in
the back you know
next we're going to do this one then one
climb one started by ELISA and finished
my mommy giving me the right to peel it
off oh okay I'll do you guys have
already fun it's big it is so cool look
at that for a giant ELISA think it's
cool though and then this is a little
that bracelet I mean won't turn on sure
Susan there it is
yeah yeah that's cute it's like lava
silly band I'm gonna get to you long
laughs now you and there's this one too
look how cute this one is halloo little
radio there's three more free subscribe
us unaware
now I steal the whiskers yes the
cookbooks a little cat racing right yes
isn't that one you know like you look at
a time when both the cold LF a clock did
to hurt you and this one has yellow glow
in the dark right yeah I call this the
BNA briefly there is what do you think
cute girls are so cute and a little icky
on you look Phil hey way I love you and
another pair on this two pairs mogees
within just 20 kilo bears earrings okay
here's this one I made oh wow what
happened to this um see it looks okay
okay here's the cool thing about this
one even though it doesn't look that
good look at it on the side it looks
pretty cool the color never really work
out yeah maybe I got better when I did
this one well oh my hand ha and that
kind of look like a duck I not
understand I thought because of my
lovely coloring Java kinda looks like a
duck that's okay we do this on people's
okay so it's like squishy which is cool
but it's a little thicker and roasting
well this is that there's little emojis
that I made this almost a little better
the eyes aren't quite as messed up
they're supposed to be hard it's really
cute from the side if you just look at
it like that it looks just about perfect
but then when you turn it like that
one's a lot look at it that way oh you
need to trim off the edges a little
distant star turned out well
looking like a little heart okay your
look that is then it show good oh and
when he clearly this is a kid back to
inaudible I didn't like what was the
first one and we did humanity her thing
look at that oh yeah I made that rainy
maybe my bones new very song do you well
there's the side view of this cute
little cookie Alyssa perfectly made this
is a little strawberry that she made
also very cute and you can see the
texture on that thank you
oh oh that's cute yeah Oh Rach you Hey
oh yeah can I thank you
awesome we made a bunch of really cute
things appearing all these cool wall
things up here 3d ones and then last but
not least we have to do please
I like to stick with this plate off oh
well yeah I mean there's all the species
to me
I'm airing on and it kills oh very cute
miscue oh yes
normally did this one better I think we
got this one better than the last one we
did some really good with our matching
till appeals hearing this is a really
good decoration it's like a lot mo all
like something but it's not a like fun
oh wow oh wow it's funny Dean when they
look to you at the same time however
your neck isn't matches your head and
does a store like this
okay their drivers Ofunato today I got
great to meet you a necklace very cute
you look adorable it kind of matches
your different I'm sure those coming on
like the orange and yellow we need to go
in the closet you better figure out all
the girls at our stuff yeah I need to go
into anything that's nice and light
yellow if you play this close and here
we go the glow room I can't answer yet
oh look at all that your necklace
separate hearing stars blow Lashon oh
you're so chill
there's my earrings I can see I'm
glowing that is pretty cool he is
joining being Stanford I broke it good
to do Magellan something
right that's a good and I'm going to add
wherever I'll feel to it addicted I love
that one I made no nice Jerry is going
to be very careful
oh so careful and if you're a little
older too strong because if not you
might rip them fantastic there you go I
hope you guys had as much fun watching
our yellow Co video and he had making it
we had a lot of fun wait thanks for
watching
