hi everybody oh she's throwing crayons
at us already how's everybody doing
hope everybody's doing great we're just
at dinner thought we'd say hi to you
guys check in say hello hopefully the
reception is good today because we're on
Wi-Fi so let me know how it looks you
did a good job coloring everybody's
coloring
hello looks nice he's never gonna be
done but he's doing a good job I wanna
see he's doing such a good job something
thank you please oh look at that look at
a good job II did Wow great Michael
Feazell winces okay guys so you guys can
ask us some questions cuz we love
answering questions and there's one what
time is it what time is it anyway Matt I
don't even know I don't even know what
time of day 49 8 49 this is a really
late dinner that's why I titled this
video
yeah 70 degrees
it's nice hello Rebecca who asked her a
shout out so I was gonna tell you guys
what we did today
I might not read the comments but I have
to tell you we did something so funny we
snorkelled and we saw the but it was
like crazy the best fish best darkling
I've ever done in my entire life and I
still put a lot of times I circled in
different countries I circled like here
in Hawaii I just done it a lot I've
never seen so many finish like this ever
there was like this one fish it was so
unless we have to show how big it was it
was huge
okay you guys can help show how big it
was it was so big and it was rainbow it
was amazing it was like so cool you guys
I was screaming so loud I talked about
this in my blog too because I have my
snorkel on and all of a sudden I see
this fish and talking how does think of
my mouth I was like oh
so I'm like screaming in the ocean and
my sister's there she thought that I saw
a shark or a jellyfish she didn't even
know what it was because I was going
crazy when I saw this fish because it
was so pretty it was amazing and we
looked on this chart afterwards and it
shows all the different fish you could
possibly see and it turns out this one
that we saw is like the biggest of all
the fish you could find out there and we
actually saw it was just really really
cool so I did film it it's gonna come
out in a mommy Monday vlog since you
guys another see it too but it was
really cool one that was like a
highlight of our day today
so anyway how old is Alyssa she's 11
so you guys have a favorite food in
Hawaii like I made that favorite food
shaivites is always good
she lost pineapple we never get to get
seafood daddy likes seafood why do you
love mac and cheese
okay Madonna's the pressure melissa is
why do you love pineapples McEntee I
think that they go David
our foods coming look at that chicken
caesar applesauce
thanks Michaels does a favorite animal
Michael Komodo dragon Chris owls
border collies yes Tigers here you go
they're gonna get your fines right
we got the sweet potato fries slightly
more healthy than regular fries so
someone said that he was also Alyssa
okay I'm gonna go over a questions as
fast as I can because we're gonna eat
here in just a second wife is coming out
last I think because I have my allergies
do you guys have a favorite school
subject art the whole of art you know
there are good artists science is it too
hot blow on it
that's blow well both blow what's one
doing you just finished his bottle and
he's hoping there be a little bit more
oh no he's looking at
oh it's huge look at that too hot you
got a big one too okay
so how old is that one he's nine months
thank you for sitting he's cute you guys
have a favorite chip favorite chips
daddy does okay you can get these the
corn chips they're made of beans it's
like a new thing to Daddy said like them
regular barbecue does anyone like hippos
you guys like hippos they're cool
all right this you can't even see it
- Alyssa do a cartwheel I don't chicken
tikka trying somebody is watching it at
two o'clock in the morning in New Jersey
I know well we do have the best fans
ever really everybody who watches our
videos you guys we love you guys you
guys are awesome we appreciate you guys
watching so much they're awesome we love
our fans we love meeting the guys we
meet you guys in public and we love that
you guys watch our videos we appreciate
yes the kids make a lot of friends when
you guys lock up then sometimes I get a
chance to play with you guys when four
people comes in our kids yes they have a
friend named Kennedy they met there's
daddy's food you guys gonna check this
out look easy there we go we won't zoom
emily's what does watch so good I guess
I asked him as soon as you took a bite I
don't even think you had a chance to
answer or even taste it really looks
good someone said they love our channel
thank you I was somebody else lives in
Honolulu nice let's see somebody else
lives in Bulgaria Wow in Jordan Oh
flamie - thank you for the super chat Oh
Michael
that's for you playing oops on my house
that's for you clean YouTube thank you
it was nice
someone's in Finland and it's 9 o'clock
in the morning tomorrow morning I want
same thing with Israel and Cambodia its
1:56 the kids will have four chocolate
milks for the boys and living
don't that came for you thank you yes we
are American and why don't we think of
Japan someone asked what we think of
Japan that's a good question when I was
a kid yes I'd love to go to Japan when I
was a kid we used to have Japanese
foreign exchange students so I learned a
lot of Japanese actually I learned to
count I learned to say a little prayer I
learned little things when the Japanese
students and I really loved it hey
ichi-san she'd go roku shichi hachi who
jewel that was one through ten so I love
Japanese stuff I love like Japan I would
love to go there and I would love to
have a foreign exchange student if we
could but I probably want to keep them
because I'd like think it was my seventh
child I wouldn't want to give my
exchange student back but yeah Japan's
awesome would love to go visit one of
these days how long have you been on
YouTube kind of a lot of years in a
while yeah well I guess we should go
because I want to eat my food it's gonna
get cold
but we just wanted to say hi to you guys
and it's great live-streaming with you
guys we love saying hi and I miss all of
you guys and we don't get to like talk
to you guys on live stream so we're
trying to do it more often because it
makes me sappy doesn't it make you guys
happy I love saying hi I love hearing
where everyone's from and after the live
streams over I'll keep leaving comments
yes we love the question and we love
hearing where everyone's from so keep
telling us that I don't think we're
gonna have time
okay guys favorite ice cream last
question chocolate pineapple chocolate
and then a lot of chocolates
kawaii potato hello okay I guess
discover that flavor we're at Milan
cookies and cream okay
daddy says rocky road you're Wellcome
Francine your question okay but we're
gonna go everyone say goodbye
