hi guys welcome to mommy Monday we're
going to start today off with some
exercise
Oh
did you get the balls give them the
crane
hard to get to it one well
well good job with that we have all
these coupons we've been getting like
you know when you go shop somewhere and
you get like a $5 coupon or $15 you want
to come back so we're going to use them
and we're going to use them all on
Alyssa right yeah and maybe some of the
boys right yeah including a little um
Oreo cool London I found in my purse yes
we've got a good boy yeah some Oreos
it's like 50 cents off and expires in
five days yes we're going to use that
yeah you should totally get this Michael
alright that's totally him 100 thank you
sir I can't believe you guys are
probably pretty Susan Susan pretty well
we're already on to the second store
because we couldn't find anything we
liked on the sort the first store so
we're going to try something online
hopefully we'll find something in here
though right yeah we're hopeful we like
the store oh that's so pretty and look
at this one right since we force you
super cute huh let's face it no more
than a necklace I got some fan mail
oh you're right looks a lot like it when
you got mm-hmm do you like that just
pretty little ready
oh that one's cute
I think it's cute we found these cute
leggings and we were looking for a shirt
and Alyssa came across this pineapple
shirt which is perfect right yep yeah
little pretty jacket isn't it look at
the inside of the Sun and they're
burning now we're clearance Shopp being
slant finding like everything I can get
that might be Alyssa's size and super
cheap and we're going to hopefully get
some good deals going look at your
thighs do you guys have more of these
that's not right now you have I think it
was too big in size of 14 I think okay
good okay yes we need to find his eyes
yes where should we go next thank you
how about the baby section it's right
there show me sis you have your license
oh that's so cute
i meanwhile was driving like a crazy
person what that's really cute I think I
want to get this it's kind of cute what
love arches look excuse me here I was
kind of - maybe you'll consider it
something 50 Llosa my pet peeve is if
these are 100% cotton and they always
wrinkle so then you have to iron them it
never looks as good after the fraternity
where we went in to spend our $30 and
well we spent a little bit more right so
we got something for every one of the
boys and our new baby and Alyssa so not
bad ok and when you know what I made yep
we have to return a couple things
because we found a better prize a
different store but we're using Alyssa's
bike she made on her channel if you did
not watch a DIY crafts video you guys
got to go watch it because you did a
good job
um can we eat one you like white no I
want to maybe get like one of the wheat
ones I think we're picking out boring
stuff bread
I think really going on a car cleaning
and I hope immutable momma's long time
to go to the corner over there thank you
you know your logo fries are right Thank
You Griffin offer we had a picnic lunch
in synthetic you know there's always
being look hold on
why does mean supposed to be a mom but
you can do up show fasting dish
I got taller than her that's a good
question I'm taller than me huh
is it fun no but she's still my mom I'm
just taller than her new core Idol it's
a soccer game our kids have soccer
pretty much every single day of the week
right now because of the different teams
that they're all on
there goes Alyssa
get it go get it all of us take it
plugging their back
mother
did you get her okay
yeah okay yeah oh you got so good monkey
bars Wow I know a sort of sprinkle out
here
you know that you're good at
he's done this like five times in a row
you're super strong again hard
you're really strong
good job I think we should go because
the kids talked me into going the frozen
yogurt again I think we should go they
told the kids it was five dollars Philip
and the kids are going a little bit
crazy hair happy Humana meet another
half yeah oh my goodness look at yours
lay hold on let me look at the corners
sighing carefully don't spill are you so
happy
good job I can't get up here the problem
yeah yeah you're gonna get it soon good
job whoa whoa daddy is going crazy too
oh no oh boy look at yours Chris have a
feeling no one's gonna finish their
Odyssey why are your teeth
chubby teams are making hot chocolate in
compost if you guys can eat all this
sighs Michael oh you got a doormat sighs
OH
like I would have did to who would not
be able to finish that we're going to be
taking it home gaining that you wonder I
know it's raining got a little cold in
it
Michael we decided it was time for a
list of the bumper cars Oh Kevin so I
will fill it infom are you helping us
even yes and it will say to me oh yeah
it's game time oh look eliciting like
this one hello jack okay though it's a
little oh do you yeah
Davida we're doing the surprise ones for
ELISA okay to be organizing everything
over here train is blending yes my
captors and oversee okay I kind of
already the other thing I think it's
harder than it looks pretty good yeah
okay I probably got it out yes sure I'm
very opening stuff over Saturday yeah
anyways I like it okay okay
she's really trying to organize napkins
briskly squeegee good we did open up
this one you got for Christmas
well I see hundred does golden curse
somewhere they support us go into cheese
count ah yeah wash it actually I found
my favorite set of shopkins it's the one
that has a few on the top in the three
on the bottom just to the school I
reckon I went on the top I'm going to
put the top part I'll do it with you
face up there compacted ready Alyssa
called the boys over cuz we forgot to
tell what we got a little short day yes
and you can someone help them okay okay
oh you're welcome
and then this one's for Zach yeah so I'm
like when tomorrow we were looking
mostly in the girls section but we got a
couple voyage this is for vitality the
Vicodin are a new baby
all we got was an essay because it was
sensational and if you not debit januzaj
like why it's like for flying pattern
don't worry yeah I do live on clearance
it's got a lot of good deals
yeah you want so everything we got for
you Alyssa sure we kind of went crazy in
the girls Oh Mitch I'm sure you saw in
the video before that yeah we got pretty
dress it's always good too because it
was the only it was the only size yes
I'm sorry it was the only one that they
had yeah we had a big size yeah
I got to be objective examples are on
sale - we're going out with a cute
there are lost $5 - and they're so
pretty we get on this outfit okay this
one comes with well we figured out
doesn't how much but it's delayed my
master minutes on your dresser I mean I
have this Jack looks like daddy decided
that you like yeah forget you picked out
four really that's not a lot
than you got oh my god and almost I got
this shirt with those leggings yeah
Carrie to it we have a good day right
there and we make sure to get at least
one thing Paul you guys Rock you're
doing your really long Hampton well this
is numbers you're helping me organize
this drawer right here okay paint it yes
I had all the pens and pencils and
crayons and everything in it it was kind
of a disaster so she's perfectly
organized ekran' and the short thing is
your pens and pencils and pencils and
everything's okay
more crayon at it but it's busy really
organized we're done and this is her
sadly cracked icon I think Michael Myers
got it on the pile and it cracks and
that we don't know what another
inversion with our electronic lately
also I finally praying my favorite
pictures of the kids I love these
pictures which has a picture to
interfere and they're so cute I just put
a little frames we sit on top of my
calendar okay well here before and I'm
going to put the kids to bed
