follow me Mullin yeah you didn't hear
the crab those kinds of funny though huh
yeah whether it hurt and playing
writings on the long travels like
cooking the day yeah okay there's a
spinner oh good is there is who is this
oh yeah how about before we start
playing we separate the toys sold to all
the game toys anyone they want I'll and
then looks with the other player on
they're going to be like an omelet oh
yeah wonder that yes these are your
little favors very excited for watching
oh good you're up
you go to Hawkins to watch a clean game
dad flippers hit there and in the
infield
Michael Rutter workouts almost going to
clip you you guys ladies late yeah are
you ready honey
okay looks like everybody's ready
incomplete
he's going to hold this spinner and
you're going to spin the seashell and
whatever mr. raised panel lands on
that's what you have to put on pink
tentacle okay Michael you go first
spin it quickly Michael oh god you get
the red one that means you have to
typically Renault okay David Stern
I think david has to skip a turn - okay
Michael Caine very nice he was like be
very careful there you go goodness
nothing back up
hey I gotta be so careful just you wake
up pink then we're going to be those
dead people again can you put me in a
lot one of those one yep I brought my
red our Nemo we're getting a lot of
Mimas on there okay Michael saying oh I
think he got more pink okay
subscribe please you live in a hub animo
yeah be careful
you got it hey mr. anxiety helpful he'll
oh I'm gonna do
oh and I'm great yeah you got two times
oh why do you put two on yes any two you
want you can creep whatever - I didn't
do one evening my plunging in Berlin
okay numbers for an evening I hope you
guys are going to totally beat me in
this game I got more work I got ya okay
put them on that was pretty special
is going to do Oh Oh Michael I got Joey
story I was ready to pick up okay I got
pearls again
this time we're getting a lot of pink
line huh
booty breast the end up hey you got no
are gonna time my cousin like oh my god
so good is it you are oh I got a nice
little work my god guys this is scary
game feel this scary okay
are you like a dory
okay David screaming oh man oh let us
give it to you soon
I got salt and that's the Dory friends
oh thank you okay mommy - mommy playing
the sound oh I had to skip a turn no
okay I wasn't wearing my cooking is
amazing mommy and Damon the skipping
time buddies - Michael you get to put
two on which you are you gonna do okay -
Doris you put them anywhere onyx thank
you
I was just blue and yellow me I'm going
on here
she did
let me Stern and I got the yellow one
really I'm like enough Thomas a good dog
you sit GJ this thing awesome today
Katie thing he said a lot of closes on
here when I did you get
I think of the to time oh but you have
to put okay okay
kind of bro
here we go I quit me right here yeah oh
my gosh uh-huh
okay Michael it's your turn hey be
careful
you got two fabulous oh boy Thank You
The Fixer oh my gosh pretty fine of that
India's giddy awakening I know what you
know what you're gonna help Michael back
is we'll see if we can get him up there
hard for Samuel oh my god hey dave is
oppressive on I got I just like Wemo
yeah I'll get one yeah I can organ music
today Hey look you're insecure I didn't
think it would last as long I'm here I
thought oh one Guinea out I got us to
gift her Oh once a lowly gotta get a
good one cooking yes okay
mr. pink friend here's our mrs. pink
friend
really angry today
thanks for watching
