oh wow we're having like this intense
storm out here powers out
yes the power is out there is really
loud sounds of a surge protector but
what was it like a power surge deliver
was it was really loud I've never heard
the power go out like that before when
you scared Michael you can hear by
Michaels here at fish tank and what I'm
like really windy long a bunch of stuff
in the pool so guys we can look at are
things that the ones losing its really
singing oh man look at our God is very
comfortable
yeah let's decide to run a little break
right now
I know large palm trees that's a good
base for that I think is really bad and
that thing is on the potential to get
our kids that can't get the garage open
look at the rain oh my gosh it crazy
when I found your bed from your fan oh
my god I've never been this or like
would write the story no being prodded
oh my gosh look at the Corsair blue so I
go to a political hurricane nothing Oh
maybe some people have this kind of
weather we don't have this kind of
weather in California I've tried to call
NC it mom John powers out well let's see
what the weather is like in like Arizona
Nevada time to mail to King or Las Vegas
are all again when they go to teach it
in school again don't be scared if we
can't get them why don't we go through
all that part I mentioned the other day
they have stand back there we can get
the handbag that's whatever there is
just look at it it's going back and
forth like this is like a whirling right
Maria whoa look at this is crazy little
oh it's gonna break something what we
look at our largest illegal I was so
scared if you hurt herself
Oh No look at our Funes nose it's all
swollen you guys see that to time I know
when she's cleaning Puna poor thing
you're okay she's terrifying for the dog
Laura doesn't like the sound of the
smoke alarms beeping and when power went
out the smoke alarms sort of beeping in
our house in the high wind all those
trees it's all dark that's nice Michael
you're okay 214 are you scared
wonderful kinda like being alone in form
even though hot is out there you could
be happy
mmm needs her two legged friends
when you lighting because of the storms
yeah it's windy out there isn't it
suddenly there's some blue sky even
though it's really windy and rainy still
very strange weather here some of the
damage out front this is our window
right here and there's the plant over
there and all these little toys here
including that one under there in all
the water came from a list of the little
gardening set go over there we've got
boxes blown across Mountain sedatives
we've got some very oh my gosh oh my
gosh this is a really big one minute he
said there are some greenage this is
like more than some wow parking this is
a greater for hitter he there's a great
about right all of our dirt is supposed
to look nice and being a little area by
look another is for their great compact
as I gloat over to yeah their trash can
is humbled over Methodist palm leaves
everywhere outside oh my gosh okay you
know here's the inside of our truck this
is the only car we can use right now
because everything else that walk in the
garage gonna poultry what are called
creatures or is this this tree went
never leaning - tree and girls will get
a dollar
oh no and if you can push it oh no oh my
gosh is it going to be salvageable
though I can't believe that what's
already lost is straight
oh no highlight I can bring the dolly
through the house this is bed
yeah waddle on in here like it did not
go into our garage because it worded a
little bit it looks really bad out here
the whole streets it's a mess there's
another tree that should be standing
straight that's completely leaning over
here's some more of our yard pretty
flooded not trying to cut head ladder
but you can lean on it that we can help
with up all the vitals every going to
leave what you might be falling seems
like it's just so heavy it weighs a lot
it's 51 degrees Fahrenheit well and
windy and feels cold sorry were so if
you er know a lot of it we can fix it so
no I am all bundled up because it's
really cold out there and we're going to
go try to do some sandbagging I went
into Michael's room grabbing a jacket I
opened the window because there's no
power in the house we're going to try to
quickly go grab the kids and go protect
the front of our house you're not
Michael all bundled up and he's going to
show us how his shirt clothes the
perfect one look at that easy it
pretty cool huh yeah okay let's go gotta
go
so there's got a couple of rows rain
jacket well group we've got this Porsche
appears man delivering in the worst
storm ever there we go we've got the
power company hopefully working 50 to
restore power which is awesome here's
some more fallen branches another one
after dangerous fail there is the roof
and there's the tree
traffic moving a little bit on you a
little bit nervous Michael you saying
that you keep saying now but we're
holding in that's okay we'll be fine
here's another huge tree all the way in
the road completely out of the ground I
know we lost crazy huh hey guys are
super wet look at your jacket yeah
you're like soaking did you guys lose
power at your school oh you're lucky sit
in the buckle can you believe that our
palm tree women fell over crazy huh
we're going to go get some sandbags and
put them by our front door through our
house in the flood okay okay this is not
the usual car that we pick up the kids
in but I can't can't have that it's
working I guess your house could plug
well we're going to be careful so ours
doesn't bug we couldn't get our car out
of the garage or anything this is the
only way we could even get some toys
because there's no power
Oh Oh God raising on to the trees
residence higher tree guys those are all
the trees that have fallen over during
the storm
Wow crazy no big morning I know sweetie
Ness again look at that I was at my
camera
they're muscaria together
can you guys carry that it's pretty
heavy ok give this one even done well
you guys are strong I can't eat with
your hands have a good break
you can here's Michael for me yeah thank
you
I'm guessing care about how the others
like put it on the ground or heavy huh
now y'all help you these are really
heavy
there we go
so I get back in the car it's really
windy and rainy on your account dirty
you are a diesel dirty too but we got
our handbag oh I love you is a crazy day
huh a little bit scared
queers is trying to get home but the
flooding is really bad
a lot of volunteers on the Nexus
lay down our plan man
we have our power back on Oh what is one
thank you can you put in the trash for
me yes thank you all the kids got a bath
and they change clothes every warm
enough yeah we're pumping our heater
right now because in case the power goes
out it's super windy still outside so
we're heating the house up nice and warm
just in case we run out of power we
can't have the heater on tonight and
we're going to go out and try to some
fun as a family really fast and ride out
the storm I supposed to get like 13
inches of rain or something I know
though there's going to be a lot of rain
coming our way overnight
