and so many kisses yeah you're all over
yourself
aheri gone I love I love you
yeah can we tell what we're gonna play
Oh kissing game are you ready to play
how do we play the kissing game we can
see ya
the michael says to kiss me and I have
the kind of kiss him at the same time
are you ready yeah okay okay good I'm
getting - Michael is cheating he's
holding like no you gotta kiss me I'll
carry all fetishes you and you have to
kiss me back ready there we go I gotta
get me ready
you wanna say was ELISA
okay there you go
better daddy for good mommy didn't come
off oh yeah - Oh Kenny wants my Vince
daddy okay ah ready
well if you haven't figured it out the
object of this game is accessory other
robot because when I can kiss you
Michael and Danny made up this game
right yes I did favorite game one more
time ready
you always win the kissing games you
love you Susan hey Wendy okay let
me--just away in common you wanted to be
kissed Addison and I missed it okay
yeah
you must be Erica one more Oh pink OMB
making news
