hi guys welcome to mommy Monday it's
Saturday today and we're getting some
errands been around the house nothing's
going on the Pipper exciting yet but of
course you never know what's going to
happen a lot of you guys been asking
about the pregnancy how are things going
so I'm doing great
I'm feeling great everything is going
well I'm going to show you guys my bumps
because I've started the show finally so
coming see if you can get there we go
I'm really excited um anyway I'm going
to get on with the day
well this is becoming a trend stack
doesn't have any shoes daddy found a
sandal on the shoe thank you David found
a boot let's hopefully have some food
for Zach you guys you slice daddy found
some shoes for sandals with us better
than nothing right how to remember your
shoes maybe it's going to unbuckle
Michael we're trying to go get all the
kids some haircuts right now it usually
takes a really long time but they're
going to look good I think my buddy yeah
they did their hair for me this morning
I know but it's going to look really
going to soft president race is about
yeah it's getting a little long back sir
Wow you look nice
and you look nice look like Michaels in
it go yet are you doing your maritime
sing nice
if you like that part I know I know you
love that part
looks good doesn't it okay David let's
see your haircut turn all around looks
good let's me Michael look at you
Michael like a look time to we're all
the way to kids music lessons
Elizabeth going to go to her first
private clarinet lesson and Zack is
going to start ukulele lesson
strong we're gonna find my boy are we
gonna get Elaine lesson pepper I just
gotta get there he's finally here okay
good luck
yeah good did you learn something yeah
good so how is he listening to get
Canova um now she taught me show um chef
teach me teach but I knew for MIT oh my
gosh let me hear them so he I'm coming
I'm okay
Joey hot okay and then jeez and then a
minor and then you're single holy there
you go how good I don't even know one
note I know Zach can really I don't have
to stop it like that you mess
Wow how do you got Juden so you guys go
back really guys pretty fun huh
we're going to get back a case this week
because he still using the bus yeah
Genesis I'll plant it that you guys
donal is a soccer tournament she's got a
fantastic soccer team with a wonderful
coach and they've done so well and won
two championships already and they're
playing in this regional tournament
like a city versus city team Sanofi so
good they've got a great record they've
only lost one game the entire season and
the game in the final so it was good
well we took the kids to this place we
were going to let them play out if this
indoor play land and we thought it
looked really fun so we got there and
there was a ton of cars and we went
inside and it turns out there was a
bunch of birthday parties going on
it was super crowded so we decided not
to go there and we think we're going to
just try to go next week sometime when
it's a little less crowded and after
that we were like well we're already out
we have some exchange as I do at the
source so let's go do that so we got
there the mall was super crowded as well
but we finally go to a parking spot
we've got like the first spot which is a
miracle we get out we get this roll out
everybody's ready to go and then we
realize we left the returns and
exchanges at home so we basically spend
our time driving around doing pretty
much nothing all evening tonight and now
we're just gonna have
what did you do Michael is there
something on the ground over here dr.
Wasson
yes came all the way over here Oh
Michael hi I'm Ross you're going to cut
your foot back up what time it is or my
way oh my god Matt wait and we are here
to do the problem in retired kitchen I
think Colin Ashley lift this fire it was
that cute little one cup measuring cup
we always use in our cooking videos
just to put that last little bit in
perspective we've had the kids in bed
for a couple hours and I went into Zacks
room because I heard some music coming
and I was like what's going on in there
and that was him practicing the ukulele
and I was just like how do I get mad at
that how do you be mad your kid loves
their instruments so much that they get
out of bed
and they try to learn more you have it
tonight so anyway it was cute and now
I'm going to give to some questions from
you guys so the first one comes from
Aaron who asks if anyone knows about my
secret spice track yet and the answer is
no it is seriously one of my best kept
secrets only the people that you know
about know about it so none of the boys
know yet are tastic world asks about my
sister's dog meg and Meg does not live
with us anymore she lives with my
parents that we go and visit her and
also the breed that she is is a border
collie kelpy Mick
Casey asks what the kids want us to name
our new baby now along those lines we're
going to be posting our gender-reveal
later this week so definitely stay tuned
and watch for that but in the meantime
Michael Oh
are you tired what'd you learn in a new
baby what should we name the newbies you
don't have any ideas usually Michael has
three names he tells me that he always
wants to name the baby do you remember
your friends names you like to pick yes
those are the names he wants to name the
baby Maggie Audrey or Jared so those are
his top picks and they have not changed
oh my gosh I'm laughing so hard because
Michael just announced the dinner so
with me here so cute okay
okay I think I've recovered from the
last question Marlene asked how many
cousins the kids have so the kids have
about seven cuz
and they all live far away so
unfortunately we don't see any of them
as much as we would like to and she also
asked am i the oldest the middle or the
youngest of my own siblings and I'm the
oldest Michael is this answering the
question and now he's fallen asleep and
Heather is hiding because she doesn't
want to be shown in an unflattering
position which is totally understandable
are you feeling down I totally get bad
hi Heather
the Tanya asks about things that we wish
we could do that we haven't been able to
do yet or just can't do and I think
there are some things I would like to do
or I wish I would have done I guess like
I would love to have taken more private
music lessons so I could develop more of
my music skills and what else but she's
already like really good but still I
don't know I can be better at things um
and you wanted to play baseball as a kid
that's true I really wanted to play
baseball I would want to play sports in
high school I didn't do any sports in
high school I didn't even know I like
sports until I was an adult and I wish I
would have done that and makes every
shocked she says almost instant sign
like me
there is really good restaurant I love
basketball you great I'm naturally good
at basketball Jim let's see I would love
to get my nails done like every single
week that would be like amazing but I
don't do that
cousin what else anything what not for
you
trying to think it was a good question
well plots we pause yeah something else
I was looking into doing that I never
got to do was open a music school I was
really looking into it so we could try
to just either have our own store or
school you know and now we're still
looking into like trying to find a way
to provide music lessons for people who
can't afford it because music is a
really big part of our lives so the door
is not closed in that area it's just
that we're really busy right now
and right now we're just trying to get
all the music for our kids and
yeah like a full-time job yeah I wanted
to study abroad when I was in college
and I never got to do it and I really
wanted to go to Spain Spain was like my
number one place I really wanted to go
to and I've never been outside of like
the continental United States like
sundar Binet Europe or anywhere over
there so I would still love to go there
I don't know if I ever will but I would
love to do that and we need to go to
Dubai frangible that would be amazing
what about you tell me your bucket list
okay I want to have more time to play
the saxophone and teach some students I
performed somewhere we used to live and
had quite a few students high school
students some of them went on to play in
college but I really enjoy doing jazz
and improvising on the saxophone and
that's just something that now I don't
have any time to do yeah so we're really
busy but I have all my saxophone and one
day I will play them maybe on the cam
perhaps thanks for watching today's
video hopefully you guys like so don't
forget to give us a thumbs up leave us
some questions for next week leave us
some good ones I like really good
questions I like answering good things I
must I don't know what qualifies good
but anyway and don't forget to watch
this week because we're going to tell
you if we're having a boy or a girl
all right bye
