hi guys it's time for fan mail which one
are we gonna open first
Julia you guys love Legos I gather
Rawlings is me Lego thank you very much
really pretty oh how cute
this comes from Kate she says she loves
our videos and her favorite is Alyssa
the BFF sleepover really I want to she
says well she wrote this letter she was
watching our videos
that's can't believe it Julia bracelet I
bet she made this for you guys that was
really nice I got the hook
this comes from Jessica and she lives in
Georgia so here is her bladder I'm going
to read it to you guys and she wants to
thank us for being such an amazing
people and making such a good impact on
the YouTube world
oh all the way from other cufflink a
goes he's pretty this is from Angela and
she lives in Greece because of her her
art we can't whoa and thank you you are
the favorite videos oh this is my sister
Honokaa it's adorable
oh well I can't
we sure do she made these I'm wondering
yeah let's pour the latter multi this is
for a fan mail Oh Arthur in it this is
for daddy right here thank you daddy
it's actual dog treats for Kona hard
this works and there's two really good
yeah that's cool she's got something for
big no this is a heart
I understand in a Rubbermaid cool guys
really sang her colors so handsome
treats oh this is from Sonya who is 17
years old she's been watching for a few
months she says only always been strong
on her faith this is incredible
how does she make all these bracelets
this is really good you're really really
good at this look at all these pretty
good I got this coolest little camera
keychain thank you look at this turtle
guys isn't this so cute okay go oh look
at this
this candy looks really good
and look here's my keychain here's how
it works that's cool huh yeah here's a
really big one from the UK look at this
oh for guess you put it on oh that's
bigger let's say for Chris on that oh no
I said to it so cute is that cool I know
who this is
or Michael loves to read and look
there's the 12
do your family fun pack love love love
your channel they said it three times in
closed are a few treats for you all
happy Christmas to you love harmony oh
sorry
harmony sent us give me a couple two
names thank you
yes so holidays I'm gonna hang this on
my backpack for school yeah this one
comes from Canada oh nice Christmas car
looks like there's bracelet let's see I
mean I guess this is Alyssa Zack and
Chris David and Michael this is from
Anna wow so nice let's see what's in
here
oh this looks like this next one is from
Singapore Oh
if she's five look how cute that is so
sweet
it looks like what she gave us is what
she's holding here look Alisa oh this is
little stickers for your fingernails
like that and then she sent some candles
that say they're smokeless and dripless
which is really cool look at nine then
that cool cuz they're pretty and they're
only Singapore looks so cool I think
he's a little bit light through hook it
on the top in the letters I think yes
there are the lanterns you're right hey
thank you Hey look at this one you guys
it's super decorated yeah he's cute huh
this person lives
it was cocktail oh this is for Michael
long scar Chris and Zack you're gonna be
like oh look how cute there's
everybody's names elicit David Zack
Chris Michael Christine and Matt her
name is Talia and she and her sister
Marissa absolutely love our channel we
could watch her videos all day I said
they never ever miss a video
that's awesome thank you for sending
that oh this is cute
this is Hayley and her cat named Sparky
she's from Texas oh wow this came from
Indonesia this letter Alyssa's looking
at awesome looks like there's some cards
just up in this one walking with a
picture from Madison who looks like she
takes dance lessons merry Christmas to
you guys - Thank You Olivia so cute and
so is your envelope
this one's from Kate and she wants to
know where is your favorite roadtrip
spot so Tennessee Tennessee very cute
drawing thank you look at this one says
six kids hmm look at the sparkly one oh
not really struggling huh look at all
the cute pictures they drew oh my gosh
there's so many
oh.nothing are video those Christmas
there are videos let's press and says
Lily loves watching your videos every
day
she's a very big fan there's all the way
in England so they've made all this yeah
she even knows that we have a new baby
oh thank you for the nice letters Harry
look how cute this is
oh my gosh in every level they know my
son loves it make your call these are
nice my name is Darcy variational e7
what a good artist you are this one is
from Zoe and she says that she loves our
videos and that's really nice
picture this one's for all Olivia look
at these this is all from Ava who's 8
years old Wow we've got some really
talented artists her fans look at that
oh look Alyssa pineapple for you cute
cute cool these all come from Lea look
at this is really colorful good it is
really good this one comes from Nicole
and she's all the way in Germany here's
a nice letter from gage who lives in
Ohio this isn't really big this is a
very big fan mail from Cameron this is
what she wore thank you look how cute
this is that is cute from anybody
these are so pretty thank you I know the
bird fingers oh yeah super cute this is
from Regina who lives in Australia and
she says this is her very first time
writing a letter that says no about two
years ago I love watching videos when I
came across his videos
oh they're watching videos and they came
across our video twins putting
themselves to bed and they instantly
fell in love that is so sweet
this is from Victoria but really nice
letter thank you
look at this you guys oh wow this is
like totally coloured that's really nice
Anna shop from Dana is really cute look
at this one this is from Madison who's
in fourth grade she says as a king
cursor cute and Michael and Alyssa are
too and will you be her best friend and
David will you be her best friend too
yeah so cute and she enjoyed the
vegetable challenge she wants another
one and she also likes pineapples second
why here's a letter from Annabel who is
years old Wow this is a really good
butter really nice cursive too on this
one I'm going to kind of cover the
inside I want to say thank you for the
gift card but somebody gave us their
phone number and their address we don't
wanna show that so thank you so much
Cameron another one we're gonna only
kind of show from Donovan who lives in
New York but also gave us a phone number
and address don't do it right Alyssa
don't share your own numbers this one
from Aniston she's 6 years old and she
loves both of our YouTube channels ours
and always Alyssa thank you thank you
that is really cute she's so cute look
at her all Joseph's dance
you guys this is from Braden who says
that we are his all-time favorite
YouTube channel yeah very cute this is
from Barbie and Savannah oh and she's 4
years old oh that looks nice you guys
love Pikachu huh this is from Lucca
who's 14 years old and they said they
have two Golden Retriever puppies named
papi and Maya just like we have much of
guns and their birthday is today you
guys will say happy birthday happy
birthday so we got this to Zach from
Lucy and this is exactly how the
envelope came to us in the mail so
somehow love looks like it was ripped in
half
and it came in this plastic bag from the
mail service telling us we're sorry that
your mail is trashed so hopefully this
is all that was in there if it's not
we're sorry but I think you got awesome
the room this came from her why that's
really far away huh Thank You Kate it
says dear ELISA that David Zack Chris
mom and dad this is my first fan mail
and my name is Bridget I love you you
got a train oh that's so nice
cuz it's wrong Tristan thank you
this is from our fan Joshua who is six
years old and he has a brother who's
three just like Michael I mean they
watch every day can you say thank you
well that's nice
this is a mother from Missouri her and
her husband are both from California
they have three kids one and a half to
half of five years old and she likes
watching the videos as much as her kids
tips oh that's nice
she says her biggest blessing has been
watching me be a mom which is so nice of
you to say that thank you
you guys this is from Delilah who's six
years old she has five kids in her
family but guess what they're all girls
this is from Wyatt who's six years old
and they wish that we could come to
their house and play I bet you'd have
fun playing huh oh my god is looking
look at these these are both from Ali's
coop Oh shitty harness oh my god
oh she's eight years old and she likes
pineapples like you do Thank You Madison
clopin is from New Zealand I'll look at
this stickers she's from England and her
name is Lily
hmm hello family okay I hope you have a
great Christmas I love your family so
much oh this is the thing kinda sent us
a funny bull oh wow
did you love those Alyssa yeah the
pineapple lumps the kids love those what
was that
I hope you like them I'm so excited for
the new baby I want a girl because
Alyssa Ezell all my favorite video this
here is the kids finding out that I'm
pregnant
that's cute and there's a book okay
let's get down to birthday so this is to
family fun back from Adele from Lubbock
Texas oh we've been the Texas haven't we
yeah Thank You Adele
