hi guys welcome on Monday we are go
ahead and family hike today you guys
excited yeah it's a little bit chilly
but I think it's going to be fun because
we're taking Bulldogs and my parents are
going and my sisters and their dogs so
we're gonna have a good time today
there's Michael's friend Meg meg go say
hi to Hana we go back home and she
played upon us wave is Meg now cuz I can
persuade on
no Michaels gonna run to James is mine
Angela's carrying Michael it's so pretty
and peaceful up here
we haven't fun dad are you coming no
Michael fighting so is that if I having
fun back there good do you love Meg okay
we're gonna keep walking help offer what
on this wall she's a girl so she good Oh
Michaels gonna go by himself now is that
fine
open-water you're right
pretty cool huh oh there's a good rock
for you yeah keep walking guys
everyone's getting one of us run look
they're way up there he said I hope I
don't fall this is doing I gotta help
you take her hand
Nathan cool down there oh you got brave
good job Zack yeah you found a second
pan Jack comes Michael good job run fast
fast you did good
you guys run at all rock oh if I see you
yeah what's the key here off like a
bigger one oh you better say that
because of Michael Ross let me see oh
that's a Michael rock this is cute
Michael Michaels up there yelling I love
you to the dog it's hard to hear but
that's what he's saying
Oh gonna dangle he is ready hey you tell
her to go Michael remember if she told
you or just let go okay here's our thief
can take a drink
I'm going to take the lid oh you're
really thirsty I drink all my water
hello thinker thank you do you drink it
all pretty palm tree in a pretty bush
right they're really getting good yeah
what are you guys thinking
we made that over there which is more
Tomatoes and I've drawn the marshmallows
for me thank you
well we already have cranberry knowledge
but we're gonna make up new shepherd's
pie oh yeah
to smash it
love NASA
remember happily with the swing remember
done as in your practicing your demon
who uses the wing saber misses pointer
you started with six and you took away
how many ten in there six more project -
away for good
so how many total did you take away
these ten and twelve good you took 12
away so
what this remaking this is the cream
sauce to go over them and vegetables in
the meat well and then I'll make mashed
potatoes put them on the top toast them
all right all right here you go says he
put it in okay I get it
yep there is my favorite and it's so
cute for a dish I guess you should call
it oh yeah wine it's a baking dish pan
oh yeah and every single droplet room
get all that I've done
okay looks beautiful right we have this
super good dinner
that is the UM orange potatoes yeah and
this is a regular
shepherd's pie right Shepherd shepherd's
pie and if it looks really good it's
kind of like chicken pot pie is it gonna
be good yes cuz you know right yep I
tasted someone you betcha complexin
great view oh good so you were sampling
before we got to yet and I sampled that
too and the cranberry relish
I told Manny it needed more over and
liberated so what is it actually good
Alyssa just like I thought okay okay
well it's time for me to answer a couple
questions from you guys the first one
I'm going to answer is a really easy one
because last week you guys asked what
the kids favorite candy was or chocolate
or whatever it was but I didn't say mine
and I don't think Madison has either so
Matt you gotta come over for this one um
my favorite candy is Reese's what's
yours I have no idea
here let me share me he likes the growth
plans what just a sec okay he does he oh
my hair looks crazy don't laugh at my
hair um Matt likes the gross candy like
at least I think your girls like almond
joy things that normal people don't
always like he likes those buttons oh oh
this he's got a little stash intense
dark chocolate see what I mean intense
dark isn't even good is no it's not dark
chocolates really good yeah no I like
dark chocolate I don't think I don't
like dark chocolate it's just intense
dark is gross see this one this is dark
chocolate with caramel that's good
Dante now Hershey's has hit its target
line McNuggets they have almond sorry
almond and toffee and stuff in it that's
good that was that's a good one
Justin I was looking at you okay yeah
but anyway still races are the best ones
though okay
I forgot though my other favorite candy
is mint ones so if there's something MIT
I love it okay the next question comes
from onyx Wilson who says how long are
the kids allowed to stay up the kids
stay up till about 8:30 on school nights
and however long on the weekends because
I like having them up with me so I just
kind of let them hang out and if they
get annoying to me that I'm like okay
gotta go to bed so as long as they're
being good I'm fine with them staying up
and lately even Michael's been going to
bed early which I actually kind of miss
him because it's kind of nice having him
up by myself just kind of quiet but it's
good though
Nate asks a question for Matt and it is
what is your favorite type of
mathematics you guys know a differential
geometry is that's like calculus and
geometry put together it's really cool
stuff but that's not my favorite I like
the down-to-earth stuff the deals with
real life you know fractions percentages
proportions like middle school math so
if you're watching the video right now
and your math works not done you better
turn it off and get to work don't turn
it off until the end of the video though
and then give us a thumbs up your math
homework or if you thought about doing
it that's right I like geometry geometry
is fun it's awesome yeah that's a good
math teacher and in case you guys didn't
know he's got a master's degree in math
all he does he hates it when I say it
but he does he's got a master's degree
that's cool I had a business degree to
see he's proud of his degrees he just
likes to act like he's not um anyway
thanks for watching um have a good week
bye
