hi guy Hayes we're live we've got a
really exciting video before we get
started I have to tell you guys we're
gonna thank viu TV for sponsoring this
video it's going to be super awesome
we've got this big box to open it comes
from relative race Aaron I think the
kids are gonna love doing this we have
not ever done the c4 also if you guys do
want to post any questions for us to
answer during this let us know oh
because we'll answer them as we're kind
of like filming I'll answer questions
we'll talk with you guys but we really
are here to show you guys this box that
we have to open because there's gonna be
something cool inside this is an
ancestor box you guys look at this music
what do you guys think anybody have a
guess what do you think what do you
think banjo ukulele violin is everyone
guess we're good here Michael what do
you think it is what ok let's see what
it is
but look at that yeah what do you guys
think is huh Wow
very sorry
I've never tried a violin before so this
is the bow be very careful because
there's hairs on the bow here and you
don't want to push her too hard very
carefully like that put that under your
chin yep like that and then you better
cross right here let's see what are we
doing wrong hon no I think we need to do
I think we need to tune it a little bit
be very careful with this part not quite
so there's more to look about something
else let's look at these what is this
thing about the TV show so this TV show
no you guys what they do that this box
is about oh is the people on the show
they go and they find their relatives
yes it's a race to find people that are
related to you that you might not know
so this right here that we haven't front
of us is a clue to a family no yet
so this is our ancestor box and we're
going to see what else is inside I did
wait a music book why don't you flip
through and let's take a look and see
what it looks like inside there look at
that music so this is gonna be where the
violin plays on the top and the piano
plays on the bottom and there's another
one this is oh you know what yeah this
is the part that comes out with the
center of that book and this is just the
violin part so the violin player and the
piano player can sit separately from
each other right and play together
they're pretty cool so if you guys learn
to play this who wants to learn by the
way
it's pretty cool that our relative
played this right guys I'm guessing our
relative play this we should look at the
profile
I did see a profile did you peek it I
didn't see Pete okay I can't wait to see
somebody were related to let's sit down
cuz it's hard to see you guys also by
the way it's like raining and it's
really cool right now not cool isn't
cold but who is it
there's a picture I can't wait to see
are you serious oh that's cool oh my
gosh we're related to handle the
composure are you serious oh my gosh you
don't know who he is he's a composer a
composers own who writes music yes like
this song right here the Messiah he
wrote this that is so cool this is a
picture let's see his picture Oh
Michaels ready for a party with paper so
what that is so cool let's open this up
so he was born in Germany in 1685 so
cool and these are pictures all there
wow this is so cool so this is ours
obviously okay this is the year over
2000 and this is like in it only five so
quite a while ago
born injure let's come from right
Germany which is pretty awesome let's
take a look a little more in this book
this is pretty awesome this stuff still
perform today like oh yeah super cool
look at all this this book shows us all
about hand oh wow that is so cool you
guys I know that we were related to
someone so well known that is really
cool and some musician you know what
it's kind of funny and kind of makes
sense you know why exactly you guys are
all musical thank you guys I'll play
instruments that is so neat Twitter
let's take a look more in the book I'm
gonna answer some questions oh look one
of our fans plays the violin okay you
turn the violin down here you don't you
didn't turn it there did you
no you're not you don't do it there you
tuned it right there oh well isn't it a
ADG okay hey who put in the violin I
just said she plays the violin where is
it Alyssa get her shirt oh this shirt
now this is Under Armour I don't know if
she's heavy so we're gonna work on the
violin we're gonna tune it if we can't
and we're gonna see if we can play
something on thereby saw something else
on this let's take a look
it is also really
watching has the chance to win an
ancestor box so what you would do is
they would find your last name and some
information about you guys
it basically give you a really old
ancestor of one of you guys and tell you
all about them they would give you a box
just like this but with your own related
to in the box I think that is like a
really I think I would love it please
for myself because it's so awesome
doesn't he live guys here's a world map
oh that's really lived
these are ending bubbles Hamburg Oh
tells like everything about him do you
want to open it more come on I saw
something else in here I did box whoa
we got Bo and now I'm starting to really
rain
I see our recent it was crazy it's
actually coming out on Tuesday or
Wednesday derp soon
daddy open he's working as hard as it's
very very carefully wrapped a pressure
coin 1681 oh wow so this is a coin from
about the time that he was born then
right because it said 1685 is that right
Michael wants the coin
yeah 1685 is when he was born so this is
a coin from around when he was born Wow
this is pretty cool
we're not gonna take it out of the
special packaging because I think this
keeps it nice so you can all hold it in
that okay so some people are saying they
play the violin I'm still waiting to
hear Oh
someone has pressure and relatives also
nice how to play the violin give us some
clues and some people are asking what
are your favorite instruments you guys
you guys have one tell me yours listen
on clarinet alcohol came and they're
supposed to be asleep but they're
watching our live video this is very
worth it okay you know okay a couple
questions are Kona and Hana with us
right now because it's a really really
big cost us to bring to Hawaii you
have to have them in what is it
quarantine for like a month and it's a
really big deal in Kona housings like
we're debating what to do with her
because right now she's with family
which is a lot better than her being in
quarantine for a month she does not
handle moose well yeah she doesn't
handle me as well a lot so we yeah on
the same city and she you just didn't do
well so he's enjoying this level
let's see Oh what color were the blue
Michael blue these three guys
well um was there anything else in the
box let's take a look this is cool huh
guys this is cool especially the reason
why I think this video is so cool is
because to win something like this I
just think that's so cool because it's
just neat to be able to get something
like that comes from your relative you
guys are might be something else in here
oh cool guys it's just okay okay hold on
let's look up tuning I was right
AG of the string so okay I think there's
a tuner in here
Oh
or on your chin
I think this ring is aren't tight enough
to make any sound
now it's brand new the newbies here
we're not really strings people we we
played a guitar yeah guitar beyond guys
come on I'm looking like a pole here
okay what are your favorite colors
okay no the person who we got our box
from is not alive what grades are you in
son says you're not holding it right you
have to rub the rosin in the hair the
bow someone said oh thank you okay see
well I told you you had to rosin the
bone one of my brothers played the bass
with that so about all I know
so the rosin is gonna make this the
hairs a little firmer so it'll get some
sound okay we're gonna do this we're
gonna make handle proud right now
you like I'm doing it funny someone's
playing the Bible okay now I'm gonna try
to understand how like do the concept of
someone said what is the bottle called
yeah someone asked for a link to their
website we're gonna include linked and
all the information the ones that win
okay guys you have to win this for us
because it's really cool and then you
guys can show us what you bought because
it's just really neat okay has someone
asked where Owen is he's taking a nap
right now okay yeah whoa whoa way too
much rosin I mean I don't know it's not
enough Oh starting to work oh my god
yeah sorry guys if it's laggy we we
found the best spot at our house for
internet connection and eyes if it has
guys Sunday 7 p.m. 7 p.m. mountain time
mark mark mark its relative rates on BYU
TV and whoa the rosin crack and you can
also watch it for free on the BOE TV app
and what does it be what you tv.com
BYU TV orgh orgh orgh BYU tv.org you can
watch this show for free and see what
I'm talking about with the it's like
almost there
so I said where's Alyssa and she's right
here hey does man like pizza of course I
do
I love pizza especially pizza with
spinach and all this gross kind of
things car they all is oh it's going by
too fast I'm trying to read your
questions do you know how to play the
violin believe it or not I taught a
beginning violin as a substitute teacher
so I mean doesn't really count but I
mean but I mean I could play some songs
I'd find it but I don't know what I'm
doing here okay
what's your fake what's your favorite
fruit got a sunset congratulate 400,000
subscribers some some some of us play
the clarinet here Christine I did the
marching band and everything Heather
play is a clarinet - if Chris wants to
start playing
get it wet but I'm so good movie a kinda
worse we're not living up to his
virtuoso do you play minecraft no we do
not
one says something about
a lot of rosin so now your pinkie does
let's see what they said
you just keep rubbing the raw you need a
lot of rosin dices and keep through to
see if it's tightened someone asked that
the boys don't play soccer they do in
fact Chris this morning that's right we
had to that was a play she plays soccer
she's gonna be playing softball soon
it's season of basketball
we're gonna make this a really long
video you have to twist turn the violin
you have to twist the black pegs at the
top connected each string but if you
know how they'll break I'll show you
that prefer the boys play video games
just on their iPads par but but they
don't sit around playing like games on
the big screen someone says livestreams
are supposed to be long anyways Harry
Potter
someone from Michigan hope it's not too
cold out there now crazy new way New
Zealand Wisconsin Guatemala Wow cool
Lincoln California I know where that is
that's near Sacramento some are from
Saudi San Antonio Texas
Malaysia snowy there
Wales France a Dallas native Netherland
Mexico Australia Pennsylvania New Jersey
right on Landry Ireland Wisconsin wait
wait I keep the bow between the bridge
and the black part when you play Des
Moines Iowa I've been there
France yeah
China Ontario Illinois Jamaica someone's
awesome that's what I'll end up here
from Hawaiian Netherlands someone says
they're from Antarctica ha ha Nepal Wow
I we're creative the kids in six for our
second second and preschool there you go
made a sound I think we need to come
join us give us a thumbs up for making
one note say hi to I'm at your great say
Christine hold the neck when you play
them but okay my back's getting tired
someone said if you put too much on then
it won't work that's why it's not
working don't listen to anyone
to soak up for 10 and minute
that's just kidding horn guys having fun
over there Oh someone I have to show on
here oh cool Oh
matched but I mean
Wow thank you for saying well you're a
favorite Janet that was nice okay well
we're gonna have to go soon but does
anybody else have any other quick we'll
have to come back later and show you our
progress on the violin because we're not
doing a very good job you guys could
just look at my sweaty face you can
appreciate how hot it is here it's so no
cakes is just practically dripping with
sweat and cute little Owen if you're
just sleeping
do we like singing who likes singing oh
ha ha
terror could be cringing okay Heather's
going to you want to do it great
Heather's gonna do it she's doing the
bow she were gonna work I'll flip the
camera you can see it so she's putting
it on there I'll try good if I just got
the middle that'll be good does Owen
walk Owen does not want what's wrong but
he definitely saw that because he crawls
Beulah
laser pointer no sigh hey wanna Owen
kept Stan where can he stand I can't get
it okay I can't get over it you guys
oh he's gonna go that bus be careful I
just can't get over that
standing look at you I know you guys
this is literally some of the best music
if you have not heard it's the Messiah
it is such a Oh Oh No
okay guys for anybody who waited 26
minutes and 46 seconds into this be
oh yeah mother now have you let you bow
so you put the key messages straight
being wrong okay cuz rosin like magic
I'd like to talk about so here's how you
hold it you put it up here or chin you
see it under your chin that black thing
there you go and then this hand stays up
here and you would play your string
separate oh here hold this for me and
I'll fix it so play it very very softly
because you push too hard oh so much the
bow is too tight you can lose
see that nice down you can get you go
and you can play very long tone zips
watch and if you do it just right like
this if the sound will never stop
pushing a little too hard though so the
software selectors are getting so much
advice tighten the bow untighten the
boat it's so cool
well the bow does look a little boat so
I've it I think I did tighten it too
much
probably better let me thank you
so you had a turn but don't out so you
hold it over here then you'll have your
next turn there you go now if you're
really good you'll play Star Wars for
Michael actually sounds pretty good fun
pack ant yes I think they should have
like 50 kids someone's ever even have
more kids I think you should have 50 if
you let me answer all the questions all
the answers are gonna be really good
answers like if they're gonna have more
kids
oh yeah they're gonna have like 15 okay
here goes Alyssa here we go so
protection on the chin thanks oh you
stroke you I call it strum not so you
and if I had my way I would be named
after me Heather one Heather jr. Heather
Rita oh not intangibility council
Michael no kerosene Maddie whoa sorry
yeah
ooh we're gonna get more dogs that's a
good question if it was in charge of
fire in the god there's only dogs who
would have we'd have a million dogs we
would have so many more dogs right now
so you put so you put this on hold it
isn't for Mike
just all the right that this okay hold
it like that on the BYU TV or do other
things in there like why are you seeing
it again oh he's like a mad scientist
violinist can you play I know and sing
it using that one organism no one said
athlete is sterling for help sure let's
just be here right do you like this
instrument so Michael what are you gonna
play when you grow up learn star wars
play Star Wars Michael could you imagine
having star wars aren't done right
do we like cats yes I love cat who likes
cats but I'm allergic
I do love cats I wish I could have a cat
right here with it right there again we
wouldn't think see why you cheat there
you can on this box with who liked it
we've never done violin before I think
our family needs to play the violin it's
true you learn I know obviously about it
Michael alright that's pretty fun well I
guess we should go we've been here for a
long time and we will update you guys
with our progress on learning and
playing the violin yes whoa it looks
like a nice new fans and interpretation
of the new I'll give you guys one minute
super villain and I will enter my
favorite Star Wars character grace I was
surprised how name's Justin I just did
hold the street we'll get there we'll
get Luke yes definitely check out this
don't forget the season three at 7:00
p.m. mountain time on and you can get it
free awesome it's a good show anyway you
guys I've actually it's a good show cool
because it's like racing around the
country or the world and which is
exciting to see anyway in it you never
met me
oh that kind of stuff school at least I
love meeting new people the talk cuz
I've been talking for last night it's
great talking to new people as they feed
tea yeah I can't even talk um I'll let
you guys think of the kids say goodbye
guys he's a man violinist yes we will
definitely have your mic you'd like to
play it actually bye bye
