hi guys welcome to mommy Monday it's a
couple days before Christmas and we are
getting ready for Christmas we're going
to the store and we're going to buy some
stuff for our dinner I forgot to show
you guys my shirt because I started
wearing maternity clothes
is my shirt is not so cute you want to
help you the tomatoes okay help Chris
should we put them in a bag let's go to
puffy bag
emmalin
because
one more
okay we're going to get some limes put
them in the bag that got the oranges to
come in for me this is the cilantro is
it cold
you don't like cold stuff that's okay
we're getting some candy corn I know
we're gonna decorate our gingerbread
house with this oh yes I did
on Christmas okay don't eat them yet we
got to pay for first so we're going to
be doing Mexican food for Christmas
dinner it's gonna be this big Mexican
fiesta with my whole family and the
other good news for you guys is we're
going to be doing 24 hours of five kids
on Christmas again this year so
hopefully you guys are excited as we are
about this one looks like my kids are
arguing over the mac and cheese what's
the deal guys
I think Michael is calling it Finding
Nemo and that's calling it finding dory
I don't know it's a thing
we're still discussing it look at you
guys I just saw this as a rock and buy
that's the ones I was looking at should
we get him huh does look interesting
though they ha I'm thinking these ones
look the best though cuz mint is like
super good yeah I think so
hold on you like the red ones
oh boy
I think if I let you guys do the
shopping we'd have only cookies and mac
and cheese candy get it me fit Rilla oh
my gosh we get for going soon what was
yours Oh Mac and cheesy I don't take
that
for you to get special darkened peanuts
so we like dark chocolate probably good
do it soft
good job everybody's bagging
papers up in your bag we are about to
drop off some cookies at our neighbor's
house let me secrets let Shawn what
we're going to get this is some of our
favorite Christmas treats the best one
is right here
called green stuff it's mint I know and
then this one right here is our Oreo
sponge that we made in last year's
Christmas kiss ice cooking video I know
they're all really good
oh thank you right in my hair okay Sarah
des what do you guys think you like it
thank you
we're going out to eat and I feel like
the last time we had a pizza buffet was
on a day we were vlogging so the kids
picked it right guys that we're going I
learn hamburgers but pizza is good to
see on me you like pizza how about you
is yours good and yours and Matt we
decided to go walk around the mall to
burn off our dinner because they're all
stuffed with pizza right guys yeah yes
and we're going to look at some of the
pretty Christmas decorations and then
we're hoping to find somewhere else to
go to look at Christmas stuff because we
want to see some lights and everything
you like this one
hey let me see your cute shirts
that's why are you back
it's so cute makes you kind of want to
eat something Christmassy doesn't it
I'll tell you to knit
Wow
I'm not joking kitty five-ish we really
wanted ukulele yeah well you don't have
one do you only mommy has mine show me
your chords
need to be tuned that's ok look at
Alyssa's it's really cute
maybe you'll have to ask her for
Christmas
Wow that looks like it's a good one for
ELISA
isn't that cute okay blow their nose I
know what I want to know is David Alissa
who will wear this located to Lakers
cake come on
it's not this one then this one these
are cool you guys they're so cool baby
will go for daddy we should get it home
for Christmas and make him wear it
totally you like the lights me too
thank you we got home and I put the kids
in the bath and while they're in the
bath and Matt was getting them ready and
starting to brush their teeth I was
going through the mail and I came across
something really cute I was going to
share it with you guys so and the kids
also the kids haven't seen to say either
so they sent us this card and check this
out congratulations on the exciting new
addition to your family we like you like
these friendships and the kids he is
small talking about appreciation on a
fun night a p20 that's so nice they made
that card for us I think it's really
cool and look what they sent you guys
they sent you this your shirt yes Zach
look at Alyssa's yeah Chris Oh big
sister and look what it says Michael
you're gonna look so cute big brother
established 2017 because now everybody
in the family is a big brother or sister
cuz we have a new baby
and thank you he's deaf in yes and look
what I'll say sent they said you guys
hats with your names on them this one's
for Michael
since we're daddy Alisa David oh you're
so cool
Zac with your name you even spelled
right Chris I look cute Michael and
mommy isn't that so nice they also sent
us something for our new baby yes it is
clothes
it's a cute onesie it's adorable but the
color of it might give away if it's a
girl or boy so we're not going to show
it on our channel yet we'll show it
later okay but it's really cute you guys
are gonna like it it's for Christmas for
next year and it's so cute
you look good I like it
does this deserve a dance move right now
yeah I do dance move
you guys like Daddy dances yeah hey you
guys ready for bed good I hope you're
serious oh yeah no I'm tired
hey thinking my water oh of course we
also got these sent to us in the mail
from YouTube look how cute their
chocolates
yes they are saggy coz they smell like
it hopefully you guys enjoyed today's
episode now I'm going to answer a couple
questions you guys submitted last week a
lot of you guys are wondering how
Michael's doing because he was sick last
time he's totally better he just had
some kind of a little bug he got a
little sick he had a fever he was tired
and then he was better so typical little
kid think the next thing a lot of people
are asking is if we are going to know
the gender of the baby soon and if we're
going to announce it and everything so I
have known the gender for quite a while
because I couldn't not peek in a little
envelope and I was trying to wait and my
parents wanted me to let them find out
and it could surprise me and I'm like no
I want to know I have to know so I would
say within an hour of us finding out the
gender I'd already looked in the
envelope so I could know so anyway um we
are making a video telling the kids and
that's going to come out pretty soon I
think it'll be pretty exciting for you
guys a lot of people also notice from
last week's episode that Chris and Zach
are not in the same class this year and
they were in the same class in
kindergarten and maybe you guys didn't
see our first day of school video but it
was also a mommy Monday episode and it
was really hard for the twins Chris was
crying I would say every single day of
the week for a couple weeks he was
begging not to go to school so it was
really hard for them especially for
Chris they're doing okay being separated
I think they're both doing well in
school but they both definitely wish
they were in the same class and I feel
bad a little bit because their teachers
are doing different things so one of
their classes gets to do performance the
other one
you know and being that they're twins in
the same age in the same grade it's
important that they have kind of like
equal things going on because you know
it's really obvious when you're one
brothers doing something and you're not
to feel a little bit jealous or sad or
letdown well you don't get those same
things but it is important for the twins
to have different experiences as well so
they can be individuals and just live
their life in their own way so that's a
good thing too anyway I want to thank of
them for watching hope everyone had a
great month it's like the end of the
year what I did want to ask is if you
guys would leave me some comments and
tell me your top five moments of the
year I'd love to do something with it in
a future video so tell me your favorite
things I was gonna say your top one or
two but at least for me I probably can't
even think of five because I have so
many so leave me a comment with your top
five moments from our YouTube channel
this year tell me your rankings favorite
things of the year hi got my cute little
boy coming up to cuddle me and let me
know I want to know what you guys
thought was good about this year what
was your favorite moment happiest moment
scariest craziest whatever it was don't
forget to leave with some comments for
next week's episode can you say Happy
New Year Happy New Year Happy New Year
have a great week guys bye
