hi there opening panel Athena and your
family look at the oh nice dancing my
colonic
oh this is a really nice letter that
comes from Japan you guys Wow and they
say the husband and the wife are both
teachers yeah that is cool and they live
by Tokyo Disneyland
oh that's pretty lucky and there's a
second part of their letter that's
really nice and they've been watching
our channel for more than two years
oh yeah look at these adorable vegetable
cutters look at you getting it yeah I
don't wanna tell it nigga elephants I
know and I said this doll and a bunch of
snacks what do you guys say thank you
look it's a pokemon card me I'll be okay
there's all these pictures Thank You
Lauren
this comes from England you guys Wow Oh
a nice-looking Michael on there yes I
like this theme park that's a cool one
huh good is it good you like a
marshmallow
yeah different flavor oh yes Mike goes
on yeah what Dave all here's a letter
for everybody
oh I'm glad you like my youtube-channel
Rihanna look she made me a deer Ace Hood
cool dish of her oh how cute
I'm ready Michael's gonna wear we love
the picture right guys yeah super cute
look at this cute footprint for Hana oh
that's so cute oh look at all these
stickers Wow
all of our years I like that
how are you gonna do with money Michael
okay give me you gonna share it with the
kid yeah hmm can I have one take me home
yeah thank you thank you thank you oh
thank you
hi kitty no we're not beginning a cat
shoot but we sure want one look at all
these stamps you guys isn't this cool
oh there's a lot thank you funny silly
bright crisp kind helpful somebody made
that for you this is a letter from Maura
who just sent you all the things she
just made cute Thank You Maura
I love the pineapple look it's me so
cute and Eve came all the way from
Australia are you guys oh right thank
you
I am yeah yeah
oh wow so Zack you are a cutie and know
how to brighten my day mm-hmm that's
nice I love
me fun-packed I don't know what that
says look at all these letters they're
so colorful are things
Oh what do you think thank you oh that's
cool though let's move this comes from
Lindley and she wants to know what your
favorite color is pink quick blue my
hair's or games oh these are nice no
that's so nice and colorful oh look at
the nice pencil then comes with a nice
picture look at the shopkin oh you love
shopkins ideal nice this is from JD from
Australia it's far away to Chris where
baby was to know what kind of lego sets
you like - I like Star Wars like is it
me - Oh Janey also asks if we plan to
have a youtube account when we were kids
not do we absolutely not did you have
YouTube when we were kids that makes us
some old but we're not old Jordan Oh No
Thank You Leah yeah so Leigh I wrote a
note on the back of all your name cards
and she also wrote this nice letter with
a picture tell me what it says Michael
okay yeah oh yeah okay this is all from
Lucy something for everybody
Michael's over there getting done with
the snake do we got oh wow look at that
a time Thank You Lucy David you're
amazing and cool hail our nation
medicine yay Thank You Sophia
oh she's worse in Tennessee we're doing
the Tennessee aren't we ah India where
does yours come from the UK yeah lotta
letters Erica Zack the one you're about
to open comes from New Zealand well
really far away for me it says Michael
you're so cute
thank you um thank you enjoy thank you
my from northern island wow that's
really far away nice drawing - that's
really cute
how about you David yeah York New York a
mine funk Lorca cool this is from my
friend Lea Michele Wow a show this is
from Katie Ann it from New York school
we're going to New York soon - ok Somali
Norway I don't think we've ever gotten
mail from Norway unless we're forgetting
thank-you card I can do that oh what a
nice bladder oh yeah it has your name in
it basketball soccer ball nose look at
this ring fit that's a great picture
it's from Nadia and Brianna this is cool
these are little labels someone sent us
with your names on them you guys this is
cool thank you whoever something to us
this comes from Lilly and she wants to
know if Alisa can make a morning routine
video sure this one's for you Michael
what is it back oh nice
what do you have David from him
that's a nice picture isn't it or video
Kota and you put the two and then here's
a letter right here also put them really
nice young lady from know I'll keep your
from Hannah I'll be fine oh look guys
this person drew Batman
they wrote a nice letter look a lesson
my little pony cute necklace look it oh
did they make you a necklace yeah nice
house we go open it up sure oh that's
cute this is your name it does thank you
okay see ya
these are cards sent from Bulgaria so
they're for us to send to people well
that's really nice this is from Azzurri
and in the back they show their favorite
YouTube channels of all time and family
fun fact is the biggest part of the
graph that's good huh thank you brandy
Thank You Lucy that's a nice letter from
Millie hon Alyssa yeah thank you
I absolutely love watching your YouTube
videos when I'm sad I always watch then
APNIC make me feel better
my favourite ones are the 24-hour videos
from Ellie in the UK dear sons woke up
you guys are the best channel ever I
love your videos yeah Nene hey guys this
fan is from Ireland and she says her
favorite videos are the 24 hour videos
okay yeah she wants to meet us one day
mom I go to Ireland on you guys yeah
Michael wants to go
like you can draw on Tracy oh yes to you
Michael
Wow look at this letter that's nice
oh this she sets of stickers David
that's for you and Alyssa you got your
own personal note as well oh thank you
thank you Oh
oh wow it's a funky one drink our model
it's really cute
it is a really cute bracelet that looks
yummy huh okay coach it was really cute
Michael did you see what you got this is
really really cute singing for the pool
we will put it in the pool okay thank
you
they'll buy
