hi guys welcome to mommy Monday I'm on
the way to the kids school because I'm
going to be going to Alyssa's band
concert I'm really excited to go because
Alyssa is the only 5th grader in the
advanced and everybody else is older
than her so I'm excited to see her
perform and it's the last week here at
school before Christmas break so we've
got a bunch of fun activities going on
and then this afternoon we're gonna go
Christmas caroling
let's younger cute Jess
she is I'll chose that for her concert
this is the cutest little room
decoration we're just having her touch
party right noodle what are you gonna do
angel look it like a waffle
fruits good let me see I mean they did a
Secret Santa exchange at their school
and I was defending her kid somebody
knows what you love that's a great
present
what do you think
super cute then you gotta go tell her
thank you
happy
thank you good job Michael did you get
sick yeah Michael seems to have a fever
there is X performance and he felt so
warm so I'm going to give his
temperature here let's see hmm
that says 101.4 for a baby for some
other people no not necessarily
he looks like he just has a little bug
of some sort we're gonna give him some
tylenol though and Nico be ok I can tell
he doesn't feel good because he is just
tired and lethargic
open sleigh
Oh
go down go away we're on the way to
voice lessons with the kids and
Michael's looking like he's gonna take a
little nap here we're heading to frozen
yogurt to celebrate Zack and Alyssa's
performances today
oh you're getting two flavors
cake butter and pumpkin that's a good
mix I got
Big Brother and Reese's swirl together
looks good
Oh Chris is getting the same love things
to choose from
what are you getting Michael M&Ms
I got pain in mine Wow look at that
Michael how are you feeling do not stick
anymore
you're better than me
we took the kids to the store because
we're going to look for some baby
clothes this is going to be so fun oh
that would be adorable
that's how I can't kind of matches what
you're wearing right now the red and
black you guys are trying to read things
that are high I know
oh thank you yeah be careful yeah that's
cute
oh you like that one that's cute
that's for you let me see that's okay
the twenty pockets we're all good
Oh with overalls that's really cute not
for you though you guys look so cute I
see that you guys got a lot of stuff and
I want you to pick up pick up everything
you guys picked on all boy stuff nothing
for girls
it's like the boys are picking out boy
stuff we got lot of girl thing and a lot
of glue that's cute you can't hear your
clothing it wasn't any cute oh wow
progress everywhere you go grandma yeah
it's really huh okay let's go cuz
we bought our stuff we won't show you
what's in the bag
but we did buy some stuff hurry let's
run in the rain now I'm going to answer
a couple questions from you guys mark
asks if I teach anybody else the piano
and I used to have quite a few piano
students and I actually miss them a lot
hopefully some of my piano students so I
use the teacher watching because I want
to say I miss you all a lot and I hope
you're all doing fantastic with your new
teacher but at this time the only
students that I teach are my very own
kids
drama queen asks about when the kids are
having a tantrum or something's going
wrong what do we do to help calm them
down and what I usually do is try to
distract them and just like change the
subject sometimes helps just to like get
their mind off whatever they're upset
about and what do you do from public I
try to remove them from the situation
find a quiet spot I hold their hand I
try and fill their pain just repeat
whatever they're saying so if somebody
hit Michael one of the twins and he's a
he hit me also did he hit you you know
yeah and then maybe he feels a little
better I'll hug him um I just stay calm
because then if I get caught up in it I
get upset they'll get more upset so
that's what I do
Ron asks if we prefer regular movies or
3d movies I would have to say that I do
like bulb we don't go to the movies all
the time but we've seen one 3d movie and
it's okay except when you have to wear
the glasses so I kind of don't like
wearing the glasses I kind of prefer
just to like look you know with my
regular eyes and then they spray you
with water instead
I'm sorry Levine no the 3d ones though
Disneyland no everywhere you go Legoland
is now all the things are got the same
things a little like fake cockroaches I
think she's a bank you I spray water and
like gas and think you learn movies in
the theater regular 3d yeah in the
theater I decide she doesn't know we're
talking about red icing 3d movies like
Jen please we've only seen one 3d movie
he just can't remember it but I think we
do like regular movies better you do the
3d is cool it is cool right okay yeah he
knows I write but you know how many
people touch that his glasses I that's
true the glasses are gross okay I always
wonder if they clean the glasses they
say they did what they probably don't
that's gross Rita asks what the kids
favorite cartoon is and Michael used to
love Sofia the first he still loves
Sophia they're there but he also really
likes Elena of avalor so all the kids
love Elena
my sister Heather loves Elena if she was
out here right now she'd be like jumping
up and down saying she loves it but
Sofia Elena you know we all kind of like
him they have really good music we
really like them cuz the music's so good
it's not like a really dumb cartoon
they're cute and good so those are the
favorites anyway guys thanks so much for
watching we hope you guys have a great
week hope you guys enjoyed the vlog and
if you did don't forget to leave us a
thumbs up and leave me some questions
for next week's episode see you later
