well hello everybody today I am going to
my first doctor's appointment for the
new baby and I'm so excited I've been
waiting for this appointment for a
really long time
so I'm excited to see what the doctor
has to say and find out my due date and
all that good stuff so I'm gonna take
you guys along with me and I will film
as much as I can today okay while I'm
walking in there was a lot of traffic
because I did not follow my GPS so I'm
like out of breath because I'm
practically late but okay
we're good so there's like a million
people everywhere at this hospital and I
get to the waiting room totally empty
I'm just waiting here for the ultrasound
his deal to some machine and here's the
first look at our brand new baby there's
the head there's the back and there's
the little legs this is the heartbeat
I'm all done with my appointment I met
with a really nice doctor and it's dark
outside I think we talked for a really
long time in there the doctor said the
baby looks fantastic and it was funny
because as soon as she took a look at
the baby through the ultrasound she was
laughing because she's like I think
you're further along than you think you
are
and it turns out that I'm actually
sixteen weeks pregnant already which is
shocking because I have not been like
morning sick and also because I thought
that I was ten or twelve weeks or
something like that so anyway I'm gonna
be having the baby in May I'm really
excited because that means I'm further
close to having the baby which is
awesome and
please do on May 20th okay well it's the
next day and we're going to have a
little ultrasound so we can see our baby
maybe tell the gender and we got a list
out of school so she could see are you
excited yeah that's where you're going
to look at our new baby do you want to
see our baby a picture Michael yeah
Oh Michael that I love that
look ELISA look at the cute little nose
and mouth
now you can see the heart tail
thank you baby baby right now I'm not
here yeah that's cute
Michael what do you see up there yeah
what's the name of the baby Michael
you don't know I guess a hi to mama is
the baby in mommy's tummy yeah you see
the picture of the baby the pictures
over there you like to be
Michael what does mommy have inside her
yeah can you believe it
you want to kiss the baby right there
kiss my tummy right there yeah
that's nice
is it gay the last time we're in the
store and we're going to get some crafts
for Alyssa's video all SRECs things you
like whoo I like that look at this like
a big Christmas poinsettia a perfect one
for you here we go totally cute oh look
at the green eyes this is a list of
favorite section all the stuffed animals
are you excited to do your video yeah I
got some good stuff show me what's in
the bank we got some ribbons and some
buttons and socratic yep did you guys
have a good day at school yeah guess
what all you guys were at school today
we went and we got to see pictures of
our baby yeah do you want to see when we
get home yeah okay hey Jesse Brooke know
if the baby's not born yet but we got to
see pictures of the baby inside my tummy
cool huh is all working before Oh in the
forest mud piles up oh no oh no who did
this is this a dog I have a feeling our
cute little puppy Hana oh definitely is
digging in our yard oh boy I come here I
come you guys are too fast
it looks good over here now we cut all
of our trees down so we can actually
walk over here
Oh what does this say somebody put a
note down here this says look out for
spiders bees and mud that's it go off
that Oh what oh there's a note on that
tree - what is this Thanks
yeah hey Norville no picking go Krista
it looks like whoever made this note
made everyone listen cuz this tree is
like over full of orange or Michaels you
want to pick owners to eat we see some
okay our secret cameras canvas and
trapped in here and back off in this
that's get out oh my gosh look don't
want eating oranges yes I kind of think
your kids are out here eating oranges
all day aren't you
Michael have you guys been eating some
oranges here's another note it looks
like the kids are unhappy that we trim
these trees up because it used to be
super hard to walk down here but this is
their secret hideout huh yeah I see that
jumping Baylor's be like oh well this is
a good hideout because it's full of
fruit you'll have enough food all day
last week I promised I'd show my whole
tree when it was all decorated now you
guys can see some of my favorite
ornaments are my Disney ones and there
they all are there's that one and that
one that one there's just a whole bunch
of cute Disney ones on here and over
here there's a couple more this once
acutely got it in New York and it turns
on you can sort of see that light
turning on there and the other I was
going to show you guys was our North
Pole with the actual stockings cuz I
couldn't find the stockings last week so
this is the very first talking we ever
got when we are first married and I
don't even know why but we have taken
off the tag that's really sad
but it's old we have all these cute
stockings I've kind of gone with a
Disney theme so there's that one and
there's the rest of my other stuff that
I couldn't find this week either I'm
gonna answer a couple of the questions
that you guys submitted last week
everybody's asking what are we gonna
name the baby and the answer is I don't
know yet and I'm not really going to
make a decision probably until he or she
is actually born because I always have
trouble picking my favorite name
Angelica asks when Alyssa started
getting her clothes at justice Alyssa
doesn't find everything at justice but
when she first started shopping at that
store I would say it was probably early
maybe sometime in 2014 but mostly it was
actually last year XXVI NO X and that's
I don't know how you say your name but
that's the username they ask what's the
naughtiest thing that kids had ever done
I would say the worst things they've
done would be waking up early before us
and trashing the kitchen with a bunch of
food because they were trying to feed
themselves um getting into my purse and
taking all of my pennies and nickels and
everything out of my wallet which is
something they always do because they
love change
yes they do that um and what else
I don't know making messes overall I
would say mess making is like the worst
thing to do Zach says trashing the house
and sneaking food and that's pretty much
what I think so we're in agreement here
Lorelai asks when we plan on getting the
kids phones and I don't know the answer
to that I have considered getting the
kids phones maybe Alisa at least not the
other kids yet and I don't know I don't
know if all this really needs one yet so
as soon as I think that they need one
I'll definitely get on one but right now
they just seem too young for it anyway
thanks guys for watching hope you all
have a great week
and leave me some questions for next
week's episode talk to you later
