hi guys welcome to mommy my neck we are
decorating our house for Christmas today
are you so excited so we're getting the
tree ready here middle section section
we partner with the Macy's Santa project
and the kids are super excited for Santa
to come
okay oh that's one of my favorites music
no yes it's all sparkly and pretty can
you put it on
okay
good job okay
do you like doing this keep one look at
this one one hold this one we got in
Washington DC taking up very carefully
hold on I'm just gonna be very careful
with it
here's another one from Washington thank
you wants to put it up blue easy it's
adorable
you know do you remember that ornament
yeah tell me what you're right that
looks nice
Alyssa setting up our Christmas scene
this is all of the toys that are safe
for Michael things
everything's plastic
because I serve duck you look so cute so
now we're putting some of our
decorations up we don't have as many
places to set all of these little things
we have but we're finding spots two guys
never we got this nativity oh yeah and
Papa Papa Papa made this you guys nice
did a good job on it you know it's nice
we did make a Christmas tree there's the
start I mean there's no star energy you
know what we better go do that yeah he's
gonna do the stars that good oh okay
we're gonna try to put our star up here
it's not the strongest star but we'll
try
hey that's pretty good kind of Leaning
but we got it right a little bit yeah
well we've been decorating it it appears
that we're missing a box of decorations
so I'm going to have to show you guys
next week the rest of our stuff because
I'm missing some of my favorite
ornaments and so I'm going
decorations for the walls to Montacute
which one was which david which was
kindergarten was first grade oh there's
a cute little town for sure-footed I
always think if we have something up
there it would look perfect up there let
me see it
daddy this is your job too you get to
hang the mistletoe I know where I'm
gonna hang it first that is my favorite
wreath of all time landfill
yeah those are the stocking holders this
is our North Pole that my dad made us to
hang our stockings on but I think our
stockings are in a different Oh
elastic to like this I think our
something during that box of stuff I
can't find so I will find this for sure
by next week oh I got a broken one we're
gonna have to ask Papa to make us some
more Oh with that
oh forget it and who made it me and Papa
that's right this is a very special one
because David and
just together out of wood they very
quickly can adapt and painted it here's
a close-up of the Nativity that my dad
made you can see how pretty the top is
the kids are over here leaning thank you
all the Christmas punk I keep the
Christmas smokes out throughout the year
so it's a surprise
hey Christmas every year and they get to
read and make forgotten about them that
is Gracchus ed Bozak is a Fargo one of
those oh we also got the letter your
sticker is my favorite I love the girl
Holly Holly is in Seoul mm-hmm this is
anupam it's Santa merry q is a little
trick you guys I hear the letter yeah
okay here is the letter and it says
we're back we sure have missed you guys
we've got some fun surprises in store
for you now it's so exciting that
Christmas is already here the most
magical time of the year we are super
excited to hide in your new house this
year
keep your eyes peeled and look from
where we were hiding around the house
we've never hidden here before but we
have already scouted out some great
places to hang out and keep our eyes on
you as always let's review the elf rules
don't touch us we will lose our magic
and number two always be on your best
behavior because we are watching and
reporting to Santa Santa told us you can
write a letter and leave it with us and
we can deliver it to him actually
tinsel will be delivering the letters he
can fly really fast to the North Pole
yeah I don't even hear that's why he
came with us early this year exciting
huh yeah so hurry and write your letters
have a great Christmas and we hope what
you like what we brought you today love
Holly Molly and Tim Wolfe that's so cute
Alyssa put tinsel and Molly right there
for now and Zack put Holly right over
there on the piano so we'll see where
they end up in the morning that trees
looking cute Alyssa what do you guys
most looking forward to this Christmas
season making cookies oh that's a bunny
nice Tom being fabulous no no
my collegues playing in the ball pit
that's always a good thing to do to
running in the snow anything else you
guys you guys like singing Christmas
songs yeah
guys wanna go sing some couples houses
yeah I love Christmas caroling are you
guys ready to turn on the lights okay
we're going to dim the lights in the
house
David ready yeah go ahead so pretty
I know what's your favorite you guys
like the white lights or the colored a
rainbow hey everybody I couldn't like
the white night hopefully you guys
enjoyed watching us started it great for
Christmas and I'm excited to tell you
guys next week
everything was all done and I did
promise I try to answer some more
questions since I've kind of slacked on
that one more thing we want to share is
that we're trying to help spread the
Christmas cheer and the magic and belief
in Santa by flooding the internet with
pictures videos and tweets of Santa and
our belief and why do you believe so
we're asking all of our fans to do the
same if you guys post something wish you
tagged hashtag Santa project and show us
why you believe how you believe and what
you guys do to keep Christmas magical
the first question I'm going to answer
comes from a lot of you guys have passed
about Michael and his knowledge of the
new baby does he know about it does he
feel excited does he understand
and no he doesn't really understand I
don't think I think that he's excited
about the concept because all the kids
are talking about it and I'm talking
about it but I don't think he actually
realizes that there's going to be a new
person in our family I think when the
new baby comes he's going to be
surprised and happy and he is very very
loving I wasn't sure you guys know and I
think he's going to be kissing the baby
to death all the time and I think he'll
be happy but he'll be maybe a little
disappointed because he won't have a
playmate right away I think he will
expect that the baby comes out as a
two-year-old or something so my camera
died so I don't know if I got that whole
last thing in but I'm excited to see
Michael with the new baby and all the
other kids we're all so excited and
hopeful has a baby updates for you guys
soon I'm gonna have my first appointment
soon and we'll have a due date and all
that good stuff so thanks for watching
don't forget to leave me a couple
questions for next week and see you
later bye
