you think this long enough to deliver
bird
this is going to keep the Tigers there
is a quick round there's a cool
playground there's our way up in the sky
can you keep coming
Michael got to the very top almost and
he got scared so David and Chris are up
there helping
Creedy
picture there's a really big line back
there lying to my favorite animals what
you thinking wow it's anything pretty
neat huh
oh thank you kudos young lady the
aardvark
is everybody having fun me too that
wasn't sleeping or something I think
pretty bird
warthogs a lot of flamingos in that
picture isn't it we're having a little
picnic and we're waiting cuz they're
gonna feed the elephants in just a few
minutes
hello son lured this peacocks down with
a raspberry electrons Barry explaining
this is for you honor right there's a
huge bird over there - looks like the
Peacocks coming up to us before the show
feels he's almost touching me with his
feathers
down oh I should know this
they are real
those teeth you guys Wow
like the lizard
there are no snakes in Hawaii except for
in the zoo
it's a cute little bent you should get a
really slow ride somewhere
hey thank you feeling down yes gonna
rainy thing I believe is up there
there's a female hiding them as a
blanket right there look at he's laying
down now
Oh
cute little feet there's a look at this
giant tortoise it's even bigger this one
is huge hard it really feels how big it
is but that thing is giant
niggas so cool what yes it was their
plan I've never seen quite this big in
my life
it's a really cute picture lean forwards
so I don't think it's a car you normally
see the dog but David's right they look
like German shepherds a little bit done
thing look at their tails who had fun at
the zoo today were you able to find the
hidden pineapple in today's video if you
did be sure to leave a comment with the
hashtag hidden pineapple so we can
choose you for fan of the week
