so we have a big surprise for you guys
you like surprises
so to figure out what the surprise is we
have these presents right here that
daddy's holding and you guys are going
to open them does everybody have one
they like okay
I got half the plans what did you get
Zach what are those
Abed no let's open it up and look and
see what's inside here Oh like a look at
one though oh my gosh mom I don't know
if they would put Michael why did you
still wear diapers
no what do you guys think
michael has no survivors only what you
got I got two sons two son isn't my
tummy how small it out it's like this
big it's like really really small it's
just hanging out in there just living
inside my tummy you come here very
carefully you have to go to the doctor
go to the doctor and they grab your
belly open no they don't do they do it's
very tricky today do they just get a
little better get me to have your baby
yeah sometimes they do cut your tummy
open but they don't always do that oh
yeah
somebody want to help Michael so excited
I know
won't it be fun to have a little baby
Michael yes a hat hmm this is another
baby quick you know what we're going to
eat all these diapers up really fast
yeah aren't they cute though
like the tiniest little diapers over on
so he doesn't make a mess let's put your
diaper on come on oh you guys let's get
to show you about these diapers luck
look at this hold it I prefer second you
see this little wine right here this is
kind of cool because when your baby pees
in his diaper the little yellow line
turns green and then that's how you know
how to change his diaper there's no coal
or hair or her I'm used to saying his my
father is the pacifier for like how long
probably almost a year and forgotten the
joys of pacifiers it's a fun thing who's
the most excited about our new baby
okay we have a question for you Michael
baby I like the cake
