hi guys it's time for nice pretty I like
that I want to go there okay
so here it talks about the tricks are
gonna eat looks like there's gonna be
some good ones here's everything that
comes in this month's box from Italy it
looks like everything is sweet what do
you guys think yeah we're gonna try this
one first it comes like this in two
little packages and then you can open
them up and break them apart I didn't
really know feeling
yeah I don't know yeah jarred country
yeah
next we're gonna try this one this one
comes like this
no I'm cutting a check I was going to be
like a little trick if you like overs
are Michaels I don't love it tastes like
birthday cake to Zack
it's like Tom do sing but crunchy do you
guys like it or no uh a lot dad if you
like the top I feel like sandpaper these
cookies are made with 26% egg really
yeah that's a lot of egg in one cookie
okay let's do this one next
it's cheese Holly ROTC I was guessing it
was gonna be vanilla what do you guys
think
well action I just say - know what - I'm
not sure
now I think I put a Maria oh I don't
really like it no I love Chris Warren
labor
I don't you Zack you love it ELISA do
you love it or hate it medium now we're
gonna try this one this is how I thought
the other one was gonna be a little tray
Wow got another crunchy one just to kind
of place yeah daddy
just like one of those butter cookies
holiday-time been escalating it says
that they hold this 192 times in order
to get the flaky Center really a lot of
times now we're gonna try this one
here's what this one looks like before
we're gonna cut it and here's what it
looks like enough tasty and chocolatey
black it tastes a lot like hazelnut it
does it's a good flavor isn't it thumbs
up from everybody yeah everybody like
right now we're gonna try this one
here's what this one looks like we have
to open this one carefully because it
says there's a poem on inside here's the
inside of the wrapper here's what the
inside of this one looks like looks like
it does look cool you guys like it yeah
Michael do you like it oh it's dark
chocolate maybe that's how you guys are
like very strong bitter almost fish so
we're getting some thumbs down it looks
like it was good
Dave likes it daddy likes fun next are
these ones there here we go oh cool
it's pieces of cookies they're kind of
cute they sound crunchy
Oh Chris gave it to thousands now my
feet really plenty so I I don't hit it
did I don't love it man but I don't know
you like it
chocolate chips are kind of bitter
it tastes like cocoa now we're gonna try
this choco burger it's really solved
yeah that's really soft
I like a loves it it's really tough love
it everybody likes it yeah Mike adult I
kind of like it I like it because Lily
ducks up Clemmy for not - I get rowdy
good hmm
next we're gonna try this one tenzig
horrible mmm kind of caramel yeah is it
a gun unwrap it love yeah yeah come on
time to help you you can't even back
this it's not really bad but it tastes
really good good yeah okay
I bet this tastes actually really good
because there's only five ingredients
sugar corn syrup milk honey and butter
yeah Bunny's good - I like the flavor of
honey
how is that bad if we could the minerals
so good it's like eating honey straight
out of the jar did you know honey the
only thing that doesn't go bad you guys
are learning about that yeah they found
really ancient honey and it was still
good right it's a cool story huh now
we're gonna try this one this one looks
like this on the top it looks like we're
gonna peel it down it's gonna be really
cute and here it is look I get tentacle
hair I supposed to be like trumpet
blowing yeah the color is on the
chocolate we cut it up so it's a little
hard to see but we had to share it with
everybody
is it good though oh yeah
yeah you like it might be daeun now
dudes it's not good for two-year-olds I
thought it was good that's good advice
Michael I kind of think it tastes like
dark chocolate a little bit like dark
yeah now we're gonna try these ones
this one's just gonna be the four big
kids because they're never a lot Michael
to have hard candy let's get going but I
don't love them woman yeah my good son
but one moment my lion cakes like a
foreign competitors are you guys you
guys like them yeah last we're gonna try
these ones so some white guy is my
favorite I like it too many more look at
that you guys you can see that it's
fizzing out the center is not cool it's
busy and sour I think it's really good
oh you're gonna make a base nigga like
as soon as I did it oh oh take care
before give ladies good
here's the clear next month's box leave
us a comment if you think you know what
country its problem next we're watching
