it's Thanksgiving and we're getting our
turkey ready in the morning this is the
neck oh those are the giblets ie the
liver the heart oh he's going to hurl
this morning we also realized ELISA is
doing a comparison right now the zack
tooth was actually in our little pullout
tray and we just used to have a piece of
cheese or something right there i guess
we just didn't sit yeah I don't know how
everyone in the whole family miss back
though yeah
Thanksgiving monogamy crush it a little
bit because that releases the flavors
the oils in the dryer he wasn't earlier
well it's been about four hours and our
turkey is all done looks really good at
this is the broth from the back
Thanksgiving dinner through you guys a
good dinner
yeah what's your favorite thing you're
eating
my own potatoes you like to introduce of
us likes a cranberry relish
there's the cranberry relish that ELISA
hillocks and cranberries and Chris thank
Chris hopefully that horse didn't he
yeah really weird family
I got a good dessert he got some pumpkin
cake okay we got shop
yeah what's the best one they call your
butter chocolate give it a chocolate
Alex to the pumpkin one you got a lot of
desserts these other two things very
loose
are you pulling it out
oh gosh let me
let's eat I put it in the baggie oh yeah
the counter we don't want to lose this
one although we didn't actually lose
mention did you guys all have a good
Thanksgiving
yeah Michael did too yeah let's all say
something rethink 'fl for and I'll start
I'm thankful for our family I'm still
one teacher for our family and our
friends and our house and our pets bacon
good yakun and Michael thankful for all
the pets in his life
okay Chris will you go next what do you
think mommy will a daddy for shielding
life for mommy in her baby climb on and
peaceful for day and I'm thankful that I
lost a tooth
and I'm thankful for everyone in our
family and guard thankful for Jesus it
for me father again
okay family and our life and our our
house and their fishing on our dogs okay
Danny nice I'm thankful for you yeah my
sweet wife was so amazing and she's the
best mom ever
and for our subscribers of course our
cute baby Michael our cute twins and of
course David who's like the nicest one
the family and Alisa is very responsible
in a very good big sister well listen
anything over i thankful for our channel
that's April for our family and our
house and our freedom that's nice and
Papa I am truly grateful for our family
this makes it the most special day of
the year it's terrible that I'll never
another one in you okay Michael what do
you think before he loves going to
Disneyland he loves all the pets is
family yeah here comes nanny okay what
do you think hold for nanny this right
here
aren't you lying there I still have papa
he didn't die for you to go and I'm
thankful for these cute little boys
who have no teeth book and only girl in
the family my precious little and for my
cute daughter and her sweet husband and
that you look close to me so I can see
you every day
that's right it okay that's alright
Happy Thanksgiving
