hi guys we have something really
exciting for you guys today you might
have noticed that we skip some videos
lately and my mommy Monday episodes have
been a little bit shorter than normal
and that's because I've been so tired I
can hardly do anything because we are
expecting a baby we are we're so excited
I'm really really excited we've been
dying to tell you guys but I just
haven't felt well enough to even film
like I said been so tired thankfully not
as sick as I have with my previous
pregnancies but still it's been a little
bit hard yes and this is a big deal for
us because like it's been a little bit
scary with some of the other babies and
pregnancies so it took us a couple years
to be like can we do it am I gonna be
okay and we feel like we hopefully will
so you guys will be along with this
stuff yes we're excited we're excited to
let you guys see us tell the kids and my
parents and my family and our family so
you can't wait more coming soon yes guys
comes up for a new baby comes up I can
so excited to tell you guys I guess I'm
so excited I'm dying to tell you guys
we're having a baby okay
