hi welcome to fellow game night today
we're gonna play headband here's how you
play this game we're gonna turn this
thing on and then we have these two
piles of carts and we have these things
you're gonna wear around your head so
much try this on David it's my headband
so David's gonna get that around his
head and he's gonna put a card in it
like this and he can't see what it says
and then his team is gonna tell him
things to help and guess what it is
there's three different ways to play the
question mark means that you get to ask
the guests or the category and then they
hang out yes or no questions on the ask
it round you get to ask the questions on
these cards here's the next one is the
describe effect it it looks like this
little like speech bubble okay
and the describe it one means you can
say anything to help them guess it but
you can't tell them what it is so he
doesn't ask questions we tell them
things he tries to get okay and the last
one is to do it do it kinda has like a
little person the do it one that means
we get to act but you're not allowed to
make sound effects so if it's a pig but
you can't go good boy blue we haven't
just go okay okay and then we're gonna
push this bomb when it's time to start
okay so we have this
Blue team over here which is Alyssa Zack
nanny and Auntie TV and over here we
have the red team which is David and
Chris Papa and daddy melissa is the
first guesser for the blue team
she's getting her three cards okay and
then David why don't you get your 3
cards because Eve is the first answer
from the red team guys ready yeah do it
do it
and early honey with a big flop yeah
okay red team over to your times
clicking right now to hurry who's
exporting Oh David's gonna get this one
basket is it Mel yeah is it um it's kind
of we were playing it today
anyway
yeah
Spyder
you're watching
