oh the kid stays hi
fuck on the mommy Monday we're still on
our road trip and today's a driving day
we are driving from Washington DC to
Texas but we're stopping at Tennessee
along the way so it's a long drive
coming up for us but we're excited in
Texas one of the highlights of our trip
is going to be the spice lime we're
going to go on it's a tall slide made of
ice it's really cold it sounds like it's
going to be really fun so it'll be good
what are you guys looking forward to
meeting the kids like to eat that's a
good thing
they're watching Matilda they've never
seen it before and I think they're
actually really enjoying the movie and
we're eating at lunch or in the middle
of sandwiches in the car so hopefully we
have a slightly uneventful day because
that means it was a good driving day we
just stopped at this plantation it's
called Belle Grove it's a National
Historic Site I also got my passport
book stamped here here's the house and
it was built in the late 1700s it is
really windy out here today anyway ever
since I discovered the passport stamp
book I really enjoy going to national
parks I just think it's really fun to
like give my little book stamped and
remember where I went when I went my
meeting
aurilla we got these on sale after
Halloween sale the best time to get
candy and junk are you ready to keep
going I know Oh Michael I just can't
stop talking for at the gas station and
the voice was a kiss mommy oh I love you
we're visiting the Woodrow Wilson
Presidential Library with the kids and
this is where he was born he was excited
to see this looks a nice happy wonder
plays born in the state pretty cool huh
see the pineapple
look at these you guys rentals pretty I
think it's one of myself habit and it's
very beautiful
cabbage yeah
we're back on the road and it's really
pretty around we'll save you guys so you
can get a lot of a look there's some
pretty trees everywhere yeah that's a
pretty rainbow you're making
Thank You Virginia well done here before
Oh Virginia I didn't even know what
state we were in
put it is pretty look at that over there
pretty trees over there some more
do you guys on a show here snacking on
goldfish those are muddy buddies that we
also got on the after Halloween
clearance and Michael Sata airhead I
think Alissa day would have the same
thing back there and then Matt and I are
up here eating pistachios they're pretty
good
every time we try to go somewhere
Michael's always asleep Michael do you
want to eat dinner Michael do you want
to eat dinner everybody's over here
eating and Michael decided just to hit
something
so we'll he'll wake up before we leave
so you can get some dinner Michael
finally woke up who you're gonna eat
corn
yummy and you got carrots and you got
yummy orange potatoes
look guys Ron our hotel you're not cool
the waterpark in our hotel yeah
