well that's a nice beautiful day here in
Washington DC today not as gorgeous is
my wife it's like 75 degrees oh it's
nice it's been cold the last couple days
so we're gonna go see the Washington
Monument which is right over there nice
what it is isn't it it's really tall
it's crazy how big this is look at that
it doesn't look so big one more far away
does it guys look at that that's asking
Siri how tall it is what's the answer
555 feet Michael didn't want to do it
but look even you guys are the arms out
aren't even like halfway across I'm
stamping my passport book hereit's for
the National Parks passport and I've
been doing it here in Washington DC so
here some of the other ones like on
here's aware right now which is the
Washington Monument so here's my
passport book I'm going to show you guys
the inside of it cause it's pretty cool
so some of these are stamps we actually
got during this trip the Statue of
Liberty and some stuff over there these
stamps are from this trip but my
favorite section of course is the
western region because I have so many
stamps there what are these these are
all from Hawaii in California is that
bad and then I have my old passport book
from before I got my big one and it's
also got a really funny good-looking
green section I like very cool all these
national parks we went to these over
here are the patches that you guys have
gotten for the Junior Ranger program so
different places we've been to uh-huh
kids got patches and this is from this
trip they just got this one I think
doesn't my favorite
yeah the patches are really cool we went
to the White House the other day but we
didn't get to go to the visitors center
so now we're going to go in the White
House visitor center and get our stamp
here for our books have to go through
security here
quite beautiful in here there's the
White House the star-spangled banner'
National Historic Trail and the
presidents Park we're at the American
History Museum oh cool
there's a lot of cool hands-on stuff
here wow that looks great Chris they're
building their own City to play soccer
this is a city bus shuttle
oh you love escalators don't you now
let's go play first come on we'll go on
that later okay okay you want me to come
with you yeah oh it's a tight squeeze
ah there's a little slide at the side
now go down you got all the apples
you see fishies in their table that
looks like a Nemo fish huh I see you
good job it is should we wash your hands
on your dry pants yeah you see the boys
over there look Chris Chris and Zack
wherever they're doing some fun stuff
this is a toy nanny had for mommy when
she was little yeah mommy had that nanny
saved it for mommy
looks good
this area is for tiny babies Michael
it's for you
are you a tiny baby this is a really
really big dollhouse it's very old look
at this it's got so many rooms it's
pretty cool huh how's that nanny's gonna
think this is really cool I can't wait
to show her are you guys making stuff
this looks great and how about you over
here what are you making David I'm
trying to make one know some guy lighter
since I'm going to put your handle Oh to
see if it's gonna fly cool little lissa
I believe a plane I'm going to finish
and
oh cool
you're gonna cut a piece of metal right
another nice
oh cool David let me see that again the
slingshot he made a hot-air balloon with
a working propeller very good you cut
something are you eating good boy Alessa
got a pizza lunchable into the sack and
I'm having a peanut butter and jelly
sandwich and so was mad
Wow
this is really funny this is a 711 ad it
advertises that you should leave your
children in the car things have
definitely changed haven't they we drove
all the way from California down a DC on
the way / make our way down to Texas and
take a 10 all the way back
thank raising we're driving across the
whole US this trip whoa yeah weren't
easy look at that oh there goes did you
guys have fun today what was your
favorite part the horse
uh-huh Michael was your favorite part
Michael like the store and Doc what was
your favorite part
oh cool oh yeah you guys like building a
lot that was pretty fun too
you
Oh
