we're here feel the burn we're hanging
trolls
you
you got is there's diamond poppy or
branch which one you guys want wait oh
I'm gonna get popped of course you are I
love my troll because he's got big pink
hair he's gonna be mad at the other time
so papi is always very energetic she
loves keeping hugs
let's do it cuz they drop cupcakes in
the movie you can do this Cody said you
guys first yeah
because our world gonna be out of your
sense now super yeah
formerly oh my gosh look at those
muscles
why did you choose branch he does look
tough huh
I think I would have chosen him too hey
guys see this guy you have he has a lot
of confidence so that's why he doesn't
have clothes should also let me out here
don't you think that's adorable mine too
you naked all day cuz he does it
Halloween nice and cozy of all their
school are you really excited I also
like papi because she's optimistic look
at the hair extensions and double pink
I'm not into cell phone the cupcakes you
better look the shorts this is adorable
and random sparkles this metal fiddling
fibers
have been telling Michael and hands
together to get the hearts nice and warm
so that your toe help one part alright
won't mind the issues another phrase
like alright any is it gonna shake
around something harder for you alright
now we'll the - smile
you
