previously on when dolls come alive hey
guess what what my mom said if I do all
my laundry and get cleaned up from
camping I can have a sleepover really
yeah do you want to have one sure maybe
you think he'll do our sleepover we're
doing a sleepover that would be totally
oh go over the popcorn look that's such
a fun sleepover we had last night
it sure was it was a really good time
I'm so glad we invited smiley - she was
really nice
me too maybe we could invite her on our
hike today I'll be fun we're gonna have
a really good time with all of our
friends doing our picnic yeah
okay let's go yeah okay okay many good
food oh hello I didn't see you there
welcome back would you girls like to buy
some food for me today
hmmm I think I'm okay are you are you
okay how about we get you some food oh
you want to give me food yeah you can be
when I come to our hike today I would
love to go on a hike I love hugging yeah
we're going in to make and we're gonna
have a picnic it's gonna be really fun
can I hide my twin sister Riley sure oh
this will be so much fun but I think
that maybe you should change your outfit
is that okay don't think I don't like
small footprints well you never know
there could be some bug is it a dirty
dirty hands I could wipe them on my
apron
well that's true I'll look and see what
I have I have so much clothes river
flossing
oh I just didn't know it's yeah hair
clip is so cute
well thank you let's get going this is
going to be so much fun yay okay let's
go okay I think I have everything ready
for our picnic here's a salad the
watermelon and
cake yeah that looks great hey girls I
picked up my sister Riley I like to
introduce you to her hi it's nice to
meet you all
nice to meet you here outfit is really
cute show you right thanks yes finally I
like your purple - it's really Oh things
are something I threw together last
minute okay guys let's go to the
trailhead and wait for our friend no
we've got more fans so oh I love friends
me too okay we're here at the trailhead
could be so fun
sure is as soon as Abigail gets here we
can leave good luck Ike sorry I'm late I
had to practice my bow at least 50 times
oh man okay lovely now thank you do I
look okay for the hike oh yeah gorgeous
I love your shoes anything you decide
which ones to pick because I love you so
much
should we get going yeah I'm so excited
okay let's go I love hiking it's so much
fun oh look there's nature
I absolutely adore it
haha I think we're surrounded by nature
not really mmm your glasses fell oh oh
no I can't see I can't see oh I think oh
no I still can't see
oh I can see again thank you feel oh the
new kind Harry can I see oh that was so
close oh you're such a good friend thank
you you are so hi I'm gonna glue these
to my head I can't keep them on you know
that maybe those traps you can get and
they go on the back and they stay on
forever I didn't even know that Abigail
are you lost
well no actually I was looking for a
flower but I am I think that's poison
oak Abigail no no
I lied it out oh no I've touched it what
do I do
it might give you a rash oh babe okay we
Oh
you get better cities meet you I don't
want to touch anyone I'm afraid I'll
give it to you that's a good idea I
think oh my gosh my hands are itching so
bad yeah
oh look there's a staple ahead maybe
make have a first day okay
Oh woman just hurry you guys a SAS table
you'll see I can't see
help help help alongside coming okay
Riley you okay as soon we're gonna need
it for fake it for you too soon there's
the fingerprint on my lens come on girls
let's hurry okay excuse me hi y'all my
friend touch poison ivy and she needs a
first aid kit oh dear
you have just yes come on follow me I'll
show you it's right here it's right in
here let me out let me get it for y'all
I just climb over the fence I'm real
good at that hey okay where's your
friend over here Abigail hi Abigail my
name's Deborah hi Deborah this is what
yeah dear I see that yeah well here
let's get some of this out and we'll rub
some of this on thank you so much okay
rub that on real good brings that
helping it all
it makes it feel really cold and gloomy
okay good use this towel wipe it all off
Anke oh you're so welcome
what's you girls doing out here we're
taking a hike fun I like your horses oh
thank you it is not favorite right here
what's your name her name Platt Thunder
beautiful lovely name
her mama's name was water Eagle Oh like
she's a very famous horse she's do
jumping all the time
okay maybe of course you can she's real
friend into it yeah ready yo yo come up
just take a turn and patter what about
the baby horse Oh didn't hear the cutest
time
y'all should come over and go riding
with me sometime
alright today oh well sure you can I
didn't have extra boots y'all can trial
I think I have something to just use
like what's your name my name is Riley
Riley your glasses don't look too good
what I haven't fixed I am hey Vicky
pulling on you know here I got show
fakes far huh
okay just let luck why do you go let him
just step on him there you go now you
don't have to worry about those glasses
anymore ha ha guess I could borrow a spy
Lee's contacts so are y'all sisters oh
yes we are sisters and if you've noticed
I have fun eyes not because I wear
contacts everyone always confuses no
surprise I have blue eyes and so spy Li
where is Brown contact lenses so she
looks different from me so y'all get
along real good
oh we're best friends were the best of
friends so nice yeah these are the girls
well I have a bakery and Riley runs a
diner and we just happen to meet them
one day and so y'all are friends now
yeah we are you know very and any other
girls that live around here
I wish your head free its young Haley's
doing that eat a picnic with us a picnic
yeah yo Lauren bot needed to be a picnic
yeah yeah oh my gosh I just love to I
would just die and turn it to a beach
come on we have your feet up bring
anything to the picnic sure what can I
bring anything well y'all have a blanket
yeah tablecloth tablecloth I have lots
of tablecloths my horse isn't want them
before in their races and stuff okay
well grab your table caught them we'll
go okay okay have this one is this a
good one y'all like this this here's my
favorite one because I love the orange
color and it's my favorite I like
to Muller thank you come on let's go I'm
kind of hungry
me too I'm glad you're coming hey let's
set up the table guys these hotdogs are
almost done they look really good
oh my gosh that watermelon looks like it
just came off of somebody's garden it
looks so good he came out of my garden
oh you are so good at growing things
girl lemonade oh my gosh I cannot tell
you how happy I am yelling bottom you
come with you today we have so many good
foods and plenty to share I love salad
and then you take them chips and potato
chips got to cut these up for the salad
do you need any help
oh I'm so kind of you to ask but I
almost done actually this is one more
cucumber left you're so good at cutting
I am thank hey guys I remember ukulele
let's do a song
Feli we aren't doing that kind of music
oh I just I just love rottens it gets
amazing have you heard of a group called
the Beatles actually I have but they're
for my country that's why I love you day
could be well done really like kind of
music
maybe I'm listening to the wrong group
she always messes up like that why don't
you do know what did you do know what is
you do go ahead I don't care wait I
thought you guys said you didn't fight
it's not fighting it's called arguing
there's a difference we don't argue hey
I own question yeah I saw this thing in
the box and I was wondering what it was
it's a CD oh but it's black I know is a
CD CDs have to be smoother they don't
play in this one look listen to it it's
got like lines on it that's kind of
weird so what is it it says you can't
lay leaf jam on it hmm
did you mom maybe give it to you and
that's why you don't know what it is
yeah and the moving spy only knows it's
okay this is JM useful that's a good
idea
this badly I'll ask her smiley do you
know what this is right here this thing
that's what that is it's a record a
record check it of all the amazing love
oh all right I already write it down
like a turn in a book so telling a plan
it plays song Oh music on there's no
whoa it's a good kisses yeah you you're
pretty close it's like a CD cool I'll
have to see if we can figure out how to
play it that would be fun I don't really
know if they made too many of those well
either way it looks cute right guys hey
did any of y'all girls want to take a
ride on my horse tonight's day and I
didn't eat it okay get your riding boots
on and I'll show you how to mount the
horse are you ready
I'm all ready okay you got your boots on
good I see you got your helmet on good
now walk carefully around the back side
of the horse and come over here to where
I'm standing and now you're gonna put
your left foot in the stirrup and then
swing your right foot over the back of
saddle
there you go good job hey how can you
hang on to the reins or do you want me
to hold them for you whoa careful now
whoa whoa whoa I gotcha
daddy girl steady girl now walk around
real slow with her till you get used to
her she's real gentle but she has to get
used to you and you have to get used to
her okay so just don't real slow this is
pretty fun actually
this was sure fun but it's starting to
get late good thing I brought my lamp
Mickey y'all can come back another time
and we can all take a turn okay well bye
y'all
thanks for inviting me I had such a good
time I hope y'all come again really soon
ruff we kind of - lets museum fun thanks
for letting a favors we're so nice your
horse is really nice thank you
well I'm gonna go take care of my horses
and y'all get home before it gets too
dark okay
can we later hey why don't we invite her
again she's really nice yes really is so
nice and she didn't seem to have any
friends
I know it's still fun making new friends
for a group is sure it is don't forget
to subscribe to my channel it's called
always ELISA cuz I did a lot of fun
videos thanks for watching
umm well you look really cute in those
glasses
