hi guys today we're doing a huge
giveaway we're giving away 10 of
everything you see here yeah we are but
we're gonna be giving away these cool
boogie boards look at this thing when
you could practice your letters on it
that's pretty cool huh
yeah you taste this Sam this is a really
cool toy so you can draw on it somehow
its kind of clearest you can see
underneath it and when you're done
drawing your is it an effect of all
these flash cards what I like about
these cards that came with the small
boogie board is that they're not paper
they're actually like a plastic type
card so they're gonna last a really long
time yours is really cool so Michaels
boogie board has these little marker
attachment things here and they come off
and then you color on this one in its
rainbow and then Nikki racing yeah yeah
or Alyssa can show us who'd you wanna
show Alyssa sure
is that cool this is a good one to win
you guys it's pretty cool names and
cursive you've got all the pencils these
boogie boards are seriously awesome and
it says I think on the package that I
think you can use an app with them to to
see if you're drunk so that's pretty
cool
Michael's using his own finger the small
boogie board also comes with the nice
cover yeah just turn to the sides we can
see it yeah it's got that nice cover to
protect it I don't think the kids are
gonna be able to move on to show you
guys the next thing we're giving away
I'm having too much fun here what are we
gonna give away next yes ten of our
quote is grocery game yucky Mart let's
open those and the boys have some
grocery game lunch pails they're gonna
open to one helping him yeah Michael's
mother feeling oh what's his name it to
surprise ones Oh funny aren't you
surprised ones oh my gosh a bag with
bugs and mold
I'm really scared about the head Oh
mommy brother happy okay he's really not
okay with these big bugs that came he
can stay out there kind of girls than
they do look kind of real yeah just a
yucky mark place at work we're gonna
send to you
I'm putting all my boots on here oh
you're rotten foods right yeah this is a
pretty cute little place that that looks
like it has the freezer that's got my
salt in here you could drop the food
down in this thing yeah oh yeah what
does this do he says yeah but try and
get put them all in bed your box look at
this funny tight apple guy you know it's
like a bad pineapple Michaels deciding
if you can come back over here or not if
you like grocery gang be sure to enter
our giveaway we're also going to be
giving away all these Halloween looks
these are really cool books which is the
best one it's mine this month my friend
transform I'm definitely Maya I think
this one the best
there is my gosh Jamie's got the pirate
one over there and pumpkin jack open up
and find your favorite beach Alyssa says
hers are the best I think this is my
favorite is that skeleton this is my
heart because I have a soccer ball cool
Chris is over they're still doing art
Michaels I find fun the witch and David
could you tell why one this looks like a
waterfall like this but this is actually
the stem of the pumpkin right here so
it's a hidden pumpkin yeah it's cool
next to the emoji giveaway you have this
cash toy emoji we have these sticker
pads you're going to get this slap
bracelet and all these surprise emojis
he's throwing up oh no that's gross look
oh my gosh it's a baseball player he
looks kind of mad look at this one wow
he's a surf board member to him to me
look he's got a long tongue cool you
want to show the stickers they're gonna
get sure let's see
I sure is a lot of Pickers oh well look
at this one these are like I don't know
a piano key oh my gosh look there's a
hammer and axe OOP Oh us q-tip and
picking out our favorite sketches shoes
from Skechers calm look at mine
these ones are light up using my
brother's favorite shoes and we're gonna
be letting three of you guys pick out
your favorite shoes to win
nice design Chris this is so cool is it
a pretty fun toy I think you guys are
going to play a long time with these
boogie boards if you want to enter our
giveaway be sure to click the link in
the description box
