hi guys welcome to mommy Monday we are
celebrating my birthday today I'm happy
but that means I'm getting older but I'm
still happy cuz we're gonna have a good
day we're just gonna hang out do family
stuff I think we're gonna take on it out
for her first little outing because she
has all of her shots so that will be fun
and then we'll just do some fun family
stuff before I head out I wanted to
quickly let you guys know that a few of
you have been telling me you're not
getting our notifications for one will
release a video so I'm going to quickly
show you guys how to make sure your
notifications are on so you do know when
we're putting out videos every day can
you're going to click right here then
you're going to click to send me all the
notifications and then you're going to
save it and then it'll have a little
thing around it showing you're getting
the notifications on I like cannot wait
to get in there but what you like daddy
more I think she's nervous and excited
but I'm going I can take in a video look
at all the little doggies
so your friend yeah you made a new
friend David throw the ball oh no did it
go in the bin
Oh fine this is cheese to play that my
mom made me for dinner and three
meetings I have one more but it's not
that it's not it's too big and wrap and
it's not practical joking like a
photographer this one first
yeah don't you it's not a napping paper
yeah I might be late office rocking
paper forever
what a nice biggie what is this oh
that's good thing so you can watch TV at
2:00 in the morning
it's just wait till doubt or not home
that's very nice man very sue you
haven't worked it he was thinking of
things I needed I do watch TV it's on
time Chris oh dear mom I love you you
are the best mom happy birthday mom love
Chris this is birthday I love you Wow
look at that
you read the whole thing is yes because
here so you get a rise job good job
Chris thank you
oh really practical gift so you should
be the doghouse I don't know we'll find
out that's true I can only that's true I
didn't wear them like out Thank You
Cheryl
you know
this other present in here it's from sit
down my dad got me something it's either
a certificate for golfers it's a car air
freshener for your buzzer minimus
three little sense of things to know
with it here's my cake made by my sister
let's not kill the candle still oh great
now eyeballs get a countdown it's called
a really cool game but you needed a blow
okay here we go
I guess most good like this is the first
one it's purple and pink yes you Abel
what are you gonna do nitrogen lose
their mind
Mario that's right we're gonna do
birthday shopping for Mom Oh dress and
clothes that you will wear every week in
here and day thank you you like that
jacket
well you're all picking up these pretty
jackets for me that's really a pretty
sec oh nice David answer sides okay oh
hello
oops you like that jacket
what'd you find oh that's cute
let's go over ten on the page first I
got do this next I got you this then I
got it in a song oh you know I styled up
cute okay I got you this shirt okay last
minute like a fixer
I do like that - look at you guys I got
the same thing I got in it
do you see that David look no the white
ones Oh
headline you guys got the same one and
then you have a richer okay I'll try all
these on they look nice
okay here's long from Zack what do you
think Zack yeah cuz I like this orange I
only try that one too
yeah you look like a half lion what do
you think Zack this is good really good
winter coat you got me another one
well we trying to sit like that
here's this one I think it's a little
too big but I asked you back look at em
Eric the back of this one's kid though
huh I like it's just a little too big
what do you guys think about this ah
yeah
cute actually what do you guys think
okay this is on the hold of you picked
up for me yeah you can enjoy a quiet
hell with someone bitching I didn't
practice on your back you should be
walking on red carpet because you'll be
getting outfit on thank you what do you
think of this one it's cute
please it's not Alyssa Monday it's my
birthday dang it as I say jacket is you
have a girl right yeah we could be
matching thank you
what do you think about this one thank
you I'm not sure ticket
it's a dress it's okay yeah it's a
pretty dress luckily it is sparkly I
picked out four things I think I'm gonna
get so I'm going to get this one I'm
going to get this one
I'm going to get this one and then I'm
going to get this one it kind of like
long and drapey but it's really praised
the kids liked it they picked it out so
it looks good right it's like okay you
got me more oh my gosh but I'm really
here
yeah you're doing good climbing
okay well it was a good day and now it's
time to answer some questions from you
guys and I know you guys are probably
all gonna ask on today's episode how old
are you I'm not going to tell you so you
can guess hopefully it's a good low
number because I hope I don't look old
but I'm not gonna say anyway the first
question comes from dog lover who asks
about the fish tank so they want to see
the fish tank so I'm going to quickly go
show you guys our fish tank here's the
fish tank it's kind of a cool one I'll
get it back you two it's nice square
we've got a bunch of these neons that
are really vibrant colored we've got a
betta right there and moving down we've
got some mollies of different variations
and then we have some bottom feeders
right there we have the white one down
there and then we have Apple costumers
in there somewhere but he's usually
hidden Mallory asks what the big rules
are in the house that's a good question
I think my biggest rules are no shoes in
the house and the food stays only in the
kitchen we try not to have any eating in
bedrooms and things like that we also do
all the kids to play iPads or anything
like that
outside of the main family area or in
the car and along those lines we also
don't let the kids play any electronic
things more than on the weekends usually
or on road trips and after all their
homework and practicing is done yeah so
everybody's tricked about if they can
use electronic devices finally a couple
of you guys were asking about Alyssa's
Netgear from last week's video and she
doesn't have to wear it during the day
she just wears it during quiet time and
night time so she'll never wear it as a
sleepover or at school or anything like
that well I hope you guys enjoyed this
day as much as I did I had a really good
day the kids going shopping with me made
my birthday pretty awesome and don't
forget to leave us a thumbs up and leave
your questions for next week's episode
have a great week bye
