we're here at this awesome mini-golf
course because power feels invited us to
do the wild thing challenge guys ready
for some fun first thing up we're gonna
do a game called wild thing says you
only move if I say wild thing says right
here we go okay one thing says yellow
well things is red well thing says green
guys ready for the next one and next up
the cookie challenge here's how we play
the next round you guys are going to be
wearing this helmet on your head you're
gonna drive this car through the
obstacle course carrying a cookie on top
of your helmet if the cookie Falls your
teammate has to quickly pick up the
cookie and put it back on your helmet
and then you can continue through okay
and with fun mark go
you guys want to go have some more fun
yeah finally we have the Wild Thing
relay challenge where the boys will take
on the girls hey
everybody
the wild thing today well we'd like to
think Carl's for letting us take a wild
thing challenge thanks for watching
