hi today we're going to be showing you
the boys back to school clothing hey I
love orange the boy is gonna get to help
shop Alyssa likes to shop a lot but the
boys they kind of stayed home while
mommy did all the rest oh yeah so this
goes all together you guys
oh look Chris it's the shirt and this
goes under it oh and then this is the
short cool shirt I tried like a
gentleman and that's good
what do you guys all right look at this
this year come at this it also matches
this type Rossi what some of these came
from by the way this is like my favorite
soccer up is Nicole so this is from
Gymboree this is from Crazy eight this
green ones from Sammy Jess calm we tried
to go to a lot of different stores I
feel like boys fashion is kind of harder
than girls because there's no like
grills and decorations and all the cute
stuff so it's trickier I don't know at
least I think it is tricky to find good
boy close it up public vaults nice right
this is cold we shop a lot of the
clearance rack this is on clearance all
the David softer outfits this was on the
clearance rack this is nice right this
is from fab kids calm if you like that
hmm
this one is from Costco little bit
that's a nice hoodie my thumb it's like
a long-sleeve shirt thing I need it
right George like that one this is a
nice cool little shirt this'll look nice
is cool Oh came from Kohl's Buescher is
yours
and there's your colder shirt
do you love soccer club sure put it up
over your throttle we like those yeah
you look really hard huh yeah they fit
if I love soccer huh yeah I love soccer
this is cool right
I thought you would love this because
you love lying and you know what this is
going to match is your orange shorts I
think it'll look good with that same
yeah let's go fit yeah it looks really
good on you this one I love Helen this
is remembering also let's kind of nice
together don't you think yeah look at
your neck shirt you guys yeah more from
Kohl's
this one's from Kohl's - really I like
this this one came from Ross I know it's
nice huh I like the colors on this
like that yeah it's really soft too oh
it's another copper outfit yeah when it
gets rolled oh shut up pants for this
one in case it gets cold
oh it's red shorts are like missions
nice huh I'm still able to win otaku
Norris good huh you're gonna look so
nice at school on a polo shirt that
looks good put the hood there you go
there's your pants on spill yeah gonna
try this one yeah really cool I like the
colors on it there you go
yeah Davey that's an awesome shirt big
video yeah this is their last year know
where the little boy session oh they're
gonna have to go to the expensive
clothes I'm not looking forward to that
okay once you the next thing you have
yeah okay this one's also from fab kids
you guys got the same one as David
and this is from H&M do you like that
Lord kind of Hawaii looking I like that
and look the same pants can go with this
shirt you know this says awesome oh I
look David you have a safe life because
of the same thing I'm glad you guys like
all this like did you see it is it
longer Carlos Lee that David look the
same pants will match this shirt and
this shirt this one please
do you like bitter cause cool Oh Chris
thinks this shirt looks a little bit
girly no do you wear that Oh Christopher
it's cool a single shirt I'll change
Chris's oil I thought this was a cute
shirt it is cute sometimes they think I
pick out girly things that's okay do you
like the dance yeah they seem nice and
comfy
that's look at this world well that up
to enjoy really and look at this one's
going to match it's going to match that
that says awesome
what do you have it for ball fairy pants
oh this looks good together
this one's from krazy-8 we got this for
David cuz he loves sharks
yeah oh this is from krazy-8 - look at
this nice outfit it's a tank top and it
matches the green he's so good to get
here by now they look organized oh this
is gonna match it - I do those shorts oh
okay yeah these are short look at this
shirt I don't think this matches
actually this is a little bit different
color green but this is a cool shirt Wow
look at you is that
okay so you're ready for football
practice that's what I was thinking was
here once
yeah okay yeah this one this one I love
this one this one I love this one
come on they're close okay ready these
are my wrongs we got all of ourselves
across this is so cool
your tail oh it's a skateboarding McCool
yeah Michael and look it's gonna go with
these shorts short do you like those
they love soccer clothes and then I
think I'm thinking right I guess it goes
with this I'm trying to remember which
outfit I got this for but I think that's
right this is nice guy shirt and then
you nice a white shirt with your pocket
Ted oh I like it that looks good and it
will go with these shorts what do you
think awesome huh this is on the
clearance at Gymboree they got a good
deal on these and then David look at
yours is your neck well yes hi short
song this is from children's plays you
picked this out
that's it cover you were shopping
let me see Chris Rock Crazy eight look
at that one
it says rock on
this one this is three together so look
at this it's going to be this one it's
this one this one ovary flavor cake it
could be and these shorts and then guess
what else
this shirt also matches the same course
look at that so stuff like that little
we help you wrestle I liked a minute
here's a short and then look here the
other shirt who goes with the same
what do you have David oh this one this
one came from Walmart and it goes boy
damn it they're really nice it is nice
whole Navy
be like oh you're gonna love your next
one look at this one isn't this cool
it's a soccer shirt and it's kind of
Hawaiian but it's at the boy section so
I love this on and then same thing like
this
look at this these are also from Old
Navy and they're softer tones these are
so cool huh
kind of Hawaiian looking also lovely
stance and then look what you guys have
you guys have the same ones as David had
except for a little bit different shirt
you guys have a baseball on your shirt
oh yes you could have found Fincher oh
my God look nice that looks good on you
really really for soccer yeah so the not
the turkeys will maybe and then this
one's back to Crazy eight you guys got
similar but different
Wow do you guys wanna try anything else
on let's at least pick your first day of
school up but David what are you one of
our first day of school here's your
first day of school out there right get
a David that's yours
two guys wanna show them the shoes you
guys got right 30 grab your shoes
look at oh haha sticky so they got two
kinds of shoes they got the black ones
and the gray ones on their bull from fat
kid stop now for the exciting part
what's the exciting part what do you
give away we are what are we going to
give away yep we're going to give away
one of the outfits to three different
people that the boys chose for their
first day of school so it's going to be
these outfits right here now how you can
enter is leaving us a comment here on
YouTube you can tell us your favorite
outfit or your favorite reason clothes
that the boys got from everything we got
tell us that in the comment that could
count as your entry you can also get an
extra entry by tweeting to us that you
want to be involved in the giveaway you
can also post on Facebook on one of our
pictures and comment that you want to do
the giveaway you can also comment on
Instagram so you can get yourself
entering the giveaway for different
times we're going to be picking the
giveaway winners in exactly one week so
we will private message you if you want
and then we'll give you guys two days to
respond if you don't respond then we'll
pick a new winner until we have three
people that have given us their address
that we can ship them the clothes all
right
let's thank them for watching thanks for
watching have a great school year
you
Oh
