hi guys welcome to mommy Monday hope
everybody's having a great week
today is opening day of soccer so we are
here super early with our kids to get
their pictures taken I mentioned in last
Mali Monday episode that Matt and I are
both coaching so we're here at the crack
it on and then we're gonna hopefully do
something fun today we haven't really
planned anything yet for today somebody
did not want to wake up yet look at
those people the beach
it's so good up in there like very yummy
Michael is still sleeping over here
Chris what did you catch this is the
biggest budget ever oh gosh it's one of
those huge green bugs Zach did you spill
a little accident that's okay while we
finish our pictures it's much later it
took a long time to do all these teams
but we had a good time
got some shave eyes met some sand now
we're gonna head home and we're gonna
work on filming a skit for our channel
hello is the come here I forgot we have
to show everybody something so a couple
weeks ago you guys voted in the poll
about what color Alyssa's braces color
should be and overwhelmingly the winning
choice was rainbow so Alyssa got her
braces changed and she did get rainbow
so we're gonna show you guys oh oh we
may have a little problem already what
one of your well she had hurry but it
looks like one of your little rubber
bands came off let me see oh no I can
get it out it's on your bottom there it
is crystal mrs. Frigidaire man
well that's lovely there it is - the
green on the bottom but she did get the
rainbow you guys requested just gonna
sleep all day
kill all baby boy nurses feet
I love his feet there's a little sit
good sit
oh she's eating like she's never seen
her before in her life I don't know it's
all gone
what are you gonna do
you got that for your birthday
is it your birthday still that's what I
thought I just got the costumes out of
the garage for the boys so every single
day it's been all costumes as soon as I
came home from soccer they were back in
these costumes again not too rough not
too rough yeah you can't get him to say
no hey Michael wants it to be his
birthday all the time huh Michael yeah
it was a few months thank gonna hey can
we say hi do you love sohna yeah we're
gonna oh wait
Michael's got her Oh careful
I got this
did you and I my boy good oh so good
young we have my sister over here making
me
homemade spaghetti sauce that's is the
oven off our this visit of all its
offering I'm just doing good because
you're very close is not hot and what's
in the oven gonna bread banana bread yes
let's look
oh yeah that looks good and I think she
said she's gonna make me brownies too
right I am right babe these are the
chocolate torte I've already chopped it
up YUM Michael's favorite well of Maui's
that's brownies we should make a hashtag
for that hashtag brownies here using the
force
yeah this man ever looks so good
Matt tell me about your shirt oh I got
this for $2 brand new let's let's
clarify onna show the tag a dollar
ninety-nine that's like the biggest deal
you could ever get I mean it's a
good-looking shirt see he's modeling it
for us but it's cute it's a future well
we're back we took a little break and we
decided to film a skit for you guys
after all it took most of the afternoon
but hopefully it's going to be really
good when you guys finally see it okay
it will be good yes hey well you guys
will love it the kids did a great job
and now we're actually going to meet my
best friend who drove like five or six
hours to come see me and we're going to
go out to dinner so there's the kids
sleeping again seems like a whole
Michael said all day our videos sleep
doesn't it
we're here and you guys probably know my
friends because it's Ellie is Maggie and
Jessica bigger a bigger spoiled
he has oranges and mac and cheese and
rice
looks good all the kids are here
watching the Olympics Michael did you by
the way huh
finally just in time eatable mac and
cheese well Michael was awake long
enough to eat his food and he went back
to stinky he's like totally not gonna
sleep tonight I made it say right now
but as soon as I go home when I try to
answer my questions at the end of the
episode he's going to be like bouncing
off ball so we'll see my predictions
correct
Wow three guys one two three happy
birthday
I'm just glad you're awake again really
good oh yeah I think I should get a
culture looking back does that look
oh you want to ask Santa for powers wow
that's a really good thing to ask for I
don't know we can try sometimes I think
he likes to give you real presents so
you can actually hold I know we got hot
fudge on his ice cream super good huh
they were having an issue over here
Michael is still waking up and he just
is having trouble expressing himself he
wanted an easy mix not a big pitch yes a
teeny bit of ice cream not a lot that's
not what I would say though
it's like he's catching up for like a
week for the sleep today kids it's like
a party bus on guys it's a big egg who's
that I will bring Kyle thank us it was
Michael I see that I was a little
nervous I thought I was really kylo Ren
well I think I'm gonna close out today's
vlog we had a really really busy day
today so I didn't vlog as much as I
usually do but the good news is we were
so busy because we were doing stuff for
you guys so lots of cool videos are
coming out in the next week
not to mention Alyssa's birthday when
all the birthday videos they're gonna
follow that so that'll be good hopefully
you guys enjoy seeing all of that I love
birthdays so it'll be Ben I'm also
speaking of a listen
she is at 75,000 subscribers so if you
have not subscribed to always Alyssa her
YouTube channel be sure to do it she's
got a couple videos on there now and
they're super cute and she's super
excited to be to a hundred thousand
subscribers so help her out show her
some love and go subscribe to Alyssa's
channel Michael's like totally ready to
be done there he goes he's yelling
thanks for watching but I'm gonna answer
a couple questions and you guys
submitted last week a lot of you guys
asked how Zack and Chris are doing with
being separated in the two different
classes and after their first full week
of school they're doing a little better
but they're not totally happy to be
honest um Chris was crying every single
morning because he was scared and he
didn't want to go to school without Zach
so I'm hoping that this next week of
school they'll feel a little bit more
comfortable being separated and they
have been able to find each other at
recess though so that's been a good
thing but I think they're just a little
bit nervous still finding out where the
class lines up in the morning and then
knowing for sure that mommy and daddy
are going to find both of them after
school they're just really nervous about
not being together
I hate sandy Amy asks who I want to win
big brother I'm laughing because I
really like that show um okay so I think
I actually really like James and Natalie
and I think I like Cory a lot still and
Nicole I'm excited to see who wins you
guys tell me who you guys want to win
because I'm interested to hear do you
guys think - Emmanuel asks if I had any
pets as a child and I actually did have
a lot of pets I love pets in fact I
worked at a pet store for three years
when I was a kid I really really loved
animals my dad got a ring that parakeet
and that's like a really big parakeet
that looks more like a parrot it's green
it's got a black and a red ring around
his neck and then I had about five
parakeets of my own and then we had
hermit crabs we had fish we had like a
hundred gallon fish tank that my dad
took care of and then we had like random
goldfish and things so we had a pond
outside had tadpoles and we also had box
turtles so when we would go on vacations
as a kid we would drive in like the
middle of nowhere because we always
drove everywhere when I was little and
we would find turtles my dad was really
good at noticing turtles as we're
driving alongside the road and so to
this day I look for turtles on every
vacation that I go on so we had the
turtles we had dogs we had random birds
my dad brought home a snake from work he
brought home like a lizard at one time
so we had a lot of random pets when I
was a kid it was pretty fun in the pet
category for us Matt had some pets to
use so I invited him over because he
should answer this question - real
exciting a golden retriever big surprise
right but I also had an iguana she was 4
feet long she used to smell my shoulder
all the time and I had a turtle his name
was Seymour and I had him for like 15
years the same way that's funny
yeah so those are the pets I had no fish
no no birds no no cats no okay I almost
forgot to mention that we have some
backpacks in real life to show you guys
so if you've not gotten your backpack
for school we have these cool backpacks
in our shop and you can see the shop
link in our
like top of our youtube-channel that's
up there there's little pencil cases
they're super cute there's lunch kits
also super cute and I also want to
congratulate everybody who won our
giveaways if you're not following us on
Facebook and Instagram be sure to do it
because we gave away a lot of stuff this
month have a great week you guys
hopefully everyone just has an awesome
week make sure you're smiling and having
a happy day and please leave us a thumbs
up on the episode leave your questions
for next week's episode see you later
bye
