it's time to try trade from around the
world I wonder what it is I wonder if
everything is sweetness oh it's coming
what should we try first guys first
we're gonna try this one this looks like
some kind of cookies
I noticed it there's now there's
chocolate filling inside the cookie
looks like it's really good is he here
me it's like a Oreo and you think I like
it
this looks really yummy it kind of fun a
fun flavor to it now we're gonna try
this one her face to me it's like
chocolate do you guys like it hmm
Michael likes it he wants more now we're
going to try this one look at that looks
kind of like a fruit roll-up yeah it's
really good so good did you like it
Michael
it doesn't taste like London gets really
crummy oh good you liked it Michael how
about you not Afghan Zac Zac so into the
tracks but you guys liked it well sorry
tastes bad
I feel like you like it
ah somebody get thrown up out of the
licorice flavor a little about you it's
got fruit and licorice flavor mixed
together I thought I was actually kind
of good you guys you guys what didn't
like it yeah it kind of feels like black
licorice to me I just sucked on it I
think I like better yeah okay here's the
next one we're gonna try there's what it
looks like it looks really good at milk
chocolatey young you like it it's got a
buttery flavor do you guys say that kind
of crunchy inside your favorite food is
butter Wow next we're going to try these
Anna's ginger Swedish things are so good
I think they're good too that's what I
was gonna say they couple a day like
Christmas huh we're good Michael do you
like him too
never gonna try these ones these look
good oh so good
oh my gosh here you didn't like it
Michael try it again it's a gummy candy
I hate you do look what you made with
your gingerbread though a little hard go
hot give it a little hard they look like
little cars you're right finally taste
oh yeah which is kinda like gummy bears
put it in our mouth it doesn't take like
gum bubble gum and when we start chewing
it a little it tastes like
timi these kind of actually looked like
submarines but I guess you could call
them a car now we're gonna eat the cat's
here's what this one looks like look
good they kind of taste like kick-ass Oh
James
no there my name is powdered milk
powdered milk powdered milk you get that
I like them I love it now we're gonna
try this and I'm gonna guess this one's
gonna be really good it just looks
delicious it looks like all of our
chocolate came a little bit melted but
it still looks good this came in two
pieces inside the back insurance
oh girl you look good here you can have
some it reminds me of like um Nutella
yeah
it can also like the inside of a truffle
because it's like super soft and creamy
on the inside it's really creamy
chocolate it ain't like Nutella I think
everybody agrees it tastes like Nutella
it's better than the chocolatier now
we're going to try this interesting one
that I definitely probably would never
buy for my kids so here's what this one
looks like out of the package and it's
gonna coming in squishy ones right yeah
you like huh don't you taste like metal
crystal again
you smell like Apple right now you don't
want to I'm not sure about
the kids are nervous to try this one
shows the blame right could you try the
listen I send everything gel well
apparently the kids didn't like this one
did anyone like it I'm thinking that our
kids are not a fan of black licorice
here's the last one we're gonna try this
one looks like it's some kind of a hard
candy well you guys are young type of
fruit all orange hmm what's Connor gummy
right but also putting a heart like you
can't fully chew it it's like one of the
pieces like gummy rings or gummy savers
Chloe it's really good for just routine
you get ready yeah I'll come they're
gonna be hard candies but they aren't
hard they're more like like a card on ya
gummy hard you guys show me your
favorite one of everything you tried
those are all really good choices I
liked all of those yeah we love the shop
this oh you guys changed well those are
all they're all really good choices on
yeah Sweden has yummy foods I knew
everything would be sweet from Sweden
here's the clue to next month's box if
you guys think you know what country
it's from be sure to leave us a comment
and let us know
