hey guys we're live we're saying hello
everything hi Alysa say hi
it's weird on selfie mode I gotta flip
this camera so it's easier for me yes
we're at Target we're checking out more
pineapple the yummy okay this is kinda
really good smell this one I like the
rainbow pretty oh look at that mannequin
I can't believe it
Wow I can't believe they put a mannequin
in the middle of a store like that
he's like standing there daddy
Michael who do you match see they're
Anakin Oh hold on mannequins can't talk
mannequin who do you match do you want
to tell her Owens cute that until he
matches there he is he's totally asleep
yep they even mention their shoes baki
tight black family yeah they're making
me look so cute pills one right there I
guess what I like right there oh boy the
toys gonna show everybody the cute
little on the hot section no the dark
chocolate got me those delivered those
are like my favorite
these are so good they're addicting yeah
they're oh oh yeah I can't even live son
these ones have like this white powdered
sugar coating they're so good here we go
okay we'll go to the place oh I was
gonna show you guys this little Aloha
section it's cute inside target thing
about that there's like a million
macadamia nuts
Oh his favorite Nutella and then there's
just other cute little things fun little
things to buy this plants and jewelry
and you wanna buy these cute Sarah Mateo
hi thanks for saying hi like aren't
these cute there's all these cute little
things
okay oh thank you guys back to the kids
but I had to show you something that's
cute
hello pasta any Aloha section and lo and
behold there's the toys oh okay Oh
somebody wants you to say hello we were
looking up oh there's more Aloha stuff
we were looking at the times in the
different countries because we realized
that it's like 2:00 in the morning or
something like that over in New York and
um you guys are probably not even awake
but you can see us tomorrow when you
wake up and thank you Thank You Trevor
that was nice I had to get all stressed
out I could read it anyway but we looked
up like New Zealand and where else
Australia we looked at Perth and like
the other side of Australia so we could
another time zones and it's like 2
o'clock in one of them and it was five
o'clock in the other one tomorrow so we
figured some people would be here to
watch us live even though a lot of
people in the United States aren't
really awake right now
so anyway here's the kids looking at
toys
I know you'll love that don't somebody
else says they live in Hawaii nice oh
yeah
let me find her comment oh it's going by
so fast
it's just Dania tell us what island okay
favorite toys oh I thank you for saying
Owens kill here let's look at him again
he's almost like grumpy sleeping kick
it's so loud right now I disturbed him
he's such a little baby he's so cute I
can't get over him oh he's gonna wake up
oh nice
we did a funny challenge with that I
became the target to go live because we
actually did get stuck here we have one
but it's captain hi Braden that was nice
Braden David what um sorry David breathe
and wants to say hi to you come say hi
do you want a hula hoop for Braden well
you can do it anyway
oh yeah I know oh and keeps like oh you
might have to pretend City oh nice
that was super fun our videos gonna
crash it back that's the coolest hula
hoop it's so pretty okay nice that is
the coolest hula hoop Zach has it's like
rainbow ish oh yoga that is so nice of
you I feel like I look like a slob right
now cuz it's late and let me just tell
you we were hiking today and it was like
super sweaty my face was literally
dripping with sweat it was crazy so I
took home or I cannot talk today so I
went home and I took a shower
I didn't wash my hair though because I
was trying to go fast and Alyssa head
soccer no but I want to clean off my
body cuz I had mud everywhere morning no
but my legs are just really muddy anyway
so I was in such a rush to I feel like
my hair is like crazy cuz it's you know
when you partially get it all wet from
like rain and mist and sweat and anyway
that's gross but anyway yeah so that was
a nice comment because I don't feel like
I look back oh oh great and that's nice
I don't really understand what the super
chat is so tell me what it is
David Braden was gonna see you and say
hi to you so come on hello hello I don't
know if I got to see David on his
hoo-hoo but can we do the hello oh it's
perfect for you oh your favorite color
all men do it so what we came here
oh the short game Michael just filmed
that video for this channel in the Fox
game speaking of Michael's channel who
here has been to the kids channel lately
Michael what a Michael just okay does
this for Braden there we go oh that's
cool
thanks I'll see I didn't know what it
was so okay so Michael's channel he just
did mr. bucket and he is gonna upload
again this weekend and then Alyssa what
did you just upload Oh her camera video
and her four hundred thousand subscriber
party and then David what did you just
upload David did kinetics and yeah it
was actually really fun and Zach and
Chris uploaded second Chris did a
waterfall video that was really cool so
tell us if you guys have seen those
videos because the kids have cool video
she put all these on but they're really
good videos there on time you can watch
the sake
that one's not actually even public yet
so whoever is watching this video they
are like getting to know early miscue
cuz almost smiling in his sleep and
we're gonna oh did you yeah okay let me
see and it was a night cute he is
smiling maybe he'll do it again oh she
says I'm sorry going look at that okay
let's go get all we need actually need
to get oh we actually came not to play
but to get think I mean
oh we saw you telling the other one oh
there it is okay Michael just played
that game with mommy and Zach and Chris
was it fun you guys okay
somebody help me find the hand sanitizer
we sanitize all the time cuz I don't
wanna get sick if you guys could go
anywhere in the world where would you go
that comes from Mac you're gonna wear oh
my gosh that's a great answer
granny's house nice you just stay right
where you are that has a great answer it
is so beautiful here
we're gonna keep Owen in the camera just
in case he smiles in his sleep so we can
capture it's gonna be so I'm fishing
then right there what is your favorite
food who wants to answer that pineapples
and chicken I'm sweet a sweet potato
fries okay and Christmas tomatoes nice
tomato fries what did I just say I don't
even know what I just did okay
they don't fry okay oh that was nice
someone said our kids are so
well-behaved even though they were kind
of playing a little bit wild with the
hips oh we're on the wrong side thank
you for that nice comic Debbie so we
have to go the other way
this is a two-level target how cool is
that okay let's cut through the clothes
we might need to look for an elevator
look let's see here Maggie's an
introducing times like you when you sit
around not being perfect so not sure we
are angel oh they're angels that's right
that's right they're angels that's right
so you don't do anything wrong ever by
the way guys we have some crazy and cool
videos coming up we've done some really
cool stuff lately and not to mention our
house completely flooded I'm not even
joking or exaggerating
it was insane yes and we got lost
and we we celebrated daddy's birthday
daddy's yawning he's all wrong
I mean what else happened some other
good stuff have another power outages I
mean it's been very interesting Michael
has to jump out so we can put our cart
right in there
someone said they liked your outfits
oh um our fan lives at home oh okay
I know our house has had nothing but
problems I swear it's been like one
little thing after another if it's not
like you put the shopping cart like that
oh that's great in Oh
so we're right here and daddy's taking
Owen to the elevator bye bye
so we had ants in our house like big
time like in the pin tree and not only
in the pantry but we had them in the
bathrooms and they were like going for
the shampoo
they go for our shoes they go for our
sinks they go for sand pieces of sand
from the beach on the floor I mean the
ants go for literally everything so we
kind of have that under control okay
what was the other thing answered what
was our other thing we had Batman and
then we had power outages so we have
lizards in the house all the time
and jump in there we go that's a little
poem um they said oh this is so pretty
Alyssa maybe Alyssa had soccer practice
today and then she played soccer for an
hour with the church kids okay we're
gonna look along here because we're
gonna get a big hand sanitizer so you
look for that our kids are getting rough
so where others is that it right there
we're looking for stuff for our feet
it's like barefoot that one's open Oh
someone listed it we'll get the one that
is Oban Dave okay everything okay
does anybody else's kids love band-aids
my kids are obsessed and we're just
gonna fill my whole cart with fancies oh
yeah look at that you can really never
have enough band-aids right it's candy
here expensive that's a good question
some stuff here does cost more but not
everything like don't trust more oh
that's cute and some things do cost more
but not everything
so how do you find that whatever looks
like the one from Costco that's always a
guy she can't find it does anyone see
daddy okay you know what we should do we
should go look for daddy cuz most likely
he's gonna be lost okay
we moved for fun we just thought it'd be
cool hey Lissa there's a skirt you have
right there look at that cute Hawaiian
print skirt she has that one we need
here in Santos but I was thinking you
better look for daddy and he's gonna be
lost
shoes shoes does anybody see daddy I
know daddy
oh you think he'll be an elevator for a
few minutes okay so we're looking for a
big hand sanitizer and I've almost
forgotten what else is on my list they
couldn't help us I don't have anybody
knows hmm what do you think so he
worship star wars
yeah I'm pirates okay let's go watch me
the elevator guys so if anybody had any
questions about that
Michael likes Star Wars and Pirates of
the Caribbean oh do you just like it a
little bit or what how much do you like
it yeah talking to you how much do you
like Star Wars
hey infinity swole like it's fun close
to here because where's your guys's big
hand sanitizer things a big one Oh
okay we're gonna follow the man in the
red shirt okay we're gonna find the hand
sanitizer okay we were looking for daddy
he's lost it's been awhile since we've
seen him who's my favorite kid that's a
question I could never answer it's
tricky because all my kids are starting
cute I love him mom
I have no favorite cake we're following
the guy in the red shirt he's showing us
we were almost there we would have
walked ever around the whole store we
were literally right here there it is
thank you thank you okay where's the
biggest one for the best we go through
this stuff like water okay let's make
sure we got the best one Oh
someone says who has a pet rat Alyssa
that they like your outfit she's like a
pet rat yes Ellen wanna target yours
speaking of Ala Moana let's just talk
about that um Ala Moana is so big just
wait to see us get lost there okay we've
been like a lot of times Oh
Braden you're so nice we have gotten
lost at Ala Moana it's like no joke
crazy okay Braden said he loves all of
your channels really you guys I bet you
subscribe to all of them and your guys
are using it already
oh she's done Danny he can hear us
he just went to the noise we knew you
were lost because you're looking for you
uh Melissa sponsors they really like
your jacket thank you
isn't that cute it's her soccer jacket
so cute
no but you have a black jacket what
Michael had a tattoo on his face
and it like left some residue on his
face poor thing I know what time is it
here it's like 8:30 or 9:00 or something
like that
I guess we should go we've been doing a
live video for a really long time are
you guys bored with us yet I'm should we
you're bored let us know Michael do you
love Komodo dragons yes yes where do you
find Komodo dragons where
that's right he wanted to do two times
and he saw them oh you wanna get some
from below me to share with you Oh to
share with Michael and zag you guys are
so thoughtful okay if you guys have any
other questions Oh yummy
why don't we need to buy some more
vegetables we bought some vegetables and
they all spoiled us here's a question
does Kristin's act like being twins wait
David's hiding cuz he doesn't want us to
find vegetables you know who wants to be
a twin this little boy right here he
loves being held he loves having someone
by him he cries every time he goes to
his play yard and then you just have to
sit by him for like you know a second
like Heather was babysitting the other
day my god she just put her knees high
statistically right I opened the gate I
put a chair up to it that was it he was
fine after that you touched my leg every
now then if he played yes
you just need you're going to be near
him and he's good yes does Michael want
to be a twin would you like to be a twin
oh dear surprise baby we love peas how
we visited the organ cool yeah it's
really pretty it feels nice himself we
really like the organ gustaría we've
been to the yeah oh my gosh let's talk
about the tower and organ it is
terrifying it's only like 100 they like
it scary though it's scary it goes up so
high this little boy is just saying it's
like you do love peas yes oh yeah
there's a telemetry back great video
it's a really old video okay let's find
them milk you guys can see some of the
prices of stuff here so you can see that
the milk is a little more expensive
yeah why is somebody tell us your
question to sisters I didn't see it
okay let's look at the 2% so the milk is
$5 a gallon so it's a little expensive
what's everybody's favorite color pink
what's your color Michael Sydney I'd
like to be hot not cold um no I don't
need any junior color Chris okay my kids
are obsessed with Lunchables but they've
got a lion good bread at this target
though lots of produce what is Michael's
favorite toy I bet I could answer this
probably was it with him I I would say
Michael buzzes like favor a lot oh
that's cute wow that's a good one oh
yeah there's a light favor I knew we had
it
let's put the Lunchables background and
then we'll decide yeah no Braden's you
should save your money we don't want you
to spend all your money
the next birthday coming up is what's it
like to have six kids it's super fun
there's always something going on
fighting that's true you said your
perfect color so what's the truth well
sometimes they argue over stuff but they
are acting perfect right now see look at
their hands okay back to shopping I
don't really understand why this is fair
like it's not even as good for you as
this one but it's like cheaper I don't
really know why yeah it's like a kids
one and it's like slightly cheaper I
don't really get it oh this is whole
milk but like I like this one because it
doesn't have as much sugar I don't get
it
oh-ho it's greeting you oh look there's
Alyssa still being perfect um my
favorite color is like usually what I
like pink and I like love rainbows
actually I was gonna say like but it's
definitely a love when I come to
rainbows Wow look at that perfect girl
it's hitting right there um what else do
we need guys I had some stuff on my list
and I forgot it was just shopping and
just like get like whatever well we got
our units analyzer that was important
favorite pizza does anyone have a
favorite pizza cheese pepperoni spinach
yeah man can you tell us your favorite
please yes Pizza yes I like plain
cheddar cheese pizza with no sauce cause
it's all over everything if I could have
good pizza I would be pepperoni
have everything good yes yes okay
Oh give that back to Michael that one's
his um let's see we have some more
questions coming up
it says Oh pineapple flavored come hey
that's cool we gotta get some kind of a
liver gum what do you like that
sounds good favorite kind of cake
anybody yes wait till you guys see
Matt's birthday video Oh favorite
restaurant that's a good question they
like where Robin cuz you get lots of
fries you know what guys Oh Monsta moto
we're gonna go there we haven't been we
keep me in the go we've been a hell of a
lot of times that we just never stop um
okay um what are we talking about oh
yeah so something guys might not know it
Islands is that you can get lots of
fries there so maybe it's like a secret
I don't know but if you just ask for
more fries it's kind of like Red Robin
they'll bring you some out but they
don't just bring you a couple up they
bring like this giant plate like I can't
show it's like this much it's like this
huge plate of fries that you can't even
actually eat them all but anyway pretty
cool a little known secret so let's not
spam our thing please and if you don't
how do I say this
don't click on my profile name if it's
not actually me you guys should know
better than that of course and while
we're talking about that we should never
accept friend requests from someone we
don't personally know right guys thumbs
up if you all know not to request or
accept I should say friend requests from
strangers right all my kids know that
right thumbs up yep everybody leave a
thumbs up too if somebody says they want
to talk to you or have a private message
with you and you don't know them you
should not talk to them okay so let's
always be safe about that because
there's
there's lots of weirdos and you want to
make sure you guys are safe out there
okay anyway we're gonna go and thank you
for all the bums up guys you guys are
awesome
okay well we're gonna go cuz I need to
like click away and look at my list cuz
I do have a list that I'm not looking at
let me push out or a second I'm going to
check out my kid little baby
there he is totally still sleeping there
he is
okay well let's say goodbye we were
gonna go live again okay guys let's go
alive again tomorrow we'll try to go a
little earlier but we'll go live again
tomorrow
look at David he's like so that he can't
really stand it okay bye guys
so we'll be live tomorrow and then we'll
have a really awesome video for you guys
in two days
oh good always perfect Michael say
goodbye bye bye bye see you guys later
bye
