here's a new house chase on the piano
room first
yeah there's kind of this is our music
room over here we have music ups so far
get some art let your family go get it
up a junior he does and this is my glass
case full of all mommy's special things
that's my favorite which one that one I
like the color one - thank you - my
favorite lots of Disney things almost
every one of my snow globes in this case
was from a piano student okay photo
shots over there is our 1 million
subscribers play button yep and we've
got our silver play button right there
and then we got that the day we hit 2
million subscribers and 4 billion games
yeah I like this right here this little
R 2 is pretty cute and then at across
the way here we have our wall of
pictures so most of the pictures are
kind of outdated because we haven't
really have to trim the walls for the
last couple years but they're up on the
wall we have some favorites Michaels
favorite is this one of himself with the
lightsaber in the that one and then one
of my favorites is this one right here
because this is a picture of that I was
looking at it one day and I said you
know what there's a little person
missing in our family and a little white
spot on the right stuff we decided to
have Michael aren't you guys happy yeah
yes we all love Michael ok wanna go on
the mountain room there's nothing in
this room with a couple toys yeah this
is a fun little player and it kinda
leads towards the kitchen or powder room
right yeah so my favorite artwork on the
walls yeah this is the sink there we go
what's on the mirror hey hi yeah where's
your room here we have our linen area I
put some pictures on there I did to
Daddy got those at work one day from his
students for teacher appreciation so
they've always saved them there's more
kids I think
all right Michael's Ramudu tevinter
already so anyway here says this is
Michael's room
all done he's got door handles a nice
cuz balls are all painted so we're just
waiting on the horse here Wow no in my
khalil was it let's go next we have
Alyssa's room syphilis is room
it is a good room cuz she has a
chandelier yes you all love that oh
here's a list of the room likes affair
now taken out and her little is that
lava lamp yep
and then we have David's room my David
says his is really the rest so here's
Davis got similar closet to my stuff yep
you got him that party turn eight well
maybe David his Megan I know he's really
good at Legos can I show him your
bathrooms this is my junk here it don't
look too closely there okay um here's a
list of his bathroom this is a gorgeous
powder nice and pink holder pink stuff
better Hawaiian South of course died in
her bathrobe in her shower
show your bath card let's look at that
that's too cute
then she has remorse this is the
necklace and bracelet drawer his head
his head band drummer and then on the
bottom she has towels and then under
here she's got some more stuff up her
store you know what do we have over here
I think this is where we have someone to
make up we got from justice
and not much and empty no that would
stop doing not yet
okay next we have the boys bathroom yeah
this is that okay here's the boy's
father full of bath towels because it
always swim ah this is a lot of stuff in
the boys oh thank you mom huh yeah yeah
I think so this bathroom has two sinks
in it
well we remodeled the house we had a two
sinks in here because it was for the
boys and there's more boys than girls
there's some of their drawers yes ma'am
this is a brush I got from didn't land
II can't open it up if it's a brush
brush your hair with it yes and I can
make you look in the mirror I know it's
nice huh cheers y'all mommy's room okay
okay here's mommy's room he's got a
special bag
thinkers so we have our fireplace let
some pictures we're going to get a new
picture for up there so we will have to
update you guys and show you the new
version because we're gonna put a pretty
nice for trouble
there's our hand prints by Alyssa and
Connor gotta love to be right there or
right there in her bed doesn't hurt to
get response keeping our little chair
and one thing you have to say is this is
my first bedroom set so we have a
dresser a little bench to sit on in the
bed and the nightstand this is our first
one we've ever had since we got married
he's been sleeping just on the frame so
you know Gary be there
so then we go this way and this is our
bathroom this is a clock that I got in
Florida all around vacation and I knew I
was going to love the colors even though
we hadn't really finished making our
house up yet and is it working because
we did go with teal here's our bathroom
and the vanity area is now gone and
we've decided that we're going to
upgrade here and here
this is going to look quite different I
think when we're all done here is the
master bathroom everything is torn out
of this bathroom this is the sink area
that is about sub area this is the
shower area up there and that is the
toilet area so this is the bath tub this
is the shower so we have black hardware
and like teals kinda like our accent
color in here and um something cool
about this is that our water it runs out
in a sheet instead of like in a circle
so it is a length and the other cool
thing about the water in our house is if
we get hot water within three seconds so
we never have to waste water when we're
waiting for our showers to get hot
that's nice
yep okay this is my vanity area this one
I like a lot because it's online when we
bought the house there was just the
common counter right here where Matt
standing and in this corner there is
nothing at all so we designed this
vanity area for me to have for makeup
and seven I really like it so it's gonna
like come on I made this chair to go
with it that's the deal in the bathroom
and then I've got all the storage and
it's pretty
here's the toilet over here nothing
fancy choose the toilet oh yeah in the
closet we don't want to miss a closet
this is our closet we have a populism
we've got Michael's train in this closet
at the moment but it's usually outside
to play with it anyway so there's the
shoe area there's like a ton of storage
in here there's my shirt don't worry
of course and no nothing that excited
you here either I guess really this is
our laundry sorted3 dark ones to whites
and then I reds oranges and yellows
bands so that's that and then I have
like a lot of backpacks and bags I'm
obsessed with bags so those are all bags
and then up here this is like all bags
and backpacks and stuff too okay
and then I've shovel marthy I probably
said this in a previous hospital but
this is like my favorite mirror that
I've ever had also in our bedroom we
have our ceiling fan I like it because
it's three blades so it looks a little
bit unique here's our other picture wall
in the mouse so when it's kind of hard
to see but you can kind of get hot looks
and
good Jacque increases bedroom oh they're
scaring us here is the entrance to
document Christopher's room will open
new windows so here's their beds and
their closet
we built the closet out there was no
father here to begin with so this is
their I'm careful this is my favorite
part of our house and this is the exact
place I was standing when I realized I
was going to buy the house because I
love this kitchen
well let's first say this kitchen look
nothing like this when we first bought
the house and if I can I will find some
video to show you guys of what it did
look before we bought it so you can see
here is the kitchen before any
renovations or changes
so we have our cooktop all this good
stuff there's like heating lamps up here
it's really cool and this is our fridge
our big old trash can and this is our
table our table on our old house are
just falling apart so we've got an
example in lived here and I love this
table because it's got what they call a
lot of edge if you do this it doesn't
look perfectly straight and that's the
live edge right here so it's really
really pretty and its unique because
everyone's a little bit different so we
like go on I think it's a really nice
color you are
and then here's our island around is
pretty big and we have the black island
with the white cabinets and I really
like it and the idea to do this yeah he
came up with this idea so I think it
looks good and then we picked this
Chevron tile for our backsplash that
I've also
light and here we are getting ready for
our housewarming party so I love some of
the food not all of it so some of the
things we change your abs in the house
are the kitchen sinks but we bought the
house there was a kitchen sink over
there and we didn't really like having
it there so we decided to put two sinks
here we've got the prep sink and we've
got the other sink oh yeah sure all the
water from space is really cool
I like this dream of this water too
because this is a little bit different
than most there's no what's it called
the air thingy in there no aerator
narrator yes so yeah we like that pop in
and we also added a pot filler here so
we can fill our pots so more cookies
what else bend it over here we have like
a lazy susan under here
but we don't have anything to put on it
but we have it so in case you ever do
want to put something it's there and
then here we just pretty much keep like
school supplies and stuff and this and
then this is our pantry it's not the
pantry it's pretty big what's your
favorite snack Oreos of course they are
I had to make all the kids leave because
the kids don't know about this but we've
got this nice raffle is
on the dalles pension region there we go
and there's one on each side secret it's
a secret don't tell my boys then we use
it to climb oh I came in it even though
you do notice this is my best-kept
secret right now okay something else I
love about our house is we have check
this out two dishwashers and we
definitely use them this is the oven and
something I like about the oven is it's
got this like like fade in on and off
for the light and I think that's pretty
cool sighs the long winter and then you
push it again and it fades out so anyway
I've never seen that before so I was
really excited when we got in the house
you can see why I like this house if you
step to the back of the corner here
because everything is attached and it's
all one big room and I just want to ever
want to be together where we can eat and
hang out as a family in the kids good
play so that's a lot what about this
house so anyway this is our desk area
and then this is our couch obviously
where we sit and watch TV which is rare
we don't get to watch TV going back but
sometimes we do and here is our
fireplace and on it we have our
in decorations and other places like
that much in Jamaica but it's our like
beach decor I guess you would properly
call it and this is our new fish tank
we've got a little bigger today we have
before us we can have more fish one
thing I forgot to say about the island
was that we also have storage underneath
this side of it so all of these things
open up under here and there's drawers
and so we can separate this bookshelf is
one of the few things that is actually
part of the house that we kept I love
device on because it's such a great
player toys all right and then over here
the logo here this is our like Family
Fun Pack stuff so this is stuff that
fans and other people have sent to us
that we love for things have been given
to us like only reach milestones and
like we got that at Legoland and anyway
so like that and then over here this is
like Michael's little nook but what used
to be here was a wet bar so this is like
a bar with like a bar table in the
fridge and the sink and everything so
check it out here's the progress on the
wet bar area looking a lot better and
just made it more of the playroom
because I want to have this is just a
kids area something else that's kind of
hard to imagine cuz you're just seeing
the house now he's how we remodeled this
room so I'm gonna point right over there
there was a big wall that went all the
way over there and in front of it was
huge entertainment system and again I
will try to find a picture to show you
guys what it looks like but we took out
the wall and the entertainment system
and we made it as it is so this room
would be a little bit bigger so anyway
that's that one now going this way is
Heather's room now um I don't think this
plan back she's gonna be undressing I
show you guys a room but anyway that's
Heather's room and then right here is
going to the garage and our laundry room
this is like where all the action of
having cute kids happens
keeping them clean so anyway we are
doing our laundry all the time and we've
got our extra freezer and this room has
got like a lot of storage stuff I mean
it's not like all these it's got a nice
sink and Kanye's out of here and we're
gone sometimes a letter B in a laundry
room which isn't anything from here at
our house
thank god yes and I think that's about
it I don't know anything I miss guys oh
you want to show something over there oh
my gosh is it really yeah yeah sure oh
yes that's the abacus and this is where
the kids shoot their bullets their nerf
guns on that little target there be
careful Michael loves Star Wars so he's
over here reading Star Wars books I got
thinking of you guys a closer look at
our books I've got those ones and those
buns here some games more games and what
these are all of our Lego like how to
build Lego yeah these are all Lego books
we're gonna put these in a binder but we
just haven't done it yet yeah the abacus
had 100 beats cuz 10 20 30 40 50 60 70
80 90 100
Chris Wragge
