hi guys
school is about to start again so that
means we need back-to-school supplies if
you want me show you what's in our
backpack we want to let you know that
the end of this video we're doing 10
giveaway that started back to school and
put some cards open we all picked the
book that we would like to read for the
first part of the school year summer
like boom oh it's plus time to go back
to school there's time to go back to
school all the kids are over there
enjoying their books I want to show you
guys that we have some cool Family Fun
Pack merchandise for back-to-school
there's pencil cases backpacks lunch
kits and we have some other designs too
that are going to be coming up we've got
some really cute Hawaiian designs so
make sure you guys check out the Family
Fun Pack shop if you guys want to get
some of them no bitch open their
backpacks okay I'm not seeing what's in
the backpacks yet des bois the most
exciting thing over right hey I got
there's a little sticky notes loose
you gonna let me see us all day
- wives was so cute
yeah but I got plans and Cristobal's
cool cranes on hands you know what guys
before we show anymore what's in the
backpack we should tell them what's
special about the backpack itself oh
yeah cool
that's right these backpacks have Kevlar
woven into the back of them and it makes
them extra safe Oh - why does gloves
I've never seen kids get so excited over
a desk wipes what do you have that oh
that's a visor it's a super binder
music I love those erasers good to know
what Chris OH
markers yeah close first cool
whiteboards look you're gonna write in
that that's a little journal you're
gonna write in you got paper in a
notebook look at this dis Jose oh look
how cute I think he no no that is it's a
hot pack is so cool supa David look it's
a clip fun yeah clip boards are pretty
cool you like this
that's pretty cool huh gentle box
Louise ears Chris no it's your typical
case it's a folder cool
do you like that nice scissors I know
who suggested the zipper binders this
year you guys hehe she said she loves
everybody's and she was a kid so she
decided we should get them things you
guys loves an advisor Hannah tiser
that's right
hey fern he's a lot of that Gaussian
- the flavors are you gonna use all
those yeah hello so show me your mind
running its network Levi's paper just
rap on the inside so I can be a shoulder
bag and that should be plumber
ooh big ol who's Gary got a Star Wars
book with kylo Ren yeah that's your
journal for in school anything awesome
oh oh it moves that's cool that's cool
oh yeah we're chillin get his Michaels
just got all the portions in there cute
but again Dean eggs Souls
okay I love yours let me see the outside
what I'm feeling you guys are gonna use
the color on one right but that's okay
nice nice perk you up
101 sit on the arch in here hello are
you gonna miss the kids say yes what
else you guys have over there Christine
servings lunch kit it's a pencil holder
all your supplies gel friends walls are
soft um I think that's the gel tablets
from your backpack I'll take those be
their trash no need and do not eat them
will you go over there
there's two different to this but you
could open it here I never go to here
and you could open it here and over here
that's cool I saw your sharpener
move your head man
Alyssa I had to get you that headband
because no school years completely got a
million headbands right
is it a cute fan thought you would love
that
oh I didn't realize that I got these
with the LEDs or multi-coloured Chris I
just got it because I thought these are
cool but that is even cooler now
- oh come on paper clips see what I knew
you would love these as soon as I saw
the soccer scissors I'm like I have to
get those ones for gaming cool scissors
those are little note words for you and
you have to study and learn things so
you can make them into flash cards yeah
yeah those are markers David had to wait
to get those scented markers he wanted
to last year too we got on this year
really I don't know but you had to go
yeah how'd you get lots of glue you
might have to chance at the other kids
right yeah okay blue it's not super glue
it's just regular blue those are erasers
Chris
you're the salt of lack those are real
answers I got so you got here I went to
a lot of stores though you guys I tried
to get you guys unique stuff I tried to
find cool and unique stuff for you guys
for school your game silly anything else
in there Michael got some too on my
school Michael look it's about going to
preschool should Michael go to preschool
yes
I think it'd have fun yeah in a little
while Michael like he's gone you let me
scare but it's really fun where we use
well one more thing you guys on the
bottom of your backpack check this out
there's a little pocket down here and
there's a rain cover for your backpack
so if you're a school and it starts to
rain and you don't have an umbrella you
could pull this out is not cool yeah and
maybe you gave him put it over your head
and protect your head in the ring we are
going to be doing 10 bundl of book
giveaways for back-to-school and how you
guys can enter to win the giveaway is
going to be follow us on Instagram
Twitter and Facebook and snapchat be
sure to leave a close
and what is now so you can get an entry
as many times as you guys can comment to
us you can get one for commenting on our
YouTube video you can get one entry for
commenting on Facebook you can get one
entry for committing to us and it's open
to us residents only so if you live in
the u.s. be sure to do all those things
you guys can win because we really want
to give you guys some of this cool stuff
you guys might have noticed that we
bought a lot of extra supplies for the
kids this year I bought like two or
three pencil boxes for each kid even
though for our kids a lot of the
supplies in their school are usually
provided and what we're planning on
doing is after the first day of school
when the teacher decides what the kids
actually need we're going to take
everything extra we bought and what are
we gonna do with it guys donated we're
gonna donate it cuz there's plenty of
kids that can use these school supplies
right yeah so that'll be fun for the
kids I think to give away some nice
things to some other kids don't forget
to subscribe to my youtube channel
it's called always Alyssa thanks for
watching number great school year
