hi guys today I'm going to show you my
back-to-school clothing haul first we're
going to start with all of my justice
things this is my pink sparkly adorable
backpack and I can't wait to use it I
love the back lace how it opened up in
the back of this shirt and I also like
the pink sparkles on the front and I
especially love this engine as all of my
favorite colors and the very sparkly I
like that one too it's got cute little
sleeve things right there keep
decorations okay I'm going to join in
with a list on her video because we love
clothes and I have to help her right
that's right
okay now I can show how our close ones
that'll be cute okay here's your next
already the butterfly shirt is with lots
of sequins the beautiful shirt
this one's keep this all these little
sparkles on it and it's got a little tie
right yes now we have established that
we love saying the word cute right
that's right because everything we get
is cute he's on a little tighter and
pink we love cute and pink and then
there's this one look at this one this
one's so cute yeah every one of these
ones from justice has something special
about it look at all this almost all the
shapes and those sparkles on them
yeah it's the more glitter the better
right mm-hmm then there's this one lots
of blue so pretty huh
this one and this one are kind of
similar with the black and the pretty
colors and all the decorations flowers
yep I do love that
and then she got some leggings together
like these they're super soft too and
she got a pretty skirt with a mild
colors to match your braces right also
my friends oh we love rainbows it's a
cute dress with all the sparkles lots of
sparkles make sure you guys watch her
BFF girls day out video that we just did
it justice because she was spinning in
this dress it was so cute it just shines
when she spins okay what's next
jeans essential for back-to-school right
eventually it's gonna get cold maybe
everybody niche Jean everybody's jeans
oh another essential for bedtime exams
or both pajamas that'sa looken
is all my favorite think courses while
unicorns sparkles and pink yep we do
rainbow sparkles no less I love them
what's that this is jacket a really cute
fancy jacket there's a little cutoff
yeah there's cutouts in it it's kind of
soft it's very soft and it's unique
because it's got a diagonals up or two
yeah headband awesome she got two
headbands and dresses this land is fun
and the shirt you're wearing - right yes
yep and then this is a really cute
outfit it's got a cute cutout in the
back of the shirt and it matches these
leggings those are really cute like
they're really cute we had to steal
these off the mannequin it was like the
only size evolved in the store and
Alyssa's getting tall so she wants to
get a size 12 pants just engag girls
some more so we're like gotta take them
right yes we had to get them the man
mind the right yeah no she's okay with
it more Dean's miss acute pockets these
are actually jeggings I feel like
stretchy okay yeah I like these ones a
lot and then she got this plaid shirt
what's the cute thing about the plaid
shirt the design on the back yep light
yeah and then she got this lip justice
shirt kick it in your face and I think
it kind of matches with these shorts
don't you I have nothing that these
shorts are so cute I think we could we
worm for soccer
I don't know oh they were too cute to
pass by she had to get him and then she
got cute Fox shirt yep cute Fox shirt
that matches this skirt and she got this
cool tie-dye shirt reminds me when I was
a kid I do like my Sparkle really really
pretty sparkles on that too and then she
got two pairs of these lace shorts she
got a black and a pink bear and she got
another dress
fourth of July yes we got some growing
to close up little bit next year maybe
well it's a tall yeah it might cut next
year too yeah
and then she got this super super soft
sure well sure any baby girl he saw we
love this one on the source shimmery
then we thought it matched with some
grey pants and we think it would look
cute with these mm-hmm yeah so we got
the grey pants and then if it is
actually cold she got this cute jacket
to go with it it's like Jean but of
course it's got some things I'm cute and
pretty on it right mm-hmm okay let's
show them all your shoes okay ready
let's put this off to the side so there
we go okay okay let's go over those
shoes there look
pink and sparkles black and sparkles and
the pink ones have like a shimmery lace
see those laces yeah pretty cool huh
I never notice that I know I just
noticed that - both super cute shoes and
these shoes are also from justice I also
got these bracelet
cute bracelets they say live justice and
there's one thing we can't leave justice
without getting with that the beanie
bear yes so we got one Jayden - precious
and three Korra very cute one I like
this one cause she's super bright and I
think the Lissa likes this one for the
pouches her eyes next we're going to go
over the Crazy eight clothes okay we got
the sugars with these shorts I got this
shirt we got this shirt I like all
flowery I know with those shorts this is
super cute I got this one nice and
sparkly
hey guys we got this one a is for
awesome we had to get it cuz Alyssa's
name starts with a we got this one
because it's kind of different it's not
we always see it crazy so we got that
one and she does we got this one I
wanted also he is you know we got this
cute little shirt with the lace back
yeah the flowers then the white shorts
match and we shop in the clearance rack
- this was on the clearance rack it was
a really good deal so we got that one
only a really good deal but it's really
cute yes then it matches and it's a
really cute outfit it's a little bit
different than ELISA normally wears -
also from the clearance rack is a
bathing suit we got that for next summer
July yep and this one for next summer
and then this one for next summer so a
couple of super cute bathing suits on
clearance there krazy-8 and then we got
this one this actually came from Walmart
and this one from Target and then here's
from children's plays right some more
headbands because every time this has
been right we got these ones from
Gymboree she got the shirt international
ice and plastic super sound really soft
then she had to get the sparkly shoes
they were too cute to pacify and I got
them at like the last moment yes we were
already checking out the whistles
running up mommy can I get these sparkly
shoes and I'm like um definitely too
cute next we're going to go to this pile
of clothes and it came from fab kits
calm we've never ordered from there so
this is our first order but it looks
like really cute clothes so she got the
leggings a really pretty long dress
there it is
she got some jeggings some more leggings
and I think that they'll match with this
shirt thank you looks good right green
matches yeah yeah and then she got this
dress but I think we'll also mention
some of the leggings I got I like a
different pocket you know she got this
shirt you like the fringe
cool you can wear that it's your boots
oh yeah yeah
and then another shirt a solitaire like
pink one and yes it is look at the time
you like it mmm it looks like it matched
the leggings yeah this is kit too and
then a long sleeve shirt and then this
one I think I wear leggings under - yeah
it's like a shirt right into a dress and
then a dangerous yes and some more long
leggings and these are the adorably cute
sparkly pink shoes yep she got two pairs
of shoes from fab kids I feel really
comfortable with all this clothes on me
we should do a challenge where let's ask
to put on I was gonna close Lobby money
it has to sleep on a planet clothes okay
so we got this from Old Navy I like it
because it's different than the colors
she normally wears so I think it's
pretty cute yeah oh this one's from
krazy-8 looks like we got some craziest
stuff in this pile this one's from H&M
she had to pick it out you know how
similar this is though to the Jess's
rumors of just description you find it
in here you're done so here's the
justice one and here's the H&M one so
the difference is this one's pink your
favorite color and this one has hearts
on it so clearly
Alyssa has very similar taste no matter
where she shops okay we got this one
from Disneyland on the clearance rack
also this shirt was like six bucks it
was a really good deal um we got this
one from we're from Kohl's
I thought this one would look really
cute with your justice pants what are
they the gray ones yes
yeah okay let's find them here's your
justice can see those outfits all up
there again yeah it's a good outfit and
then we have this dress that we got that
was cute with birds kind of unique
looking
anything can see if you look closely
there's a little pattern on the light
there is a little pattern it's pretty
this one came from Sami dress calm
actually that one and then this one came
from children's place
that's pineapple I love pineapple yes
and then back to a couple more things we
got a Gymboree on the clearance rack
this is an appearance and then ELISA got
another 8 essential right gotta have
some cute to sleep in as he can cute and
then this is our last outfit also from
Gymboree
and I love this outfit ELISA found the
Fox shirt she likes foxes a lot and she
was too tall for the legging so we
couldn't get the leggings to match the
cute Fox shirt but instead we found the
skirt this cute little quilted skirt
very cute and then to go over it this
spotter is that cute we need an attitude
flowers I love this outfit it's really
really cute me tail I'm sad because all
this is getting too big for Gymboree
clothes soon and they have some cute
stuff there well helpful you guys liked
watching Alyssa's back-to-school
clothing haul we tried to get a lot of
different clothes from a lot of
different stores so you guys could just
see like everything there is for back to
school for a girl and fashion as much as
we could find at least I mean I think we
did a pretty good job getting a lot of
stuff right hey high five yeah nice job
it's cute we got everything super cute
right we didn't take cute too many times
though given that everything is cute so
yeah thanks for watching don't forget to
live our thumbs up bye bye
