hi guys welcome to my room tour I'm
super excited because I finally have my
own room
yeah man we're sharing your table right
yeah that's right I'm first I guess that
was my favorite part of the room my new
chandelier is already performing room
for sure and totally okay this is my
desk and these are some of the ponies
that I made this is my favorite it was
all adapting to your whole desk
there it is and that's her artwork the
vanity major right over yeah what's next
how about my doll houses okay
this is my two birds and my cat in the
house
these are all myself kids that I've been
collecting
okay it's something this is my other dog
house of ours and playing with as you
can see well the horse lives in your
house I know right it's a very well
trained I trained it really good okay
she's got some little toys here some
shopkins about to open right there
okay next hour my favorite one of my
favorite parts my Lego set really guys I
showed her my Kinison video recently I
think I'm not one I think he has one tip
another video oh no it's cute little
person's home and Alyssa's room here um
she has this big window then it used to
be a big window with a little window on
top it was regular so we turn it into a
bay window so she can play there
mm-hmm this is my bar
for all my real life animals mm-hmm this
is where I keep my Barbies and these are
some of the real life animal scholar and
this is my desk
yeah they smell your nice game yeah I'm
look at this where'd you get this
VidCon yep so nice people gave it to her
at VidCon and this is what my beautiful
trick color yep
made by her nanny here some of her
artwork with clowns from different
places I visited and here's your bed
my awesome cute adorable bed that is
very cute have all these ELISA these are
all of my purses same with that side
ELISA has a lot of purses and some of
them were sent to us by you guys like
this one yeah jinx in this fine
Australia and here let's see your
pillows well this has really cute
pillows on my bed that's what makes it
awesome yes this cute sign we got and
some of my beanie boos
then the rest are in here using some
toys and whatsapp n stuff I do love to
read so that's why I have so many books
mm-hmm next up my closet is my school
those are my hats these are my dresses
the best part and you like the dresses
yeah he's in my jet um my jackets go
jackets yep
Oh show me your cute back pockets on the
other stuff look at this let's be cute
we love cute things right we do it is it
all so cute that's cute
mm-hmm and then her Papa made her that
and then you guys want to saw her get
these from justice we saved him cuz they
were cute in her soccer trophies about
me Papa also made me this you didn't
Rochelle networks
sure the wings open you could post up in
there
and then these ones these are all
shelves here and then we turned this
into a little dresser for Eliza so yeah
she puts like leggings and things like
that in there that's right slender
auntie made her almost all of these bows
including this bow holder which is like
really really cute and perfect so cuz we
love hair stuff right we do yes these
are my dildo bears oh you cute this is
my dresser where I keep all of my
clothes
yes let's use what we do in dressers
right okay I wanna sell these is my this
is my shirt drawer
easy where I keep all my shorts and
skirts extra skirts that we can't fit in
the closet right yeah yeah maybe we
should review how many skirts ELISA has
so this is Alyssa's skirt section here
all of these are her skirts because she
really loves skirts and dresses and by
the way I'm gonna say one of my favorite
skirts
okay Oh cute skirt so if it is not
easily get in there but some of them are
in the dresser all right that's right so
let's take a look here so Harris looking
for well this is a door you can see
everything has laid out and looking for
over here you can see her closet and her
ceiling make sure you guys notice the
ceiling because it's painted cute and if
you didn't notice where walls are pink
yes pink walls because we love the color
pink right and it looks awesome
Oh show me a laundry hamper it's pretty
cute I like the zombie hamburgers look
the little or put your stuff in the hole
okay it's perfect just even handles yep
thanks for watching
