whoa
hi guys welcome to his art of cooking
today we're gonna make homemade
blueberry there's everything you need to
make this recipe water sugar root beer
flavor in Chryse first take a simple
syrup mix 10 cups of sugar and 1 quart
of water
put in your simple syrup stir it up fill
it with three gallons of water looks
good I think we're right at three
gallons
pour two bottles are booper flavoring so
Bri you stir it up next up add the dry
eyes make sure you have an adult help
you add the dry eyes because this is
very dangerous to touch of you're a kid
dry ice can burn you but it's pretty
cool
whoa
I'll call Curia
outside for our part let it bubble for
three hours sample time music is it good
yeah it is so delicious I love it
lunch up for homemade repair usually
root beer has a caramel color but we
went die for you on this but I think it
tastes just as good right boys
yeah super good look definitely pay for
watching
