hey guys welcome to mommy Monday today
is a great day we start off our day with
a really fun family hike but things take
a crazy turn so make sure you guys watch
till the end
today we're hiking to the lighthouse
it's pretty much straight uphill
just walking along slightly out of
breath cuz this thing is really really
steep
we're at the first interesting spot
we're looking at there's a good view
pretty whiner select for Wales
well there's this really beautiful
breeze so even though it's super hot and
humid the breeze is making it very very
bearable today to do this hike hey Zach
where's the lighthouse I get the easy
work the end is in sight look out
was it worth it thanks for the preview
without words
we made it we finished the hyukoh we
didn't finish actually we're halfway
through we did the hard part or pretty
sweaty yes but I think we would all
agree that I feel like I have to sweat
you feel that if it was not crazy we
would not have made it because I've done
this hike without a breeze and it is a
beast just so hard when it's super hot
and humid outside
is it better going down than up Michael
oh yeah that's easier so look at the
boys you guys know you're walking on old
lava yeah
Wow yes I think the thing can make a
nice we are seeing some wheels here we
made it we're in the parking lot did
everybody make it it was a good workout
that's for sure but we're with the AC
now we're feeling good
some cool dreams it should not we're in
Costco or getting sidetracked in the
camping and surfing section I'm gonna
get this really cute link I'll show you
the inside the second cuz it's so cute
but you have to check this out this is
what that is Cohen's been touching it
looking around this is what the inside
looks like
it's my first time trying Japanese
noodles
a little bit playing like for example
especially can go to Japan does anybody
want to try clams who's gonna listen
Gillian Lyman you might like anybody
okay we got daddy to try these garlic
butter for the good of the family
is it good
not bad taste like I get a piece of sand
the first time anything's good with
garlic and butter right I found the most
expensive food at Costco pretty sure at
least king-crab right here
we're gonna get some pong today we don't
always get it but the kids big for it so
special trees
course they're from California that's
right so I saw this really cute
packaging and I was like really cute
then I saw the towels and they were just
red in 10 not my favorite colors but the
packaging was really cute almost made me
want to buy them this is so cute
we're just testing out a couch it's nice
it's now daddy's trying it out here when
you've been hiking all day it feels good
to sit anywhere oh you guys are trying
out couches - is it comfy this is
clearly a four person couch maybe at
five person couch another amazing thing
there's like no lines
there's always lines at Costco but right
now there's not a million samples and no
lines this was a good day for my kids so
ELISA did a video on her channel where
we were hiding rocks that we painted for
people to find
so before we came into Costco we hit a
rock and now we're gonna go
Oh somebody found it yep it was right
here and it's not there I wonder who
about it over here and David about to
help him doing the shoes like the
neverending disaster I should probably
be helping Matt he's caring in all the
groceries I'm so tired
hi I've got the cutest baby right here
so cute so cute I can't stop kissing him
okay come on
he makes me feel so guilty he gets
completely heartbroken if I set him down
for like a second they cry it's so sad
that you just feel like you have to pick
him right back up huh
yeah I think it's all happy because he
knows you got his way won't just love
each other I'll just walk around loving
you we can do that
okay now we're doing a new method which
is he gets the plan and play area with
Chris he won't try this time cuz you
really only cries until Oh see he's
totally fine playing he doesn't cry
who said you could go up in spirit we
got
good the guys are gonna have to see it I
think it could be something we're gonna
be filming in upcoming video oh yeah
this is gonna be awesome you guys are
gonna love this
okay that's your sneaky lucky you're
sneaky guys we just got to lift this
practice and look at this beautiful
parking spot we got you know it may be
in the complete mud but we are right by
the entrance okay fine I'll be here
waiting Alyssa just finished soccer and
we're rushing home because I got a text
from Matt telling me that the power is
acting really weird in our house and
there's like this major water leak I
don't really know what's going on so
we're trying to hurry home because I'm
just worried there's something with the
electrical and water could you know be
electrocution hazard so we're gonna go
check it out so here's only guys
mentioning our house it's kind of bad
and you can see it's got all the way
down it's been bubbling up and it goes
down I mean this whole floor was just
completely soaked all the way over to
this side because there's another leak
going all the way down that wall
I like really something we've been like
trying to wipe it up with towel that's
been kind of a nightmare
and now the whole power thing is going
on so we're gonna go to a hotel tonight
my camera's go to a dusting light so you
can't really fully tell but those lights
above the table are like about as dim as
you can get them all
lights are like dim the things are
flickering the stone is flickering
yeah the microwave doesn't work I
noticed is now a homewrecker it's so
dark I couldn't even see my work so I
told daddy why is it so dark and so he
checked out the kitchen is tough yeah so
were nervous about maybe because he
turned off this light so we're gonna go
to the hotel like I said because I'm
just nervous someone could get
electrocuted I don't want this day okay
we've adjusted the camera that show how
bright actually is in the house right
now so this is the actual brightness
this is with all the lights on okay we
have to as fast as we can and we
are getting out of here but Michael just
woke up
my fault look this is for you girl only
person can popcorn public yummy
hello my sweet make it a bit of place
and you ready to go we got most of our
stuff not too much stuff but we got
stuff you're gonna get out of here I
know it's hard to tell how it is but
it's crazy and you guys know how much I
hate being too hot I mean I think I've
talked about it a lot I definitely use
my air conditioner the air conditioners
are not working in our house and so
that's one of my face is like extremely
sweaty because the air conditioner my
bedroom doesn't work the air conditioner
down where I usually hang out on the
couch none of them are working they
won't even turn on it's really weird
because you'd think like if your power
was out it would just be out but it's
like it's like half out some things are
working some things are not so it's
really kind of creepy and just so you
guys can know by hot I mean 85 degrees
and over 80% humidity so it's definitely
not like I just want to be cold all the
time this is like full-on just sweating
because it's so hot and how I II does
not get cold at night it gets kind of
like no it doesn't if you don't have an
air conditioner it is not fun and we
don't have any good trade ones where we
live either so there's like not a lot of
breeze that gets in our bedroom
you're trying to salvage some of our
food facilities have been $8.00 we know
and it kind of stinks because we just
went to Cosmo today I mean we've logged
it we were at cosplay about all of us
who got me and like milk and all this
stuff it's totally gonna spoil and hog I
mean don't like that so anyway bad
timing for this and you can even see
behind me right now nothing at all on
this there should be like a time showing
here definitely weird cuz like I said if
the power was off these lights wouldn't
be on but they're on Heather's gonna
check the temperature what was it when
we looked at it earlier it what a seven
degrees in the freezer which is already
seven above normal and 37 in the frames
which wasn't what it was so what is it
now oh my god it's 10 degrees teen
beginning else its tilters and it's like
the fridge works with the freezer is not
working luckily I would open it for 30
minutes however
Michael's a little bit nervous it's like
over on the backyard
don't yes I'm using night vision on my
camera so I can sort of see you leave
it's just us I know we're gonna leave
we're gonna go to a hotel they have all
righty we got everybody in the car we
stopped by our neighbor's house and
asked him to watch over our house just
in case anything crazy happens and we're
gonna head to our hotel
ziggety we turn right there as well a
treat all we packed super professional
yeah look at all this is like this
pardon surfboards and yeah we made it
there's air conditioning and working
light this is good
I know
wait to go
this is very fun I'm really up on the
fence I'm just gonna give you guys a
quick update with the house so we were
gone from the house all day today and
they had a bunch of electricians and
other people coming in it turns out it's
a bigger problem than we thought so
we're gonna be having another night at a
hotel and they're gonna be taking a
whole crew with a big ladder truck I
guess over to the house today tonight I
should say because it's the evening
already and it's gonna be a pretty big
thing but hopefully we'll be able to go
back tomorrow it's about midnight on day
two and you might be hearing some
beeping in the background of my house
and that's because we're finally gonna
have lights on here the power company
came out and they're gonna fix this
issue we'll see great you know that you
okay
I will figure it out all right thank you
their work and way up high well it's
like 2:30 in the morning we're probably
gonna go to bed they're still working on
our power so unless Matt decides to wake
up and feed them update you guys I don't
know well let you know tomorrow how
everything turned out alright we're
gonna answer some questions the first
one comes from KitKat Evan off Instagram
and they were asking how I manage all
the kids when we have sports and
everyone's doing different things that's
a really good question so when we have
two cars we usually try to divide and
conquer we'll try to see if we can
coordinate sports teams or sport things
so that we're not driving all over the
place like crazy people but right now
we've got all three boys on one team and
Elissa on the other team when we have
had games where they have games at the
exact same time so usually what we do is
one of us goes early like 30 minutes
early and then drops off the other one
and we kind of do that kind of thing and
then we'll just have Matt goes to one
game and I'll go to the other game and
then we'll pick each other up afterwards
hello you guys prefer surfing or skiing
or sledding
a lot of times kids like her she is like
the kids a lot I have two brothers Jai
Gaston wants to know if our kids ever
misbehave the answer is yes
okay yep there you have it they've never
done a single thing wrong ever but if
you've seen our videos in the past you
know they have made a couple mistakes oh
they're being perfect angles for us
congratulations so this week's fans of
the week's you found the hidden
pineapple were you able to find the
hidden pineapple in today's video if you
did be sure to leave a comment with the
hashtag hidden pineapple so we can
choose you for fan of the week
