hi everybody welcome to my room
here we are in David's room what do you
want to start with here's my amazing bed
amazing bed chose your bed here's all my
stuffed animals David has a lot of lions
right into one piece so I don't have to
really make my blankets oh that's the
good thing about it yep he's got buddy's
wedding on there I want to show him your
art there's a nice piece of art right
there
there's your what there's my blankie the
dirty clothes yeah just kidding goodness
here's my life next he's goes Imaginext
toys over there and there's more and
show me so here's the mold indexed in
here mm-hmm
and their doors of Legos in here doesn't
I goes and there's some all I goes
morally goes right there is something
really cool what oh my gosh
oh yes the top of the dresser has some
cool cars on it and David just got a
music player he was the last kid to get
a music player huh
yes oh and we have this little
decoration too why don't you show your
other like this
David's got this nice big window here
and he plays like house in it
I really liked it he had pirate ship
people could cool pirate ship look look
at these he also loves these little
mixels I think is what they're called so
what they're called David mixels I'm
something like that he loves these
little guys they're just right for him
to make and he always makes them ha he's
a good job these types of guys are like
called minifigures yeah but next closet
yeah so here we'll stand here and you go
show me your closet so you guys can see
his room how it looks
is my amazing closet have more luck
except in this corner hot were round yes
he's not a collection of Legos waiting
to be done I've got a backpack I've got
a bookshelf with the drugs there two
more cars and the statue thing in the
Shelf what do we have got his ears from
Disney World advantage a picture of me
when I was younger look how cute that
was I think I'm onto your birthdays and
this is his winter clothes up there
because it's not winter right now and
there's two electric vehicles mm-hmm
there's his soccer trophies up there
here's his clothes here's some old
clothes in here yeah another one of your
drawers slip in this one there's some
clothes to grow into in there and some
ties and stuff some more clothes of
short-sleeve stuff there walked out here
we took off his closet doors so open the
room a little more and in David's room
we added the white wainscoting on the
bottom the room used to be a dark green
color mom yeah with the yes as a kind of
gross color floor Brown floor and green
walls didn't look very nice so we took
it out made it look all nice we changed
this from a regular window to the bay
window and what there's also this nice
artwork oh yeah he's got a nice piece
more on the wall we're gonna add some
more in this room we're not sure what
we're gonna do but for now this is
David's room
I think it looks pretty cool I like this
nice little wall here because it's
interesting me too
so what some defensa like hey behind
here yes you could night alright well
there is David's room
thanks but here you have another hunting
spot to show oh there he is awesome
thanks for watching
