hi everybody David and I just got back
from Costco and we were tweeting and
snapchatting the whole time and we came
home and decided to film a Costco haul
video a lot of you guys have been asking
for shopping hauls and to see what we
buy oh we go to the store this is not a
sponsored video we're just doing it for
fun and we do love Costco so we're going
to show you some of the things we got
there today so we're gonna start over
here we got milk this is my milk because
I am lactose intolerant we got some
cereal we got some fruit these peaches
are huge and they just they smell so
good we got these blueberries we got mac
and cheese regular cheese another kind
of cheese this is Parmesan and now
they're going to cheese um yogurt we got
some clothes for who me yeah so good
honey yes it is and we got some undies
these are my favorite kind of underwear
and they had them at Costco so I got a
bunch for the kids see your jewelry
underwear Cory we got fruit treats so we
got some nuts because Matt's parents are
coming in his dad loves they said we got
those we got some kind of cheese some
more clothes for David I think like all
the clothes I got was for David because
he was one with me so he's a lucky one
without applesauce more cereal
we got bathroom toilet paper we got
water and we got one more big thing
she'll be showing what we got okay he'll
talk over and Sean
oh you know what first we should go over
here and show Heather who's almost done
making something we bought with at
Costco we got our potatoes and we got
our flour a big sack of flour she's
gonna make potato pizza for us her own
special creation it's gonna be good okay
let's go over and show what else I got
we got these that yes we got this bean
bag now we thought you guys would like
to see this because it's really heavy
and the box isn't that big but inside
Costco this thing was pretty big so
we're gonna open it up and let you guys
see how cool it is careful hey let's
open this up and check it out here cool
oh that must be the cover okay oh we've
gotta cut this open please Harry pop you
want to open it up
in case you're wondering while all the
other kids are they are outside swimming
they're probably gonna be sad they
missed this pond even yeah that's okay
this was a David and mommy day right now
yeah
you're so strong even there you go okay
really heavy actually it's definitely
vacuum packed whoa that's cool feel that
it's like vacuum packed solid that's
pretty cool
Oh
Oh Oh throwing
oh that's cool
I feel like I'm gonna it's never going
to stop growing the dance
not quite boy come on that is really
cool
now we need to put the cover on
do you like everything also it has to be
assembled like I thought for sure this
mother
I guess it's so much work connection
complain these hard things in life
what's really comfortable and I think
we'll just we'll flip it over and then
you're zone you ready okay down money
see how you like it oh it's so cool yeah
it yeah you get first is you can seize
it all day today
well thanks so much for watching
hopefully you guys enjoy seeing our
Costco haul if you want to see more home
videos be sure to let us know in the
comments because we would love to film
them bye
