hi everybody welcome to mommy Monday we
are starting off our weekend here at
Disneyland day hi guys are you having a
fun day
let's see that what a really close
wooden piece this is a pirate of the
Caribbean gold coin look at that I got
Michael
we do that there we go oh my gosh is
making me busy it's right we're looking
down
well oh my god look to the nearest exit
how is it you like it everybody say hi
there's Michael pretty much every time
we come here we always stop at the
sourdough bread place and the taco place
because they give resemble another monk
you it's always really soft and good
thank you yeah we're here with the fall
and your family do you guys know him if
not check it out
I'm excited
you
are you ready to ride boy sorry
laughing
my love's getting tired I ready for a
nap
yeah look at that it's been a long day
at Disney for my little baby boy
yeah these are one of my favorite
Disneyland treats we are back from
Disneyland and we are continuing our
fourth of July weekend celebration with
some epic lego building
show me your box David 740 timepieces
this is a huge Lego set
the list is over here building two let's
look at yours she is doing just like a
friend set this is pretty cute I'm
excited to see these when these are done
we're gonna go check on David's progress
with his Legos because he's all done
yeah something really cool about it we
can lift up this and you look in here
lift this thing
whoa there's a treasure chest and then
we open it up and there's a lot to like
in it this looks pretty awesome looks
better they awesome there's a door open
yeah bitch oh cool there's also a couple
more things the bullet shoot put a sharp
what is that it's a shark a saw shark
cool the whole boat came with it I can
also bring up the anger that's pretty
cool there's a pretty good like I said
here's optimum place oh let's make the
cook walk the plank
oh and there comes the shark there's the
guy at the top that I miss anything
there's a guy over there done oh there's
a guy right there if you thought about
the shores and there's a captain with
him coming for confident I play oh my
gosh it's funny look see the big leg
there's a captain with a say glass ik
nice job ilysm just took a lot of work
huh dirty please send along look a
little tire swing this thing opens up
what's on the other side rock-climbing
wall how cute is that it's like an
obstacle course there's binning blocks
it's cold anyway and that's a cute
little bird there's the inside this is
very adorable is that a bed right there
yeah that's cute dude also just noticed
was this little Oh what is that hating
them I hope I'm on it
that's really cubed nice job you guys
ready to do something else
okay what are you guys doing the taxable
so we can get a prize for me
they have a new job on their chores lift
the trash and they are doing a fantastic
job another one to do we give them a big
bag and they go around the house and
they get all the trash cans and they
dump into the big bag and then daddy
takes off to the big trash flips to jump
on good job all day
good job guys I got this great idea that
we should do family pictures right now
so we're headed to this park with the
kids and we're gonna attempt family
pictures Heather's gonna take them for
us I'm thinking a good spot is probably
gonna be over here somewhere there's a
little bunny up there it goes
not much
thank you
picture mommy and daddy oh that one's
cute guy are we done we did it we got
our pictures taken I'm hoping we got
some good ones I was looking as we went
through and it looks like we got some
cute ones
but it was took an hour and fifteen
minutes not bad thing we have a lot of
kids and it was a lot of wrangling
people in but I'm excited because we
have a Dunn family pictures for like how
long that like a year or so at least
at least a year we've since I've had a
really good family picture and cross
your fingers some of these turned out
good and I will share my favorites with
you guys here in the video
the kids are over here playing at the
park all but Alisa say hi hey but anyway
I'm gonna go get him and we're going to
take him home because we're planning on
doing a little barbecue slim party with
some of our family tonight
is that fun okay let me see going this
side oh you are be careful
that's one way to go down
Eliseo ate that whole entire bag hey
show me your bathing suit look how cute
it's sparkling and it has these cute
little ties entire bag of oh sorry
started disrupt your eating are you this
is homemade root beer in here we're
going to show you guys how to make it on
a kid size cooking coming up and we're
eating it with ice cream and make a
river floats it's so good mmm that's the
best way to eat your root beer and ice
cream looks really tasty here's all my
other kids eating their food in the spot
now I'm gonna take some time to answer
the questions you guys submitted last
week the first one comes from Janice
Bell who asks about how we deal with the
kids when they're being really
adventurous and stuff like that you want
to talk about it
well we filled it up as parents you need
to let your kids learn to take risk for
themselves because a lot of kids today
don't get to do that they think that
mine are growing up is taking risk and
learning your boundaries learning your
limits like what can you do what's gonna
happen if you jump off a table are you
gonna get hurt are you gonna fall are
you gonna get a bruise you know so we
kind of let our kids live like that
right bumps and bruises are a part of
childhood they are Barbie rocks asks
about fan art Friday yes we have started
it and we do it every Friday on Twitter
and Facebook so be sure to follow us
Jose Lopez asks about some of the mean
comments that we get on the channel on
how we deal with that I feel like I
generally ignore those kind of comments
and I try not to respond because I like
to keep our YouTube channel a happy
place in a safe place where people can
come they can voice their opinion and
they can feel like they're accepted and
loved and so I don't want judgments to
happen B even between you viewers I
don't want you guys to judge each other
and leave me comments to each other of
course there are certain words that we
have filtered out that they will never
appear at all on the channel
because I don't want anyone to have to
read profanity if they don't have to and
things like that so as far as those kind
of comments that's how I deal with them
and I don't let them get me down because
you know maybe someone's just having a
really bad day so they left a really
mean comment I don't know anyway thanks
so much for watching guys hope you guys
enjoyed the episode if you did please
leave us a thumbs up and have a great
week leave me your comments for next
week's episode bye
