hi as you know we just got our new puppy
if she's so cute but it takes a lot of
work for a pump that's why we excited to
make this video to show you how to take
care of my boy when we first got Hana we
kept turned this petty guard fan you can
see she learned how to climb out when
she starts slipping the ground then
you'll know she has to go to the
bathroom oh she's going to the bathroom
who's gonna clean it up Tommy not me not
me somebody has to clean it up help me
daddy
is it daddy's turn once we found out
that she could climb out of the play
yard
we got her something that she couldn't
climb out a crate puppies go to the
bathroom wherever they want so that's
why we keep her in the crate it's never
too young to get puppy pads they love
these things
incentive teaches them where to go to
bathroom
so we put these pads in the bottom of
her crate and which goes back when we
put a new one in there we also give her
plenty of playtime but after your
playtime's over be sure to put your
puppy back inside her crate so she
doesn't have an accident around the
house we put this water liquor inside
her crate because she was spilling her
water every time she went in there and
this is a little bit cleaner it's
important to keep your puppy Harriet's
late or else you're going to have to
give it lots of baths
we gave Han a lot of toys because she
loves to shoot yeah she does does she
sometimes chew on your clothes she is
she was going for Alyssa
skirt earlier today definitely watch out
for those sharp little puppy nails
puppies take a lot of naps unfortunately
those are all during the night she wakes
up at like 5:00 in the morning and barks
non-stop
you know she whines and works quite a
bit at night so we got a crate for her
that we keep in the garage and we also
keep one in the house but we can't
always keep her in the garage that's
because dogs don't sweat I'm sure you've
seen dogs who pant right they look like
that right through and the reason is
because they don't sweat until they pant
in order to have that evaporation
effective cool off their bodies so dogs
are extremely sensitive to heat not so
much cold because they curl up really
cute like that and stay warm after her
nap she's usually ready to eat
after puppy eat they usually have to go
to the bathroom but some tiny big step
in it and that means lots of back since
we also have to get our puppy her shots
it's 11 pounds six ounces healthy got
her first shots today it's important to
socialize your dog but not until she's
had all of her shots so for now we just
keep on it in the house with us and she
plays with Kona but one of these days
she's going to go to the dog park so she
can become friendly with all and dogs
and doing onna big was gonna try to get
this little thing uh-oh she escaped
though I reckon it's also important to
train your puppy right now we're working
on Syd but as she gets older we're going
to teach her more commands how do
puppies a lot of work but sure is fun
thank you for watching
