it's time for our monthly universal
treat spots myself excited Brazil what's
on your liver no no looks yummy what is
that
here's everything that's in this box
first we're going to try the pasta tempo
that's the one you guys picked out right
yes there's the front in the back and
how do they taste guys good one of the
next leg is like animal crackers with
chocolate filling yummy huh yeah yeah I
like this one's good it's really good
next we're going to do this one it says
this is the most popular children's
candy in Brazil oh look look at that
guy's Wow this isn't Jersey I've never
seen a candy like this before why why
guessing you can just break it or bite
it yep there we go oh joy peace oh yeah
thanks
hmm is it pretty soft pretty hot love it
was it tastes like white chocolate oh I
might have to try this one I think it's
a little less sweet than the white
chocolate we usually have yeah yeah even
though I don't actually like white
chocolate this X is actually pretty good
yeah I like the packaging oh my god
what's inside you're right you're right
I just noticed that when you shake it
there's something inside it it tastes
like chocolate with only take one shot
tastes like chocolate you know you're
going to write it says it's cashew and
cashiers are next it's kind of got a
crispy inside did you guys taste that
yeah there's the chocolate outside than
a crispy and then a soft yeah I mean
nikrif we're gonna try the press dgo as
I say that pristine geophysics oh okay
prestigio that's it by Nestle it's gotta
be good it does look good yeah you know
some coconut on the inside of this okay
dress plane I don't like it that much
kind of plane to you yeah what do you
think Danny what do you think it is like
there's like mouths thumbs up if you
like it FRA everybody likes it except
Alyssa next we're gonna try this one
there's one good I can hear you guys
crunching it's kind of sweet what do you
guys think good okay look I'm like those
uh wheat puff cereal yeah they do but a
little bit chewier it's not quite like
popcorn it's not like popcorn were used
to but it's like an air-filled type
snack thumbs up or thumbs down guys
everybody liked it daddy said medium
mommy says medium here's the next one
we're gonna try something
package I just think it looks cool you
guys like it
I keep really good I love it like what
kind of flavor chocolate chocolate it's
kind of squishy gotta make nice curves
oh I don't think I like that one
like a mixture between teresting if I
showed up all of it is it you like it a
lot
mommy's not a fan of random things
you're a good boy Chris what do you
think Michael that one yummy yeah be
part of it
Oh next we're gonna open this one it
says it's a giant surprise Easter II
have me open this I think we have to or
just rip it I was Network Oh
snatched Oh No look inside what's the
chocolate is it good no it's here's
another one unless I see one up on that
one sure ooh
and so there's cashews you can see the
cashews in the chocolate yeah looks
pretty good no it's off it is a really
good I love it
the chocolate is quite tasty on this I
agree Michael you another one it's so
good it's a poison you let the voice
wasn't gonna die oh yeah it's comprising
is you're gonna be a toy in there
I don't know maybe there's gonna be
candy in there these are messy yeah do
you wanna eat it
Oh was that good I think he likes it
yeah yeah how are the bone bones really
feel good
Mady Legum I hope the other ones are
better you think of them better you may
handle little ones in this package right
but he thinks these ones are better than
the yellow packaged ones here's the
inside of these bone ones that came
inside the surprising I think they're
pretty good and so does Heather right
Heather oh yeah super good yeah they're
good next we're gonna try this one look
at that we're going to cute look they
look like the poppers those little toys
you put on the ground and use the M&M
yeah they smell good to hear my goal if
you want that you're like Kim I am there
you go good
oh if they're ham flavored the boys are
going to town with that chocolate are
there yeah it's all good enough that's
what my school you want zero school it's
gonna be a long time to say all that
chocolate we're gonna say what this
whole it tastes like him so it does
taste like him it smelled like him and
it tastes like camera according to ELISA
what do you think minute you know those
bacon fries you see at the gas station
mm-hmm just like that
okay I've not tried this but I'll take
your word for it boys you guys like them
it's vulgar how do they taste
Oh
knowing things like a bacon and ham
bacon and ham well you know what got
little something bigs okay there we go
yummy you love chocolate face you like
those I think this might actually one of
my favorite oh really mm-hmm
it's got a good way around yeah no it's
like kind of salty and kind of sleep
nothing
next we're gonna try these they look
like crackers they look like it could be
saltines but I have a feeling there may
be hopefully a little more flavorful
than saltines they're kind of good
that's what they look like a lot what do
you guys think definitely not saltines
they have a really good smell tone
though don't you guys think they smell
good you know like I'm not I think they
smell really weird but they can't good
mm-hmm
David put chocolate with his cracker how
was that good combination is it a good
combination see chocolate makes
everything better
this looks like it's gonna be good too
it reminds me like it taste like s'mores
does it yeah really good I like it yeah
it's good the it's interesting like the
middle is almost a little caramel flavor
sort of caramel fudge for Alissa second
Chris what do you guys think in the
outside Oh July got it
Hecky Rice Krispies cheese in it oh yeah
I forgot about that part that was good
mom do you guys want to tell me what
your favorites were oh yeah this one
okay let's go these two and the memo
the chocolate egg and Zack but what's
the favorite thing you ate the chocolate
I knew he was gonna say that
