is a picture and a car look at those
cute dinosaurs cute stickers yeah
Michael what do you have yeah I like
that this is a nice note from James oh
look at you you've got braces everywhere
arms such a nice letter oh it's nice it
is you know oh shit a good John
hey hey oh that's great it wasn't that
are very cute awesome here's another
nice letter you guys are all so nice to
send us all these letters isn't this
amazing you guys yeah everybody's so
nice take time to send us these my
family ELISA yeah no justice me okay oh
that's a bummer huh yeah would you guys
have to open the really big box yeah
first we have to look at this box
because you guys decorated this box so
cute look at that this is adorable
you guys are seriously so sweet the kids
were so excited when they saw this giant
box in the mail
oh I can't believe it look at a letter
where's a letter for this time Oh
Nikolas I don't have
oh here's a pen here depends oh look at
this she's Lexi she's 8 years old you
are so sweet
Michael got Andy and she goes if you
know - and Lana hi granny I really did
you get something else oh oh look at
Grandma is on the air unless you're my
head look a nice drawing
they came with some stickers Ashley I
have to say thank you for your nice
letter and I'm glad it got to us because
this is exactly how your humble up King
to us we were kind of laughing because
it was completely open when we got it
but we got it
oh wow banana nothing it's a cute thing
you need for you here's another letter
here's another nice letter right here
here's a nice letter from Taylor hi Mike
hey I live in the mountains of Northeast
Georgia
I'll be good mm-hmm Michael's name at
the bottom so cute we got this nice
letter his amulet lights up yeah that's
cool huh
David got this we got a sticker I look a
cute letter and this one Chris do you
want to answer all your favorite color
is
whoa look at all this is opening you
guys this is pineapple lumps covered
oh my gosh oh wow iodine it's really
good drawing
that's nice Chris here's another letter
from Milan oh and you guys are not
passing out things that came from Megan
that's as king Chris Harris look at
yours island thank you for the candy
Sharna oh that's a nice looking book
isn't it no all right this looks so cute
oh how cute you really kick to another
nice level here's a couple one that I
was just reading oh look I like it I
would love to come to Toit one day if we
can this is gonna hurt
Bailey says dear Family Fun Pack you are
the best YouTube family in the whole
world
nice Michael is still discussing his
amulet over there
do you like the amulet myself there's
another in another picture it is nice it
is what do you have that oh oh oh wow
that's really good of course you can
there's another nice letter what's this
little that's a nice picture
oh that's that one yeah I like that one
a lot
look mate Christine
Alicia David sack and Christian rock Oh
this is so cute you did such a good job
writing to us these are bags of all
different shapes and sizes for you guys
well cool never to get something in
majesty Oh a little backpack for your
size Michael you guys have up in
somebody who works for Jujubee the
company with these diaper bags and
shoulder bags and comic tax and
everything okay they saw one of our
videos that Mommy had one and then they
asked me about it and I told him I
didn't have it anymore so they said they
were going to send us new ones because I
love our videos
oh here's their letter it's really cute
and here's the other part is I love our
YouTube videos isn't that nice yeah and
I have to see you guys not really cool
business cards cause a much thanks looks
good on you what do you have Alisa here
I'll show you
thank you bag oh there's another benefit
oh that's convenient let's keep them oh
my gosh is there another one yep no it's
all three it's pretty good though I
learned something today I did not know
that these are machine washable that's
pretty cool so this is from Jamie thank
you oh listen look
hmm it's pretty to do bracelet finishes
my name that's really nice
these are flippers oohs you guys so it
says what you do is you flip the back of
it over the front of it and there's two
animals and one that's a really cute dog
huh oh that one's cute so cute thank you
for all this nice man mail thank you for
taking all this time to send us all
these letters okay thank you thank you
this is so nice I'm not pineapple we
really do appreciate you guys taking so
much time and effort to send us so many
letters you make us feel so special huh
guys yeah we are so thankful you guys
are just way too nice to us
