hi guys welcome to kids size cooking
today I'm going to show you how to make
a fresh strawberry pie here's all the
ingredients to make this recipe graham
crackers cornstarch sugar butter jello
and most importantly strawberry we
picked them yesterday first step grind
your graham crackers do this for all
three bags next we're going to melt the
butter we're going to start with a stick
and a half of butter if we need more
then we're going to add more later I've
one and a half cups of sugar to your
craft
stir it up pour in your mouth head
butter mix it up looks like we're gonna
have to add a little more butter time to
make your crust start by scooping graham
cracker crumble into your pie dish it
looks good now I'm going to put it in
the fridge to chill we made a lot of
crust because we have a lot of
strawberries to make into pies now I'm
going to start cleaning the strawberries
take the green tops off of your
strawberries cut your strawberries next
we're going to prepare the strawberries
to go in the pie
start by adding a cup and a half of
sugar to your saucepan
and 1/3 of a cup of cornstarch to the
sugar whisk it all together mix and so
it looks like fine powder add 2 cups of
water
take it to the stove and put it on a
medium boil stir it constantly or it
will stick and when an axe bounces of
gelatin this is strawberry flavor the
strawberry gelatin gives it color on a
dismal flavor while your glaze is
cooling get your pie shell out of the
fridge
very carefully drizzle your glaze over
your strawberries gently stir it up now
it's time to put your strawberries into
your pie crust we got this recipe from
my nanny it's one of my favorite pies
that she makes drizzle the rest of your
glaze on top of your pie
the last step is to garnish your prize
is the leftover ground purposes final
touch whipped cream
and here you have it the best job life
ever
thanks for watching and don't forget to
leave me a thumbs up
