you want to let his name what do you
want to show us first your bed right and
his toy let's look at his toys he's got
some pirate ships and all his fun little
toys here look what's on your wall
Michael oh it's teal it's not an anchor
it's teal and here's Michael's bed he's
got his Betty's bedding it's became it
unzips and super cute oh yeah that's
right put the dirty clothes and this is
Michael's dresser his grandpa made him
this dresser and Michael really likes
Mickey Mouse so it's got Mickey's with
the M from Michael there's even little
Mickey's down there on the bottom
Michael do you like having your own room
yeah would you like to sleep with mommy
yeah over drink we'll go oh there's
Michael so Michael has his bed is right
there and then he's got his own play
area
are you in your tent yeah there he is
oh and there's a puppy too inside
Michaels tent there's a little light
show
pretty cool huh Michael yeah yeah yeah
and then this is Michael's closet right
here we took off the doors and we built
off the closet and made it a little
dresser area so he's got his little
things there he's got clothes in here
like he's got bathing suits and stuff
then his shoes are right here and then
he's got his baby carrot when he's a
baby and a little backpack he's got some
of his hanging clothes to go into and
more of things to grow into over there
it's not very full cuz Michael doesn't
have that much clothes yet but pretty
cute room with him Michael do you want
to say bye-bye to everybody
