hi guys welcome to mommy Monday today
we're going to take the kids to the farm
are you guys ready to go ready on your
jammies crazy Michael we gotta change
your clothes okay yes can you help me
lock this out only when you got to pick
your berries yeah you know what I think
they're gonna have buckets done that we
can use good excuse this laughing thank
you put it back bones in the garage okay
cool
I've got some hats for the kids I'm
gonna grab some sunblock and then we're
gonna be on our way you guys like your
shirts
that's official music
cool let's our new Family Fun Pack shirt
let's look good on you guys careful of
Oh Halloween he's not okay okay it's a
leap bill down can you get me that
bottle of water that's already open
ocean nanny's gonna clean it for him
this has medicine inside okay so I feel
better I think I get any tea
is put - okay - the two
Finch you'll get love yeah okay just me
I know
poor baby there we go who think is any
any kissing my pager are your hands okay
Michael I don't think this will broke
the skin here we go let's go to your
hands you're handy oh this is a really
stretchy one so we can put it on right
yeah baby
I cut there now it's strain II see we
clear here there we go give me a hug
Michael come here baby
towards me
Oh check that little face oh my god you
found them on the ground good how pretty
badass Wow let me see yours on the side
just purple in it pretty rocks
your hand okay yeah look at me sitting
here looking with your neck you're so
little
hey whose neck so small huh yeah little
baby
what would you other side mm-hmm no your
cheeks and your nose
what's an iPad good one but it's a good
one perfect nope only red
kitchen okay okay
here's my goal this is perfect
nice I get the bun you sure did again
are you finding some good ones Chris
Michael just gonna hold a nice kick they
look good David Oh No Oh Chris you
aren't really already where did that
happen Oh is there mud over there Oh No
well we'll wash you off in just a minute
okay after we're done picking
a job can you get that one right there
good job Michael want to get another one
oh he's gonna probably eat for every two
he picks has to eat one oh did you smell
yeah that's okay we can filter Michael
has it moved to find a little place to
sit and he was just in heaven eating
you're trying to go for in that hole I
never saw hey Chris one with your cheeks
I ain't eating green is now an expert
Zach
well she filled yours up this looks
perfect
don't eat them cuz your knife in me me
and Alyssa are comic a strawberry pie
listen okay I won't any of them company
bowl bowl baskets of strawberries okay
yummy huh that's one careful okay we're
gonna go to the park and play before we
go home hey hey okay did you get all wet
mmm it was under this ring you know what
I bet that was dropped by your brother
oh look at that
oh look at the view on this big sheep
there look at that cutie baby
yes I'm big G pong guys there is he soft
that's his name his name is blaze the
quarter horse
palominos yeah the fancy don't now
you're just like to care less you care
have you gone pay off in the car and
there's Chris are you excited to go on
this one okay okay here comes my soul so
you go Michael serious going carefully
that's a good point
just with you oh my gosh man
Gauhar you might do a flip
for waiting for our food here for lunch
I'm going to answer some other questions
you guys submitted last week the first
one comes from Stacie who asks what is
special night so we develop special
night for our kids and that's where
every kid gets a special night each day
of the week where they get to stay up a
little later and stay up with mommy and
daddy and everything so they can feel
like they have some alone time and some
special time and we do usually one kid
Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday and
Friday and we don't usually do it during
the school year and if we do we tend to
make it a really short special night so
they'll stay up willing to like 8:30 or
9:00 so they can still get enough sleep
for school nights
milah asks what the kids favorite ride
at Disneyland is because I'll answer
that okay mutters my name is Matt fuller
Benjamin screaming it's green with us
together winter swap matter born I think
Michael likes what do you guys think
that's awesome
Oh jumbo okay Dumbo we're smaller one of
those two hi mom Aaron s asks if the
kids have nicknames they do all have
nicknames but I think my favorite
nicknames came from Michael he calls
Elissa Yaya
David DeeDee Zack gaga Chris gay gay so
we have Yaya DD gat gat and gay kids
it's kind of cute I have to give a
little shout out to Kara who noticed the
Hogwarts shirt that I was wearing in
last week's mommy Monday episode I got
that at Universal in Florida we're going
to have some videos coming up where we
show ourselves there it was pretty
awesome
Universal Studios everybody's even
talking about this is my food I always
talk about my food allergies and talk
about one of the few places I can
actually eat because they don't use
anything I'm allergic to their beans
don't have any onion or garlic I need it
as their cheese sauce do you like your
beans a nice yummy
we said this topic hospital but poor
little Michael fell asleep that's when
you know you're really asleep Oh want to
get out I know seriously there we go
I feel like we're at Costco every day of
the week even though we're not it just
feels like it sometimes we're gonna get
band-aids because we're always running
out and they're on coupon right now
don't fight over it what are we gonna do
with those yes more that's gonna be
yummy cream crackers what else do we
need to make our s'mores we have the
marshmallows
we got the graham crackers what else do
we need yep
nice
are you excited about those goggles back
which one do you like the best
bass can be mine
I know
the boys are still over this is a really
big
it was a long day for Michael he is so
tuckered out
you guys look great Michael did you wake
up yes silly face what he finally woke
up from our nap we're all home and I
think we're gonna go out and hash
s'mores so I'm going to say goodbye to
you guys
thanks so much for watching please be
nice and leave me a thumbs up on the
video and don't forget to submit your
questions for next week's episode bye I
love you one more thing we want to tell
you guys about and that is we have a new
series coming out on the water park
Wednesday so for the next month your
celebrates of water park video on
Wednesday so stay tuned
