hi guys it's time for universal young
here
it's woman whoa see what's inside this
works much more here's everything that
came in this box and if you're wondering
why we're sitting on the ground and not
at the table that's because we don't yet
have a kitchen table yes there's the
first one and I think it's a
dark-chocolate you guys like it thumbs
up first chocolate here's the next one
we're gonna try oh they're crunchy yeah
what are they taste like um snap it is
function and it gets soft Michael is it
good I'll take that as a yes it tastes
like sour cream mmm here's the next one
these ones look interesting whoa that is
banana bread in the middle does it and
look in the middle Wow
it says that these treats have been
around since 1763
they're super old ah is it good Michael
likes it it tastes like chalk the in the
outside it I'm burning up ready
that needle I think it tastes a little
like gingerbread you guys think it
tastes like gingerbread mmm yeah
it's really yummy we're gonna try this
one next chocolate
did it taste good Jerry it is true very
like it you know like how much senior
rapper Chris I think Chris had lemon Oh
Carrie
yeah it's really good mm-hmm right
here's the next one
this one looks really really soft and it
smells just delicious it's good huh it
tastes like jumping around Kyle on
chemical something really good oh yeah I
think so too
it's so soft I love it tastes like
peanut butter and marshmallows next
we're going to try these candies go open
it pink what I see that how does it
taste
does anybody get it yeah yeah it's good
oh wow is that chocolate on the inside
something like it yeah you can Magaziner
biggest fina yeah Oh Michael brought a
snake in next is the Milka it tastes
better cookie pretty good Oh
it almost seems like butter and
chocolate um to me
next we're going to try this called
pressing key humble out there really
told you to so they're kind of soft
crunchy brothers they work hard but
they're not just our group
all right and really shoot a bunch this
chip is better this one or the first
time we tried just want it for the first
one the first one looks like they're two
votes for this one and two votes for the
first one now we're going to try the
Prince ice cream cone in the half shot
and it tastes like chocolate in the
middle
yeah me next we're going to try these
candied plums blueberry my home I go
there either then what we cover China
see how come it's like blu-ray in the
middle there plums
raisins yeah it's kind of close I don't
know this is my favorite one anybody
else feel the same not their favorite or
yes their favorite oh oh oh no it's not
you guys can't make up your mind that
can I look like you're enjoying it very
much
are you guys planning on swallowing it
next we're gonna try this fun did smell
good yeah what topless it is like yogurt
yogurt this time a white cupcake cupcake
ooh that sounds yummy frosting to do
that's what they look like pulling that
favorite give me your favorite David
yeah it smell really good too Michael
sit up now we're going to try the milky
cream fudge you guys ready to catch one
two three four okay Michael you guys all
caught it looks good oh yeah you found
same thing as me honey it looks like
caramel okay I think family something I
think is calm - mm-hmm that's a good
look at me inside oh nice no it's like
all things on inside are the crunchy
seems crunchy too you try to do be yummy
the last one we're going to try is the
panna cotta this one has something yummy
looking on the inside of it oh my gosh
they're so good now I'm jelly on the top
of them okay now really on the top I
like caramel here
no white chocolate Oh many parts I put
nothing but I'm almost in first grade
why should you know oh you should know
what's inside the food because you're
almost there first grade that is really
good reasoning oh that didn't like it
here's the clue to next month's box if
you think you know what country it's
from let us know what she did you guys
like watching us eat the most leave us a
comment below
they were watching don't forget to
