okay we're going in our room here at
Legoland so this is like the kids area
look at all this detail cute little
Legos everywhere and they've got their
own TV there's a little both on the wall
on that one how do you see it and he's
cool beds but there's a note on your bed
you guys yeah what is it oh it's a
postcard oh cool here you go I'll get
one too cool huh so three kids could
sleep in this area behind us there's
this fun treasure hunt you can do it the
hotel look at that box is so cool look
at the decorations everything is just so
cute there's some Legos to play with
right there and look at the carpet so
cute and then let's look in the bathroom
bathroom
oh my god oh my gosh look at the cute
shower curtain guys so cool this is nice
picture behind the toilet
and some are like the decorations on the
wall pretty nice huh look at that comes
with nice little toiletries - look at
this you guys
I just realized the toilet even has a
toddler seat for babies isn't that so
cute yes I've never been to a hotel that
actually one of those and look at the
countertop it's got pretty colors huh
yeah I like this countertop and it's not
shocking to me mmm good and here is the
big area of the bedroom where the
parents get to sleep super cool
decorations including on the wall even
up on the border everything is totally
Lego Pirates
look at that cute butterfly hell is that
oh that's cute
what do you guys think it's super a
pretty cool room pretty awesome oh are
you gonna sleep right there yeah you're
silly
there's even this cute barrel here on
the side every single thing in this room
is totally detailed and themed ok here
we are opening the box in the private
room and juice
what's the other one Alyssa oh they're
both cute and these awesome magazine
awesome that's a cool treasure hunt
chest isn't it yeah that's activities
that you can do in there mom look at
this it said like a little bit but
what's women's I hope you liked watching
the pilot rope tour thanks for watching
