we have little surprise for the kids
today
come on in guys so Michael man that said
this is the special bed do you know what
that means yeah cuz this is a mommy and
daddy's room right so this is a special
bed then you only get to sleep in it a
couple of different ways so the first
way is on your special night you get to
sleep in our room on the special bed the
other way is maybe if you're sick you'll
sleep in this bed that all you'll be
right next to mommy and daddy we can
watch you or if you have a bad dream and
you come in in the middle of the night
we haven't put asleep what do you think
huh
so should we put a mattress on and
somebody on there yeah okay because he
went on a cruise ship and feel like he
um she died because he never talked to
him yeah she's on a cruise yeah so she's
going back soon though we're gonna open
up the mattress so we can set up this
bed okay I think you guys are gonna like
this because there is a mattress inside
that little box there
unwrap the singing
is it heavy roof down right there
perfect can't sit up in the back in
there happy just like that oh look at
that
oh I can't believe this something so
little not so big those cool isn't it
yeah that was quick and now we're never
gonna be able to put it back in that box
huh
this mattress we picked out for this bed
is from Leila's lucam and it's a
double-sided website is a firm side one
side is in are soft sites you can pick
the size you want to sleep on and it's
also copper and pewter and
that's supposed to be good for your
health and it keeps it cool so you won't
sweat at night so we are excited to try
this out to see how it works
you guys are put in the bed yeah
whoa go David
good job this one Melbourne elastic yeah
I know you guys like to see what we use
for a lot of stuff that we do in our
videos so I'm going to show you the
package for this this is Betty's bedding
and I picked it because I thought it
would look really cute with the red bed
here also the really cool thing about
this wedding is that it's zippered so
once we get it on here I'll show you
guys how it works here is the bed all
nice and maze everybody like the bed
yeah who's gonna sleep in here first
let's John how the Bene work just do you
want to show Melissa yeah
so it's zippered and there it is it's
super soft on the inside look at this
this is like really really soft stuff
who looks silly in it yeah yeah take it
outside Melissa and Michael gzip
yourselves up do it looks good
did you guys see the lights on the bed
the bed here in case you guys didn't
notice is the step to corporate it was
pretty easy to assemble I think right
Matt how long did it take you power an
hour so not too bad here's what the back
of the bed looks like what's really cool
if you ask me I think it looks just like
the car from back here there's one more
thing I forgot that I was going to
mention about the bedding that I really
loved and that is the zippers so there
is a zipper on this out like I already
showed but there's also as it for over
there Chris do you want to show well
there's a zipper on both sides of it and
the reason I love it is because there's
some other super bedding that you can
buy but it doesn't zipper on both sides
and this way no matter which side of the
room your kids bed is on you
and always in fact easily I think that
we're gonna have to do is you guys can
earn your special nights because I can
tell everybody really wants to sleep in
this bed so you can earn your
specialized to sleep in the bed by
helping out by doing chores practicing
the piano and being as good as you
possibly can right what we good I really
like the tired so you look at the tires
I don't think we've got a good view of
those look at those see the red part
underneath what do you know tennis
you're right good job David you're right
oh yeah that's some pretty cool details
on this do you like the bed Michael yeah
is it comfortable I guess that means you
really that's it
