hi everybody welcome to mommy Monday
today we are getting some of the final
touches put on our new house yesterday
we got some of the mirrors but in the
bathrooms and today we're getting
shutters put on our windows and
hopefully in the next week or two and
though enough we will have just about
everything done on this house so we can
show you guys the house tour
cuz you do in your windows
we just got these shutters put in and I
realized that this window was missing
something right there so we're going to
get something add up to that window and
I'll be done and then there's those
windows and there is our current kitchen
table I'm so excited because we're going
to get a kitchen table in here pretty
soon it's going to go right under the
lamp there hopefully by the end of today
I'll have some chairs at my Island they
don't really fit because right now I'm
just using that little hallway chair
looks like they're getting a lot of work
done over there how are you
Martha what are you watching you got on
your favorite videos who's that your
baby in the video Michael yeah who is
that thank you very we go
you silly kid how about you Connor do
you want to see it rid of everyone
I don't think Kona said hi for a little
while
so last week I showed you guys my garage
now I know this looks like it's still a
disaster but oh and by the way here's
David's birthday toy that popped on the
very first use isn't that sad
so I'm totally returning that today
anyway
but look I mean there's some progress
made it's not quite as bad as it was
last week so hopefully by next week's
episode I should do an update on this
garage so that I can show you guys is it
is gonna come along and work eventually
gonna Park two cars in here what what
are you doing you're trying to get away
oh you gotta let mommy help with this
thirsty so we got this chair almost
assembled and we're missing a screw so
Matt went to the hardware store and
Michaels over here doing his best to
help them like fixing things
nickels using a little spray bottle of
water he's cleaning up the floor
okay wipe it up not too much water there
you go you're a good helper
his mommy are these fun toys Michael
loves these a little sticker block toys
you're so cute and I like them because
they're the same toys i played with as a
kid but they're way cooler now you look
at this like turn and stuff cool then i
color your butter too it is dark blue oh
you're right you did make a car
thank you jack one that's cool
yep tell me what you guys did well today
we have 49er Day and we're supposed to
dress like Cowboys and stuff good let's
put another day about the miners and the
gold rush so we are you gonna dress like
the Niners yes and look at theirs unless
not with her best ever belt that we
could never ever outgrow cuz it's so
cute things that I got
first we made this doll out of yarn oh
it's cute
Riga yes I did like you do in a year in
part and your friend helped me tie it
please okay next one is going to be you
got candy oh cool
and we made candles out like we dip them
in wax and we went around in a circle
mighty camel that's okay does father
like a little baby kids pretty bad yes
and let's see so what we got there was a
bunch of gold like on the grass and this
is what they look like
mm-hmm and we had to go and we had like
ten minutes to stake our claim with four
sticks and a like a a rope and then all
the gold that was in our claim we got
the key and use the gold to like get the
drinks and stuff and like to be any
change
yeah yeah kind of like what the miners
did oh so there was a saloon where we
got to like get drinks and stuff like
root beer and the water and I got a
Shirley Temple are you I Love You Man I
got a cherry in it the whole cherries
even better cookies and then we there is
a schoolhouse where we got to like make
other things that that's how I made the
doll and then there's a jailhouse a
photo booth and then there is try your
luck and jinxes a new bag this is
bubblegum gold nuggets oh yes
they're yellow so it's all nuggets of
gum yeah gold that's cool and then at
the end when we did all the games we got
we got to pick a prize so I got a it's
really shiny it's a thing gold Wow look
at that you got falls ball huh mm-hmm
that's cool before we got to do all the
games we got some mind for other go oh
cool and yeah and there's also a
pie-eating contest which is one of my
favorites because it was after all tired
I really like my mhm yes my teachers son
said to be awesome so cool we had to put
our hands behind our back and pally like
get all messy please don't look nothing
else looks like you cleaned up yeah
there is some BBQ lunch which one I'm
gonna get yeah there is BBQ lunch is
good and then there was some dancing at
the end wow that's one super fun it's
really fun David tell me about yours
what did you do today school tip today
we had a school play yeah what did you
do oh we got to do we got to sing and
dance nice did you do a good job yes
hold your favorite part uh call me the
song I like the thumbs too it sounds
you're always event I think so we're
spending some time today trying to
organize the toy room a little bit
because we have not opened the kid's
birthday presents or Christmas presents
even from last year we kind of saved
them because I knew we're moving so
David's got this huge set of Legos cuz I
got a Legoland birthday Christmas and
then this is one of those a can Chris's
birthday presents they got so we're
trying to open them up and organize our
been here well you're gonna be careful
right here trying to set a big umbrella
for school yeah a big umbrella that's
gonna hold the base down because it's
really really heavy and the sounds gonna
keep it down here's our umbrella after
200 pounds of wet sand couple backaches
it looks great I mean look at this thing
it's like huge celebrity big he's moving
all the tiles left over from the
corridor house I'm gonna put camping
gear up there and I'm trying to put
Christmas and managed separately there's
matter here in the garage now we're
trying to organize the disaster so it
will look a little better but before I
go to answering questions for you guys I
need to show you guys some footage I
took earlier in the week we went to
Dancing with the Stars and it was really
awesome so I want to share some of that
with you guys right now we're here at
Dancing with the Stars behind the scenes
look at this
hi
ginger you made it
dance
Oh
Wow
oh sorry
it's engage useful he's a good dancer
yeah my clothes ready okay
we're gonna take it there's a lot
happening right now in the car hey man
we're still sitting working on the car
does everybody
two of our favorite ones was hauling
butt
everybody's really good dancers here
that's it that was awesome that was so
cool we're here it was like everybody
cool from YouTube
okay now for some of your questions
Casey asks what my favorite type of
chips are and I personally used to love
Chloe and Doritos but because I'm
allergic to onion and garlic I can no
longer eat any chips except for the
plain flavor so my current plain flavor
is yes plain Matt sealing Fritos I like
Sun Chips to the plain the original
flavor of Sun Chips those are good Jude
and a couple other people asked how come
in last week's vlog ELISA was not
swimming and that's because the pool is
not very warm right now it's warm now
but last it goes a little bit cold so
she only got in like to her knees and
then she was pretty much done Emily
Flint asks how long Ellis is gonna have
her braces we do have a braces update
video that's going to be posted very
shortly if it's not already up I don't
know what I'm going to do it but soon
and most likely she's looking at at
least another six months because she's
still got some explaining to do in her
jaw and things like that thanks so much
for watching have a great week don't
forget to give us a thumbs up and leave
your comments for next week's episode
bye
