hi everybody
over here a new house we're about to
start gardening we have a garden in our
backyard and we're excited because we
each have our own grow box some other
ones and today we're going to plant
these seed pods we got some miracle girl
good job Caleb do the cucumber next good
job Zach are you doing the tomato's face
it's pretty easy huh guys you guys are
doing a great job it's starting to
sprinkle out here but we're still
gardening yeah you wrote spinach all by
yourself that's a good spot okay go get
your little girl pond everyone fish it
in good dream this is looking great you
guys
Thanks you guys having fun yep right now
the boys are picking weeds if it can
keep planting because we have got this
really nice bird in here Michael's over
here and playing in his Playhouse Esther
rocks but I think he's having fun are
you having fun Michael I knew that was
going to be
I really like all these rocks out here
that's for sure
I know we've got a lot of weeds in here
to take care of I know some big ones so
this is also our backyard we've got some
orange trees back here the kids are just
loving this oh my gosh David smell them
they smell so good
we should eat them big orange giant yard
I think so too this is pretty awesome
these are the little ones here in the
tree so we've got the tree with the big
oranges and we have this little tree
with the cuties in it
it sure is this is a horse avocado tree
the time to go eat some of these oranges
yeah I think so too
