hey guys welcome to mommy Monday today
is our moving day in case you're
wondering for my voice I've been sick
all week I got something at my brother's
wedding last week or right around there
and I've just been bad
so anyway part of my horrible voice
today but today's the big day I'm going
to kind of wake up the kids right now
because the twins at least are still
asleep kind of starting to get up oh you
surprised me boy
and then Michael's asleep I believe for
sure and Alyssa David are at school
there's my little Michael here's the
house all boxed up except for couple
things we couldn't really get in the
boxes but I'm not looking forward to
unpacking now that's for sure
hey guys off slight curses like a
knapsack army good moving because what
we got flowers to give your teacher do
you want to get dressed we can go do it
I'm gonna go check on the progress
downstairs the only bad thing is it's
totally raining today who wants to move
in the rain definitely not me really
now they both found a chair hopefully
this keeps them entertained for a long
time today
maybe I should try that it looks kind of
fun guy try picture okay okay oh gosh oh
gosh oh gosh we're done this is not my
kind of ride
quick quick quick it's raining right
have a good day at school and when you
give your teacher doesn't lose a little
bit it means from the inside see game
you're a great big hug okay okay but
first give me a hug hug me hug me there
we go love you guys I do we have a show
where we live from the outside very much
so I'm going to show you guys our
neighborhood because it's a really
pretty neighborhood I always kind of
like driving to my house
everyone takes nice care of their yard
so here's the old neighborhood they were
saying goodbye to me Michael finally
woke up
thank you
what time is it it's like 11:00
something yeah he's my little late
sleeper isn't he oh you want to or you
wash oh and oh yeah here's a cute baby
it's hard to say w-well this is exciting
we just had a power outage I was in the
garage and I heard a little noise and
then all the power went off so I'm
hoping it goes back on it's not super
dark but it's a little cloudy today but
I'm just thinking about tonight trying
to unpack if there's no power that's not
going to be good to my kid
oh he's gonna eat it separately after
all
whoa was a monster
this lunchable and his dream came from
one of our fans they came to our house
yesterday and they run to us they sure
did it was super nice yep they're moving
the piano I have to go lager go on you
might pick the child ones you know
taking care of the baby here is part of
our entire house okay ready
sissies under the bridge
and raise it with me
and going back to the piano area I
wanted inside a lot
those are my petals getting wrapped up
right there this thing over here coming
along there goes the leg but it should I
lighten up this no we're just need a
couple of straps overall don't drop it
that hole is so convenient I having a
good cheering are you excited to move
Michael yeah yeah what would you have a
ball there's a couple little toys up job
it's an eye ball
yeah it is all little things under the
couch are pretty cool yep that one's
white
Christine's got all the important stuff
I do I've got my phone in my lotion my
purse in my computer it's all I need
except for my kids of course and you
thanks
but yeah carry the good stuff I just got
a listen David from school and I'm going
to take them home and jump on the house
looks and I'm thinking we're gonna be
all ready to the new house by like four
o'clock it's around 3:30 right now so
pretty soon I'm excited because I
haven't actually seen the house with
carpet or even with the tile flooring
yet so shipping it empty in here
Alissa's nice friend came over to say
goodbye you're gonna miss her yeah yeah
empty home buddy hey the good thing is
it finally stopped raining
it was raining earlier well there's the
couch this room right here is one of the
reasons that we got this house because
this is huge area we could use for
playing and then let's look in the kids
rooms one last time here's a listen
David's room and here's the room for
Zach and Chris
and let's go over and look at my room
here's my room we're still kind of
filling up our wardrobe boxes but look
at that it's sunny I'm so happy oh my
gosh Michaels a little bit sad Michael
are you sad are you sad because we're
moving yeah you're gonna like our new
house so you're gonna have your own room
it's gonna be fun huh can you be happy
now yeah cute little baby
he's also sure about all this moving
stuff well the house is empty and we are
on the way to the new house check it out
everything's gone we got to our new
house and my sister's brought us over
food it seriously tastes so good I'm
trying to sign up it's because I'm super
hungry or because it's just is like the
best soup ever it's really good I didn't
make
nanni waited that's right like reddit
those will be good to you excited yeah
hey Danny's gonna come in a minute you
guys having fun so you're sitting oh
you're taking a video of me they're
sitting inside the Ottoman colors like
made herself at home do you mean she's
probably so happy to have carpet to say
fun again I'm gonna answer some of the
questions you guys submitted on last
week's episode well I'm sitting here at
the old house just in case it's too dark
tonight when I get to the new house so
the first one comes from Barra and that
person asks why Heather lives with us
and the answer is because we wanted to
we just thought it would be nice to
invite her to live with us so she could
help us out with a kid then she could
hang out with us and have fun
we were always inviting her over and
we're begging her to spend the night so
finally were like just move in with us
and when we were moving far away from my
parents she was sold in with my parents
and she knew she'd really missed the
kids so we invited her to move with us
and she wanted to move obviously because
we're cool then equipment
how long has Matt and I had been married
and we have been married for 11 years
Ava Campbell asks if the boys have an
Instagram account no they do not
so I have an Instagram
I am family fun back matt has an
Instagram he's daddy fun back alyssa has
it as the ground horses Alyssa fun
packed and the boys do not have
Instagram at some point the boys will go
to Instagram but right now and they do
not have one hey right don't do that
sorry
are you recording okay anyway guys we're
almost done with the move but not quite
it's getting late so we're gonna say
good night to you guys but hopefully you
enjoy watching us today with this
awesome move to our new house yes room
tours are coming soon House tours are
coming soon what else
I've been up way longer than she knows
it's true anyway leave us a thumbs up
don't forget to leave us your questions
for next week's episode thanks for
watching
Oh
