hi guys welcome to mommy Monday guess
flat today is my brother's buddy yeah
a really beautiful day today channel
saying that I love you has quickly
become a very big understand
I never knew has ever cost will love
something this much much that you show
I've had multiple conversations with her
that I wish that I could find a word
that's deeper than love to tell her that
I feel
I feel like sometimes love doesn't quite
cut it
almost making laugh
sipping and they carry
ladies and gentlemen may I present to
you for the first time mr. and mrs.
Stephens
oh my gosh where's your tooth everyone's
looking for the two
oh my god
Heidi there is is too late I'll do the
fine yeah there it is it was the grass
good job start the show for finding the
tooth right there you guys now
Oh
only one person gets it morning okay I
got it
that do you know what that means it
means you're going to get married next
I guess we're done with the wedding it
was an awesome day we're so glad to have
a new sister-in-law in the family I had
a great time did you guys have fun
everybody yeah yeah everybody had a
really good time we are stuck wait so
much food it's the anyway we're gonna
answer a couple questions that you guys
submitted um the first one comes from a
lot of people who ask what the kids want
to be when they grow up so you guys want
to answer that
what do you guys want I'm not a normal
person okay and Chris a water fighter a
war fighter and David and Alyssa a
zookeeper um probably an arts hater or a
music teacher good hey Michael I don't
think could really answer that question
yet the next question is what Star Wars
character is the kid's favorite - drops
small
hello mutters - Luke Skywalker
David Alyssa good Michael who's your
favorite Star Wars character I can't
believe he said that apparently he likes
the ugly poopoo puppy now go figure
anyway you guys um thanks so much for
watching but there's a couple things I
wanted to talk about real fast before we
finished the episode number one if you
want to get your question answered
please don't be mad if we haven't
answered it because we get so many
questions every single week it's really
hard for us to answer them all so we do
try to pick a couple you know two or
three every week as far as that goes we
are starting a new thing on Facebook and
Twitter and that's family fun facts so
you can ask questions there and we're
going to answer a question like a couple
times a week
also if you ask a question that we have
previously answered I won't answer the
same question twice so be sure you've
you know watched all the mommy Monday
episodes that I put out if you can so
you know what questions not to ask um
the other thing was let me look here oh
if you guys want to know things about
the kids like their ages and their names
and things like that
that
is found in the description box of every
single video and it's also in the About
section on our channel we also have a
new series we're starting called fan art
Friday so if you guys want to
participate in that just draw a picture
of us and submit it to our email or you
can put it on Facebook if you want to
post it on our Facebook page that's fine
too
anyway fan art Friday is going to
feature a piece of artwork done by the
fans every single week on Fridays and in
case you're wondering our email is asked
Family Fun Pack at gmail.com anyway
there's a lot of ways for you guys to be
in contact with us and to participate in
all the fun things since we have fan
hour Friday and we have the family fun
packs but don't be discouraged if we
don't answer your question because I
will definitely try to answer as many as
we can and also do keep in mind there
are some things we just don't want to
talk about so anyway have a great rest
of your week
thanks so much for watching don't forget
to leave us a thumbs up bye
