hi guys it's time for universal young
here's everything that came in this
month's box do you guys wanna answer our
trivia question yeah okay here's one
instead of using Tomatoes as the main
ingredient in their ketchup filipinos
use plums mangoes old coconuts or
bananas old coconuts
mangoes that Venus what do you think
Zack you guys both guessed it right he's
acting Chris they use bananas yeah I
know I kind of wonder what it would
taste like first we're going to try
these you like Melissa Oh
Michael doesn't mind a little spicier
than the salt vinegar tips I'm used to
yank on kick around Connie watch next
we're going to try the pandan cake what
does it taste like oh it definitely
tastes like cake
yeah here's the next one we're gonna try
it looks kind of like it could be a Ritz
cracker with lemon in the middle looks
really good you guys like it yeah he's
like lemon it does it's pretty good
here's what they look like up close and
they do taste really good they're
definitely sweet and salty next is this
one
looking fun so good yeah I think it
tastes really good
if cookies blend like that now we're
going to try a different variety of the
same kind of short run it's so pretty in
purple hmm I love kids I thought it was
good girls well is really good it's like
a wrong with you
it keeps so good next we're gonna try
these here's what it looks like on the
inside what do you guys think super good
it's a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup the
cutter does actually now that you say
that this is the next one and it looks
like it's gonna be really good it tastes
pretty good too I think nice and soft
huh like this one a lot please does
anybody have a favorite so far
did you have the one we just tried
hopping around that was really good like
what the cookies and cream one already
next is this one yeah yeah love corn
here's what these ones look like a
garlic on some out this is my new friend
Holly does touch that form present it's
really good
so here me Michael yeah Michael's not
always is willing to try different foods
as the kids are we have one more salty
snack to try
I love these I'm exciting they're really
funny and saltines by stairs yeah oh hi
girls the heat picks up after you try go
down yeah
like a first there just tastes like corn
nuts but then as you eat it a it gets
more spicy sweet spicy name really fire
now we're gonna try this candy it says
the kids in the Philippines uses and
they put them on their lips to do like a
pretend lipstick and like Chris is doing
right now how your lips look let me see
Chris show me
nice now we're gonna try this candy
aisle all right I don't like it you know
that tastes like to me a little bit guys
a cough drop a little bit like medicine
but kind of good stuff okay who likes
that one so you guys like this you guys
didn't like it so much it was a figure
silly here's the clue the next month's
box if you think you know what country
it comes from leave us a comment and let
us know
