hi guys welcome to mommy Monday we are
on the way to another YouTube conference
we're really excited because it's
actually a charity event that we're
attending but it's going to be pretty
fun because they're live-streaming and
we're going to see a couple of other of
our YouTube friends there but while I
have you guys at my mercy since we're
driving if there's nothing else to say
about me I want to tell you guys that
we're going to be doing merchandise so I
think it's exciting because then come up
with some really cool designs for you
guys but I want your opinion because I
want you guys to get what you guys like
we've had a lot of people asking if they
could buy a shirt so anyway we're going
to put a poll and we want you guys to
take the poll I'm going to put it in the
description box so click on it and tell
me what you guys want because let me
know what you guys want we're going to
make it and you guys get it we're here
yeah
this huge that like the tallest palm
tree you've ever seen
yeah that I never yeah okay we're going
to walk in here got some heavy security
going on
many white people magnet
learning from my kindergartner this is
good
yeah
how I knew
the world
how are you guys
all right so nothing
but those were soft
what Isaac how old are you six six and
I'm gonna go out on a limb and say that
you're six - what is your name sir Paris
and I always always always always like I
mean they live their life on camera you
guys record every single day's in that
right we do we upload every single day
that is that's quite a tall order thanks
guys
you girl
did you wake up they fell asleep in the
car come on let's go to bed did you have
a fun night yeah good it was pretty
awesome alright a little bit tired
there's
the popcorn stuck in your neck yeah can
we help you
Suzie or anyone who goes hmm
let's eat some food we're gonna help
wash it down okay okay
to it all up and small okay okay okay
everybody's in bed we're good and I have
one more thing I have to show you guys
and it's really cool
don't mind how tired I look by the way
okay it's this beauty right here if you
watch a lot of YouTube you might know
what's in this so this is the whole play
button hey this thing's heavy too it is
seriously huge there it isn't good
person the mat shall we weigh it we
should go get this scale when the thing
came on the porch I could barely lift it
in to bring it in my house I mean it was
really heavy let me check that out now
we're at what 2.3 million subscribers
here's the letter that came with it okay
here we go we're going to see how much
this gold play button weighs 30 pounds I
wonder I could barely lift it off the
porch Michael's still awake so I want to
see how this thing compares to Michael
the funny thing is this thing is so big
and awkward I like can't even pick it up
you cannot pick it up with one hand
Michael see how much you weigh I'm gonna
guess Michael weighs a little bit more
than the gold play button though Oh
barely
whoo Michael's 32 pounds so the thing
weighs basically about as much as
Michael who's two and who has bound
energy after midnight Michael taller
though look at that box Michael it's
almost as big of you oh I'm gonna answer
a couple questions submitted by you guys
I'm gonna go fast and pick short
questions this week because I'm like
super tired in case you couldn't tell I
mean it's late fellow the makeup
princess asks if the kids are allergic
to anything and thank goodness none of
my kids have any allergies yet
Alexis Chavez asks if we caught that
giant lizard from the video we posted a
couple weeks ago about the giant lizard
and the answer is no we did not
we've seen it running around the
backyard but we decided that it's
probably best that that big lizard just
kind of lives outside and has a good
life Sarah Minter asks if Matt likes
football now I'm gonna let him answer
this question but I already want to tell
you that okay I actually played football
oh yes so I don't like it I follow
college football don't have time to
watch the AFL but I do those writers
thanks so much for watching guys don't
forget to give us a thumbs up on the
video and submit your questions for next
week's episode have a great week
Oh
