hi guys it's window open female hey we
got so many packages are you guys like
it myself
yeah ila who lives in England
oh you guys are getting spoiled with
treats today this comes from Avalon look
here at this name thank you
oh those are cute yes please
and these aliens are cool you guys look
at me and mommy can be matching that so
cute and look Alyssa it says that their
daughter mackynzie really really liked
it so show me this picture fourth
bracelet she says that paddleballs for
michael so no you could teach him how to
do it it's okay yeah look at the book
this looks like a nice book Alyssa yes
but look at all car there's another car
look at this he likes of you like it
what else is in there
this comes from Rylan where I listen all
the kids some clothes which is really
nice oh my god that my godthis it's
yours that's gonna be so cute look
there's matching pants for a super cute
what do you guys say to Rylan I know you
love alright in there this comes from
Germany you guys ooh you guys love that
kind of stuff
they sent you guys some heart they've
done yeah it's good isn't it color eat
yeah they made this it's cool huh oh
Wow you're having a lot of fun with this
shocking stuff boo shopkins Wow each one
of these boxes comes with the postcard
that says where it's from and this box
came from Minneapolis we just spent
quite a while opening up all of the
letters and cards you guys all sent us
so now I'm going to show you guys some
of these the kids really like going over
all of these I like that envelope I
really look like that would be just
second is a ambient here and I really
like Kelvin cuz it so that favorite it
all away there's so many cool things
your face yeah yours I like that one too
that one's cute alright especially like
this this is so sweet of you to send us
that look at that
what I like all these coloring pictures
for the kids yeah I really like Darius
George because he all cool movie because
he rested all the toilet paper we also
got this nice postcard from Morocco I
like how she's wearing a justice outfit
like me mm-hmm
we have the best man ever yeah in case
any of you guys were wondering we keep
all the fan mail that we get here some
of the letters and hit here the whole
box of them
Oh
