hey everybody welcome to mommy Monday
today we've got a really fun day plan
because we're taking our kids to our
ranch it does smell like animals do you
like that smell oh good me too so I was
like hey what Michael oh do animals
smell like chocolate to you Michael just
yelled this is my favorite place look at
school guys guess what mommy and daddy
you bros these horses yeah a long time
ago we came here we rode horses look up
friendly this one is
yes we did I don't remember
look there's even some way back there up
on the mountains there's a lot of horses
here back so is fine Maximus let's see
fury spawns oh wow
this is a salt block that's cool
looking at Michael he's looking a salt
block you see that look at this one he
didn't get salt blocks here look how
cute that one realized you were short no
one to come down and say hi me too
hey who said you could lick our stroller
what's that we got slower there and
there you know something about my
stroller is interesting typically not
you're slower than that
he's no good do you smell the baby do
you see the horse he says you're next
Michael alright we're coming in here to
get some helmets nice see if it fits all
right you guys look cool in these kind
of you're gonna stay with teenie because
you're a little too small to go okay
okay so we're off we're about to get in
this six passenger off-road vehicle it's
gonna be cool okay I'm a really good
driver
right um maybe we should tell the story
about me almost like this side of the
freeway
no that's not true he distracted me
while I was driving on a really crazy
curve and I almost touched it but I did
it because obviously we're still here
selves right she's a great driver
this is gonna be fun
oh hi all the sudden
we're going on a hike my kids are like
obsessed with taking their own videos
introduced a political trial is all over
the camera
so where we just were they film Jurassic
world the most recent one there so that
was pretty cool because we actually just
saw that movie so we got to see where
with films look at this we're going so
fast
this is like the best thing you've done
so far huh guys look at that
those are trying
they already want to go again Zach just
fell and he dropped his camera and
almost broke it even though it
supposedly dropped her if this whole
metal thing just came off but it looks
like it's just glued on so I pushed it
back on we're gonna go get him a
band-aid
alrighty I've got a bunch of band-aids
and some triple-a and how they're too
exact over to wash him off poor thing
he's just walking along and that tree
root was really sticking up he did not
see it there we go Angie he's fixing it
with a band-aid all better right Zach
all better
nice cheeks
got dirt everywhere look at this sweet
little baby he's peddling his pineapple
blanket and he's wearing his adorable
little onesie it's got pineapples and
palm trees and low prices we got some
pineapple cotton candy okay oh you're
right I both have a pineapple in our
house we're just eating lunch we've got
a little break before we're going on
next to her oh he wants something
that's cool this is the formula for a
club so this is where they filmed
Jurassic world where they had the
dinosaurs in the big enclosure so if
you've seen the movie you can go inside
then you will totally recognize this so
cool oh you're right
Wow isn't this crazy like being inside
where all that was filmed that's so cool
we're going up to the observatory Wow
cool right there we are looking out the
windows this is the helicopter still
left here from when they filmed Kong
these are all places they fill own
movies and TV shows
I think it's cool tree it's so big can
you hang on that you got it
you're strong Chris lucky do something
nice to meet you want one I'll give you
a handshake whoa we're getting spoiled
from Andy Wow
this is the famous tree from Jurassic
Park said of course in this beautiful
backdrop so we're on a tour right now
it's like a behind-the-scenes tour that
shows all the different places where
different movies were filmed it's really
interesting
this is Godzilla's footprint
these are pretty big aren't they
we're on top of the mountain now and
we're heading into this okay so we're on
the top of the mountain we're heading
into a bunker it's actually a bunker
that was used during World War two
and they also used it during the missile
threats
it happened in January here so they had
over 400 people that were able to safely
hide in here they have seal doors super
safe we should have gone there we didn't
know about it but anyway let's go check
it out - looks like they've kinda turned
it into a museum now huh Hawaii five-o
stuff this is descent where they film
some of the scenes pretty cool this is a
list of all the TV productions so far I
think is Vince more oh they have Biggest
Loser here that's cool and then the
films that were filmed here this is
pretty cool no they're just pretend
these are all things they use for movies
there's the tree we just took a picture
by organize that
then there's this coal we just took a
picture by
oh wow look at that
and it would be a great time to stop and
play soccer I think this is daddy
we stopped for dinner and we were
looking at this burger place but it's
like super crowded so I think we're
gonna end up at Subway you guys love
your meatball sandwiches
we get to footlongs and then we divided
by thirds to the each get two thirds
everybody hold hands on the street there
we go - baby oh you and daddy to carry
you - oh so nice
what's up Michael's nickname is love
because he's such a lover we're driving
home and it started raining
well we're home now we're gonna answer
some questions for you guys but first I
want to let you know that we're gonna be
adding one thing to our mommy Monday
video we're gonna be posting pictures of
you guys and featuring a fan every week
so if you have bought our merchandise if
you purchased a Kona or Hana dog or if
you've gotten a shirt or if you've
gotten like a sticker like somebody
posted a picture recently on our
Facebook page a has put the Family Fun
Pack sticker on their laptop so if you
have any of our merchandise take a
picture of yourself with it and we're
gonna feature you in our mommy Monday
video you might be wondering where
you're supposed to submit the pictures
that could be useful information so you
can put them on our Facebook page that's
gonna be the number one way that I'll
see them the second way is you can
submit them on our business inquiries
email did you guys have a fun day today
yeah I had a really good day today has
such a fun fun time with you guys okay
the first question comes from Logan who
wants to know is Elissa or David taller
yet let's measure and also is Zachary
Chris Keller
so Elissa is a little taller Zach and
Chris say my Kalia wants to know what is
your least favorite food David hates
Peas okay what did you say Zach mustard
Chris coconuts Alissa okay Michael what
do you not like
okay black meat by the way is hamburger
the next question comes from Maddie who
wants to know what two words would you
use to describe Owen cute and chubby for
Zack and Alyssa Yankee yeah she's over
here drinking his bottle okay David what
would you use to describe okay Michael
how would you describe Owen soft and
handsome and what and loving
and laughing and smiling there's a lot
of things to describe Ellen Lizzy wants
to know what's your favorite thing about
your great-grandma yeah she calls
herself 97 years young I loved it when
we took her to Disneyland that was a
really good memory grown travel wants to
know what's your favorite Star Trek
character the captain in case you guys
are wondering grown travel is my sister
mother is YouTube Jew Michael do you
have a favorite character do you have a
favorite character oh he kisses her and
she's right there he's gonna hurt her
congratulations for this week's fans of
the week you found a hidden pineapple
check out all the cool stuff we have for
sale on our new website
were you able to find the hidden
pineapple in today's video if you did be
sure to leave a comment with the hashtag
hidden pineapple so we can choose you
for fan of the week
