we're walking along here in Park City
Utah and we came across this very
interesting shoe tree there's like
hundreds of pairs of shoes in this tree
yeah let's keep looking at this
interesting - oh look some cute little
class
here's better look at some of these
shoes and miss you tree oh you guys are
making a bridge I don't know if this
will work but not this way
there's him still in a bridge over here
come here you guys
the cough it's really pretty here are
you a monster oh wow that's definitely a
strong stick for your bridge but you're
going to need like ten of those it is so
cold out here it probably doesn't look
cold but trust me it's freezing it's
like in the 20s or 30s here Fahrenheit
which for a lot of you guys doesn't
sound cold but for us being from
California I'm like freezing to death
but there's my kids over here still
trying to build a bridge across this
little river are you guys having some
good progress
guys I don't think we're going to
successfully make a bridge right now
so let's just go this way okay I think
we're done we have other things to
explore anyway what okay
there goes Alyssa tempting fate okay
okay I guess I was wrong the kids
successfully made a little bridge okay
I'm going to go this way though cuz it's
more safe anyway I'm not crossing that
River okay
yeah back to this way this is the safe
way oh you're like walking in the snow
yeah I am look it even says shoe tree
front and just like that we're back off
the trail and back into the shopping
stuff there's a lot of interesting cool
stuff who came across this huge random
pipe of some sort it's painted like a
snake cool I have no idea what this is
it could just be a random decoration but
who knows either way it looks pretty
cool though but let's tell you guys the
view look at this pretty view up here
right over the people skiing up there
there's a ski lift working hopefully you
guys enjoyed this little snippet of our
day in Park City today but we have a lot
more stuff coming for you guys so stay
tuned
