so I was taking a shower I'm still in my
towel and I came out and saw that
Michael had helped make a little
disaster all over my bedroom floor so
this is the confetti stuff that Alissa
got in her justice box that she recently
opened and it is just literally spread
everywhere it's in the laundry over here
all over the floor we're packing we're
trying to get ready for a trip right now
they're just a member there some of it
there I mean it's just like literally
all over and it is even there's a lot of
luggage it's over here dress them over
there it's all downstairs oh yeah
they're more down there it's pretty much
everywhere around the entire house
there's even confetti outside my door on
my balcony so I'm Michael have fun um I
think he's gonna help me clean this one
up
hopefully II Michael did you get into my
stuff yeah let me see in a minute right
is it fun to play with this messy stuff
can you guys help me clean it up let's
put it in the box sure kids fit all in
the box okay Michael is good helping
Michael thank you that's the way to sing
your mess
yep working on your mess my pack is a
blob
you
