so grandma the kids have a channel it's
not on the TV it's in the computer it's
on the Internet oh my god
and people all over the world they can
watch the kids on the team on the
internet through a computer you're
famous prices on the TV you gotta say
yeah so we have all these videos grandma
and we have 2 million subscribers to our
channel how do I subscribe well you've
got to get on the internet first this
crazy old lady we have 4 billion page
views on our channel and it's growing
every billion yes all over the whole
world five hundred and sixty million
people watch these kids right here every
month
oh my word I can't complete conceive of
that crazy Christina was it called
what's the name of family fun hack
family but the AC or B ACK uh-huh no but
I had stars
all we're gonna stop teaching piano
anymore
I'm not know what you know oh look I
teach these kids I'm gonna be at the end
once won't let me quickly feel them
coming
yes
you are worldwide famous my gosh girl
but I'm your granddaughter boy and you
have a smart mom here and a smart dad
here
oh are you lucky boy you are world
famous now you all know how to drive
cars in your only 4 going on 5 how old
is this one - Michael you're gonna be
husband Michael he's a real blonde
yes he's got very light hair how do you
subscribe right you want to subscribe we
would love it if you subscribed um you
have to subscribe you have to go on your
computer and click the little red button
that says subscribe
you got to click the button when you go
on the internet you have to be on the
Internet just tell you to do that for me
no you got to do it or I can help you to
go on the Internet
stairs on a boat he's not a Christian
there Wow gosh you could have been a
tunnel in the bottom down there and have
him go on more tractor
grandpa's got ideas look at this no does
that work
YouTube it's been a legit the neighbors
like oh oh oh do you like your nature I
know it looks great on you look I got
you these flowers too oh my goodness
those are for you to make your house
look pretty dude unless where's your
other shirt did you put in your room
already I'm here
let's get grandma's other shirt here
I'll take a little picture hey ready
smile had cute
I thought it looked just like your style
so we got this cute flower shirt for
Grandma look yeah it matches your pants
perfect look grandma this is all for you
this is your candy bar how are you oh
hey girl
all for you I wanted just one I know but
you know what when you have one you
gotta have more than one
my girl for you
and this is your drink don't forget you
have to drink it all in like one day
yeah oh you're welcome
here's your trash bags is your apples
your bananas oh okay yes so use these
trash bags okay you got to use all now
eat your chocolate bars and have fun
okay and we'll be back to visit you in a
week oh come on
give me a hug you are good what you
doing
no we got to go we'll come back here it
is this is a video of us so you can wave
say hi hi Tara behind oh my gosh it is a
video and that cool wow that's us this
is gonna be a video I'm gonna put on our
YouTube channel
oh okay Beauty famous grandma oh man is
is someone god I never been there you go
are you behind the rock rely doll I love
you she's famous she's gonna be
worldwide famous yeah
