hi everybody welcome to mommy Monday
today is my big day if you've been
following me on social media Twitter
Facebook or Instagram
I've been talking about today for like a
month it's Kobe Bryant's last game as a
Laker and we got tickets to the game so
we're like ready to go even Michaels
just all cute even though he's not going
with us I'm going to show you guys how
cute he looks though look at you you
look so cute are you gonna have fun here
with hehe all day yeah he's gonna get
the kids from school and take care of
him all day there we go he's a boy to
have you bye bye I love you we're all
the way to the Lakers game look there's
no kids
but first we're going to stop by our new
house because we're going to check the
progress of our kitchen cabinets this is
our Comment living singing
we made it it took us like 45 minutes
just to find parking
but we're here in downtown LA
and here we go we're walking across the
street and guess what there's a stable
Center right there oh my gosh are you
freaking out of it I'm excited but I'm
not freaking out
okay well I'm freaking out because I'm
really excited this is the first
basketball community since we're men
yeah you guys our first date was
actually to a basketball game so this is
cool we found this place to eat and we
sat down and got our drinks but people
wouldn't give me the ingredients listed
in my food and I have a lot of food
allergies so we're leaving and we're
finding somewhere else to eat in case
you're wondering what my allergies are
I'm allergic to onion and garlic as well
as well we ended up at corner bakery and
super-good and they're really good about
allergies here yeah I'm actually doing a
raspberry al this is outside the game
there's this big pregame party
I'm about to sign Kobe's wall
camera
I'm debating if I should where they have
been I stole from Elizabeth morning it
does
looks good to me highway
okay right okay now you guys have to
notice my Lakers earring they're there
and my fingernails
purple and yellow nails - Rochelle in
line it's been like a dog were in the
parliament
there's Jessica
they fill not because they're Christians
vff 20 years everybody screaming a
basketball over the last night no pass
yeah we make my office's been to
announce and I think the most important
parts that we all stay together
a die hard I mean die hard
about every play I've ever played so to
be drafted and then traded to this
organization to spend 20 years here I
mean
everywhere
oh that's Lamar Odom right behind me
right now and it was like seriously
awesome it's been Audrina wanted to go
see Kobe Bryant play in real life I have
just loved him as a basketball player
ever since I knew that he was on the
Lakers which was when he was first
drafted and I've just been a huge Lakers
fan my whole life so going to this game
was super awesome I hope you guys like
watching us at the game because I'll
never ever forget going to this game so
Kobe ended up scoring 60 points they
came from behind in the fourth quarter
and won
so the game wish is seriously awesome
welcome I can't stand fake for like both
in shock and awe apparently except two
who are going to watch next year for go
to Lake I know just like nobody good
no offense other Laker players trying to
be spending your money Lakers
seriously I am going to try to answer
some questions that you guys submitted
on last week's episode as soon as I get
to my car because it's a little bit
chaotic in here and honestly I can
barely even hear because the game was so
loud I still filled out my first
question comes from Megan Boniface who
asks what my reaction was when I thought
I was having twins and I found out I was
having twins at about 8 weeks into my
pregnancy and I was extremely excited I
obviously had no clue how difficult the
pregnancy was going to be but I mean I
was just jumping for joy because I was
completely shocked to find out that I
was having twins a couple of you guys
also asked if Elissa has her own
Instagram account and the answer is yes
she does so you can find her at Elissa
fun pack on Instagram the next most
asked question on last week's mommy
Monday episode is what was in the golden
egg that Alyssa got and I'm just kicking
myself for not showing you guys in the
video what was in the egg but it was
just candy she got nerds inside the egg
so nothing super exciting I know just
candy but anyway thanks so much for
watching thanks for going to this game
with us hopefully you guys enjoyed
today's episode I had a super fun day
today I'm excited though to go home
let's eat the kids hopefully they're
asleep because it is pretty late right
now and I'll see you guys next week
don't forget to leave me your questions
for next week's episode give me a thumbs
up bye
