hi guys welcome to mommy Monday we are
on the way to my parents new house they
just moved down by us and we are
actually going to be celebrating Easter
with them
we waited just a little bit to celebrate
Easter that we could do it together as a
family because we knew my parents were
moving so we're pretty excited the kids
are just overjoyed to have their
grandparents Niram again bring the
ribbon both the docs know we're here
what is it Michael a big surprise egg
that's nice that mystery flavor we're
gonna have to try those out oh it looks
good it just cause Mike tonight yeah
Michael doesn't even realize he's
sitting by a big chocolate look at all
the warheads I got zach has a surprise
to show everybody and nanny and Papa
don't know yet
yeah what oh my gosh what happened look
how cute those little tiny tooth is of
zags what happen I'm sleeping in and I'm
virtue for right here my left top 200
entry
and then I drag it out a minute but I
lost and swallow it so I took it out
super did you have is it the end cute
and yellow and why am blue was our cue
turns so this is my parents new house
they're still moving in but it's looking
pretty good
everybody grab your Easter baskets and
we're gonna go out into an Easter egg
hunt
okay all the kids got their baskets and
went to go to the Easter egg hunt and
Michael's just here having fun eating
candy you're gonna go look on the grass
for a walk
oh good job Baker I don't know they're
just a little bit different
do you see anymore Michael
let me see
Wow they've missed one good job there is
yes there is definitely a golden egg
ELISA found the golden egg yeah look at
that that's okay she found it good job
big part of it is it really yeah oh my
gosh you're right
can you see if there's any eggs in it
I'll click up and see here's the bird's
nest today
look at that there's over dado all right
yeah they're from morning does
you found it
good job Michael mommy I'll get that for
you
there you go oh no that's not good my
fighter I'll do a little fighter it's
okay just don't touch the spider let's
go inside and we'll see lows inside your
eggs okay I think it's probably candy oh
there any roses those are adorable
these are Arundale capsules from frozen
look at these guys they're jellybeans
covered in nerds I can't wait to see
what these taste like I've never even
heard of them before we're gonna do our
taste test now with the peeps oh we have
mystery flavor one mystery flavor too
and mystery flavor three oh yeah what do
you guys think it is
I kind of bag kind of learn more it's a
little bit chocolatey or white chocolate
what do you guys think
that smells like chocolate but it does
you're right it tastes kind of plain
this is number two taste it what do you
guys think what do you guys think my
mom's favorite jelly bean that's what I
think - it tastes like buttered popcorn
mmm it's all good - good huh yeah what
flavor it is it's fruity right fruity
and sweet like Salim a little sour ish
it's good it's good
maybe it's blue raspberry yeah yeah you
guys don't like different flavors we got
this world's largest little chocolate
bunny thing I guess I shouldn't call it
little because it's pretty big because I
really cut this thing it's actually
pretty thick oh it is solid coach
solid chocolate
it tastes good you guys the kids your
internet fun with Papa showing him how
little iPads work the other kids and
that everybody's having fun I'm gonna
head outside and I'm gonna answer some
questions the first question comes from
Alex David who asks if we ever plan on
visiting Six Flags Magic Mountain or
Knott's Berry Farm and yes we do I think
it sounds really fun I've been to
Knott's Berry Farm when I was a kid and
we've been to Six Flags a couple times
so I think we definitely do plan on
going there in the future the next
question comes from George you who asks
if we have a snapchat and we do have a
snapchat it's Family Fun Pack so that's
that's my little yellow guy that moves
all around on snapchat is a little
picture of Michael at least for now and
I try to snap as often as I can on there
Brent Mork asks what state you live in
and how to send fan mail we live in
California and I'm going to show you
guys really fast how to find our fan
mail address because it's located in the
About section and I think some people
have a little bit of trouble finding the
About section on our channel thanks
everybody for watching this week's
episode of mommy Monday don't forget to
leave your questions for next week's
episode give us a thumbs up and have a
nice day
you
