oh yeah this is cool lollipop candy a
lot of fun stuff in here Oh another row
whew that's gonna call David you want to
pick the first thing for us to try okay
they're dark chocolate he's pretty good
huh
they're super light and flaky Alissa is
gonna pick the next one good choice
buckle so they're cheesy yeah Michael
really like these cheese puffs Chris is
gonna pick the next one out please yeah
hey all right
oh it's caramel I love caramel yeah me
too is it crunchy yeah look you're
supposed to suck up Oh suck going on you
guys hey this is something the hard
shops on the outside for as long as
possible because you buy on the inside
the texture changes and becomes chewy
sweet firmly Zac is picking next oh this
is bubble gum with tattoos on the inside
there's what the gum looks like inside
the wrapper here's a tattoo that was
inside the wrapper I think we got it Hey
look at that
there's your tattoo I'm making a rare
exception letting them try this gum how
is it guys oh shoot it's chewy that's
for sure that's cute
please swallow them no we don't swallow
gum gum and something you just chew and
then when you're done you spit it out
you don't swallow it
it's really really sweet nice here's
what we're gonna try next yeah this
doesn't have milk in it and it's really
good it's got nuts in it too that is
good it's super good next we're gonna
try this one I think this one has cute
packaging pretty good here's what they
look like up close it definitely tastes
like lemon meringue pie I think it's
really good
next we're gonna try this they're good
on things they're really soft huh yeah
yeah like the other is really good yeah
next we're gonna try this one they even
have jokes on the inside but
unfortunately we can't speak French so
anybody wants to tell us this joke leave
us a comment and tell us what it says
but it kind of hard
hey it's really good really sweet I got
my two bangle hmm our X we're gonna try
these mini Madeline's traditional French
sponge cakes it looks like that bowl
very cute well you see the whole thing
in one bite haha you guys like him next
we're gonna try these minutes you open
them on the back here like that
there they are I never see not miss miss
tiny it looks like a tic tac does did it
taste good yeah yeah I'll have it roast
and the inside is black licorice
I'm not going on for like this match
next we're gonna try this one these are
yummy aren't they yeah Wow super crunchy
luckily we don't have it all the time
around here because it says it's 27%
butter this is not me honey cook here's
the last one we're gonna try to make so
mine is red oh wow I'm cool whoa they're
so good pineapple
here's the clue to next month's box if
you think you know what country it's
from leave us a comment and let us know
and don't forget to give us a thumbs up
