hi guys welcome to mommy Monday I hope
everybody's been having a great week so
far we've been spending most of our time
this week getting ready to move into our
new house we've been trying to pack
little by little and we're picking out
stuff so that we can finalize like the
look of the house like the sconces for
the walls and the towel bars and all
that kind of stuff a little bit boring
but it's kind of fun to decorate the
inside of the house and make it look
nice look at how cute this is you guys
this is one of the lights that we're
considering getting for the outside of
our house you can play an apple
we like pineapples don't we yes here's
my pot filler for my kitchen I just
ordered this and it came in the mail
we've also found a couple fun things
this week the first thing is the
Pringles challenge so you guys can look
forward to that coming this week and
then we also filmed some play-doh videos
so anyway we're going to take you guys
along with us days we try to pick out
some more stuff for the new house but
first I'm going to get ready for going
out tonight because I'm hoping we can
last long enough to go out to a nice
place to eat I wanted to share with you
guys this new clothing company I found
out about it's called Winnie B and it's
actually like a clothing rental thing
for women and you can get your clothes a
few pieces of the time and you keep them
and then when you're done with them you
either buy if you like them or you just
return up so anyway I tried it out I'm
actually wearing the shirt right now and
I love it and there's a couple other
things I got from them so I was going to
show you because I feel like I live in
t-shirts so for me this is really cool
to find out about some other clothes I
could guess it would look it here's some
of the clothes I got from my recent
glynnie V order I like dresses a lot so
I got this dress I really like this one
a lot it's got this cute edge that's a
little bit different so it's really cute
and then there's this one it's got kind
of like three-quarter sleeves but it's
not too heavy it looks really cute on me
it's just the right length and then I
got a couple shirts this is my favorite
of all my shirts besides the one I'm
wearing it's got a just an interesting
pattern to it I like that one a lot and
then there's these ones so anyways I
didn't do pretty cute they're different
than I normally wear the style is like a
little bit more fancy if you ask me
but honestly I can't like always wear
t-shirts all the time so even though the
most comfortable thing to wear so it's
good for me this is a good change I'm
trying some different styles of clothing
out you guys all have to let me know if
you like it though with my new clothes
I'm going to be going with Alyssa's
motto what's your motto always to be
fancy
yes that's Alyssa's motto Alyssa doesn't
go anywhere that I had banned so if she
ever doesn't have one she's gonna be
like sick or something Chris and Zack
also have some exciting news for you
guys do you guys want to tell what it is
we happened yeah they do
more than one Liz to a Tom so let's talk
about what happened so Chris is never
playing out front and Chris picked Zach
in his mouth and Zach was very very sad
show me your teeth
and I looked in his mouth and I realized
he has two TC on here that are Wiggly
move your lip a little bit so you can
see so Zach has this one that's really
Wiggly right there and then that one
right next door is a little Wiggly so I
said to Chris well you guys are
identical twins so is that has a loose
tooth then it's only fair that you have
a loose tooth too so I pull up Chris
over and I honestly wasn't really going
to make us to sleep but he thought I was
and so I pulled him over to feel his
teeth and sure enough when I felt
Chris's mouth he was already loose - so
these tooth right here they're just a
little wiggle in his mouth - you got a
dirty little kisser
so anyway they both have their first two
loose teeth and I don't really want to
have them though do you guys want to
have those teeth you do
and fuller come peel DW to part yes you
do I like it because I can't even fill
it fall out mmm it hurts it won't hurt
well anyway I don't want them to lose
their teeth because I just think they
look so cute with their cute little baby
teeth but I mean I guess they have to
grow up one day right everybody ready
yeah okay here we go you ready Michael
we're going into this massive fan store
check this out you guys there's like
literally so many choices here here we
are in the fan store with like the fans
making our eyes go all weird because
they're moving around and making shadows
on us
yeah these kind of fans not you guys oh
yeah we like you guys much better yeah
we like our real fans we're talking
about just our fans they have this
little area for the kids here these are
samples of the chairs they sell but they
give them to the kids to play with so
hopefully this keeps my kids busy you
might like they have my pineapples
we got a fan everybody we finally pick
something out okay we're at Home Depot
now we have one of these super awesome
carts and we're going to see if we can
score ourselves a second one mm-hmm
that's all we need to well we only have
one car on the way into the store and
all the kids wanted to ride so there
they are riding very unsafely but
luckily they're holding on tight right
guys okay so it's not really that unsafe
after all we have one cart and we came
across a second we're here looking on
the aisle trying to find like bathroom
hangers for the towel racks all that
kind of stuff and they have all the
selections like tons of stuff and they
don't have a single one in black and
we're trying to get black for our
bathroom your loud-mouthed so we're
gonna have to probably look online for
ours but I guess the kids at least have
fun driving in a little kiddie cart
this is Michael's little Houdini strap
we got so you can't move up and down
it's just good we asked the kids to help
us pick out where we're going to eat out
tonight I'm dry you know got all fancy
Mike Wendy be closed and where do they
choose a pizza buffet so we are going to
be eating pizza but you know what
everybody's happy right guys yeah okay
is it good pizza yeah
they have good pizza here but I think my
favorite thing about this place is their
brownies I've got some really good
brownies rounding yourselves
I'm going to take a couple minutes here
to answer some of the viewer submitted
questions the first question I'm going
to answer comes from a lot of you a lot
of people asked how to tell the twins
apart so that video is going to be
coming tomorrow and for a lot of you
guys by the time you see this video
it'll already be public we're gonna be
highly happy if the kids have cellphones
do you have found the best channel not
yet Josh we had kinda asked if my
brother who did the proposal on YouTube
got married yet and no he has not got
married but his wedding is coming soon
and we'll definitely be showing you guys
that in upcoming video okay this
question comes from a hiya I had to run
back over to the table so hopefully you
guys can hear okay but they asked what
the kid's favorite ice cream flavor is
okay guys what's your favorite flavors
David bought yours where's Alisa
we lost Alisa we'll go get her
Michael likes strawberry Alissa what's
your favorite ice cream flavor
sign up already meeting looks good
if you guys want to check out Winnie B
clothing which is the clothing I showed
you guys earlier in the video I'm going
to put some information in the
description box for you so you can check
it out thanks for watching this episode
of mommy Monday and don't forget to
leave your questions for next week and
give us a thumbs up bye
