you're trying to catch this lizard a pet
you guys wanna keep bluebelly
can go that's a huge lizard you guys
let's compare to my wallet okay bigger
than my phone I can't believe you guys
cotton honey oh he's so pretty that's
what I'm not gonna trash can let's go to
the pet store get into the cage or some
food leave in there you guys will see
the water I think it's too small we
should put him there so it is no escape
yeah I am already okay I was watching
his toes making sure no one such as this
goes with them don't lose it I'm not at
a blizzard so if you just put on your
hair and he'll run away you gotta watch
he will run away
he's really pretty look he was pretty
blue coloring don't put him in a bucket
he'll escape from then she's gonna oh
let's just wanted to get her lizard a
bigger one
let me see that where do you get you
yeah right there well Zack was holding
the lizard and he bit sac and Zack
dropped him so the other kids are now
looking for the lizard he went
underneath our fountain right there in a
little hole I don't know if he's going
to come out but we shall see
I
Oh
