we have a lot of fun letters this is
some really cute things I really like
the horse line that's cool you guys like
that they sent money from their country
and milk comes from Turkey sahabat comes
from New Zealand
it's all you guys have some really nice
writing I know that picture I like it
too look at that look how to get to them
ha look how cute strong with the fins
look like remake I know we've got some
really cute fans I think you see
something you like Michael is cool I
know they're nice huh and then look over
here we've got this one some awesome
person who noticed that I like the
Lakers we have these ones make sure I
saw that letter right here is ventually
cute it is somebody's a really good
artist I know they love Danny yeah they
know that there's a letter right there
David you want to show me the other side
of this card look how fast it is cute
it's Santa's reindeer oh nice picture
actually we will have to try to show our
banner better recipe in one of our
upcoming videos for you
yeah oh my gosh she do boo-bear hold it
on Prince that's really cute and look at
this really well drawn goober she made
for Chris well like all the other comes
cool I make that up like this parent is
10 years old
hold up let me see
that's pretty creative isn't it thank
you
oh there's one for each of you do you
know what that is it's silver this is a
piece of silver isn't that cool oh
that's a precious metal this letter
comes from Evan he's the one that sent
you guys that five dollar Canadian bill
that you really like remember and he
says he collects silver so he sent you
guys some silver that's really nice what
do you say - Evan little pretty bracelet
- made this cute picture for us and it
sent us a letter
oh my god oh my gosh whoa that is really
cool laughs that's neat
oh it's world the whole world you like
that picture David I think it moves it
it actually move I think that's really
cool David I think there's a letter in
it hello it's a letter
hello family from powerful hope you'll
enjoy pain help um your gift love come
and get the tricky knee okay so we
thought your name was Bridget and then
you told me I think you said us brigetta
so please I hope I did not get that
wrong but thank you so much this is
really cool
thank you mrs. Lowe another book Oh cute
I love Paddington Hey oh really that's
so that's a Texas love let's find a
California are you sure that's Texas
okay that looks like South America to me
that is it yeah I don't think that's a
real if it's exciting like the Texas
does turn more pages I think we live in
United States
oh that's Africa you guys she lives in
South Africa so the very bottom part of
the page yep that's South Africa down
there thank you break Hannah look how
cute these bracelets are you guys love
bows
Wow look at this oh my gosh Michaels
excited about the air I believe this is
something we will eat you guys hungry
popped it so they say that if you put
this in a peanut butter and jelly
sandwich it will taste really good
should we try that oh it sounds good and
they have two fans who are four and two
years old they live in their house
wicked this is strawberry and look at
this you guys I would say this is really
heavy too I would say this probably the
world's largest tub of marshmallow what
do you guys think you want to find your
head David lets you get bigger
um yes definitely bigger than my face
yes thank you
Gaby MJ what is it guys I think it's
like awkward haha it's nice there is
there let er go did you get popcorn
so trick you can make popcorn and these
you guys what do you think that's so
it's a bowl look like a bowl oh yeah
sure actually nice so that's hard and it
looks like you can use it to make and
serve your popcorn so maybe there's some
recipes on there huh cool what do you
guys say to Mike hey somebody also sent
you guys these look I think we had a few
small business owners who sent you guys
some stuff from their company this looks
like the paper to write on with those
things yeah so they said you guys some
cool stuff to try out that was nice
because they're friends of your channel
I've ever loved
look I wrote our name on and with the
cool markers cool huh it says that you
can write on mirrors and when
than everything with these glasses they
do it's kind of cool sure there's a lot
of colors though so we can write
messages to each other on our windows
and 100 marker gardening stuff Wow look
at that guy's oh how do you like to
plant things David yeah you do this
comes from two brothers named Vincent
and Stuart look at this nice letter
Frankie oh yeah are you jumping on the
bible's that's a little favor thank you
oh nice see those when you're pleased
with the stick my gosh we don't know
anything about planting stuff oh I'm
like here's some pictures of them
planting on how cute oh very cute
yeah here you go and they're like six
more oh they're cute stickers they're
like 3d cool more awesome to label every
plan oh my god don't look here for this
potting mix thank you your ambition
whoa-ho
I think this is our biggest ever
fan mail you guys look how pretty this
comes from Reagan and Lela look at the
other picture if you don't send us fan
mail or items is in the About section in
YouTube thanks for watching
you
