hi guys I'm Melissa from family
thumbtack and I'm really excited because
justice has a new beauty line called
just shine I'm just trade off love
loving they wrapped it so pretty and has
many monning perfume let's smell it oh
what a cute bottle oh it smells like
good a loofah
whoo shower gel detangling spray we
definitely need this we sure do oh it's
motion and it's lemony splash like the
other two it's really good conditioner
and shampoo it's body mist more perfume
and wonderful flavor these are this one
is sweet strawberry this one is mixed
berry this one is vanilla swirl and it
has cotton candy where's this mommy
that is shimmer dusting powder
strawberry-scented
I can't wait to try this out how do you
use it you pinch the little pink thing
on the side and you kind of like spray
it on your body I'll make little
sparkles on your body can I open it it's
got this little cap so you can keep it
covered and then see on time I was like
it's kind of like powder in there yeah
and then you're gonna take it you'll put
it on your body so let me see like your
arm baby let's try your arm mmm
look at it so it's cool this smell good
oh it feels really good mmm is your
other arms we're gonna be equal
pretty cool stuff huh let's get in the
sex box
whoo
those are makeup brushes
look let's prove it for you huh yes
everything's pink and sparkly look at
the back says something to Sparkle right
oh look at that eyes up
it's a facemask it's a headband to go
around your hair we can do a spot a good
mascara boo mascara do you like writing
my school a little bit new shimmer
bronzing powder oh you put it on your
face i shadow much strawberry flavored
lip oh it's so singing sparkly
I love how it says sparkle brighter on
it we love sparkles oh yeah
shimmer bronzing powder ooh
so that's more shimmer stuff you can put
on your body in here
oh cool - could see we're doing your
makeup on do it
pink lemonade flavor lip gloss I love
people on the name I think it's it's a
flavor to more string flavored lip balm
so it's good
sure does good yummy yummy I'm gonna
have to try that one nail polish remover
oh that's good this is the kind of nail
polish remover where there's a little
thing in there and you stick your finger
inside it so here hold that and you just
basically go like this with your finger
inside there and it gets your nail
polish off your finger I don't smell it
no Cosmo doesn't sucked in Oh nails I've
never got my nails done before well look
these always match me right now oh
you're right green for green looks like
this has some Hawaiian once it's nice
more nails
oh they're pink mmm
who is your little dark away I really
like those designs doing me tail tweet
strawberry flavored lip balm looks good
orange cream flavor lip gloss oh wow see
oh wow look at that because they look
great is it adorable I can't wait to use
this
blueberry flavored lip gloss more lip
stuff oh my gosh oh my gosh that's a lot
its ISO and lip gloss oh my gosh there
is so many colors it's sparkly I think
the sparkly ones are probably lip
glasses and the not sparkly ones are the
eyeshadows excited about that yeah Jeff
like nail polish that's the pretty color
that matches your awesome right now - it
does here's a closer look at everything
I got
can you try on your makeup yeah do your
first makeup ever right yeah except for
when you've been to the show you've
never gotten where we go oh my gosh I
don't even know which one my favorite is
cuz there's so many I know look at all
these let's see I think for your eyes
you know we should do what for rainbow
but really this is they're really really
pretty I think from my eyes I would
probably go really really natural like a
brown or a light blue but I think it'll
look pretty with like the pink or even
like a yellow or orange a to match your
outfit your favorite colors what green
this feel I'm probably those two oranges
in the back yeah they're really pretty
this is definitely your color right yes
and this - those are pretty feels I
really like that color and Calum agree
feels is a great dog saying that there
is it yeah that's a really really pretty
color
Oh looks like it's double-sided ooh
smells good doesn't it yeah cover the
other side for this well the same we're
different it guys smell a little
different this one hmm I think I like
the heart side vest
me too I love how the packaging on this
has these iridescent sparkles it's so
cute everything kinda has it to fear
they are on the nail polish the lip ball
everything interface yep and everywhere
pretty pretty colors I like these
because they look like pencils but
they're lip balms it feel nice yeah
thank you nice move we're gonna try on
the lip stuff and the eye stuff okay
okay which color do you like pink yellow
blue for your eyes yeah
okay which one you want to do that one
close your eyes
it's a like that oh it's a pretty sure
oh you're gonna love this their eye and
then this is a lip gloss down here so
let's put some of this on the brush and
then we put this on your lips
does it smell can you feel it yeah we're
gonna try some of your shimmer bronzing
powder game okay it looks like to use
this we're going to use these brushes
okay we're going to open your little
brushes up - cute yeah the brushes are
white with pink tips let's like our
painting and then we will go like this a
little bit
lose your face now we'll just kind of
put this on your face over to makes your
skin look all grinny and soft giggle
giggle looks nice oh my god laughs I you
back
whose assault all good - yeah
so get your lips they're all pretty and
shimmery now you want to try on one of
these these are the four little
rollerball perfumes you bots I say
stuttering okay I will try on the
vanilla okay
okay so open it up and then you take it
and you just kind of like do that you
just roll it on your kid oh my it smells
so good smells good huh
yeah I have a really good feel to it
yeah okay what's your turn next
how about this okay
the bronzing powder sigil a little bit
free miss your arms can you see it look
at that makes you all sparkly so now you
got pink and bronze your colors all over
makeup everywhere I think I need to put
some of my makeup in here the perfect
size bag isn't it
it fits perfectly
- I'll do some nail painting sure
because your lip color it's really
pretty let's see how they look hmm you
like them yeah they definitely do Matt
we're gonna try this new mascara out
okay here's what it looks like it has
this cute shimmery pink bottle it's like
that so close your eyes is a little
softly it's curved so full shape your
eyelashes nicely and this is a good
color for you because it's light brown
instead of being super black so it's so
light that no one will know you have it
on but it might just show just enough to
make your eyes just stand out a little
bit it looks pretty Thanks
just place on you look in the end of the
limb here and you can see it look how it
looks
yeah and the sparkly eye shadow - it's a
great big for you Alyssa
I really like the eye shadow for you
because I don't really want you to wear
makeup that's really really dark and
heavy but these are super pretty colors
but they're more like sparkly just
perfect for you I would let you wear
that everything you saw me try out today
is available adjusted so if you want to
try it out head over to justice thanks
for watching don't forget to leave me a
thumbs up bye
