hi I'm Alyssa I'm David welcome to kids
side cooking today we're going to be
making dukkha roasted chicken with
dukkha it's a spice mix here's
everything you'll need to make this
recipe this meal came from hellofresh
Calm it's a meal kit delivery service
and that means all this food was
delivered right to our front door first
we're going to press and roast our sweet
potatoes preheat the oven to 400 degrees
I'm doing the step piece
q of your potatoes mix the potatoes with
the drizzle of olive oil a pinch of salt
and pepper 1 tablespoon of dukkha
seasoning
roast them in the oven for 20 to 25
minutes until they're golden brown next
we're going to make some citrus sour
cream wenn ich you'll need four ounces
of sour cream and the lime zest your
line oh it smells so good oh it just
smells so good add a small amount of
salt and pepper clear sour cream add a
squeeze of lime juice add about a pinch
of lime zest mix it up add a tiny amount
of water to thin it out next butterfly
two chicken breasts we had an adult help
us butterfly our chicken and now we're
going to pound it out
heat up some oil in a pan and then add
your chicken to cook it season your meat
with salt pepper and Duga cook it three
minutes per side until it's done
all done it looks so good while we're
waiting I think I'm going to try this
line and it's our mmm delicious cook
this nut piece for a couple minutes here
it is
I finished meal what do you think come
ah if you want to try one of these meals
at home and the discount code in the
description box we were going to thank
alfresco for supporting our channel
thanks for watching
