hi guys welcome to mommy Monday it is
March 14th and that means it is pi day
so we're going to go and celebrate by
eating pie today who wants to eat pie
today I also think I need to get
somebody a haircut today do you want to
get a haircut Michael okay are you going
with mommy yeah we're gonna go pick out
the pies
yeah are you pleased we're waiting for
Michaels haircut
yeah baby here good job kiddo
no take away
yes Michaels a shootie like is it yummy
yeah it is
you don't mind thank you
yeah then getting that automatically
right now I throw yeah ready set go
just kidding
here is our five lets you together you
guys brooklyn kinase not actually date
about eating pies though what's enough
no daddy's gonna tell us about it okay
okay we're going to measure this pipe
all the way across see that how many
inches is that look like Alyssa yeah
that night I'm nine inches okay oops so
now how long do you think it would be to
wrap paper all the way around the
outside it could be longer than nine or
shorter than I longer how much longer
you're 18 engine 18 inches anyone else
have a guess
100 200 inches mom I'm going to make
each of these rulers now with the nine
inches instead of twelve each one of
these is 9 inches 9 inches 9 inches
what's nine times three Alyssa hey let's
see if it's fit pretty good fit actually
it's a little more than three times
longer around the outside is 3.14 like
today's mark 14 3 1 4 that's why they
called pie day get it little bit yeah
that's 4 big circle pants small circles
difference across the middle times 3.14
along the outside outsides always a
little more than three times long like
my belts you find 12 inches across my
belt would be how long 12 times 3 or 12
plus about 12 times 3 36 see this man's
got his master's degree in math we have
strawberry lemon cheesecake what did you
get and chocolate which one do you guys
want chocolate cherry there we go
that's crispy chocolate oh this is
probably the healthiest pie cuz it's
pretty much only strawberries and cress
look shy look at Chris's plays to Zack
how does the chocolate ish I thought
that boy in the world
whoo unless out of the strawberries good
the sovereigns are better so you like
the chocolate or the one I think I know
why he cut it awesome iceberg right
remember her limit another couple months
ago was my favorite is the lemon I'm
also going to give you guys a quick
update on our house here's Michael's
room we're starting to paint in here you
can see the difference in the color you
don't stay in your own room here's our
bathroom cabinets that are going to be
going in they're not painted yet but
aren't they beautiful
here's the set up in our bedroom right
now that's going to be our
bathroom look at all the stuff it looks
like it's all cabinetry stuff in here
kitchen
oh the kitchen was the dark one yeah
let's check on our bathroom oh look we
have cabinet
oh wow my gosh we've got a lot of
cabinet drawers wow this is kind of nice
here's the progress on the shore here's
the kitchen it used to have the towel on
the floor in here and now it's fully
ripped out but the good thing is our
walls are now painted so this is the
color of the walls are going to be in
here up there we're getting two more
lights put in now I'm going to answer
some of the viewer submitted questions
from last week's episode first of all
Daniella M asks what we did with the
ugly poo poo puppy now if you don't know
what I'm talking about then you need to
go watch the video called Michael gets
the worst present ever but what we did
do with that was we took it back and we
returned it to Disneyland and we made
sure Michael was watching so he knew it
was definitely gone and not hidden
somewhere in the house a couple of you
asked what our personal favorite videos
are on our Channel and I have a lot of
favorite videos so honestly it's pretty
hard to nail down just a couple but I
think my tops would be the watermelon
explosion all of the down the stairs
videos all of the skits that we did
especially the ones we did early on but
Michael is a baby and then one
particular video that we really really
loved is our jingle bells video from
last year it's the one where the kids
are playing the bells on the table and
our favorite thing about it is
Zach suddenly sang opera we didn't know
he was going to do that and he just did
it and then the other thing that we just
love about it is Chris's face so you
guys have to go back and watch that
video if you want a good laugh and just
watch Chris every time he jingles his
belt he's got like the serious look on
his face and it's pretty funny at least
we think it's funny so that's one that
we watch here all the time I'm gonna let
Michael answer this question too because
he's definitely got some favorites
Michael what video do you like to watch
he likes to watch his ugly poopoo puppy
video what else do you like to watch
yeah yes Michael likes baby home alone a
lot and he also likes his surprise egg
video he watches that one all the time
yeah Michael tell me about what you did
with the chocolate cake yep he said by
him own he loves watching himself get
into the chocolate cake too a lot of you
guys asked what our favorite trip we'd
ever taken so far was so I'm gonna let
the kids answer this let's start with
Damon okay cool I Alyssa
all right Zach that one here
okay and Chris
and I would say pretty much every single
family trip is my favorite I really like
going on road trips and doing lots of
cool stuff so longer trips are my
favorite okay what's your favorite
vacation anyplace with water like Hawaii
or the Caribbean I love to swim in the
ocean happy hi hey for watching
