hi guys it's time for universal young
I'll enter which country we got this
time let's open it here's everything
from this month's box is so good which
one should we try first guys okay let's
open it
these are super good oh is it good
Michael their talk in the middle here's
the next one we're gonna try you guys
like pizza yeah it is good very good
it's more next we're gonna try this one
it looks like it's pistachio flavored
here's how it comes out of the package
and it smells really good that's good I
like it you guys like it yeah okay
chocolate chocolate you can taste a
little pieces of pistachio inside it too
little buddy there's one we're gonna try
next
look how cute that is it a little face
on the front it looks like a little tiny
pie you're Joey in it mmm did you like
strawberry this cookie a leg-up spicy
Christmas cookie next we're gonna try
the Turkish Delight rose petals here's
what this one looks like it's a little
bit squishy oh and there's the inside
what is this Holly would like it it's
kind of interesting isn't it you did not
get my song it is it really does taste
like it you can see that little dark
spot right in there and on the package
it says contains rose petals and that is
peddle in this next we're trying this
nutty max this looks pretty good
so this hazelnut cream I love hazelnut
here's how this one comes oh they're
good aren't they really chocolaty yeah
it's like a plum a hazelnut KitKat next
we're gonna try this one yeah this one
comes as one piece and we just cut it in
half and it looks like that on the
inside
what's good isn't it smell what cake
what cake yummy orange did you get cake
tastes like orange i'm anna has blue
fulfilling next we're doing the nine Kat
tat it looks like it's banana flavored
very good you guys all love bananas this
one comes as a bunch of cute little tiny
size wafers the banana flavor is really
strong I love this good next we're gonna
try this one
you don't like it Chris I think it's
like a sesame flavor you like is that
yeah stop tasting so good next we're
gonna try this one what did I think kind
of chewy Alyssa yeah has a nice walnut
taste a little bit chewy kind of that
huh
so now do you bad huh I really like this
one a lot because it's packed full of
walnut next we're going to try this one
I love it
what's it taste like like wigs Oh twigs
Tesla salt little different kind of
flavor chocolate in the middle okay next
we're gonna try these ones oh that is
good I like this a lot it's gone some
kind of a a center that's like different
like a juicy gooey Center huh it's good
really good
I can't eat actually laughs we're gonna
try this gum I'm gonna have the Matt and
myself try this because we don't let the
kids chew gum yet you guys wouldn't like
this very much I'm okay eating it but
she's kind of like one I don't think it
feels very good honestly it says there's
a lot of health benefits in the pamphlet
they sent us but I don't think I want to
really chew it on a regular basis um
kind of tastes like chemicals a little
bit not hard to chew yeah definitely not
the minty fresh gum or use of cheering
here's the clue the next month's box if
you think you know what country it is
leave us a comment and let us know don't
forget to leave us a thumbs up
