welcome to mommy Monday today we have a
fun day plan
Michael's been showing a lot of interest
in music lately Michael do with music
yeah so I thought to give him his first
callus and we'll see how he does if he
likes it if he's ready and then after
school we're going to take the kids to a
really cool overnight trip can you help
me count your fingers ready let's put
your hand like this ready one
Oh
five can you do it okay okay let's look
at the piano
can you see a black key where's a black
one yeah where's the white one good job
you're gonna take your two fingers like
this and we're going to play two white
keys too much I okay okay
can you do that one
yayin it to working oh you don't want me
to do let it go yeah I will after you
okay let's do two more black keys okay
three fingers see those three and we're
gonna put them on those three Black Keys
right there there we go one do another
one it's tricky okay right
here we go yeah right there can you push
them down gotta be nice yeah I know it's
hard not to do that as a business do you
like playing the piano
yeah you like that book to get back feel
what it is Jack Sparrow we like this
music Tommy whoa that was really here
hello oh my gosh you like you had a
quick selecting at all that hurt
you
I also wanted to share this piece of
news with you guys because David was so
excited he got Citizen of the week this
week and we're super proud of him
Michael what did you do I can't do that
those things down there are not supposed
to be in the fish tank we're gonna have
to fix that just a second here we go
don't blame the fish tank anymore okay
you see okay okay I don't know if I
believe you
we just got the kids from school we're
gonna go take them home so we can jump
off the back fix and we're gonna be on
our way everybody tell me your hair
it was crazy hair day school has a
really crazy hair but you guys know it's
super cool I just got the phone with
somebody and we got invited to the White
House so I'm not sure if we're gonna go
it's kind of soon and it's a really long
trip we just got back from our
month-long trip to Florida but it's
still really awesome I got invited there
so stay tuned we'll see what happens
with this we made it we're here at the
Great Wolf Lodge look at this place
super-nice cool decorations everywhere
yes let's go show in the waterpark
Oscar there's water park we have a
separate video we're gonna do this cool
water park
check out this you guys
all these delicious things for my kids
to eat and then be crazy all night
I just made this cute in that's adorable
you know all the other kids made a whole
bag full of stuffed animals these are
cute maybe we should show these off
action slips there's all the animals
everybody picked out we got to get the
outfit I love that one by the way look
how cute
it's just fertilized they got the film
and everything as you can see we have a
bunch of really fun things coming up
this weekend so there's going to be some
good videos heading your way
in to meet I'm going to answer these
questions really fast because I have a
reception to go to at 7 o'clock which is
in like 5 minutes
the first question comes from Ramat who
asks for my favorite basketball players
it is definitely Kobe Bryant and I'm
actually hoping to go to his last game
which is coming up in like a would a
couple of you also asked who Heather is
hey there's Heather this is my sister
Heather she is the kids favorite aunt
also known as an tee hee hee yes or
whining and the videos I'm not yelling
Kiki at me they're talking - that is
true and they have a lot of good aunts
but Heather lives with us so she
automatically gets the favorite title
because she does cool things on a daily
basis with the kids and for those of you
who are also asking last week who Matt
was I didn't have him nearby so I could
show who he was but there he is that's
it right that's good okay so that's
that's a thing there is there's Matt now
we know the next question comes from a
couple of you who asked what the kids
favorite toys are so we're gonna let the
kids answer this we'll start with Alyssa
Alyssa what's your favorite toy
real-life animals and David twig I knew
George what's your favorite costumes and
your slurred sword
Michael what's your favorite toy
good job finally a lot of you were
asking what the kids favorite foods were
so let's have you guys answer that David
what's your favorite food Cara souffle
Alyssa hey Kris chocolate cake and Zac
peaches where's Michael Michael what's
your favorite food top P popper that is
pretty much any food that's not liquid
for Michael P popper don't forget to
submit questions for next week's video
and make sure you submit it on the mommy
Monday episode not on other videos
because it's hard for us to find them
when they're on different videos also
please like the video and thanks for
watching
