hey everybody we're at the beach today
and we're with Elissa soccer team and
we're going to be doing a beach cleanup
what about to make the beach look very
pretty are there you go go get a bag I
think you guys can share bag again so
flick it up in and then it'll be ready
to pick up trash
hey here we go I was like who's that guy
was a cute baby
it's my cute baby my husband no with
that blanket no he's had a lot of stuff
on you okay let's go the kids are going
oh there goes Michael okay she's gonna
try to find a safe way you don't have to
pick up the wood Zac yeah that's not
really trash we're gonna look for like
paper and plastic and stuff like that
there you go
okay go crazy without them you can jump
down the Evelyn - there's nothing much
trash here is there
oh can you put the doggie ask first
after you come back
Oh
put that in the trash bag you guys
finding trash not much trash yet good
job there's a bunch of the bushes okay
let's see if we can find some good
I saw something pink under there figure
out on the tenant list see right there
it's a trash plastic giant piece of the
block so let's get rid of that the glass
it looks cool can go walk out on the
little sandbar who's that green thing
trash
can you cross without getting wet let's
see
nice you're not finding any trash we
found some you gotta stick with us
another one this is practically too big
to fit in our bag oh it's a bunch of
fishing nets and ropes all tangled up
yes you did it looks like a Styrofoam
cup I miss the old that's dangerous huh
he got tired he just got worn out kick
baby and there's Michael he just decided
it was time to swim what are you doing
oh nothing just swimming this water is
very very still here washing our hands
off I think we got all the garbage off
for good section of the beach
Michael's over there sitting in the fan
and singing to themself you want to get
wet in that your regular clothes I
suppose so
go ahead it's too tempting not to it's
like the best meet tonight like so
smooth no waves super safe with her team
they're doing a team picture I think
it's gonna be super cute Chris is like
way out there he's looking down at the
beach gonna play
Chavez
he's just walking along the bottom of
that
you're gonna go
they're playing roller saucer boys
versus girls
luckily I've got a little bunch of boys
so those are the four siblings and all
the kids are linked Alyssa staying safe
and warm because she knows because it
didn't bring towels she would be
freezing if she got soaking wet all this
trash plus everything in the black bag
is with the girls and all the boys
cleaned up on the beach today
check out all the cool stuff we have for
sale on our website
were you able to find the hidden
pineapple in today's video if you did be
sure to leave a comment with the hashtag
hidden pineapple so we can choose you
for fan of the week
