hi guys welcome to mommy Monday don't
mind the mess behind me we are moving
don't forget but this is exciting
because we are finally celebrating Chris
and Zak's birthday so I'm about to jump
in the car and go to the store I'm gonna
grab some supplies for the party and
then we're actually gonna head over to
our new house you might be wondering why
we're doing Chris and Zak's birthday
right now and the reason is because
their birthday's in December and nobody
ever comes to December birthday parties
so I figure we wait a couple months let
everybody settle down from the holidays
and now we're having the party everybody
ready
yes okay let's go we're here in the
party section I think we need to get
these this will be perfect of a
tablecloth red plates Oh perfect
red fork it's only fork so you don't
have to buy knives anyway you have to
always get knives with stuff okay I'm
looking here at candles kind of find
something good for their birthday cake
oh look out of the package yeah wonder
than that one that's really cool I think
we should get this does it's pretty
awesome I don't know if that was like
your pirate theme though what do you
think
oh just the candy instead okay I think
we have everything we need for the party
so I'm going to head home and grab the
rest of the family and take them over to
the new house because we have a little
surprise for the kids at the new house
tonight
we made it well it's sort of new
everybody's been asking for updates on
the house so we decided to bring you
guys here and let you see how it's
looking it's pretty much empty and
trashed at the moment but it's gonna
look good this is the kitchen but you
see here's the living room the lights
are we
then everything is any work done let's
look at sucking Krishna's room oh my god
somebody left this out again your closet
looking nice isn't it you guys it's good
looking good in here we brought the kids
in the house tonight mainly because I
wanted to let them do a little bit of
apart on the floors we thought I'd be
kind of cool to let them do this before
the carpet goes in these are all
sharpies that Matt has confiscated from
his students they're not allowed at
school so he has that when he brought
him home and we're gonna use these to
color on the ground very very careful
cuz these will ruin your clothes okay
but you can write your name anywhere you
like
nice stuff oh look at those dirty little
feet
you're me yes I'm working it out
I'm gonna put my hand right here good
job
130 I got gonna wash it we're gonna do
Michaels deep prince
anybody ever buys our hot mattress it
will definitely know we live here we go
if she tracing you look Michael would we
mind you that's happening you are please
all I can do I saw Michael Brown
here's our masterpiece but the fun stuff
what's the love the color
ten mans is a viewer submitted questions
from last week's episode my first
question I'm gonna answer comes from
quite a few people who asked who is Matt
and Matt is believe it or not my husband
Instagram so that James Clancy asks what
the kid's favorite fruit is so I'm gonna
let them answer that that helps you be
recruit peaches David Michael what's
your favorite fruit
he's like bananas - okay brother
come on ask how I came up with the idea
for mommy one day basically it was
because everyone kept asking who I was
what I look like who was behind the
camera and that was me so I decided to
show myself a little bit more in a once
a week episode since I'm always alone
filming I do admit I'm really on camera
so this is my chance once a week to let
you guys see who I am
