peas today we're making peanut butter
cookies you guys have been asking for a
kid size cooking with Michael and you
can't really talk that what I'm gonna
help anyone we're gonna make cookies
together here's all the ingredients
we're going to be using today pre-heat
your oven to 375 we're going to mix
together 1/2 cup of butter and
three-quarters of a cup of peanut butter
yeah so the reason we're making peanut
butter cookies today is because i'm
we're at the grocery store couple weeks
ago we accidentally bought crunchy
peanut butter and the kids are not a fan
of crunchy peanut butter on their
sandwiches but they do like it in
cookies so this will be good we're gonna
blend it together
and 1/3 cup of granulated sugar
okay ready dump it it whoa this is
another third cup of brown sugar here
that we're adding for blending it all
together we're gonna add two tablespoons
of milk heat up it in good good job
we're gonna add one egg already got
cracking oh he's grazed it that's one
way to do I don't think I got any shell
in there though
huh we're adding one teaspoon of vanilla
you want to do this with me okay okay
we're adding we wanted to have a cups of
flour good job you want to do more
poeple okay okay here it is do it
carefully
that was one teaspoon of baking soda
this is a half teaspoon of salt
you're welcome okay now we're gonna
blend it all together you ready okay
spray your cookie sheet with cooking
spray scoop out 1-inch bowls of cookie
dough and roll them in granulated sugar
so we're going to go like that make them
into a ball and then we're gonna roll
them in the sugar
did you can help with that Michael okay
and we're gonna put them on the tray
like that hey you want to try okay
okay I'm gonna roll a ball can you help
me roll it can you roll it around in
there good job dude oh good job
chiju no I can't we'll do a little more
okay we're gonna roll it we're gonna
roll it listen roll it around good then
put it on the tray good job
Michael you're doing a great job okay
let's make a circle and roll it in the
sugar now put it on the bin feed ring
good job do you want just do this all
day oh okay I love you Michael it's fun
huh
you go oh were you putting sugar on me
thanks
okay put all the country oh okay thank
you because we use butter instead of
shortening we're gonna use the back of
this and we're gonna flatten the cookies
down just a little bit wonderful okay go
boom boom good job this is fun I can
tell you like it all done place them in
the oven for eight to ten minutes
good we're gonna top these off with
Hershey Kisses in the center any much
mommy you push it down like that do you
want to do one Apple
okay put one in the middle you want to
eat it
oh you silly kid can we vote on the
cookie okay like that ready and go push
there you go good job
Hey you're even all the Reggie kisses
okay you silly Michael for our last one
we're gonna do a giant cookie got this
big ol dough ball gonna roll it around
I'm excited to see how this one turns
out Oh looks good go honey one Michael
so good
mmm-hmm give us a thanks for watching us
cook
