hi everybody welcome to mommy Monday
it's a busy day for us today we are
celebrating Matt's birthday and we also
just got back from being on the road for
a month we're doing a bunch of filming
and stuff in Florida so lots of videos
to come as far as that goes
and we're also still packing so we can
move so it's pretty crazy right now
here's Michael he's playing with his new
Duplo blocks I think I'm gonna have a
little video about that coming soon
here's Matt shake right here Heather is
making this cake for him it's really
good it's not quite done but I've been
sampling it's really good Matt wanted to
spend his birthday doing family time so
the kids not everybody has been doing
Legos all day yes there's yours
and they're doing some of David's
homework from when we were out of town
you guys don't show me Legos and I'll
look and if you twist this knob here it
can all turn and want it it's just so
cool guess what Oh see if you no not
back uh-huh um this oh if we twist
Athena just this that's cool that's a
good looking spider huh what else do we
have here oh that's okay this is a cute
little house mm-hmm and on the backside
you hold it and it opens oh look at that
we this is it there's a chair table and
there's a cute little lamb that's cute
and then back to Raven opens - okay cool
those are some Star Wars guys over here
look at that look at this yeah it's cool
that's from the lego movie huh yep cool
have a season's David my helicopter that
way me and
look and the fat comes off so we can put
here a person in here to buy the helmet
clucker cool show me how the top spins
on that look oh pretty good look at that
yeah you guys made a bow
there's your bow right there and a
little shark look at that cute little
hook that sure in your car that's a nice
car a pretty cool car yeah Jeff I'm
making all these and there's a spider
whoopsie yeah yes you know what we saw
those spiders remember when we're
looking at all the pieces we saw some of
those little creatures that they had
that's what they do
I was on your leg again mm-hmm I see
somebody over here sneaking some
frosting this is the knot huh my
frosting we used for the inside of the
cake but we're making homemade frosting
for the outside oh oh you're a crazy boy
you're gonna jump again without your
Batman voice oh good what come here are
you taking me on a wild goose chase okay
you know yes we are you like that one
it's stuck in there leave it in there
okay come on could you Michael yup are
you are you yeah can you go down the
slide yeah let me see okay okay
oh good job
thanks guys it's kind of fun going on
the phone you're dying tell me I have no
birthday dance oh and let's have your
birthday dance for daddy whoa give it
can you guys do it do it with Alyssa
daddy to Diamond birthday you guys are
silly time for dinner
here's everybody getting married Heather
made Matt's birthday dinner it is
spaghetti is vegetables Oh with some
juice a little bit starts oh yes Emma
red look at that right there's the bread
I totally just made a huge mess I
spilled grape juice all over the table
but the good news is when I looked under
the table I already had a towel down
there from earlier when we spilled water
so it's almost perfectly catching the
grape juice I see you down there not too
bad
of them but doing that don't we get you
a food and paper plate
oh my god says birthday my help
Luke and oh love that wrinkles off
how does it look guys yeah good good
great hi yeah I know there's a little
sprinkle on it
time for some questions submitted by you
guys
the first question comes from Amina
sally Hovick
who asks what my favorite soda is my
favorite soda of all time is barks root
beer mat for CP asks if the kids play
any video game is what's their favorite
video game so I'm gonna let them answer
that what did you see
I'm not use that my niece it's a special
game and it's called clans first zombies
and there's thousands and they give us
plants and then there's shooters and you
have to kill the zombies and does all
these try to get to your house and make
cars are fair and smooth there and get
with the Firebirds Hades put fire and
now plays argon and the other ones Vegas
eat them and then the blonde with the
bucket on them head they take so took it
I'm number eight there's huge zombie
okay thank you okay oh well got y'all
like that okay LS that I do hurry game
pretty much
she's Mari out okay and Chris Chris is
eating all the rest of our piece Wow
awesome
the next question comes from disneymania
who asks what all the kids favorite
colors are so Alyssa what's your
favorite color
definitely
he definitely Chris what's your color um
blue blue
Michael what's your favorite color green
okay Zach what's your favorite color
thanks rainbow I like rainbow too and
David what's your favorite color red
awesome we had a couple of people ask
what the kids favorite songs were this
week so I'm gonna let them answer that
as well
I'll listen what's your favorite song
Star Wars okay David what's yours
prior to the Caribbean that's a good one
crystal Chimaera's um yeah Zak what's
your favorite song happy birthday good a
good answer
oh all right well thanks for watching
hopefully you guys enjoyed this episode
don't forget to subscribe if you have
not click thumbs up
and what else leave your questions for
next week
I always forget these things anyway you
have a great week bye
you
