hi everybody welcome to mommy Monday we
are here in Florida and right now we're
doing a walk along this little boardwalk
here the kids are hoping that we can
turn the corner of the swamp area and
see some alligators although I don't
think we're really going to see any here
do you guys see any alligators oh you're
right tip we can see this you can see
the water moving I can see that pressure
those little fish down there that's cool
this is Ranger a spot there's gotta be
at range racer too dangerous we might go
see an alligator in it down there is
heavy yep do you see Michael a pineco
you think i'll gator did that yeah we've
been doing a lot of fun things in
florida we've been going to some theme
parks I've been doing cool experiences
we even have a couple things planned
that we haven't even filmed yet
it's gonna be pretty cool over the next
couple months you guys are going to see
a lot of fun things for this trip right
yeah oh I don't know if that really is
homemade I think at the tree stuff
probably after this hike we're going to
take the kids to an indoor play maze
here at our resort excited I thought
you'd be happy Michael can you say
butterfly yeah can you take it I'll
 bag good job high five yeah
pretty flowers
looks like the boardwalks ending here
and there it's super nice
this little danger is a little money
we're gonna have to go back and change
our shoes I think four we can do
anything else today
are you
oh can you guys
try sitting on it oh there you go
time for some viewer submitted questions
Chloe white vlogs asks what the age
difference is between David and Zach and
Chris that's a good question
they are just over 17 months apart
daniela em asks what the kid's favorite
candies are so i'm going to let them
answer that alyssa what's your favorite
candy nerds david my favorite candy is
Jolly Ranchers and what's your favorite
candy Zach Jolly Ranchers I'm stubborn
okay and Chris watch every candy a lot
then oh that's a good answer
hey Michael come here
oh he's gonna run away from us isn't he
Bob butterfly oh you chasing a butterfly
there's Michael hey Michael did you like
candy yeah what's your favorite candy
big pop okay Andy Powell asks what my
favorite TV show is my favorite kind of
TV show to watch is usually reality TV
so I made a list okay I like x-factor
America's Got Talent survivor big
brother The Bachelor Amazing Race and
then some shows that aren't reality TV
are the middle last man standing and
shark tank so that's kind of what I
watch on TV but I don't really have a
lot of time to watch TV so I usually
record them and then I hope to watch
them later
Hannah Clark asks if I would ever
homeschool the kids and I would love to
homeschool the kids but I feel like my
kids love going to school a lot and they
love seeing all their friends at school
so the kids would probably enjoy being
in public school more than homeschool
and also I feel like because I have a
lot of kids that be very difficult for
me to do home school and do our YouTube
channel and everything else that we do
so although I'd love to homeschool I
probably don't feel like I can do it
right now at least thanks for watching
today's episode of mommy Monday hope you
guys enjoyed it don't forget to click
the like button and submit your
questions for next week's episode bye
