here's everything that came in this box
we're gonna try this
okay everybody try it Bora did you like
it I know Michael like that almost like
sure who doesn't have ketchup on their
hash browns act like you did like it
good now we're going to try the hula
hoops huh cause here's the choke yeah I
think they're better than the bunny Jeff
these are salt and vinegar flavor it's
not too strong as a vinegar taste though
next we're gonna try the meanies pickled
onion flavor this is better good good
it's just like fun
apparently he likes it everyone's trying
the job buy cakes now you can see the
orange filling again got a nice little
jelly filling in there it's like orange
like a soft Nilla wafer cake with some
jelly in there covered by it tastes like
dark chocolate maybe semi-sweet hmm
pretty good oh and if you're wondering
why I'm not trying anything it's because
I have a ton of food allergy so I can't
go this is scarce
whoa yes god there's like be like him
well that's because it says prawn
cocktail flavor oh it sounds good
shrimp oh you like em Alyssa Alyssa it's
like white chocolate you can taste
powder the accuracy it's really good no
it's nicely brand
everybody's trying potatoes now best so
far really that's because they have
cheese in them yeah the flavor with
those cheese and onion if I can Lay's
potato chip or a little more flavor
they're all gone you guys make the whole
day how many of you don't have one just
like I have to try the time you doing
stuff but you know so all right with you
gun then yeah do things ready to go with
okay no business my cup Cuba's our earth
that's the jammie Dodger how do you guys
like him do they have had their jam in
them they're good raspberry that's what
it is
I wonder why they don't have these maybe
but they're good huh
next we're gonna try to it I'm gonna eat
this one too kind of like a now later if
you ask me yeah definitely no later no
definitely two parts are hard to do hard
to chew you won't have a loose tooth all
night good yeah
next is the drumstick here's what it
looks like it's white and pink and we
are going to cut it up so we can all
share it was it like Laffy Taffy it
wasn't good Michael it tastes kinda like
an hour later too oh yeah next we're
gonna try the Turkish Delight here it is
out of the package we're gonna cut it up
so we can share it oh but look it looks
dark we realize it's actually see
through oh my gosh I always try to kiss
away for Narnia oh yeah
greeting so good it's Michael likes it
right what do you want eat some more
it's like eating a snail our yes
it means like rose or something rose
born I am you like a dad and you have -
I only like a chocolate on yeah it's
interesting to you soon it's kind of
bitter ever tasted a confection kind of
enjoying the crowns supervises your mind
she'll take a little treat when someone
spills next we're gonna try the treacle
talkies does it have molasses molasses
is really good sells really good and
here's the last one we're gonna try it
looks good we're gonna girls like okay
he's not gonna like it
okay so my clothes Bo's gingerbread you
like on all I said did you like it
okay well this is not a finales really
strong I don't like it oh yeah oh oh my
goodness did you forget all this forget
mine potpourri for yourself just
something talk to these all these spices
all the rest native ones that always
really like that's Joe no matter what he
says dad - you got the tasting like that
yeah really strong up over here sticks
include yeah okay we've got some cool
fans in the UK but I think we did share
some of our food with them I saw shark
ad here's the clue next month's box if
you think you know what it is leave us a
comment let us know know
