our hotel door
look at those ones walking over there
you guys those who are walking over
there there's two beds okay look at that
one there's one sleeping on the ground
look how big a look at the little baby
will be uh maybe the draft keeps
reaching his neck over to play a little
animal what do you think Zach good
pretty cool yeah what if my mattress was
 right there that would be
amazing and a jury the owner there
wasn't green clothes so whenever there
really wants to play at the giraffe do
you hear that
he's ramming his horns there there's one
door whoa oh there's another one and
another one look at this you guys
zebras now move the same two zebras
right outside our window here and then
that big guy right there finally woke up
that hill cute little guy look there's
an animal over there everywhere yes they
are Oh cute the giraffe came right by
our window that's what the kids are
waiting for was this giraffe to come
right via that's pretty cool isn't it
it's get a good look at this guy he's so
cute so tail I can see them a small
child yeah I'm not sure look what a drag
I look like a giraffe
well they're tall and skinny right we're
here at Disney's Animal Kingdom Lodge in
Orlando Florida and we have the most
awesome view so the kids are super
excited because of that view outside
with the animals but we have three
balconies here so we go over this way
and there is another balcony right there
the house the same view as the other one
then there's another one over this way
so you go through these rooms and oh
here golf carts coming out the other way
so we might have to run there's this
balcony over here oh nice there's some
water out there
David we better hurry they said there's
a golf car coming we're gonna run why
cuz I think they're feeding animals
possibly okay coming I'm coming
oh my gosh I'm running I'm running I'm
really excited about animals
okay well to all the animals pain that's
here to zebras as well there maybe they
have to go to there Michael did you hear
the butterfly there doesn't see prizes
are taking their sweet time so it looks
like the animals can choose if they go
through the gate to eat or not so the
guy opened the gate and then he let some
out and he shut it and then somebody
else came running over so he kind of
opened the gate so that guy could go
through - well everybody else is
watching the animals I'm going to answer
some of the questions you guys submitted
last week first of all we had a bunch of
you guys who asked how far away my
parents lived from us and that's a good
question basically this trip from my
house to my parents house can take
anywhere from six to ten hours depending
on how well we travel so if we're making
a bunch of stops is going to be a lot
longer for able to stop like once maybe
twice maybe only six or seven hours so
it's definitely a full-day drive to get
to my parents house from our house
what's going on over here
are we being nice I'll take that as a
maybe
Madison Cunningham asked who with the
longest and shortest with potty training
Alyssa was my earliest potty trainer she
potty trained at fifteen months she did
this all on her own one day she just
decided to wear her panties and she
never had a bedwetting accident after
she was probably 18 months old she was
just super fast the slowest were
probably the twins they were about
almost three years old when they were
fully potty-trained they were like later
twos they took a little bit longer than
David you and David was also really
really fast like Michael Newt nation 321
asks if the kids are watching the videos
we post the answer is absolutely yes our
kids love their home videos I'm also one
of the very few channels I actually do
the kids watch is our channel because I
know it's a hundred percent safe because
I'm the one
and it's all the videos on Emma love ask
if we'd always plan on having a big
family and the answer is yes when I was
a kid I had to wait seven years before
my triplet siblings were born and I felt
pretty alone and I always wanted a big
family I would write stories when I was
a kid about people that had like 15 kids
and my favorite thing to do was name all
the kids so I definitely wanted a big
family my whole life and I'm really
really happy with the five kids that I
have thanks for watching I hope you guys
enjoy watching the rest of the videos
we're going to be posting while we're
here in Florida don't forget to like the
video leave your comments for next
week's mommy Monday video subscribe
thank you so much have a great day bye
