we're heading to the kingdom room here
we go look at this friend stuff look at
the floor the trundle bed look at these
cute beds here look at that and their
own life oh my gosh they spoiled us oh
you guys they give you guys waiting with
it and they're sure what do you guys say
to Lego people thank you look at our
cute treasure box down here it is odd
we're gonna have to go on the treasure
hunt for sure compute his big red mouth
is okay let's go this way so here's some
more Legos to play with here's the
bathroom to the right check out the
bathroom
Wow get the Crone spider let's look at
the shower curtain Oh cute what do you
think Alyssa it's super awesome
okay let's go back so now oh my gosh Oh
tarts you guys are spoiled look how cute
so much fun okay here's the master bed
cool decorations look at that flag on
the wall you guys Oh looks really
awesome I'm happy comfy chair look at
the headboard guys that is so cool we'll
have the nice details here the floor
everything is just so cool we just
solved the treasure hunt code and we're
going to see what's inside this box
oh wow you guys got necklaces oh cool
that's pretty lucky big poster oh this
is cool guys yeah hope you enjoyed the
kangas room tour thanks for watching
