we're on the road we're getting ready to
take this in a big surprise you have no
idea what it is and we're going to tell
them when we get there it is not know
never guess no one get there he'll be
good daddy can you believe it take us
all the way Danny and Papa tosses it's a
phrase
guess what nanny and Papa don't know
that we're coming
okay I'm really glad you are sneaking up
to the door go this way guys
okay ready bring it bring it
you're like texting me like what are you
doing to make up a little lie
was over here making some breakfast
click on this up she's been baking all
morning I got like three hours of sleep
last night but it was totally worth it
because we're at mom and dad's house
helping them move and we're trying to
get them to move as close as possible to
the kids in it
Michael found a comfy spot right here
while everybody else is working he's
watching Sophia there's actually you
here oh my gosh mom I have to go to do
these like our clothes like this you're
Michael which took on the way down my
mom I'm like mm mom you like everybody's
on the go and trying to see if we can
get my last sister to come here and be
with the family for the weekend she
hardly remind I said the other hand is
doing but my brother is acting like I'm
not working her hands nothing anymore
there we go that's working there we go
fix you got the top but you got it
breaks tea or as falling Christine go
Grushenka shame on that are going to
books Michael still in his jammies I'm
in my parent's garage and I found this
really cool oil can and I also came
across this Bell my mom said her brother
gave it to her so she said it works and
it just looks really cool so we're gonna
see these things somewhere in my new
house repurposed from my parents house
look everyone my best friend came to
visit me
yay this is my best friend Jessica I'm
noticing through like in kindergarten we
love each other we really do
there's the guys
it's nighttime and they're still working
there soon at my dad's shop watch.watch
name Murphy look how much sawdust is in
there over there gonna dump all this
stuff the last time this was organized
when I was like I think I was 9 or 10
this and I'm 28 oh gosh mom found this
super old Bank it's a little rocket ship
who wants to push the button see there
it goes
that person rocket down put the penny in
oh there go a Canadian nickel from when
I went to visit my grandparents in
Canada I think Michaels laying out this
bubble wrap because he wants to jump on
it oh I was right my dad has this giant
shed in his front yard and it's been
here ever since I've been alive
obviously it's kind of old looking and
we are today getting rid of it so my
parents can move it's on its side this
thing is heavy it's like all made of
steel the kids are loving this this is
my whole family like all my siblings
everybody we're all here too
I
my turn
John's gonna take a picture with my
camera working Mikey work it the person
with the shortest arm gets to take the
picture
Oh who is it gonna that's gonna baby
Ohana reunited again the kids have been
so good all day just playing
entertaining themselves my parents house
is completely full of all of our stuff
everywhere from growing up and we're
having a good time that we've been just
organizing things getting rid instead of
donating stuff going through a book sold
scrapbooks all kinds of stuff so here's
Stephen out here clean the garage what's
up I just shot back okay there's like
all of our old camping stuff look at
this this is crazy
thirty years of stuff all here it looks
really crazy right now
you wouldn't know that you two cars
parked in here not right now though
here's my goal asleep again his favorite
spot we're taking a break
Oh
Oh
I'll get a little
again
ah
Hey
that's I'm working non-stop for the past
three days here's the garage
we had a view last night and over here
it was a complete disaster now it's
looking a little better here dad's
workshop looking better
this whistle he did oh cool let me see
it
Wow Papa made that that's cool
this is the backyard I grew up in this
is our pool we got it when I was like 12
years old there used to be a slide right
there but then the slide broke when
someone went on it and jumped on it so
my parents took out the slide that's my
parents room off to that side there's
our bathroom and here's the two bedrooms
that we grew up in I mostly slept in
this bed room this is my room growing up
as a little kid and then when I got
older there's my sister but I got older
I moved into this room which is now my
little brother's room I'm eating one of
these mints that I found in my parents
house and they are so good I'm gonna
show you guys what they look like
they're called Scottish mint and my
grandpa used to have these and all your
kids if you keep them in his pocket and
he just pull them out and hand them to
us to get and it was like this big
special surprise so I found these my
parents house and I was like check
nanny said that you could take home from
jars of peaches that she canned good
that's good that's good
three jars you get four jars
look the kids love hand peaches my mom
grows he's on her tree and she can zoom
my mommy was little this tree was away
little mystery was like really short
next time I see you maybe it will be
because I'm moving in near to you then I
won't miss you say love you Nana I miss
you nanny bye bye we are on the way home
from my parents house and I'm going to
answer some of the questions from last
week's mommy Monday
Jennifer Harris asks why is Michael the
star of the channel and why is he always
being filmed so to address this all
saying that our channel started before
Michael was born so a lot of the babies
first we've been able to capture on film
that we were not able to capture for the
other kids so there are a few extra
videos of Michael because of that alone
but as far as mommy Monday is concerned
Michael is usually the one that's with
me because that episode started when it
was just being Michael at home and then
I've kind of started to add the other
kids into the episodes lately the
episodes have included a lot of the kids
though so whoever is with me is usually
the one that's getting filmed and that's
usually Michael for example on the video
we just did last week of our hike
Michael was the one with me while the
big kids were all exploring so Michael
got the most screen time I would have to
say though I'm pretty glad that my kids
the big kids at least aren't jumping in
front of the camera begging for screen
time and trying to be show off because I
think that'll be a lot more annoying if
my kids acted like that as opposed to me
just filming Michael a little more
hopefully that answers the question
Emily Edwards asks what we do when the
kids misbehave for our kids we use
timeout and loss of privileges a couple
people asked what my favorite color was
my favorite color is usually blue but I
also love all pretty colors that love
rainbows I love sparkly things anything
beautiful
all colors are pretty much my favorite
however my least favorite colors as far
as interior decorating in houses would
be
Brown
these favorite colors as far as like
houses in pink
kyla Calum asked what Michaels favorite
cartoon character is Michael loves
Sophia the first that's his absolute
favorite character of all time at least
right now previous to that it was Mickey
Mouse but right now it's definitely
Sofia the first Michael
Sophia
