hi Jill open Finn they're yummy yo
here's some of the letters we got we got
this card from Nikki that's nice this
one came from Michelle Wow
look how cute this is you guys look at
that we got this nice picture and letter
from Marley thank you mommy this is from
Gabrielle I'm going the comforting paper
is this one is from Shelby and I have to
say Shelby you've got some of the nicest
writing I've ever seen well you guys
think
pretty nice writing we got this came
from hazel who lives in the UK and she
sent a family picture and this nice
letter this one came from Lane and look
Chris on the second page he drew Pooh
Bear for you that's so cute
Zach is I can't you see pay by tomorrow
sure we also got this nice letter from
brinly this came from Sophie look at
this my little picture oh nice another
pretty letter she likes color like we do
yeah this one comes from harmony who
lives in the UK Wow look at that a lot
different that we have here we don't
have these these are life yeah these are
like twos
I love Twix oh and there's a letter
thank you
oh she wrote her name in cursive David's
gonna try the Milky Way let's just
trying to chew it really good thank you
harmony this one is from Savannah look
at these cute stickers you guys this is
a cool game to play oh that has a nice
Keys - that's really cool your gum and
you get this - it's candy michael wants
to open it yeah load them up and then we
could do that and then we put it all
back is it good so they're cute look how
cute and look how cute the lion is is
adorable okay here's the letter oh
that's really cute this comes from Sade
she says she's a big fan of our
challenge she wrote us a couple little
letters and she drew a picture
this came all the way from Fiji you guys
isn't that cool yeah thank you for the
adorable picture Thank You Marley we got
this letter from Kayla and we got this
letter from Caitlin and we got this
really cute Christmas card we also got
this letter and the purple envelope from
I'm just gonna give them a dollar for
the next birthday what do you say to
Catherine my friends twelve years old
she probably saved her own money that
sent you guys that that was nice very
nice Michaels happy with the bubble wrap
look at this from the lobby
this comes from Anna she's our nice fan
from Japan who also sent us something
before from Japan that's nice about it
said something twice inside that and why
so cool Oh cute apricots oh yeah it's
good thank you
hmm you like it too sure look at all
that the pop rocks turn into a string
look at the cute angel that's adorable
oh I love those you guys that is so
sweet
doesn't look good don't they oh yeah mmm
what does it taste like well he's like a
really really soft cookie with sugar on
oh this is from Olivia and she is 7
years old from England wow she's a good
job on that
look it looks like this is her oh how
cute that me look she has the same toy
did you do that for me
pretty oh my god 1 2 pretty music notes
she knows we like music is it chocolate
or was it like it shop yay
Thank You Olivia here is Olivia's note
this one is from Piper
oh you like balloon it's a hair clip
okay good where oh that's super cute
look we got this oh here's a letter
oh so much Piper music now Oh show me
what else tears Oh a hair clip and a
cute teddy bear and the hairband a
bracelet and a necklace look at that
thank you so much Piper this one is from
Madison nice picture Madison
oh that's Madison's family let me see
look how cute look what a nice picture
uh heads bunny what's that one it is do
you
nice bracelet with a Z on it
I got a deal my bracelet oh cool very
nice Madison you're a really good artist
and do you want to tell me what her
letter said it says dear Alyssa you have
a very nice personality and my favorite
video of yours was the BFF sleepover I
have three brothers and don't you just
want a sister sometimes like for me
because I'm getting a sister in January
oh but you're so lucky to have Michael
he is super-cute from Madison what a
nice letter thankful da nice mail got
these nice words from noe says David the
best big bed Oh
star is for Chris okay guys a tiny
little puppy came inside there yeah so
cute there is a letter oh this is from
Abby Thank You AMI
we got all these little pictures and
this nice Christmas card from Breanna oh
I think it is look at that Shana this
came from Elizabeth it's kind of gonna
eat her bone she says I just ate I know
I think she's two for dinner a nice
night tonight that's right thank you
we got these from Aida
oh my gosh a bracelet with adorable and
so cute clothes this is from Emily that
is so sweet
hmm Thank You Emily
she's from Slovakia Wow like it's for
Michael oh this comes from Leonie a book
for you it's cool oh that's really
pretty see what that is what a nice
picture there's a picture on the front
oh how cute man you guys are so cute
mmm-hmm that is so nice
this one's from crystalline other side
look at this nice long letter I think
this is so cool
it's her highschool card that's cool
thank you for the nice letter to look at
this it's my cold water roars I got it
tinnitus isn't it there's a lot of
things in here this one's from Alexis
happy sixth birthday Christmas Oh her
Christmas doctor opening our favorite
reason this one says for everyone even
NTC he that is so nice she remembered
meeting you chip i Scott we like the
Avengers huh cool
what'd you say to her little bit with
the flavin right there what's in there
David ooh candy cool look you guys this
is a picture of her go-kart racing and
it says mrs. mangy though was important
teen go-kart racing I won driver of the
week and I was picked out of the whole
country cool huh
it's an Olaf spoon for Michael I ain't
gone nice bedroom door that's awesome
baby and Zac you got your new job answer
there is a letter look at that nice
letter
oh those boxes oh okay and here is the
cute card
oh wow this is really nice-looking money
it's so pretty
Wow they sent you going so much this
comes from Dubai Wow nice huh what'd you
get David I got a guy and one nice money
uh-huh what else who are you already
eating one yes is it good we're gonna
save it in a special scrapbook that's
really cool oh look at that cool car
cool
what did you want to show me other
person who that's a really nice-looking
one that's cool buddy this is for the
main sense this is the letter you sent
oh look a yeah what to tell me I'm
seeing skirts are they this is just a
cool sticker st it's a really cute Wow
guys those are cool you guys like
stickers that's gonna be fun yes I love
ya yeah thank you for all the letters
and card we love reading them
