okay we're going to show you guys the
things were going to do to our house
before we move in so this thing here
we're going to take this thing out and
we're also going to take down that wall
and we're going to get rid of those
lighting things over on the walls in
this room we're going to take all of
this out this is a wet bar but we're
gonna take it out because it's gonna
open up into this whole play room here
so it's gonna be nice in the kitchen
we're gonna get new countertops and
backsplash and we're gonna also have
this thing taken out because it doesn't
work and then we're gonna turn this into
a working door so we'll have some
storage there this is nice granite that
we have but we don't really like the
color that much see if we have some
lights on in here let's see here here we
go
in this room we're gonna take out all
the lighting change the paint color and
turn it into a nice music room this room
is hard to see because there's no lights
at all and that's something we're also
going to change about this house is
adding lighting to the house but we're
going to take the double doors down so
there will just be a single door and
we're going to add a closet over there
on the side and this is going to be Zach
and Chris's room we're also gonna put
carpeting in here this is the powder
room it's kind of a purple maulvis type
color on if you can really tell but
that's the color we're gonna upgrade the
whole bathroom in here and it's gonna
look really nice when we're done this is
the master bathroom we are going to
change quite a bit about this because
we've got silver gold black brown gray
white pretty much every colors in this
bathroom so we're going to be changing
out the countertops and cabinets here
we're going to add some vanity space
over here I'm gonna remove some of those
Brown shutters we're going to be fixing
up this door hi ELISA but we are gonna
leave the gray shower and stuff like
that in this bathroom we're also going
to be redoing the floor this is one of
the kids bathrooms and you can tell
there's some water damage and stuff back
there so we're going to be fixing up the
bathroom we're considering fixing up the
countertop space here a little bit
possibly the cabinets because they're
not in the best shape but overall the
bathrooms pretty nice
this is his room but we don't like the
color do we no not our favorite color so
we're going to be changing up the color
in this room we're also going to be
taking down the closet doors and just
making you look better all around right
yeah yes let's show him your room this
is my room we're not going to do much of
Alyssa's room we're just going to take
out her closet doors and touch up the
paint this is Michael's room we're going
to be fixing up Michaels closet it's
hard to tell there's not much light in
here actually either so we're going to
be adding some light but in Michaels
closet the shelves are kind of at an
angle falling off the wall so we're
going to fix up the shelves fix up the
floor there's some stains on the floor
get some lighting in here and his room
is going to be so cute
room also another green room so we're
going to change this room to a better
color but she's been a pretty spacious
closet it's actually pretty deep so
that's nice here's the garage right
behind me you can see the door and our
cart is too big to fit in this garage so
we're going to be completely remodeling
the garage so that we can fit our car
inside here we're trying to pick some
carpet colors now we want something
maybe a little light or don't we have
now but we don't want to miss having
carpet I think I'll guys yes because our
current house is all tile we're still
looking at carpet colors we cannot make
a decision but we're leaning towards is
it that one yep that one that guy's
clothes smell a little more Brown we've
been here for like 45 minutes trying to
pick our carpet colors so I think now
we're leaning towards this one in the
stove people muttering I'm going on my
latex
I'm gonna be doing it
