did you find a big stick Michael you
can't fighting all these sticks it's a
nice Rock this is interesting huh guys
that's pretty crazy look Michael found
another stick
oh good idea
you see airplane yes you did get a rock
we're never gonna get anywhere on this
trail cures cuz Michael loves a rock so
much
magic magic he did it superfast oh wow
don't you pass Michael oh thank you got
it
there he goes his legs are going so fast
this is why we're never gonna get
anywhere on our bank no he's getting
dirt I know we should've brought it back
we're ready to keep going
okay great great
go to them
Oh
Michael's on the Chilean rock he's
really proud of himself
where you going Oh
okay put the rock away
yeah yep she found another one rocks are
you hiding them okay
you guys guys fringe Michael finally
well we don't get any snakes here you do
I suppose so you're right this is pretty
cool there's all these stairs having fun
yeah there's that way in that way I
googled my because that's way better
what's more fun doesn't it new Scott
book those are scary stuff
look at that
boom
okay I'm going to answer some of your
questions that you submitted on last
week's video I'm actually doing it right
now before the hike because I have a
feeling if I wait till after the hike
it's going to be too dark the first
question comes from Dee Robinson who
asks what the kids favorite dessert is
Zac and Kris love cake and cupcakes a
lot whenever I ask them that's what they
would pick David likes ice cream
Alyssa likes frozen yogurt and Michael
also likes ice cream he makes that very
obvious he runs over to the freezer and
he goes I cream eye cream so we know he
loves his ice cream also along the lines
of desserts too cute for butterflies
asks what my favorite dessert is I
actually have two things I really love
to eat number one is almonds with dark
chocolate M&Ms and the second is frozen
yogurt Angelo Garcia asks what my
favorite subject was in school and my
favorite subjects were probably English
and music mrs. waffles asks what my
favorite football team is so my favorite
football team is pretty much whatever
team has the best colors and now that
I'm thinking of the question I would say
the Florida team is a really good team
that is all about the one that's steel
and orange even they I think she was a
Miami dog yes that's it
they've got good colors you know I
should say I like the 49ers they're cool
- yeah - I'm gonna let Matt help out I
like the Buffalo Bills growing up I'm
not sure why Jim Kelly Thurman Thomas
all those guys they went to the Super
Bowl four years in a row but they could
never win it so there you go the Buffalo
Bills they're from New York yeah there
we go okay that's car drinking well wait
till she finishes ready you say fresh
ready
what thank you for watching ready oh
yeah thanks for watching thanks for
watching don't forget to give us a
thumbs up subscribe to our channel
submit your questions for next week and
like always follow us on Facebook
Twitter and Instagram I'm on it the kids
are not he's on it so daddy fun back
Family Fun Pack anything else that's it
have a good day
I
