therefore universally young it's from
South Korea let's see what's inside look
at the new mango jellies
first we're going to try this one
there's something Chinese they smell
like peanuts peanut butter fish we're
back I definitely love you're like a
sweet and spicy bugle next we're drawing
these wafer cookies these are really
crunchy and half chocolate inside the
chocolates really good so chocolate pie
looks yummy
I think this water look at you
these look like pretzels dipped in
chocolate and almonds there's an
interesting story that goes along with
this treat too I love the combination of
chocolate and nuts in this treat they
look super neat look how cute these are
this looks flat it's good to eat very
good I've been chocalate candy ball like
I'm bad
Alyssa I did not like that at all but do
you guys like it
yeah good what does it taste like mmm
chocolate next we're gonna try these
it looks like jello daddy fish how do
you think is good I think it tastes a
little bit plain
it's really especially like it back
it's like flavors it's not really good
you like the for mother yeah this one's
mango David you like it do you like it
yeah do you want me to help you eat it
ha baby help here
okay daddy help me mmm you like it oh he
gave that was that David looks like he's
still holding his in his mouth back
there do you like yours yeah do you like
yours don't try this on Michael okay do
you like it Michael Michael likes both
of them another three thank you and good
job next we're gonna try this one it
smells like baby food smells like baby
Chris good I think they're good they're
chewy and strawberry flavored now just
for this one it smells like gingerbread
mmm cuz it's a walnut candy I think it
takes for really good here's the last
one we're gonna try it's a fruity candy
oh look at it there's like the marbles I
used to play it as a kid
these are cool
it does smell good these are really
tasty you like it
okay look cool I think so too yeah okay
while you guys are eating this here's a
trivia question the number one high
school graduation gift for South Korean
women is a car jewelry plastic surgery
or a party let's me when you
like go to the doctor and they change
how you look
oh wow yo huh okay
the answer was plastic surgery that's
crazy
it says one in five women have plastic
surgery in South Korea here's a clue to
next month's box if you think you know
what country it's from leave us a
comment and let us know
