hi guidebook kids cooking today we're
gonna make sweet and sour chicken this
is the recipe women in our 24-hour video
here's all the ingredients you need to
make this recipe I already got some rice
cooking in the background because it
takes a long time to cook add two and a
half tablespoons of cornstarch let's
stir the rice add a half cup of
pineapple juice mix it together stir cut
thicken add two and a half tablespoons
of soy sauce
adding the rest of the juice from the
can of pineapple add an eighth of a
teaspoon of pepper also add an eighth of
a teaspoon of salt and a quarter a cup
of vinegar add a quarter cup of sugar
stir it all together add a half cup of
water earlier we cook two chicken
breasts in our crock pot add the chicken
add pineapple the more the better mix it
all together
let it cook for a couple minutes and
serve it over rice mmm this is so good
is it good guys yeah thanks for watching
