this house is so cool we had to get out
and take a close look can you believe
this full of minions but the thing that
zooming it oh my gosh look at the
mailbox mom look it like opens look how
cute that is this adorable
but this is let us in right here look at
their garage it's totally like wrapped
up with this adorable adorable pointing
oh look it's Disney I was getting really
excited cuz that something gave me there
look at that look how cute look at that
boat oh my gosh I love Disney this is
seriously so cute oh my gosh they even
have a thing here to put next year
suggestions oh my gosh look at this next
year's wood figures look at that cute
tree you guys the gumdrop tree look Oh
cute little going sledding here there's
28 minions in here
there's millions in this thing to
process can you find 28 oh there's one
right there there's another one if
unions
you guys think pretty cool this is
pretty awesome ah yeah this is their
Goro crazy huh
they did such a great job with this
house it's one of the best one we've
seen tonight there's the front again
there's the other side of the front and
there's Mickey of course
you
