hi everybody welcome to mommy Monday
it's almost Christmas I'm so excited
probably more excited than my kids are
and today I'm gonna show you because
it's almost Christmas some of my
favorite Christmas decorations I'm also
going to talk about stain treating
because I've been getting ready to hold
laundry tonight this morning because we
have not folded in like a week I swear
so I need to fold in my bed and I'm
going to have to wake up my cute little
love is over here totally asleep
this guy's like living out his teenage
dream right now
as a - there's not everybody what now
look at that outfit what's the plan and
it's to fix the check
yeah I know
whoo where's that a smile resist my life
disease my own I knew you could wake up
this is way too early
he's the city money girl he's just
dealing are you ready to go play so I'm
making our bed as quick as possible
totally not fancy because you're just
gonna leave the pillows there but at
least I can fold on this tonight yeah
three okay okay now I'm going to show
you guys how I treat some of the worst
things I've come across chocolate and
red dye to get this stain out I'm going
to use ice so you basically just rub the
ice on the stain and eventually it will
come out usually within like a minute
now I'm going to add a little bit of
water to it to help torque the ice
around you can see did that stain right
there it's almost completely out and
there's the area that had all the
chocolate scenes totally gone this one's
hard to see in the lighting but there's
red hair here and all through here and
here on this shirt and then right here
there's some more red this is snowcone
die for this stain I'm going to place
the shirt over the sink and here is the
stain right here the first one I'm going
to deal with here is the other one I'm
going to deal with and I'm going to grab
some boiling water from the stove and
slowly pour the boiling water over the
stain okay so you can see those two red
stains there and as I pour this boiling
water on them they're going to be all
gone there's one last little part right
there and this shirt looks like it is
back to being perfectly clean again next
I'm going to work on these jeans so
again same thing I'm going to place in
the sink so that they have a good place
to let the water kind of drain through
them kind of like that
the boiling water and pour it through
the stain pour it nice and slow
okay it looks like it's almost all out
there for a little spot right there
so I'm just going to pull it back up to
do a little hard
okay looks like that stain is all out
isn't that awesome guys when I first got
one of my kids are the red stain and
their shirt I was freaking out because I
couldn't get it I tried soap OxiClean
everything I could think of research how
to get it out and I rode boiling water
and I'm like really really that works so
I tried it it got it out and I was just
ecstatic so anyway those are my two
worst dates chocolate and red dyes those
are the ones that I could never get out
until I figured out how to get them off
so hopefully those helped you and if you
guys have any tips on grass stains leave
them in the comments because that's one
thing I'm still struggling with now
we're going to show you some of our
favorite Christmas ornaments and
decorations and David and Michael are
gonna help me this is a special one this
one David in Papa my dad cut out
together and painted and David actually
did all this with my dad's help from a
piece of wood we have a lot of Disney
ornaments so I really really like so I
like that one that one there's one here
another favorite because it's a beach
one I've had this one for a really long
time I think this one has the date yep
1998 I got this one I like that one of
course it's like and then I like this
one a lot I actually got this from one
of my piano students here's something
they got in one of our fan mails that
I'm right into a tree ornament I also
like this one a lot we got it when we're
visiting Texas so we don't really have a
ton of ornaments on our tree the side of
the back is completely empty and there's
not too many down low either because
Michael might grab them this right here
is my North Pole my dad made this for me
it is a something holder he even made
this cute little candy cane holders to
hold the stockings and here's our
stockings
I've been collecting there's our elf
hiding in the stocking right now and you
can see some of the Sakia this is the
first talking we ever got Matt and I we
were first married here some of my
favorite decorations this is one that my
dad also might not show you the size you
because you can see their noses stick
out isn't that so cute my dad also made
me this one he gives me one of these
pretty much every Christmas but I think
her in mind that I got from one of my
students and I have these adorable
snowman that my sweet David made me
finally I'm going to show you this nice
wooden nativity I got this on a vacation
once and then this something else my dad
made me put on a little walk oh he's
saying hi to the airplane oh oh good
throw Michael nice job
oh thank you I have a gold-tone stock
right here change of plans
my family decided helpful boner today
check this out though this is a lot of
laundry and we still have probably seven
more loads to go la aplicaci√≥n yeah
this is the soft pile they've got three
two working on socks and wool on yes you
two more laundry but who's excited for
Christmas mom are you excited yes okay
good okay it's time to answer some of
your questions the first question I'm
going to answer comes from gymnast lever
27 and she asks if Matt and I ever get
alone time we do get alone time when we
put the kids to bed every day so we have
a lot of time every day
and my sister watches the kids so that
we can go on walks so we'll go on a walk
almost every night around our
neighborhood and we'll take Michael with
us sometimes if he's awake still and
then we definitely go on dates when it's
our birthday you know Valentine's Day
anniversary of course and things like
that my sister's really good about
watching the kids for us and they love
it when she babysits so we do get a long
time but yes we are very busy so
sometimes it's rare so we cherish the
time we do have
Hannah Pearson asks when Michael is
going to
playing piano that's a good question
I've tried starting Michael already and
he's not quite ready he's really really
close but he's not quite there so I'm
gonna say within the next six months
hopefully he will be starting on the
piano a lot of you asked about the twins
and how to tell em apart and we're gonna
have a video coming up about how to
differentiate the twins so hopefully you
guys will be excited for that one the
question I'm going to address about the
twins comes from laurels life she asked
about dressing the twins the same so we
do often hostess when's the same and
when they were little I just thought it
was adorable to see two of the exact
same little kiddo sitting there and the
exact same outfitted I thought I was
just so cute so in the meantime of
course we started to realize that no one
else could tell them apart only we could
tell them apart so we started dressing
up in coordinating outfit so an example
would be like these two shirts they're
the same but different and then they
have these sweatshirts that are also the
same design but two different colors so
we do that quite often and part of the
reason we dress the twins the same is
because if one gets a shirt and the
other one doesn't get it it'll be a huge
battle over who gets to wear it so it's
usually best if we get a Star Wars shirt
that we get to Star Wars shirts that way
they can both wear them the good thing
is we don't have to do that with toys
generally we can get one of any toy we
never really have to get two of things
the kids are pretty good about sharing
the toys it's usually just clothes with
the twins that we like to let them both
have the same if they want to match that
day don't forget to submit your
questions for next week's episode thanks
for watching
