Oh me do it over now first yeah okay
that is so nice
somebody's watched a couple of David's
videos because their note says never let
your dreams die no matter what life
throws your way you remember your dreams
because number one you wanted to be a
pirate and your teacher said you
couldn't be a pirate you know the kids
got letters from Christina this came
from Dawn you guys look at this nice
letter oh that's cool cool that's really
cool
oh those are things about you Zack
that's a really cool bracelet this next
one comes from Evan look like he sent
you guys it's real money from Canada
isn't that cool hold it up David cause
it's kinda like see-through yeah I've
been also sent a picture when I hold it
up he drew Michael there and he sent a
letter the next one comes from Katelyn
like puffy stickers oh another that's or
try it on
Oh Michael look
do you like huh
which one's your favorite Michaels
organizing those stickers it was like
nice sounds for Chris Fallon's for that
they are washcloths and they're super
small like you see them there and as
soon as you get a wet they grow and it
becomes a full-size washcloth and how it
looks is whatever the pictures on the
front of it that's what the wash puffle
look like huh ooh
Wow Kaitlyn that's really really pretty
the next one comes from Justin he wrote
this really nice letter and he sent this
look how cute adorable so we're gonna
open this up
Wow this one comes from Starla in the UK
sounds really good look how Chris and
Zack are hanging from the top cuz you
guys are crazy boys nice and here's her
letter she says in her letter that she
has two rabbits and the snake you can
have snakes for her she says she likes
to crochet and she crocheted those
bracelets and we can time around your
wrists this last one comes all the way
from Bangladesh which is really far away
from here
honey look at you David you look great
oh my gosh that is gorgeous it is really
pretty oh my gosh we love rainbows don't
we look at that one - this one - look at
that so pretty look at that you like it
it's super cute no he's gonna go play is
in the About section here on YouTube
