hi everybody welcome to mommy Monday
today I'm going to be talking about car
seats but first I wanted to show you
guys something that came in the mail for
me this week usually when I check the
mail
there's like bills and tons of junk mail
I'm throwing away like half what I get
every week so anyway I got this card in
the mail this week and it was addressed
to me it said life is full of surprises
and I wasn't really happy because as you
know I love surprises so I opened it up
to see what it was inside and it was a
card that says you deserve it along with
a gift card which was really nice super
exciting and then inside there was a
second one so I opened this one up
before I even read the first one and
what I read when I saw this one was what
it said on the bottom one which is you
really do and I was like oh that is so
nice so I remember what it says on the
back and it says being a mom is
around-the-clock job so here's a little
something to recognize everything you do
and this second one is going to be one
that I can give away so that I'm going
to give this it's already stamped I'm
going to mail it to a mom that I know
that I think would enjoy this that
deserves it
speaking of giving things away hopefully
you guys like the video that we had our
kids give away toys in the kids really
love doing that so that was just such a
great experience for our family to be
able to give back like that and we're
also going to be giving back some little
text toys so pay attention at the end of
the video because I'm going to let you
guys know how to get one of those this
morning I've been spending time cleaning
out this room make it a little space for
family who's coming to visit us for
Christmas and also Zach and Chris are
turning 6 next week I can't believe
their birthday is already here my little
babies I have one more thing I have to
show you guys someone came and dropped
off this nice loaf of bread there it is
for us actually for me and that isn't
that nice ok I'm heading out to the car
and I kept my sunglasses on because I
cannot step outside without wearing them
a lot of you have asked about our kids
car seat situation and what kinds of car
seats they write in who rides in what
etc so that's what I'm going to show you
guys today
here's the current car seat
configuration in our
we have Michael here on the end I keep
him here so that I can put him in
without hurting my back and he's in the
Britax pioneer 70 then I have the twins
and Radian do knows I love those car
seats David's back here in a gray cow I
think it's the Nautilus and then Alyssa
is right there in the britax frontier we
also put car seat pads underneath our
car seats they greatly protect the seats
we clean out our car and there will be
so much junk and gunk stuck back here in
this section I mean you can see some
stuff that just hasn't come off but I
mean these things are life savers we
originally got these radians here for
the twins because we were trying to fit
three car seats across the back of our
minivan and we realized that even though
these ones say they can have three
across we could not actually fit three
so we got this and we paired it with a
different Britax car seat and got it to
fit in the back of the minivan but I
know the car seat you guys all keep
asking about is Alyssa's I know
everybody's wondering why do you put
your nine-year-old in the car seat why
do you put your heel in the car seat why
do you put your seven-year-old in the
car seat first of all I want to say that
California has really strict car seat
laws and it is required here that if
you're eight and under that you do ride
in a car seat first of all so Alyssa is
9 and I know it's hard for you guys to
judge her size based on videos she may
look big she may look small you know
whatever but regardless it is my choice
that I keep her in a car seat and she
doesn't have a problem with it but the
main reason I chose to keep even David
and I plan to keep David and the twins
in car seats similar to Alyssa for a
while is because of this a few years
back I was about to move Alyssa and
David and put them in booster seats I
thought that they were old enough and
they were assuming mature enough so it
seemed like the right thing to do and in
the meantime a friend of mine got in a
really bad car accident with her family
they were close to their house and I
think they hit someone or someone hit
them but it was a pretty bad accident
her kids were taken immediately to
Children's Hospital with some pretty
severe injuries both her and her husband
were quite injured I saw pictures of
them which is bruises all across their
bodies from this accident the
interesting thing was that one person in
the family in their car was not her at
all and it was the child riding in a
five-point harness the CHP came to
rescue them he
told her that the safest way for kids to
ride was with the five-point harness not
a booster seat so when I heard that I
started rethinking and I started
researching it and I realized you know
there's got to be a reason that race car
drivers and other people have five-point
harnesses not regular seat belts so I
decided to keep my kids in the
five-point harness because I believe
that it's safer and my kids don't mind
riding in it and I found quite a few
things online that support that not only
that but Alyssa's car seat is rated to
go up to 90 pounds as a car seat and
it's rated to go as a booster up to 120
pounds now Alyssa weighs less than half
that
so she's well within the age and height
and weight range for this
in fact it mentions that you should be
four foot nine when you move out of it
so my kids fit within the car seats that
they are sitting in I know it may not
seem like it or it may seem weird but
that's the story do you want to show
everybody how you get in your car Z
thank you okay let's do it
hey where you going yeah silly yeah this
is back there Oh Michaels get a trick I
can hide I can tell good job straighten
out the stripes there we go good job
what can you do that I don't know if
Michael can do that
do you help okay hey here we go here we
go ready oh there we go oh yeah that's
it the other one very good your name
you want to hear an e you love an e
Michael loves an e I'm gonna move on to
answering some of your questions now the
first one I'm gonna answer comes from
grace Vickers she asks about Christmas
shopping and how do I handle that with
buying presents for five kids so I think
that's a good question because Christmas
is upon us and basically what I love to
do that I've mentioned a few times is
say
shop I love going and getting a good
deal it just makes me so happy so what I
would recommend doing is going to target
because they have a huge sale starting
in like January so what I'll do is I'll
go in January I go to Target and I just
watch what's on the sale rack it's
something that's really good there's
only a couple of it I'll grab a couple
but overall I'll wait because they
usually do like 75% off 80% off 90% off
so you can get some toys when they're 90
percent off and they're super cheap so I
tend to buy almost all of my presents
for my kids but by like January usually
and I'll just have them I save them and
I hide them and then I give them to them
for Christmas and birthdays and that
saves a ton of money because you're
getting the same good toys that they're
most likely still going to be in love
with and you're getting a bit a fraction
of the cost a few people ask if Alyssa
and David share room the answer is yes
but this is exciting so if you're not
watching the whole video you won't know
this we just bought a house yay
everyone celebrate I am like so excited
you guys have no idea like I'm freaking
out every day I think about it we are
going to move we don't know VIN but we
got the house we're super excited we
can't wait to show it to you and in that
house Alyssa and David will not share a
bedroom we also got a couple questions
asking where and how to send fan mail so
we have our address posted on the About
section here on YouTube so just click on
the About tab and then scroll down and
you'll see where to send fan mail
finally Kimia a asks if michael still
wears diapers at all and the answer is
he wears diapers or a pull-up when he's
sleeping he's only two and a half so
he's not quite ready to be fully potty
trained in underwear without having an
accident in bed so the only time he does
wear them is in bed he does great on
road trips we drove him all the way what
six or seven hours I think last week on
a road trip and he had no accidents so
he's awesome but nighttime he wakes up
dry a lot of the time but not all of the
time okay so now I got to tell you guys
how to enter to win the Little Tikes toy
I mentioned so we are going to be giving
away two little tykes kitchens a boy won
and a girl won to enter to get this toy
you need to follow us on Facebook or
Instagram I'm going to pick one
Instagram and one Facebook winner for
this
so the directions of how to enter will
be found on there when I post it I'm
going to probably post it in a couple
days
so anyway I hope you all have a great
week thanks so much for watching and if
you submitted a question and I didn't
answer it please ask it again there's so
many great questions I definitely want
to answer them all
so thanks love you guys
