today so we are having a family party to
celebrate the movie I am for dinner we
are having minions mac and cheese he
their minion shapes he also got minions
cereal and we're going to be drinking
yellow juice
we have bananas and cupcakes and acute
succor and some surprise treats for the
kids look at our socks let's see this
David is Alyssa's super cute oh let me
tear Zack cute
oh and chris is it good yeah yeah the
minions oh cool this is fun
I looking photo minions your guys kind
of walk kiss it look he has green eggs
right oh you're right what are you doing
having this I'm fat
with you my feel like an elbow the kids
are gonna open their surprise minion
toys you wanted to start yeah go ahead
and open them
I got him Oh mommy about the one our guy
this is 700 cool was that what did you
get Michael silicon what did you get
yeah nice but you get Chris oh I love
yours okay look what he got you by Nancy
he's wearing a skirt that is so cute -
just the wife recon thus far I'm sorry
but stand up would you guys do you like
the jello
laughing and the other ones are really
cool octopus tentacles I'm working on a
paper doll cute it's good Darwin is good
and none are you guys ready to watch my
hands yeah okay go ahead
so what you guys thought about the movie
I got fabulous eggplant where you tried
to steal the crown I like the part with
when they robbed the bank
um what yeah listen um I like for my
roadie bank
uh he wasn't wanted and then like this
and then she was actually man I also
like the part where there's three guys
and they have hats on it and it ripped
or closed up their fender
I think burrata and their hair is crazy
along oh it's really funny yeah do you
have one that they back what oh you like
the crown ceiling part so is it an
a-plus movie should we watch it again
okay Michael fell asleep during the
movie
