I'm so excited to fought that day in the
park I know me too it's gonna be so much
fun I hope I would go get so soon on the
way to the bar
isn't this gonna be so fun so yeah right
and a half pet day at the park was
finally and rarely and have a picnic ah
oh no Sadie look at that for German
Shepherd up there it's lost Hayes ask
Bailey and Riley over there we must be
getting close
oh no it's barely look up there that
poor dog okay hurry quick
all right doggy Valley oh oh good well I
wonder if this poor dog is okay though
oh she's so cute are you all right I
think we should take him to the vet see
if he's okay I do too oh my gosh you
guys I saw the whole thing
are you guys okay yes this dog needs to
get to the fat bellies I think it's a
little bit hot okay
can we ride in your car sure all right
everybody come on emo okay come on
princess get in - don't mind you knows
they're all friendly you know of course
how to drive Abigail you know any Drive
on the correct side if there are a
potential problem
Thanks
I think everyone should stay out here
and obviously brought people to the
battens it's my dog since I found him I
say all right come on rocky let's go
into the back and see the nice
veterinarian this cat's looking very
healthy hi down the street there's a
doctor or chuck of some kind over this
puppy I'm warning you mom no I need to
knock me oh you're such a handsome boy
rocky let's get you up on the
examination table
rocky do it that's not very nice you go
good Oh hold on
no treats until after the examination
okay rocky bully let's check you out now
while your heart sounds good
oh that's more nice yes let me go over
here I'll grab something let's get your
temperature hmm looks good 100.4 okay
let's check out your eyes in your ears
good good your eyes good okay Rocky
let's get your weight oh good okay last
thing I want to do is get an x-ray okay
okay Rocky you can do an exercise now
huh okay smiley if you could just step
outside for one moment while I do this
x-ray will be done really quickly okay
rocky dome oh boy
okay all done okay Rocky let's cause
finally back in here and tell her the
news
smiley we're ready for you oh how is he
doctor well let's take a look you can
see there's actually no broken bones if
you look at the x-ray and that's great
news yes the only thing I noticed was a
minor abrasion on his little leg oh I
can easily bandage that up right now oh
thank you doctor you're so kind
he'll be good as new and just a dare so
that's good news to hear okay that looks
good I hope it feels good too
now let's just get this little comb here
we go okay well looks like Rocky's all
ready to go home Oh rocky doesn't have a
home he's a stray out on the street oh
no he's a stray yeah well maybe you
could adopt him would you like to adopt
a me seemed so nice you know has been
asking for a playmate these days I think
he would love having a new friend oh
that would be wonderful
would you like to come home with us oh
that's a good boy of course you do let's
go Oh dr. rocky you're so lucky you're
getting adopted you're gonna have the
best life
Oh daddy here's my friend Abigail meow
and this is Riley
Wow Wow
uh anyway so okay well let's get started
with the tour come on okay guys this is
a chihuahua he's up for adoption he's so
nice oh boy you can pet him if you want
we don't have any chihuahuas brah
she's so cute and down here we've got a
little Terrier bird option Oh cute boy
who cares are gonna keep the leashes in
case a stray dog comes in or if I want
to take a dog on a walk over here's
where I keep all the files you can see
oh that's so cute we had Adoption Day
recently I wish I would've known about
it every time I see a dog that comes in
as a stray I almost always want it no no
I love dogs down here we have the scale
and some medical supplies and over here
I have a bunch of my other supplies Wow
it's a really nice office beautiful I
love the color
thank you what about these animals up
here oh yeah this is my parrot right
here she says hey and this is our pet
ferret oh my goodness a pet ferret
that's incredible Wow pretty awesome
right it's a really cool I light it up
that bird so what do I don't submerge
sure oh lucky Abigail it's so pretty
you sure you should adopt her the answer
Horrocks finally everybody have never
dropped any animals in fact I've saved
quite a few myself that's true you have
saved something and you did just drop my
bird well I'm still gonna get it are you
sure you're gonna be a good owner yeah
it's pretty nice she likes she drove us
here I mean that means she likes animals
a lot since she drove us to the vet she
could have just you know taking us
nowhere okay well good point okay
we'll just be careful with her okay
she's a really nice bird and she only
bites when she gets hungry you gotta be
careful if you don't heat her all the
time she gets a little bit
you have some bird seeds yes I have some
for sale in the shop okay so here's the
foods that we hold our sale you have
turtle foot - yeah - cuz my friend
Leilani said she needed some maybe I can
get some for her
don't be wonderful would you like to do
that I can sell it to you okay I'll get
these bird seeds up here - perfect
have a great day okay Joey of course
it's my job and I love being a
veterinarian I love animals then love
caring for them that's so good cheerio
good bye looks like rocky has a new
friend up there
well yeah we'll be cruel and unusual to
separate - such good friends so maybe I
should take your farewell what did you
say his name was
I made him camel oh what a cute way he
looks kind of like a camel - that's my
name - Matt all right rocky camel time
to go oh this is such a wonderful day so
many good that's going to wonderful
homes well thanks again
you guys are really got a lot of people
and animals in that car there leilani
we're here hey Leilani I have a little
surprise for you Oh what is it turtle
food hey I needed that I thank you
you're welcome
are you doing what's your problem
what's yours you're wearing roller skate
well makes is we know that kitty God do
you can't do it still
well you can't tie your shoes why tie my
shoes all the time well I don't want
tied to me I like it I don't like my
feet to feel like they're too tight it
was still your fault your glasses don't
fit in your stuffing up until my glasses
as evidenced by all the last adventure
together
fine stop fighting you guys let's just
pick it up and it'll be fine I'll stop
the show stop whatever just hug it out
all right fine I love you Nate
that sure was a crazy day today I did
wake up this woman thinking I would be
saving a dog from the top I know it's
crazy
I think our pets are all getting along
really well don't you yeah they're
getting along great were you able to
find the hidden pineapple in today's
video if you did be sure to leave a
comment with the hashtag hidden
pineapple so we can choose you for fan
of the week
