it looks like me hello what is it Tommy
it's perfect because it's December 1st
it says surprise look it's like a little
pop-up card isn't that cute yeah
surprise did you guys miss me I'm back I
hope you love your present and remember
don't touch me or I'll lose my magic
love Holly's what presents if you leave
hmm hey look at these it's art papers of
color just bag of them for all two kids
awesome it is magic yes so we have to
set her down why don't we set her right
here yeah in our Christmas stuff yeah
and if she's watching you she might move
remember she moves during the night
sometimes in sizing today got a feed a
fan had excited yeah
waiting for those to come yeah yeah you
want to share she's are here are here
Michael just love in Kona she was how
you guys love coloring that's what I'm
saying you guys love to color Oh cute
red yeah she has Molly her other tdr
turns of the ringer or takes a lot of
different day they just kind of come
whatever I think that Molly sometimes
comes a little bit later and then tinsel
comes when it's almost time to go home
and you take some home
yeah why don't you look full exactly
tinsel flies excited guy will come to me
yeah okay this looks full everybody's
coloring and heating pump combined
that's right a nice Davis love you
