hi everyone good morning I am getting
ready to head to a list of school right
now because she is getting an award
I'm super excited because she has an
awesome teacher you texted me over the
weekend and she said eliciting an award
would you like to come and I said yes
and she said to me would you like to
know what the award is going to be and
because I love surprises I said no so
I'm going to divorce assembly to see
what she's getting
good morning my name is Jacqueline
whatever for this one's get everything
there was a broken glass
so excited brazen rise here Michael
loves to say I did
herself Alyssa she got an award for
academic ever in citizenship just now
Michael happy to see here look out kids
you look open your jacket let me see
your outfit
among the my home for Melissa's awards
assembly and I have quite a bit to do
today the first thing is taking care of
David because he seems to have caught a
little bug so he's home sick from school
the next thing is preparing for Alyssa's
party tonight she's having her first big
sleepover with like 10 girls
so hopefully this goes well for me
because I've never hosted a sleepover
with more than one girl before we're
also gonna try to get this guy haircut
today should we do haircuts okay
Michael's getting ready space trick
there's the before and it goes all his
hair
Oh
it's getting its hair styled lucky buddy
are you feeling a little better - good
Jessica how few you like oh there we go
what did you get
it is good it looks good those are M&M
cookies Kiki miso sauce
oh look oh my god you killed oh that is
really awesome oh my gosh I love that
thank you you guys didn't get a good
look I'm gonna hold the cake a little
further back because after I looked
inside I noticed how cute the edges work
look at the colors I'm like love color
this is so cute thank you so much for
sending this to us I am at home
currently sorting through tons of girl
stuff for the party I'm about to throw
from Lissa tonight and now I'm gonna
take a second and answer your questions
you submitted last week the first
question I'm going to answer comes from
Jamie Dyson who asks how we do family
mealtime in our house so the autumn has
definitely been an evolving thing with
us because it literally was us chasing
around someone with a spoon in a bowl on
the other hand trying to get our kids to
eat when we had four kids three and
under and it continued like that until
the twins were like two or three
probably and then we moved to the house
that we last lived at where the kitchen
table was over carpet so at that point
we kept our little tykes table in the
kitchen where the kids ate at the little
table so they would spill on four that
we could clean easily and then Matt and
I probably stood up and ate our dinner
standing up next to the kids table I
would say for like a year straight um
it's been interesting and now at our new
house it's over a tile floor so
everybody gets together as a family it's
been really nice actually sitting down
getting the kids in that routine of just
sitting down and eating together as a
family which is what we prefer to do and
then I don't know if you're also
wondering about like meal choices for
example but I try to make everyone eat
what we cook I don't generally cook a
lot of different things for the kids you
are kids aren't that picky but I mean if
you don't want to eat what we have then
you're gonna have to wait to the next
meal is usually my policy the acapella
singers and the multi bunch both ask us
how we do our laundry so I am going to
guys a little bit about my laundry
because we do have a lot of laundry in
the house for living in now the laundry
is downstairs and all the bedrooms are
upstairs so we keep all of these laundry
baskets in my closet so we have to fit a
portion for whites one for Reds pinks
oranges yellows and then these three are
for darks and basically as soon as these
are full I'll take a laundry basket and
carry them down to fold them and I'll
show you guys that here's the clean
laundry I fold it on my bed and I
basically will take one of these bins
downstairs and wash it and bring it back
up so right now we've got five good size
bins laundry to fold as far as a washing
schedule I don't really do that I
basically just go by when the laundry
baskets are full in the closet it's time
to wash them I usually hold once a week
sometimes not once a week because we're
really busy but I try to and usually
Matt and I will fold the laundry
together at night as the kids are
falling asleep because it allows us to
stay up here in our room and kind of
like hear them and make sure they're
actually sleeping but we're also using
our time wisely while we do that by
folding laundry
the last question comes from David
Fajardo who asked how Matt and I meant
now this is a good question hopefully
it's not a boring story for you guys but
basically we're bolte college and his
roommate was on a dating web site and
Matt was making fun of his roommate and
so his roommate said you know what you
can't make fun of me until you've tried
the website yourself so Matt signed up
for this dating website in the meantime
I was over with my roommates complaining
about how I never ever went on dates and
so my roommate is in her room going
Christine what's your favorite color
Christine how tall are you and I'm like
what do you want to know this for and
eventually she told me it was because
she was signing me up for a dating web
site and I'm like really I'm not doing
that so Matt paid for a one month
membership so he could message people
and whatnot
pay for membership so I could look at
profiles but I didn't really see it
going anywhere so I wasn't about to pay
for it so anyway what I did do was I
embedded my email very cleverly into the
description that I gave up myself of
what I like to do and all that and you
had to be careful because if they notice
that you had any like hat signs or dog
any of that kind of stuff they would
take it down
Matt was one of the clever ones that was
able to figure out how to contact me so
he sent me an email and we decided to go
on a date well the funny thing was as
the state approached I decided that
shopping sounded way more fun than going
on a date and I only accepted his date
because he said he would take me to a
basketball game and I loved basketball
so I was excited for the date but like I
said the day came and I was like I don't
want to put on makeup I just want to do
this so I just didn't go so I'm out
shopping with my other roommate and the
other roommates bill at home calls me up
she's like Christine there's this guy
here waiting for you at the house
I'm like oh my gosh I don't know why I
thought he like wouldn't come I don't
know what I was thinking so I'm like
well is he cute and she's like well you
might like him I'm like well should he
come home and she's like yeah I think
you should come home so I'm like okay
fine so I decided to go home as soon as
I get there of course I start feeling
really guilty that I totally was kind of
rude and I'm like hiding my face running
through the door I didn't even look at
him and I say to my roommate okay should
I put on makeup or not and she's like I
think you should put on makeup so I put
on a little bit of makeup and we go to
the date or I'm totally late I made us
late for dinner so this is actually a
double date and we missed our dinner and
we had to have it afterwards but it
turned out that Matt and I obviously hit
it right off he was really nice we just
totally got along and he told me that
when he had first seen my picture on
that profile he knew he was gonna marry
me but he didn't want to scare me away
so he just asked me on a date
continued to date me so we went on that
date the next day we didn't see each
other
the day after that he came over and
every day after that we saw each other
we never had a day apart after that
second day of seeing each other and he
asked me to marry him the next month
actually we got married six months later
so it was very quick but we knew it was
the right thing to do and I think it
worked because we were still married we
love each other we've got some beautiful
kids I also want to take this time to
thank everybody for watching this series
I've been doing mommy Monday and it
wouldn't be right at this time if I
didn't also express my gratitude for
everyone who has watched our Channel and
who subscribed to our Channel who's
wiped our videos who shared our videos
and I'm honestly so humbled that this
has even happened to us I'm like the
biggest baby but that my life has just
changed immensely I can't even describe
it my children's lives it's been amazing
having this youtube channel so I just
want to thank you all from the bottom of
my heart for supporting my family for
loving my family for all the support and
care and love and I can't even say it
enough how special we feel because we're
just a regular family we're just like
everybody else
but yet you guys have just made us feel
like the coolest people in the world so
I really want to thank you for that
thank you so much we love you all so
much
oh and don't forget please submit your
questions for next week's video
