hi guys so lately I've been seeing tons
of Facebook posts for my friends with
pictures and status updates saying
things like I love my drawing foods and
look at these things like up and thrive
and I keep wondering what is this stuff
and I just figured it was something for
people with certain dietary needs or I
don't know what I thought it was for but
I figured anything it probably wasn't
for me so I finally decided to look into
it and it turns out that it is for
people like me it is an online
subscription based company where you can
order your foods have them delivered to
your house and they're all super healthy
and they're also quite much lower in
price so I was super excited to try this
out and today I'm going to show you my
haul okay so here's what's in our first
box lots of stuff in here it looks like
a catalogue oh okay let's look at this
one first this is white chocolate and
next
and then we have some cereal it's peanut
butter flavor yeah and then something
else you guys know like macaroni and
cheese open it over there and we have I
love these tilbage oh my gosh did you
like my favorite fruit snacks they are
so soft and so good I'm gonna eat the
whole box is that okay okay and then we
got this it's for Michael it is pouch
goods No then we got some fruit strips
for the kids lunches and then this is
actually for Kona chicken rice treats
yeah oh this is for mommy you it is a
chocolate bar dark chocolate peppermint
stick I know they love these they are
freeze-dried strawberries put them back
on the shelf
these are tortilla chips my dinner
popcorn that we have granola cornbread
muffin mix oh we got pineapple rings the
kids love apple oh yeah
well right I'm excited about this this
is tapioca I used too much tapioca
always kind of the kid I haven't had for
a long time and then we got peanut
butter powder I love this stuff because
I know much was intolerant so I cannot
have any types of ice cream so I get the
vanilla lactose free ice cream out but
peanut butter powder on it because
peanut butter powder is healthier than
peanut butter and it still has the same
flavor so I like this a lot to these
fewer calories and still abrasion and
then it hurt another and then we got
turkey gravy
I picked this gravy because it does not
have any of the spices that I'm
okay we got diaper wipers for Michael
we're going to put these in the car and
use it for hands and any kind of messes
in my house is my country and we got
tomato paste okay and we got barbecue
sauce and we got Kate I'm super excited
about this paint it it comes in powder
form it says inside there so I guess you
just mix up the powders and make your
feet and it's really cool if you go
friendly I'm really excited to use this
so you like to be and to things I'm also
super excited about that for me are
these two lip balms
one of them has peppermint in it and
this one's vanilla honey they just both
sounded really good so I couldn't resist
not getting them the hackers things
super carefully so you don't have to
worry about anything breaking your
shipment got a second box we have two
Kim's and evaporated milk and some
sweetened condensed milk and stay tuned
because we're making fudge with those
next month in a video it's going to be
really good and we have split pea soup
and another slippies superego and we
have Andy's all-stars they're super good
they're into
Beto's off and then I'm saving my
favorite thing for last I got myself
just really good-looking so it is
vanilla bins I love vanilla and I love
anything mint so I'm just hoping this is
what's gonna be really really good in
fact I'm going to smell it right now
okay really good oh here's all the foods
we got delivered this time what family
cares a lot about the food we put in our
bodies but getting healthy food can be
pretty expensive so we are pretty
excited to find that thrive market calm
had such good prices especially since
they deliver a right to your house what
I actually love most about this company
and they're pretty charitable for every
paid membership by market com donates a
free membership to a low-income family a
teacher or veteran thanks for watching
our thrive market haul video I'm super
excited to try all these food I'm
especially excited for the hands up and
the lip balm that I got for myself and
I'm like really excited to try this
rustic chocolate they loved dried fruit
do you like those if you guys want you
can head over to thrive market calm
slash family fun pack and get a special
offer it is two months free membership
as well as 15% off your first order and
if you've already ordered from thrive
let me know what your favorite things to
order are I'm interested to hear that
thanks for watching and we'll see you
next time
