hi guys today the boys are going to
check out these growing reptile eggs
okay put them in wanna turn in your
water
you're Michael put yours in I won't know
what's gonna be in the eggs what do you
guys think is gonna be inside those eggs
Oh Paul any be water you think there's
gonna be water in there yes
grapes what do you think Zack I can be
as Oh a shark okay Chris Gus is a shark
and that that's a bat okay we'll see you
shot back with you in two days
well that's a shack on the wet tile eggs
whoa - double knot in the bowl let's see
what it goes
are they squishy our hearts go then hold
still you know kind of slimy yeah you
lay all all here's a hike you can fix on
my phone okay boom
you having fun yeah
there's a left go eggshells all these
turn up so spit in my hair and still
this is the glove did you guys like
doing this yeah
