hi everybody it's Monday morning it's
early I just jump down to the shower and
we are about to go on a road trip
my grandma is turning 95 so we are gonna
get ready to go here pretty soon but
first one to tell you guys about my
weekend I went to this awesome party at
the lush store and they gave me all this
really cool stuff and I wanted to show
you guys what I got because this was my
first girls night in like the longest
time I was with my sister and we met a
couple friends and it was just really
cool I got this nice canvas bag filled
with all kinds of stuff I got this
facial moisturizer and hands grab and
then this part was really cool I'm gonna
show you guys some of the footage from
the party because I actually got to help
make these face masks and we actually
met Dan who makes them so it was really
cool doing that we got this I got this
bath bomb I got to pick out a couple
soaps to take home so these are the ones
I picked the other cool thing was we got
to go to a station where we made our own
bath bomb so this one has some blue in
the middle of it and it's not just so
cute plus I made it myself
that's cool as we were leaving they let
us pick out a surprise gift so I picked
out this one and it has two bath bombs
inside it they let me pick out a second
one so I got this one
give ELISA and that's what's inside
Alyssa's okay I'm gonna try and mask out
I haven't done this for a long time
because I'm always so busy so this is a
banana oatmeal one it smells really
really good
okay there it is this smells so good
putting on it was so cold coming from
the fridge this was awesome but I'm
gonna go see what the kids think of my
face you like it
it's a spaceman yeah no it's nice it
makes your face feel good you want to
smell it it looks gross smell it here
what do you guys think
no my pee is kind of interesting
don't like cupcakes it's banana and
oatmeal just like banana a little bit no
well in a few minutes I'm going to clean
it up and then we are going to go on our
road trip I know you guys are super
excited yes that's what I use Thanks
caches ready yeah we're getting ready to
go here's the kids clothes I have laid
out on my side of the bed I would have
to wake up my little love because he was
still sleeping in my bed
your clothes on my footstool a mother
look at them okay I officially deem this
as a no makeup Monday because my feet
feels felt good I don't even want to put
makeup on today so anyway this is me I'm
going to now answer two questions that
you guys posted on the last mommy Monday
video the first question I'm going to
answer comes from the go getters blog
and they asked if I could give a tour of
the kids car seats in our car and I know
that's not something I'm going to answer
right now but I did want to mention
their question because I thought it was
a great one and I will definitely do
that on upcoming episode of mommy Monday
Millie Wilson is the next one I'm gonna
answer and she asks how often I clean
the house that is a good question
because you might not believe that I
actually do vacuum once or twice per day
my vacuum has never been in the closet
once since we lived in this current
house I pretty much just leave it out
and every time I see junk on the floor I
just do a quick run over I try not to
postpone my cleaning till like once a
week because I feel like if I do that
the house would just be a complete
tornado so when I see stuff on the floor
I will just pick it up and bring it
upstairs with me in fact I have this
pink basket I keep upstairs or
downstairs basically and it's like my
carrying up the stairs basket so if I
find something downstairs that belongs
upstairs
I'll stick in the little pink basket and
then when it gets full I'll bring it up
or at the end of that night I'll bring
it up and then I leave it at the top of
the stairs and I kind of fill it with
stuff and then it goes back downstairs
and that's kind of like my routine for
just easy way to collect stuff and bring
it up and down the stairs thanks for
watching this episode of mommy Monday
and don't forget to leave me your
questions so I can answer on next week's
video
you
you
