hi guys today I'm going to show you guys
a new learning app we just introduced to
our kids curious world send us a
subscription to the app and today I'm
going to show you some of my favorite
parts okay come on which ones do you
like one of the things I really like is
that there's so many songs to help the
kids learn things
you like the balloon do you like
what's in your hand people Walter you're
exercising
it's got games Michael's playing a
little Curious George game right now
it's kind of exciting to see my kids
also enjoy Curious George and it has
movies and songs and stories that they
read to you it also has a parent
dashboard that I'll show you guys in a
few minutes pretty cool because you can
see how long our kids have been playing
different activities we have to help
carry us George put the food back where
it goes can you help us where are the
chips go
okay we'll do more you can click right
there to see the parent dashboard then
click here to enter once you're inside
the parent dashboard you can see how
much time your child spent on the app
you can also see what type of activities
they've been doing and you can see what
learning area they've been working on so
I notice here that Michael spent most of
his time watching videos followed by
playing games and then reading books if
you scroll down a little bit you can
also see the most-played activities your
child has been doing within the app I
really like this out because it's got a
lot of national geographic stuff which
might is really really like and then
it's got some books that are just some
of our kids favorite books such as this
one the app is great for three to seven
year olds because you can either choose
to have it read to you or you can read
it yourself
little glue has a delivery job to do by
trees ready to take a run you can find
curious world in the iOS App Store you
can also click the link in the
description box and get a free trial
that can Kris really enjoy this app too
so we're going to have some upcoming
videos where they talk about their
favorite parts of it
