hi today we're going to open Finland we
got this nice letter from trade Thank
You jqj we got this really nice-looking
fan mail from Rhea and Evie oh they
wrote you all an out look at they gave
Michael a Bloggie oh so cute do you like
it Michael Michael you're so silly
we got this nice letter from Nathan with
this super cute picture and
unfortunately the envelope was ripped
while it was being shipped to us so we
will tape this together so that we can
save it
this last one we're opening is from
Taylor look there's even one for me and
daddy oh if the horse is Alyssa is it oh
cool
you can put your toys in there Oh David
loves Pikachu
what is this Boober Chris what's up
Michaels opening don't take it from him
though do you like it Michael it's going
super fast that's pretty cool isn't it
let me see the inside of that again
David
it's like a pokeball huh that's cool
this is from Taylor who lives in
Australia I really like this letter you
wrote and there's the bracelets that
Matt and I got
