today I'm going to be showing you guys
the new Little Tikes four and one trike
the first thing I love about this trike
is the color scheme I just love this
ceiling grain it was easy to assemble
and a lot of these are no tools required
so when you want to take off the top
part of the seat or if you want to take
off this right here all you have to do
is put these little pigs and they pop
right out you've got a cute little snack
tray that holds a sippy cup and a few
little treat I love the Sun canopy right
now Michaels got a seat on the footrest
but as he grows the seat is adjustable
and he can start to use the pedals he'll
be able to use this until he's about
five years old
another nice safety feature about this
trike is that you can push this button
right here and it will stop the pedals
from turning when you're in parent mode
super easy to push and one of my
favorite features is that there's a
perfect spot for my scone candidate a
seat belt for this one
and - can have fun with this too
Oh
you
