we just got a new play-doh joy that's
Rainbow Dash from My Little Pony I'm
asking because it's split let's open it
I'm going to take up fillings and start
making them pretty it's so cute look how
good I'm doing looks great looking
pretty Thanks
I'm comic dust doll looks cute now it's
time for the hair it's gonna be my
favorite part be sure to lock it in
place
whoa Daleks
let's try new color be careful when
you're about to put the next Fallen to
make the hair because if you open this
too big you'll squish the top of your
hair off
I'm Michael oh look at that cute
hairstyle news tonight that is really
cute are you working on the other side
make sure you're doing Tom Chris and
you're playing - my favorite part of
making the pony was making her hair
what's your favorite color to put in her
hair leave us a comment and tell us your
answer thanks for watching
