hi today we're gonna open Universal
young the fun stuff in here this big one
this is really big baby doing a picture
captain my taste that's a big tongue
like a crack whore kidding it it says
it's made with Gouda cheese hmm there's
a really creamy here that oh good
I thought it was gonna be spicy but it
wasn't these are named after their pets
carrot you and Owen
waah Michael got the King peppermints
listen clear shubo honky Michael do you
like mint you didn't like it
that's okay I laughed means this one and
that one it says goes with these
sprinkles yeah they suggest that we eat
this like the people do for breakfast
with a thin layer of butter and a little
bit of sprinkles on it
hey guys watch out Michael take a bite
I'm good I think he's trying to get the
sprinkles off I love you gotta eat it
Michael
hey David show how you're taking a bite
I love this wrinkle Michael Michael look
Michael take a lot I love that chocolate
winkers need whoo
I didn't think crunchy bags or taste
good but it does I'll have to split
athlete flatfish mmm
this is nice and chewy it seems like
eggnog
it tastes like it's a toothpaste that
they visit the dentist it says that they
have a drink that tastes just like this
but these ones they've made into candies
and they put it on waffles pancakes or
ice cream they use this stuff everywhere
that is really cool this is super look
yeah my racket I think it's really chewy
it is so good it is it kinda has a
chocolaty middle with a caramel outside
is really soft and good this is my super
duper flat one this look like little
waffles Fischer doom they're so good
they've got some brown sugar in there
take a taste it I love the caramel in
the middle this is so good I love it
gonna think this one looks so good not
really good the middle it isn't a half
maybe nuts in China
hey these taste like crunch bars but way
better little bit do they you know what
it says and said Sadie's for when they
celebrate Christmas in the Netherlands
oh yeah awesome really crunchy they do
look good and crunchy says they also
have cinnamon nutmeg and cloves in them
we like cinnamon huh here's this I think
they're getting the Napoleon black and
white licorice balls
it's a salty black licorice type of
thing do I taste like something so set
candy it up it definitely has a salty
flavor I think they're expecting
something sweet and I got something
salty yeah colossal ring is a Napoleon
raspberry wine balls the center have a
different flavor here's the trivia
questions from this month and I'm going
to ask the kids one of these the
Netherlands supplies 70% of the world's
what here's your four choices cheese
bacon licorice or absinthe
what's absent I have no idea G okay so
david says cheese what do you guys think
mmm what's that the sec cheese bacon
licorice where I'm stood literate okay
what do you guys eat what do you think
hey guess what the answer is
bacon can you guys believe that I was
surprised to hear that yeah the base of
why tons of bacon for the world me too
here's the clue to next month's box if
you think you know what country it's
from be sure to leave us a comment and
let us know
watching
