hi guys today will Condor house to come
on here's how we come in the house we
have this interesting little thing here
that kind of opens up into the house and
then over here we have yeah this is
mostly where Michael plays our mountain
little cars sip a rocket ball there's
our other piano okay we had to take a
break because someone came to our door
want to keep going Chris
yep these are the ball pit balls that
we're currently not using and then in
this corner is my glass case that you
guys saw in the old house except this
time it's not full of anything because I
don't want to live here too long and I
don't want to unpack it for nothing so
yep those are Halloween pictures and
then over here we have our fish and then
if you keep going this way it's our
family room oh and there's very watch TV
there's some of our cute things we've
gotten from our fans and then our
backyard that is still full of boxes
this is out of come our box court and
then our desk and then here's where we
eat and then there's the kitchen and
then if you go through the kitchen a
little more looks like Michael's been
playing in the cabinets here this is the
laundry room I don't really like this
design of the house because the laundry
room leads right out to the garage here
but it's like really small so this is
the kids backpack area this is the only
place I could fit in and it barely fits
there oh and there's my little love and
he's not wearing his clothes uh-oh
um okay let's go back this way and we'll
look upstairs and then if you walk
towards the front door actually there's
a closet in the bathroom and Auntie
Kiki's room so there's her bathroom
and then here's for room mmm
there she is and there's her dog leg Hey
okay and then we can go welcome to our
stairs yes so here is our costume area
it is massive and there's also on the
bucket yes any other reason I don't like
the house we're living in is because
this is our only linen area and it's
really not that big the shelves are like
you know six inches deep and it's not
good so everything is like sitting out
in buckets as we can't fit at all anyway
so over here this is kind of cool
because it's all open this is the kids
main toy room this is my favorite show I
love my you got a new train and more
costume yeah that's the old costume rack
and tie we didn't have as many mm-hmm
some more of the toys and the cool thing
in this room is this and my dad made for
us out of wood he made it any painted
and everything
Wow throwing candy out of the corner so
this is Alyssa's area in the toy room
this is to be in her bedroom but because
we gave one room to my sister we don't
have as many rooms for the kids in this
house
so all this and David Scher so some of
their toys and stuff have to go outside
and then just so you can see if you look
over that's what you see when you look
downstairs
this is horses and here's some of my
dinosaurs and then where's his room azuz
guys yeah
you know I love my day why oh yes David
has a awesome bed so this is David's
half of the room that like his dresser
in his bed and then Alyssa half is like
over there
so everything does fit and then this is
Alyssa's desk from before in her
headbands actually and her hair stuff
has to go in here because their bathroom
is also much smaller in this house are
playing honey together mama who's nice
buddy and bracelet right here
yes necklaces the bracelets are
important so here's Alyssa's side right
here notice that her side is much more
decorated than David's
that's all hers and then Alyssa is a
dresser oh we have to show this this is
stuff that we got from our fans Nicole I
got some stickers here another Alyssa
stickers what
what your your beds are ruined
oh no show me oh but they're not ruined
I have a feeling he was joking so you
guys have already seen the twins room
when we showed their beds off but this
is their beds and I took the closet
doors off of this closet here because I
could barely fit their dressers in this
room so I want to put one in the closet
and then this is there other dresser
this is their cute laundry hamper I love
that and then over here is their
bathroom so in our old house there was a
bathroom for each kid so the twins had
the red Mickey Mouse bathroom that's
their rug and Alyssa had her pink one
and David had his Batman one so I just
put all the rugs in there and they all
share and then if we go this way we're
gonna see our bedroom so this is where
we are hanging out this is our own
there's our dresser and we have this
nice balcony that has a nice view
Michaels area is over there and I can't
show you what Zac's sitting on because
it's a surprise video coming up but he's
on something obviously there's Michael's
dresser and laundry of course everywhere
and then this is our bathroom so this is
where the kids usually shower and bathe
as in ours and then our bathroom is
about the same size as the old house
we've got like the two sinks and
everything still and our bathroom and
then our closet the one thing that's a
lot bigger is the closet we've got a ton
of laundry in here and all the kids
Christmas presents so don't tell them
yeah the kids closets are a lot smaller
in this house so I actually have the
twins clothes right there David's closes
right there and then Alyssa's clothes
right there this whole entire wall
because their closets are really small
and then I have stuff there and Matt has
stuff over there but it's pretty big
mostly dresses yes so when you come out
of our bedroom when you look here to the
left there's this interesting little
thing and you can kind of like look out
here and you
and see you down the stairs from here
but basically this is like my junk
corner all of the kids to small clothes
that I need to sort through and organize
or things that they ruined or things
that I just want to get rid of or
whatever it might be that I don't know
what to do with this is where it goes
including some boxes of stuff that we
just never unpacked because it's
actually mostly towels over there in the
boxes because there was no room in the
linen closet form so that's in here and
then we actually have all the doors
right there from the closet so anyway
don't judge everybody has to have a junk
corner so this is where I keep my random
stuff is anything else we need to show
them in her closet
I thought she wants us to show her
closet but yeah it's a pretty nice house
it's actually a few square feet bigger
than our old house just so our design it
didn't do a very good job with the
storage like they did in our old house
so yeah hope you guys like the house
tour thanks for watching
