we're here for
one more
today
this is Hannah we met her inside the
Haunted Mansion and she loves to watch
our Channel
did you love starburns it's it's Sara
and she watches our Channel
move Alex good let me see the front of
your bag
nice place they gave it to you
guys tired we didn't even stay till
midnight
and I walked away to get that hotel room
can they fell asleep we got back to our
hotel everybody is asleep listen they
were going to show you guys their candy
haul good look at all this good stuff
they got these cool lookin oh yeah oh
chocalate I love those chocolate
pineapple Chris yeah let me sniff for
that up close yeah anything else gonna
here smile David well let's go help cute
your bag is these are our Halloween bags
this year oh yeah let's look at that
yummy treats those are the healthy
options that you can take instead of
getting heavy
