hi we got today
ones from money Mike what do I do what
do you say to him that was sure nice of
you to send your money to the kids
she gave me two bracelets and justice
earrings and two candies and my name
Willa
nice bracelet kickstand Allah this is a
letter from Ashley and something I
think's cool that she's getting her
letter is that she's also a twin isn't
that cool wow they're really excited
about these fruit roll-ups because they
realize that there's pictures on them I
can't wait to wear these earrings look
at this you guys
would you guys get oh wow what are they
oh god someone who loves me very much
they're coasters it's all oh my god oh
my gosh Wow I love it look at how pretty
this is
oh really Wow here's a letter to Alyssa
it's lip on two things here's your other
letter look at all the cookies these
will be great on the fridge mommy I'm
super excited I love magnets this is a
great package thanks so much for sending
it Oh like those stars that koalas rare
my fur you like those koalas yeah that
is such a cute purse it's adorable
Dana aya and Sami thank you
