hi time for universe a young love yeah
hey
oh my gosh I'm so much stuff how about
this these are good they're kind of
sweet a little bit like bananas it says
you can even use these like a straw
what's this one that looks awesome
Oh step on it good take a little bite
mmm there's a vanilla
is it good yeah a chocolate candy bar
that I've tasted lunch loves a good this
is one of the world's most popular candy
bars
the chicken is interesting the good
Michael here I think you liked it what
do you guys think like fruit yeah yeah
kind of chewy like a fruit roll-up it
has a nice guava taste that takes a
while to come in it's got that sandy
guava texture it's really good actually
mmm do you guys know seen it that means
buddy
no it means bacon someplace is a capital
C no pond Santa look how cute you guys
they look like pieces of bacon no really
thank you just tastes like pork rind
it's really salty yeah they are really
very good doesn't really taste like
bacon to me I'm not sure if Michaels a
stand key Michael pick one whoo Michael
picked the cheese
I don't like it it's good I like it good
oh that's a coconut candy does it taste
like coconut yeah oh look how cute the
packaging is on that one I like it this
is good I tasted it it's a milk
chocolate hazelnut spread my life
chocolate and vanilla hey Lisbon
it tastes like Nutella own the Kajal huh
it says when you think of french fries
you probably don't think of Colombia but
you should french fries are served
everywhere in Colombia even in Chinese
restaurants Colombians love potatoes hmm
so these are potato to it I was gonna
say it taste is like that and it says if
they have a little bit of chicken
flavoring to them too this is the Jumbo
flow it looks so good hmm oh my gosh
it's so good oh it looks so good
yeah there's the caramel peanuts so good
there you go bud I had a really strong
pan butter face
and it's exempt it it takes my Sylvia to
me it says that these are really famous
brand of snacks and this is the new
caramel variety they have now so good
for our last one the boom-boom-boom
lollipop movie that one colors like a
melon just our mango nice
passion fruit is what yours is of the
same Chris mmm mmm on the front they
have some trivia questions so here's the
question we're gonna ask a common snack
in Colombia is fried here's the choices
crickets ants maggots or coffee beans
yeah anything caduceus crickets what do
you guys think yeah what do you think
crickets ants maggots or coffee beans
negative x the correct answer was ants
yeah bitty ands yeah here's a clue next
month's box if you think you know the
country leave us a comment and let us
know
