today we're going to teach you guys how
to teach your kids to say that far the
most important part is saying ours
correctly as the tongue placement you
guys hold your hands out now do this
that's what your tongue is going to do
oh say ah now let's go we're going to
curl our tongue and our hands put your
hands out again now go move your tongue
in your hand do it again
good one thing I did was I modeled with
my mouth and I had then look inside my
mouth taping here put your finger on the
roof of my mouth ah you have them reach
back and touch the part where they
should be you should be touching your
tongue now you guys open your mouth fill
that even further back fill where it
starts to get soft hard hard hard now
start to get soft way back there you're
going to try and curl your tongue all
the way back there so you're going to
touch your tongue behind your teeth and
then keep curling all the way back out
it's a soft spot you guys want to try it
so first start with your tongue back
here we're going to roll all the way
back okay really like a cheer you've
already rolled it back you've tried it
too now let's make it awesome Oh
oh good now this is also really
important is that they don't move their
lips curvy now see how they want to end
it with using their lips another thing
we did was we actually drew a picture a
diagram of the mouth in the side view to
show the different tongue positions and
I think that helped a lot and also
reading short words with the R in it
because then when we turn it to the R
and they saw the letter they knew when
to try and make the sound after doing
all of these strategies we couldn't
quite get them to say it correctly so I
thought what could we do to help them
correctly place the tongue in the mouth
and I thought well you can't put a pen
in their mouth you can't poke the back
of their mouth and hurt them so I
thought maybe we could put something
tasty in their mouth you guys like
peanut butter so we thought peanut
butter could be something good to put in
their mouths so first I'm going to take
a small amount of peanut butter now I'm
going to place it on the exact location
where we want them to put their tongue
and then once I put it there I'm going
to ask them to try and say there are or
getting peanut butter on their tongue
much right Chris put your tongue on the
peanut butter oh good that can you touch
it with your tongue
good open your mouth to show Mom say R
now now see a rabbit rainbow
ribbit-ribbit
good how about row oh how about rue
how about or so we're still going to
keep working on that whore because
there's some different issues with
making the bar sound if you want to
teach them to say they're elves you
could also use peanut butter but the
tongue placement is different for that
and also if you have any peanut
allergies you could use something else
with a similar consistency to peanut
butter what do you guys want to say
