Michael do you want to read this book
no look Oh baby hasn't you know she does
so you do want to read the book tonight
maybe
mmm Michael loves Mickey Minnie so today
for our play time we're doing Minnie and
Mickey toys should we open this one we
got this toy from Michael because it had
Mickey and Pluto and not just Minnie
because most of the toys can load this
anymore for girls they seem to be a lot
of princesses and Minnie only so anyway
he loves Italy so we're gonna open this
maybe I'll just buy myself but there's
Pluto signal serious there's Mickey you
like about you yeah
here's Mickey's house to see what it is
look you open the mailbox and shut the
door
look how cute it is
do you like him
he loves mickey mimmie oh you want me to
help you ah here let's put the table
right there and put little right by it
is Pluto eating yeah how about this
Pluto can this little eat - hey look can
he live in his house let's put him in
his house look at this cute spinning
bone do you like that that's the fridge
in Minnie's house
yeah and this one's Mickey's house
what's that he's watching Donald Duck on
TV look at that do you want to put
somebody inside or put him inside there
there inside good job
look here's the teacups you love the
cars like Pluto oh do you love that
blanket do you want to sit in your chair
with the blanket oh look how cute you
need to hold anybody here do you want to
hold Mickey to there that's so nice
Michael Michael can you say thanks for
watching you whisper dick boy Michael
say bye-bye
