today we're over Sammael your name
it says Adriana love Family Fun Pack and
there's a whole bunch of other letters
and pictures we're gonna look at them
here's the letter to Family Fun Pack
you're one of my cute hear you're one of
my favorite youtubers i watch your
channel all day my first video was the
101 costumes
I watched it more and I thought to
myself why not subscribe so she did
that's nice
Oh super cute here I want to hold it
yeah and then here's a book look they
made a book for you you can look through
that look how cute this is great look at
that she colored a pony for you oh I
know who this is supposed to go for who
the lion lover
David nice huh
really likes mine
what do you guys say thank you Chris is
gonna open one dear family fun Josh my
name is Taylor and I'm 11 years old I
love your channel because you're also
cute and you put a smile on my face I
have some questions for you guys how old
are you - I'm 9 and I'm 5 I'm 5 my goals
- yeah you're twins
what grade are you going into I'm in 4th
I'm in 2nd got in - yeah oh nice ok
they said I love your channel I hope you
love bracelets so what's in the package
let's see now I'll keep reading the next
one says ELISA ELISA you are very pretty
and I love out of your headband you're
so nice to everybody there Michael look
what you got oh wow it's really good
like it
Wow what do you guys say to Taylor
Thank You Taylor you are really cute and
you help everybody I really like your
personality
thank you Jack you are adorable and I
love your energy I hope your eye is
better Chris you are so cool and I love
your smile I love you how you and Zach
like to match and Michael you do love
matching Chris you like to match yeah
and Michael you are so so adorable I
love hearing you talk it's so cute hi
Michael Michaels running away with the
fan mail ice palace why palace and fire
palace is says happy birthday to ELISA
Oh turn around so I can see it Navy Oh
who's there from let's see what it says
inside here that is so nice Oh to Alyssa
from Jennifer happy birthday enjoy your
day and get lovely presents oh so nice
thank you for sending her card her buddy
oh we should do a lightsaber boot let's
see nice cutter from Jennifer she says
she always used to watch our videos
every day when she came home from school
but now she's homeschooled and she
watches them even more every day she
wants to know if you guys have a 3d s
console or Xbox 360 so the answer is no
I have an Xbox 360 and a 3d s
I like your dog she is cute I have one
cat her name is sue D she's black I'm 18
years old
on the 5th of June I have two older
brothers and one older sister I'm the
baby of the family just like Michael I
hope you like the pictures I drew
there's one for Liz I want for David
Zach Chris and Michael - not tonight all
there's some pictures in there whoa look
at that
it's Taylor from Minnesota no wonder
there's ice in the picture it's cold in
Minnesota my name is Taylor I'm 14 from
Minnesota I just recently started
watching your videos on YouTube yeah I
watch them 24/7 they are amazing
now if you don't mind I like to ask some
questions Alyssa do you like being an
older sister yes um David what's your
favorite subject in school damn Zach do
you like having a twin brother Chris how
is kindergarten game mom do you love
having five kids yes I do and she says
your family has been my inspiration I
someday want five kids with more boys
like your family she wants to have a
belly lots of noise - I hope to see more
videos soon I hope the kids like their
gifts thank you for taking the time to
read this that's me and she says she
likes to babysit and she said why did we
live and the answer as we moved for fun
yeah look could you want back prints the
color it's a Christmas stocking
yeah that's cute that's really good
dear family fun black I enjoy your
videos your kids are all pretty and
handsome these are some things I made
for you is that I love your personality
and you are always happy Chris you are
loving caring and handsome hmm
Michael you are so cute I love the video
about scary teeth it was so - in front
of I love um David you are very sweet
big brother
Alissa sorry if I said the name wrong
but you are the most talented little
girl I've ever met I would love to take
lessons from you that's nice
this is from navei thank you I hope I
said your name right she's 10 and a half
that is so cute what do you guys say
smell it doesn't even fit your silly
Alyssa I wanna build a snowman
dear family fun packed hi I'm Mackenzie
I'm 8 years old
I'm from Tennessee and I love Family Fun
Pack I'm from Derby downs have a good
day love Mackenzie PS I have more
letters for the rest of the family so
all the letters that we were looking at
are the ones she's talking about she
wrote these all by herself look at that
mm-hmm this one says David step to bed I
love Superman Superman
oh she liked that video that was a nice
effort to send you guys a letter what do
you guys want to say hey and then before
we finish the video we have one more
open but I want to show these these were
in the fan mail video that was lost one
of our friends gave us these and they're
so cute
here's our last one we're opening we
have to show this up close because it's
so cute this from Michael let me see it
is all Michael Kay here look how cute
you like it it's nice huh hey give it a
little hug can you hug it what does it
say oh you oh wow
look at that it's a cute ring okay sea
shells and sea glass from point no point
beach in Cannes Ville Washington look at
that it's a super candy cheetah thing oh
that's cool
I'm gonna do that okay look back you're
my shell lover do you want add those to
your collection what is it oh the cute
ring oh that is cute try it on oh shoot
oh haha that's adorable look Chrissie
hmm they made their family with our
family and they colored it Oh Isabelle
made that she did a great job
cute look at her look how cute she is
with her cat hold it ELISA Oh everybody
passing around so you could see it I am
she says I'm Isabelle I'm six years old
I have two sisters and one brother I
live in Seattle if you can come visit me
we can play at my house with my toys we
would eat teriyaki because there's lots
of teriyaki here and it's really good we
could put on rain boots and go stomp in
the puddles if it rains I like your
videos my favorite is when Alyssa had a
sleepover with her friend I also liked
the one when Michael is home alone
Michael sitting in the box you guys
centrum what color do you like pink yep
David what's your favorite color Zac
what was your favorite pop-tart in the
pop-tart challenge and Chris what's your
favorite food you've eaten in a video
ah okay and then Michael do you watch
Daniel Tiger's neighborhood no we've
never heard of that actually um thank
you for making videos for the kids to
watch from Isabelle and then here's one
from Caleb did you visit Seattle
you can meet my sisters and we can go on
a ferry together I like to eat big
pretzels on the ferry I'm a big fan of
your videos my favourite video is the
tour of David's room I pick Michael is
cute Zach and Chris are funny
David is a good brother alyssa is good
at sharing I like the videos with Kona
in them I used to have a black cat named
shadow this summer he got hit by a car
oh that's sad his cat I was really sad
because he was my best friend we got a
new kitchen named lucky he is a brown
tabby and at night he was crazy he bites
with his own tail and he runs around the
house one night if you played with my
sister Isabel's hair while she was
trying to sleep that's funny I hope you
like a new house in your new school and
keep making lots of videos from Caleb oh
look here's a picture that's his cat
that got hit by the car right there and
then the other ones the new cat and then
cute I know it is cute you look at Caleb
is it all Rosie and Sophie cute they're
so cute what do you guys say for them
standing a subletter
yeah I was looking in the toy box and I
found Michaels letters in there so
you're keeping everything you can cuz
yours that's how he doesn't you think
you're going to take those outside heal
me shut the door you so silly Michael
