hi guys today we're gonna do a really
fun video I can't write to do it we're
doing but first we gotta put a blindfold
on all kind of that's what happens okay
we're all ready to go here we have all
the flavors of Oreos the kids are going
to try and the kids have not seen any of
these flavors yet so they don't know
what to say or what to guess when
they're eating them lots of good flavors
here here's a plate I'm putting in front
of everybody
after you taking one bite go ahead and
put your Oreo on the plate hello thank
you can't speak there you go your plate
right on you okay so put it down like
the correct answer was berry it's a
strawberry and raspberry mix neither
okay ready to try these ones here you go
Alyssa Chris put your underwear towards
mommy you love it
there you go okay go ahead and try it on
I'm gonna try one too what do you think
Chris
yeah they're right it's lemon explainer
mmm
look good too okay here's one for
everyone Chris bring your hands a little
towards me okay chuckling milk you all
got it right it was chocolate here's the
next one
so you think it's a plane over yo yeah
okay I'll tell you guys what the flavor
was it was golden double stuff so the
outside of the Oreo was white instead of
brown the filling was white you can see
it after the video okay okay here's our
next one these ones are good tail well
they're all good guess who got it right
David it's fudge cream they got it right
here's the next one we're gonna do
okay you guys are good David you're
especially good that's what it is
pumpkin yeah what color is it
it's pink and blue with a white cookie
you guys look at this me my lord
I think we'll do this one next another
good flavor
Zac what do you think you guys are right
this is Reese's Peanut Butter Cup flavor
YUM yeah right I think you all got it
right okay I'm gonna set it first I'm
wondering you actually know I'm gonna
give you a clue the inside of this one
is not white it is yellow are you
peeking Chris
so this one is a regular flavored Oreo
with a yellow inside cool mm-hmm
another cute one pink so two cupcakes
one cake what do you think David David
thanks cookie the correct answer was
birthday cake okay put him down let's
try another one
are you all done chewing so describe
this one guys it tastes like you think
Chris I think it just takes like tastes
like a normal Oreo normal to you we have
a tiny bit of a different flavor up what
do you think Zac with a little bit of it
okay
this one was heads or tails so this is a
double stuffed Oreo that means the
center of this one was all white but the
top half was brown and the bottom line
was white so it was brown and white on
this right you all guessed a little bit
we've got three left okay here's the
next one
okay david has normal ELISA has peanut
butter Zach and Chris say what you think
the answer was peanut butter many
reasons flavor okay anybody have ideas
access chocolate milk david says two or
three flavors what two or three flavors
do you think it is close chuckling oh no
that's a good guess so here's what it
was this one's called the triple double
Oreo and it is three chocolate cookies
with two different fillings so chocolate
is one Omaha and the other one's white
regular
here's the last one okay good job why
did you guys take off your masks and
take a look at your plate so which one
was your favorite take a look at your
plate so David loved this one back love
cotton candy what was your favorite then
Chris what was your favorite there's
lots to choose from all of them so
what's it like to bury all of them
