we're gonna attempt to explode a
watermelon using rubber bands
everybody glasses on okay you guys ready
to start
look how far the bottom I went all the
way to here we got some over there on
the ground it's all the way over there
by the fountain look at Matt my feet are
soaking wet here let's give you a piece
hey go now me it's a good one though
it's juicy it's really good God my hair
and everything David do you know what's
weird I wonder where all the rubberband
win cuz we can't find any of them it's
actually a good question and it made a
ball look at that look at that there's
all the rounds I'm not sure how many but
it's at least a half a pound because
each bag was a half a pound yeah we use
like a bag and yeah if anybody was
wondering why I was wearing red gloves
for part of the video it's because I'm
allergic to latex and my hands are
starting to feel like they were swelling
up so I switched to these no so here's
where we where we were right over there
and this ball landed all the way over
behind the table back there and that
little water spot on the ground which is
it's crazy
there's even water all on the table I
can't get over that this is so cool
don't you guys can have it
thanks for watching
