our second packet of universal yeah look
at that the colors of the Mexican flag
okay let's open and see what's inside
okay should we pick something to try
first that's the first one we're going
to open the palette the payaso oh look
how cute
Michael really wants to open that the
vero mango I feel like that I don't
think he's gonna like it so good if he
likes it
okay here's the next one we're gonna try
we have two so one's gonna be for Zack
one's gonna be for Chris is that Chris
you guys ready to try it out yummy it's
like a thicker taste sweet or spicy or
salty okay they're taking a second try
what's wrong with it Chris Chris lick it
one more time it's too spicy okay okay
Gillian Jonesy good okay what's that one
ooh that looks good let me see the
clothes somehow that looks like a save a
bite for me okay my god you want a
little bit Michael do you like this hey
Pablo come on cheap a micro can say
cheek right cheek Lee it's fighting it's
a good hiding spot I would put it there
too there's a little card that came
inside the box
those are delicious there should be a
little fun method it goes with it you
can eat it
are you moving okay do but lean is what
they picked yeah what does it taste like
that's more me let's let Alisa pick the
next one
it's like Nutella
hello easy and that looks good yes it's
made from goat's milk and pecans it
sounds like it's really good let's open
it up and try it it's cute
okay there's two which is purpose Oh
auntie Lauren is gonna help push a stool
in Mexico so she loves all these
potentially sweet let's the tickets is
great good luck this guy like brown
sugar try you gagging yummy huh
let me see it's chocolate-covered corn
flakes treat okay let's try it
Michael's obsessed with those little
pieces of gum okay David got the truck
all right that is you're really here
okay let's take a look okay we're gonna
try these next what are the blob huge
gift that we have here Oh a little bit
more spice a little more spicy it looks
as though tomatoey salsa Getti that
looking cool looks like spaghetti isn't
it tastes like a watermelon Jolly
Rancher actually yes good
it does taste like sweet there's like a
tiny bit fight it
oh cool okay let's see what you get
since Alyssa Pyxis and it looks like
it's a lollipop she's gonna get to eat
it and David's gonna pick the next one
who wants to try this with David second
okay go hind up when I'm in try them is
it good yeah let me see what it looks
like what does it taste like hey she
said it was good at first but I got a
little fuzzy it tastes weird you a
little bit too spicy for you guys Zac
try yours
okay yes what's it taste like
just spicy and like more weak over here
we don't like sizes that are we out have
to buy mild um Chris you want to pick
one you have two left
Oh which one do you want to try that one
okay okay let's try them
the kids are all getting water cups as
fast as they can
peanuts yeah I see there I go wrong with
peanuts everything I tried the spiciest
Oh
using water buddy get did you get some
peanuts Alissa
the twos mosey like almost throwing up
oh they're good you like I
one thing left to try it is this there
you wanna open it is it a thumbs up for
the taki sir a thumbs down cannot waggle
me disgusting I guess they know about
now they just taste like hot cheetos
take a little bita die
let me take a little bit wait here he
has a cow the Laura likes them all the
kids don't the last thing we're gonna
try is something for sure that should be
sweet and it's gum oh good David mommy's
trying the gum it's good
tutti fruitti nice yes oh and then
there's banana
ooh banana con taste yours Chris yeah
and there should be an apple in this
prop it actually pretty good I thought
that was a lot of interesting things in
here like spicy food you definitely like
this and there's a clue to the next
month if you think you know where it's
gonna be from leave a comment and let us
know
bye thanks for watching Jaso Otzi's
