we're in Indiana right now and this is
like crazy line there we've been
watching the crazy lightning all day
it's like pouring rain our kids think
it's cold
check out this weather though I mean no
need to cry under the canopy the wind's
blowing right now yeah we're getting
blown around girl like 35 when they're
the other kids the kids are like
they want to see this whether the kids
really want to see this ring so we're
gonna go check it out come on guys ring
pretty thick water yes we did get a
flood warning on our phone I hope
dreamz lightening up finally okay don't
go by there that's a trashcan oh yeah
yes I did we saw huge lightning today
didn't mean I hear some thunder oh
there's my beautiful doll okay let's go
get back in the car come on guys some
fog over there I just saw lightning over
there there's the thunder
huh
