hi guys you usually have a pretty calm
person but there are certain things that
just push me to know it and one of them
will be things involving my kids as you
all know I really love my kids so when
things involve my kids I take it really
seriously so today I decided to talk to
you directly because I feel like YouTube
is my biggest platform where I reach the
most of our fans I don't reach as many
fans on other social media forms so we
have some fans I guess you would call
them who've chosen to start
impersonating my family and I totally
get that maybe when you become more
popular people start to impersonate you
and people do it out of flattery a lot
of the time but sometimes it goes a
little too far so I wanted to talk about
that today we have some fans that have
been impersonating us and taking it to
the point where they call my kids their
kids and that in my opinion is just not
acceptable we've been asking for months
that they stopped and they're just
taking it to a whole new level so for
that reason I decided to reach out on
YouTube and just let all of you guys
know how to follow us who we really are
so that there's no confusion because I
feel that there are certain people that
are taking liking our page and liking
our kids to a different level and it's
inappropriate level in my opinion so
basically I first of all want to say
that there are only a couple ways to
follow Family Fun Pack number one is on
Instagram we have two Instagram accounts
so I'm going to show them to you guys
this is Family Fun Pack Instagram
there's no dots there's no official it
is called Family Fun Pack so if you are
following a different Instagram page and
it has our profile picture that is not
us the other one we have on Instagram is
Matt's Instagram this is his it's daddy
underscore fun underscore pact okay if
you're following anybody else it's not
us so I'm going to take a look here at a
page of
suppose it fan and they say here is my
sweet tomato lover and please subscribe
and all this stuff and here's the
problem he's not your child he's my
child you did not carry him for nine
months and almost died giving birth to
him I did so please don't call my kids
your kids because they're not your kids
okay that's one thing that really
bothers me it's one thing to like my
kids it's one thing to want to repost a
picture you know and say look at these
cute twins that's totally fine we love
that kind of stuff but when you take a
picture of my child and post it on your
page that you're trying to make it look
like my page and then say it's your
child that's not cool with me don't call
my kids your kids we have the same issue
going on on Twitter someone on Twitter
is choosing to make an account called
daddy fun pack that is not Matt we have
one Twitter account only for family fun
back I'm going to show that to you guys
as well
this is Family Fun Pack Twitter when
Matt does get a Twitter I will
definitely let you guys know but at this
point we have one snapchat one Twitter
and two instagrams one Facebook page I
think you all probably know our Family
Fun Pack official page on Facebook it's
got about 30,000 followers right now so
it's it's pretty obvious which one's
ours anyway um on um Twitter we have the
same issue where someone was calling our
kids their own I mean coming back okay
um so the thing that really bothers me
about these impersonation pages is not
only the fact that they're claiming my
kids is their own but they are giving
out fake fan mail addresses to you guys
so if you have sent fan mail and we
haven't gotten it it's probably because
of that and I feel really bad about that
I think that's completely not okay for
them to do that um the other thing is
they do not reply to you guys like I do
ayuh pride myself in being one of the
few youtubers that have as many views as
we do we're getting 260 million views
a month on our channel and I try to
reply to every single comment and I know
it may seem like a easy task to you guys
but honestly it takes a lot of time I
have five kids I'm raising I'm editing
videos and I'm trying to reply to every
single fan that talks to us so for them
to disregard your comments on these fan
pages and to only answer when you ask
where to send fan mail it just makes me
look bad because when you ask a question
like how is that doing I'm going to
answer that question I'm not going to
ignore you guys so that's one of the
other reasons I'm really making this
video is because things like that that
makes my character look bad it's just
rude and it's not okay with me
um the other things that some of these
official pages do that also bothers me
is making up videos that don't exist so
I've also seen them posting a picture of
one of my kids that has no video to go
with it and saying be sure to watch the
video about this picture you know so
again they're just making me look bad
like I'm making up things you know and
I'm hoping that most of you guys aren't
following these people but if you are
following them oops and you know you're
not getting responses you might want to
just double-check that you're following
the real family fun pack because we love
our fans we love our subscribers we
wouldn't be who we are without you guys
and I just I just really want to make
sure everybody understands that and
understands that for me taking things
that are mine my photography pictures of
my kids I take it seriously I really I
am NOT happy about it oh one more thing
also we only have one Pinterest page we
have a little friend who keeps
impersonating us on Pinterest but lucky
for us I guess Pinterest is really easy
to work with and every single time you
make your page it will get taken down so
um feel free to make fan pages if you
guys want to but don't use my profile
picture it's not a difficult thing that
I'm asking all I ask is don't pretend to
be me if you want to post a picture of
my kids ask me and don't use my profile
picture I would appreciate that a lot
and I know something
guys might say that I'm being a little
too picky and maybe I'm being rude by
saying these things but to me I feel
like I'm not because it's my kids and
I've chosen to share it with all of you
guys and I just wish that a few things
that I asked could be respected
one more thing along these lines that I
wanted to mention was that if you have
posted a comment and you find that it's
gone a lot of times sometimes comments
get marked as spam I don't know why but
I do go through the spam comment and I
release all the ones that are
appropriate but if you do use the f-word
on our channel we do delete that so if
you're wondering where your comments are
going if there's profanity we don't
allow that on our channel um forgive my
mourning hair I just woke up and I just
couldn't go on with my day without
making a video letting you all know that
I love you but please don't impersonate
us there's really no point to it I
really don't see why you guys did want
to impersonate us just don't spend your
time doing something else go get a job
you know go to something that makes
yourself some money I mean it's really
not that fun to make a fake Pinterest
account and call yourself family fun
fact that doesn't get you anywhere in
life so anyway again we love you all I'm
sorry that I even had to make this video
but I hope that it gets the point across
and I especially hope that all of you
guys are following the right Family Fun
Pack because we want you to see the real
stuff that we post real pictures to
happen on a daily basis and we love you
all thank you for supporting us thank
you for being awesome fans thank you for
watching our channel and I hope that I
didn't bore you too much since there's
no kids in this video talk to you guys
later
