boys are gonna help daddy build this
right here's all the pieces for the
trike we're about to assemble
there it is
so this is the bike as it would come if
you didn't add any of the options to it
but we got a whole bunch of fun options
so we're gonna go ahead and put all
these extra things on it and show you
how it looks so we have the bell which
Michael is loving we have the speaker
attachment and in this little place you
can put stuff I love that what's cool
about this bike is that the parent
handle can control the direction so if
your little one doesn't know how to
steer then you can care for him Mike is
fascinated by that little bell
I picked this cute a swirly circle
design I thought it was super cute we
got to take the basket in the back there
was a choice of a hard basket with a lid
and the soft basket I chose the soft
basket because I thought I was a bit a
little bit more stuff in it since when
we take our kids to the park we usually
have a lot of little things to take with
us here on the back you can see this
little pocket have a nice snap so that
you can keep your stuff safe it was
really easy to add all the little parts
onto this as well right now Michael has
his feet on the little footrest and the
foot rest you can see the little buttons
you just push the button in and the foot
wrist will swing out of the way to the
back so you don't have to have it down
but if you have a little one like ours
that may not be quite pedaling yet that
foot rest is just perfect the backs
riding it now we just took off the
little baby seat it's perfect
