if you've been watching our channel very
long you might recognize this sign we
had been considering changing and
updating our video intro one day we were
recording Michael playing when he's
saying what sounded like a little song
he had made up I went over to the piano
to play the notes he had sung and I
loved it
we decided to turn Michaels song into
the Family Fun Pack jingle my sister
Angela helped me find an artist we could
Commission to draw our family she
fine-tuned every aspect of the art until
it came out just right next we had our
jingle professionally produced using our
own kids voices in the meantime we used
the notes from our jingle when we are
creating a family thumbprint plaque
finally my sister Heather you may know
her as auntie hehe used a combination of
Photoshop and PowerDirector to put it
all together she arranged the images to
drop in the video in time to the music
and created an amazing final product we
really hope you like it as much as we do
