hi everybody welcome to part 2 of our
okay let's see we have yeah let's just
it up oh look ready are you ready to see
it it's a puppy
oh my cute yeah the cute puppy
oesn't for everybody okay I'll put him
up let's see what you guys got
so much Oh Michael
wow so much Oh Michael his shirt he
didn't see it he was so busy looking for
the trash Michael look can you hold it
up for him David
what is this a Luisi oh this is Chloe
she's 18 years old look at how cute and
she lives in the UK she loves our videos
especially fan mail videos no wonder she
sent you a fan mail
my favorite videos are the changes on
the perk videos I have a puppy called
Charlie sit up cute brown puppy where's
her puppy named Charlie and a hamster
called Luna they're very funny I hope
you like the gift salute with that yummy
that's actually for everybody to share
what do you guys say to Chloe
yeah yeah so this one's from Bridget do
you guys remember Bridget yeah those
crazy straws yes who likes those straws
me
okay really fine oh is it that said
that's it David oh my this is for Chris
oh look at this how cute
so this is from fringe eight she says I
am auntie Bridget all the way from South
Africa my name look for notes or verges
on use Bridget a little candy from the
German Way yeah yeah those are awesome
ones don't open them yet don't open them
yet let's wait well okay you can open it
that's fine okay are you she says she
understands Afrikaans a little bit of
Zulu that's really cool I decided to
send you South African candy yes and I
hope you like it
so how's it that means how are you who
can say it
how's it whoas on that means come humba
means go say humba ha
um fun means boy I'm fine Coco's on yep
good job yeah Bo or any disabled is yes
yeah Bunga is thank you and then it's on
those are on Zulu and then Afrikaans
I think it's donkey is thank you
junkie yeah that's cute wait you said
you sent a photo instead I put it on
there here is a photo of me when I was a
little girl where's the photo uh-oh
check traffic
everybody look for the picture maybe I
accidentally gave you some but nobody
has it okay we're gonna look now we're
gonna open this one that came from Italy
isn't that cool cool we've never even
seen them okay look at that Wow okay
let's open this lever sit down really
fun dry let's see what this person has
to say okay you guys ready yes hi family
fun back i'm Eleonora from italy how are
you good good good do you like chocolate
she goes yes really
yeah this is a typical Italian breakfast
whoa
could you imagine candy eat all those
cookies for breakfast oh my gosh YUM she
goes enjoy your meal good life that is
so cute what do you guys say - Eleonora
hey this one is from Brazil oh I think
it's candy yeah let's see let's dump it
on a little bit on your lap
maybe an EIN can melt Oh David
three three Oh Lissa you got many yeah
yeah and was on day Michael Michael
tonight okay good I know but that's like
Brazilian stuff okay listen a white
present is a bracelet just put it on
your wrist and it will fit that's what
that is Alyssa oh yeah open up and take
a look what you get let me see this is
awesome
well it's really good okay listen look
at this cute letter okay it says family
fun track
hi my name is Bianca I'm 16 years old
and I'm Brazilian
I watched Family Fun Pack for four
months and I love your videos my
favorite videos are the ones that you
show each one's bedroom mother and dad
when I have a family I will build it
build me in what you teach and do with
your sentence Michael is the cutest baby
I have ever seen I love it when he says
goodbye at the end of the videos ELISA
is a very beautiful girl and I love the
way she takes care of Michael I'm the
old one - ELISA
so she's the oldest and her family like
you are oh cool okay let's see uh she
says doc Oh David is pretty and cool
such things are nice looking Zach and
Chris nice she says um you are the most
funny twins keep doing more videos I
won't talk too much English that's why I
asked for help from a friend so she got
a little bit of help writing this letter
she got a little help isn't that nice
yeah yeah what do you guys say hey
that's nice Bianca there's Michael Dunn
look at her would you get my car
stickers oh I got some princess stickers
you guys I say thank you are in
Portuguese oh how you say it though
obrigado would you be good whoa
that's huge what else did you get
Michael
yeah no yes yeah there's anything else
and there show me everything you guys oh
so much candy all right look at all
these candies nice yeah you guys are
going to have so much candy yeah okay
the last one we're gonna open is from
two Leia I hope by saying your name
right look at how cute she wrote we love
you okay let's go ahead and open it and
I believe she is from Canada that's cool
huh oh that's cool let me see what is
this thing oh my gosh this sir
these are candy Network lay it out so we
can get on all right there's Nick on it
Briggs crews out for you oh this is for
Alyssa I think this flag might am afraid
of us huh okay
oh that's nice for the kids huh okay
here's Alyssa ooh yummy this is for you
thank you for this it's all ball oh yeah
this looks like it might be can you put
it on a pan with up your hand kid oh
look how cute Michael do you like the
ball Christine oh those are awesome
David David look what you oh that's a
cool flag flip again look look like the
other way David
look so cute yeah do love it oh look
what's it yeah right
oh you know what this is really cool
this lights up I think that yo cheese
yeah your hold this thank you later
crystal bet you got whoa and cook
something you can make with this oh this
is so cool do you like the cup
I love the cups Mario you love Mario
what exact what I did
me too lazy what is it oh my gosh what
girls you guys got all these really cool
secrets you know what's so cool
do you know who used to live in Canada
that you guys don't really know anymore
your great-grandpa is from Canada also
isn't that so cool did she give you tons
of Canada staff God who is e Luigi look
you guys got to
oh that's cool tattoos what so darken
candy necklaces David look damn G yeah
this is for Kona but couch back seat
Barker it's not so cute oh my god I love
it
balloons you guys should stumble wounds
oh you guys love that look at this cute
bag stuck look what you got
look at there it's for everyone still
break your balloons get like a cop or of
this a David Pakman cringe
he's yours again oh my soul
Michael got that I think that's a cute
flag Michael look for you oh oh he's
gonna love this oh my gosh Michael look
I knew you would love that
you gonna leave yes it's your favorite
Michael your breakfast I can use this on
my bed what's this Oh for you card
awesome Dave will want those I know that
book oh you love Shami guitar right let
me see the cover of that one do you love
you read yeah it's gonna be really
awesome
okay now let's read her load are you
guys ready I love whoever gave this time
Oh awesome okay it's a dynamism rule I
know he's gonna look a-there like too
excited this is like Christmas oh my
gosh okay ready she started watching our
videos about three months ago I fell in
love with your family and you guys are
fun and make me laugh um I got : a treat
and in mind what love are you trying to
open those thank you good um I want to
say happy belated seventh birthday to
David that's nice huh I hope you had a
great day David you are a great big
brother to your little brothers I also
want to say happy birthday to my key I
hope you liked a little nemo Cup in his
Nader car Michael loves me wow I knew he
will love that um I got you guys
Smarties I don't have you ever had them
or not um I don't think I found that
much though they'll love this Marty I
hope you all have a great day and enjoy
your presence if you want to write me I
would love that
your friends in Canada to Leia that is
so nice what do you guys say too harsh
what do you say Chris yeah look at the
camera and tell her yeah yeah Michael
see thank you huh
