we're about to start school again we're
super excited you guys like it - god
that's a good snack for school huh
what'd you get oh that's a folder to
organize your stuff yeah because isn't
issue that's cool
what do you have buddy so what is that
that you have Zach those are wives for
your school - yeah what you get cuz I've
enjoyed you had
Keith looks so funny I had to get ready
okay so me David what was that big one I
want to see the big one it also has
special storage inside that's pretty
awesome cool
the only miss you zip it all back up
what do you have Alissa I got ice cream
scented markers and there's even some
flavors on the back - oh my gosh there's
the mint chocolate chip
oh you're gonna like that why well those
look like they're gonna smell really
good whenever we back-to-school shop if
we see something feel like a headband we
have to give it yep colored pencils
you're right and Chris got a big glue
bottle Tippett are here on the ground
Chris
ruler too so I can wear my ruler I
bought a book with a timer and a light
that's a really cool bookmark I thought
that was so cool I thought that you can
customize your pencils that's really
cool too I can't wait to use that yep
there's some glue for you so let's a
house a folder and then Zach show me
what you got there called brain question
Michael sorry Matt here Michael's making
the play at the scissors those are
cleaning what'd you get Chris that thing
that's a brain quest for Chris hi here's
my pink and you got crayon from the fans
they're pretty what are we gonna do with
it yeah all your schoolwork comes we're
gonna organize it these are my pink glue
sticks
wait I thought you would love this what
do you have a sack ah
a pencil sharpener so I could fix my
pants mm-hmm
and I got wipes to clean my desk up good
job
what do you have anything else oh you
got is a bit too let me see you up in
his mouth and I got some more pencils
those are pretty colors I got a pink
stapler ooh I like that one
yummy it's a good treat on your paper
mm-hmm it's always good down some I
don't see how that looks like it Sam
look at that those are silly I like them
where do we get those pencils yep and
we're gonna use them for school I got a
Fitbit to move to York use of it
yes cute Olaf Kleenex or hold up hold up
your Kleenex let me see how cute there
we got these when we got family from
Japan they have Olaf on them and these
are Sharpie highlighters few colors of
course we got these from my fan in
Canada
oh they look a good for school uh-huh
yeah you got the same ole love funds I
got hand wipes to wipe off my desk their
cab drivers and I got pets so the ninth
one color pencil here's some more dry
erase markers
desk white yeah you don't get it with
German it's very cute
won't you get buddy those are sticky
notes our fans sent us those so we're
gonna use them with our school this year
everything laughter you done yeah are
you gonna read our yeah we're gonna
share that big color what flavor is that
Oh fresh tangerine
what's your player what is his day it is
Kiwi punch
Zac where's your hand sanitizer what's
hip let me yours yeah we're really
excited about this pencil they smell
good that's gonna be really cool did you
got everything out of yours
good job what's that
and here's a 4-color pen yeah I thought
you would like that pen
it's like pen that changes so you could
write in with different colors that only
hold one pen in your hand is that cool
yeah
oh thank you thank enough you brought me
the Buffalo yeah Chris you've been a
cute Luisi the other side with a guitar
up close that's really cool
yep elihas wearing her slap bracelet
ruler there gel pencils pens yeah
they're pretty colors though David did
you do everything out of yours justice
water bottle yeah this is excited to use
that model season using it already
what's in it
what senses yours it is looks like it
says beach escape yep let me see charm
on we always wear sunglasses when we go
outside or a hat right to protect us
from the Sun did everyone get everything
out of their back huh oh there's David
mmm-hmm settle one more thing
and David's dry erase markers yeah
awesome oh I hope you guys like looking
at the back of school Hall lots of fun
stuff ah yeah thanks for watching
