there's some on the carpet it's hard to
see because it blends in here's the
voice playing so nicely then across the
Torah is hard to notice it is white
everywhere because when Michael was
playing with earlier there's kinetic
sand everywhere we had this in bags so
the kids couldn't get to it till we had
time to put it up apparently this wasn't
high enough to keep it away from Michael
but looks like the twins got up in the
bag and Michael got into it and there
was a disaster I think this is only a
good toy if you feel like one kid you
can watch all the time because I'm
trying my best to keep the kinetic sand
up addition I'm losing the battle is it
a mess who did it no let's start picking
them and we'll put it in the tray thank
you Chris show me
Oh dirty let me to12 Oh what are we
gonna do here why don't you go wipe it
on your lips like this
wipe it on your belly there you go
okay go pick up some more good jobs
after doing a good job up here playing
is that your hat you're so cute look at
my knees Pizza could've really fast yes
we will definitely get the vacuum but
whatever we vacuum up is going to be in
the trash so anything you want we should
pick up
Oh
Oh
Pynchon
you
