breathes and males to open today
I'll go first we should show the back of
the letter first ELISA here let's look
at that look how cute it is
I like all the flowers on it Michael's
ripping this one open
it's from Alexis oh she made everybody's
name look your eyes does it one for
Michael to hold a letter oh I'm gonna
read it to you guys
Zack and Cris your birthday party with
the cars is the best both of you are
very handsome and so cool your bedroom
is so cool Chris I love your beds you
both are very caring and good brothers
did you like that letter yes you do have
lights on your bed your beds are super
awesome oh my gosh you laminated them
look at that you know what she did she
made it
that's yours she made on plastic he said
they won't get ruined isn't that cool
let me see your other one Michael that
yours yeah Michael says I can't wait to
see you grow up and become something
might go on sweet really cool okay
David she loves your dresser
that's so cool you're so nice to your
younger siblings are also very handsome
what do you say thank you Luke you
where's your letter ELISA did you want
to say thank you Michael say thank you
ELISA you're very talented your piano
skills are amazing she plays the violin
Alexis does yeah her favorite video is
the Prince Ali video and your own chores
you're so sweet and cute I love your
headbands you know we're gonna have van
today we'll have to wear one okay oh and
here's what she says about Michael you
sure made a mess in the back of I love
that video
we love that video too let's go pick it
up David do you wanna well first let's
say thank you to Alexis oh wait there's
something else look at ya go Fredy
Alyssa that's really pretty
let's look at this look sure was a big
long note she says I'm Alexis I'm 13
years old I love all the way across the
u.s. and the tiny little State
surrounded by water on three sides it's
called a peninsula have the kids ever
seen snow have you guys seen snow yeah
in Cape Cod which is in Massachusetts
that's where she lives we got almost
five feet or more of snow in five months
Wow I love your videos especially the
24-hour ones I made bookmarks for each
of you guys I hope you guys like them
there you guys are all so sweet one day
you guys will make great parents
don't ever stop making videos and what
grades does my husband teach she's in
seventh grade well he used to teach
sixth grade but now he's probably gonna
be teaching high school okay you guys
ready to open David's letter that's what
David has open oh my W say thank you
don't like this look how cute it really
wants to be the one to pass this out
look how cute you guys this is great
they did art this is so great that's
really good but Michael won one hey
Michael look at that well that's really
good okay this is from someone who lives
in Saudi Arabia that's really far away
from here
I hope I say your name right I think
it's Doha Abdul Hadi I hope I'm saying
that right and I'm sorry if I'm not they
say I love you so so so much I hope to
see you one day I like all the kids
drawing so I wanted out develop them
drawing so I put some models and oh my
gosh I love it oh here's your guys's
names look they wrote your name in
Arabic in their language see that's what
your name looks like an Arabic isn't
that cool and look there it is so cool
that's beautiful
let me see that Family Fun Pack I just
this is so special thank you so much for
sending that to us
oh this is how to make a panda Wow oh
you guys love the drop I'm gonna save
this forever I need to keep this is
great you're a great artist thank you
for drawing these actually I think they
actually painted them you guys I'm good
they're painting oh there's a little
thing yeah
in order to succeed we must believe that
we can I think if the plan doesn't work
change the plan but never the goal yes
there ends what do you think you like
let's see what it says help others
achieve their dreams and you will
achieve yours
that's a nice isn't it okay let's do
this one says if you want to be happy
for a lifetime plant a garden and then
this one says sometimes you have to let
go and be free free like a bird you are
a very talented artist what do you guys
say
okay now we're gonna happen one that
came from Qatar which is really far away
we might need the scissors
oh wow look at these pretty box as you
buy we gotta figure out no I says fun
facts about guitars about where they
live
oh nice ok let's take away the boxes out
yeah these are really pretty boxes you
guys let's open the blue one first
oh there's tape oh look please open the
box today yes of course we will look at
that we love Family Fun Pack Michael's
trying to pick up this box is it heavy I
think you can all pick one open ok give
one to Michael to open be very careful
first let me see that be very very
careful
it's a city it's like I think it's it's
um let me see yeah David let me see how
close like Michaels already eating alone
look at that
you like that Chris yes oh they are her
they know we love magnet we always put
magnets on our fridge those are nice I'm
noticing Michael though he's eating good
yes where's those magnets again oh yeah
hold up and hold it up where's Blair Oh
perfect that's nice Oh Michael's gonna
love this don't you think
no it's perfect for you you guys are
gonna look so good in that
yeah that looks great wait till you see
it on it's gonna fit you perfect skirt
it's so fluffy stand up and try it stand
up and like hold it up I can imagine
that it's gonna spin super cute oh my
god definitely will wear it for school
here Chris did you open this whoa sit
down you're very very careful oh you're
leaving the package yeah look there's
salt and pepper shakers it is thick a
deck of cards what'd you get Chris a
little Mickey like Michael loves Mickey
don't get sticky on it
looks good they are definitely gonna
wear those Oh Michael do you want to
open it I don't think you can cuz his
hands are full do you want to help
Michael
let's open Michael they're very nice
Oh cute and perfect Michael that's your
Michael say thank you yeah you liking
that sucker too much okay um here Alissa
can you open these yes okay pictures on
the back this is cool you guys to help
you learn on the back it has a little
bunch of facts very cool thank you so we
can learn that's pretty cool thank you
okay are you enjoying those back and
loving your special shirt give me the
whole just shirt here I don't want to
get it dirty
yes I'm gonna read this letter cuz
that's Michael look Michael Michaels got
three feet see what it is
David David there's yours that's for
David Zachary
okay sit down as you open them is so you
guys take a look in your bags yes
oh okay you guys have plenty o Ali pops
open it Chris bladder hello in a minute
in a minute Bart um hi hi family fun
back our names are salah i'm Muneera the
first video we watched a few guys was
you guys want I guess I got some video
the first video they watched since then
we are a hooked on your channel we are
from the Middle East basically from
Qatar which is 15 hours away from the US
Wow
we love each and everyone in your family
mr. and mrs. Family Fun Pack Alyssa
David Chris back Michael and Heather and
Kona oh you're so too sweet puzzle look
how cute I know you bring joy into our
lives we really really really adore and
love your family videos and channel we
wish if we can do daily vlogs oh they
want us to do everyday vlogs Locke will
try that whereas we're trying I hope you
guys like the mail and the treats the
chips and only pops are the most famous
and Qatar and everyone loves them here
so you're eating something that
everybody in Qatar loves yeah
yeah it is they wish they could meet us
and they want to squeeze Michael and
real I think of a hug please shout out
to their instagrams so they are @s
underscore I love kawari and @m Neera
underscore elbow and pointing here they
are right here boom and boom and for all
of you watching don't forget that we
both have Instagram to a Family Fun Pack
and Matt is at daddy Fun Pack daddy
underscore fun underscore pack so you
guys can follow Matt to anyway
and they say the English is their second
language and you guys have great English
didn't you think their letter was easy
to understand facebooking goes really
well yeah what do you guys want to say
to him
oh yes let's open those let's finish
opening Chris up in your special bag you
guys never do that yes I'll hold this
for you Michael look what you got
Michael got this cute you want a puzzle
do you love it I love it
see what's in your little envelope in
there I know Mike would you could have a
book do you like it all your hands are
dirty though
mommy will hold it it's okay open it up
and look inside it and Michael got this
other book and numbers book you want to
hold it love your hands are so dirty
here what can't Michael on here you want
to look in that open Michael
let's get Michael Michael look inside
there open it
whoa you got star paper that's papers
what of it if we hear all of the dollars
together week you could but you know
what you could get a lot with three
dollars if you go to ice cream you can
ice cream three times at the dollars
good place that's a lot of times or you
could get three hot wheels one dollar
each if you have three dollars you get
three hot wheels right yeah what is it
Michael yeah you could get some of those
too you guys are both super awesome fans
I think we will do you want to open it
right now okay yeah what does it taste
like is it sweet or salty I'll have one
after that's pretty good
mommy's allergic to too many things to
try anything okay what should we say to
all of our fans who sent us something
