we are visiting the world's largest
rocking chair hi Michael look how small
you look under there fifteen steps
normal size you take me like probably to
ya know see what is that they build it
in 2008 Oh daddy is right he was
guessing it was 40 to 50 feet tall he
was right this is cool what is it she
that's okay go cool right black jumping
beetle of some sort you guys think one
of these would fit in our house no I
don't think so
sit on Oh totally oh yeah what so who do
you think uses rocking chairs like this
guys I digit bill it for fun for people
to visit and stop so you don't think
there's any Giants like they live in the
woods here okay I'm gonna go back here
and get a better look you guys stand
under it so I could see how small you
guys are compared to this completely
giant rocking chair pretty big see if
anyone could jump as high as it nobody
can
did you guys see that cute wall over
there yeah super cute want to try yeah
you can listen I don't even think I
don't know if I said this but we are in
Missouri on our epic Family Fun Pack
roadtrip Michael what did you find
did you find a rock lots of rocks did
you get rocks show me your rocks Michael
- like those rocks that our car with her
mama's car there you go but
as it's a cool rocking chair super cool
like they built it nice and strong too
let's look at the back side let's see
what we can see from back here there's
the back side of it yeah that'd be crazy
if it did oh I'm glad we brought that
