check out all the cool stuff we have for
sale on our new website hey everybody
welcome to mommy Monday hope you're all
doing great we have a really early
soccer game this morning so we're up and
at 7:30 and we're already leaving and if
you know me well you'll know that's a
little earlier that I normally like to
wake up so I'm feeling proud of myself
for being up fairly we also have a fun
movie premiere we're gonna quickly show
you guys and we'll get on with our day
we're currently extremely scared hiding
in a room they said there's missiles
heading towards us
so we've got a little bit different plan
than we thought Owens in the closet we
think this is the safest place in our
house yeah the house is glass so we're
trying to be safe looks like it might
have been a false alarm and we're
thankful okay we're going back to the
car we think we're safe there's a lot of
plane traffic there was a ton of plane
traffic when we were jumping out of our
car luckily we were close to home when
this whole emergency happened I even got
the alert
we all get out screaming you were scared
huh we were so scared we couldn't unlock
the front door huh
that was really scary yes
Michael is not scared of anything that
was like the craziest thing I think I've
ever experienced I always look
immediately when I get an Amber Alert or
a wind advisory alert but that was crazy
the first thing I saw was the word
missile and I was like you've got to be
kidding me no I know easily like thought
it was gonna be something we're used to
seeing on the phone for the alert and
seeing missile I was like what well I
don't even know how to prepare for that
like I'm still kind of like in shock
that was just one of the most horrifying
moments of my entire life for sure so we
realized we need to be more prepared I
think for emergencies because you really
never know ones gonna strike when we
were in the house we've had all the kids
put hats on say this I had the kids all
wearing hats because I was thinking how
old can we protect ourselves and we're
gonna pretty much glass house and we
kept Owen in his car scene we stuck him
in the closet you know we tried to do
whatever we could think of we grabbed
pillows and couch cushions trying to
think about what could we do to keep
herself safe if our house would have
practically implode on us very scary
thought really so anyway that was we're
really shaken obviously since we're
still talking about it and of course we
couldn't even get our family to talk to
us we contacted summer family on the
mainland and we're like trying to tell
them
giving them our asses you know in case
we needed to be rescued and no one's
talking back to us and we're like what's
going on then we couldn't get on the
internet the internet wasn't working and
it took 38 minutes for them to send the
correction
yes which 38 minutes feels like a really
long time when you hear tons of
airplanes and helicopters overhead and
you're like oh my gosh this is real this
is not a drill
yeah a message Heather said she was
trying to call and she kept getting a
busy signal I think the phone lines were
completely jammed Matt was trying to
make some phone calls we were all trying
to call and like I said internet and we
just couldn't even make a connection
which is also a little bit scary in an
emergency we missed Alyssa's game
because it was the missile threat so
we're just gonna be going to the boys
soccer game when we call it and confirm
that they're still having games today
and they are so we're just trying to
calm ourselves down and get back on with
real life things happy lick your two
teeth Kate love baby oh he wants to bite
daddy's fingers I can well let's give
you one of those fingers it'll taste
good
Oh
and she's showing him the crash for at
Costco it's crazy busy here isn't it
everyone is stocking up full we plan to
do something a little more fun today we
were gonna go to the market and just
hang out and all that fun stuff but
instead as you see we did go to Costco
because we realized it was probably more
important that we grab some extra food
and water and things that we would need
in case there actually was an emergency
where we were trapped in our house or
hiding or a but not so here we are we're
having fun but I have to
the people of Hawaii are so nice I don't
think I've ever been welcomed so warmly
ever today it's a soccer game everybody
was so nice to us they were introducing
us to everyone and everybody was holding
Owen and everyone's just so nice the
cashiers whenever we bought stuff at the
store so we're just feeling really
really loved grabbing our water you're
gonna get a couple pieces you want to
say something what
you like Star Wars I don't know but it
do that are you wearing Star Wars shirt
and it's Star Wars lightsaber in your
hand I knew you love Star Wars
whoa
this is so cute I have to tell you guys
hello one's playing with this toy the
other day and Michael goes how much
Owens playing with his pinata Kenneth I
was so cute and covered I know his
pinata that was so cute
we're just in here watching the press
conference
I got a new toy if you keep enjoying it
and I think you know it's it
Matt's out here barbecuing for us I
don't know if you guys saw my Facebook
and Instagram posts but this one's
looking a lot better since the other one
was completely on fire
Matt's barbecuing for us but it's more
like a fire burning I think it's gonna
be a trial
Matt just caught this cute little gecko
so the kids could take a look at it I'm
not even squeezing them a nice
standpoint thank you guys want to let
him go now
no you guys see what I mentioned at the
beginning of the vlog before everything
went crazy for us when I said I was
going to show you guys when Matt took
the kids to the movie premiere so have a
great rest of your day everybody
yeah we're going to smooth Paddington to
their guys excited how's the cookie
Michael Oh are you ready to get out on
yeah it's been a long car ride huh
Warner Brothers got us the suite room
here at the W Hotel what do you guys
think check out this room and then it's
got beds in this room there's
flat-screen TV did you guys see this
mirror here all the colors in it oh yeah
one looks a little happier now you do
yep they brought us an extra bed and
everything let's see what's in the red
bag Michael's got a pop-up book over
there Oh perfect
oh wow
yeah oh yeah stickers in this book over
here nice well we made it to the parking
garage but the elevators are not working
so I'm gonna be carrying Owen down the
stairs you guys want to help yeah he
does
Hammond am calm
we're here waiting for the movie and
we're just trying to get clearance for
Coen so we did get to see the movie we
got this in the balcony did you guys
have fun what was your favorite part
ending let's not give it away
hahaha Michael what did you like in the
movie oh yeah that was pretty scary huh
on the train yeah you guys ready to go
home alright
and thank you everybody else for all the
nice letters you sent this month
were you able to find the hidden
pineapple in today's video if you did be
sure to leave a comment with the hashtag
hidden pineapple so we can choose you
for fan of the week
