we're in New Orleans and the Lower Ninth
Ward and here's some of the houses that
Brad Pitt rebuilt for the people here oh
look how cute you guys look at the nice
little playground they built that's nice
so I'll come pretty look at all the
plants hey that one guys it's sad
because you can see like right here that
there was a house there and there's
nothing but just the front porch left
you can see they're still building a
little bit here the houses they're
trying to make energy-efficient to so
the people here can still afford to live
there and not have to pay as much so
they have solar panels and stuff jail
you can see that these palm trees are
brand new
so here's our the Lower Ninth Ward here
that's sad
lots of house foundations just with the
porches left this one's real nice here
they're building up nice and high too so
let me see next time
you look real nice I love that one that
one's really nice-looking here's some
more foundations lots and lots of
deserted Lots here
everything's ever-growing because
nobody's really living here and just to
show you just one of them it's really
close to all these houses we're looking
at we're just trying to show the kids
what it's like around different parts of
the country so they can appreciate where
they live everything all for what they
have there's the new houses again by
somebody's on the land it's just crazy
how long ago this happened and how
everybody here is still picking up the
pieces we've seen moving pods all over
the place where people are trying to
still move back in and make a new life
for themselves
so here is the headquarters of
construction for the new houses you can
donate to them to help fund more houses
and we're going to look into donating
also after our trip and seeing all this
damage
here's one of the signs that they have
on quite a few of the houses here but I
don't think the owners even know because
the owners aren't there and here's the
house that's behind this
there's another girl that house right
there
so that
there's a boarded-up house and right
across the street here's some new
construction looks real nice this looks
like another board up Mouse right here
look at that you guys no front nor
really close to these other houses they
are building a new high school looks
really nice oh my god
you know the hurricane ruined it didn't
it there's another boarded up one here's
another new school they just felt and
then here's what's left of the old
school which is just crazy all there is
is the foundation of that school there's
another house here not even boarded up
there's a nice one that across that
they've built for somebody
