okay we're going to show you guys our
rubes hotel room so you walk in this is
where me and Alyssa and somebody else
Matt or kid sleeps we have a king-sized
bed a twin bed and we have our stuffy
then we have shelves yeah three of these
this one's pretty much empty
and this one has lifejackets in it then
right here by the front door is the
bathroom mmm the bath room bigger stuff
on the mirror are you wearing Alyssa's
hat
here's my sweet little love it's
sleeping on the bed look at that thing
he's super tired yes ever heard of
balcony keep the kids safe whoa check it
out
here's our review today here's just a CD
and then there's people down below and
then our balcony goes to the room since
we have two rooms so that's the entrance
to our other room right there but we can
also go this way to the other room so
here's the other room just Chris having
fun here's the other bed
there's the puffy and then the bunk beds
and more storage and then we have like I
said the same same storage over here
we've got a whole bag full of diapers
and wipes for Michael for the week and
then they have their bunk room the same
thing as ours are you guys having fun on
the cruise so far yeah yeah I think
those where's Michael stuff his
favourite characters
