hi guys it's Alisa Tim it's a clip from
Family Fun Pack and don't forget if you
haven't please girls dry today we have a
cool new product to show you there
called the zippy sacks what does this
every sack it's a super soft blanket for
your bed but it's not any old blanket it
unzip to keep you nice and toasty this
is what I do at night I love this part
because I can cuddle why are these in it
I love my Zippy's act because as a cute
little pocket bed place things on this
item
looks good I'm not making my bad so he's
your baby can you even do it and there's
solo company we just moved into our
house here and you can see we've still
got the boxes here and these zippy sacks
our life saver for us I could not find
the box that had all of the sheets and
blankets in it but I did remember a box
that I had labeled that had these in it
so I just grabbed these put them on the
beds for the kids and this is what they
slept with the first night it was
perfect right guys yep the zippy sack
has a lot of elastic and it's nice and
deep so it fits easily over the kids
mattresses you do look like a puppy in
there
