come on are you doing the house backs
gonna start leading us on our tour so
you walk in the house and you can see
our Cozy Coupe parking lot now there's
our mountain there's our toys that we
need to deploy these on that's our
kitchen table
sometimes I do my work there and then
when you turn this way there's our piano
room with a couple pianos in it and in
the piano room we have our cute
handprints of the kids and then some of
my favorite art is on the wall then we
have some pictures and cute music things
this is already put shoes in the shoe
bench here and then that's a closet
and that is my glass case full of mostly
Disney stuff and then going this way if
you turn over here here's one of our
bathrooms downstairs and then this is
the garage out there and then inside the
bathroom or somewhere my favorite
artwork and in this hallway here this is
the backpack area so the kids have their
backpacks there yes you do and then this
mm-hmm
this is where Michael plays with all his
toys that's the computer desk over there
that my dad made
me here's a closer look at the back hold
on
and here's the picture frame holder up
somebody asked what we had that we
collected and so this is some of what we
collect here's some more close-ups of
the wall decorations my dad made he made
me this but it had fallen and broken and
my dad actually fixed it you can't even
tell and he made it all glossy and nice
for me here are some cute pictures of
the kids in there little that I love
this is one of my favorite pictures my
sister drew the kids before we had
Michael my same sister also made this
for me using oil pastels I got him like
five times a day so the vacuums always
out there's Kona hanging out outside
because she just wants a dog again soon
so she's a little bit dirty so she can't
come in again till the washer and here's
the kitchen we film lots of videos here
it is trashed right now here's something
else my dad made for me and my dad made
that butterfly and that one here's
something else special on my windowsill
this cute flower and Damon made it for
me it's gotten a little wet because it's
a few years old but I keep it because it
supposed to be it's actually a pen that
he made with his church teacher but I
never use it as a pen just because I
want to save it and inside I keep all
the special
I put the kids fine and there's the fish
and then right here between the kitchen
and the dining room we have this little
place it's supposed to be kitchen prep
but we use it as a changing table for
Michael so we have a downstairs and
upstairs evening table what are you
trying to go outside oh you want Kona
hey Zac you want Kona don't you I know
come on Michael hey sent by Mike Connor
something you guys might not know about
us is we have a big house but we have a
lot of empty drawers in our house so a
lot of our drawers and cabinets have
pretty much nothing in them so I'm going
to show you a couple more of that empty
drawers in the house
here's Alyssa's bathroom that cabinet
and not drawer empty
here's David's empty Oh supposed to be
our beef ever do you other than some
coloring and here's the twins also empty
and then here in the kitchen we didn't
really have anything to put so we have
pool toys in our kitchen these ones are
empty and then over here we also yeah
this one's pretty much empty this is
what Michael plays list
so Michael put stuff in all of these
drawers we have some stuff there this is
where Michael broke the dishes so we
have that one rocks this one's also
pretty much empty just a couple things
and these yeah and then these ones are
supposed to be empty but the kids isn't
hiding toys and some of these ones
pretty much
do you guys play and then I keep
scrapbooking stuff in here because
there's our family and capable of the
kids mementos in here because they don't
have a dishes and stuff to put over here
so this is just art stuff under here so
then going back this way towards the
front door we can go up the stairs
Michael come on yeah and then we have
some of the bedrooms and then here we
have the toy room
the infamous costume rack from our
costume videos don't forget to watch the
101 costume runway show and the 72
costume runway show if you haven't seen
them it's really good that might you is
very good so we have the toys over there
we label the toy bin so they know where
to put the toys over there mm-hmm
there's some cute windows up here yes we
lock the Lakers it's a cute one too hey
brick Oh cute shark okay so the kids can
look down over here
we've had them here comes Michael oh he
had to get some shoes on the kids
sometimes like to climb from the stairs
over to here but we don't encourage it
not David don't do it don't do it
Zac yeah
oh there he is
on the shopping cart okay so over here
we have Alyssa's room the laundry room
in a closet so in here is the laundry
room we're doing laundry so it's always
working oh and this is a painting that
Matt's grandma made for him she has
since passed away unfortunately
but she made that for him okay here's
our linen closet that was featured in a
recent 24 hour video
lots of towels in there and then here's
Alyssa's room which we've seen before
but then illicits room you can go out of
her room through the bathroom yep sure I
knew like so here's David's room yep you
have a video about your address or to
his dresser has something special on
secret inside it so make sure you watch
David's new dresser video if you want to
hear about it then you come back out and
then go down the hallway and this is
where we filmed looking this way our
costume runway show and then in here
thank you this budget was this do you
want to come show me
okay oh wait let's show first here your
closet here's the twins closet that has
just their jackets and random stuff in
it and this is their bedroom and then
the twin Prather is over there and then
oh yeah we forgot the show our room so
so this room right up here and we've
been doing laundry all day so this is
laundry room folding Michael sleeps in
our room so right inside the door is
Michael's little area with his shoes
this is this cute little Radio Flyer
little wagon that we used and we took
puppy pictures in this so we save it cuz
it's cute and oh don't don't worry when
the socks we were trying to sort socks
we have millions of socks
we've been sorting all laundry all day
this is my little side table right next
to my bed and you might have guessed my
dad made this also for me and then here
is our dresser my dad made me this and
my sister painted it it's hard to see it
in this light but they did a really good
job I think
and then here's our bathroom which has
been in tons videos over there's the
bathroom in the shower and then this is
just the bathroom and then this is the
closet it's a pretty big closet
so that's not that I keep this mirror
over there this is my secret so now you
all know I look in that mirror so if I
want to watch TV at night I can lay on
my side and I can watch TV and I can
watch in the reflection of the mirror
because it's not always comfortable to
watch TV in that angle and then this is
a mirror this was n R I love you video
but this year we got on a vacation and I
just loved it
somebody handmade it and it's just so
pretty and we're gonna do is a can
Chris's room tour
very soon actually it's going to come
out before this video comes out so and
then out our backyard is vineyard yeah
we could so pretty vineyards you can
look down into our backyard playground
swing set some toys oh the pretty sunset
let's take a look at this instant - this
is the table
mm-hmm anything we forgot in there let's
see Jeremy I know Pete got most and I'm
gonna let's see in the toy room here one
more thing to show is these cute little
bugs it's hard to see in this I guess
wasn't the best lighting but the kids
grandpa made all of these by hand and
painted them they're pretty cute
cute little sign costume a yeah okay and
this is the view down here's our famous
box web videos right here I'm sure you
all seen this view quite a few times in
our videos we did show this this room
yeah okay Michael wants everyone to
remember to give us a thumbs up on our
video we hope it wasn't too boring right
Michael yeah
