I'm here at Target
the twins are at preschool we're moving
in three days and I have a ton of things
to do so I'm here to do a quick trip
grab a couple last-minute meals it'll
last for a day or so
for each of the kids as well as a couple
snacks and a couple cleaning things
because we've got a cleaner house also
when we move out we're gonna grab some
diapers first for Michael
I love these diapers they sell them only
at Target and they're so cute we did a
review on these eyeballs you're excited
about them huh oh those are cute
okay these cute shirts I might have to
close shop while I'm at Target today too
I love baby clothes oh my gosh I have to
buy this if you know me you know this is
right up my alley of style
okay let's find Michael's size
Michael do you like this do you want out
you love it okay we'll get it we're
entering Michael's favorite aisle
fun easy oh yes you love it and the best
deal on the whole aisle is the up and up
friend yes he's gonna be begging to open
it right now we're gonna pick out a
couple of these young researcher do
another one there you go
it's good that's really good sir that's
not good what do you see Michael should
we get something for Kona there's plenty
of things for the dog here
please look at this cute drink dispenser
when a small special is not quite big
enough to do the job that my sister
Heather you guys haven't officially met
her but a lot of you know about her
there she is
official welcome to the channel Heather
yes welcome we're not with what people
think we are
mints my favorite we bought all of the
Oreos for our Oreo challenge here at
Target and we also bought all of our
goldfish for the goldfish challenge
carrot target sure this looks heavenly I
love mint so we're gonna get these looks
fun okay I'm looking on the cleaning
aisle I'm gonna get some stuff here to
clean the house
I love method brands dish soap it's so
good
which one should we get guys look at all
the different ones are that's the one we
just had
I like that one orange looks good too oh
oh this is let's get this one
sounds better
yeah me too - love that
you're excited to wear it I can tell the
purple ones good yeah I love it Star
Wars macaroni and cheese my boys love
Star Wars do you like them buddy Michael
wants some - can you help Michael reach
I'm Frank yogurt sold only at Target one
of the main reasons I love the grocery
shop here they sell explicit flavors of
things that are always my favorite
whatever they lose the one it is the one
I love so anyway manic trainee over ooh
you love that don't you who's back there
who's back there we just got back from
Target and I'm gonna show you guys
everything we got so since we're moving
I got all this stuff to help us as we're
packing we got some trash bags we got
some wipes we got this cleaner since
we're gonna have a lot of cleaning to do
in the next couple days toilet bowl
cleaner just a few lies dishwasher
tablets because we've got to wash our
dishes before we can remove them gloves
for cleaning and then we got this really
good smelling
and though I'm actually gonna leave it
the house for the people moving in after
us so they can have it in a little hump
and then I got this soap I love this
soap and then we got a bunch of food
bananas for the kids I tried to get some
foods that we could take with us on the
road and just kind of snack on the next
to date so we got these cookies some
more cookies we got some foods for
Michael Michael loves these baby foods a
lot he loves pouches so and these are
like the best deal I just anyway a
couple months dinners we got mac and
cheese for the kids and then we got
cheese along with tortillas so that we
can make some quesadillas for dinner
because it's easy and I've kept almost
all of the dishes at this point so home
will be lucky if I could even find a pan
to cook that in we got goldfish for the
road this is like the best flavor flavor
blasted we got just enough milk to last
and I'm lactose intolerant so we get
this a lot of the things we got some
lemonade we got graham crackers Michael
love graham crackers so holy does the
road you know - we can we got cereal
bars I think all the kids love these we
also got these delicious-looking girl of
art that i can't wait to try them we got
as I mentioned my favorite flavor of
yogurt sorry you guys don't like it but
it's good
alone we got for our vacation and we're
about to go on the summers and some of
the kids we got our diapers for Michael
we can always
at least until a body trains complacent
of course we didn't leave out Kona
we got CONUS and snacks and then I got
some more things oh yeah this was where
like I got off my task so as I wait to
get things for our trip and some food
and some cleaning stuff and then I just
couldn't help myself
I'm getting these beautiful have down
the turtle isn't so we got this and then
also a little off task I got Michael
this adorable Flint outfit
it's surco brand they do some really
cute clothes there at Target and then
same like this when I got on this little
shirt for this summer so you guys will
see him wearing that and then I got a
couple things for in the car we went to
someone's house this week and he had
Rubik's cubes my kids love them so we're
gonna try this out as I keep me busy in
the carving and we got another one piece
game so we're not gonna lose it we just
have one big thing and they can play
this in the car and hopefully keep them
busy for hours and then we also got a
couple movies to keep the kids busy and
entertain in the car and then David
loved those dinosaurs so we did get a
dinosaur I think that's about all we got
so we got a lotta good stuff at Target
today and I know a lot of you guys
watching our videos probably don't have
target where you guys live since I think
it's mostly in the US that they have
those stores so if you're interested to
learn more about Target I'm gonna put a
link in the description of the video so
you guys can check it out you can shop
online there
to see what forgets about it what kind
of stuff they have cuz they have a lot
of cool stuff there so I think it's one
of our favorite stores actually right we
go there so often that if I see the
employees there
I'll turn your eyes behind them like
they're my friends because we're always
at Target so anyway thanks for watching
our video be sure to give us a thumbs up
if you liked it and I hope you will
because I'm rarely in videos so this is
like anyway
bye
