we have another female package open
right now I'm passing it out look you
guys Oh Michael okay let's see where
this is from oh this is from the
Netherlands you guys than that cool far
away you want to hear it you guys yeah
hey you Family Fun Pack fan mail all the
way from the Netherlands I really enjoy
watching your videos Michael is so cute
I bought something so are so I'm bought
some little presents for all of you I
hope you like them you like that
keychain buddy yes this is tricky to
open the bond don't rip it you can't
there's no scissors I think these
scissors are you guys who's that box for
you to David yeah no I don't think it
was for you it says mom and dad on it
yeah that's okay
David okay show me how you do it do it
again hold it straight up Chris hold it
straight up and do it
okay no the only way like this hey do it
like that can you do is that goes your
silly daddy was gonna tell us about
these cool things what is that yeah guys
looked out there like cookies with their
waffles Sookie don't eat them or their
round perfect shade so they'll fit the
top of your mug
so we can make one Hawkman and then we
could put a waffle
here hold this now I know this one
really good hold this out so I could get
a better look at it cuz it's a really
cute postcard interesting one that long
before I'm so cute and let's look the
other side over so cool these are really
cool you guys easy you know why I think
these are special because we don't have
anything like this here this is totally
unique super cute
what do you guys say these are bold so
cute you guys can expect to see these on
our Christmas tree this coming December
they're supposed to be keychains but I
think we're definitely gonna hang them
on the tree because they're special
