oh look at that would you like it okay
we're putting Owen at his feet the very
first time I do like it he said Yanni
likes it
should we eat some food Owen do you want
to try your first food you want to try a
little funny you say we made this yummy
food for you
want to eat this oh look at that you
like it
he's not quite sure a little bit more
all he's opening his mouth and he's
eating look at that I think sitting
around watching I feel do you remember
when you're a little baby and you didn't
like to eat something big Murray means
you didn't like him but you like him now
yes we have a cute cute video of Michael
and he started crying you were just like
oh in size you were just that small and
you started crying when we fed you food
can you believe it hot it was so filling
he's still have blue eyes and he has a
tooth you're right yep he's eating this
you like food I can tell he's just a
natural three no I've never just open
their mouth
so what I thought the Owens eating rice
cereal gets lie about you guys to be
funny kind of the same right
rice pudding rice cereal totally fair
and they eat the same meal this was a
little
he's like wait maybe it's not good look
at him he chases a spoon around right
now he's gonna lick the table okay do
you want that good either already I know
everybody gonna read so he went
somewhere though
yeah oh you really want it Michael you
cannot fix pace a little bit
Oh
so cuz he has to help you guys okay your
hold daddy's hand and helped how do you
do it
was that a yummy meal I think it was
he's still happy now Owens been rolling
all over the house so he can't just see
fee right now so we had him in his cute
little portable crib up on the little
bassinet portion and he just rolls
around in there right now huh
yes because he practically gets lost ha
ha hi Rees it to cute little baby hey
bye bye everybody
