I can't wait for our sleepover hi guys
it's Alisa and this is one of my best
friend's Ellie hi tonight we're gonna
have a sleepover and we're gonna show
you how to have a super fun time be sure
to get best friend magic pajamas aren't
they so cute and yeah I know that I love
her one trip remember that sometimes
singing together
spend time with girls stuff like doing
each other's hair I'm gonna make a bunny
challenge right here Plus YouTube videos
together make a bet on the floor next to
each other
there you go I remember sneaky sneaky
sneaky play iPad all night mm-hmm always
play with stuffed animals and add a
little drama yeah spend plenty of time
giggling into the microphone
brush your teeth together like best
friends always do something you may not
know is that your mom and me had a
nickname and we used to be called the
giggling girls you guys do anything you
can't go to stamp all night raid the
kitchen for a midnight snack like so
tiny
and the best way to fall asleep is to
tell a ghost story you'll go first what
a girl locked in the fourth
