hi I'm Alyssa from Family Fun Pack and
today I'm going to show you how to make
some cool char amazing bracelets before
I show you these trophies and kits I'm
gonna tell you where to buy them the
best place to look at that target if you
don't have Atari nearby you pride the
land or Amazon just go immature making
kits this is a let's get started skip
hey listen three times three energy
cards and two races and they're just
instructions this is amazing color me up
 it's a hard collection in the
colony up kit there are three feet
pleases suicides and hearts this kit
includes six charms six energy cards
three bracelet and drive you
this is a char bathing alright just get
it all wrapped up kit comes in wildlife
season lucky or emoji collection this
one I have here is a wildlife collection
I love
this came six times six energy cards
bracelets and variety of beads encourage
the last kid I have is the char Beijing
deluxe pin it's the biggest of them all
it looks really cool this completes that
comes the low truth to karma and major
worldly in this kit you can make six
bracelets with twelve charms I don't
know if I'm going to open first but I'd
like to deter maybe deluxe I'm going to
take these down to the table so I can
start designing them I decided that I'm
going to open it let's get started kit
cuz I am just getting started opening it
there's your hands look at the cute
bracelets look at all the charms and
then mini charms
good luck my friend energy card I think
under the horseshoe first oh wait I have
to scan my charm for my iPad but this is
such an amazing app
I'm the char mazing app you can build
your own bracelets here's some of the
charms I've already unlocked I'm looking
for the gemstone sit down over lock
this one doesn't have a lock
Oh help me lucky charms
before I made this bracelet I'm going to
open the color me up kit because I love
pink and I want to compare the two looks
so cute
oh girl my bracelets and charms I'm so
excited to make my first try raising
bracelet and while I'm making it you can
learn a lot more about them
amazing is the perfect do-it-yourself
jewelry craft line for creative budding
designers they passion for fat salmi EPS
charm aging wine keeps eight to 12 year
old girls motivated and engaged the
empowerment of getting their own designs
girls can design custom charm braces
with colorful threads sea gems chains
pearls and north discover over 100
charms to collect from 11 unique
collection choose from both a nature and
karma rule to build your own from
amazing collections but that's not all
such amazing at further engages the term
ageing exchange to activate your destiny
Aldrin
look I'm ready to leave five bracelets
these are so fun and easy to make to the
world if you and right cool bracelets
like me then get your charm mazing kids
at Target activate your charm mazing
destiny now for the exciting part we're
going to be doing it you're raising
giveaway mr. amazing bracelet kit has a
unique charm that is not sold in stores
we're going to be giving one away on
Instagram and one here on YouTube make
sure you comment on the charm az fix
your own Instagram or this video to
enter the contest also see family fun
packs facebook page to get more details
to enter the contest thanks for watching
