check out all the cool stuff we have for
sale on our new website you guys guess
what Michael just opened his new channel
it's called Michael's magical Playhouse
go check it out and subscribe it's
really cute
so this is exciting this looks like a
really big mess that maybe a kid would
have made but it's not I was quietly in
my bed this morning when I heard this
super loud noise and right under here my
drawer bottom completely fell out so you
guys know that we just got our house
like a year ago
and we have these custom cabinets that
we paid quite a bit for and the guy who
built them for us was assuring us each
cabinet can hold at least 50 pounds and
so we're like great so this drawer that
broke is not the first one that's broken
but it is the thinnest drawer and it has
the least weight in it all I haven't is
my makeup so this is the drawer bottom
and I don't know if you just use cheap
materials or if you skimped on like this
stuff to hold it on the sides I don't
really know but I'm really not happy
about this is such a disaster and I mean
it's not that much makeup down here it's
all just lightweight stuff anyway
brushes and all that kind of stuff the
other drawer that doesn't shut right is
this one this one's falling off and
often it like hits this bottom one
the paint's completely peeling off I
mean see you can tell it won't shut
unless I pick up the drawer I totally
don't get it and I'm so disappointed
because like I said this is like a brand
new set of bathroom cabinets and the
paint is just trashed my kids don't even
come in here that often so I don't know
why but super disappointed in the
workmanship here
hi this is Owens first what he's eating
it still do not like it he's trying to
say he's like he's eating Peas
and I'm gonna good he's eating Peas I
think he doesn't like it they're healthy
yes you guys look so cute
you
hmm hi
I think he's decided that he actually
likes me his first few bites weren't so
good but now he seems to really liked it
the heart boys
they were just here mom teaching her
this disease concentrate
you gotta do pain
pretty sure michael has no idea he's
excited
that's what we did
Oh
were you able to find the hidden
pineapple in today's video if you did be
sure to leave a comment with the hashtag
hidden pineapple so we can choose you
for fan of the week
