come on oh gosh all y'all Wooten and
Hills all closet has also Christ as we
got the Dozen and hit all stuff Amazon
robust gay
there's the jacket this is their coat
closet right outside their bedroom
yeah that's Chris's been through lots of
books here's one of their dressers hello
haha he may yep stop I made these for
Zach and Chris gave this to us
yeah this is from their grandma it's a
hat any not pill Mac so there's two of
every shirt and there's their shirts to
grow into my your bed yeah shush she uh
she gave it to me
yeah this is a blanket that wasn't a
pleasant a cheeky one cuz me got eight
of it and I love me on that a vanity
yeah Zach said that this is a blanket
his teacher at church made him for a
present huh for Christmas I'm a Texas
and I met at college mmm-hmm so dresser
yeah Jeremy's up with a jammy drawer
again this is the drawer that we trash
every single day and yes you do not
balance behind a family hug
so we all business we dead dead dick at
me - oh um jammies harami can another
Sammy knows this I let nobody know we
will be hi be buddy
oh that's a good hiding spot hiding spot
nice let's look at the top of your
dresser what's up here and oh my bad
grandma gave us those panda you made
that pit shoot reserves and mommy took
that picture and this will fumble but
that cody match for all what that body
on that was when we were babies and
that's all I tonight me tonight on to
love it stop - oh you know I get when it
start calm
my and there's a Mickey outside hands
hello men and hair d'Artagnan yep
find something that and this is the
shower and we are having somebody right
now so it's taken apart anything else
you guys on the show yeah I love show
something and yes my back and how's my
cute puddle and no no got sloppy
oh yeah there's the trophy up there
that's all there other growing into
clothes up there like yeah but someone
screwed it out yeah we just grew it back
in and we bless this but an unlit this
stays on and everyone at to be doggie
plush it and it turns back off mm-hmm
that's a fun one mom heat Falacci
