today we're gonna do a toy room tour of
Michael's toy room he's in one of his
favorite toys the little tykes activity
garden and he has his brother's car ramp
and his car ramp and he's got his VTech
treehouse Michael let's look at your car
don't come and show me your car
so there he is he also really loves the
car drive to your car Michael back to
the tree house okay
any address on neck that's your table he
passes a law activity table afraid of it
yeah but if you just uses it so that he
can reach the light touches yes you do
yes do you want to show us some of your
other toys he's got his cute little
shopping cart there and then we've a
bunch of little toys in here he's got
random little baby toys typical things
like the keys and little cell phones his
pianos
little musical toys different kinds of
cell phones are juggling balls that we
got from Joe Salter one of our fans and
then this is kind of his brothers toys
but he'll grow into I'm soon
these are his Thomas crane tracks and
then over here we have his ride on type
toys he's got his little purse one of
his favorite I don't know the zebra he
likes them all I guess he's like in the
giraffe right now and then the cute
little pirate ship bunk your head that
was a close call
and then over here we have his chair
little piano toy that piano toy we have
had it since we had Alyssa I ordered her
this toy on eBay and I was so happy when
it came because all the keys actually
we're in - and I was concerned buying it
without playing at first but I was so
happy when I got it and then over here
we have a couple more little people type
thing and the chip you got for Christmas
is right there and then here's his
bookshelf
another fun toy
so here's the rest of its books lots of
fun books and then in here we have
daddy's gonna show us his toys and his
toy dressed so this is one that the
twins still kind of play with it's a
cute little ball maze this is a puzzle
the pieces are missing right now see a
little piano toy some little pisher
prices in a little people things plus a
little people things then there's this
track what is this a dump truck a cement
it makes it cool Stalin
I almost got rid of this story but the
twins are just fell in love with it I
couldn't rather just let it go too fast
so then we have a couple of these little
learning laptops this was probably yeah
it just did hi Christopher
it was the twins so we haven't changed
it from Michael's name yet we have some
other little learning books and then we
have his guitar he got this with his
gift card that he got from Stacey on our
channel which he really likes on buttons
right there
ah so that's a fun toy and then let's
look it's more on the balls we've got
some cool balls over there the this is
the ball I think like Rainmaker in the
middle that's a cool one is a name got
some more musical toys a lot of stuff in
here somewhere balls where this cute
little get that one over there let's get
the green turtle
this is cute it's a tambourine and then
on the back
cute little washboard and tambourine
combo that one's super cute and then
Michael likes to sing
oh yeah that's another musical my mecha
maracas he's got a microphone I'm gonna
do that one yeah another little laptop
and this is another one right here that
I had I got one I had ELISA because it
was similar to a toy that my brothers
and sisters had when they were a kid and
I just loved it so I had to find
something for one of my own kids just
liked it so I guess that's the bulk of
the toys in the toy box the cool ones at
least random balls and other things like
that then we have another one of the
twins old guitars doesn't work as well
as the cool one Michael picked out and
this was a really fun one this one let's
turn off some of these toys they're all
talking to us this one here plays
classical music it's really cool I like
this one
he's always dancing along to the stuff
in this one then he has a bead maze
absolutely some of the twins yeah we
have a lot of piano toys for his first
birthday so that one's really cute and
then this ball here actually flips
inside out so it's two-sided and it
talks when you throw it it will like
supposed to say like the numbers or
whatever I don't know that's not really
his favorite toy we don't use it very
much and then of course here's another
piano little laptop type toy we have
this cute little pretend camera and then
I do do some other cute ones in here oh
this is a really good one this is his
tape measure he likes this one Michael
look at this
you interested in the bag that's not for
you that's the kids no just that one you
can you do it what did you do
hey here you go and then the tape
measure pulls out isn't it just like
come on it's only six inches long
whoa there you go
are you noticing all your toys there you
go
here you go so let's see what else do we
have we have these little cards let's
see how does this one go out left turn
oh oh let's see oh you know what Michael
I think this one's not a battery a
different one a piano that works this
one's not right how about that one he
liked that one yeah and then over here
he's got his back to D cube on the
bottom and these are that's a little
person car couple of little people
things up here and then that's the VTech
car that was in our VTech review that we
did and then these ones are cool these
cars here because you can push the
button let's see if this one works looks
like we need to redo some batteries
there you go they turn on and if you put
on the ground it should roll so push
that button again
oh they're all little batteries right
now
but they're supposed to roll that are
supposed to go forward when you put them
on the ground and they light up really
cool so Michael usually likes to play at
those ones a lot um let's see what else
see how we have his John Deere tractor
that one and that one was actually loose
finger
what are you doing Michael what are you
doing
that little fisher-price play house
right there was Alisa when she was a
baby and there's another fisher-price
Little People print there hi Michael
what do you want to play with huh well
that's always fun good stepping on cars
and then outside yeah you know you're
not supposed to do it the cheapest
choice er that's the free ones and then
outside here it's his how much the train
track and looks like Zach and Chris what
are you guys doing over there Oh Zach
and Chris are eating a whole bowl of
cold pasta is that good yeah Wow let's
not talk with our mouth full yeah let's
not put our hands in it looks like we're
gonna have to be just go watch our news
oh please enjoy that so anyway there's
my clothes toy room tour hope you guys
liked it this is our family room this is
where we watch TV so our couches over
there and then everything Michael has
and anything baby safe goes in this room
because Michael spends all this time
with that you guys are stilling did you
get some pasta too Michael's gonna pick
up every little crumb he can find from
the boys is that good
