namely look reburial packages left open
David's opening a package from Tori
sure I think 3c okay what is this a no
that's not what's this guy you don't
book you finish there that's really cool
I haven't read that book is it a good
book yeah good let's see you David let's
see it that looks awesome
yeah I can't wait to read that book
cool hey Zach doing up and you are going
to the book David oh it looks cute Oh
what is it okay see who it's for this
one's little Jada oh oh should you
freeze let me see the letter David look
at the bracelet mmm
Oh David who nowadays oh you guys got
matching Chris and Zack - she's got a
Family Fun Pack my name is Jada and I'm
13 years old I love your videos that's
for Michael you have the coolest family
ever Alissa is amazing at the piano and
a great sister David is so cool and a
great big brother Zach and Chris you are
crazy and super fun and Michael is this
adorable I love your videos because they
always make me smile love Jada oh she
says I hope you like the bracelets yeah
we do nice how did I fit David let's see
good nice Zach point isn't help getting
his off Chris let me see yours all right
did you make you a really cool car
picture yes let me see
well looks good doesn't it Chris is deep
in butter butter
oh nice yes you want to open the next
one
oh here listed as your bracelet I'll
help you tie it on okay okay
whoa in here here really good Mikey
Mikey down with human oh really it's for
condom
ah let me see does that it I think
Michael has it is it really for Kona
look yeah no no got it
oh my gosh I think it is for gonna soon
as I thank you wow this is cool you know
I tried any of this this is exciting
Michael who's that for ELISA I see David
Wow
I think it's all for you guys to share
yeah looks good oh look what you got
Michael Wow all these are so cool we've
never had any of these this is candy
that's a fake it says lucky Wow oh the
labels you it's for David Lynn tolki I
think the how this is pronounced looks
like it's good like this one this is oh
these look like there's straws to go in
your chocolate milk yum or there to go
in your white milk and they make it
chocolate that's gonna be good you guys
want to try these and some milk good job
today
yeah
gluten it looks to me like it's an
airplane this is really cool look it
looks like this thing with that mm-hmm
what is it Chris who they are from a
different country you know what this is
from Barbra and she's from the Czech
Republic
that's really far away it is you gotta
take like a jet in swipes we're two days
to get Paul mm-hmm okay
she says hi guys my name is Barbra and
I'm 18 I'm from the Czech Republic but I
want to move in the future I'm really
sorry for my bad english Oh her English
is good don't you think we can
understand do um she's always sent you I
feel things Alyssa I hope you're not sad
that you didn't get a toy I really like
your flower headbands I thought you
would look cute in that bow oh did you
open yours oh wow oh we better open it
first
David Zak and Chris boys you get almost
the same toy I hope you enjoy your
airplanes I love them when I was as old
as you oh you assemble it and you can
fly it
hey Melissa
looks like it's a coloring book and look
look inside the package look how cute
the the cute paper on the inside of the
package
mm IQ yeah we're gonna open that later
Oh watermelons yeah that's really cute
she says Michael cutie I've got you a
toy which I really liked when I was a
baby my little cousin has the same one
and she loves it
I also sent you some Czech sweets and
snacks maybe you can do a video where
American kids try Czech sweets you can
also do 7 seconds challenge and Alyssa's
headband collection I almost forgot that
there's something good for your dog
thank you fish eye nice David so thank
you for sharing the videos of your
incredible kids and you thank you for
answering all of my comments on my
Facebook message of love Barbara oh it's
really nice I think that's a great idea
we'll have to do a video of us trying
these interesting treat making you
nothing yes it's inside don't pick it
see you laugh
you show mama let me see look how cute
that's cute so hehe
lucky for noises Michael's into the
treats how the airplanes coming guys
show it to ELISA
what are you guys say to them for
sending out these nice packages I think
that was your first time saying thank
you
Oh Michael you're watching and I hope
you liked our video and if you did give
us a thumbs up cute these are funner
plans ears again David Wells pretty well
show me the propeller
this exact universe you're happy that's
it's really good under the bridge and I
live it top down looking for very fares
for Jim that's a lot of boomers four
three four
Barry for three very ordinary hey Barry
strawberries strawberry pony strawberry
lamp dancing in the meadows of
strawberry jam quick very quick very
pick me a blackberry
