today we're going to show you how to
play Angry Birds jingle look it there's
some game beeping let's do it often
inside here okay there's the rest of the
pieces okay then we're going to put it
together and I'll read the directions we
just got this set up and it definitely
is not at all like the picture looks if
you look at the picture it shows that
this is like almost like one piece and
there's a long piece here and all that
when that's definitely not the case this
is the one big piece here and there's no
long separate piece right there so I
consider myself pretty good at putting
puzzles together but this is actually
kind of annoying to put together maybe
once you've done it a few times you'll
get the point and you'll be able do it
real easily but there's just interesting
pieces like how that fits like that it's
just kind of interesting so anyway the
kids are excited though they're looking
forward to playing it right guys yeah
okay so you just get this ramp and then
you have this thing here you load the
car into this and then you're gonna push
this and the cars gonna hopefully try
again okay okay go whoa let's get a
little closer the ramp sign so it's got
a little sticky feet so it won't move
that's nice okay you ready we're gonna
want like that let me help you okay
shake it over when we raise it we're
doing the last couple steps here there
we go okay David you want to try to do
this yeah it goes let's try it for the
ring wait
okay ready chris is gonna try okay we're
gonna get this game to work Hasbro I
know this can't be this bad of a game
closer are you getting frustrated the
kids are not having much fun with this
game okay we'll try it closer it would
help with the instructions maybe gave
some hints or even told you how to put
the thing together because it sort of
shows it but I don't know it seems like
the instructions it could have been
better this time
we're trying it with the car on the ramp
okay ready okay let's try it again
I don't even know how to ask black fill
out yep
unless you're even close Danny put right
there and right there
you're straight make sure it's straight
okay we're gonna get this guy's it's
gonna happen okay I have to say this
game totally doesn't work if you are
planning on buying a game I have to say
I usually recommend every single product
I try but this one really that happy
with it that was lucky yeah we're gonna
try it again and see if we can get this
to work two times in a row okay we're
gonna set it back up and we'll be right
back okay we're gonna try one more time
let's see if we can get it to go here
okay it didn't work twice in a row but
we're confident it's gonna work this
time
okay here we go Oh careful love
Michael's knocked it over at least three
times to rest yeah okay okay here we go
on your mark get set
fire
okay uh Michael okay we got it to go but
I think that you guys agree it seems
very unlikely that we're gonna be able
to hit one of the birds by themselves
yeah okay interesting game if any of you
out there have tried this game when you
have a better experience please do share
one final thought that I always look for
when I'm buying a game is can the pieces
fit back in the box after you buy the
game and with this game the answer is
yes
these pieces are easily going to fit
back in this little box that came and
then the last one little box will fit
inside the big box so I like boxes that
keep all the pieces so we don't lose
anything so that's a really good thing
about Angry Birds Jenga
