hi guys it's mommy Monday we have a
super fun day plan for the kids today
we're gonna be taking them to art class
and then we're gonna be decorating the
outside of our house for the holidays
and before we move on with the video I
have to remind you all to go subscribe
to Michael's new YouTube channel it's
called Michael's magical Playhouse and
if you haven't already go over to david
it's called dude it save it and
subscribe to him seybolt just open their
channels and they're super excited about
it are you picking the one you and we're
starting well thanks you can finish it
get a pencil to close it down
my god
other things looks good too
Lucy no today's wow you did it can't be
all good wow you bet - it's really
really good for this one oh nice you're
good to the horse next time nice
you guys have fun horse they're jumping
in the leaves you're not gonna jump in
the leaves it's hard to get her in there
careful a little break
I'm letting the kids that great however
they want this year so how are these
turnout it's how they're gonna like hum
Oh Chris you're doing a good job hard to
get these in the dirt isn't it yeah
this year we're gonna have a lot of blue
lights I bought all these lights last
year on the after christmas sales but by
the time I got there the only hand is
blue so that's what we got and yes those
are my Halloween decorations that I
still need to put away we're go to that
today right now we're gonna see if we
can connect these ones to each other you
see it's not the right one looks like
yeah oh I think it will only connection
of Lynette oh so these are don't connect
so don't you last year and this year
won't go together that's of our season
you guys gonna mount the hole yes
I don't think we can go any higher okay
got the whole front gate down here it's
looking good looking good guys
well I'm trying to figure out yeah we're
finding the ones that don't works and
getting rid of them not save its job and
then I'll take looks nice you guys did a
good job Alyssa Owen myself all right
cool
just looking at all the Christmas stuff
having fun right you guys don't get
water mints oh this is cute you
that this puzzle
really really cute tree the problem is
everything we come too close we get what
do her guys every time we can take home
to get cold cashed every time and it
forces us to come back so we always end
up coming back it's like good in bed
right like we love coming but we're like
oh my gosh we have to go again
yeah so our plan is what to only spend
$10 and not go is sent over or maybe
like one sent over but not too much
because then we won't get any more cold
cash we'll just spend our clothes cash
envy den we found something it's $10
exactly yeah we did it it's pretty cute
too dang it it says $10 each when you
purchase two or more dang it
we were so proud of ourselves we're like
yes $10 for one yes there's fine print
there's always fine print isn't there he
doesn't care yeah so we have a problem
what well it's right here kind of a big
problem but I have three really nice
boys helping me out oh did you really
thank you this is the nightmare of socks
yeah and this is the laundry we've
actually floated a lot and I took a
break and the boys are helping me what
the good theme is find a hatchet fold
sure I really appreciate it
look at that you're so good so I've been
trying to stay off the camera today so
don't laugh at my face because I've got
a little bit of a crooked smile because
I had dental work done today they
replaced a feeling of mine that I have
when I was a kid that I guess just
wasn't good quality so I'm like I feel
like my face looks really funny but
anyway if you guys have secrets for how
you get your laundry and let me know cuz
I'm trying to find out the fastest way
to get laundry again I feel like it just
piled that pile that piles up and I
could never keep ahead of it you guys
ready for some questions yeah okay the
first one comes from Izzy who wants to
know would you rather live in the
country or the city in the country do
you know the difference between the
country in the city yeah
the city is like all hustle-bustle you
know you could go to the store really
quickly and the country is more like
maybe where you have a lot of space and
land
yes horses and it's more like a farm and
maybe would be like 10 or 15 minutes or
longer to get to like stores yeah that's
a difference Michael didn't get to say
his answer is it country or city I like
that answer he wants to live in the
country like Indonesia so he can see
Komodo dragons Gemma would like to know
if you could have a superpower what
would it be
yes that's nice what I love is how
Michael loves his brothers and sister so
much he gets inspiration from you guys
it's inspiration marina wants to know do
you like milk chocolate or dark
chocolate better
Zac
cuz I like dark but that's that I'm
lactose intolerant and so I can't have
the milk and daddy you like dark too
right yes I think the last question is
for me and it comes from galaxy who asks
what the hardest thing about being a mom
is and I think the hardest thing
probably for me is just trying to be in
a lot of different places at a lot of
different times because I want to give
all the kids my attention and I can't
obviously spread myself in six places at
once so it's a matter for me of
spreading myself between everyone and
also keeping up with the housework
there's just so much laundry as you guys
saw in today's video and random little
things like that so for me that's the
hardest part
oh you wanna touch the camera so badly
