play we're following it up
segi Skyway but first when I saw y'all
cause so that's one that's Batman - he's
getting - look there's somebody from
Lion King yeah yeah what other ones do
we have from Toy Story
yep Jesse and T Rex and we have some
sparkly cars where's there's the yellow
sparkly and the red sparkly lightning
does like oh okay show me how this works
did you do it make up let's see the
little ride
another fun ride at the time here's the
back side of this one didn't look too
bad it looks a little bit like a
backside in a way because of the open
spaces there and they'll sit on the back
notice that this one is taller than
Michael
so Michael thinks it's pretty cool he's
even grown since we got it
it's cool because as soon as the car
hits the little place in the track it
automatically bumps it so the next ride
will be to a different Lane
let's bring over our other one we also
have the fisher-price little people
wheelies stand and play ramp way which
is similar this is the old version of
that boy the older one is shorter so my
kids although they're playing right now
they definitely like this one better
they think it's way cooler the colors on
it are fresh and vibrant and it's got
that really awesome feature where the
cars can switch to different tracks this
one right now is good for Michael just
because it's a little shorter so he's
able to use it a little easier it's
definitely nicely sturdy it's lasted
through all my kids so far and it's
still in excellent shape so we're
actually Michael we're definitely happy
to have both of these since we have four
boys we need to share them another
difference between the two versions of
this point is that this one is not
screwed on every single one of these
little joints so there's a better chance
on this one that if you're gonna move
you can probably take it apart and bring
it with you in a smaller box then you
will be able to with that one
