I just finished my review of marina now
I'm going to knit a slightly bigger I
might call nixies
we're gonna see what this says it says
that's what happened to me once in here
doing a review cool one
yeah when was our little fishies got
caught in my hair
No so be careful if you're going to use
these in the bathtub not to picture it
in our new room yeah these mermaids are
so cute
and what I liked about him as I have an
on and off switch let's go for a swim if
you like oh Michael there's two mermaids
relaxing together
Brandon just under slightly Alyssa what
you guys think they're really cool I'm
gonna make Amelia fill up an erisa race
here can you hold this one yeah ready
like what happened Amelia is going
really fast these will be fun to play it
in the bath huh yeah let's let their
other friend play oh yeah what's this
other friend's name again
yeah Oh marina okay
Marina play you know the batteries I've
heard won't last quite as long thanks
for watching
change my lucky pick 20
