hi guys welcome to my room today we're
gonna do my room tour where first we're
gonna start with the artwork this one my
auntie made for me it's a picture of me
nope next these are cute pictures of me
when I was little and that's what I made
when I was 3 years old you're - oh yeah
- she was 2 when she made that know
somewhere are 2 music milk and that's my
karaoke machine that I used to practice
my singing this is my dresser oh and
that's my piggy bank
it's your pencil and this is my little
cute kitty date Daisy hey those are some
pins that she got at Disneyland yeah
coupled everything's there and this is
my bathroom for our summer headbands
plenty of them yep oh and these are
where I keep all my earrings I like
these ones I mean it music notes thank
you
here's my choice that's all my dory
these are some of my hair clips this is
just empty and so is this one he says my
other stuff that's all this is hairbrush
yep and some hands empez√≥ got some
lotion right there yes that's my cup
that I got when I was young and these
are all my fabulous bows and these are
some of my cute necklaces and this is my
where I put my laundry this is my stand
that I play with the living sands this
is my nightstand these are my little
life just so cute this is lychee this is
um rose and that is summer this is where
I keep my journal and this is my met
this blanket um my cousin made for me
and this one my nanny made for me and
these are my kids stuffed animals that I
keep on my bed what the doctor those a
love stuffed animals yep
and this is my super cute Duffy bear I
really like him and this is my chest
pillow you put your tooth in it when it
falls out and then it is fairy comes to
pick it up and her Nana made her that
one too yep it's very cute
and this is some of my these are some of
our toys there's four little Disney
clock on the wall yeah looks like we
have mostly horses and ponies set up
over here yeah love horses me too
and this is my desk this is where I like
to do art work mm-hmm
oh this is grandpa made her this it's a
little lady jewelery box we don't really
have anything in there right now and he
made her that and then who decorated
these oh yeah I did all these yeah
wasn't it those yep this is my flutterby
and they're hanging out with some dizzy
chicks purchase her desk drawers and
this is my very favorite jean jacket and
my cute little bungee chair and this is
my littlest petshop village I have a lot
let's go a quilter look at these guys
there's a little area back here oh I did
the aerial all good she has a little
pets y'all see animals nobody's
organized nicely yep thank you
this is a little swim pool party
look at these face and they're watching
a magic show oh I see these guys are
watching the magic so right there and
this is Alyssa little bench to have toy
storage inside it yep and these are my
real-life animals the favorites
the real game animal yes and this is my
dollhouse I felt little rooms in it like
these two are baby
for the babies to play in thank you
next one is the living room for it and
also for the kitchen and that's the
girls room and there's the Attic Oh
neonics empty yeah head of backside this
is cute too the ponies hanging out back
there huh and this is my twenty nine and
there's some animals in it went open the
doors there's a look inside the barn
come these are some cute doggy friends
hanging out lots of dogs
yep not relators our horse hanging out
too and this is my closet there's Big
Bear good Big Bear is always hanging out
with this big fence and this is a pillow
pet and it has a blanket inside and make
grandma made it for me she gave it to
you yep here's all this is skirts I have
a lot of those too I do you have cute
skirts and this is what I got from
Christmas from Santa oh yeah no I really
like it he's so cute do you want to show
a couple of your other stuffed animals
in there this is one of my stuffies
whisperer
and I have a lot of these buckets too
and this is some of Alyssa's outgrown
clothes that we're keeping and saving
and then up here is where we keep her
dresses and then the other side is
clothes that's too big that she has to
grow into still yep and this is where I
keep all my books and my things there's
a ton that's Alyssa when she was a baby
I know what oh yeah I love that than
this
Joey box was mommy's sizzle Issa's baby
pacifier Oh little baby hairbrush this
is mommy's when I was a little girl and
I gave it to Alyssa yep so there are
some games there's her books and these
are some other games in here somewhere
games and this is her leggings this bin
and those ones look at this those are
there the rice banks you can heat them
up in your microwave and then you can
cuddle with them to keep warm if you're
cold yeah thanks for watching I hope you
guys enjoyed single this is cute room
