let's go see him
we're gonna treat
jeez and Earth to live life as a man he
was one of us a part of God's great plan
he taught us the truth and what God's
love meant many people followed them in
every way one day on a donkey he entered
a great town
his followers all cheered but some men
were crowned these men hated Jesus and
all that he had done they were cross
when Jesus said he was God's own son
Jesus shared a supper with all his
closest friends he knew his time on
earth was coming to an end
he went into a garden late that night to
pray desperate he said father is this
the only way the men who hated Jesus
found him praying there they took him to
be judged even though it was not fair
he asked Jesus questions for a very long
time I could not find him guilty of any
single crime when the ruler called
Pilate wished to set Jesus free many in
the crowd shouted hang him on a tree
Jesus was not guilty but he was put on a
cross just as God had told him his life
must be lost
suddenly the sky went dark and everyone
was scared three hours later Jesus died
and all his friends despaired some men
took his body and put it in a cave they
roll the stone across to make a seal
great
day two have one surprise the stone had
moved away and Jesus was alive and all
this was God's plan that Jesus had to
die to pay the price for sin for all our
wrongs and lies and so because of Jesus
when our lives are through we can live
in heaven if we trust and love him too
those are the guys with a nice being in
this garden today yeah everyone let's
say Happy Easter
you
