today we're going to open our hex below
switch on the bottom siding it ah we're
gonna turn our headphones on and try out
our new toy
oh it's climbing up look at that Wow
it's climbing up you guys oh yeah I'm
the Hexbug and Xbox consoles are on both
sides of their bodies now and they can
ride down over Hey oh my gosh sure well
my kids are thoroughly enjoying this
point one concern what is somebody
pushing on it and potentially ruining a
very cool toy
I named foreign beginners peach oh yeah
the kids that I'm playing with this toy
in one stock will ask us to do twenty
minutes straight Meili Eliza she has not
lost attention with this plane at all so
it is a pretty fun thing they really
been doing it I think the redesigned
exoskeleton of the hex bugs with the
little antennas on top is a great design
because it's helping the kids have a lot
more fun playing with them so we've been
playing with this now for over a day
because you're still loving it right oh
is that good good you can see Michaels
trying to help by putting lots of memory
but if you don't want to have traffic
jams and tubes I would say go with one
or two hex bugs not fiberfix
like our kids want to do good and good
throw Michael
then so you can see how Chris is getting
this guy out Oh traffic jam all holes
happen okay here we go put it right back
in so I mentioned earlier that I was a
little concerned about the structure of
this and being strong enough to
withstand my kids and I'm happy to say
that we've had this for a while now I
mean they're still playing with it every
single day they played with this toy and
it hasn't gotten old and it hasn't
gotten broken so I'm happy because it
has held up these plastic pieces do move
but they don't seem to break so I'm
excited about that
all right this is your favorite part
yeah you got there mm-hmm
no no but your head for there good job
Michael yes back was the hex bags on his
cheek does that feel interesting and
sound interesting Michael
yes you know it's fun are you fixing it
crash good job
