welcome to today's episode of kid size
cooking today I'm going to show you how
to make french toast these are all the
ingredients and tools you need to make
french toast and don't forget to put an
apron on so you won't ruin your clothes
first you start with making the batter
to dip the toast in my family likes to
use three eggs for every one cup of milk
cracking an egg can be tricky yeah just
right Oh
next we're going to add the vanilla and
cinnamon we have one teaspoon of vanilla
and a few shakes of cinnamon
next we're going to whisk it together
until it looks combined next you have to
turn the stove on you might need an
adult to help you with that
mommy next we're going to dip the bread
in the batter use your tongs of both
sides spray some cooking spray in your
pan now we're going to transfer the
bread to the pan cook your toast until
it's golden brown on each side that
would take two to three minutes thanks
for the help mommy maybe we could use a
spatula let's check how it looks looks
good we're gonna give these ones to Mike
this much better makes about six pieces
of toast it's ready to be flipped the
pile stop to making yummy french toast
is to end your toppings my family likes
syrup and powdered sugar thanks for
watching I hope you enjoy making french
toast at your house mmm
cutting like what now mmm so good really
good you like it mom don't look with
your mouth full what do you guys say to
Alissa for making us a good meal I see
you're chewing it for work
