right and that is due to a recessive
gene the heterozygous gene that both
parents must have to produce a white
offspring so as long as two orange
Tigers or carriers they can have a white
litter or a white cub excuse me now the
chances I will ever see this cat again
in the wild slim to none we actually
haven't seen it since 1951 when the last
known white tiger was taken from the
wild and that's because one in every
10,000 births results in a white tiger
cub being born around 3200 to the Bengal
tiger left in the entire world chances
are we will never ever see it again out
there out there sugar spice get up here
very disappointed in you too they make a
bigger noise when they're doing
different kinds of activities that's
have over a hundred different
vocalizations absolutely right now this
is just a wine he wants attention
because he's still a baby as we're
raising these cats we take them out
without them loose in the park they get
to run free they don't always understand
the fence why can't they come out here
and play with you I feel like they play
with us that cat would do a lot of
damage to you and get out here on his
own
