today we're going to come back to
kinetic sands Michael what are you doing
we're trying to set the sand it's going
well but Michael thinks it's a seat
mm-hmm okay
first we're going to jump in the crazy
sand on the crotch next we're going to
open the living stand stand this one
doesn't come in a ziplock bag so you've
got to make sure to have some scissors
handy to open it up when you open this
one up you can just kind of take those
pieces that are clump together and just
kind of move around in your hand and
they'll expand just a little bit and
comparing these two stands the crazy
sand is about half the price of the
living sands and this one seems a little
sturdier it's a little bit bigger but
it's shorter down to the ground than
that one but I do like I said think the
legs here might be a little sturdier
nice
yeah my personal preference as far as
the texture of the two sounds is
actually the living sands this one just
it's a little bit softer and you can't
even really hardly feel the grains at
all on this one it just it feels really
cool when I first saw this on the
display in the store I just thought it
was so cool and then this one here it's
just it's a little more greeny it
doesn't stick to or anything like that
so it's got a quite similar texture but
when you push it together like this it's
it's got a harder consistency than the
other one this one has a little more of
an airy consistency when you do things
like that to it oh oh it's your turn
let's put it down what what hey come
back it up uh-huh mm-hmm David there's
your tent uh-huh let's see so this one
came with all these little toys even the
ones that are hanging underneath here
lots of tools and things to cut and roll
and this kind of stuff so this came with
quite a few creative things for the kids
to use whereas that one only came with I
think four or five little tools so I
guess for the price you know this is
twice the price I would probably buy
this if I was just going to get one of
these too
I'm making it just out of curiosity I'm
gonna see if these two sands will mix
together so we have a little bit of this
one and then see I'll get a little bit
of this one see see and don't connect
together so okay if you decide to buy
two cents you cannot combine yours and
thank you no and I may get this one all
Ricinus and Volvo sucks
this s so when it gets on the ground you
basically just kind of clump it together
with itself and I like you would
play-doh and it will just kind of stick
it's pretty easy to clean up they
trained John the product says three and
up for the living stands and four and up
for the crazy sand for obvious reasons
Michael's got it stuck to his pants and
shirt and actually when the twins were
five now have it all over their clothes
I'm in like a cave as you make like a
little drawers and are you guys having
fun who love these do you love it my
cock I knew this would be a hit pretty
close x cubed the final reason why I
kind of like this more expensive one
better is because it came with so much
more sand there is just enough sand in
here to just and you can grab more than
a couple handfuls of sand plenty to work
with images is so cool because I do not
like getting dirty this is like the best
time ever
no it's cool let's see how much make up
on this you can dry your knees
the other thing I like about the sand is
that it doesn't dry out so I plan to put
these on the kids desks in their bedroom
and as long as you have a kid that you
can trust not to make a huge mess and
put on the carpet then you can leave it
in their room and they can play with it
when they want and you don't have to
worry about having to set it up every
single time they want to play my blog
are the beaches we're gonna be that I
know my gosh the brown stem seems to
really stick quite a bit to the kids in
there
clothes even Damon he's got it all over
him
let's try and stick some of this to you
um he's trying to stick the white stand
to him seems like the white end wasn't
quite a stick as much they're close it
does stick wood actually looks like it
wipes off pretty well that's again
that's a crazy sand he's cleaning off
right now so the legs are super easy to
remove on this if you want to take it
apart and put it away just pop in and
pull super easy which is a huge benefit
when things come up easily and this one
also the legs are easy I won't show it
but they just unscrew so you just like
that and they're off
so also really easy process overall
these are gold really great toys
especially if you're on a budget I will
go for the crazy sand because of the
price alone but full super fun toys in
case you're curious here's the prices on
Amazon of refills for the two kinds of
sand the living sands and the crazy sand
so refills are kind of expensive
actually so if your kids are making a
big mess on the floor like mine just did
they lost a good amount of sand on the
first time playing with it this is
something to consider okay we're gonna
try to pack you some of it
if you don't mind spending money on
refills then vacuuming up the excess is
definitely probably the easiest method
of cleaning here's the carpet somewhat
near where we were playing now we're
going to see how it cleans up carpet
looks like it's a little harder to get
the stand off the carpet we'll try
another vacuum if you could serve it
back in
