hi everybody today we're going to open
our magical mermaid marina look at why
it is daddy it looks super cool isn't it
cool yeah it really tells me I know it's
my turn again this is a hook to get your
mermaid out of the water now I'm gonna
open my mermaid
the Tinker cars to the double-a
batteries Michael are you doing like a
big cup
oh you can't pick it up okay should we
put the mermaid in it now we might need
some more water cause you guys Amara's
Michael's drinking it like oh my gosh
she is moving no grand for Frankie would
you like it Michael oh he thinks I got
him oh look at that
the light changes colors Oh dance yeah
oh my give you care to get that raise
your little hook grabber and beverage in
the middle is she ever here yeah there's
this little weights on the mermaid that
help her sink down to the bottom of the
tank so she can swim she's a really cool
toy one put it back in see there we go
Oh monkey Michael talked off her tail
fin you want to fix it Alyssa Lexus goes
right back on so far this is a pretty
cool toy yes we'll have to play that
tomorrow when Michael's not drinking the
hunter
I have a bubble I'm going to test marina
and the water without the way on her
know she's floating sideways next we're
gonna do these for you so stay tuned
next girl we're going to be reviewing
these toys
