don't worry okay
look I would say what good boy Michael
you got you we just ordered ourselves
this cute lifetime pick cook table to
replace our little tykes table
unfortunately when it came in the mail I
could I tell it's going to be smaller
even though the picture made it look a
lot bigger you can kind of see the top
of the two tables there the little tykes
is definitely bigger even though it's
getting to be too small for our kids
sizes but this one this lifetime one is
just really really small it's not very
sturdy either it has a lot of left and
right motion that I am concerned about
because I feel like it'll break faster
you guys having fun you are sitting at
the new table the good thing about the
new table is that it's all one piece and
it goes flat yes when you're done using
it it's really easy to take apart and
move around that's a good thing this is
the second time tonight that a drinks
flown off this table I think it's just
because the table is just so tiny that
even with these three kids that are not
that big are you okay huh
careful it's it's really tiny I guess if
you have one maybe two kids this could
be a cute little table for an outdoor
picnic table possibly right at some
point pants
but yeah cute but just not quite big
enough so if you're thinking about
buying a picnic table stay tuned for
another video because we are determined
to find a better picnic table for our
kids
