hi guys it's Alisa so if you've been
asking about my headband collection so
today I'm going to share it with you
first verse we'll start with Easter
since easter is coming up next is my
christmas headband this is what I wear
for some Christmas videos and I got
these ones from Disneyland the sparkly
one's really cute put that one on I
really like it cute Mouse ears okay
here's this one okay
then I have this little princess tiara
there's these cute kitty cat yrs those
are really cute I love these ones and
these ones my mommy's from me for me
yeah we have two friends that make
headbands yep how about those ones Jesus
hmm oh these are really sparkly that's
why I like these ones a lot I like these
arts to a little bit more fancy okay
flowers next there's this is little
dolls in it oh that's cute
it's for Christmas too then we have all
these bows so here's a list of bows and
they are on why don't you pick up one of
the hangers the bow hangers were made by
Alyssa's and so Alyssa's aunt also made
most of these really cute bows like this
for her and then she made these cool
hangers hang on yeah
so those it has a couple of these that
have all her bows on them yeah I think
they're really cool these are the plain
ish ones
and this is my biggest bull against my
face I like that one too this is my
second biggest bull it's cute
yep my aunt made me this headband when I
was a baby and I still have it these are
the stretchy advanced and this is one
that the Franks gave us yeah we got that
on our family I'll package it was really
cute
next we have this for because sometimes
I wear it in our Christmas videos I'm
about one me too and also this one
what's that one
that's cute a nice faculy bow nice and
sparkly yep and this one is like the
Lakers
okay next we have these are the silver
boys
and this is my really fancy
fourth-of-july headband oh that was a
good one
I know I really like this one it's
really sparkly too and these are my
little masks this is a cutie mask is the
reindeer mask this one's for Christmas
this is a little pony headband and this
one is in a little owl about the one in
the middle ah this one oh yeah this one
I made at the church
it has peacock feather on it is it a
good job thanks
these ones have all the little flowers
on them and are harder than the other
ones I like with them me too
and these are all the really colorful
headbands have a lot of them won't suck
on our phones yep
let's show some of the best funds oh
yeah so some of my favorites over here
they're like these ones are really cute
and colorful and I also like this kind
this is really cute too
and this one's rainbow it's cute
and has a cute bow in the middle click
onto me tail and there's this cute
flower one mm-hmm
these are the really neon ones oh I like
that three flower one oh this one yeah
show me some of the other ones on that
pile there's this one your favorite oh
yeah there's this one this one's really
neat yeah oh and this one I got from
Easter oh yeah from the Easter Bunny
this is a cute little bow
and there's this one that matches
outfits - mm-hmm I don't have a sparkly
band that one's cute yeah I like that
one and I also like these ones these
ones are cute or good ones yeah I like
this one because it's rainbow my
favorite mm-hmm and this one belongs to
one of the costumes it's like a little
hat cowboy hat on a head end huh it's
pretty cute Oh try on this one this yep
oh yeah yeah isn't it cute yep who gave
you that one
my auntie yep and the others you want to
show did we get them all where's this
one - I don't know it was cute
yep okay lots of fun headbands here no
lack of her hands today we're going to
be doing a giveaway
whoever can guess the first person to
guess all the head games that I have
I'll mail this to you okay so whoever
can correctly guess how many headbands
Alyssa has from her video the first
person that puts the right number in the
comments we will mail you this toy yep
thanks for watching
