time to brush through miss deck so are
you excited Chris yeah I know that is
coffee faster the two tiny ones and yeah
it's gonna be pretty awesome
you look fun a big remote because pretty
fast doesn't it make a big pretty fast
too
look at its footprints if reading on the
ground you lock it down quit do you like
it
I think you think it's a bug you keep
chasing it an idiot it's a talk toy it's
not breaking my heart you
Alissa's controlling two at once right
now by using one remote and putting the
remote and both of the strand beasts on
the same frequency so if you have three
like we do here you can still control
all three of them it's just two of them
are going to move basically in the same
way and then if you want them to go
opposite you could turn this one this
way in this one this way now let's go
offer the directions are these pretty
fun guys yeah save it is too fast though
it's gonna win if you guys play tag are
these awesome guys yeah officers
so we have Zack controlling yellow let's
again filling light blue and David
controlling dark blue and they're all
working at the same time because I think
that these two you can have two at a
time for the small ones but this one
because I want to have a remote I think
it's the frequency that we're paying for
these ones so at least for us we're able
to work all these at once
