this really are sponsored by moose toys
hi guys today my brothers are very good
army themed obstacle course
okay guys in this obstacle course the
first thing we're gonna do is we're
gonna start touching the tree and we're
gonna run over that way and you have to
do ten jumping jacks following the ten
jumping jacks you got to go through the
tubes once you go through the tube
there's a toilet you have to open after
you open the toy you've got to go
through the tires as fast as you can
after the tires there's a bucket full of
bugs you've got to find the gummy bugs
and pull them out when you've done raise
your hand let's say done and that means
you've won food's ready to go first Ron
is gonna be Zak and Chris and Michael
and whoever wins out of those three in
the second versus David let's go
- Chris braces
Oh
rip it
Wow
