okay we're going to open some fan mail
today does it help you your name let's a
look oh that's cool is that your name
Zack that is cool this is mine is pink
David Lim is yours these are from Tori
she sent these two guys what do you
think got a cool say are their names
John look at this you want to get a
drink Asami
oh do you like yours Mike right yeah
these are really cool let's look at
Michaels look at that that is cool
because they're all getting cops doing
it Michael how do you guys like these
straws yeah awesome pretty cool oh is
that
you're never here Wow yes I think those
are the coolest draw I've never seen
daddy just got home from work just in
time to see us opening it
michael has one look at him it's not
like drinking it we have some really
nice fans don't we guys hmm what do you
guys say to Tori I think they're happy
super goal hey I love him
me too and night oh that's your favorite
color
yeah he's loving it how does she know
what is color I don't know she got lucky
with a good choice huh and she even knew
Zach likes orange and red
