hi guys it's David so we can do room
tour here's my artwork here's my Batman
house and here's my bookshelf and here's
all my books lots of good books in
David's room we got this cool bookshelf
used for only 15 or 20 dollars and we
have it anchored to the wall up here
I'll see if we can show you right there
it's anchored nicely to the wall so I
can't tip over and then here's something
David's pop I made him and you want to
open the bottom David so you can put
this stuff on those shelves and then
what's next
goodnight all about the house there's
his a laundry basket it's cute and it's
cool towel this is his bathroom oh this
is Brad and it is a little tough that we
got on vacation last year okay one sec
here's night terrible today got for
Christmas your hair's David's picture
are you dressed up this Batman and
what's this there's actually log so I
keep all that little delay and what's
cool is you can write on the white
stickers on these boxes you can label
them they can yep they are dry erase
this is a step to soit a step to toy
storage box so there so David toys that
he has there's one of his favorite toys
let's hide yep here's this bed with
some of his favorite stuffed animals
right yeah and it's curtain that's cool
more Batman some more stuff more artwork
that's cool here's David light and
his light he has a button his
grandparents gave him Texas Ranger badge
yeah here's the top of David's dresser
and what's this this is my dresser
mm-hmm did Papa made yep we have a video
all about the dresser because there is a
secret compartment huh yeah yeah here's
Dave his Legos and his favorite satchel
we'll call it a satchel huh
and then went on over here David what's
this area mycology yep his closet
there's where he keeps his weapons this
is where I keep his clothes for the next
couple years this is probably the next
four years or so at least in sizes and
then his toy box and more toy storage
and then he's got this cool mirror right
there some more cool stuff on the walls
we took off his closet doors so it would
make the room a little more open I like
it oh you had two doors always just hide
in there yeah I used to hide in there
huh bye guys I hope you enjoyed the room
tour
