today David and I decided to do some
arts and crafts it's cold though Bunty
it's made from play-doh it's a fun craft
all you have to do is pick your color
pop it into the styler and aim squeeze
and design it even dries overnight we're
giving today we're going to be doing the
flower tower here's these pieces you
start by popping out all the pieces they
were doing into this one yep looks like
it's coming out of nowhere
we're just gonna be the dressers and
make it authentic hmm okay okay so I
start by opening his in-house because so
it will stand up see how that stands and
then there's because to put this piece
near the top
look do this goes right in that little
groove right there perfect
yeah now we know where everything goes
so now we're gonna start decorating it
hmm that's okay okay okay so you're
gonna pick your color blue thank you so
remove the white cap yeah okay now we
got your tip on now we're gonna put it
in the styler like this and there's in
the back I'll be ready to start the
Vinci is similar to play-doh but it's
more malleable it's slightly more sticky
than play-doh but it's very easy to
clean up that's right if you make a
mistake all you do is wipe it up and
start over
see how you doing buddy good hard yeah
it's hard to try your best to do it
right now I'm gonna make a squeeze it
hard there you go
okay all right here yep ready yeah so
push it down kinda hard that's all zip
it up there you go that's better
good job time to do stop stars well good
job thanks looking good
look at the flower I'm almost a tree I
added a little extra piece admitted to
leaf how's yours going David good okay
so we put a little flower tower picture
frame together and you can see their
spots the pictures to go there and
Alissa is gonna put some of these
flowers that she made on when you want
to put the flowers on you just put the
davinci on the back and you use it white
glue so just put a little big glob of it
maybe you can put a pinch of Ames so I
don't cute huh more do you want to put
it
great there it is right there oh my god
he's pretty cute
it's got the front view and it's also
gotten kick side views it's hard to see
them but let's turn it a little bit
where's the side there's the back it's
all like let's put some more flowers on
here's our last flower thank you
yeah the teller is cute when we first
saw da Vinci probably almost a year ago
there wasn't nearly as many colors now
there's so many more colors there's even
white we don't have any white right now
but some when you pretty color how do
you like Alissa really good it's awesome
I'm excited to find some cute pictures
have been in there yeah
