we just got Michael's school bus
activity gym and we are going to
assemble it just gonna separate the
pieces out there's not too many pieces
we have like the two big yellow ones the
blue slide it looks like the red and
green or the platform and the white one
is gonna be the steering wheel area so
hopefully this won't take us too long
good job good job we put some of the
decals on the two pieces of the bus and
then we're looking here the instructions
and we notice that they call this part C
but over here they call it Part II and
Part C is actually the wheel so when
you're putting this together don't be
confused you just can't get enough at
the top of this so we're making progress
your hair is so soft today
oh I think y'all's got oh yes
this is classic Little Tikes they all
have this piece so be careful when
you're putting this in that you don't
just think you can just jam it in like
this make sure you kind of pinch this
little part and push it in softly
otherwise you'll end up bending your key
as you try to push it in because the
keys pretty strong but the holes not
that big there so here's the steering
wheel and there's these little white
pieces right there that piece they're
supposed to go in and then poke out that
top hole there and stick out and that's
what keeps the steering wheel in place
inside the toy but you can tell that
they barely stick out at all
and if you can push one the other one
goes in and that's why the steering
wheel is not staying in all the way so
he changed this ring to make it thicker
in hopes of helping the steering wheel
stay any better so we'll see how this
works it looks like you just used oil
how's that foil no it's electrical tape
it's electrical tape yeah whatever that
is dryer vent tube oh yeah so let's see
if we got it
so there's anything up Oh how's the test
okay well I have to say I think little
text that's gonna be getting a call
about this toy from me
as long as Michael just never pulls on
the steering wheel like a normal kid
might do then the steering wheel might
stay in place but it could be dangerous
if the steering wheel does come out
because then that little white piece
will come out and then he can choke on
that how do you like it Michael can you
honk the horn there you go well let's
cut these little things on the steering
wheel this one is not in my opinion that
exciting you can barely hear it there
you go
I think they could've done a better job
with that we did find that although the
plastic was somewhat warf we were able
to get it all back together so it fits
nicely and it looks pretty straight
there's a little bit of a sharp edge
right here I'm a little concerned about
that it's really sharp I could see
Michael actually getting cut on that so
I don't know Michael seems to really
like the toy so although it was a little
difficult annoying to put together it's
pretty cute looking so it could be a
good one to get be careful of Oh Michael
it's like he's too big and also too
small because he's like too big because
he's falling out and he's too small
because he doesn't understand that he
can get hurt huh
and babies shouldn't need to be that
supervised on their plan with the baby
toilet she able to play with it
