we're about to head to Disneyland the
kids are excited but first I'm going to
show you what I like to pack when I take
my kids to Disneyland
okay so here's some house stuff I take
when I go to Disneyland I try to pack a
really light because I don't want to
carry around a lot of stuff so I usually
bring a water bottle that I can refill
in the park I take my credit card and I
place it separately in this small purse
that I have I put my credit card my ID
my Disneyland ticket and my phone was
just a couple of things I use this purse
because it's small and it can go on all
the rides I learned this the hard way
because when I took my phone on a ride
without a purse last time I went I lost
my phone on the ride and it pretty much
wrecked our whole trip because we spent
the whole day looking for and finding it
after had been lost we did actually
recover it someone did turn it in after
they kept it for a whole day and played
with it but anyway after that I realized
I needed to get something small that I
could take with me on all the rights I
also like to take a small camera on top
of my regular camera just so that I have
something quick that I can take on rides
they also can fit in this small purse I
like to bring a little bit pan sanitizer
my chapstick a spare sunblock for the
kids in case I notice some part of them
getting a little bit red I also do grab
a poncho sometimes just in case you know
the weather can change and it might rain
this actually has two ponchos and it's
really small also if it's a little bit
chilly and I want to still go on
something like Splash Mountain I won't
get wet don't forget the diapers
sometimes I do like to bring a sweet
snack for the kids because they will ask
for something and I can be like hey we
already have it I also like to grab a
map for all my kids I keep the maps in
the stroller with me because the kids
love to look at the maps if they get a
little bit antsy
I'll give them a map they tend to really
like it and the final thing that I
always pack when I go to Disneyland are
these fun little toys sometimes you can
even get these used or somewhere else
like eBay you can get them cheaper and
then you're not going to have your child
begging for them when they get into the
park asking can I have one can I have
because they've already got one it's
definitely good to possibly make a
checklist something we sometimes forget
is the sippy cup don't want to forget
that when you're all day at the park and
a blanket for when it gets cold at night
yep or a sweatshirt don't want to forget
the jackets do we nope and we have an
extra blanket right here that we're
going to bring and two bags with jackets
Michael's about to get the candy right
now I don't forget a visor and be sure
to offer your kids a healthy snack
especially if it's been a couple hours
since you have breakfast and you're on
your way into the park that way they
won't big for the first yummy smelling
churro that they smell
