he's ready to go be ready to ride yeah
Michael's riding in the Ford f-150
Raptor by step 2 this is actually a
pretty cool little toy when we first got
this toy I assumed it was going to be
similar to the cozy coop where they can
just pedal along with their feet and
then the handle was just in case the
parent wanted to help along I've
realized that this is actually more of a
stroller type toy at least for how we
use in our family so it's got two doors
they both open and it's got a little
floor panel in there
so that his feet won't go through and
you can attach the floor panel with
screws if you want so it's permanent
ours is not attached but it stays in
there well even if you don't have the
screws in there so it's got a nice
turning radius it turns right just on
the back wheels we've been using this
step to car for Michael every single
night yes for our nightly walks with the
kids he's just loving it it's so easy to
use it's already set up so it's actually
easier than a stroller for us right now
you love sitting in it it's got the
storage behind we usually put our keys
back there he doesn't even notice and
the only thing I think that they should
have done on this is add a seat belt to
it because you can see he's climbing all
around and even when I tell him to sit
down he forgets and he gets that so um
if they remake this toy they just need
to put a little seat belt clips in so
make it a whole lot safer
sit down off
Hey look could you see did
there we go there we go here's the front
view here we are writing on the street
surface instead of the sight book and it
is pushing just fine not super loud it's
really cute I really like this toy and
you can see the back wheels they spin in
the front wheels are stationary but then
on the underside that wheel right there
is what is used to make the car turn
this car is meant for ages 18 months
left up to about 50 pounds so Michael is
I think they look so cute cuz you can
just barely goes over the top of it this
is a fun car yeah are you having a bag
come on boy that's where it goes isn't
it you want to get more yeah you could
drinking again
