hi guys today I'm gonna show you my
awesome that so David's bed is a step to
bed we picked this bed because we love
step to products and we think they're
constructed really well I also like this
guy because he got it when he was a lot
younger where after we had the twins we
had to move David out of his toddler bed
so they could have it so this bed seemed
really safe because it had these nice
walls and a cool ladder and lots of cool
things about the bed the only thing we
had to change about the bed was that
underneath everybody let's get down for
a second the slats didn't seem extremely
strong so we put a piece of wood under
his bed to keep it sturdy so that he
could you know stand jump whatever I
don't know if we can really get it out
but basically the slats underneath are
just you know kind of thin and they just
go across and I didn't seem like the bed
would be good without putting something
underneath the mattress so no no there's
another ladder on the other side yeah so
you can have the bed either angle in
your room and it will work out and
there's also doors on both sides of it
so what's your favorite part David David
loves the hideout and so do his brothers
are you guys having fun under there what
I like about the bed is the assembly and
disassembly is really easy there's just
a handful of large pieces and they just
all screw together so we've moved the
bed twice now for a woman home and never
had any problems moving it so you see
there's a couple screws here and there
the only complaint we have is that when
we're making the bed and we have to put
our hands down the sides this isn't very
soft it's a little on the rough side I
would like it a little smoother there's
a couple little edges that are a little
jagged but that's not a huge complaint
because we don't have to change the
sheets that often on this bed so it
works nicely
