today we're going to open our uncle on
shark tank it's made by Hexbug
looks like we have some pieces decorator
oh then we have a fish and we have the
tank talk about tanks are so easy to set
up one of my favorite things about this
product is that they work right out of
the box there's virtually no setup at
all required for these and I love toys
that you can just play with right away
so you just pour your water in and then
you're going to attach your shark
pushing straight down these are the
little decorations that come in the tank
and they're cool because they have
weights in the bottom so they stay put
once you put them in there oh then you
put your fish in there it goes just to
catch the fish we're just gonna keep
filling up our tank
we have Michael Michael let's not sound
like that Chris although we did learn
that phrase from a Disney movie what
movie is that from Walt Disney monsters
a because right when we're done playing
with our aquabox what we like to do is
thankful the water so we usually take
the water outside and pour on a plant to
water a plant that way we're not just
pouring it down the same one of my
favorite things that I love about these
aqua BOTS is that the tails come off and
they go right back on so they're great
in case your kids pull on them they're
really sturdy they're really cute they
have a cute little light inside them so
you can play with them at night so they
have two speeds carrots going half tempo
kind of slowed it down and there's its
fast tempo look this is just wait I want
to wake it up good job
all you do to wake up your fish is just
tap the side of your tank and then after
five minutes of no activity for the fish
it'll go back to sleep to save its
batteries did exhibit is this an awesome
toy you guys yeah good keeps the tank
nice and ready for next time
