ah we're filming this question answer
video today it's gonna be kind of a
special video for us because we're
celebrating something today what are we
celebrating
we sure appreciate it and our chat
wouldn't be what it is about all you
guys so we're gonna go ahead and get
started first of all we like to
acknowledge a letter that we received
from Skyler did want to join the letter
yeah good so thank you Skyler for
sending us a letter
whoa be careful guys okay the first
question is from Chani van gogh 1991
says ELISA
who is your favorite Disney Princess hmm
I like jasmine okay and David where's
the favorite place you've ever been on
vacation Oh didn't you laughs okay hey
Zack what is your favorite animal okay
and Chris yes what's your favorite color
blue and Michael what's your favorite
food let me say dad I don't think he
said broccoli but I'm not sure roughly
okay um forty-six one Oh Michael is a
comedy Michael doesn't want to
participate okay Michael you go play
okay um here is from trying to fix that
I go okay the next question is from 12
Kaitlyn it's a holistic
do you wish to be like your mom when
you're older that means me yes good okay
now this will Trump ABA azh it says what
are your favorite toys so Rach what's
your favorite toy
because a cube so they're good joys okay
David Oh what what's your favorite toy
you know okay you could think about if
you think of it like hmm Alyssa what's
your favorite toy okay and Chris OH -
remember that Fox welcome we go and I
out a template go and then when we often
someone you guys
so Chris's favorite toy is in an
upcoming video you guys are going to see
where they are with their box sledding
down the stairs so that's his favorite
toy okay
yeah she also wants to know if we have
seen the snow have we seen this now yeah
yeah and we like the smell okay um let's
see oh this one's from Emily Hale it it
says if you could meet three other
youtubers who would they be
okay well our kids don't watch a lot of
other YouTube channels but what do you
guys think yeah good but there's your
answer okay if I had to pick I would say
I would like us to meet people that have
sent us stuff oh yeah or people that we
communicate with a lot we have some fans
Stacy Chloe Dealey or yeah um who else
um Claire there's just a handful of
people I know I'm leaving out people
because there's quite a few of you guys
oh Deena or do you say Dinah
sorry if I'm missing your name wrong but
there's a few people that's always right
to us
so all of you guys do would love to meet
any
guys and we hope that we actually can
meet you in real life soon so okay well
the next question comes from Kenzie KK
EXO and she asks how can you send fan
mail to us um the answer is you can send
us a message on Facebook Instagram
Twitter you can send a private messaging
on YouTube any of those places and we
will provide our p.o box ok the next one
is from Jessi for Kelsey Briggs and they
asked were you influenced by someone to
start your YouTube channel and the
answer that is no so here's the story of
how our channel started we don't live
that close to all of our family because
we've moved quite a bit and so the twins
were doing really cute things as babies
and we decided to take some videos of
the twins so we could show our family
who doesn't live close what the kids
were up to so I don't even think I had a
Facebook account at this time I just put
this video up on YouTube I never even
shared the video nothing and I checked
back on the video a little while later I
had 10,000 views and I honestly was
terrified because I was wondering who'd
be looking at my video so I almost took
the video down but my brother-in-law
said do not take your video down leave
that video on YouTube and we did leave
it on and three
days later the video had a million views
and that's how our channel started and a
couple of you guys have been watching
since day one and we just kind of kept
adding videos for the family to see and
then people that liked the channel asked
for other videos and the channel grow so
let's look at the next one yes thank you
thank you um see Sarah sixty four four
six seven asks if we'll do some
challenge videos because she thinks it
will be fun and the answer is yes we do
plan to do some challenge videos in fact
we have the twins doing the Doritos
flawless challenge and we are doing a
bean boozled that one fun yeah that's a
good video okay yeah other questions
it's the longest similar line this
person wants to be remaining anonymous
but they were asking a similar question
about our first video on YouTube and so
that first video currently has over 17
million views and it's twins putting
themselves to bed that's our first ever
YouTube video and it just happened to go
viral which is cool so okay the next
question is let's see here
okay Zach and Chris Zach what's your
favorite thing about Chris okay playing
cars and what's your favorite thing with
duck
Oh playing basketball it's a good idea
Alisa what do you think about being the
oldest in the family
I like being the oldest David what do
you like about being the middle child
this question is from Emma Borden 51:54
and then she says Michael you can't talk
it so Michael is like any question which
is just fine okay from Diana Bustos one
two three she asks twins do you like
having a twin do you like having this
one brother yeah
do you why do you like having a twin oh
that's nice
do you love that I do and then ELISA she
also wants to know how does it feel
being the only girl I like it you like
it you look at all these boys and she
asked anything about David mom how are
your kids so well-behaved I don't know
we just got lucky I guess I don't know
we try to teach them good principles we
tried it we prepped her trying to model
how we want them to act we try to act
nice and teach them to act nice as well
so I don't know I'm not good in certain
questions I guess um okay another one
this is from someone who's called Family
Fun Pack fan
David is mommy and daddy had another
baby would you want it to be a boy or a
girl boy William tangle with in with
Michael if we could have to it can even
what a shame
like even out like that otherwise you
wanna grow so high yeah why can have
baby like we have right now it looks
like an IVF cycle
hey um she asks if you were in a
Broadway play what part would you be so
that's like a big stage where they're
singing and dancing what part would you
play I'll answer those like visit my to
our show
nope any show mm probably a singer a
singer okay yeah baby you want a girl
because I special okay and she also says
mom how do you handle five kids okay I
do have an answer for this one my
biggest thing is organization and
cleanliness
I just can't function if the house isn't
clean and organized so the main thing is
keeping them helping me keep the house
clean
that's one main thing I do and I try to
keep everyone on task you know I'll be
multitasking that's another big thing is
I have one kid practicing the piano one
kid doing homework somebody doing theory
everyone's doing something and I'm kind
of going between all the kids trying to
keep everybody on their task that helps
in planning ahead that also helps
especially when it comes to getting
ready um so yeah okay um two worlds
collide asks what is your favorite thing
to do on a day with no school Alyssa you
like to ride bikes what's your answer
I'd say his lean okay
Oh mommy FF IO n one two nine six eight
asks Alyssa would you like a little
sister yes I think we're not sure enough
if it was cute and the problem is
everyone Michael is so cute and we can
all hardly stand it so now we're just
worried that no one could ever live up
to Michael for our family
is that true yes okay okay um Chris this
one's for you come over here just tea
24:13 she first asks mom and dad do we
ever call Chris Zack and Zack Chris
sometimes we do I if they're running
away and I don't have a good look at
them I might call them the wrong one and
if I do they definitely correct me and
what about you three to five times per
day Kiki and then Zack and Chris oh if I
am in the face I'll never make a mistake
yeah if we're looking at their chase we
won't get it wrong this is really from a
distance do you wish you were not a twin
or that you were twin Palestine yeah Oh
Chris wants to be a dog okay um
kalista's j 4 4 5 6 are we considering
having another baby
humanity I want to answer that and then
crystal x ir r asks the same question as
well as a few other people i think a
summation answer is yes we're
considering it there you go
um okay oh and then the same person she
also asked us how do we tell them apart
okay and someone else asks unless it's a
girl for first off Dave is quite a bit
taller informed good point okay welcome
back to that question cuz I was gonna
ask that later and you can wear Gemma
sure we could
okay so Leanne lambtron asks does Alyssa
want a sister I think we know the answer
to that okay we asked some of these are
the same questions okay now jo t 1992
asks as a mommy how do you handle yours
kids and housework and how do you stay
positive and do you feel upset when your
kids make a mess yes I'm upset when they
make a mess ask them I don't like messes
um however we try to reduce the messes
when there's too many toys I get rid of
the toys I sell a lot of things it's
secondhand stores and things like that I
generally will take all their old
clothes and I'll sell it used so that I
can buy their new clothes and the same
thing with toys I'm sure you all see
that we have a ton of twitter views on
our channel and we don't own all those
toys a lot of the toys we borrow them
and then we give them back when we're
done or we will buy them used and then
we'll just sell them used within a week
of doing our reviews on them so that
helps keep the messes down and um how I
stay positive I would say I'm just a
happy person that's how I've always been
I've always been pretty happy and
positive and yeah so that's that I guess
um let's see somebody asks what our
middle names are and that's something we
won't be answering because we want to
keep this private um for the kids
there's a couple inappropriate questions
we won't be answering so if we don't
answer your question it's just because
maybe we don't feel like it's
appropriate for the channel okay Alyssa
this our prom it's Momo X X Alyssa what
is your favorite subject in school
guards and yeah well this is very good
at both of us David if you get a ticket
then you can go anywhere you want to
where would you go come on Zack comes up
picking you up with Creek
oh good like a cute store let me go for
sitting go and smell very cool okay
Chris come sit down when you grow up
what do you want to be Chris a
transformer gardens that when you grow
up what you want to be i challenge final
epic this say what a snowman kelly on my
hand oh my gosh she asked David what you
muster David what do you want to be
perfect yeah do spread that Nazir
no okay David doesn't to be a pirate
okay and mom and dad I love your videos
so much thank you for sharing your
awesome life with five awesome kids and
she's from Japan she says okay the next
question comes from chihuaha and she
says she's asking what our favorite
family games to play are so what games
we like I like to play battleship and
you really go oh now who knows a fun
game it's a card game super fun okay um
um Anna call us she asks what's your
favorite color
Chris David greenish blue mix together
okay and just one Lima clean okay no
accent all the colors I like almost all
the colors what's your favorite them
pink Maya and feel good
um Fatihah cr7 wants to know how old you
are how are you at eight how are you
five six five and Michael's one okay and
the next one is from hua tgw and she's
asking Elissa or he I can't tell her
profile actually Alisa and David how do
you know who is that
and who is Chris so how do you tell
apart and there is a handful of people
to ask this question but I just wanted
to use this one because they're asking
them how to do it instead of us Skeeter
Oh Fred I can tell because sometimes
it's been wearing shoes somewhere and up
behind them on the back of them to my
have different stuff so that's how you
tell exactly might have blue an award
the Chris might have black so David can
tell because they're sometimes wearing
different shoes okay and Alissa how do
you tell I think it is around her face
okay so Alyssa thinks chris has around
our face our triangle single face looks
like you do egg down okay it's all of
our fans and men do the baking it's the
twins have slightly different noses so
to us they look completely different
sometimes I wonder if they even are
identical because they just look so much
different to me but they look different
to me ever since they were born in fact
I could tell who was who if they were in
the other room
and they were crying I could tell he was
crying I would just be like go get Chris
he's crying you know he will be like how
can you tell that's Chris and I like I
don't know I've always known so um
Chris's cry felt sadder to me when he
cried it seemed like it was sadder and
Zach's crying was just a little
different so that's how I could even
tell them apart as new words okay so
next we're going to move on to our
Facebook questions and don't forget if
you would like to be part of our next
Q&A you need to follow us on Instagram
for sure we're going to be announcing it
on Instagram and then we'll probably
also put an announcement on Facebook so
be sure to find Family Fun Pack on
Instagram and Facebook for that and then
along those lines we also want to thank
everybody for clicking like on our
videos we really appreciate it when you
guys click like and we of course
appreciate your shares
and one final thing is about comments
we've been trying really hard to reply
to all the comments we get on our
channel and we are getting a lot of
comments and we have pretty much been
replying all of them and we're going to
do our best to continue that however if
you do post a question on our channel on
one of our videos and we don't reply to
the question generally it's because your
YouTube settings don't allow us to reply
so just keep that in mind if you ask a
bunch of questions with the just kidding
no reply out for a few days it's because
we can't reply to you so don't think
we're ignoring you it's just that we
didn't write to you so um that's that
and we love your comment and we love
reading them so thank you okay
so this one comes from Chloe Sims she
says who was the best person you'd met
through YouTube okay I think she wants
us to say that it's her
no but seriously Chloe is probably the
person that we talked to the most out of
any of our fans we chat with Chloe every
single day she's super cool super nice
she said the kids these really cute
shirts that they would wearing in some
of their videos and she's from the UK
and we've really come to like her I feel
like she's actually become a friend to
us which is really cool because you
would think that people across the world
would ever become your friends but we
have one now so Thank You Chloe um the
next one comes from Molly rose and she
asked if we can do a room tour and we do
have a room tour coming up and we will
be doing other room tours in the future
so that is yes um suzana asks how old is
David six good um Becky Connie asks how
long do we think we'll keep vlogging for
no idea until we have nothing to talk
about in our family's super boring and
we'll stop um okay let's see Tory Durham
asks what animal or person are you good
at imitating what animals can you guys
pretend be him
Zack what animal can you pretend to be
cat okay what can you guys pretend to be
a new idea Chris what can you you're
gonna do it up here because we can't see
you okay come do it right here on the
table but Chris can be a kitty and
Michael is really good at imitating
Kitty's also Michael loves making noises
David thanks really good Tiger noises
and then what's your answer Alissa Oh
puppies puppies okay um Alissa Hannah
Middleton asks how much do you like My
Little Ponies she likes a lot and do you
guys like to read books yeah I do what
books do you guys like to read name your
favorite book
but for demands it oh really right now
Owen I'm telling your favorite book all
the time I am like a little house in the
Big Woods
no what about the Dolphin Tale oh yeah I
got one - that was super good I do you
know a black eye line what I like that
Pikachu but okay okay
she also asked if we had a McDonald's
where we lived do we have McDonald's
yeah what Ariel okay everybody this is a
question for everyone what's your
favorite food Chris tomato and Zach
everything Mallika nany still okay her
grandma's do David
oh my jelly sandwiches Danny I'd say
barbecue brisket Texas barbecue oh
that's good food and myself um my
favorite food used to be pizza but now
that I'm allergic to onion and garlic I
can't really
that is on your food so I guess I would
say frozen yogurt is my favorite yeah
okay
um and she says she also asked about the
fan manner we answered that one and D
McNeal asks your number one rule you
repeat over and over that they have the
hardest time with how about putting
their shoes away when we get out of the
car there's a little that's fine then
when you constantly have to remind them
the gun but their shoes away before they
enter the house yep that's one and then
leading at the table yeah this way they
like to stand up when they eat sometimes
or try to take their food elsewhere um
what else anything else so I always say
putting their clothes in there long
again right did you like yeah I just
thought yeah we're working on not
putting our clothes on the floor high
then she said did you expect to come so
famous on social media no I don't think
we are that famous or a channel store
pretty small like true our channel is
not that famous at this point but even
what we have were shocked and we're
thankful and our goal is not to be
famous we just like making videos it's a
good record for us to see our kids when
we get over and for you guys to see okay
uh Joshua
Joel asks who do you think amongst the
kids hides stuff from you regularly I'm
not sure exactly what he means by that
but um who likes to hide their toys a
lot Chris always hides things Chris will
take Alyssa's favorite toys he'll like
hiding around the corner until she's
like freaking out trying to figure out
where it is and he thinks it's hilarious
and David likes to hide his - it's like
si all right - it was a hide to work as
soon as I offer a chocolate for some
missing item suddenly they have a great
memory within ten seconds I come down
the stairs and produce the item so yeah
um Isabella ground asks what state we
live in where do we live guys very great
state if I might add that um okay okay
Katelyn James asks do the twins like
dressing the same Zach do you like
dressing the same as Chris yeah yeah
Christie like dressing the same is Zach
yeah yeah I like it when they match I
think it's cute
yeah okay um even is so ash how has your
life changed after having kids and she
wants us to explain before and after
having kids I think our life has changed
nothing but for the best after having
kids I feel like if we didn't have kids
our life will be pretty much completely
boring and completely meaningless not to
say that if you don't have kids your
life is worthless but I need at least
for us I feel like my life means so much
more because of these guys and I
wouldn't change it for the world have
you like them what do you think right I
mean we're busy but every day was going
to the gym after work and playing
basketball in and out this is before we
got there for weekend honey hutch kids
right
it was just traveling all that you know
I don't know I'm just trying to have fun
but none of that none of those things
people do but they think they need to do
in their 20s or whatever could compare
to have your children yeah and we still
have lots of fun we still play
basketball we both we go to the gym and
once I've asked them all together and
it's one of our favorite pastimes we
play basketball a lot I think we're
pretty good at basketball
I'm usually whatever team were on wins
then it's fun we love it we've made some
really great friends playing basketball
also actually yep Alissa Commons and
financial watches play so I see some of
the things that we love before we got
married
alone now um okay um
Savannah asks can the twins tell
themselves apart when they're looking at
their pictures so when you look at a
picture on the computer can you tell if
it's Chris or Zach Zach can you tell
Chris can ya the picture know if it's
yours oh yeah I think they can I don't
Chris nodded his head yes um Chelsea
Smith asked if we would ever do a
meet-and-greet and the answer is yes
we're going to be traveling all the way
to Florida this year and we're hoping
that we can meet some of you guys along
the way hmm um and she also asks was it
a challenge with Michael having a cast
on since he was so young and the answer
is also yes I hated that cast I it was
so sad with Michael in that cast and uh
oh man it was the sad time for him he
was a really good sport about it and he
never cry he wasn't even fussy the
doctor said he might be fussy a lot he
really never even was but it was just a
hassle for us trying to find clothes we
had to buy him a few new shirts so he
pretty much more the same four shirts
for a month straight while he had his
cast on so I was just dying to get him
out of it so he could look cute again in
his regular clothes um okay Katherine
Bowman what's your favorite movie this
comes it with me grocery Chris what's
your favorite movie maybe that's a good
question for me can you think about it
David what's your answer what's your
favorite movie Titanic ambien Oh what's
yours um Jenny yeah Prince of Egypt
what's yours
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 ok
what's yours me Bob to play and you know
what you like meatballs I don't even
think I we don't even own that movie but
I know a movie the kids like a lot don't
you like Milo and Otis
I like Maya
and I ninja hi yeah I feel like I'm
homeward bound that's a good movie -
twice college with the twins watch Milo
and Otis like once a day it's their
favorite movie but we only watch movies
in the car so we don't watch really any
movies at all in the house so um okay
what's your favorite bathtub toy ooh
what do you guys like to play in the
bathtub I don't feel terrible
boy he's so cute my stingray your
stingray so they're talking about in the
video where Alyssa did the little red
barn that showed all her animals they've
taken those little animals and they put
them in the bathtub all the sea creature
yeah all the sea animals like the
starfish and the dolphins and the sharks
they have in the bathtub well before
then what way you're going to say what's
your favorite bath toy
yeah my fire she likes the animals also
what about you okay
trophies okay Chris is in a silly mood
today okay um how did we meet um
Carmy Graham Williams asks how we met
and we were going to college and we were
set up by a friend and we went on a
blind date and he said that the first
time he saw me he knew he was gonna
marry me and it turned out to be true
obviously and we got married and engaged
pretty quickly actually we just know it
was the right thing to do and so we got
married
hmm let's see
neural um fateha' she asks what your job
is you are a teacher oh yes um Christy
Johnson asks by the way we've been
chatting with her and she seems really
nice um can you do longer vlogs and yes
we will we're trying to start getting
into doing more daily vlogs and longer
videos and things like that so yes we
have some longer ones coming up okay
here's from Stacy Stacy's our friends
with endless or nice gift cards for
Christmas Zach and Chris if you could be
any animal what would you be a cat Zach
if you could be any animal what would
you be a cat they love cats and Alissa
she says I was one of five kids but
there was only one boy in her family how
do you think your life would be
different if you had a sister
yes how would you like be different if
you had a sister
well right now alloys and up
I don't jerilyn at my church that's true
she might have to share a room that's a
good answer
yeah okay David what's the best thing
about being the oldest boy in the family
has my room he has over messenger for me
okay yeah everything is like when they
were yo girl I tried unzip the face and
looked about their totem okay Molly Rose
how crowd asks if you had your own kids
what would you name them what name did
you pick what would you name your own
kids who once answer it oh nice what do
you think what names do you like I can't
take away no Zach do you have any ideas
what are you dan your own kids names
okay um
Carolyn shoka asks what is your favorite
cartoon Turk in yeah like a show yeah
what do you guys like to watch what's
your favorite show
what about on what hello on Netflix at I
can do everything on Pokemon okay they
have an aunt who's gotten them into
liking Pokemon n scooby-doo they like to
looking and the only show that they do
watch on real TV is Sofia the first do I
like Sofia he likes a sword ah they like
that show uh Ruby Vannoy asks why do we
know
and why did we live in Argentina and she
wants you to make a video speaking in
Spanish doing it too that you can answer
in Spanish right now point the video
right now yes hallo obvious - yeah as -
viago massive area en la universidad
he's to be my disciple on sanyas e
quando will be lost in history under la
la universidad y estoy a low a la casa
tortillas comas Padres como de tete de
los estudiantes en escuela como se
sienta por ciento de ellos hablan
español que Mis estudiantes mas Bella
entonces esta por ESO lo hablo me
encanta el español y tambien hey yeah
Tom yellow alvitaro a visit anyway
bloody though we're going to okay auntie
and authority el habla Mayo
okay um this question is from Kelly
Cunningham mommy and daddy how do you
make it through the day with five little
ones
that's definitely harder for her than me
when I leave it's like a vacation I'm
gone all day
I teach seventh graders which can be
challenging but compared to having five
kids who are constantly with all the
time getting into stuff making messes I
mean we're trying to train them not to
do that but yeah they're kids and
they're not perfect so we also try not
to get mad at them partly how our
YouTube channel actually started a
little bit other than the first video we
put up to share with the family was um
the twins were just a lot to handle when
they're a baby because my oldest kid was
thirty nine months and I had three
younger so I had a barely three year old
two babies and an 18 month old so I had
a lot of little ones all at once and so
the twins would be trashing the house
and the only thing I could do to keep my
cool was just to grab the video camera
just record them because I knew that if
I was recording I couldn't get mad at
them and so it kind of like helped me
just take a chill pill just calm down
realize yeah it's a mess but it's not
that big of a deal it's gonna pass you
know we'll clean up the mess we'll have
another day it'll be fine and then in 20
years we're going to be like oh my gosh
remember when you guys poured that 10
pounds of popcorn on the floor and it's
gonna be funny yeah you were like you
know some of the messes we honestly
laugh about in fact a video coming out
the other day we were just sitting right
in here recording and I heard the
loudest crash I've ever heard in the
house and it was Michael about 20 feet
from us he pulled the lamp over
completely shattered it and of course we
could get mad and we've had people post
comments on some of our videos like when
Michael son of the bathroom and when
Michael um broke the dishes telling us
that we should spank him and things like
that and there's no way we'd spank
Michael so anyone thinks things we
should there's no way we would spank him
it's it's just not right
he's not old enough for that by any
means and I feel like you know that's
how you learn he's little he's making
mistakes and that just happens so I was
disappointed that the lamp broke but
honestly I didn't care the main thing we
cared about was is Michael okay yes he
was totally fine he pulled the lamp over
and it broke nowhere near him so took a
video and now we're gonna laugh about it
so he that's kind of our take on life
just have fun and you know enjoy it um
so let's see um limb gene who up asks
who do you think is the best child at an
age meaning Alyssa and David age 4 were
they good children I would say yes
Alyssa David had been good at pretty
much every age David went through a
small stage where he didn't want to
buckle in his car seat at his grandma's
house cuz he wanted to stay there yeah
that was about it
yeah the twins of course have had a
little more energy
have been a little harder to control but
yeah and Michael's been an angel his
whole life um let's see li Guang Co I'm
saying he's right sorry if I mess up
your name he asks how would we describe
our children so do an answer it um ELISA
is a confident eager to please and likes
to help Chris likes likes to play tricks
on people and likes attention Duke Yue
Fei nice Nate exact likes to do pranks
and be funny
I like the tension buddy growling
David's are best at going to bed
okay he's often the middle children are
over like the things really is a good
big brother
and he's a good example he's our he goes
to bed better than any of our other
children we say go to bed he just goes
to bed does Annie text reminder he does
so David impresses me every day with my
job
did you say everybody I think so I mean
I think grace like oh yeah okay so think
about like me
Michael is just so sweet he is a mama's
boy
all talking like he's a mama's boy and I
love it Becky I'm so happy that you
loves me so much it makes me so happy
huzi is so cute yes Michael loved one
hug a new right now being so sweet and
cuddly
what's Michael's been out of it the boss
of that room and you put tick and I fell
over Danny started hug you he's getting
bigger and stronger as it - what are you
doing ya got to watch out for just
Trexler asks if we can move anywhere in
the world where will we go and why no
yeah where we move anywhere in the world
we could move smokers uh-huh okay Wow
okay all this is what okay um Bridget
Brammer asks what's your favorite animal
has anyone not answered that question I
think I all answered that question and
ours is I like dogs
me too I like tempers if you don't know
how to take first up oh and it's at 40
Kenzi ass camera we use the most common
can re-use is this camera right here and
I have like an olympus a canon a sony we
have a handful of different cameras do
we use I use them all but I use my
iPhone the GoPro yeah we have quite a
few cameras um okay and somebody else
asked us I can't find the question
because I'm kind of skimming over them
okay um okey Mohammad wants to know if
you could have a superpower what would
it be
ice ice conjures big fires ice flying
and visibility what would you have a
superpower
no no Mina saunas people I'm I'm really
good really good one okay what I change
my mind about 2800 exact go to
superpower facts tornados and
earthquakes ah they're crossing each
other's answers at all yeah okay
Michael's back he was taking a little
nap um so Jesse James um Jason asks um
are we going to make a video showing
toys another video showing toys yes the
answer is yes we do lots of those and
somebody else asked and I can't find the
question but I said that we would answer
it to Michael Paul okay um okay
somebody else asked a question I can't
really find it but I said that we would
answer in this video and it is what is
our news because we've kind of been like
a little bit in the video so we're going
to try to say hi a little more often but
do you want to tell them mommy's name
wait what's your answer
mama that's nice
my name is Christine and this has been
met so that's us and these are our cute
kids in the case you kind of figure out
who we see on the video this exact this
is Chris um any other question
