my god did you do oh don't go on the
ground oh you are super dirty Michael
show me your face where's your nose oh
no no don't hug me oh thank you oh my
god this is the video of you you think
oh my god when I go breaking Michael
where's your nose love where's your nose
Oh mommy's all look at this no mommy you
dirty too and Michael just wants to hug
oh well you can wash our shirts can't we
thank you thank you love you are so
dirty yeah you know it too hey and I
think you have a stinky diaper too
presents for mommy look at that kisser
even in his hair you did eat some of his
sandwich little stinker now I'm gonna go
wash myself come here Michael he's gonna
trash the whole house oh we're gonna
have to stop recording there's his
handprint okay come on stand up stand up
oh my gosh
come on love come on love let's go wash
Kate oh you are a little stinker
okay let's go oh yeah you think you're
gonna run away but you're not come on
let's help up let's go let's go wash
hands
go on okay you're so dirty
okay now we're gonna wash let's watch I
know how we're gonna get this bow what's
in your hair it's all purple in your
hair - yeah let's wash it would you
rather just play in the water that's fun
too
oh don't like it that's dirty water okay
oh don't like it you little thinker like
a pun you're being so silly today okay
do it okay oh don't do that it's dirty
water okay okay now let's eat a part of
your sandwich okay let's eat one more
bite
there we go let me scoot eat your
sandwich you're just too hyper
okay bye bye
