hey everybody so you guys might know
that we've been participating in a
really large give back campaign it's
called light the world and we've been
spending all of our time almost for the
last two weeks buying and donating toys
clothes shoes we've picked a family to
sponsor and we've just been putting a
lot of time and effort into it so we've
not been uploading as much in our
channel but we're trying to put family
first as well so we've been uploading on
the kids channels and putting a lot of
effort into their channels so don't
forget to go watch their tales and you
guys are gonna love the video we're
working on for you guys
with our give back it's gonna be awesome
what did you want to anybody it's really
fun you got a huge it's it's good to get
back isn't it tell me your favorite
video we did on your channel this week
Chris you did two skits the Grampian
granny and your auntie pants get coming
you David and you did a lion video and
Zach and Chris you guys did a watch
video which is awesome Michael what's
your video about this week
yes did you go to preschool for the very
first time
yes did you love it
super fun make sure you go to Michael's
channel and watch his first day of
preschool video you're going to love it
it's so cute he was so happy it was it
was awesome I was afraid he was gonna be
scared
he totally wasn't he loved it speaking
of cute there is somebody cute so don't
forget to go watch all the kids channels
ELISA uploaded the twins uploaded three
times David uploaded two times
Michael uploaded was lots of stuff going
on all their channels and we will see
you guys after Christmas bye Merry
Christmas
you
