okay today we are opening a package from
Joe Salter and his family he has two
little girls that like to watch our
videos Michael wants to open it okay can
you guys open it up to mom and dad
parents are juggling a lot very well Joe
is a juggler and what he sent us is a
book that he actually wrote himself so
he wrote this but look at you guys you
know he gave you both our juggling balls
to learn how to juggle do you guys know
how to juggle do you want to try yeah
okay see what's inside there Oh David
let me help you with that what's inside
your envelope it's a cage oh you know
this picture this is Joe and you know
what he's doing he's swimming in the
ocean probably or lake and he's juggling
while he's swimming he's juggling three
balls whoa Michael you're tackling him
yeah this is your book do you like that
picture yeah that was the envelope on
that you're definitely long
yes you're right you're such a jerk with
the balls you're right
Oh Michael throwing the balls okay let
me see you try to juggle you throwing up
and then try to catch it and throw the
next one up David you try to yeah David
doing it look
Angie's doing it try guys okay I'm gonna
open this one up what's up in this man
oh look at that he has a YouTube video
how to juggle three balls so we can go
check out video juggle three balls ball
swimming this is movie Discovery Channel
Daily Planet
I'm sure it's awesome because anything
Discovery Channel is pretty awesome
here you go try this on you can sit down
looks good on you
I like the other face better what do you
guys say to Joe Joe who was excited to
read juggling through the jungle yay
Casey thank you
