are you reading your book look at you
well today it's been a very interesting
day first I think I'll start with last
night last night we came downstairs and
we decided to turn on the TV and that's
what the TV looked like so apparently
somebody did something to our TV and
we're still investigating it so that's
the least of our problems because I
found out today that my external hard
drive that I was using to back up my
files all my pictures and videos it
seems to have sort of crashed luckily
though we have a company that we use
called Carbonite and they are being paid
to backup all of our videos and pictures
so since I know everything was up to
date I called and I tried to get my
backup to start so all my files could be
restored and when I went through the
files and start looking I started
noticing that some things were missing
so they escalated me to their tier 2
support and all these fun things only to
tell me that something had happened and
unfortunately for us our pictures and
videos are gone so of course we were I
personally was devastated of course the
rest of the family is not happy but I'm
probably the most upset of everyone and
I've been calling around all night
trying to figure out what I'm gonna do
how I can possibly get all of our stuff
back I'm hearing Bank so anyway I know a
lot of you guys are wanting Christmas
stuff from us and our 24 hour video
because we filmed a really awesome 20
car video in December and unfortunately
I went through the footage for that
tonight and I realized that quite a bit
of our 24 hour footage is gone so it
really would be a good video without all
the stuff because there's quite a bit
missing there's like at least 50
different clips or more that are missing
so I'm I just kind of just beside myself
honestly I'm hardly able to function
today I've been thinking about it I'm
stressing out about it just you know
thinking about all the pictures of the
twins from their birthday everything is
gone
anyway it's been an interesting day
maybe not in the best way today just
because first the TV and now the
computer issue I'm hoping that I will
even be able to upload this video to
YouTube because my cellphone charger
also is malfunctioning but the good news
is everybody's happy everybody's healthy
cause in her little position queen of
the house right there Michael getting
into stuff it has just not been a good
electronic day for family fun pack but
it's been a good day for Michael anyway
there's Barbara from shark tank and this
definitely shows how I feel today that's
going to be the thumbnail of our video
it's just too perfect
