okay it's kind of right we are getting
ready to go inside Costco and the twins
usually get to ride in the double seat
thank you David up front and we just got
the buggy bench and we are so excited to
use it so this is gonna be where
Michaels gonna sit now Michael look at
your new seat
don't try it let's get your little foot
in here we go there we go let's put your
seatbelt on seatbelt mine's a strap
right on it
wicked damn right that looks fun you
guys haha he's got a good seat doesn't
he okay let's try pushing let's see how
he likes it let's say thank you for that
nice bike even John Michael that's
pretty awesome it's pretty easy to
install you just
you just pinch them down right here
they're really easy to work so I like it
it's really really pretty color nice
dirty fabric it's a great product so now
we know for kids in our car and we've
been stopped a handful of times already
because nobody has seen this awesome
buggy bitch they all want to know what
it is yeah that's pretty cool thanks I
think everyone keeps mentioning it it's
a cool seat and now he's got a seat belt
on even though he doesn't usually climb
out of seat just to be extra safe cause
he can trying to stand up for the Peter
touching the ground there Michael is
definitely having fun in this day we are
definitely gonna keep on using this
aren't we yes we are it's a fun seat
isn't it
the awesome buggy bitch yummy okay let's
unbuckle em and get her out so we're
just gonna I'll put that my seat here we
go
okay are you ready to get out okay so
you pick me up daddy this is little big
shoes out there we go I'm the other one
and then undo it you're just gonna do
that pull that through that one
there's nothing up right there
and an are no good job and then do that
and then it just kind of folds in on
itself nice and flat so easy to
transport fits right in the back of the
car
