you guys excited okay we're gonna go get
what we want in the store you like old
animals
oh my guess that lucu we're gonna have
to pick us up - animal carefully oh if I
didn't get that feedback can I use this
kitty yeah you'd have enough money for
that if you don't get the peacock okay
I'll get this he's cute mm-hmm
you still like your lion yeah I'm for
sure getting him okay Michael found a
cat that he likes is your cat Michael
take out I know you came here to get
this more like this yeah lines are like
it I think Michael definitely found what
he likes
ooh that's pretty Oh what flash little
cute ke what you guys left stuffed
animals
oh good it's cute yeah - yep
do you think you like Chris not on this
aisle we only round one boy I look at
will go to the boil
yeah girl oh you do we give Harvey
Michael still likes his kitty oh yeah
Alissa wants to get that would you like
this
who else did you find Michael stole his
guitar
not a good ball yeah I'm gonna get a
ball you wanna get a basketball when
you're adult you can play basketball
like it did yeah are you trying to ride
okay
Michael still likes this guitar well you
see some you like what do you see
we might get that one skin and see how
much it is kay okay okay what oh these
ones that go on water you like those
ones that one okay hold on to it sit
down hmm
well that's cool you really love that is
that what you're gonna get and you're
getting this right to keep your cars in
member it holds the car okay see you put
cars in there Zac picked it up oh
nothing really scary monster oh I don't
think Michael likes it
you're tired what'd you find oh cool
would you find David here's like all
these dinosaurs and animals ah you like
that one to play what are you gonna play
with that big spider Charlotte's Web oh
yeah pieces we here we are on the other
favorite section all of the real looking
animals oh that one's beautiful
can you see how much it is you know
let's assume I said it okay okay are you
guys about ready to go we decided what
we're getting yeah you ready
thank you you got that all these and
you're beautiful yeah Oh Michael he does
Michael got his kitty yeah my and his
guitar that he still really likes here
don't I ride my unicorn my Zoomers Evie
yeah my little box in my cab cute oh you
guys happy you guys got a bike on yeah
what do you guys say yes that's nice
Michael see thank you here we go that
was something
