because the kids Wow Oh what is it Chris
birthday card as I die cough
chris is opening a birthday card from
daizy it says these five guys came from
my farm
that's my stuff and stop by stop to
share their great big smiles and say
your wish the supersaurus day happy 5th
birthday to Zach and Chris what do you
say to Daisy
thank you that's a nice card you want to
hold it okay now Zach no for the rest of
his he started up and get it all before
her oh I think Michael wants to hold
that card you wanna let him help hold it
let me look
oh that's really cute it's sparkly let's
see the front of it says it's Christmas
and this one says make it fun make it
merry make it bright just like you do
uh-huh from Daisy that's so nice
Michael do you wanna hold this one for
my neck oh okay
alyssa is gonna open something from Lior
you guys remember where she's from
oh they're from Israel remember oh yeah
yeah oh look you guys thank you very
color okay what else is in there we have
another huh
cute pass that on to someone we have
another dog wake up dear Chris you like
it I think there's a letter we're gonna
read yeah there's the letter guys will
see how the Fosters
Oh cute hole punchers love for each of
you guys oh did she beep you guys
another picture look at the pictures
Hello Kitty cute where's David let me
see Oh
David love
Wow she's a good shot Mickey knees look
at that Chris Ludacris do you like those
Michaels
Shambu I think she knows you guys like
sea animals yeah
Michael Lovelace talking to it what is
it Sheamus won okay look what it says
how to use the trap punch put on a paper
for the paper between it in the space
and smash it down and you make a hole
punch with it so with the little holes
you can make you can make something okay
now this is the important thing the tops
she caught you are actually called
dreidels okay this is you hold the top
part of the dreidels and connect it to
the dreidel then twist the top part then
push the button and watch it spin around
oh cool okay and then look at just look
at this you guys she wrote a really
colorful letter to you guys who liked it
mommy does mommy loves colors okay so
hello family fun plaque it's Leora again
from Israel do you remember me in this
week I celebrate Hanukkah and Hanukkah
we like eight candles for the victory of
the Maccabees I was thinking to maybe
teach you some words dreidels is Sabbath
was that savvy bro I think that's how
you say it's not Viva who can say that
okay
um in Hanukkah we eat doughnuts so in
Hebrew it's so kawaii no so Scott I
think Chinese a oh so gosh up try it
so guy he oat self got he'll good and
Hanukkah we also light up candles in the
menorah which is called in Hebrew
han okay uh-huh no I think it's fun okay
say it once a hon okay yeah okay um
don't stop being cute a lot of love
lovely or look daddy's gonna show how to
do let's do it on here let's do it on
what paper can be used let's do the
envelope daddy's gonna show you guys how
to do these little hole punches I wish
it right here so you put it like this
you guys see guys watching then you're
gonna press it look give me a little
girl look a little bit yeah
okay dave is gonna open the last thing
it is from Spacey who always leaves
Michael on our Facebook page
wow you excited honey this is it even
one from Michael Michael do you like it
yeah for Mama
thank you what do you guys say to
everybody go back the starter train
again
yeah daddy will do it again is so
spinning those are cool
okay go David you're good at that
Oh Michael really wants it okay Chris
and Zack did you guys ears hey come over
here
all right there's fine Mike Mike what
you guys say the New York
