okay we're starting our cookies you guys
excited to do it's no longer cool
classic cute are we gonna make cookies
with it yeah yeah
good job good job
oh here we go
I forgot to say we're doing it in the
full bowl okay okay here you going one
day one okay okay
why called you wanna do one what do you
want to eat it let's dump it in good job
oh then bring the salt when I'll stir it
Michael here
ready no good job Michael
David we don't want to eat that it
wouldn't taste good
Oh
you this rose good okay well it tastes
like right instead yeah oh good I pop
sauce yeah better than pop oh good but
when the brakes
John Chris John belissa - uh-oh
okay well push it down nice hard good
Meredith there's the present okay let's
do your tree let's put it right here
good job push it down and pull it
straight up okay pull let's try it out
now
there you go here it is hey go straight
down good that's enough
now get straight up
good now watch what we do we're going to
take all the extra pieces are out put it
back in the wall
okay then we're going to take these very
carefully and put them on the train help
you ties it perfect
yeah perfect looks good huh okay we're
gonna put him in from six to eight
minutes they're really excited Zach okay
you guys ready to decorate yeah okay you
guys can start - numbers for Santa oh
that's for Santa yeah
did that used to be a Mickey Mouse show
me relevant Mickey look like this and
then oh I like this now that's a great
noise first you got to decorate it good
job Chris
ELISA I can't regulate is a little bit
extra Wow Zach are you making a
Christmas tree it's a lot of frosting
isn't it David let me see your tree that
is very good look at yours
good job Zach oh you know what it looks
thick you're pouring your sprinkles on
your knife I think you forgot to move
the knife let's go Danny help you here
oh gosh have a little cookie with your
frosting good buddy okay daddy's gonna
help you okay
hi David oops blue ones good sprinkles
let's use the spoon for it game I need
you know we should do we should put
something on Santa's plate gonna be
super Nintendos I make my Christmas look
here's the first thing for Santa it's
one for Santa piece of bread is out for
Santa can't put it honestly
mmm he's gonna like those this one to me
almost roses in blue are you making a
cute McGee yep it's for Santa
oh he's gonna like the fun that looks
like Christmas still adding with his
train the end of that yummy cookie bake
this off let me help you up and then
there's David's I'm gonna come you don't
wanna get wanna get eaten Santa's nice
job let's pick out one for Michael to
give to Santa hey listen maybe you could
give that one to Santa for Michael um
maybe your pretty tree oh yeah when
you're done with it or you done with it
now I'm not anything but unique od1
still not the what no Julie once tell
Chuck go away from last color yes come
okay so this is so deck boss oh okay
what are you doing your snowman now what
do you wanna get that one - Santa -
where's that one for you forgive that
ones whose gentle ELISA for Michael now
here one second second okay I think this
place looks pretty good house make it
101 plain one maybe that one could be
from Rudolph okay okay
