this is my new dress from my Papa made
it my dresser is this big after use this
chair to grab my socks these are my
favorite socks without orange stripes on
them and their second favorites that are
kind of know but I never opened up or
the holy ones but you can still really
reach it my mommy designed the dresser
and then my Papa added something extra
special
what is it my special compartment I keep
all my Oh
it's a pretty cool dresser huh that's my
soccer shirts my aunty designed these
drawer pools and then my papa painted on
my favorite color and then he also
didn't my handles would start you can
fill this one and he made my name
d-a-v-i-d I keep my top of my dresser
really clean and there's no special
badge
it's a please back here's one last look
at my awesome dresser Thank You papa
some good-looking dresser huh
