are you doing nothing with my dude
animals
yeah want to show them to me yeah okay
these are the dinosaurs you haven't set
up so nicely thanks
these are the sea animals hmm
I like the turtles turtles are really
cute here's the docks and the wolves
over there
here's a safari animals whatever my gosh
what I got - oh you did get that for her
there's the pretty birds and what's next
the forest animals for the forest
animals they're cute and what and also
the horse is my favorite mm-hmm and our
law says take a look at all these verses
do some in the barn - let's take a look
at the barn okay so first we have the
rooster up here this Lord is adorable oh
yeah and I got it from Santa - mm-hmm
you have a mommy the baby in there yeah
we have a little water bowl and a little
haystack cute okay let's look inside the
box on the lid opens up
so I have me and you
oh it's mommy and ELISA here's mommy
let's see you ELISA okay let's see we
have in here your cute little kitties we
have the sheep and the bunny and there's
a baby cow a goat and a donkey in it is
a calendar Pig right there when I open
the front doors let's say there's open
yeah won't you show how you can change
the gates around inside there okay you
can go like this and you can like this
and this can go somewhere you can make
different sheet yeah places for them to
be corralled in that's yeah I think I
want to give you of those boxes back
there
let's see so back there there's some
cute little boxes I like that bunny the
bunny is really cute yeah
oh what's on the back um the back oh
here
no it's not it's a little thing all
right a very cute now louder - yeah they
can get on top of the cars you have this
set up so cute this looks very fun to be
playing together now mm-hmm it's cute
