go sit down sit down good boy okay what
are we doing
who's it from okay Michael that's for
you okay sit down where did your shirt
well sit down so I can throw out fields
she did a good job up and see what it
says hold it up in front of you day hump
Maggie hold hold use up press press
let's see your shirt buddy oh cool a
dress shirt it says dude okay let's put
them on so we can show okay what do you
guys say thank you and Merry Christmas
here's my call trying to run away
hi you guys I hear the Christmas card
she wrote toys okay it's right here and
it says with best wishes for Christmas
and the New Year have a very Merry
Christmas and best wishes for 2015 have
a fabulous Christmas Day love from Les
Jen and Chloe and lesson Jen are her
parents
PC Merry Christmas what oh he doesn't
want the tag on his shirt
can you help him is the tag still on I
didn't take your tag off find all do you
guys like these nice shirt okay let's
say bye my Chloe I take back tada
that was Michael thing bye bye - we say
it again Michael bye bye bye bye bye my
baby hey buddy
shirt rubbing nobody's gonna be wearing
it that it's from England nobody will
know that so makes it a cool shirt huh
hmm you're the only one that has it huh
oh I get him been wearing it it will be
the only ones wearing it yeah I love
this shirt Chloe thank you
