nice let's sit down read it looks like
there isn't one for everyone no that's
horrible
oh there is one for everyone was there a
note or there wasn't yeah
oh there's a note hey who's that which
ones which
Jinzo that's tuna let me open it I want
to read it I mean yeah listen listen to
what they said to you guys says are you
listening
hello kids we're back we have been
quietly watching from different places
in your house all months but you have
not seen us seen us um
now now because this is closer it's time
for us to be seated so I can give you a
few things
Santos out with us so we can watch even
more closely to be sure you're being the
best you can be
remember to good children also remember
the wrong do not touch us or we will not
lose or we will lose our special North
Pole magic that lets us send our
messages to center when we want to tell
them if you are being good in the
meantime use these special snowflakes
from Santa to begin decorating your yard
Santa sends his love
love Holly Molly and tinsel oh that
sounds fun
yeah we'll put him where he goes then
we'll see where he goes to my guys
makeup okay yeah well put him down then
we'll see where Santa moves them in the
night
should we put those special snowflakes
in the front yard like they'd want us to
okay okay let's go put him in the front
yard real fast hurry up hurry up we
don't have their shoes why don't you
just stick them right here in our
flowerpots that's a good spot especially
cuz it's kind of windy good listen you
wanna listen are you gonna go put yours
out yeah those are pretty snowflakes
aren't they they're so sparkly that's a
good spot right there I thought that was
a good spot yeah that's a good spot for
both mom okay you better hurry in
because we've got to have dinner there
you guys farm sure yeah we gotta go fast
it's pretty damn hard to get a table
Santa's really fast isn't he okay good
that was fun huh can you believe they
came already yes I know show me um this
is Holly
this is Molly and a stencil yep
