check out all the cool stuff we have for
sale on our new website can you guys
guess what this week Michael just opened
his new channel it's called Michael's
magical Playhouse go check it out and
subscribe it's really cute hey everybody
how's it going it's mommy Monday and
today we're decorating our house for
Christmas first we're just cleaning up
our house a little bit and we're fixing
a couple things so we can set everything
up yeah kids are really excited about
this Alyssa's already started that great
over here I hear you doing that
alright we just finished fixing the
wheel that should come off of our
Ottoman now it looks like it's gonna be
good
isn't it nice it's so sparkly
I like your hat Hey
look at that cute baby and daddy did you
have a good nap yes I think he's ready
for some playtime
everybody's trying on hat and you're
like so cute in that double hat for Zach
huh and now we all know I'd like to be a
triplet you're gonna look cute matching
because the tree Michael really likes
that tree yeah it could be a candle but
if he made it a candle I wouldn't say
it's pretty so we're not gonna actually
light it so this year we decided we're
gonna throw you right there in the past
we had an indifferent room when we
thought well it would look nice in here
right guys we don't really have the best
house for a Christmas tree Thank You
Louie hard I don't know I just can't
look you got worried about our tree so
we'll try it here this y'all probably
think gets in the way but at least it's
like by where we hang out
is that your favorite decoration there
so pretty huh all sparkly
well maybe no Christmas tree in those
lights on its own video my house yeah so
we're having some issues with our tree
we can't get the lights on it looks like
we don't have lights on here now either
now that I'm looking at it so we could
be making the worst purchase ever which
is buying a tree when everyone's buying
trees because it's not the most
expensive but we might not have a choice
well everyone's getting bored that's
over there
as you can see still trying to fix a
Christmas tree these guys oh look at
that oh wow
oh my gosh everyone's got like I've had
you know one syllable word got it I was
just gonna say so we're gonna go out to
eat which we probably still are because
it's been a while but hey at least we're
not buying a new Christmas tree that is
good so we're getting ready to go and
I'm gonna give all this stuff to Matt
because we're gonna go donate some
blankets and socks on our way to dinner
good bundles have that is good
how do you know it's gonna be good
you've got yummy healthy fruit
yeah we just got home from dinner and
now we're gonna put the ornaments on our
tree I think we thought a vacation in
Florida
is that cool kit little guitar like that
one that's a sand dollar from the ocean
that one's cute too huh this is my
favorite box of ornaments you guys who
remembers making these hi guys remember
yes I made these at Dollywood I think
this is mine
so pretty here's one of my favorite
ornaments right there this one's super
cute because it's from Zach and that's
his finger prints right there good job
he's on a little step stool I'm here put
my favorite let me and Papa made
together at the very top my favorite
yep he made that pretty pretty Stark uh
mommy for Christmas
does that one tricky to do this ornament
is outdated now this was supposed to
represent my five kids
Oh six Alyssa David that Chris Michael
oh and Michael still holding his
favorite little tree look how pretty
this one is good job
you like it
you like oh the good is always next year
our tree will not be safe huh
this is the only year we can trust you
not to ruin it I have to put the
ornaments about this high and higher yep
next year we'll be a tree with top-heavy
ornaments can you reach the star ELISA
we might have to have daddy we'll see
Hey there we go Zack Michael and Chris
are doing the tree skirt for doing
stockings everybody hang him on the
North Pole it's cute you like our Disney
stockings on our North Pole that my dad
made and by the way all of the wooden
ornaments such as that one right there
my dad made yep and that one too what is
nothing yeah
good job
cute Mickey Mouse talking that's what
they are
oh don't be sad
Owen has to be in his little portable
crib because oh I know cuz he rolls
around everywhere he's starting to get
into stuff huh look at him he can kinda
sit up
he loses his balance and he has to hold
himself up with little hands but he's
kind of doing it he likes that
did you topple over he's like up later
he is trying to crawl that is not okay
he keeps looking back hey what are you
doing
keeps getting his knees under there I
see you trying to put your knees under
they're six months old can't do that hey
he's trying to sit up from lying down I
know I'm supposed to be excited but I'm
not he's supposed to be a baby just be a
baby oh there we go on your back yep be
a little baby he-hey mommy says oh it
needs to follow the milestones exactly
he can learn to sit up sometime around
six months which is now and he can't
crawl til nine months and he can't walk
till at least twelve months I don't
think you're gonna follow those rules
are you
a $300 doughnut oh I hope that's a good
one it's only $1 well you should have
gone with let's ice cream Chris that's a
way better deal than a $300 don't I
better watch out Chris look at Owen he's
like I'm about to get over there and get
that money
oh he's grabbing line I see you are you
a yeah yes guys good feeling for a
little ride so my kids are like obsessed
with these cute little shops they build
themselves places to sell stock or sell
food and they have decorated the house
even more then when we recently did a
skit they just love doing this kind of
stuff they love making up these little
shops for yours
they could tour your building for once
looks like it's a Christmas
team-building in here oh my gosh this is
so chill Alyssa what will you do
it's so cutely decorated in there then
you have a second shop over here Wow
games balls both you're selling a
Nintendo and a baby can i buy that baby
yes he's so cute
you cute little baby boy he was missing
two time you see I'm too expensive for
anybody
he's only mommy's babe he's like I love
daddy time to answer questions the first
one comes from Zoey who wants to know
whose birthday is next in the family yes
Zack and Kris in like two weeks
yay Katie wants to know who your
favorite Star Wars character is okay
anybody else Debbie wants to know your
favorite episode of kid-sized cooking
Michael do you have one
I like that rainbow foods a lot and
broccoli cheddar soup because it's like
the best recipe ever and I forgot
something apple pie bombs
oh oh oh fudge yeah we have a lot now
that we're thinking about it we're like
wait there's more there's more
Elly wants to know what you would rather
eat at the movies candy popcorn or fruit
snacks okay
Michael do you like candy popcorn or
fruit snacks it would be popular but
have braces yeah
mari wants to know what your favorite
birthday party is that you have that was
a good one from the zere good nobody
else yeah that was a good one oh the
cars won you know what I liked Michael's
Cozy Coupe want in your balloon one and
the parrot one those are mine ELISA your
tea party we put probably most work into
your tea party yeah that was his
favorite I think you said those aren't
all really good ones bye
congratulations to this week's fans of
the week you found the hidden pineapple
check out all the cool stuff we have for
sale on our new website were you able to
find the hidden pineapple in today's
video if you did be sure to leave a
comment with the hashtag hidden
pineapple so we can choose you for fan
of the week
