we got a big meal package is from wanna
help him open it is it a letter let's
see one gimme this Cadbury ami let's
read the letter this is no no listen
help you open it oh yeah yeah I got it I
got it
oh this is from Lilly you guys she went
as a nice letter it says first I just
want to say how much I love your videos
you are oh so total and sweet children
I'm writing this letter from the UK I
was also wondering if you would like to
be a pen pal do you guys know what a pen
pal is Wow maker is fighting over the
candy come sit down
what do you say to Lily for the candy
yeah you okay she wants to be a penny
now she's in the UK sit down so I could
see you guys she a pen pal is when you
get to write letters back and forth to
people I just told you she lives in the
UK the United Kingdom that's cool she
lives in the same place Clovis oh yeah
mm-hmm
they won't learn anything uh-huh so she
says she lives in the southwest of
England by the sea she lives by the
beach that's cool huh
we're all coughing we're getting over a
cough sorry
gave us all it Oh Chris yeah us about
yeah even mommy so no one lucky come
from no one egg me coffin
I gave Riley Lenny calm oh oh sorry I
accidentally hit the stop button anyway
here's Michael trying to eat the kandy
killer wrapper let me have that
Oh Michael really wants it oh I can let
me help you
we have it ya got oh you can eat trash
here you're gonna eat the kidney love
here let's open one for Michael you want
to try that yeah is that yummy
yeah thank you - Lilly you're gonna come
already you see thank you okay I ain't
hugging really hugging mommy hey Mikey
are you happy - sure Mikey one last bite
he's going folks that sometimes I yeah
hey go there it is Thanks there we go
there it is yeah yummy huh okay I'm kind
of running out I was love so there's
Lilly right there and she's pretty and
you know what's cool you guys she said
she likes to go surfing I know that's
awesome
but she has two cats who likes cats yeah
I sort of like them yeah yeah oh you
guys both like cats look what you have
right now okay her cats names are Molly
and Patrick wasn't human
yeah Hakeem is Michael on the piano
