we're gonna open a package it's for
Halloween yeah Michael wow that was I
got a coloring so handsome Chris
David you a marker on your forehead let
me see this buddy are you sure they're
the crayons yeah no I think you put
these in the bathtub rainwater and they
grow into dinosaur soup that's cool they
grow that's cool
but you again oh I put in sit down you
can't read what it is wait what do they
say on that I see ah what's up in front
of those you tell me that congrats does
not phangan what's on the front what's
on the fun of it Chris who's on the
front of that see what there's cheer no
I got this - yeah
guys look at the paintbrush I'm sorry
first look speech one of these pages all
you have to do is get the little
paintbrush here or a little cotton swab
and you dip it in the color and then you
can paint the picture which has a new
picture is that cool you get a fresh new
towel of paint on every single page you
guys like to paint
yeah not to read um I guess one of the
big well yeah see look look guys he's
gonna do who yours turn into planes and
boats here Michael let's open yours
you've been doing a good job I don't let
him do themself he's really into the
paper what are you opening David quite
through opening it couldn't get him to
start mouthing stop never kill me
anything else he did but I think
somebody else might never know maybe are
those good you guys oh cool fighters hey
what do you guys say to Grandpa grandma
Chris doctors you say thank you
