hi we're Family Fun Pack we like to
travel in style I hope you like both
video of a new car this is our Nissan NV
we trained it in our Honda Odyssey
because believe it or not we could not
fit all seven people in our family in
our 8 passenger Odyssey yes that's a
very strong magnet the holds the door
open this door opens the same exact way
connected to the seat
not the suited nissan says there's 324
our different ways to configure the
seats each row for example has two seats
and one so it could have zero to one or
three seats in this room that's the same
for this row and then the back row has
two seats and two seats and they also
say that you can put these rows
rear-facing at least this row I think
this ban looks way cooler than other
ones out there particularly because of
that wouldn't know it's all one big
window kind of has it look like a limo
the Nissan NV is made on a Titan truck
chassis which is actually pretty nice
they put the engine out in front so it's
easier for the mechanics to work on it
also you don't have that engine heat
like you would have in the Chevy
savannah or on the ford e-series you can
actually drive in comfort here like
you're driving a
minivan our truck there's lots of space
up here there's dirt there this little
thing here that keep stuff from falling
down the abyss between your seats it
actually works really well and then this
is the center thing it scoots forward
like that and then back and it's
actually huge inside I have my person
here I also have my in favor of diapers
this is our DVD player it is not an
option when you purchase the car from
Nissan so we had a third-party vendor
install it it's a 13.3 inch audio box
and a place through the sound system of
the van the key in the door open there
are two separate parts and we have eight
so under five point six later
battery so you get close to stuff you
know and it's a touchscreen
and Arras just can't go fast
yeah this is our car to drive through
we're pretty tall this car pretty
awesome
