hi I'm Melissa and today I want to show
you my little life fit so first we're
gonna start off with the bird so first
we have to turn her on and as soon as
you turn her on she treats and if you if
you want her to sing you just cut her
I named her Valentina I was really
afraid does she have your favorite color
on her yep which is pink and purple my
bird came in a cute cage
and it's up you it even has a food and
water bowl when you press the button on
her belly she tweets and look enough
even those if you hold the button down
she repeats what you say say hi
everybody and now I'm going to introduce
you to my butterfly that I named Crystal
and she can move from flower to flower
when you press this button her wings can
flap and you can pick her up and she
goes in your hand
she's so pretty yeah she has colorful
wings and others are being charged a
butterflied you just put her on the
flower and be careful when you take her
on you don't want to touch her wings
cause they're very fragile and that's
why I don't want my little brother at
home when your butterfly sleeping for a
while this is how you wake it up so
Tommy's gone Peter like such like when
did you burn so which one's your
favorite of all these pets everyone
looks like Alabama oh yeah and I like a
butterfly feathers powerful wings mm-hmm
what's your favorite bird you'd have one
favorite um I like to put in it a puzzle
you're cute
