hi today we're going to show you how to
make some fun Halloween Club crash we're
going to start with the TV apple smiles
so we're gonna put the kid put on your
waffle good job I already Chris looks
will back like pumpkins with pleasures
okay smelling really good oranges are
good aren't they
yeah well kind of make a spiral new he
come
just stick the pretzels on the side of
your doughnut to make the legs go cute
now we're gonna make banana ghost
we're using chocolate into the mouth and
eyes okay the next thing we're gonna
make is corn on the cob using candy corn
how's it going buddy
good I finished my NOLA and kick my arm
the head doll for me oh you ain't over
the edge like me - you guys having fun
yeah the next thing we're gonna make is
band-aids with blood on them yeah this
is the frosting you're going to use it
to be the middle of your band-aid then
we're gonna use some red jelly oh
there's the blood you you want to try it
yeah okay
me making a ghost egg yeah nice job let
me see how it's going on buddy
nice job okay come on frosty to me maybe
I'll steal your ghost I eat your ghost
why I can cause it's fun yeah good
ninety-two Allah nice this was your
favorite thing that we made oh oh the
teeth thumb pumpkin in this spider yeah
and Chris what did you like yeah good
yeah which one was oh my gosh yeah you
got a lot which one was the easiest to
make you just Jim yeah which one was the
hardest
the hardest one what actually I just
kind of the corner become yeah corner
clump was really tricky wasn't it okay
that's a big bite there we should play
chubby bunny soon
David okay I wanna say goodbye
