today I'm gonna introduce you to my
digiverse - Bella this is blue this is
Roomba - and this is Rosie I really
really wanted a real bird and so this is
one of the coolest toys I've ever owned
few words coming cute packages if you
get one in the set it looks like this or
if you get one all alone it looks like
this for this part I'm going to show you
how to attach the swing right
make sure this groove is in the center
otherwise your birds won't hang on level
this is how we with the barton we just
slide the feet over the little circles
you could attach the bird cages to each
other like this I'm going to turn the
birds on to climb out and that's when
they all sing together
singing together telling about the
whistle
so whenever they're quiet after they
trip you blow the whistle and they start
singing together I'm gonna put this bird
on solo mode you can slip it on the
whistles like to talk to my Birds on the
teeter-totter it's really easy snap it
in
thank you good some little extra set of
batteries so you can play them as long
as you want
