today we're fishing look having a little
lights on that's cute I'll show you how
to do this I like these better than
little fishies I think they're better
because they don't look so crazy fast
no arsenic goes a Wolverton like that
you trying to catch a fish you got it
pull it up
recently did two little fishies toy
reviews which is this toy right here and
after comparing both of those to this I
would say that this is definitely a win
for hex bugs this is a really awesome
toy for a couple reasons first of all
there's virtually no setup I mean you
literally take these out of the box and
stick them in so it's super fast super
easy there's no waiting for your kids to
have to wait for you to do things for
them the batteries are already in the
little fish they're ready to go and the
little fish turn off after five minutes
so unlike the ones from the little
fishies that have batteries that you
have for your place pretty often because
they only turn off when you turn them
off these ones turn off after five
minutes and they go to sleep which is
great because the batteries last longer
and there's also these cute little
decorations that sink a lot better than
the ones in the little fishies I think
these are made a little better and the
tank you know it's okay it could look a
little cooler but it's definitely it's
fine it's big enough so that you can
play with the fish in there and
everything so and then just to compare I
mean these are obviously bigger for
little fishies and you want to turn on
yeah the little fishy definitely goes
faster but you just twist that to turn
on stick it in and you can see it's
quite a bit different in how the toy
behaves so for my kids I definitely like
the Hexbug Aquabot better than little
fishies just because of the fact that
the batteries are going to be saved by
the toy turning off all by itself done
because a little fishy kind of squirts
water out and just kind of goes really
crazy and erratic and I think the other
ones really really much better yeah
let's tap the tank to wake them up oh
there he goes
something I like about these fish is
that they seem pretty durable if your
child accidentally does something like
that it's really easy to put the fin
back on and the other thing you'll
notice is as soon as you take them out
of the water they turn off but then they
turn right back on when you put them
back in the water is that still pretty
fun ya know even I got a little wet hope
you cut too don't looks like the battery
is dying so we have an update
we've had our aqua BOTS for about 24
hours maybe a little longer than
actually and sadly the batteries are
dead on all of them they apparently
don't have as long a battery life as I
had thought so or Alize I don't for so
anyway I still do think they're really
cute toys I'm just kind of sad that the
battery that lasts as long as we would
hope they would last
