Michael come here please you were just
in here reading and you left a huge mess
if you didn't do it then who did well
you're gonna have to clean up your mess
okay all right
those
okay let's go check your room is this a
joke it doesn't look like you're
cleaning it guys you guys just wanna
mark off your chore chart but we already
cleaned it well it's actually cleaning
it candy canes it actually smells kind
of good in my hotbar whoever doesn't
come in our
you guys we already lead over various
kids from here please
is over this no I had like for breakfast
did you make this month yeah Michael the
doing cereal I didn't do it stop the
time doing one of you guys everyone's
saying it's not that wouldn't happen to
me someone said trashing your house and
not admitting it today so it was none of
you yeah well um I guess since we don't
know who did you can all just clean it
up together and let's try not to anymore
vices if you make a mess just you know
pick it up okay okay all right
that stops making circle that's it let
her eat I'm tired of cleaning everybody
else
mess it up hey somebody that's the zero
on the floor
mommy somebody mess up the toy room guys
why are you keep doing that it was so
clean boys come here please did this big
mess somebody that had a bunch of games
and some toys Michael did you do this
mess no well guys who did this well I
guess if you guys can't be grabbed it
was you're all gonna have to clean up
the mess together pretty soon someone's
gonna start admitting who's making these
messes around the house
oh it's too late good-evening that cure
take me to it let's go Michael wait are
you guys into us oh I know we get set up
with traffic test via a plan okay let's
go what were you able to find the hidden
pineapple in today's video if you did be
sure to leave a comment with the hashtag
hidden pineapple so we can choose you
for fan of the week
