I'll gonna call again okay so we're
putting this together this is what we
have done so far the instructions are a
little bit vague so the parts are
labeled you can see that there's a label
they're all backwards and something to
be mismarked actually it's taken us a
few minutes to actually even get this
part together but I think now we're on
the right track how we're looking for
part G and we finally figured out that
this is part G but it's actually marked
with a bar you can see it the backwards
are just push this and they'll snap the
place good job now you can put the
master next kill it up
we're going to put them in Oh hit the
big so we decided that this is a super
cute fish tank and we wanted to keep the
tank but the amount that we'd be
spending in batteries to keep the other
fish going would be a lot so be cheap or
just to get a real fish and feed it so
you guys like the fish yeah I think
they're pretty happy
this is a broken tire chip the cool
parts are bonded really cool part I got
you lost Josie do you like of it
let's go hard shoe push it back in chip
see there's the fish when we decided in
the fish reow reow reow reow reow weeow
weeow no finger by sitting watching
thanks for watching thanks for watching
