doing opening package from new whatever
you - yeah well better nap carefully
carefully oh this one our daddy little
oh it says you guys seem like a real fun
family oh thank you here's in the
package her name is Claire do you like
that I bet that's yours isn't it yeah oh
wow look at that whoa double bracelet
and that's a jewelry look like it's
really close an animal that we this
anything it's kind of like Daddy I know
it looks pretty that is really some
original letter all the side here Oh
Davey has it it says you guys seem like
a really fun family I love all of your
videos and pictures
that's my dears me too just um just from
looking at the pictures of you Michael I
wish I had you as a brother
ELISA I hope you love the three of your
brothers because I do and I know what it
feels like to be the only girl she's the
only girl to Zack and Chris she says
that you guys she says you guys are the
most funny twin brothers are you a funny
to my brother
yeah it looks like Kona wants to join in
yeah she says you seem like a great
older brother David are you good older
brother yeah yeah does that Chris and
Michael all of you guys are great older
siblings too Michael I just put the
bracelets in you guys can choose which
one you want and there's one for you
Michael and the blue one
oh is glue in the dark we got the blue I
got going to dorks like
oh uh well have to see I can't find the
one pretty no my car is actually my
favorite colors really nice nice cool
like that one the glow-in-the-dark watch
your exact look at it oh you wanted to
go in the night would you not that :
who wants to hold the pretty picture you
all want to have it and he wants to have
the letter to keep me don't do it to
Chris yay you can share it will take
your yellow here's the yellow yeah and
listen Zach purple push it green
Michael's little blue I'm yo um whoever
sick oh no no no Family Fun Pack yeah
this is RC keys and looks like the about
the picture huh and it was as red nice
yeah here's your shoes over here Chris
names Michael okay I want to thank you
Claire
Thank You Claire
