so I just took everything out of the
boxes and I'm ready to make my room and
board kit I just need to finish cooking
these pieces out and then I'll be ready
to start I'm ready to start designing
onto the lid which is a design tip I'm
choosing the button why'd you screw it
on and then you put it in the styler
look at that those are first one my
first time it is better that's cute
let's do another one and if you mess up
you could take it off and start over
because it's like play-doh
hi everybody this is my DaVinci that I
worked on last night and you see how it
dried overnight so now I can touch it
without ruining it I'm about to finish
my project but first I want to show you
one more thing
DaVinci is cool because it starts off
like play-doh and it's soft and sticky
and you can mix it up but when you leave
it out overnight it turns more like a
rubbery foam to stick one piece to
another you just use da Vinci like glue
and don't forget the freshers although
vinci is the better you can use it as
glue i finished my first da vinci
project isn't it so cute
Mulla can i decorate one of my pictures
right now
