today we're gonna open our little
fishies fish tank this is better this is
lucky this is um this is 22 sir
so we didn't know if we're supposed to
put this the stickers on the outside of
the tank or on the inside and the
directions didn't tell us so we just put
them on both and we'll see how that
warlock with the water
turns out that we did put this on both
and I guess they're okay in there kind
of cool because the stickers are on the
inside magnetized
where's the shark
so you can see inside here that there is
hair twisted around the propeller and
they see it you can swim with these and
take baths with these but you definitely
should be careful if you have a little
girl with long hair because my
daughter's hair got caught in all of
these toys every single one of them
managed to kind of catch up to her and
grab her while she was swimming with
them I think it's because they slim in a
pretty sporadic manner so it's tricky to
know which way they're gonna go and if
you're not really watching and you have
a couple of these fish with you it's
easier to get your hair tangled up in
them I'll show you the other ones too
