hi hey game night here's how we're going
to play daddy this village doing these
up like hair and two people are gonna
battle against each other so you take
this guy then you move them like this
and you battle until one of you so this
first round is going to be David I'm
doing your team the minion see I'm gonna
name your team the Ninja Turtles to this
team yes in case you're wondering how
this game works
there's sandpaper on here so that's
what's gonna make your robot popular
guys balloon enjoy Christmas
all right here we go that's the battle
begin
okay for this next round the winner gets
to keep playing so that Zach
okay next round the new Alisa vs.
Christmas ninja Zach and you were a cow
you guys were you able to find the
hidden pineapple in today's video if you
did be sure to leave a comment with the
hashtag hidden pineapple so we can
choose you for fan of the week
