this game is called ice cream scoop just
fun say you do this and then wherever
color it lands on you pick one of these
and if it's that cut are you pick it up
and put it in your plate your first
person to get four scoops is the winner
okay okay handy ice cream scoop - is
that exact good to go first this game
okay let's see what color it gets so
pick an ice cream and see if you get
strawberry oh you got chocolate ooh do
you wear the chalk long was what you get
hello he got stubbing chocolate good
spin again
chuckling again did you go by to do it
oh that one's vanilla huh put it back
you guys remember where the vanilla went
right yeah oh good job
hey somebody do you have in your bowl
prison okay let's clean it up oh you did
a good job though it's like Mikey
decided to join our game
