he's really interested in these little
shapes good job baby boy so we bought
this VTech discover and grow tree house
it was pretty easy to put together
although one of these little pieces
right here actually wasn't staying in
place until it just kind of finally got
stuck where it should go it took like a
three or four days for it to actually
stay in place but I got this one to kind
of compare and contrast it with that one
and this this one here the little text
one I think is a really cute boy but I
thought that maybe it'd be better if it
had a few more bells and whistles you
know like the buttons and the sounds and
all that stuff so this one is a similar
point and it's got all these little
buttons that do a bunch of things here
on the front you know a little moving
parts and three so he does like this toy
a lot
he's pretty interested in it and he'd
liked playing with a little balls it's
not quite as sturdy as the other one you
can see that it can definitely you know
move around quite a bit just by wiggling
it and I think if he was bigger he could
probably mess up the little ball catch
area but this one over here the little
tikes also isn't as sturdy when it's in
the open position so this one's really
sturdy as it is going to square this
one's pretty sturdy and the VTech of
course has a little more of the lights
and the sounds and the fun colors and
things to press whereas this one I would
say is more of something that's more of
an active toy where they can climb on
and around it so the only thing that we
really don't like about this toy because
overall it is a pretty cute toy is that
there's that cute little door right
there sitting in front of him and he
just really wants to crawl through that
hole and the hole is way too small he
gets stuck when he searched
it's oh I don't really think that was
the best design I think that would be
way cuter if it was just a little bigger
so they could actually crawl through it
because babies this age like to kind of
go through things and don't necessarily
understand the concept of just looking
through a window and playing peek-a-boo
necessarily so that's the one thing
about that toy that I think would be
better is if that hole was a little
bigger other than that everything's
pretty good these doors are semi sturdy
you can see how they can kind of be
pushed in a little further than I should
but the door makes a little sound when
you open that one it's got these cute
little flags and everything and it's got
a little ball section over here with
Nick your marble balls there's this
little red trapdoor and when you open it
all the balls will continue to Pookie
he likes it too because you can kind of
walk in the middle of it you can't quit
vodka hi hello oh you can't go through
the hall I know you want to I know he
says I know I know I know I know come
this way up you kind of made it through
oh look at you so I'm gonna do it anyway
huh there's a little song for that tune
help
