buddy do you want to help pull it out
with Daddy this is our Little Tikes
activity garden
Oh looks like somebody's pants fell down
you walked right out of his pants it's
more comfortable we don't
look at this let's show what court this
makes see that's a second inversion
chord mommy the only thing this toy is
missing is maybe a couple more lights
and sounds would be kind of fun on it
and the other thing I found is when our
baby stands up he'll be able to actually
put his arm in here and when I'm got
stuck in this because he's just the
right height study can't get out once it
gets out you're just full of hearts
today so now I'm going to show how to
make this toy go into the open-sided
setup instead of closed how we have it
it's actually really easy which I love
you just grab these little purple knobs
right here and twist them like a little
squirrel so here's the open set up it
does give a little unstarted ways like
that in an open position
it only attaches with one screw here so
this kind of wobbles a little bit so on
second thought I kind of like the
clothes better but let's show this
little green toy here this is kind of
cool
it does come out so it's got double
sided play and the baby can just play
with it what I do admit it's not really
the most exciting toy see how he's
pushing on it doesn't look very dirty
you can also see how his arm can get
stuck because he's just the right height
here where when he puts his arm down to
reach for the ball after on the hill we
can get stuck in there what do you wanna
do I think my favorite feature of this
is a little group at the top for him to
grab on to so all in all it's a good toy
I don't know if it's necessarily worth
100 bucks though but looks like he likes
it better clothes like a little
Playhouse too
and it's more sturdy that way anyway
guys like that toy toy yeah you guys can
play in there too huh
