in this game on your turn you have to
pick two different eggs and um and you
look under them and it's there's a match
you put it together and you keep it Oh
remember you you're gonna go first
picked away no not a match your turn
remember you can't looking yeah take
another one pick another one
no your turn yeah so what was that that
was the cow and the sheep yeah okay
David your turn what were they the job
in the cheek oh that one's empty so
let's put that one away that one in the
corner is empty yeah just wouldn't smell
it okay okay Chris your turn okay he's
got the pig mm-hmm and then brown ones
that a dog yeah God cares like your turn
looks like a beef the yellow chick and
the dog yeah
oh I think we saw the pig somewhere else
leave it there leave it there someone
else has to get it thank you everyone
he already picked - okay Chris go cover
back up I forgot to get another cover it
back up
Oh whose match next person it's okay he
part is a good
oh okay buddy your turn and this tricky
huh help match okay can up your matches
and let's put him back I got great okay
