who'd kiss your new car okay so right
now is how it's supposed to be when the
baby is using it as he's using it right
now
however we definitely did find when we
tried rolling him around that his heels
definitely hit on the back and he got
hurt so there's another position you can
put it in which is right under the
baby's feet and that's where he can step
on it and play on it and that's pretty
safe but it's kind of meant for babies
who maybe aren't trying to push around
and walk as much there's lights and
sounds in there and then there's the
other sound
and then there's a third position for
that bar underneath which is all the way
to the front position and I think that's
actually the best position for this toy
to be used in because his heels don't
get hurt in the back he's doing the
steering wheel it's cute and we did move
the bar to the front like I said earlier
however we realized that it still does
hurt his feet down there that's still
not quite enough room for his feet
to be able to play and walk so if you
remove the front of the car it reveals a
simple tray underneath so this is the
car in full Walker position for when
your baby is actually able to walk along
with something so how you get to that is
by putting the seat inside and it just
loosen up your seat back in but you just
push the seat in you pull it out and
then you shove it under so it's a little
tricky to do it but it works so overall
I would say this is probably not a toy I
would actually want to buy in the future
because he's been in it for about 30
minutes and he's hurt his feet multiple
times
underneath the toy and he doesn't really
seem to like it because he keeps getting
hurt but it is really cute
