I'm going to take a quick video to
answer a question that i google-searched
and really couldn't find a good answer
to and it is how to disassemble this toy
or not so this is the cutest toy that we
got for the baby and I taken most of the
pieces apart of it already as far as all
these little things coming out but
basically I called to see if I could get
this toy to come apart to save it and
store it and you can take this part off
those come on easily and then this comes
off pretty easily just got to find out
which way it goes and push it through
the hole so this comes apart you can
fold up your play mat etc the problem
with it is that this doesn't change at
all you can flip this by pushing on the
buttons make it flat or keep it upright
but other than that if you want to save
it you've got to have a pretty big
storage area to keep it in I call it
fisher-price and I was trying to figure
out if there's any possible way to get
this to come out but they told me on the
phone that it's a one-time assembly so
basically once you put this toy together
you're stuck with it in this size I
think that this is a huge mistake on
fisher-price apart because when this toy
came out of the package this green part
was attached to the piano keys and this
leg was separate and it just seems like
a logical way to make this toilet bin to
make this where you push these buttons
and maybe legs pop off so you're pushing
this in rather than the other way around
because it's a tribute cute little piano
for the baby to continue to play with
but unfortunately I'm going to actually
have to probably sell my baby toy on the
use market just because I don't want to
store huge toy so anyway if you're
trying to take yours apart and you
probably won't be able to do so and
hopefully fisher-price might listen to
the feedback since I think I'm not the
only one that wishes this toy would be
able to be put in a few smaller pieces
instead
one big huge piece
