look at you look at you it's a fun toy
you trying to stand out look at you
this is our coolest toy ever because
it's a music toy I think he likes this
one I had to look hard to find this toy
I wanted it really bad and they only had
it in the girl colors and obviously we
needed it in the more neutral or boy
colors so I found this one I think it
will Mart actually because Amazon only
had it in the girl colors but he loves
it it's got a lot of stuff and he can
spin all around he can walk back and
forth so
the Black Keys don't make a sound never
sit in but they don't but I think he's
don't really likes it he knows it only
different I guess
hey you're just happy no matter what
aren't you
let's look you this way and what's nice
about this is it seems that they've
created it so that you can't get shot
your fingers can't really get pinched
here I was concerned about the baby
getting this fingers pinched but it
doesn't really seem like it's a
possibility it can really get pinched
and if you want to take this seat off
there's a little clip on the opposite
side but right under here actually come
this side you um you just pincher that
and it allows you to pull this sheet
directly off so that's kind you can
clean it and the other thing I really
liked about the sheet was underneath
there's little snap clip things that you
can use to make the seat shorter so I
have them on the lowest setting because
he's got short legs but as they grow you
can let them sit up higher and then that
feet won't be crammed down below and
that's like a feature in my opinion here
we've been gonna walk in back and forth
right now
like that's why you can do it again yeah
you're doing a good job hey you
hi yeah I'm fine
you want to eat that toy don't you
you
