thank you can you help me make this
fader looks good what did you say about
that come now it was mine and bring it
to help them all make a mole because I
can't do with my hand I gotta do this to
make look good cuz who you whose
well-hung are you going to make though
I'm gonna use a big big big bladder to
clear up this I'm you're right
no more mm-hmm so you're gonna have a
mohawk store cool what I'm going to find
stuff or stings because when I was up
for nap like soccer the force things to
make their hair org so I'm going to get
that stuff and whatever color like what
I can put it on the hair Oh like your
hairspray oh yeah I just do this it make
it cool is that your best mohawk yep but
we can't do it and let your hair dry or
all of it will come off like when I play
soccer
mm-hmm because it's kind of grass just
like gel spread Oh
you're really doing your hair a lot of
times who touched it Oh whenever I go in
there to get away I'm daddy actually
bumped it
okay let's see nice
okay that's an interesting hairstyle let
me see it again
amici everybody man
no hot they're getting Walden but you
don't go out in the most romantic and
and he goes yeah but he went right she
might want me to make him or her she can
say well that's so close you can make
pick one and then I'll make dotted line
and I'm in a line to where my stores
gonna go where no other stores there oh
and I wonder how I can build it I think
I can call the tractors and they can
build it for me what's good here then we
know I'm done with it I'm gonna make
would be perfect there then they gotta
build a mount this blind so they don't
go in the wrong door to make the fire
alarm go on sometimes it's going to do
that so I'm going to make a line and
then it can say no going this way so
nobody goes to make the fire alarm the
water
the only bad guys will there just means
it'll splash them with it then the cool
super pickle squeeze and brought away
I'm gonna scratch on with your comb yeah
come buddy do your mother you all become
you do your mohawks way mm-hmm oh my
gosh I know yeah I'll do this for as I
can mmm
oh but aren't you gonna be doing
somebody's here to stay there and then
I'm gonna scratch him with the comb
again and again and again until it run
away I think you should just do
everybody sir
