hi today we have two huge surprise boxes
to open it's just out here your Mary
must miss party starts in this box I
think we're gonna take this party inside
because we have some decorating to do
okay let's go
one thing the game we're about to play
is going to be a white elephant gift
exchange game how we're gonna play is
the first person is to pick a gift and
open it then the second person goes and
they can either pick a new gift or you
can steal the person's get your okay
once something's been stolen two times
it's frozen that person gets to keep it
hey Michael do you want to go first okay
pick a gift got a big one let's do the
tag says high-flying fashion okay
still drizzle or pick your own
okay wrap up and put your pedal to the
metal
anyway persecute
oh they're so cute I know it's a cool
people David do you want to steal or
choose anyone okay Alissa do you want to
steal or choose I think I'll choose my
own
knuckle up with this fuzzy buddy steel
Michael for your turn do you want to
steal somebody else's present they
already opened or do you want to open
your own new present see what you like
Oh
how are you going to steal or pick
anyone you go to you're picking a one or
you can steal
you like your own mansion but you're
going to get to keep that one yeah the
little avoidance of steel beam a stealer
miss what aloneness Sun here the temple
no it's Alyssa's official turn since
last night in gone stolen from what are
you gonna do this time steel you're
gonna steal
till I was going thank you keys I do you
want to steal from someone else now
Chris you're next
what's Rich List steal or open hey
there's two laughs you know what okay
this one says get ready to power up
it's a pseudo beard okay this is the
very last one Mac steal or open things
up to do first of all we have stocking
stove it there's something for mommy and
daddy to open we have one
it gives a change I'm gonna give you
guys the option to Train does anyone
know
yeah yeah okay there's our fathers
Oh
chocolate were you able to find the
hidden pineapple in today's video if you
did be sure to leave a comment with the
hashtag hidden pineapple so we can
choose you for fan of the week
