hi today we're going to do a little bit
of boogie woogie so here's middle C
here's base C and here's low C lots of
times people like to do both you're
working down here that's exactly what
we're going to do we're going to do
quarter notes in the left hand notice
the notes are c e g a if you do quarter
notes rather than or something like that
it frees the right hand it makes it a
little easier revise and move your
fingers around in the right hand so
we're just going to stick with quarter
notes for now okay and the right hand
I'm going to kind of use a pentatonic
scale C D E G and a that's a pentatonic
scale is basically the first six notes
of any scale taking out the fourth notes
so no F in this case but to make it
sound a little bit better we're going to
do we're going to use that E flat and
then we're still going to use the G and
the a so we're going to sound like this
in rhythm
something like that okay or I may go so
if you want to have a trickier riff like
a riff alternating with another riff you
could do that instead of that this is
kind of a way to use kind of a filler or
space or so if you're doing a two bar
phrase you do your movement space
otherwise it's movement movement and to
see that in slow motion it it's D and E
flat C and then AG C you have to do this
part really quick so you can stay in
rhythm okay so we'll put it all together
I usually like to start my left hand a
couple measures before I play to kind of
you
