okay this is our four children riding in
the twin tri mode BALCO stroller we have
our middle child in the front the twins
in the backseat and our oldest and the
very back on the hitchhiker what I
really love about the stroller is you
can unzip your sunshades they go even
further down and everything comes apart
so I'm going to show you how we take the
kids out so let's have the oldest jump
out so they just get out through the
handle and then this right here pop it
up and it detaches you can ran it in
again okay so that right there you can
take off the sunshade we don't always
use the sunshade we actually rarely used
a sunshade just because it seems like
we're usually indoors with the stroller
so we'll go over here and here's how you
want to do the buckles of the seats if
you have to actually push them in in
order to unbuckle it it's like a little
puzzle but it works very very well have
to push down here then push the button
in and then it's pretty easy to fold
oh I forgot this part so this is pretty
easy this just pops right out you can
fold it do the sides and it folds in but
easily in the car and there it goes and
then here's the sunshade it just
attaches and really easily on the top of
that little shall we see right there and
there's the brand it fits really easily
in the back of the car with our other
stroller yours the kids doing things
they shouldn't do
