nice we're alive and we're going to open
these really cool toys it's gonna be
pretty cool yeah so while we're opening
it
you guys can submit questions we're
gonna answer all kinds of questions we
got to get the other kids though they're
outside huh scooter everybody's doing
for just a moment outside today when we
go live we're gonna actually try to have
music we're gonna see how this works
we've never done it before but it could
be cool everybody say hi you guys want
to go inside and open some boxes we got
these boxes and they're so cute
you're like a rainbow yes I said a
rainbow do we like rainbows we love
pretty things right okay so we got these
really pretty boxes I kind of peeked I
couldn't I couldn't hold myself back
ELISA had a little peek with me but not
a full peek right a slight peek where's
Michael uh-oh we better go get Michael
Heather's gonna go get him this light is
awesome okay we won't peek in Heather's
room because she says it's a disaster so
we'll wait for Michael more open we'll
vote on what to open first so let's
answer some questions okay cuz got to
wait for Michael help me sad if we don't
win is Michael gonna start of school who
wants to say that well that's it wait
here comes Michael we probably shouldn't
say a single thing because I think
Michaels gonna want to say it yeah we
won't we'll pretend we didn't say the
answer Michael what are you gonna start
a school wanna come tell me tell me when
you're gonna do school he's distracted
he has stage fright he saw these cool
presents and he's like I don't know okay
well we can tell the answer after all
when's Michael starting school he
already did when yes very recently
Michael just wants to open the present
you guys want to do the rap ones be
snowed Michael somebody wants to know
what's your favorite color teal and
Peach it does change favorite thing
about YouTube does they don't have a
favorite thing about our channel like
what you like about being on YouTube you
like going live does everybody want to
say how old they are I know I can't
believe you guys are gonna be eight so
there's squishies I think the boys need
scissors Heather help us then we'll have
to bring Owen down everyone has to hide
it Owen when will Kristen's act up put
on their channel Chris and Zack have
been uploading right they just did a
video a sloth video is pretty funny it's
cute and they got to bash up in pinatas
it was cool and David tell us about your
first video yep he did an ant farm it's
doing really well yes it was a crazy ant
farm yes there were big huge animals
what you get squidgy things did you like
them those are so big are these like the
biggest squishies I've ever seen does
anyone like the color purple yep I do
too how does it smell
Michael you have another box to open you
get to open a small box like that you
get a big bucks and a small box let's
see wow that's so cool
that's cool what time is it here it's
7:20 or 7 7 10 oh that's cute this smell
good this thanks pretty cool it's like
really really squishy hi Tanya
this is pretty cool huh guys Michael
found his favorite part that's right
olicity over your video Michael made a
huge was this is already a huge mess
yes so I love this everyone's telling us
where they're from I'm just gonna keep
doing this because it feels really neat
they are really cute well let me see the
ones who just opened those are adorable
oh there's my little baby it's cool how
it grows isn't it he's like that feels
neat whoa I'm like almost falling off
this little chair I'm trying to sit on
so okay so anyway guys you can ask us
some questions hey Chris why don't you
like hee hee help you I don't know if
that's really gonna open the box per se
he's just gonna cut a hole in the middle
of the box oh you got three oh my gosh
our favorite sports teams guys tell me
your favorite sports team Dodgers and
angels and Lakers and the Warriors who
like the Warriors what are the teams we
like the Cowboys a little bit we like
love teams
what's David's favorite color blue
owen is six months old he just turned
six months if you guys could pick a
different instrument to play what would
you play cuz you guys already do play
some saxophone guitar yeah how many
siblings does Matt have two um let's see
Oh cute what's your favorite thing to do
in your free time it does look cute
isn't that neat
Alyssa likes to color in her free time
someone's in Boston ooh does anyone play
the clarinet someone wants to know
Alyssa dies and mommy does yes when
Chris is old enough he's gonna play the
credit he really wants to do this
squishy smell good someone wants to do
pretty good
did you guys open any of the little
packages right there cuz I was in those
did we already see okay
it did grow they're heavy too of those
things away like almost a pound they're
really heavy yeah someone's from Detroit
what's your favorite ride in Disneyland
Dumbo Alyssa what was yours
and Michael likes the silver rockets he
knows exactly what his favorites are but
one of our fans plays the cello that's
awesome let's go say hi to oh and he's
in his little favorite toy
look at you you're so cute you're so
happy to see mommy he's had a fun toy
what'd you get oh how cute look I think
David up in a surprise on you guys and
he got this cute little orange
somebody's from Poland well you really
squished it down so if you open a new
one let me know look at Michael he's
spinning having fun this is a big mess
look at this
it's a really big mess yeah who's gonna
be the cleanup person daddy are you
gonna clean up right so cute vicky teel
he's such a cute little baby yes he is
we love this little baby he's so sweet
yeah he's got two little teeth in there
he's so cute he's so cute
we're lucky to have Owen yes he loves
daddy
oh you're opening some more Oh cute let
me see how did my sister get her
nickname that's a good question yeah
once upon a time
that's right
she made the name yeah is it growing
somebody plays the violin
somebody's from Poland Gabi's from
Poland that's cool everybody tell us the
instruments you play really fast we'd
love to hear that
oh I mean who's what I was watching
everybody watching and then my kids you
guys can also say what you play in case
they don't know Alisa in piano in piano
yep this song plays the trombone and
then Michael plays the piano and he's a
really good dancer David what do you
play yep and all the kids seeing and you
know what we've been practicing we just
started a couple days ago we started
practicing our bells yeah the kids all
play the bells and they do a really good
job so I wrote some music out for them
and we're gonna play a bell song Wow
we've got a lot of fans that play
instruments that's pretty cool I guys
Tony um if you don't play an instrument
would you like to play that's a good
question there's a lot of people in
choir oh that's so cute and our kids are
in choir right Alyssa Alyssa and David
are in choir and Zak and Chris are gonna
join choir Alyssa is 11 and then also
what else did I wanted I wanted to know
where everybody's from and if you're
from outside the United States tell me
what time it is cuz that's pretty fun to
hear too so lots of things you can tell
us and then we should tell them
something about Michael Michael what
have we filmed today do you remember
what Mommy and you did why did we do
yeah we filmed our first video for
Michael's channel what are we gonna do
yes he said play with toys so go
subscribe to Michael's channel because
we're gonna photo his video like tonight
if I can edit it fast enough right
that's a good dance whoa from Kentucky
New York the UK New Zealand what is your
favorite pizza toppings pineapple and
cheese is that what about you anything
David someone's in Japan that's cool
Pennsylvania where it's cold you know
what it has been warm here super super
warm in California and then yesterday it
got a little cold and then today it got
warm again so it's been like fairly warm
yeah it was cold boo chicken bacon ranch
that sounds good
is that a comfortable van
what do we have for dinner you know what
we did not actually have dinner yet but
what are we gonna have Alyssa do you
want some french toast we're gonna have
french toast because it's breakfast for
dinner
yes do you like french toast did you get
them all open yellow almost she's got a
couple more um our kids have some
favorite Pokemon I think Michael likes
Hoopa right Michael who boy what Michael
what oh wow
Chris I didn't hear yours though what
was your favorites it's hard to think of
the other ones you see someone uh-oh
what's going on it when I see dad he's
sneaking around who's someone since
Srilanka that's cool
yeah
again Michaels like don't ever stop oh
good open up Oh Joanne he's just staring
at daddy do you have a song for Owen
twinkle twinkle little star
do we like fishing we've never been
fishing and thank you
Asha thank you that was nice those are
little chains for him too wonderful you
think grits oh that's cute
Alyssa can you dance they want to know
if you know how to dance
yep she does do which one um hakuna
matata here really give it that one
good job okay did you want to play Zach
Matt's been playing the sax since like
seventh grade or something sixth grade
maybe
good job you did great
do you have one Zack just a couple
chords okay what do we do with the toys
we unbox we give them away
thanks do you guys wanna play at the
same time which one try over the rainbow
together
David do I do anything on the guitar go
grab it go fast go fast do you want to
go get yours yeah go grab it go as fast
as you can because we're gonna be going
goodbye say goodbye to everyone just a
couple minutes
using the words are not quite tricky to
sing the words Michaels got a nice
costume going on okay show me the side
nice job
our kids obviously spend a lot of time
learning their music and their sports
somebody wants you to play again mad you
everything else you want to play oh
whatever you want
so we'll answer our last couple
questions the twins just started ukulele
a couple months ago ELISA just barely
started the guitar and then David just
was like one month before the twins are
so on his guitar
I don't know if they have a favorite
video game
the little chicky you're doing good
though Chris okay
what are you guys gonna fight your
attitude that's good it's good
what are you gonna play David Alissa
David what do you have are you gonna
howl yet okay
yes it's definitely a little bit of a
mess but that's okay
Michael's future instrument I don't know
but definitely my call thing
where do we live
savage savannah we live in California if
I had a million dollars what would I buy
I would go on a vacation with my family
and all my extended family everybody I'd
take everybody you guys are doing good
are you guys done sure how about the
biota okay do a device to Oh looks like
Zach knows it too are you really excited
okay a Levi's ready go ahead
ELISA some people are saying that you're
pretty
someone's in London can you guys sing
Edelweiss well David plays it okay ready
okay
good job okay well I think we'll say
goodbye
that was fun okay say goodbye to all
these cute toys we got pretty awesome
right
Owens excited oh that's like a super
speed now a super speed - okay bye guys
thanks for watching us
