check out all the cool stuff we have for
sale on our new website guess what guys
we just hit 6 million subscribers videos
gonna come soon today we're celebrating
on his first birthday this time to come
here's the hats for the party guests oh
you look so cute you're ready to party
I'll open your card it says happy
birthday to the world's best dog cutest
little pushy
happy birthday ball
cute rookies see one time oh my gosh
they're adorable only even say happy
birthday is so cute
yeah over here you've got an adorable
cake and we've got doggie cookies and
these are the human cupcakes
we've got dog safe cupcakes one for each
of the party guests so you guys ready to
see my intent
okay everybody pick a dog miss skanky
might be really good more ingredient
recipe do those what do you mean it's
peanut butter some milk flour and some
baking soda awesome all the dogs I come
oh she wants more you're gonna eat their
human grade not a bad message on the
cabinetry all the kids can blow it out
ready
okay Did you touch it with you a little
tune you guys see it right there to our
permanent Kate cutter nanny she cuts
every single cake pretty much every
single time so cool good I love that
looks like it's gonna be so yummy
yeah and looks like a little pepper
looks so good
the boys are decided that they want to
try the dog cookies pretty good what
does it taste like
I can't believe you're eating that a
rainbow cake right now
bulimia creo que youth ain't gonna be
fun
are you enjoying this birthday party
yeah dougie parties are fun huh war no
Alyssa is gonna try the dog biscuit
there she goes well he's kind of lean
yeah do you want to finish that one
luckily the dogs of mine eating after
I'll get papa okay
babbling is not what a great
so exacting critics are about to open
something else that goes along with our
theme for today
plush aren't they so cute you guys why
and shop but I love Turner khursheed
Yogi's I love the Cuckoo's on his tail
doesn't it look just like her tail in
real life she has a fluffy tail just
like that it's so cute
so these dogs you guided you can get one
if you want they're for sale in our
store it's family fun commerce calm you
can get them when they're so cute she
does
thank you for the fan mail you guys love
the clinicians don't you they get so
excited to answer questions every week
even hehehe look at her over there yes
okay first question what's your favorite
fast food place my favorite winkles
Thank You Hanna that was so nice of you
to say that Carrie asks if you could
only take one thing with you on a trip
what would that one thing be oh here's
some of the nice that got the best
answer already huh okay working a car a
car Michael what would you take with you
on a vacation
Taylor wants to know what you guys are
most looking forward to for the holidays
I am giving present evening Christmas I
like when we play our bells that's fun
huh what do you like Michael good
answers congratulations to this week's
fans of the week you've found the hidden
pineapple were you able to find the
hidden pineapple in today's video if you
did be sure to leave a comment with the
hashtag hidden pineapple so we can
choose you for fan of the week
