good morning they aren't going to be
sharing my morning routine with you guys
okay see you later rainbows stay here
until I come back tonight the first
thing I do every morning is take off
this annoying neck gear it's annoying
but don't tell anybody because you can
hardly understand me when I talk when
I'm wearing it I'll put it here for
tonight on my way to brush my teeth I
always make my bed because it's really
easy all I have to do is dip it up and
then I flip the pillow on top next I
brush my teeth and my mouthpiece
well
that's how she does it yep yummy next I
open my shutters if I didn't pick out my
clothes tonight before I'll pick it out
in the morning today I have soccer so I
have my soccer uniform number six for
six kids now what do you guys think of
this Jersey oh no I do not accept it
it's all dark blue camouflage and that's
what my brothers like couldn't I at
least have a pink jersey I surrounded my
blue all day even a soccer the one good
thing about this Jersey is that there's
a little bit of purple mixed in with all
the blue well at least they're so purple
how do you guys like it next I take my
morning shower see you in a minute
Oh God case you didn't know this is the
pineapple towel I've got my uniform on
now I'm getting it at my towel
by the way do you guys like my
decorations up here leave a thumbs up if
you saw bees in a video and bonus points
leave a comment what video it is isn't
this no not poster so cool I got from
the lady that works at Mickey's and they
sticks to my bathroom wall next up I
brush my hair
very
for now I'm going to freak out a
headband when I leave for soccer my hair
is going to be up in a ponytail this is
less cute I love it thank you I love to
check out my baby brother in the morning
Sookie next back to my bathroom to
finish getting ready for the day my lips
are dry better get some lip gloss cook
your feathers it's Mickey and looks like
it's back to each other smells really
good
what so it smell good mommy yeah yeah
I'm putting on some sunblock so I don't
get burnt during my game they can't
forget my neck okay I'm done
we've better hurry any breakfast of
course time to go I'm just gonna quickly
put this in the laundry on my way time
for breakfast do you think you can
possibly find a well I eat breakfast i
watch the most recent upload our family
my motto is breakfast now it's time to
keep on getting ready for soccer now I'm
going to finish getting ready for soccer
I have to take my earrings off and then
I'm gonna put my hair up no earnings for
soccer home yep or watches did my cute
hair about isn't that adorable
all done and ready to go well thanks for
watching my morning we're treating you
guys we're smell like a soccer bye
