you make sounds pretty cool and you can
read the story to write you want some
more how you read it is that a good book
Michael you wanna do some games with
Daddy look what there is the deal
can you show me
my name
you guys find a home letters can you
find all your name F G a PC that's the
music our backs
do you want Johnny to put the pirates on
for you let's you wanna do game okay
you're gonna close your eyes and daddy's
gonna set out all the different books
and you have to pick one and then we're
gonna read it cause rice okay try to
keep your eyes closed and read your hand
down and pick a game you got the puppy
one that's a good choice
I put your book just like that and now
shut the lid and when you open it up
it's like magic
yeah yep its second so you can read it
pretty cool huh the parrot celebrates by
raising its colorful wings always make
sure a grown-up helps you practice fire
safety around a campfire yes I think
Michael's favorite hooks is the robot
book you really likes this one huh well
that page looks fun
good job salmon are born in freshwater
rivers and streets
Oshin the Pacific Ocean is the largest
ocean in the world the blue morpho
butterflies large outer wings are a
brilliant blue so this is pretty fun I
think I like how they show down here
what the books are teaching that's
pretty cool
and thanks to leapfrog for sponsoring us
