hey guys welcome to mommy Monday today
we're taking our kids to a fruit orchard
but right now the kids are playing so
nicely behind me I hardly want to leave
look at that
the kids are sent a bunch of these Magna
flex toys and they're so cool the kids
are just been loving them that looks so
good David
look this cute little owl has to be
added to it look at this cute little
orange box I made and there's a whole
village of boxes over there oh I like
this Woody's pink I like the liquor and
there's a Dodgers one what are you doing
Zac oh oh I can see it you're making him
a crown so you can either follow the
directions and make things or you can
just make things that you imagine like
my pokeball over here that is really
cool I like that are you making up these
names as you go you guys did a good job
there's helicopters do either magnetic
and make it also been pretty cool huh
let's see
so they're kind of rubbery and they can
stick
nice crown I like it they're so easy to
camp I know you know I like the colors
it's the prettiest range of colors you
guys ready to go yeah some of us already
some of us aren't let's shoot you guys
we could stick these in a bag and bring
them in the car do I say hi everybody
say hello
Oh knows that your hand I think you want
to eat your hand don't you well we're on
our way with the case in the car and we
realized that somehow we seem to have
missed apple picking season we were
going to take our kids to pick apples
we've been talking about it was them for
like two weeks
everybody's really excited including
myself and now we can't even do it so
we're going to a wildlife
something-or-other what does it matter
Wildlife Museum they've got the snakes
turtles
it should be cool they'll icecream I
don't know it should be a fun outing
anyway though those are hummingbirds
these hummingbirds out here are so loud
you can hear them flying all around
they're just everywhere they're
somewhere right there it's so fast
there's like ten of them put your thumb
like in your face like that just one
finger they might think it's a little
mouse they might try to go for you
having fun you got a little pink cheeks
it's alarm isn't it
this is very curious they all know
personalities new pie what do you think
Michael wait you like it see I could get
next to your skin because it does
yeah real skin this is Wow it's pretty
rough huh
I imagine bears they feel soft they feel
so rough the way bigger than you
the grasshopper does that's cool see the
petri dishes if you've got a petri dish
you can look at it under your microscope
Chris is getting ready to do some art
feelings which one are you gonna look at
look at that
that's what Alyssa the microscope is
looking at she's zooming in on the
feather what her microscope that's cool
she's gonna look at fur oh wow look at
that they're investigating an owl pellet
look you guys look there's bones and
stuff and you can use this and that's a
magnifier there right by your so you can
look at the bone to see what kind of any
one of this yeah well hello my name's
mr. turtle you're a cute little boy do
you want a hug okay bye-bye
oh are you going where are you going
well
he really was scary you've got a really
whoa really big tongue there sir
pretty cool huh it was a really big
snake wasn't it Wow it's a desert
tortoise cold new disease that scares
him
but you can pet him on his show legs
see his claws those are made for digging
in the sand
he's getting ready to hibernate so if he
was in the wild he'd dig a hole to
hibernate and sleep all winter long
that's really strong and if you go to
the next run you'll see a turtle you
guys see the turtles sweetie are you
enjoying yourself yay
there are on this little porch we can
look out and there's birds and if you
can look for a while you'll realize
there's a lot of words you don't seem at
first then there's just a whole bunch
you wear of the sprinkler
oh yeah we're like totally walking
through cactus trees I know these are
big and pokey you found a giant spider
is there alien spider oh there is a
spider look at that don't touch it
don't you never come out of your body so
there's the spider that's interesting
oh yeah be careful her rattlesnakes
there's something back there oh we could
get lost here whoa I don't think the
cactus challenge would be very good
daddy nomades himself to the cactus
challenge maybe later maybe so well look
here's bees going to this thing here
well this is kind of creepy down here
I'll try to go
yeah Michels day a little bit creepy I
think
trick them they thought the hoses snake
we're gonna have to keep cranking him he
got him with spiders snakes cactuses
Bigfoot
I was enjoying dinner
like those blowing his off intently down
there for them it's time to answer some
questions and the first one comes from
viana and she wants to know do you guys
like cats or dogs Sophia wants to know
what's your favorite candy to get on
Halloween my cousin Kiwi wants to know
what's your favorite skip like that one
- boy I love that one David that was a
really good one - Michael I like all the
skip
oh yeah that's a good one too I loves
good awesome Jaguar says David do you
still want to be a pirate when you grow
up and what does everybody else want to
be when they grow up okay
everyone wants to know if there's gonna
be a part two of the clown video with
the policeman do you guys wanna do part
two I think we're gonna do it
congratulations for this week's fans of
the week you found a hidden pineapple
were you able to find the hidden
pineapple in today's video if you did be
sure to leave a comment with the hashtag
hidden pineapple so we can choose you
for fan of the week
