you're gonna miss your flog waiting for
you to change
Owen can I take the voices down to the
neighbor's house to trick-or-treat early
sure there's no clothes by neighbors
that we know though
early I don't know there's a ton of kids
tickity I know it's scary oh you guys
oh my gosh what is that
glad you guys gather with you did I got
a treat what are you last night about
midnight it was and I heard this
rustling I was a big wrestling and I
grabbed my rope or right here and I
walked out there there was that green
slimy thing that's been tortured my
dog's for years was hid away so I get
over here you guys you want more the
story if you want a treat I guess since
you listen to my story I'll give you one
for you one for you one for you one for
you and one for you
so it is
and that was close
now y'all have any candy I know let's
just go to one more house to get some
candy and then we'll go home okay oh
this thing these kids start over they
and they drop their candy buckets and
here they are
you're a cloud still our candy banner
what yeah
why would he do that I don't know he
scared us and then we dropped our candy
back and then he took south so rusty
your candies Oh mr. Center just a minute
do we do Scrabble don't record rain
without leaves yeah that's crazy yeah
are you princess well I have something
better than candy is getting to be
winter y'all need to be healthy I made
you item impacts oh and some cough drops
looky kids I always I'm thinking of the
help of the young ones there you go make
sure you ask your mommy if you can eat
these okay but it's vitamin C it's real
good for you that's for you vitamins yep
all right well you all be safe now tell
your mom and dad I said huh I get that
cute little baby a kiss from me okay
okay no more losing those candy buckets
nice rusty the good
at least we got your community buddies
back right yeah we do have a whole
neighborhood to trick-or-treat out let's
go get mama okay
ready to go to the bully right now yeah
all right did you guys have any interest
in cami oh we have something really
interesting from granny oh I can't wait
to hear about that did you find the
hidden pineapple in today's video if so
you could be one of our fans of the week
leave a comment is in the hashtag get
him pineapple to let us know we will
post the end of the week at the end of
mommy Monday on Facebook and on Twitter
