he's like why are they getting excited
hi today we're going to be trying some
yummy Halloween food look at all the
stuff there's so many good there's my
food everybody you think what you're
most excited on the table and I think it
looks like David and Zach fix the two
things on the table that were actually
chocolate flavored instead of a pumpkin
or Apple so there's the pumpkin Pop Tart
and there's the caramel apple tea nice
typography so if you want to try them
let me know how they are good movies are
turning green that's our favorite cereal
it looks good Kristin apple flavor is
really good I would definitely want to
buy that
Alisa doing the try resist sure thanks
you look really good you're telling
these Reese's are like my favorite
you're really good
yeah let's try these pumpkin spice Oreos
okay look I do it they smell really
strong they're really good right
finally I won no Michaels no this cereal
this is pumpkin
Kylie now on the best so far huh this is
the pumpkin spice oatmeal next is apple
pumpkin spice thank you Michael you
wanna try this one he's still good with
this cereal it smells really good but
it's got this nice little kind of
pumpkin spice flavor yeah
pumpkin spice cereal okay here we go
this leg again better than chocolate
once horse yeah I like the chocolate
ones a lot to him let's do apple
cinnamon pretzels next
yeah they smelled really really good
their smell so good I might not want to
eat them that's the best so far
you guys like them I think they're so
yummy they're kind of salty and sweet
they are so good is that what you want
the Reese's I think that's why he won
next good antifungal cycle smelling you
guys do I try not Michael okay
okay here we go a little squishy oh it's
even more squishy it's really shocked
hey you going on business oh yeah candy
corn flavor I think they could be really
good
drop it off machine you never really
can't win with a claw machine like this
is a cute huh smells awesome
it's a good smell no thanks no weird I
don't think these are worth the calories
they smell really weird they almost have
a fruity type flavor but it's not even
like real it's not candy corn I don't
know do not buy let's try this one
instead caramel apple peach these don't
smell good
they smell gross
it smells like a dirty diaper it sounds
are really bad I need to smell it smells
good
smells really bad okay yeah I spin line
now I thought I was gross okay we're
gonna try these pumpkin pie M&Ms next
why you pumpkin pie so like maybe like a
white chocolate I favor enzyme next
we're gonna try this Chobani Greek
yogurt pumpkin spice blend day looks
good
I'm gonna see how it smells it smells
pretty good
oh it's yummy
I think that's a sign he likes it he's
smiling okay I'm gonna try this one this
is good it's kind of interesting spice
flavor I guess that's the pumpkin spice
but anybody else wanna try this kind of
interesting huh yeah that's very turn
yeah that's good it's good if you liked
our go we're like tarp frozen yogurt
you're probably like this yeah
next it's not like you like chips a lot
so these are white cheddar flavor I'm
gonna put a bunch on David's plate you
guys can you drop some on for their
their bones and skeletons
there's the ribs Michael right there on
the table
here's a hand after all this sweet
pumpkin spice is salty food tastes
delicious
now you just tskalikan next for Chinese
a spiced pumpkin pie Goodbar Cohen's the
try piece it's look yummy yummy looks
like you love it okay we have another
one coming spiced wafers it does not hug
melt from what I didn't believe which is
good it's a lot of funky foods out there
huh guys
I didn't realize there's quite so many
pumpkins seasonal foods we never usually
get all these a lot more we didn't get
it but it's kind of fun trying all these
getting into the fall season okay next
we have marshmallows another where we
got these I think someone sent them to
us in the mail
but they're like marshmallows that taste
like pumpkin spice oh sure anybody else
they could be good on smart does anybody
want to try pumpkin spiced caramel
caramel he's gonna chew whoo these are
really fast I look good yeah super good
I don't even taste the pumpkin spice
actually they're just tricked into
buying their product different package
same stuff do it Dre candy no he's just
eating his skeleton chips
we're gonna try pumpkin spice ruffles
we're gonna make these using pumpkin
spice flavor what do you guys think
about that that's strong we will use too
much we have some pumpkin pie spice
we'll put on our chips
I'm gonna mix them up a little bit you
want to hide the top one day today got
the most okay good really they're pretty
good laughter trying the mystery
flavored Oreo to silence now I don't
know if the whole bag is the same they
smell I definitely could smell the
flavor it smell like lemon oh michael
says this tastes like mystery what is
your safe like Zac okay baby where are
you
first you're beeping lemon lemon and
Froot Loops
so you guys tell me your favorite things
you're like the pumpkin spice rolls did
you pick your own Oh pity twin anything
give it all to okay so looks like our
favorite things were the rules the pop
charts I really like the
so excited for Christmas thanks for
watching
you
