everybody it's mommy Monday yeah we are
taking the kids today to their very
first pop concert
you guys ready here we go climb it out
like always
even he she's the most excited anyone so
we're excited we don't even really know
what we're excited about because we
don't even know what this is gonna be
like but we got excited are you ready to
go it's so hot outside he's got little
red cheeks but he's got his bow tie and
his matching shorts he's all dressed up
for the concert
you guys have to note about Owens
hacksperiment outfit today
be fun see we're still excited yeah
we're doing a little meet-and-greet the
kids from the concert I think she's
drooling did you guys have fun yeah
everyone enjoyed themselves good now
we're gonna head to dinner see anything
good yet puppet this one yeah that looks
good
I'm enjoying that got some good stuff
the corn
so we got to our hotel and the plan was
to go to a water park tomorrow so the
kids are all super excited and I realize
I love my bathing suit at home and that
really won't work because I can't not be
animating with the kids at the water
park cause it wouldn't be fun and I
can't watch them so there's like one
store in the whole city it's Walmart I
see you back there you're always trying
to trick me lately so we're at Walmart
trying to find something nothing is
fitting right of course so I don't know
what I'm gonna end up wearing I'm gonna
probably look for a shirt and shorts at
this point but something okay well we're
the last ones in the whole store you're
like kicking us out I thought it was 24
hours but apparently they close at
midnight got a bunch of random clothes
and hopefully one of these things I got
will fit me and will look okay - where's
the water park tomorrow we're waiting
for daddy - chicken yeah are you happy
to be in the hotel daddy's making one of
the beds this is our wall fatah it's
kind of cute there's our stuff
are you taking this picture are you on
good ones yeah II said I think that's
probably enough yeah they are good
you're the company's enemies yeah
daddy there are the main suitcase we
brought you take a lot yeah you did you
did did you a good thing good good night
you guys like that bed pretty cool huh
can I see hands AK
I refuse I feel good and I are you
helping me he's so nice
have you going once mommy thanks for
watching our video everybody you have a
great week see you tomorrow
congratulations so this week's fans of
the week you've found the hidden
pineapples the first question we're
gonna answer today comes from Maya who
wants to know your favorite vegetable
everyone says orange potatoes and
Michael says carrots and peas
Harry wants to know if you could pick a
superhero or super power what would it
be you like Batman he liked playing blue
invisible
I'll be awesome huh
cheap wolf asks if you could smell the
rainbow what do you think it would smell
like rain cereal fruit Savannah would
like to know what your favorite part
about Halloween is having fun I'm
walking around Owen said something
Alondra wants to know what your favorite
meal is
Bowens favorite meal is milk were you
able to find the hidden pineapple in
today's video if you did be sure to
leave a comment with the hashtag hidden
pineapple so we can choose you for fan
of the week
