hi welcome
Finley's game it the last time opposed
enjoys I made your app it was really fun
so we decided to do it again but this
time we're going to use your suggestions
so everybody at home is leaving comments
and they said their top ideas and we
picked our favorite ones that they
laughed at and those are the games that
we're gonna play we also chose the
winning poll vote and we're gonna do
that one too so make sure everybody at
home is voting in our poll because it's
pretty cool Thanks the noise I made are
for sponsoring this video be sure to
watch the noise on universal kids you
can find out more on universal kids calm
and pour them into a big spoon and then
put them in a loud bowl
I get to get to you which one's your
favorite
okay Chris's turn for the next challenge
you guys have to pour a box of macaroni
noodles into a pan
all right really close
I know you
two legs pulling things out of the
gumballs last time I think oh you did it
Michael so everyone's what Michael liked
it well we're gonna be getting cuz I
thought it was very fun and this time
we're gonna pull fidgets spinners out of
the gumballs okay okay I'm gonna be
burying all three these deep down in the
bottom of the gumballs
here we go wow that was the top can't
see em my monocle okay join this
challenge you only have to get one spin
around okay
oh okay thank you next are you gonna win
yeah okay for the last round I'm gonna
give you a big pretzel steak and you
have to break a piece off and eat it who
would Zoomers
okay get ready Michael okay all right
oops okay here's a new friend of Michael
Kennedy ready
you
everyone thinks they were the quietest
me who thinks they were the noisiest who
do you guys think was the noisiest
thanks again to the noise and reader app
for sponsoring this video did you find -
the hidden pineapple in today's video if
so you could be one of our fans of the
week
leave a comment using the hashtag didn't
point out people let us know we will
post stands of the week at the end of
mommy Monday on Facebook and on Twitter
