Oh
here's a healthy salad to Vice
everybody hurry with your lunch cuz
we've got to go get granny okay Michael
did you spill it's a look good there we
go new shirt are you gonna be good for
granny today this is your first time you
being baby sighs hey mommy do I have a
new or tall socks I think you're doing
the laundry now Freddie will go check
okay
what are we excited about my Emily phone
come on okay okay come on
oh no I'm thinking let's get some food
on where did you park the car I thought
I parked it in here
this looks good let's see here Oh
ah three cheeseburgers a hamburgers five
burritos
I am three drinks I think he's coming I
was just actually about to call her let
me let her know okay hello hi granny
it's me Christine oh just waiting for
you good yeah we're on the way to get
you right now well we were on the way
but we can't seem to find our car your
car is missing how do you lose something
that big I know it sounds silly but we
looked for it out front and in the
garage and it's not anywhere have you
called the police I had some firemen was
they were real helpful and getting foul
who actually was it by a cat out of a
tree yeah we're about to call them right
now we just wanted to let you know why
we are gonna be a little bit later all
right you like those policemen no
microwave keys I have to come pick me up
so I can watch up oh we sure will okay
well I'm just gonna crochet while I wait
for you I'm making a mermaid tail it's
gonna be teal I think it's a good color
looks good it brings out my eyes oh I
look forward to seeing that we'll see
you later all right you those kids a
kiss from me fine ma I
I'm worried - this has never happened
this is creepy
manual on what your emergency
hi I'm calling because a couple of
clowns just stole my car can you please
describe the car it's a large black man
and the plate number
Packers pH so we have a big black car
with the license plate attackers I'm
issuing an APB to all the bleachers we
keep an eye open for your car ma'am
thank you attention all hands this is
officers not women I have an APB out on
a black man with the license plate can't
please describe to Kai I believe it's a
Nissan NV off and who's driving the car
that's right let's hurry and find that
means okay we'll go get up
we're gay get his
I stay hydrated
oh wow I hope you're climbing trees
again you silly cat
funny yeah
a shepherd black card he got random and
then I wait don't let them get away
I do not know Andy's plan please please
my officer can I help you I eat you got
cocky they are how did you get them I
shot three Clint driving this car so I
started chasing them wait did you say
clowns yes and I heard they're the
blacks bull and cards so I had to get it
I was chasing them down the road and B
got a lick but lucky I got your car back
yeah but it must have been fast yeah
they'll be fast
whoa well I'm glad you got our car back
- Thank You officer
what's your name will die Michael that's
a nice name Michael Don check out these
cars
that was pretty crazy huh I'm gonna call
granny right now and let her know we're
actually on our way do you want to tell
the kids to go get ready yeah okay
smells a little funny in here oh oh oh
she's calling hello hi granny
good news we got the car Oh use that on
your car yeah you wouldn't believe it
it's literally like the craziest thing
ever okay I want the whole story when
you guys come begin yeah I'm just
packing my bag
yes I'll tell you all about it when we
see you I'll see you soon see you soon
bye there Carlos those kids okay I'll be
here any minute
I'm so excited to have your baby so only
to drop by you know what you're lucky
you found your car I've ever found spy
he's still missing I may find somebody
else's cat named Wow it was not spot he
looks a lot like spa but it wasn't him
the clans go away I was able to return
the stolen car good we'll keep our eye
out for those plans
yeah
