hey everybody how's it going we've got
some exciting news for you guys Alyssa
do you want to tell him okay
oh you're some funny fake drinking a
soda oh she's so clever our exciting
news is that first of all I'm drinking a
soda and a jacket of some exciting news
because she's the hell has a drink soda
it's so funny oh yeah real news and now
we have new channel art yes we finally
got it yes it finally got Chandler it's
been like a while I mean he's four
months old oh are you trying to be in
the video he can't you talk so we
haven't we're excited to show you guys
it's got ten calories it's not even good
if she tasted it she realized it's gross
anyway we're gonna show it to you right
now didn't you guys love that it is
weird going in the trash this is a new
brand new Alyssa you know what idea
actually a good idea but first I just
want to say don't you love the new
channel art I love it because it
includes Owen and it's super cute I love
it
so I have an idea though this is not
planned but since Alyssa is like crazy
girl tonight why don't we try to cook
prank someone why don't we do like David
or daddy or the toilet
thank you freak you decide I can I don't
think she knows what's gonna happen
because she's not allowed to drink soda
so you all know I'm sure it's gonna
explode that we pretty awesome right
David okay let's go
I almost forgot my second reason for
something this video today and that was
I wanted to tell you that we have a new
tradition we're gonna start on our video
I'm so very important in every video
we're gonna have a hidden behind hot
folder that you have to find yes hidden
pineapple whoever finds the first win
and you'll be our fan of the week yay so
this is gonna be awesome
there will be a pineapple somewhere and
tomorrow's video is going to be really
really really good I worked for a long
time filming it it's hilarious our whole
entire family's in it and it's a skit
you're going to love it so that's like
in a million chips and there is a hidden
pineapple in tomorrow's video so anyway
now we'll continue with our break
where's the boys okay let's go
what are you doing cuz we're the new
Alyssa like I said
hey where's your shoes you're wrecking
your socks you want some of it you're
shaking it don't shake it no I'm just
recording because I feel like our ping
didn't work that little well you know we
thought it was funny drink okay no we're
taking is gone over the place I don't
know maybe because this is like 10
calorie so that I just didn't work but
we thought it was gonna be really it was
sort of funny right yeah hey I just told
everybody on our channel about two new
things I told him about our new art
which is good yes our new jingle art and
I told him how we're gonna have a hidden
pineapple in all of our videos coming up
yes listen super excited about it yes
okay play basketball for a minute who oh
it's deal oh I love it good shot ready
let's say goodbye
