and that keeper is why we never spray
our friends in the face of sage thank ya
you seen my twin sister felicity
okay please help me look around today
Lavery oh hi hey Scarn you look so happy
we don't have time for this
felicitate her twin sister Christmas we
have you I have not seen her I'm really
married because of your luck yeah we
haven't seen you in a long time you
should help us look more better
yes definitely okay um you may be either
sorry guys I don't know wish I could
help
good luck why is she shouting on me a
few inches away
Felicity yeah you know listen these twin
sister weight swinging oh you have a
twin sister yeah this what does she look
like
well just just like me funny place are
you identical she was your hair design
and you look alike ya know am I gonna
know it's her than if I'm with you and
confused loosen up your it's squeezing
your hey I have an idea let's go to the
forest
I will look for her there okay okay I
will see my loser
why is what she looks just like me we
both know foxtail see we've got a fox
tail when we both have a cute little eye
mask we're wearing the same skirt we
always wear the same shoes so you look
alike
yes so you look alike
yeah we love the dress I always have my
hair in pigtails and she's Felicity and
she dressed the same okay she could hear
me
I practiced really bad what are you
doing here obviously we're having a
picnic birthday party you guys didn't
know about this no I left a note on the
fridge big bull riding it said Sprint's
birthday party in the forest at two
o'clock all invited
well you guys are welcome to sit down
what we were just having stories women
we're gonna have a vacay it's gonna be
super fun it's a little bit now you guys
hungry
I just ran like 10 miles here I'm
starving me too okay really heavy what
did you pack oh I did there's gonna be
like I don't know I invited a lot of
people I thought tons of people a lot of
things in the air in his birthday cake
yummy this is gonna be a fun picnic I
need carbs after that long run
what city gonna mask it that's what I
wanted okay choco-chip cookies are mine
three four five six we can share
you know I did I like to bake in my
spare time in front of my office I have
a real good idea yeah y'all want to go
back to Felicity's house and we can do
some old bacon
what are you saying baking do you mean
fake done or baking because I'm so
baking like the meat no no anything like
you put the cookies in the oven and you
take a mic you're saying one thing but
you really need another thing so yeah
baby out we say this let's all go down
to her house and I got some peaches at
mine and we will make ourselves a peach
pie
what about those prisons here's your
present
Oh
that's nice of y'all getting a president
doing it open them of course I do
it's pretty nice and I love your party
hat I love it's pretty how your life
without a hand I just put it on the
court you can tell about looking at me
hello Matt you love hats - don't you a
little I love hats cuz we both have the
nicest half of the bunch yeah but I do
know your headband I think it's because
our head a little too tight consumption
repeat yourself a lot what I do not I
don't review see there's no Felicity was
there were twins and we live together I
feel like this is just going down now
well I did order discuss this once yeah
what we're gonna hide you like I think
you must be twins already you're twins
oh man twins that's pretty awesome
last one to the house gets to wash the
dishes after the pie
