hi today we're family game night we've
got a really fun game plan for you guys
we have food and toys and gumballs you
guys are the place yeah
the only thing is guys like this game
we're about to play you can't make any
sound at all very quiet to determine who
wins each challenge we have an app I'm
going to use an annoying zone meter it's
on my phone so we're gonna play in
freestyle mode and what we can do is
it's gonna start recording you guys see
that yeah so if you're too loud the Liz
for the first round we have this big
target ball you guys get to pick a gum
ball from here I'm gonna hide it in the
gum balls anywhere I want and you have
to reach free even out it's quietly as
possible say where's our Melissa first
alrighty
oh boy that was already loud okay here I
go
it's in there now to make it fair
everyone's gonna sit we're gonna so as
thing to do the challenge and daddy's
gonna sit right here and he's gonna hold
a millimeter okay that will be super
super bye
there we go are you ready to play yes
okay
oh no out of it I guess draw it in okay
let's go again
now it's so funny
still exciting grandeur up dream all
right
yes why does that I can't believe you
have that one done you're kind of nosy
lucky
the next round we're gonna do chips
chips ID the chip they can do it princes
you at last last time you could go first
this time okay to turn daddies willing
to microphone a little buy clothes for
you guys this time so it's gonna be
pretty hard this round
it's up to you guys I think Michael will
lose the eating trip challenge to its
Alisa terawatts daddy house are you in
this is really good Alyssa I think loan
is back there waiting the challenge
world supply this dog for the next
challenge you're going to reach into ice
chests full of ice to pull out a soda
then you have to open this on that and
take a drink let's have you go first
okay
Michael turn
for the last round we've chosen two
players Michael and David they're both
gonna have their hands covered with
Legos and they have to try to get their
hand out of the Legos without making any
sounds but also they have trying to beat
each other so whoever gets it out the
fastest wins but if either of you set
off the noise a meter everybody loses
it
yeah exposing a video should we send the
video to someone thanks bye we want to
play this game again leave us a comment
and give us some ideas of a challenge
you think we should do while trying to
be quiet
