I was over here watching Owen and I
notice he suddenly is trying to grab his
toys
yes it's its first time doing it yes
he's almost rolling over he's so cute I
love it on his lap shirt he was just
grabbing it look I bet you wish you
could get it in your mouth kids rolling
on his side look at that you're gonna be
rolling over any second I can tell
you're getting really good hi guys
welcome to mommy Monday we've got a lot
on the schedule today we've got voice
lessons Chris and Zack have their
end-of-the-year basketball party but
most importantly we're gonna be helping
the kids make emergency overnight kits
today a lot to say to they don't know
he's really tall I think so too
he's okey oh he's so much to say this
morning it was you twice oh there's
Michael are you loving him I know he's
being so cute isn't he oh I know he has
his loud voice huh yeah look at him he
grabbed my hand he's trying to eat it
put you in a little outfit for today
yeah I'm excited too
oh you're gonna look so cute in this and
we have a little surprise cuz you're
gonna match your brother today oh you
look so cute you put some pants on oh
yeah these are still size three-month
span so let's see if they fit you are
kidding so we believe yes
you have the same start - where is Owen
today you want to do that here we go how
you look I know and I know oh that looks
nice on you I think yours is gonna fit a
lot longer than Owens is want to see how
you guys match the can kill you guys
like deal of matching he's your teammate
isn't he yes yes well the more I look at
these pants on oh and I'm just not sure
if they're fitting and right I'm
debating about it they're the right
length but I think because they're three
months size are getting a little bit too
tight in his waist I don't know but
they're so cute because it backs out of
his jeans they're so cute playing
show them how to dance
yeah the first thing we're gonna do for
making our 24-hour kits is pick out a
backpack so what we're gonna do with
these is we're gonna fill them with
things we would need in case of an
emergency
so like food water or some clothes
something like that and we'll put them
somewhere safe and we'll be able to get
them of a them you think you need a
bigger backpack this one you want to try
this one okay let's try that one Alyssa
is looking for a backpack we have lots
of backpacks it's just a matter of
picking the one that we're gonna use and
that's that that's a really cute
backpack good choice
I like it me too
so the one you want to use there's a lot
of good choices Michael has to be fun
too
there's lots of choose from I almost
other of Zach and Chris are gonna want
to switch you're right Michael can read
really well pick any one that you like
Michael I don't think we have one that
says your name on it that's okay it's
not the one you want on the very bottom
of course that's the one you want this
is so light up oh it does that can be
Michaels which one do you want to use
David what is Owen okay that's cool
okay that could be yours thank you're
gonna switch okay looks like Zach might
be changing his mind also there's the
other one that Chris picked out for you
here you want to get that one instead
okay just in case there's emergency well
mommy and daddy would tell you okay so
it looks like everybody has their
backpacks right go take yours in the
house well if you're back back it's not
right I know
oh you want to go soup up emag well yes
I think you probably can have fun
communi know that your friend Meg
yeah oh she's a good girl she's licking
me oh she's city bent down let her give
you a kiss
I think she really likes you
yes I think you fluffy likes you too
oh oh she's getting youichi haha what
she kidding you I think she got you I
think she gave you a bat do you like a
back Michael do you love me I think she
loves you too I think you also love
Kodiak
good job Michael
we're just doing our fish tank clean-out
we do this about once a month you see
the dish in there
how's it look pretty nice and clean you
don't have to be sad you're still sad
you just telling me all about it are you
happy now my sweet I think he's happy
now
we got a diaper change and we're gonna
put some little socks on these piggies
and think he's got some cold little toes
I think we're ready to get on with our
day
we got a happy baby now enjoys my lesson
did you do a good job
yep I heard your singing you said it's
so nice thanks come on tell me what
you're learning I'm waiting on a device
do you like it yeah I like it too our
Santa music is on my favorite movies Wow
somebody just spit up all over my shirt
and on himself so I'm gonna go change
shirts really fast I got a new shirt on
and Michael's home did you have fun love
yep
did you see puppy Meg yes and well and
what's in your bag oh you got a cookie
lucky boy hi he's having fun play enjoy
Oh
and I want to thank you - OH - friends
you guys building you're getting
something cool what are you putting
Alyssa good idea niya hates another name
tag oh my gosh it's like a Legoland
person name tag
that is so cute look what he made he
made himself a name tags like the people
at Legoland we're with little people of
trade oh I like it it's so cute I like
it buddy that's so cute I think you
could work there one day right nice eyes
Michael hi my name is Teddy Ruxpin can
you have any friends
do you like it Michael yeah follow I
wasn't getting the fussy over there it's
really cool what do you say the hehehe
Michael you love mac and cheese silly
you guys doing a puzzle
is he reading a story to you the kids
are so involved here doing puzzles and
stories but I think it's time that we do
our backpacks what do you guys think
yeah let's fill our emergency packs Oh
that'll be good to put in there
I made a pile here of all the stuff that
I got out so far and then we'll put a
bunch of other stuff into so yes why
would you have a mirror I'll tell you I
have with that the reason why we bring a
mirror is because if you happen to get
lost or stranded you could shine it and
reflect it against the Sun and then an
airplane or somebody looking for you
they could see you because it's you it
reflecting you can also start a fire yes
and you can start a fire very carefully
with sunlight on to like a small pile of
tinder and it's really hot it's costing
you to start small fire yep so a mirror
can be very handy if you got lost or if
you're stranded also if your face is
dirty the hot water always yes
Oh
sunblock that could be something good
you're gonna add a blanket you guys can
open these granola bars everyone take
some granola bars so the point of this
backpack is mainly for like say
something happen in our house say there
was an earthquake and something fell
like this
the hallway broke down and we couldn't
walk through the hallway to get you and
you were stuck in your room for like a
day all they're digging us out right
well you'd have this backpack in a safe
spot you get it out and you could have
some food you'd have a shirt you have
water you could put a toy in there so
you have something to play with so
you're not scared yeah
well I wouldn't put your iPhone in there
because you'll never see it again for a
long time if you did that because we're
putting these bags away so we're not
gonna play with these bags they're just
gonna be up in a special spot to grab
them okay another way we might use the
bags would be like if there was a fire
and we had to get out of our house
really really fast you can put a
businessman if you like so what if there
is a fire we'd have to grab our bag as
fast as we could then we'd run out of
the house but each of you guys would
have your bag so we'll probably add a
pair of socks and shoes because what if
it was at night right and you didn't
have socks and shoes so you need a pair
of socks and shoes a blanket yeah yeah
so this is just like a one or two night
bag just in case something happens and
then mommy and daddy will have a bag too
so that we can always be ready to leave
just in case
Oh could always have chainsaws handy he
spelled your name ain't gonna doc good
job like where are we going with the
chainsaw but I get it I get it is to
solve walls down
puts the obviously trees is your bag
good let's see what you have in it so
far good job that's a toothbrush did you
get applesauce on yours Michael
poni Michael's ago looks good well looks
like you're getting a granola bar
already I think this is a good idea guys
because in the last couple weeks there
have been multiple hurricanes there's
been a really big earthquake there's
been fire evacuations what yes so there
could be a volcano
yes so all kinds of natural disasters
can happen you never know what ones
gonna happen yes so it's good to be
prepared right and I realized this in
the last couple weeks cuz there's just
been so many things that have happened I
was thinking we're not really that
prepared if something were to happen so
I think this is a good idea that's you
guys
so if you guys decide to do this at your
house what I recommend is that you put a
date and you remind yourself one to go
check your bags because obviously the
food there can't just be there for years
and years we're planning on checking our
bags like every six months so that way
we can put new food in and eat the food
that we left in there and so on there's
one boy that would last forever what's
that honey
they found honey in ancient Egyptian
tombs and it was still good
after like totally like thousands of
years that's crazy right yeah I think we
decided persons that will put theirs
under their beds maybe towards the front
of your bed but you can get easily their
good spot yeah all right
perfect then you can run away with it
remove it okay well you've got a lot of
stuff under there Oh smart so David's
gonna put some extra water in there good
good spot
it's outside
my kind of flip for you ready amazing
right
we brought the kids to the park to
practice some soccer tonight because we
got a little bit off track and time went
away from us and we miss soccer practice
so we figured we'd at least taken down
to the field and let them get a little
bit of exercise and practice in thanks I
don't like being the goalie okay I'm
gonna come good Alissa instead he's
still playing way out of bounds daddy's
over here trying to instruct David on
how to be a good goalie hi sweet ones
wearing a jacket for the first time
today it's a little bit cool outside
it's like in the sixties so you've got a
jacket on yes call it again there's
Michael way back there
Matt's about to raise the kids across
the whole soccer field he's giving them
half a field advantage I don't know if
he's gonna win but he thinks he might so
we'll see on your mark get set go
kids daddies are from way back there so
look at that I think that he's actually
gonna beat all the kids for the half
field advantage
Michael's begun you're in the lead
Michael might have not gone all the way
back before I turn around go go go go go
great friends it could be daddy
oh the tie Michael said don't touch his
hands cuz he puts them in his job three
thousand whoa
pretty awesome busy show me how it works
cool 2,400 bucks if you wear your winter
clothes he's got a jacket on for those
cool outside but shorts on the bottom
uh-oh looks like Owen might have got a
little bit of a blowout he's honorable
okay well I guess daddy's gonna go
change Owen and we'll answer some
questions you guys will answer some
questions really fast okay the first
question comes from Stephanie who wants
to know if you guys like ice cream or
chocolates better and I think she means
would you prefer ice cream or chocolate
candy David what do you think best
friends asks if you had an entire arcade
all to yourself what game would you play
first
okay not a real game I played pac-man
I'm connecting David what about you oh
you mean the one they had to agree with
once you drop the ball down and you're
dropping the little things in it just
goes random yes you got 600 tickets I
was pretty oh the piano game that's a
good one too the piano tiles Michael do
you have a favorite game Ellie wants to
know if we've ever been out of the
country where have we been
nice
yes uh-huh
so we went on a cruise once and it went
to a couple different countries that's
pretty fun huh
Alissa just said Jamaica and Mexico and
I it might have gone to Honduras mommy
and daddy have been to Belize on a
cruise that wasn't Jamaica that was
really fun huh now we have a video about
that and we climb the waterfall the Bros
would like to know how do we know which
closes Chris's and which closes Zach's
that's true pretty much how it goes
right guys pretty much and then some
things though you have something that
you just like a lot and everybody knows
it's yours right yeah yes yes like the
owl one is just Chris's YouTube
addiction asks if Alyssa still has
perfect pitch yep she sure does
we should make a video update right we
should Pinterest girls ask if you could
do anything in the world with your
family right now what would it be
- fine if I could do anything with my
family right now I would go to Hawaii
that'd be fun daddy do you have an
answer what you said let's do it what
the big Beatles who's that Mommy is
afraid of big Beatles they are friendly
are you afraid of them - yeah they do
look cool looks like a good way to go to
bed
