you might notice that the kids are
mostly in their jammies and that's
because they were so excited they want
to open this right yeah we're gonna open
so the cold has a friend named Josiah
he's 16 he also lives in Tasmania on the
little island which is like really
awesome he's her friend and he said he
became interested in our channel he's
not a fan of it I'm so glad you guys saw
the video does it open up holes on the
video so he gave you all those points
thank you for your science so cute these
Legos
this is their banknote it says it came
out last September so I don't know much
about its money
my parent L it's so cute it's got a key
Oh cute it's in Los Angeles and this one
says sleeping equals boring look at this
one you guys it's got beers pants a
little bro
oh I woke up awesome thank you so much
this one's yours isn't this all so cute
I love all this this is adorable so much
pineapple I know this is so cute
tropical hair thing I think these are
erasers oh my god totally love it
Michael loves it this is for years Oh
stinky now Alissa oh you know
so Nicole I have to tell you the book
that you got Zak we own three books like
that one do we go to more than three and
guess who they were dying I don't know
but we don't own this one we don't have
that one and the kids loved those books
so much they've taken a recent road trip
you know DDR gonna match you look so
cool Michael oh look at you Michael it
totally babes sure you look great oh my
gosh there's a little zipper here Alyssa
this is a cover for a pillow that's a
pretty awesome one it's like oh why did
it open it today look at this cute book
for Owen you guys it is that thank you
do you like it
super high
remember the start rainbows underneath
our patterns it's a soccer game oh cool
what'd you get Michael attacked me
oh my god did you get a stuffed animal
also this was where everybody shares
okay
only boys boys we're gonna put on our
special Family Fun Pack Harry gonna fit
perfect where the button before we open
it really enjoy
that's pretty cool huh Keaton we're
trying the cookies mmm yummy and Owen is
over here trying on the shirts you can
see you're like so cute in that oh my
gosh it's adorable look you guys it's
totally winter this is target so you
guys I have a feeling she made that
frame press it looks like she made
Alyssa
thank you so much I hope you have fun in
Victoria with you they also said you
guys this the things are throwing guy
and I watered it grows out of its
challenge a coal they won't know if you
look kids near Taco Bell Taco well what
do you like dance to your Taco Bell
can't see cuz their chicken is so good
this wheel came for just Chris is there
and Michael oh this game is for you too
Michael
I am daddy you are cute I am seven
nice Alissa there's a bunch that came
just for you so we're gonna open him on
your channel okay okay it's next one
comes from the Philippines you guys look
there's her family mr. pictures there
Zoe you look so cute in the night oh
look at this oh happy 5 million
subscribers this is so sweet thank you
so much Nick you know it is really cute
let's take it like thank you this mail
came thank you
good I get Michael yeah oh she's always
soft you wanna love her Michael a
purebred pug here's how i bang spin okay
we're back opening or fan mail after a
little break and this package is coming
from someone who I think it sent us now
before her name is Gabriella she's from
New York she's 16 years old and look at
this Michael up and look at this you
guys
qu the cortege also take only for you
Alysa yeah and markers I think you guys
getting very excited about look at those
guys I think she's giving us her own
collection of ducks we have a bunch now
thanks to her it's her o is well this is
cool
these are little Vince you can identify
your stuff you can put around your
bottles oh look a look at your favorite
her go and look how cute is this little
door oh I really like this I love this
color
wanna sit up yeah one
Michael I think this is free new Star
Wars son Jackie Chris check this out
something I know you're gonna love it
your perfect size to adore oh definitely
for Alissa also look how cute that is
this is for you Michael I think it's
gotta be for you TJ masks Jimmy jr.
knows tonight it's so cute adorable
right yeah and this is a cute little
slim chair for oh and thank you guys
thanks for the nice note Gabriela I'm so
happy that our videos have helped you
out so much
Gabrielle it has a question for you guys
she wants to know what you're most
scared of
so Michael do an answer mosquitos I
guess Michael actually is very scared of
mosquitos david p oh stop okay what are
you scared of I'm scared of bad side
Chris I love hit hit hit fine silca
scared from them because
okay also Gabriella thanks for giving my
voice charts because near rain bathing
suits only in this video this next one
comes from the UK and there's something
wrong look what Owen got you got this
cute little rattle thank you service I
can't wait to eat these isn't this cute
you're going thank you
this is from Norway this one comes from
Illinois look at all these you guys
fruit snacks and David Michael about the
Star Wars one and this is cool you guys
they have two games need the Belinda and
Jack Bauer that's like the best name
right we love Jack Bauer favorite show
the next one came from Minnesota Michael
this was definitely like it's part less
I look how cute she's nine years old
yeah this one comes from Australia evite
her name is Rosa she's nine years old
she's very pleased she said you guys
some stickers and some candy that's
really cool with your Fanny look at that
she says Alyssa they were a really good
big sister and her birthday is August
21st in my train getting stressed like
me I love it
thank you for the baseball cards
Isabella
I love them this is from the United Arab
Emirates you guys nice picture and
here's a letter all they say Owen is
really cute
this letter is from Danis and marva
they're ten and eight years old I named
it you aren't me are so alike
we both like the color blue we both play
the tarts we both like to wear hats love
Legos like lime and both love our moms
oh that's the great weather look at this
I made this for Owen isn't that cool
thank you for all the nice caramel yeah
big fresh sending all in mail thanks for
all the nice letters thank you
thank you for the nice notes Jackie we
really enjoyed reading these today's
grand meal comes from all over the world
again
it comes from Australia Northern Ireland
Canada New Zealand Finland England the
Philippines Scotland California New York
Pennsylvania Maryland Michigan Indiana
Minnesota North Dakota Colorado Texas
Missouri Florida Tennessee Arizona Ohio
New Jersey Louisiana Georgia Kentucky
New Hampshire West Virginia Virginia
Idaho Iowa Nevada Wisconsin South
Carolina and Arkansas flag a lot of
places we also got fan mail from the
United Arab Emirates Ireland Alabama
China and Norway and Washington DC
we've kind of cut here come
thank you for thinking of us yes my son
Frankie
Thank You Aidan I'm glad you watched my
channel too
Wow so many happy note
now we keep getting these from you guys
and our post office doesn't seem to
understand how to use these the only
thing we're able to use is that circular
Universal stamp that we showed you guys
last time in case any of you guys are
wondering this is the global stamp we've
been referring to that you can get in
any country so that we can mail your
letter back to you
thank you for being so thoughtful thank
you
I love you
this is super baby doll
yes that's nice
wow so many happiness
we found your letter fascinating thanks
for writing to us Michael loves being a
big brother and the twins definitely
love being twins the award for most
creative packaging for this month's
panel goes to Madeline this letter was
rolled up inside this paper towel holder
and came to us like this
I love these thank you for thinking of
us
this is supervening home
thank you for being sells out home
thank you
Thank You Abby that was nice of you
