hey everybody school starts buzz in a
couple of days so we're gonna do some
back-to-school shopping nice backpack
hey is that your first day of school
backpack
I see my favorite put again this is my
favorite no I'm pretty like it first
hours but now I'm like that cool Michael
does like Elena thank you I like that
one well cousin Lou enter eventually
does get hot oh oh come on
it's a cool pencil holder open it up
let's you know it what's inside cool I
can use another Wyatt every puzzle wrong
looks like they got pretty neat huh like
that let's go
how are you you know cute so I can fit
very hot No
those are nice glitters on pretty colors
we need that one for sure I think right
yeah it's so cool it's a lot in pencil
box that's pretty cool
does it work I just oh no Joe it open it
up cool so it's long that's cool
why don't we grab some of these
notebooks over here you guys I know that
we're all gonna need a couple of these
so pick whatever colors you like the
most
okay
that looks good
they're gonna write in those drinkin if
you want to get back okay
but listen you're gonna need some
binders at the end of the I also want to
go there and get some of those oh and
paper
no need some extra paper get this kite
oh you want to well before us you think
you would do that maybe that's a baby I
know you really want that okay he's a
big a ruler slap bracelet try it out
a big long line that's a pretty one I
know you like that one man older that's
a good one oh do you like that one
yes how do you have to get it that's -
you can get that one
when you shop I'd like to get these
instead I can't imagine get this oh nice
could pick this out this is cool oh
really that's a good fine those are
erasers I think you should I know it's
funny Chris just pick those out to see
you guys both like those ones that's
nice I like a blue and - Chris
those are post-it notes baby I have a
problem maybe reading Latin will help
everybody look for a really good ruler
we need a better ruler it seems like
every time we guess this is a ruler
every time we need a ruler we can never
find it having trouble seeing
here's what I want to do guys we have a
ton of stuff in our cart and we're not
gonna do a big haul after the video
instead what I want to do is everyone
pick out their top like two three four
whatever things that we picked out for
that the school is here okay so take a
look through all the stuff what's yours
nine ten those are mechanical pencils
okay
here's my four favorite turn up sticky
notes I always need practice writing
scissors a notebook and a ruler how
about this map yeah sure let's get it
you want to get a Mac yeah I think I'm a
pretty awesome actually shows the whole
world yeah here's what I think we should
do I think let's do a little challenge
before we leave the store it's gonna be
who can find the most unique school
supply you guys ready hey go how many
one what yep
it's hard to find the most unique thing
isn't it
yeah those are special okay guys times
about up I'm gonna give you about 30
more seconds to find your item all right
when you're done come meet me at the
shopping cart okay we're gonna start
with the oldest what'd you find
cool racers all right she found
unique-looking racer no I got this black
box with the key purple lockers and ones
heavy electrical tension that's really
good and we actually need one of those
too so it's unique and we need it yes
yes okay Zack where'd you get these nice
this is unique these are push pins you
stick them in like a picture or
something on a cork board okay Chris
flippers this valley to put pencils in
but that's all part about it is look
there's a zipper inside fooders cool
okay you're Michael what did you pick
oh nice you got three things so he got
jewels and I got scissors and what's
this to know about it
the keychain thing I think you picked
this out because it's really cool okay
let's see who the winner is everybody
hold your stuff up are you the winner
you know what here's who I think is the
winner I think the winner of something
we actually do need is David so it's
unique and we need it because we need
that pencil sharpener I think the most
unique and rare item winner goes to
stack cuz that is something I did not
see at all the whole time we're shopping
but I think we can have some other
winners here the next category for a
winner is who got the most stuff and
that's Michael yay the winners is not
something very very pretty this is so
pretty I just love that you did this is
very pretty also and something just cute
and adorable winner goes to Alyssa this
is super cute
- they're crippled hard one yeah do you
like those maybe we could do some art
with
