have a little surprise for the kids this
morning we're doing something we've
never done before are you guys on the
scene yeah okay so close your eyes
everyone cover your face and slowly walk
forward the thighs is right over there
is that cool cool right
are you okay back there
you're right
did you get a cold bottle
well she brought a treat
looks like Michael's doing better back
there now he's smiling
touching at my makeup
you guys are probably wondering where
we're going and why we're going in a
limo and we aren't filming for a TV show
which is pretty awesome it's going to
air and then I got a couple months I
think on TV we can't say exactly what it
is but we will have a video about it
coming out closer to win the TV show
it's gonna air mommy is David we're
gonna degree right in our family we
don't like to be hot so that is
bring yourself cool
hey guys having fun
I'm
everybody good
David such a nice brother he's back
there in the hot section of the car here
buddy
he's cooling off Michael he's being such
a nice brother
car only has a couple seatbelts so we
put the youngest ones in the seatbelts
we're almost to where we're going to
film and we're happy we're almost there
because it seems like the
air-conditioner isn't working in our car
so everybody's really really hot so
we're kind of glad to be done driving in
here soon although it's fun riding here
I don't know what you guys have to say I
gotta get my baby's head back yeah I
know I feel so bad for the little ones
in the back it's really hot back there
we're not as hot as they are but they're
really on hey baby
are you doing okay this is so sad this
little boy is sweating it is way too hot
for you back here oh this whole head is
sweating poor little thing we're cooling
off with ice and we're keeping our
spirits that cute bag do it open it
that's a beaut
she does love shopkins
Oh
sweet give her a big hug we're be doing
the channel logo there we go hey guys
have a fun there what there is an uncle
it's gonna be the party car hello you
guys waiting out the front of our car
oh yeah we had a great time filming
David and I had a great time being on
the team together as mommy and son and
we also got a new limo while we were
waiting which is good because this one
has air conditioning so nobody's
sweating nobody's hot everybody's having
fun the only bad thing is it's just us
you know G Heaney because everybody else
is in a different way mo
are you having fun
like I'm getting started over there
we've got two sleepers we always have
two sleepers these days okay
he's gonna go to hehe
there we go this is our parade right
here it was a fun day
Michaels is the you might wake up still
down healthy or have to sleep for like
four hours and suddenly wake up you'll
be up all night sax filling up Kona's
water that's not poop show us what it is
yes it's kinetic sand cone Rock I'm
gonna drink now we're heading on the way
to dinner what are we gonna get Chris
pizza oh he was sad you need somebody to
carry you and you're sleepy pretty tired
so Michael Oh sire he's ready for bed I
think already yummy good
oh oh we lost our cheese looking good
here his funds mine and Matt we're at
the store that's a real bad we're at the
store because we're looking for
something for a video we want to film
we're having trouble finding it though
that's a cool balzac whoa the hard throw
in front of gloves
whoa look at you working out this is
like your favorite aisle I can tell it
does scream you got a dirty kids there
Michael whoa
this is becoming a thing I'm pretty sure
recently at Target I was pushing around
Heather now I'm pushing around Stephen
it's like a circus today we got the
noise making toys faster this is all I
can do this is my fastest speed Shannon
wants the right now oh good she's easier
to push than you pancakes
does look good what I don't want is that
toy Michael's playing with that is not a
buyer oh boy now the twins have it that
is cool
the games do you know who are this boy
this is my turn I've never ever written
a kid car it's gonna get really
embarrassing in about five seconds
because we're gonna be to the front of
the store wow what a heavy nice gold
nugget we could have but we're looking
for so we're going to another store
we're in luck because we finally thought
what we're looking for now we're just
waiting for somebody to help us so we
can get it down because it's really high
in the meantime the kids are keeping
themselves busy Shanna's playing with
this cute baby over here
good catch
we finally got somebody to help us and
we got bad news apparently they only
have the two on display here at the
store but what we're looking for so I
don't know what we're gonna do update we
got a manager to say we actually could
buy the store display so we're waiting
for someone help us get it down we've
been in the store long enough and my
kids are losing it okay let's go guys
like I said the kids are losing it well
the manager there talked to other
managers who told her after all we can't
buy The Tortoise place so we might not
get over looking for to film our video
for tomorrow we're home in this dorm
we're gonna answer a couple questions
showing you guys the first one comes
from papi who wants to know do you guys
play anything else besides soccer and
the instruments that you play what
Michael likes to watch baseball and all
the boys what so you guys play baseball
soccer and basketball right analyst I
hope we'll play baseball soon yes you do
seeing wants to know what's your
favorite doughnut or ice cream people I
like maple too Zac rainbow sprinkles I
like those too yes Michael loves bronies
upside down you guys gonna be like bats
the kids decided to answer the next
question in bat style the question comes
from Lily who wants to know if you guys
can ride a bike everybody can so all the
kids right up to wheel bike and Michael
rides other yeah Michael ride scooter so
you can't ride a two-wheel bike yet the
next question comes from Holly who would
like to know if we watch full house or
fuller house and I love full house as a
kid it was literally one of my favorite
shows and I was excited to watch fuller
house but it wasn't on regular TV so it
was just too hard to get to it because
you had to go to Netflix and that's just
like an extra step that I don't have
time for so wait I'm sad to say I don't
have time for that vibe just don't so I
would still love to see it though what
about you yeah I love full house so
can't imagine it being a letdown well
thanks for watching guys hope you guys
all have a great week bye
