everyone say hi we've already got some
friends there wow that was fast so we
have some boxes to open we figured we
would go live and see what's inside um
do you guys want to see what's inside
and also if you guys have any questions
you guys can ask them to the kids I
thought this would be a perfect time to
get some questions answered and say hi
to everybody cool huh
and also while we're going alive I'm
gonna remind everyone like I always do
to subscribe to everybody's Channel the
Twins have their channel twin time cool
oh cool
Alyssa what's your channel name always
Alyssa oh that's cute what is it oh
that's cool what is hanakos wow it's a
pen so that's a Michael David I've I'd
love to see that he said I love
volcanoes oh nice
he loves pictures of volcanoes Michael
was sent Strawberry thing you got
somebody wants to know if I know how to
drive or not I must never saw myself
driving yes I know how to drive
Oh someone said they're subscribed to
all your channels speaking of the
channels though David what do you want
to tell them but is it gonna open soon
yes really soon David's channel is dude
it's david and we have started filming
for it which is awesome oh wow
oh it's a pumice stone yeah from volcano
it's really really lightweight super
lightweight cuz volcanic rock is
actually kind of lightweight when it
dries cuz there's a lot of air in it
right yeah pretty cool huh yeah
how old is everybody do you guys would
say how old you are
I'm too old yep would you get in there
Chris what's that Oh
to make slime oh and I bet that's a
spoon to stir the slime cool huh that's
pretty awesome
you got cookies ooh yummy that looks
good
oh that's good too it's cool huh it's
really rough isn't it cool look let's
look at the rock what do you think about
that rock Michael it feels funny yeah
it's interesting isn't it you guys cuz
it's super lightweight and it's also
kind of rough
did Michael get a book is this Michael's
book right here this is cute
Johnny Appleseed it's a cute little
looking book someone says what's your
favorite kind of chocolate here's the
book do you like white chocolate dark
chocolate or milk chocolate uh his
daddy's doesn't milk I used to love
white chocolate too but now I just kind
of like dark chocolate what is it
Michael Danny like stuff
ooh a snack Oh Michael found a beehive
Michael loves bees I think Michael got a
little kit about farming and you got
this book Michael about someone named
Johnny Appleseed is that a funny name oh
that's to make slime in cool it's like a
little container and you put your slime
in it I know making volcanoes is pretty
fun what's your favorite fruit well this
is a pineapple would you say
fresh strawberries a watermelon what
about you Chris David there no one likes
strawberries Oh some people are sending
emojis they remembered all you guys are
awesome they're remembering last time we
said to give an emoji if you're
subscribed to the different channels and
they're giving the emojis that's awesome
yes I think you guys Alissa asked for
like pineapples and foxes and poop and
the twins asked for poop also so we have
to think of a different one Michael has
the bee friend oh yeah let's write it
with tomatoes for Zach and Chris someone
says does ELISA still have her braces
well she's eating but you want the Fox
emoji yes what about a beach ball - what
Oh a cat emoji there we go what's your
favorite sport yeah we're gonna go live
I think tomorrow so in case people want
to watch tomorrow and they didn't get to
watch today I think it's gonna be around
4 to 6 o'clock Pacific time so check our
channel around that time and we'll go
live again tomorrow so you guys don't
see we're doing since today we're just
kind of sitting here um what is your
favorite oh my gosh movie food or toy
there's a lot of questions coming in
mallanna's good
anybody else Oh are we into NASCAR um
I don't know tell me I don't know if we
really are they like muscle cars yes
someone asked have you ever broke a bone
yep David hurt his foot I don't think
you actually broke a bone no no you
never had a cast on Michael did it when
he was a little baby he fell off his
little baby to a knee yeah we have a
video about that because it was so sad
and then David jumped off the table
after he ate a goldfish cracker and he
fractured his foot it's so sad
I know he was doing just normal baby
stuff but same thing what's your
favorite shopkins ELISA and then
everybody else what's your favorite
color black is that cuz kylo Ren and
Darth Vader are black yeah
oh we should so Owen today orange in
black and white those are good colors
are you eating that snack over there
Chris is it good
oh you're eating something else Michael
look at you and Owen you guys match
today it's so cute
there's Owen say hi you guys have the
same outfit oh look how cute you guys
look he's really cute oh but he doesn't
like laying on the ground he wants to be
held somebody says what's your favorite
soda Michael hates soda
Fanta for Chris Gatorade for Michael yes
you do
me too you know what I love oh that's
why I love their daddy brought it over
that's my favorite drink right there yes
pink lemonades good oh thank you I have
Michael kissing me he's such a sweet boy
you like orange Fanta did you guys show
me everything in your boxes did we see
it all
Oh meeting bug favorite animal
he says horse yes I think we all know
David loves lions somebody says David if
you had a YouTube channel OB yeah what
would it be called I think they don't
know you have a channel and it's gonna
open soon so what's it called yep dude
it's David it's gonna be a cool channel
I'm really excited it's really fun to
film first first time we've been doing
it is Michael in school yet Michael's
not he's gonna be in preschool before he
goes to kindergarten you're not excited
what's your what's your favorite game on
your tablet do you guys have one okay
anybody else oh the roller coaster game
no that's a game we're not allowed to
play sneakers walk
I know you like that who is your
favorite Disney character Darth Vader
what no they're not
you guys are silly we did not go back to
school yet someone said to David they
said go Lakers
and someone else says do you guys like
roller coasters yes we love her like I
says how is that true Chris is that good
let me see let's get a good look at that
oh it's soft yeah it's kind of like oh
my gosh I'm gonna be honest this is not
smell good but does it taste good I
don't really like how it smells oh I bet
those are good daddy likes anything
gross so he might like it do you like it
that's true one time we did not like
something oh let me see no good actually
apples and strawberries this looks kind
of yummy
Michael got that but that's gonna taste
good Michael you know what this is I
think this is like a fruit roll-up
actually that looks yummy what's yours
how old is kona someone's and says in
dutch that's pretty cool um Kona is
eight yeah so what are we gonna do today
guys what's the plan what mommy's fine
okay you tell me your plan my plan is to
go shopping cuz I haven't shopped for a
long time Oh show me your cash register
go grab it
um what's your plan Alissa someone says
Alissa do you like littlest pet shop or
shopkins war
yeah I like shopkins I think your
shopkins early kid oh yes so he's got
this cool
what did Oh No
let's see if we can help him Oh Michaels
food touch the carpet oh there's some
heroes on it let's see it
no let's see if daddy can clean it off
free okay someone says David what's your
favorite choice I think about that
almost okay your toys Legos Alissa what
you're gonna say Oh Google isn't really
wants to do her slim eatin play her
thing silly slim and eat
Michael has funny hair because he had
his owie in his head don't move I'll see
if I could show me Joey so there's where
he got his staples in his head when that
sign fell on his head in the store and
I've been putting some stuff in there so
it doesn't get a big scar but then he
scratched his nose I don't know when he
did that so someone asked something
about pizza I couldn't quite see it but
for David Michael do you want to eat it
daddy cleaned it off for you really good
he's climbing on me instead okay Zach
what did you want to say we're gonna go
soon someone sent loving hearts what oh
you're so sweet Michael
no that's weird what grade are you guys
in I know what it's serial Michael loves
cereal oh that sounds like a good plan
what here's silly let me see your
headband Alisa if you guys saw when
Alisa got this headband you watch the
video because it was recent let's say
leave a pink heart emoji pink heart
emoji yes if you saw the video where she
got that it's a really cute headband yes
Oh somebody I lost something carts do
you like burritos or tacos beans and
rice and pink lemonade we're getting a
lot of pink hearts looks like a lot of
people saw that video it's a video on
Alyssa's channel yes do you like ice
cream or brownies
yeah
do you like Harry Potter
yeah yes what's your favorite stuffed
animal Michaels making a party on
everyone's head okay go get it
David's getting a little surprise to
show you guys yeah you're almost at a
hole we're fixing it though yes the kids
do like slime there we go
it's bigger than Kona yeah don't forget
to watch our video from yesterday we did
a fun art video and our pic me pops
video cuz that always cool - we did that
two days ago and it was really cool we
had like the biggest one ever it was
pretty awesome um oh I can't read the
questions are coming in so fast they
said they love you guys what's your
favorite kind of clothes Alyssa what
kind of clothes do you like to wear
dresses and skirts Alyssa did a live
video yesterday where she showed some
really cute dresses off on her Channel
what is that Zach is that like a little
is it squishy or is it said it's scented
oh it is scented wow that's interesting
yeah it's lightweight it's kind of like
foamy yeah pretty cool huh
do you guys want to come say goodbye
Michael there's one more question it's
for you Michael do you like Sophia or
Elena the best he can't choose there's
some more pink cards Alisa I think a lot
of people saw your headband video and
you got that headband does anybody have
an answer Elena or Sophia yes we did go
to VidCon favorite potato chips anybody
daddy likes ruffles sour cream and
cheddar everyone's saying daddy's answer
yeah okay Wow do that again oh it's
great singing mr. monkey
can you do your beauty your arpeggio
again Zack did that one again he's out
again okay that was good
can you guys sing in arpeggio for us all
four of you guys like the likes EEG see
like that can you guys do that real fast
motivate it was I thank you like thanks
for watching ready do thank you okay
let's say goodbye
Michael's like the grunge singer okay
okay see you later thanks for watching
us
