alright welcome back to mortise - hi
guys hope you're ready for a fun vlog
today oh yeah
so previously we have went to a model
home and baked cookies
we've played video games I'd seek all
the things so what are we doing today
guys it's about lunchtime and we're
desperate for pizza so we saw comments
on the last video saying build a pizza
or cook bake a pizza in a model home so
that's what we're gonna do
can we do it let's go Papa Murphy's take
and bake if you guys haven't had Papa
Murphy's man you're missing out they
build it it's like Chipotle huh sheathe
Pete's hat just for us yeah we're taking
up another quick stop before we go to
the model home to get a beverage
whatever else we need for this adventure
quick beverage kombucha what'd you get
yes also we did not bring a pizza cutter
that's a vital ingredient
forgiven hi it's a wheel nice task with
the : guys we just pulled up to the mall
home are you getting nervous
well mainly hungry yeah maybe they want
some of our pizza as well because
they're hungry it's almost lunchtime
it's 11:30 right now they definitely
want pizza okay let's go inside
oh good we were wondering if we could
bake everyone a pizza yeah complain okay
yeah
now we just defined the oven kitchens
right here
guys check out this kitchen here's the
oven
okay so luckily the office is like way
over there there's not really close to
you you couldn't hear somebody did bake
something in here oh yeah there's a
spillage
okay so upper oven we want bake mode how
much 425 this planet ain't got me on the
tab if we hear someone coming in we have
to hide somewhere where they can walk in
the kitchen make what the so before the
pizza goes in the oven we have to dress
the pizza with chest Cirelli boys all
right
also what's your favorite type of pizza
is it just basic cheese would you like
other flavors what's yours Inger I could
good pepperoni but also I can barbecue
chicken okay that I like some pizza to
have like all the meats Lord Anissa
meets us yes I hate mushrooms and olives
so none of that get that out of here and
peas it up easy Oh No Bon Appetit
these have to do our check in the fridge
cuz they usually hide beverages for yes
they have water soda but water is better
there's dessert for Gary if you want
some dessert for Gary he brought pie
yeah he ranch for pizza as well I've
never tried like other condiments on
pizza before like for example it's just
anything that maybe not good but maybe
it is maybe that's a new hack so you're
gonna try it on yours yes all right
so if someone comes walking to the door
this is what's gonna happen oh no see
you can't tell you could probably fit in
that one we should explore this home
while the pizzas cooking also kay
there's just something about like going
into model homes and sneaking around
that's so funny because one it's allowed
and two it feels like you're in someone
else's home that you've never been in
before and three what's the third one
you can use these ideas for your house
things right yeah that's right answer
like you could do this wall to your
house which is a very cool wall this is
this is a cool setup look it's like a
desk here for two people
yeah I'll try to just computers being
stubborn I found a pen Tim to write our
YouTube channel here sorry
somebody's gonna find that Andrew what
guess what today is
do you know what number it is or yes
so look on the calendar
no yes
yeah it's grandma grandpa gonna be
kidding
are they meeting us here they're coming
for pizza
yes Amy soccer game coming up in a
couple weeks so Rufus is veteran I want
to name my next dog Rufus as funny oh
and guys once the pizza is done ager and
I are gonna find a hiding spot somewhere
in the house we could play some fort
night because they just released it on
mobile so fortnight in a fort in a
random home with pizza yes grandpa okay
grandpa is he gonna play with us does
this thing done yet
it says rapid preheating we need it at
425 faster faster faster
do you guys eat ranch with your pizza
I'll tell you what I do I eat ranch
combined with hot sauce walls have never
tried that please try it and do yourself
a favor it is so good next time you have
pizza night mix the two okay people in
Europe a bunch of our fans are from the
from Europe people in Europe don't even
know what ranch is or never serve it to
that's true when we were in Europe we'd
always ask for a side of ranch and
they'd be like what is that they never
even heard of it
let's ready put the pizza in guys close
Longmore stop lunch
boom to the basement
we could go in here to the fort behind
it water no way you go yes I'm coming in
whoa we can make a for under here easy
might we add this staircase is something
else a huge bedroom let's take a dive on
the bed oh oh I could take a nap if I
wanted oh that's nice it's a morning
Bible turn by the fire get right out of
bed ah
all right time to start the day ah
you're in the bathroom but we just
thought of a new challenge for model
homes everybody look shampoos literally
shower gel and shampoo and then also
look literally get a real life shower
with swim trunks on ah that would be so
funny I think we could do it though now
this stop blinking we're now in the
closet and you're trying some suits I've
got shoes as well
Digby eight and Beckett Yeates at your
service ah let me put on one as well
not bad
they give deviates but brothers let's
sign the deal also J it's worth the
pizza
Janice burns it again Janet what are you
doing in my house the pizza done yes no
way looks delicious that guy's so good
yeah turn the oven off give it a cut
this is the universe yes yes now that
the pizza's done it's time to go let
them know pizza's ready yeah
yeah how's that pizza
very good mine's almost done as well
yeah we got our nice little island here
to enjoy the pizza wait I forgot
something the jelly guys you should come
join us we can have a big party in the
model home maybe we should do that
meetup in the model home whoever wants
to come over all right got the jelly on
it's time for the did yep test and the
verdict you may be trying this more
often
that'd be pretty good no I like that
jelly that's good you're such a liar
no I'm not you're a bunch of crying
looks like you're about to borrow us cuz
it's so good do you guys put any weird
condiments on your pizza cuz cuz now
gently I gently but I like jelly jelly
jelly is the new pizza hat for me yeah
as we just finished the pizza we just
moved over to the another model home
next door what's the plan guys for
tonight mobile have you played this no I
haven't why quick let's get into a
foreign play to the fort room yeah right
back here yeah okay let's shine light I
know you have to go under there Oh
underwear by you prank in there can't
see anything
yeah am i able to fit Wow there has to
be a way you can fit and get in here
it's not gonna be fun by the way guys
fortnight is free so download it and
link in the description you know we have
a link for you guys if you want to play
you can play a Playstation computer Xbox
and now mobile M
but if you guys download it through our
link it helps support our channel so we
appreciate it thanks guys
yes bus mode alright where we go tilted
tot graphics are like the exact same
this concert it's crazy
get a gun hurry get oh no switch switch
to the gun Elmo Oh fire run right yes
I'm so smart Oh fire died I could open
the chest it wasn't working out of there
be a good sleepover spot guys yeah
that's intense oh can we were back at
the house now guys that was a fun
successful mission don't leave yet by
the way I was scared it wasn't gonna be
successful but guys check this out you
squeaker it's Daisy as you guys know we
have a gaming channel if you're not
subscribed to goof squad gaming here on
YouTube but we also have a Facebook page
for it we're gonna be doing some special
things on it folks this button live
video video guys we're gonna do some
live streams on this so be sure to head
over like it and look where we only have
a hundred and sixty six likes we want to
get to a thousand likes if we get to a
thousand likes we'll do a giveaway so
head over here and like it turn
notification on because like I said
we're gonna be doing some live streaming
from new squad gaming fortnight yes
either way guys we appreciate you coming
back here to watch another vlog yeah and
don't forget to last daily guys much
important little see back here tomorrow
bye
