well hi everybody and welcome back to
more JC I hope you're having a great day
as you guys can see I'm here with my
father how you doing hi good guess what
guys today is his birthday whoo oh I
decided thought it'd be fun if me and
him did something for the vlog and some
of you guys might recognize him from
previous videos we've done together it's
been a while yeah it has been a while so
where are we at we're at Magnum shooting
range
I brought my gun and I think you brought
your gun right to know you have my guns
inside we're gonna shoot some cool guns
today so let's go inside and have some
fun yes this place is so awesome they
have some insane gun to guys so we're
probably gonna shoot the guns we own
first and I think I'm gonna surprise him
by renting one of their turret like
machine gun things back in one of the
world wars guys it is the most insane
gun I've ever shot major and I shot
together another vlog but he's never
tried it I wanted to show you guys the
gun
I owned ar-15 so I need to get a case
for this first cuz it's kind of annoying
carrying around in this cardboard there
we go
Suns only 10 bucks and it fits yeah
perfect all right let's see your gun
what do you got this is a Walther it's a
gun made in Arkansas it's meant for
concealed carry
Walt's a PPS 9-millimeter epic so you're
gonna shoot that today is what I'll
shoot today this is what I'll be
carrying oh here it is guys what thing
is nuts
we're all ready folks though what is it
again
it's the 1919 yep Browning 1919 and what
was this used in World War 1 World War
two
yeah that kind of went but they just
remodeled and use the same idea and went
to better machine guns but yes priests
are does too
we shoot that
the state shoots for eight seconds this
round alone is food the books
you could totally tell like the
different sizes of bullets huh
targets
let's go
yards
captain
in the circle
I think we both can
so now we're going to have a competition
you can get the most
middle shot-by-shot
ah that is good folks seven in the
middle can you beat that
yep all right here he goes how good is
he gonna do let's see his game pace that
he's jumping Wow
he's got a very good game case I must
admit
we have no idea where it went but he's
giving it another try
even on target looks like you hit a lot
in the middle
but you got three in the middle
snakes you adjust the range but look how
tiny this gun is 300 bucks what in the
world I wanna shoot that that'd be so
funny
the color and the skins
well everybody back home had such a
great time hanging out with my dad for
his birthday and I know for a lot of
people and especially in the world we
live in guns are always a touchy subject
for you know our society and for all
obviously specific people but you know I
always say it's not guns that are the
problems just like how knives aren't a
problem and just how vehicles are a
problem it's sinful people that are the
problem so that's why it's so important
to be responsible with what we have
whether it is a gun a knife a car food
our lives in general it's always
important to be responsible so I just
wanted to quickly address that guys
because I know some of you some people
out there might think it's a it's a
problem so to conclude that I love you
thanks so much for being the father
figure that I needed in my life for
raising me the way you did both you and
Mom I love you guys so much and I do
cherish moments like this where we get
to do simple fun things together and I'm
so glad we have a vlog channel so that
we can look back on these memories so
happy birthday guys wish my dad happy
birthday in the comments and I will
leave you with one final thing this is
songs 80-65
for you Lord are good and ready to
forgive and abundant in mercy to all
those who call upon you so guys no
matter what you're going through in life
just like that Bible verse says call
upon the Lord Jesus is there for you he
loves you and wants to have a
relationship with you so seek him with
all of your heart and
promise you he promises you he will
answer have a great day guys and see you
back here tomorrow good
