I think he knows cuz I've been creeping
stuff and sleeping all the time
I know for sure
like last week an unsmiling super stags
like that was all her because like I've
learned what they didn't I thought I
wasn't pregnant
yeah but then like I look at symptoms
and it was like Oh true
I know I've been doing that like for the
past few days
here is a close view of the shirt did
she made did you just put these letters
on here or glue them or um it was like a
last minute kind of thing so I just like
I glued this that's fine here's an
up-close view of the test two wines
equals pregnant hey guys
yay this is insane how ya feelin hey I
don't know how to process like it's just
insane what in the world
daizy's very sympathetic I mean just
like shocked like to know like I was
telling brainy like when we kind of got
that feeling like you know when anything
like big happens in your life and you're
like when we were on relative race and
we won that moment where he's like you
have one relative race me and Brittany
were kind just like like it didn't hit
us it was like wait what this just
happened how do I handle this what do I
doing like inside of me is just like
jumping for joy and like I can't believe
it like Brit you're gonna be a mom it's
like yeah how does it hit me I know and
it's probably gonna hit us like
off-camera and I was like I don't know
if I should film but I think we should
film because this is a part of like the
memories but oh oh like we're gonna be
parents
dun-da-da-da oh my gosh god is so good
what a cool gift and blessing it is to
be able to be a parent and to take this
next step in life it's so scary but it's
so exciting like Brittany and I have
been together for nine years 10 years
we've been married for over three years
God has grown us and grown me and
Brittany individually so much in like
the past this 2017 has grown us and I
think he's been equipping us for this
next phase in life because life because
we're going to be raising a child a
child that is going to be on fire for
God and that is going to shake the earth
I'm just so pumped to like raise a child
like and it's like it's better for me to
you because now that I told you you mean
like I was like hiding it for honestly a
few days since we got back from Utah as
you guys saw the clip of me reacting I
was like is this a prank really
Brittany's made me a shirt before it
says non-gmo and then she knows like we
say dad all the time on our chance
dad oh this you made me a funny shirt I
can tell you were like super
disappointed oh you said hoodie and I
was like oh just surely and then it just
has this dad I was like wait I'm not a
dad's but wait we say dad I was like
wait is this a prank
just keep it ah and then I saw the
camera so what now you and Andrew are
gonna both be dad so where does that
this woman makes me so happy guys make
sure that when you are looking for
someone to date that you really just
seek after somebody you want to spend
the rest of your life with and go into
any dating situation with that you don't
just go around and sleep around just cuz
go into it with motivation to find
somebody you want to marry and spend the
rest of your life with what a gift it is
to be married and for me and Brittany I
think it's really a gift as well in
itself that me and Brittany never dated
anybody else in our lives we've never
kissed anybody we haven't had sex with
anybody else except each other like we
all our firsts were together and I think
that's I think that's so important
especially for all you young viewers out
there I'd say just save yourselves and
wait wait for that special person that
special moment
save yourself because that is how God
intended to be and I know he will reward
you for doing that and even if you have
you know made mistakes in the past God
is the God of love and he can redeem
that so there's just just a little
thought of the day for you guys but man
I don't know when to pause because I'm
just so shocked right now I'm so excited
like what is happening Brent like come
on I think like it's just like it hasn't
hit
I mean it's like it's helped now that
like you know but like I literally for
the past few days I'm just like I think
I am I think I am just like I don't know
like I don't know
okay guys we are now at our first
official appointment is that what this
is golf first OB appointment yes oh this
is crazy it's getting real now so not
sure what to expect but wow it's dark
are you nervous breath she's nine and
six that we should be able to hear I
think I literally just watch my I'm
sorry if I press too hard to please tell
me your favorite okay you're doing great
if we can't hear with the Doppler we can
step next door and take a little peek
sometimes like I said at this point it
can be a little tricky in between these
two sizes oh that's insane yeah
definitely it's some like Valkyrie years
what do we got here guys it's just a
little basic ultrasound machine so we
can see we visualized baby's heart now
what are you looking for we're gonna see
if we can visualize the heartbeat I'm
looking for the uterus sometimes when
this can't I know how babies hiding if
we can take a peek and see baby we're
babysitting we can usually you can see
the heart fluttering
oh wait I don't get much better than
this
see this hasn't totally good that's so
cool ease off that you upset for a while
I think babies just this way yeah yeah
it's not weird anyway right so that's
okay look look aside you can press the D
there it is tear into a Doppler for you
that's what this is so great do you hear
that that's your baby there you go
that makes it so that's why I began here
sometime so baby I do you ever feel much
morning sickness and Menasha throughout
the day but like she just said Wow
well there you have it guys yeah you're
probably like wow this came out of
nowhere
we've been like having keeping this a
secret for like a while now as you can
see like we said before what what a cool
gift life is from the moment of
conception there's science I actually
saw this video the moment conception
happens a flash of light happens just
this whole reality of us having a kid is
just even more of an evidence to how big
and how real God is and how creative he
is do you have any final words Britt I'm
so excited and yeah that's like anyway
even right now we're like currently in
our bed just because like it's been so
hard the past couple of
well past month because the morning
sickness hasn't really bad so like it's
hard when you get out of bed sometimes
I'm like let's just of it in bed yeah
cuz I can't get up and but I'm so
excited for this new journey and excited
for your dad vlogs real bad vlog I know
it's gonna be crazy because Andrew and
May are gonna be having the kids we're
having a kid and it's gonna be like a
whole different in a way channel now
because we have a whole new life ahead
of us taking care of your kids so I hope
I hope you guys are excited for this
ride and journey with us Brittany and I
are both posting this on social media
today so go follow us on Instagram we're
posting the pics you can check them out
we had a cool photo shoot with this this
whole announcement today so we wanted to
announce it today which is Halloween to
give this day a whole new meaning and
celebrate Halloween and I think another
video if you guys want to know why but
yeah I think it's kind of like I think
it's so form-fitting to though we're not
in a day life there's life there's lady
fun on a day where people will celebrate
the dead yep bottle guys that's all we
got for you we appreciate you
God loves you and we'll see you very
soon
goodbye
