hey guys how's it going today I'm doing
the what's in my bag video I'm beginning
requests out the wazoo to do this type
of video on my Instagram page like I
posted a picture of something and then
tons of people just wanted me to show
you guys what's in my bag I am so
excited to show you what's in my bag now
just know that this is how I always keep
my bag I don't really bring this around
that often I mean I travel and stuff but
this is a bag that I found then I do use
and it's probably one of my favorite
bags I'm not really organized or
anything so which I probably should be
more organized especially if I'm
bringing this background I want to be
able to get to stuff when I need to you
know so anyways the bag I'm using today
is a I'm not quite sure what brand this
is but I definitely know it's a designer
bag like use this to bring stuff to the
gym on vacations
it has about oh it has side pockets over
here which hold extra stuff a main
pocket we've got a front pocket right
here and then another side pocket so let
me tell you this thing can hold probably
a rhinoceros to be honest so trust me
it's really cheap and it's probably one
of my favorite bags that I have been
using on all of my vacations just really
wherever I go so let's uh let's see
what's in here
alright so the first thing you find when
you open my bag is this vlogger football
here occasionally I go to the poor if
I'm staying at a hotel
I like having some toys to throw around
you know this is very very very useful
for sure so I use that a lot next we
have like jello chocolate pudding
oftentimes when I'm using my bag I like
cooking things so jello definitely comes
in handy especially chocolate this is
really easy
be on the go all you need is some milk
and stuff so trust me you want some
jello wherever you go next thing I'm
having here
Wow what the heck is in here oh my gosh
there's a freaking Tim Packer in here
thumbnail or whatever these are just
freakin stab myself with this why did I
put these in here I keep this in here I
think just just note to self don't put
the thumbtacks in your bag because if
you're trying to reach for gum if you
have like a hot day near a restaurant
you ain't some onion caviar that might
stab you and embarrass you in front of
your date like you know you're eating
all the sudden
let me grab some gum so I can like have
good breath if we're gonna like kiss or
hug or whatever reach in your bag and
move dadgummit you just stab yourself in
this you're screaming like a big bitch
Ian and you probably lose your date so
that's beside the point like just don't
put those in your bag I hope you already
do that but currently I didn't start and
we have in here is a trouble board game
pen now this thing has been like a
lifesaver to me honestly going on road
trips plane trips playing games with
people next to me on the plane trust me
this thing is Wow like it literally is
just like the game
it has all the board pieces up here take
off the top and there right in there so
it's very useful for sure moving along I
also have some wood glue in here this
comes in handy whenever I'm in the
forest they usually go camping
I accidentally run into a tree or
something break off bark I like gluing
it back together because nature really
needs to just I know I like messing with
nature so I just definitely want to keep
this with me or if I break a chair but
this has definitely saved me a few times
I keep a hammer in here because this
I like keeping snacks in here so I keep
fluffy stuff cottontails this is cotton
candy pretty sure this is expired but I
keep this in here because sorry there's
bugs around yeah I think it came from
this but yeah this is a really good
snack on the road especially when you're
hiking it has a lot of calories and has
60 grams of sugar so the definitely get
up the mountain real quick okay so the
next thing I have is a body spray for
men this is Signature Collection very
high quality brand it's ocean smells
very good next I have a I keep a bag of
croutons in my bag because these are
very good on the go I like working out a
lot and these are full of just good
things they say they have herbs in here
in quality ingredients so these are just
good treats good treats to have on the
guilt which is very good because I get
hungry a lot and these are zesty crunchy
just perfect
okay you know I haven't had me in a
while and I don't think they're expired
well most of the things in my bag are
expired sell by January 3rd 2014
there ok let's have some because let's
take a look in here these are definitely
name-brand croutons you could find
probably at Italian garden or whatever
it's called all done here
I better stop eating the crouton sorrow
eat the hold a comeback okay oh I have a
camera in here guys I like vlogging a
lot as you can tell but this is a new
camera I think that just came out it's
called the AB the brownie movie camera
eight millimeters so guys this I wish I
could do a separate review on this
because it's amazing it has a scope here
for you can see who you're like filming
like if you're vlogging in public you
can like walk around big I'm filming
this this or yes but you can see that
you're on target of filming yourself but
it's done wonders for me I've done a lot
of great vlogs I think with this camera
actually a veneer I keep in here
everywhere right this is a portable
speaker whoa well not portable like you
plug it in here come here
usually if I'm on a business trip under
this in my movie
pull this out during the office set it
in front of them yeah I have a sphere
speakerphone let's begin the meeting
it's called the go groove so if you want
to impress your bosses ever make sure
you have this on the fly because it's
small it fits in here has a cord very
loud works well so let's have a mess a
cheat
oh gosh there's a fake spider I just got
the evening JB's this thing is I thought
it was real life like Scorpion King I
okay I put this in here because I
usually do pull pranks on my co-workers
or just anybody sitting on the plane
guys sleep and just drop that down his
blouse and it scares him pretty bad but
I haven't opened this bag in years it
seems like so I forgot the darn thing
was in there and scared me half to death
let's just move on before Anna Maria
happy oh yes okay I keep these in my bag
they're happy happy tattoos so okay here
this now I'm not really quite sure what
this is
oh we have some ground red pepper here
keep this in here just in case I have a
nice yummy meal on the go I have an iced
tea drink mix now I hope this is good
for you pretty sure this is a military
grade iced tea
it's actually really good
I think that's about wait I actually
have one more thing in here oh yes of
course
no threat like every person has to have
a black guy in their bags so I know
where he's going but always gonna keep a
black guy in your bag it really helps
out in most situations in life so it's
helped me out for sure so guys anyways I
think that's about it for what's in my
bag I hope you guys liked it yeah make
sure to follow me on Instagram and
Twitter and stuff like that you already
know and so you guys another time let me
know if you want me to do any other tags
as well probably gonna go like eat or do
other things thanks for watching we'll
see you guys later ok bye
