hey guys so for this video we have a
bunch of extra pranks that we wanted to
show you one of the pranks is we go out
in public with a dog toy and try and
scare people with it got a few of those
and and the other prank we went up to
people and awkwardly thanked them for
random things so it's it's pretty goofy
and I hope you like the video do you
know what toy it makes a better squeak
sorry
both marshmallows
how's it going I'm sorry I didn't scare
you it is certainly safe thank you so
much for being such a happy and good
family
oh you being such like a happy and good
family I just wanna say thank you just
wanted to say thanks for being such a
great farmer I mean it really is helping
out like yeah agriculture and stuff so
just want to say thanks yeah oh well I
thought you were a farmer no I die I
cool cuz I saw you come over with the
eggs well but yeah
alright see ya I shouldn't say thank you
for flushing the toilet earlier I don't
like going in the bathroom and stealing
you know giant logs in the toilet so I
thought of you thanks I mean I really
appreciate it I really do it's an honor
just kind of upset with you right now
bro why would I do you have to log in
there I said I did not you did that was
you bro no no no it was not me that was
Kevin
yeah sir I just wanted to thank you for
being a doctor and like saving lives and
just helping out people so I'm not a
doctor you're not oh well I thought you
said that on your shirt you're a chef I
feed people
oh wow I thought that meant like a
doctor no sorry
look mr. bubble well that's okay elite
well feeding people is just as important
without food we'd be who knows
I would agree we would be hungry we sure
would so thank you for that
hey it's a pop-up
