well hello we are cooking right now I
want to show you what we're coming
here's the meal I'm making right now
doesn't look as good as in person that
it has that ability driven person I mean
it looks better in person has peppers
onions green onions and chicken and your
has a coconut here oh yeah whoa I'm
gonna mix I'm gonna I was I'm inventing
a new food it looks so good I've never
actually tried like a raw coconut I'm
inventing a new way to cook chicken it's
been delicious
I promise here's a final product you
can't see but there's cheese in there I
made like a little fajita burrito and
you're still cutting up this coconut so
harder than I anticipated what do you
say about the taste the rock doesn't
really have much taste now let's try
this here water coconut water yes
anyways we are going to today our friend
dance house to get footage from
something we've been working on for a
really long time there's the hard drive
we're putting it on here it's for TV by
the way and that's all I'll tell you
right now
we also are delivering some fan mail
people sent us the letters if you saw
the fan mail blog so we're sending them
the letters back
and as you can see is still a bit slick
out folks
yucky Wow
you okay oh yes yeah
we've arrived but we don't know where
errors apartment is it's here somewhere
here's the view you're the perfect view
of the road if you want to live here
it's a stellar hey what do you know
where a King Soopers now we saw what did
we see online Oh an experiment you're
gonna try yes it's science but so we got
our ingredients active dry yeast for the
science experiment and hydrogen peroxide
yeah kids if you're gonna do this
experiment
please use parental supervision unless
you're in labor
yeah we'll show you just hold your
horses it's Ali all right we've stopped
we are starting the science experiment
guys we have the right ingredients we
have mixed the yeast science into the
water I don't know if this is the right
amount but hey I think we have is way
too much water but this is test one it's
a science experiment we have the
hydrogen peroxide we're gonna put it in
this bottle which we already put soap in
just a little squirt yeah the heavens
here to watch cuz he likes doing science
with us now now
we're following directions by the way
kids pour 50 milliliters of hydrogen
peroxide little faster would be
convenient it's not good
we need the yeast for this to happen oh
yeah we're gonna go outside not right
here kids if it blows up all right it's
freezing out here
okay we don't know if this is gonna work
but just are we ready for the gang here
we go
three I don't know how much you're gonna
pour though how much just like half er
just deliver more yeast
Wow yeah let's go
Janek let's go fix the proportions just
be safe okay you need parents if you're
very gallant apart we're professionals
this we're following directions are
using a different solution we're gonna
use a more proc Sykes I think the fail
blast or peroxide use less water more
yeast and by no means are we scientists
oh yes we'll see how this turns out
yes we're so yeah reading directions
didge you're doing it wrong you know
you're saying tests but I promise I'll
take a psych chocolate milk I promise
this time for science all right we're
gonna try it now Hey it's a pop-up this
is like oh you squeeze either I don't
ask you how do we get like an explosion
of it oh we don't oh that's cute well
see you later
on insane science experiment we learned
a lot today guys what what not
I just was hoping for a more intense
reaction but this is better than the
first try I guess thank you guys for
joining us for that science experiment
hope you learned a lot yeah we're going
to the gym now because gotta get that
workout in we're out our mailbox time to
deliver Ranger time deliver Andrew what
nature's goodbye letters we have a new
restaurant coming to our where we live
but they're taken forever you should
just be a bar but now they can bring
into a crappy bees pen night-night there
yeah brant a mile I'm bit sweaty as you
can see today's workout for me is biceps
and back if you guys want to know what I
do when I go them to the gym and my
schedule I can let you guys know baby in
the next video or something like that
but uh yeah I'm just trying to stick
with the schedule go Monday through
Friday get a good workout in and just
eat healthier Andrew right now is riding
the bike preparing for his triathlon
which is gonna be insane by back from
the gym and you always gotta have a
protein after you workout I just have
something chilly which doesn't believe
that much protein but I had an egg
because that is good protein but I if
you have protein powder that's probably
recommended which I need get but you got
to work with what you have you know what
I mean Baine ways thanks for watching
today's vlog and we'll see you guys
tomorrow okay what the heck
