what are you talking about I haven't
called trippy I'm here by myself why
would I call 14 pieces somebody's either
pranking yet or you guys got the wrong
address but I didn't call for any pizza
but he's been paid for these pizzas
well she's not gonna oh yeah well how
many are fired if I come back with 15
pizzas
bitch maybe some you know spend a minute
sir to be 8 of 14 pizzas from Pizza I
know I'm sorry
yeah I just get fired for bringing out
all these pizzas I understand I'm all
right yeah I got 14 pieces here for all
those pictures delivered yeah James I
imagine this is for themselves
it's a pizza a pizza food I think
they're mixed up
well come and tell them I address the
telephone number
oh you guys sit over there you know the
14 pizzas for anybody else in the
household in a dress
I guess cuz this is like the fifth time
I've messed up this week my boss is
gonna blast me or something so this is
not your pizzas okay you sure you want
to buy them I mean yeah no I'm having a
dinner party I'm in the middle of
cooking dinner party maybe no it's a
prank or something was it uh look let's
see this is Greg 42 hours and 32 cents
and they just to pay for them cuz I I
might get fired if I come back with the
pizzas I'm sorry you have no idea what
it's even about it hey do all I pay for
half of them maybe no I don't really
like s I'll just go get fired I have no
idea what you're talking about no you
promised you didn't order these I can't
promise you I didn't know any of them I
just bailed in my car I have any idea if
you're talking about their pizzas that's
right wonder maybe you have some kind of
party or something but I don't know what
to do with them now I don't either
I keep
I'm sure if I come back with 14 pizzas
my boss is gonna blast me I know what to
tell you man
