hey guys what's up we all right Andrew's
house right now
we're going to the mall cuz he needs to
get my snowboarding jacket I had to
order it from zoomies and they got it so
he's bringing me along for some reason
oh yeah this is a good time to vlog I
thought okay that's cool years we saw
fireworks oh that's that's Aaron hey
Paul yeah we're going to a Colmes house
we're having spaghetti they're making
spaghetti and garlic bread and carrot
cake so I'm calling cuz you know you
can't pass up free food yeah aunty yeah
you'll see everybody goes welcome to the
mall the place where all high school
teenage girls come to walk around too
much swag and were super cool kinda
always awkward walking around filming
ourselves in the mall but oh well
whatever too much swag and I'm super
cool
this is cousteau in the mouth we're the
zuni's right now I just got a sweatshirt
whatever oh yeah his brother got him
that is still fresh nation move French
nation what up you're in the woods
you'll blend in so we'll never be able
to find you when your snowboard has to
point wrong what brand is it again oh
yeah aperture that's it nice Hey mindful
that we are like twins accept different
styles now we need to go snowboarding
together because I have the aperture
brand too so we're gonna go snowboarding
sometime now as you can see we're at
King Soopers because we're picking up
some french bread for the party tonight
it's not a party but it's a dinner
get-together
a dollar 79 for this bad boy of hot
fresh-baked bread
do we have to you guys wanna smell it it
does smell good I'm gonna say just have
a wick this could be something simpler
you could even give to homeless people
like a buck 79 for this giant loaf of
bread lots of calories it may be some
meat so like a buck seventy nine plus
five bucks burn up three bucks for some
meat you got a good meal yeah you know
one thing I don't like about this time
of the year January and all these months
how soon it gets dark outside like I
hate how like look at look at it outside
now it's like yeah it's only five
o'clock and look how dark it is so I
don't know that's just that's my
thoughts of the whole situation I don't
know about you guys but I love and
summer when it's like it stays really
bright out to like nine or something oh
it just brings back good old memories of
hanging at the house and going outside
and play basketball all my neighborhood
friends and stuff it's good times for
sure but now like when it gets darkness
early it's like depressing it feels like
no no maybe it's just me but I feel like
a lot of people feel the same way so we
have arrived at Cole T spouse if I look
at Jesse's cool car by the way it's
pretty awesome but yeah we're here at
Colts house in the middle of the forest
I don't know if we have to shut the gate
or nothing it's pretty smelly out here
it's not snowy like this wheeler no no
we are back here with the Bros culty
Colton Jesse and Jesse and he is fancy
up today yard keep doing over here back
that's me and a nice bread we did that
all by ourselves
we're makin carrots that's very healthy
of us know me it's just Karen's behind
as she just scooter like you boy you you
know we're making bread balls were
filled with carrots right I'm gonna swap
just like a hug yeah well it's coasters
grandma's grandma Lowe's special garlic
salad what are you saying I'm just
telling the facts okay we're making
garlic bread I've never made like this
poor us was really a co-pilot yeah how's
it gone right let's taste it
that must be good look at this guy's
it's home and letter that's very rude
and very crappy ungrateful playing some
card games now it's a fun game your
friends like we are yeah guys starts
name is Bill Nye the Science blob he's
really skilled
ouch the dog doesn't like the word out
smashing of cameraman right there I
believe you me to you first pool
oh it is the morning is my hair
beautiful it is hey fellas this hair is
the same absolutely Colton what are we
making for breakfast today I'm holding
here less of what's on the breakfast
menu
I got a weird taco folks you heard from
the man himself let's take a look I was
expecting hash browns not those neutrals
who's ready for a weird taco made by
Colton look like a nutty science
professor but anyways and we have the
weird taco the meat and here hands and
guac and sour cream and hash browns oh
shoot I forgot my drink
dude I'm leaving would you say cold
that's no green Tabasco already well I'm
back home and that was a pretty eventful
night I guess it's always good getting
together with Bros and chilling out so I
had a pretty good time post an Instagram
picture of all of us hanging out
together for lunch of outs on Instagram
too yeah guys thanks for watching
today's vlog and we're hope you're
having a good new year so far cuz I know
I sure AM I'll be probably filming the
my resolutions here soon I think it's
good to talk about resolutions so I
wanted to I'm gonna be filming a video
talking about it and stuff so being like
ever that's soon and yeah we'll see you
next time goodbye
to our chocolate hazelnut chocolate dark
chocolate and then they have here milk
yeah these are definitely firm here
because I heard
