yo what up guys it is a beautiful day
here in Colorado even though there's
snow out it's still I don't know it's
kind of nice but yeah today I'm here at
my parents house again for New Year's
and right now I'm going to check the
mail actually cuz we have our peel box
down here and some of you guys have told
us that you've sent us some mail so hey
I better go check it and show everybody
what you sent so let's go also uh every
time I get in the car you know I like
everybody else I love jamming out to
music so I'm excited cuz I got a bunch
of new songs and I don't know what music
you guys like but I like kind of the
hardcore genre easy core I really like
everything but the new music I got if
you wanted to check it out I got the
animal on me their new CD it's like it's
weird cuz that band they're like they're
a screamo band hardcore band but the
singer is a girl so it's really good I
have the breakdown of sanity's new album
city lights I'm sure a lot of you know
who they are they're kind of an easy
Korb and they don't scream or anything
they sing and they're really just kind
of punky so I mean I like them they had
a new album just come out so I got that
for today they're Christian hardcore
band I'm I don't know if any would you
do I don't know if any of you would like
that kind of music but I got that and in
her own words new album as you all know
I really like that band and they got a
new singer and stuff so I know it's been
interesting listening to how they've
changed yeah in her own words they're
cool here's their one of their songs
just I'll play a second
getting off track here probably go to
the mailbox now so let's go all right
whoever I have so let's go take a look
oh my gosh I was not expecting this okay
this is crazy okay we have never got
that much mail at once so like right now
I just feel I don't know really happy of
myself
you guys actually are sending us stuff
we got this key here so it must be a
bigger package or something so let's go
find 82 I open the box and it goes in
there Yuka what it's just awesome
knowing that you guys like like our
channels that much to send us mail
alright so I just got back in the car
like I haven't even opened up yen I'm
already just like I feel like happy just
thinking about it just really means so
much to know that people like ya spent
time out of their day to do something
like this for us I mean I don't know I
just it's really cool we really
appreciate that kind of support even if
you guys never send us anything cuz I
never expect anyone to send us anything
because I mean people for people to send
us something like this it's just a bonus
because I just appreciate people
watching our videos and commenting and
me reading the comments and stuff but we
appreciate every single person who
watches our videos and and anyone who
calls them selves a fan of us so I mean
that's that's just one of the reasons
why I like making videos doing daily
vlogs and pranks is just to know that
there's cool people out there who like
to watch what I like to post on the
Internet
alright so I just came outside because
this little it's so nice out today I
want to open them inside
it's a little loud and all the families
in there but yeah I just wanted to open
them and read what some of you guys sent
us so the first letter is from Abby Wow
would you look at that another cool
drawings one Justin and Andrew I found
out about you guys when I watched the
prank call video you did with Colin's
key and it was probably the best thing
that ever happened to me
call hey who's barking over there I'm
trying to read a ladder at K breath I
used to watch a lot of every other
youtubers but what bugged me was how
much they cussed and said inappropriate
things I'm so glad I found your channel
because I don't have to worry about
hearing any cussing from you guys I love
how you guys post vlogs almost every day
because he gives me another thing to
look forward to she said I would love it
if you followed me on Instagram
Abby I will follow you on Instagram
right now since she sent a return letter
Abby will be writing you back and
following you on Instagram like you
asked so just look for that in the mail
with a letter this letters from Daniel
and I think we've actually got a letter
from Daniel before hey guys I'm a huge
fan I would love to get an autograph
from each member of the team I would
appreciate it greatly
thanks so much okay so yeah Daniel just
send us this he wants us to sign it so
Daniel we will do just that for you
Annie were sent a return letter too so
it makes this makes it very easy for us
to do that so thanks Daniel ah
says who a it's another letter here
thank you guys for being the best
youtubers on the planet he also included
a little thing here that he wants us to
sign so b-dawg I will sign that here
with Andrew and send that right back to
you bruh oh it's from Brooke I think
they're siblings and they sent letters
to us keep doing all that you do and do
not please turn out like Miley not
saying you will you're talking about
Miley Cyrus because
yeah I'm pretty sure you don't have to
worry about us turning into Miley Cyrus
and we will do that for you Brooke and
Brandon because you guys are awesome
thank you for sending us these letters
this is a picture of me and my friends
Nick and Eric oh you guys are awesome
look at you guys are out there Oh what
is this is this a bird that is sweet
Emily we can do that for you as well
yeah but guys feel free if you guys ever
want us to send you back something just
send us a letter - and we gladly return
the favor
let's see all my heavens horray Oh My
heavens Alexis how did you draw that
with all those killers thank you
I'm gonna hang that right there up on my
wall to remind me to always Hawaii the
sisters there 14 years old they wanted
to say that we are amazing and very
talented my parents even loved watching
your videos we all loved watching on
Nickelodeon it's nice to see that you
guys share God's love and put him first
and I thank you for keeping your videos
clean it's hard to find that now so
thank you very much Alexis and Lexie yes
I have to talk to you guys on Twitter
before so you guys are awesome yeah a
letter from Haley I remember when I
started watching her videos and I
started to say Hawaii a lot
speaking of Hawaii Justin you refined my
vine about Hawaii with my friends how
she turn now pecks you down down oh
that's so good alright we got this
letter here from Jacob whoa he's got
some graffiti going on here guys look at
that is that my name so oh that's Andy
Andy Justin whoo hey guys you're the
best every time I'm on YouTube I was I'm
always so bored so I look at my
subscribe list see most more J's to JCC
is and goof goof goof squad gaming and I
click on that and you guys are always
funny keep up the good videos in Hawaii
thank you for the cool drawing and the
return letter
I'll send you something to follow you so
this is very folded up whoever sent this
so greg did Christmas sloth whenever I
feel cooped I feel like blowing up I go
to JC's do this tree laughter what is a
big part of my life I say it takes up
Maxis 96% of your love of my life
Payton all will definitely write you
back in Aubrey right back yeah I'll
definitely write back an autograph so
thank you for sending this letter right
in last but not least we have this big
box whoa Justin Andra I wanted to wish
you a very Merry Christmas these are
some European candies for you guys I
used to always have them back in my
country for Christmas thank you very
much for the card I hope I'm pronouncing
your name right dad des Eaux doesn't but
guys apparently this is European candy
it's called Ritter sport milk chocolate
with whole hazelnuts and it says they
are made with natural ingredients a
toffee crunch
well toffee crunch I won't try them
right now cuz I'll wait I'll wait for
Andrew but we will try them in a vlog
future vlogs so just stay tuned okay
that's very very very kind of you
anyways guys I hope this wasn't boring
for you I just want to make sure that I
filmed all of the letters that we got
because I know that's why I like like
not getting too many letters because I
have the chance to film at all thank you
guys personally on camera and I just
think it's way cooler thank you guys
again for sending us really nice letters
I don't know I really didn't make my day
so thank you 2014 is almost here and I'm
gonna make like a resolutions video so
I'll probably put that soon so thanks
for watching and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
