hello guys so today me and Andrea went
just went to the dollar store and bought
some presents for our new Santa giving
prank and we are wrapping them at the
moment also yeah we just bought some
simple clear presents for people this
one there's a coffee mug with some
popcorn Tupperware
some suckers we have some flowers over
there as well we already had bagged some
stuff but yeah we're gonna go dress up
like Santa and elves and give people
cold pressing secretly those for this
would be a good video if not it's okay
because this is good to give back to
people hey guys it's me Shea - whoa and
this is my ELF partner buddy now man if
that actually was alright so we're here
at Target and here's our new car setup
we got the camera in here come all our
stuff back here some flowers ooh yeah
look how far we can zoom that's where we
just put the present nice so rate right
here and sometimes we just sit here for
a while waiting for them to come back
like the last lady we just waited like
seemed like 25 minutes probably right
yeah that's good oh and that guy right
here ah we went and put the President on
the car and he was looking he was
watching us do it but he's been here the
whole time sitting in his car on the
phone and the president that we the
first clip we got we put it on a car
like that so he saw the present there
and he just saw us do that so he's like
hey you guys did the same in the clip to
the first clip he's like someone left a
present for you guys yeah Frank
sometimes time-consuming but it's so
worth it because I it's just cool seeing
people open their presents
now now we're just waiting right looking
we can't really see much now Justin's
job is to make to go out and see you in
the aisle coming right yeah oh another
problem is the lighting too oh yeah we
had perfect sunlight and then like took
them forever to come back out but we did
get it
okay the Lighting's still good we still
got a little bit just hopefully it
doesn't get dark why they get it well
before they get out of here hope I did
he saw it was happy
do you guys the Lighting's getting even
more dark than this car still here what
does she think it's like some sort of
device that's gonna explode what are
they doing it's for them guys see this
is why we can't have nice things
people just take for granted the
presence we give them someone else see
they put on their car we didn't put it
on their car okay I think we were that
like mean even they even read the note
which says here's your early Christmas
present no thanks I'll put on someone
else's cause early Christmas present you
guys are awesome yeah it says you're
awesome Merry Christmas oh my gosh it's
a bomb let's put it on someone else's
car then
yeah they turn their lights off I'm not
really sure what they're doing
hahaha yeah I'll show the letter here
are some early prisons for you hope you
have a great day
you are awesome from Santa see what we
have to deal with sometimes guys stuff
like this you can't get a good clip
because people won't accept a gift down
through the chimney with old st. Nick
that's me perfect music to sit in the
traffic dressed as Santa Claus yeah okay
we've been sitting in here forever
probably like 30 minutes waiting for
these people to come out like this
still dad come on getting a frustrated
just gave me flushed waiting at the
perfect spot we could see them perfectly
but they ain't coming they got lost or
something I'm losing my mind I won't
talk about please please get nervous
please please this is probably the most
time-consuming video we've ever done
hope you're happy
oh yeah we got the family and now we're
on to the next person which is right
here what I think I'm just sitting here
listening to music
trying to keep entertained I'm gonna get
food soon not Andrew though I'm your dad
please dad I'm starving
no what do you do something to deserve
it
Oh
they were looking at the president and
smiling but I didn't get it guys sabe
someone's slacking on the job I was
supposed to film him hey guys I look
like a bag of sand right now anyways I'm
back of my parents house and I'm trying
to be quiet because everyone's sleeping
and I'm up here in the kitchen and it's
right better around so anyways I wanted
to end the vlog here because yeah we
didn't really film anything else after
that so my pants hope you guys liked
this vlog and hope you guys like the
actual video that's not her main channel
if you haven't seen it I will leave a
link at the end and in the description
we have leave a comment that I guess
know if you like this type of video like
I know we usually do goofy pranks but
every now and then me and you're like
doing a kind of like nice kind of videos
so if you like that kind of stuff that
we're doing let us know in the comments
because we'd love to hear your thoughts
on our recent videos so yeah well good
bye
