whoa hello guys today what is our party
and as you can see we clean the whole
house Wow we did this look how clean it
is
this is a rare occasion so yeah we're
just waiting for the guests to come we
need to go give our guest list of the
front oh yeah and we're gonna be doing
white elephant tonight we have some
gifts playing some games
Christmas music food this is like the
start of something great I think Mary is
technically the first guest here but
we'll see who comes I think we have like
12 people here right that's a good
number I mean since our apartments not a
huge mansion yeah
Merry Christmas we're making cookies in
here apparently okay what kind of
cookies chocolate shoot yes I'm good I
made it myself
we were setting up our photo booth look
at the cool yeah
Seth is here yeah it's very Christmas
well Kevin's here don't look at this
presence and the best part of the whole
experience
wow this fire is so warm oh it's fake
cuz huggers cheap floating the party's
arrived hello Aidan and there's bringing
in to Shara hi and Kate Oh sassy set
sample food guys what was that stupid
thing you're doing you guys want some
pizza
well you want some of my pizza you can't
have it bitches
you have at least ten in seconds
I will apparently
Vince Gill pokemon cards finally here's
all the food that came in this beverage
cutter a per jelly on houses meatloaf
with brown onion gravy I don't know how
I feel about this we got to try it
though here's a vinyl Kevin's not happy
he got this Steve Wozniak matrix what
that's up Raven Raven Symone Oh
dr. Z
zebra horse looks like the party's
ending Andrew
yeah well the party went from like oh
it's about 11 o'clock everyone's cleared
out we got rid of our patient reboard
big baby k is over please do rap again
he's made a sound really regularly and
on a log I'm gonna head up later on Jase
why don't you bring all this stuff down
to the springs but I'm bringing the
camera down that's okay going down
tomorrow don't feel like driving right
now it's been a good party glad you guys
could join us
I think of a the funniest
