so cool Chuck chick-fil-a and forks man
you can't go wrong
hey guys welcome back to more Jase do we
have a special fort video for you guys
today our first ever play place for it
so we're here at chick-fil-a we're going
to be dressing up like construction
workers we're gonna make some upgrades
make it a better tone so let's go
outside and see what we can do here we
are guys
chick-fil-a is clear it looks like all
of our construction gear and some things
that wait just check this out I know so
what did you bring we got the TV with
the PlayStation so this is gonna be a
gaming yeah
extravaganza looks like there are
several different rooms in here so we'll
make one room like gaming room will make
another like a snack room got the
sleeping bag for lounging around okay
workers now yeah and it's really cool
that management here at chick-fil-a is
letting us build a fort in the play
place I know I don't know but these
customers are gonna be very confused
yeah as you guys can see the glass here
is huge
so come over here
Oh bah so we're gonna use it to make
like a box fort wall as well maybe yes I
mean oh yeah we're construction workers
yeah we want to like do our work in
secret for a big reveal later right Oh
so should we start on the wall first or
go through the thing and take a look
yeah maybe we should give a quick tour
okay oh man maybe we but we look like
construction workers don't forget that
oh we're doing repairs because the
baby's broken okay
huge room this is this is a slide I
think yeah yeah so this is like a race
car and then then it's um I don't know
if this is a car too but oh we got to
figure out what you want to make the
gaming HQ true I can clearly see how in
the eating area but maybe one thing we
should do as construction workers is
like wd-40 this whole slide you're going
way too fast bro another you better move
kind of got to figure out what we want
to do is these boxes yeah thinking like
start them over here something like that
there's so many options guys
Oh
don't worry guys we're making
guys how awesome is this they have so
many of these boxes and they're letting
us use so we're making like the ultimate
box for playground that I know this
hasn't been done before so this is like
insane so what we're doing is we're
building up this huge wall blocking the
windows and blocking this entrance so
you have to come this way
sneak around either after crawl under
here or go this way to get in deep
looking at me who the car yeah they're
both just what's going yeah that's the
thing all the customers have no idea
what we're doing along with the
customers we're not sure which employees
actually know either
so good weekend funny yeah it's fun
either way because we're trying to avoid
being spotted by customers being too
suspicious but looks like we've already
been spotted we got to move all of our
stuff into the fort and make a gaming
studio and hang out zone all the stuff
but first we want to tell you about why
this fort is so epic to begin with so
yes so the reason why we're doing this
is we're teaming up with chick-fil-a and
the charity here at the Garden of the
Gods location just check it out right
here
escape for free chicken event coming up
here on the 4th of November from 10:00
p.m. to midnight we're gonna be here
basically it's this skate event where
you come out here you register you try
to raise money for this charity called
angels of America's fallen which helps
the kids and families of like military
fire department police and so basically
it's this awesome event where we help
give back to families and do good while
skating having fun yeah so you can win
free chicken for a year by doing that
but also if you're not in Colorado you
can go here check this out
we've got our own custom you guys go to
this link and you can donate directly
and this will all go to the charity we
are also gonna give away 10 signed
posters just randomly to people who
donate and one of you is gonna get a
phone call from us so all the more
reason to donate we just want to make
the world a better place all right now
let's build yeah got this a hundred foot
extension cord because like intra
mentioned earlier
we got the PlayStation and the TV we
need power yes whoa this is gonna be fun
I know many spy holes hello decorations
yeah white-ass give me the best now I'm
gonna open up the comfort zone
I love comfort zone who's getting hungry
for food as well I am starving let's get
this set up and then we gotta go on a
secret co-op mission and get some food I
love co-op missions me too they have
Wi-Fi here so we're gonna see if we can
play video games online
we've never done that before the most
important the cord this is a hundred
foot cord so we should have no problem
reaching before we get food got to make
sure power is working well PlayStation
work this is the best gaming setup just
please say yes yes we got a nice view of
the road as well whoa yes so cool
food okay at least we know this works
now lights what we also want to try and
do is get like a tarp or some sort of
blanket that we can block off all these
windows then imagine how dark and cool
would be different lights and everything
whoa you actually go way faster that way
backwards
get food secretly ah see Oh new slide
hack tell them other construction boys
we're very hungry for breakfast okay
also wipe out germs yeah oh yeah no
let's put it out here they won't be able
to see it now they know where to
delivery thank you so much this looks
good I'm so excited because I'm pretty
hungry
yes very good there's got half-bath
chicken eggs I mean you really work up
an appetite do construction work
you're telling me boss somebody's over
there
he just peeked in what's he doing I
don't think he noticed we were up here
uh-huh I'm going down okay what see this
is just the fastest most efficient way
out of this fort don't spill it boy okay
yeah one bike
no I see all the employees more
employees keep showing up yeah and
they're having a meeting over there okay
yeah look what we got we also got some
tablecloths so like we said we're gonna
block off all the life cuz we're gonna
start in here open up let's see what we
can do we got tape as well
there you go okay we got this wall piece
installed now it's time to hang up the
lights and get some fun vibes in here
like ya round like that alright we have
one more tarp and we have a cool spot
for it we think yeah kind of like making
it a cool entrance yes just you have
like a wall here the only way in is
right here so if you block it off then
we have a fully enclosed fort
I like this addition yay oh let's see
what you look like in the mirror what oh
wow we're gonna tweet chick-fil-a some
funny pics from inside our fort you know
chick-fil-a PlayStation Plus TV plus
Christmas lights in the play place
equals best fort in existence oh yes I
included four pics yeah so we'll let you
guys know if if they reply go retweet
our tweets and what's trying to see if
they notice the thing is time to try the
PlayStation I know we haven't done it
yet
gear up boys it's Tavor to Gabby
yeah so this is the gaming room it's
basically one player and then this is
like the viewing lounge yeah we're gonna
try and see if we can play fortnight
yeah if the Wi-Fi is good otherwise we
got some
soccer no way we're literally yes a
matchmaking thing online from blame
fortnight in a there checking out the
fort so what do you guys think nice is
it tacular yeah yeah it's the best way
to get down ha ha wait dude there's some
me what dude big chicken
did you buy a house out there huh huh
he's peeking in come on in is he coming
what whoa go go down hurry
whoa what the cow yeah welcome to the
fort cow I don't think you can fit up in
the fort unfortunately the first-ever
caltrak yeah or you gotta help it a
little out close don't get stuck yeah
don't bunk your head it's kind of our
low area I already did that once he's
kind of like our guard dog think anybody
comes in here that we don't
to come in yeah bye dance party with the
calendar as we're taking a quick little
break from the fort because we are here
with Joe from the actual charity that
chick-fil-a teaming up with and we just
wanted you to you know tell our audience
about what you do and your heart for why
you started up this organization I
started angels of America's fallen
because after serving in the military
for 22 years and retiring I lost friends
and every branch of the service and the
common thing was they were really great
guys that had really young kids and I
was concerned what we were doing for
them while they were kids
the crucial formative years wanted to
make sure that we give them positive
outlets for their grief so they stay on
track and make it become successful
adults mm-hmm so you guys seriously go
check out their website and like we
mentioned earlier everything donated
through you guys through our Crowdrise
is going directly to that organization
so how many kids are on the waiting list
you have the program we have over 300
kids on the waiting list right now man
so as soon as you donate those kids yeah
they're directly impacted so angels of
America's fallen so guys we have a guest
a new guest this time I love yes he has
his own camera and he's with the news I
think he's coming up to interview us
this is the world's best news like
interview inside a play but first ever
knew that's awesome so tell me what you
guys did here chick-fil-a
so chick-fil-a here is letting us build
a fort in their play place and I mean
this is our set up you got like a gaming
studio in here like a chill lounge
got some lights and they have this
skate-a-thon thing coming up on the 4th
and we're here supporting the event and
the age the charity that they got teamed
up with so out here for a good cause
okay so guys now we're here with kr do
ABC channel 13 did you have any idea
we'd be interviewed by two news stations
no idea but you know what our four is
always welcome to guests and visitors so
yeah so come on in welcome to our humble
abode
this will be the highlight of the day
for you I suppose any time you chuck
chick-fil-a and forts Mandy can he can't
go wrong so win-win all right guys this
has been the most eventful crazy Ford
we've done I know why oh my goodness
we've never had the news station come
into a fort before with us was really
fun a lot of firsts all around but Logie
mentioned in the beginning of the video
you guys go check out the website the
link in the description right below this
is what it looks like you just click
that link go donate let's try and raise
as much money as we can yeah and you
could win a signed poster from us maybe
even a phone call so there's win-wins
everywhere yeah and leave a like cuz
we're we've been loving doing these
forts and we're excited to do some more
also we're gonna be at the skate-a-thon
what day is that Saturday yeah number
fourth so if you guys want to come skate
with us we'll be there
the details are in the description so if
you live here in Colorado we'll see you
there and yeah we'll see you guys next
time peace yeah goodbye
