what is going on fellas today me manager
wanted to sit down and show you guys
some of the fan mail we have received
over the past two years
whoa but I want to be what started this
video is because we just opened a new
p.o box and our first letter just came
and it's from autumn and so we've always
kept like all this fan mail that we've
received and we got some cool stuff to
show you guys here's some letters
writers they usually send us like
letters and say hey can you write us
back or they'll send a picture and wants
to sign usually will write back if you
give us like an envelope to send back
and we'll not so this is quite a yeah
we've also received like one one time I
don't think I have the leaf will this
one girl send us a 24 pound box of candy
that's not here anymore now there's a
lot of kiemce this one take a while to
is every other letter or word I mean it
is a different color so I would take
thank you
Annie she drew all over this look at
that it says like are basically words
pretty cool then then Rachel got some
really cool drawings by Rachel
says what ain't in cool colors and then
you know some more boy hey we've got a
lot of the boy you guys are artists out
there like wow this should go up in the
museum
oh wait Museum of Zorn's I'd be good
with different colors on it that's very
cool and twitter twitter inheritance to
them on the back so that's from a Morgan
and Caroline oh yeah I thought this one
is really cool because they spend a lot
of time drawing this Morgan yeah Morgan
drew this look at that like she got it
down to a tee like I used to always wear
that still thin sometimes what else
there's Jacob Danny it's a suit yeah see
we're falling in the store Andrews
filming right here and then I'm
following a Jacob is I don't know what
he's doing but this person typed it up
that's kind of cool short and sweet
but that's alright to the point to the
point I like your videos another hole
hey get a lot of easy snow you'll see a
bunch of another colorful letter cool
Greg the sloth when the salmon I made
the decision Greg would look better not
colored considering it would be me who
would color him so maybe we were
supposed to call her Hamlet
it's okay he does look kind of cool not
colored
this is so pretty okay now this was
legit whoever did this knows how to do
graffiti or something
oh that dancing babe on Twitter I think
I followed her because she sent this
that's like Joel says put a for Jason to
studios but yes yes
now this one's typed up - it's from
Casey she said she's a huge fan of ours
we're super funny I'm always checking
YouTube for new video updates now if I'm
ever feeling sad I just think about her
watch Jace do studios
well Casey I'm glad you come to our
videos for a good entertainment fun
if your little person I think that's one
of us all right Andrew yeah geez or it
could be a fan I heart JC Studios here
in a letter but just at the bottom again
it says PS if you could send the
pictures autograph back to us that
address is on the envelope that would be
awesome thank you so much guys
and I'm pretty sure we did it was like a
picture of us with chocolate sauce
pretty cool I think I started the
Christmas card song from last year with
Cali sent us a cool Christmas card
- Jason studios have a great Christmas
send all the way from England whoa that
is hello thank you again for the
Christmas card it's like perfect and for
Inc with Greg the sloth up there that's
cute that is cute I just wanna show you
this picture that I came across when we
were looking at our fan mail box that's
the picture of me and Justin have no
idea how long ago that was but we were
playing basketball we were on the same
basketball team so yeah I was pretty
tiny
he was very tiny by the way Julia Leto
sent this I don't know if I'm saying
that right buddy there's another drawing
of me Jacob and Andrew very good I think
I was - that usually we post like if
people send us cool drawings we post on
Twitter or something she could I
apologize for some awful handwriting in
advance when her handwriting is actually
really good but if part of the letter
says you guys are amazing you always
make me laugh it's not just that you
guys are funny but your awesome role
models if you break something during
your pranks do right thing and buy it
you guys don't do pranks like gallon
smashing that make a mess at the store
and you guys don't swear you don't leave
a message here from a fan I'm gonna read
the end though oh we trudged home with
our full backpacks not ready for the
work but that's okay need no fear Jase
do studios is live and it melts away
there's nothing better at the end of the
day for laughter doesn't get a break
during this precious time so thank you
Jason to Studios for being the best
thing in our
I'm gonna cry I'm not really sure if
that was supposed to be a poem or a
rhyme there's dirt of a general but I
wanted to save this one for life because
I thought this one was so cool and this
person Melissa
spent so much time making it it's called
the book of interesting stories and look
it's like actually like a book but it's
actually really funny
she made a story about us in the zoo
with Greg the sloth and falling and
espenak says last night went to the zoo
he actually met Greg this lon
his name is Greg he is a sloth yeah the
waiter told him that they just brought
in a fresh batch of clams my cousin
decided to order the clams when they
brought the clams out she opened up the
first clam
let's just guess what happened and out
pops the cookie lalalalala and that's
the cookie out of the clam we have this
book to read to our grandchildren now
Miletus thank you supposed to smell like
chocolate
I think she wrote it in my flavor pens
yeah I'm pretty sure it used to smell
like chocolate but since like the
airwaves have like infected it for a
while because the verse sentence says we
love your videos so much and we decide
to write you a letter again Thanks
and at the bottom it just says PS our
mom loves your videos too just goes to
show you that anybody can like comedy
right yeah
here is our new peel box freeze-frame
you can pause it and stave it off right
there it'll be sent right to our peel
box and we'll check it out and whenever
we do is vlogs and whenever you go to
peel box will check on let me show you
what we got and yeah I just want to say
thank you to everybody who has sent us
any sort of fan mail you read everything
and we have everything and we eat
everything thanks also for being
subscribed to this channel okay yeah
ha ha and what see you guys later hat
also hey you guys I know you're watching
this click the thumbs up button usually
I don't know it's interesting seeing how
many like thumbs up we get usually we
get around 200 to 300 but let's see yeah
now that I'm telling you to click thumbs
up let's see how many of this likes this
game yes
what's trial Dooley's get 500 whoa
last time we did a challenge or I give
our vlog got a thousand likes who are
gonna do the prank or whatever that was
the number one comment on the video oh
yeah so we'll do that again but not this
much yeah maybe next time but I mean
it's cool seeing like interaction like
you I've YouTube channel that I watch
people's videos but I don't always
comment or at least thumbs up we're
gonna see like how many people like
watch the video but don't click thumbs
up so if usually don't click thumbs up
see ya just click on this one please you
guys remember that in our prank they do
telling people we're thankful for them
yeah he sent by his guy and I think I
make afraid he did that I don't know
what he's doing just kidding naturally
you can do it a - now if you're in class
he answer a question yeah I know the
answer enters five any situation so how
was your day at school son
it's pretty good this is dragging on
sorry sorry bye I'll see you later peace
out bros see ya
Oh
