yeah hi Lisa
this is a ruby calling about your laptop
of sorts yeah now I had a few questions
about it I wanted to buy it for my son
and if I bought that it says you guys
will include the rotisserie chicken or
whatever that says at the bottom it says
at the bottom of the page if I do pick
it up like tomorrow I think is that what
it says yeah well I don't know I'm
looking here on the page and it says
rotisserie chicken included I don't know
if that was just an error because my son
actually loves your Otis berry chicken
so that's why I was interested my screen
it looks like it you're not like pulling
my leg here are you include Microsoft
Office 2013 installed Word Excel
PowerPoint publisher nice carrying case
what is that oh that says charger
brand-new oh well that's okay I guess
I guess I will have to think about that
then for sure like so $800 with all this
included no chicken
hello guys hope you liked that prank
call but uh being injured in vlog like
0% over the weekend and sorry we've been
like delaying on vlogs we can't go over
what we did yeah here you told me you
did okay so over the weekend my family
and Mary and another friend of ours we
went to the mountains in Breckenridge
for this due to or if you don't know
what do tour is it's like I guess kind
of like winter x-games but I think it's
an Olympic qualifier so some pretty good
people there to be honest so we just
spent the weekend in the mountains
snowboarding and yeah I brought the
camera I just didn't feel like vlogging
so sorry I'm eating pizza now but I was
in the springs I got Jake up my fiance
went to my grandma's for dinner and we
just haven't been on top of things
usually when we're not like together
sometimes we just I guess I don't know
what happens but but yeah we're back up
here in our apartment and so we're gonna
be blogging okay hope you're happy but
also at the end of this week on Saturday
we're having a Christmas party here so
we're playing Oh
Friday sorry we're gonna be having a
Christmas party with a bunch of friends
we're inviting them up here play games
food so that'll be a fun vlog a lot of
people you may know maybe not people you
don't know I won't know anyways hope you
like this little short prank call we did
it and it was fun so I think I'm gonna
keep my pizza now okay goodbye
cheaters can reshape it
