huh soon wait yeah we're just two users
to do some okay
think just finished up the last shot
this camera has like whipped cream on it
hmm
I might need take a shower no yeah
that's got to be the most random video
ever
yes literature but I laughing really
dang hard it was funny I have to do more
of these skit I don't even know
hope you guys even like it yeah I hope
you guys like the video I don't even
know how it's gonna turn out since we
just finished it but we have like
whipped cream all over the house he gets
like on the windows we're gonna have to
clean that off you kind of got in the
carpet somewhere so like we wiped it off
but it's still there
so if it doesn't smell up the house and
at the time 11:41 we have people above
us and below us so
hopefully hopefully we didn't wake the
neighbors and they call it cops because
we caught people called the cops on us
once before because we had the music too
loud so don't want to get in trouble now
hey so what's up what do we do we're
here to uh oh
shoot you better believe footage but
we're here to see our student film show
like we go to the Cardiff own school and
they have like all the students shows
combined and they play em here at the
park and leader at the big blue look
like basically like the mini Oscars yeah
it is it's like the mini Oscars for all
the student films throughout the
semester and whoa let's go take a look
all right we're in the theatre if you'd
be quiet though these are all gonna be
student films from our school it's
pretty cool though what is the program
it's kind of cool the students show I
think got all the films they go beyond
maybe next year I'll be in one or I
could be on the big screen
I made one last semester but it didn't
make the cut all right we're in the
theater if you be quiet though these are
all gonna be student films from our
school it's pretty cool though look
you're starting the program it's kind of
cool the students show I think on all
the films they go beyond maybe next I'll
be in one or I could be on the big
screen
I made one last semester but it didn't
it didn't make the cut
see I were sitting here in the very back
row me keV indeed oh we shouldn't link
to my last video we chose submission
from last year's the link in the
description you can watch it yeah I know
if I did good job or half the job you
tell me if I did terrible job I want to
know Oscars down there it's cool really
cool and then they're doing interviews
over there yeah this feels pretty
awesome I must say Mario yet
make him look regal all right
just got out of the movie lots of movies
though your thoughts on my thoughts were
strange ideas you
what people try too hard you I feel like
half of the movies that played didn't
make sense
hi 75% actually but the ones that make
are the best films are the most simplest
ones exactly all those were like insane
complicated make no sense and then
people are clapping I'm just trying to
figure out what's going on yeah now
we're gonna get some did I really like
this shopping area though it's like it
looks like everything's brand new and
that's why I do like it my best friend's
closet my fav store why is the Fri blue
and then nothing else is my best fry in
squadron a its chick-fil-a the smaller
version is that really a chick-fil-a
dude there's chairs and stuff in here Oh
Cheers
how is this is it funny we're just going
side and eat the game here's all the
free food games
but it's free I'll show you I'll get on
my plate just here it is some snakes yes
just about for free I'll take it any day
yeah this is a shrimp case at the end I
don't really like shrimp but I guess
I'll try it myself
sprites and sodas are free we just
biggest is just the best day ever and
Kevin is the most happy because sprites
his favorite soda they want to see how
you eat I just want to eat a lot of
gammon but you're gonna have to pop when
you get famous they're gonna like
literally get close
your turn places like a No
okay now it's busy there's people
everywhere but we're already done
mystery
and that's the line to get food now
you're ready right here there's
absolutely no way
they have three minutes though by the
way
watch it
this is like some former ice rink and
you believe don't go ice skating this is
how you do it you just walk over that is
called the stove ahead light Wow it's
the lag but we guys like today's vlog
I'll pack those extra clips we got from
that random skit we made as well but I
think we're gonna end it here we're
gonna we're making a new Grand Theft
Auto game play on our gaming channel so
you guys should come subscribe if you
want you to come subscribe you got about
5,000 subscribers now so goof squad
gaming link in the description yeah just
hit it up okay but uh anyways see you
later I guess good bye good bye
