hi hi I'm Justin I'm Andrew and today we
asked you guys on Twitter to send us
some questions and things you want us to
do so
we're getting answer some of them and
perform some of them if that be the case
right right we haven't done one of these
ever I don't think like a QA together so
you should be like really happy and
exciting you know cuz this is cool
Madi asks us if you were the last people
alive in the zombie apocalypse what
would you do to be honest if we were the
last people alive an entire planet from
a zombie apocalypse I probably wouldn't
mind dying too early just because it's
nothing for being sane boring so I
probably like do something and really
really fun just go out in the blaze like
what build a really awesome cool tree
fort then install I can punch like
sniper rifles and machine guns and
bazookas and stuff and just wreak havoc
excuse me did you want some hot sauce
yes hot sauce yeah mmm this is hot salad
it's very spicy
okay the hot sauce just give me big hot
sauce
where's big chunk of it's Alice what am
i doing um this guy asked do you think
he will stop doing youtube in the future
I'm not gonna say yes but I'm not gonna
say no
it's just like we're not gonna put a
timetable say we will stop uploading on
June 5th 2015
hey I'll be like 22 years old then
that's your birthday but I want to think
I never really stopped on YouTube but if
like a better opportunity came up like
acting in a movie which I is what I want
to do then I pursue that rather than
this Clara wants to know if we can do
any magic if show do one now okay we're
good my hat go be will that take care of
that Logan wants to know what do we do
in our spare time well let's show you do
you have shaving cream what am i what
are you recording musky dancer hi I'm
Stella Johansen and this has been a
world of fortune world episode that is
all guys we'll see you guys on the show
next time ooh God oh Justin can you get
the pizza wow you are such a big bully
hey what's our next YouTube video I
don't know okay play uh cause you know
he is sure totally wants to know what
made us start YouTube and how do we know
each other well I moved in the springs a
while ago like back in like sixth grade
sixth grade
here's my neighbor next door neighbor
why are we starting to well basically we
used to make short films I guess you can
calm
we didn't even upload them anywhere we
just made us have fun and then we
decided to start uploading them on
YouTube and doing other things I don't
see how many chips can you put in your
mouth we have chips we have a plate
cracker so we'll use crackers
hey go for making me do that looks like
this is the end of our QA video for
today well let us know if you oh yeah so
if I do another one so leave some more
questions below and yeah I think hey ray
Merry Christmas
check out our pizza delivery break the
ass on our main channel now so link in
the description it's really funny how I
like it you yeah thanks for subscribing
to this channel by the way guys we have
like almost 25,000 subscribers or slowly
building it up thanks to you guys
