so uh making a snowman I think yeah it's
gonna be a good one
I promise you just have to get our
gloves on or hats on we don't want to
freeze to death out there no I mean it's
your breath it's so cold out here all
right we're building a good snowman you
want to use snow that's in the Sun okay
all right so this snow isn't really
working all right so the snow really
isn't working that well it's like
powdery ready yeah that's the problem
we're facing here folks
this snow is powdering and won't stick
together oh never mind guys we have a
body so I guess this is a fail snow day
guys it's okay at least I got to freeze
my butt off out here
you're a real angel God good oh whoa
who threw that our snowman next to our
snow angel next to our Hawaii we are in
the zone world-class artists I have
absolutely beautiful hair today don't I
thank you we are going to go to the
jacuzzi now I mean it's always the best
to go in jacuzzi when it's super cold
out right those with windchill it's
negative eight outside so we're smart
but the water should be warm I hope if
not I'll be pissed
Oh actually we're really happy you have
cloth seats
yeah my car my car has leather seats and
in the winter it just gets like but the
whole worst the lake is frozen yo yeah
I'm guessing that would be a
high-probability you think clean this
off toes are freezing the hot tub is
steaming Oh yikes
ahh how the water level is kind of low
but yes oh it's pretty steamy in here
guys if you can tell it's kind of cold
so now I don't ever want to get out it's
super warm right now look at all this
snow it's like frozen over ah that's
pretty nice day the blue skies with snow
hot Jacuzzi what I wanted to say is you
guys know that we have a link at where
we live and every day and every night
there's these ducks they fly from
everywhere and land on the lake so
yesterday night it was like probably
five degrees outside and all of the
Ducks are sitting on the lake I match
how much colder the water is than
outside it's probably like negative
something oh yeah and they're all like
barking on the lake they come on why are
you on the lake yeah
it's the pack of the birds want to know
the best part about jacuzzi in the
wintertime and sir Harris's rounded guys
where were you what holy John are so
many geese hey Julie
as I was saying for the birds
interrupted my hair's frosted whoa it
just feels like icicles I could probably
break off wow I don't even need hair gel
instant hair gel what do you guys think
I'm on my new style hair should I keep
it yes alright I'm gonna get out and go
from the keys over there but the only
way to do it is through that stupid snow
wow they're all huddled up how is that
even they're just sitting on the ice
it's not even water no melting
underneath me look it just melts I'm
gonna get back in whoa whoa Rob it's
always so hard getting out of the
jacuzzi when it's all warm and comfy and
now it's like freezing we're gonna check
the weather now and see how cold it is
outside as it was one degree when I
checked this morning
oh my three is three degrees degrees hot
it's it's three degrees outside
sandwiches on our way to get a snack or
lunch because I keep getting all these
awesome coupons in the mail show or not
get the sandwiches I know I was just
saying that Oh
okay order two bowls pay for one yes I
have you made it to noodles and company
swishes so good I think oh gosh let's go
nice and more
seriously you guys are missing out this
Parmesan chicken with all all all all
you got the everything house of leaves
look
okay you guys seriously if there's a
noodle company of gold here you know
it's a perfect day for ice cream I think
you jealous porkchop whoa whoa man boy
some people's just something yeah who
says you can't eat ice cream on a snowy
day everyone's free ice cream
he's calling who care it's ice cream all
right we got one t-shirt this feels like
some bracelets bracelets this is Robert
shipping out today right yeah I'm gonna
go over him real quick I'm okay he's
back already somehow somehow put them in
their way I wanted to take this time to
say to promote our t-shirts we'll put an
annotation like right here or all you
gotta do is just click right well the
first link in the description will be
our merch store you never wonder one of
our search for Christmas well kids come
on down we also got a wristband sets
and wrist bands also sunglasses but
they're not on our merch store so that's
okay
just please come buy some stuff
christmas is coming up and brother
Jimmy really wants one so you get
informed keV singing in the shower
what happened how could I break
something we got here some mess lies
toll whose cookies well along with the
cookies it's time to watch a movie I
love watching this movie when it's snowy
outside it's just the best kind of
movies do you like watching when it's
like crappy weather snowy weather what
do you like to watch these are done they
turned out ok
Oh
