sois it sois by the way christmas is
just around the corner and we haven't
decorated yet so shame on us but first
things first we have to reorganize the
house so we are kinda already got things
going here on the process what right
cleanup like all Avengers slop all over
the apartment home look what I just
found on the couch
Kevin's phone just randomly in the couch
what that's my personal private property
okay my personal private stuff where'd
you put it
well you ain't playing around you know
she don't play that she I hate Yoshi you
best oblivious alright watch how easy it
is to me keV like concerned I'm saying
why do you keep throwing dust all over
the house there's all over the TV here's
our progress fellas done later
there's our remodeled house are you in
does this look insane different guys
Kevin are you doing this why you Fung
Shui you always do this every Christmas
it's a Christmas tradition you're part
of the family now you have to join I'm
leaving
why Kevin chronopath Hill of Jacob's old
dirty sock still under the couch Jacob
has like 50 socks hidden under the couch
this is really cool guys this is for
dinner as well look you can see here
watch a movie put plate here you guys
should try rearranging at your house
it's seriously a good idea because then
it if you get bored of your house you
just rearrange it's like a completely
new house circe I just feel like we just
moved in whoa
it says weird you know what goes in that
corner right yeah I would say we've just
got the tree in the house we have some
Christmas tunes gone how do you guys
like it stellar we're going with the hat
only like a 400-seat we're just going
with like 1/4 of the tree or 1/2 of the
tree for now I guess
hopefully we'll upgrade soon gotta have
Christmas tunes with decorating and
Christmas setup because it just makes it
so much better right
like the color of lights hmm he's cool
I'm a present too geez what the Freak
are you doing I guess that'll do Pig we
don't have a real Christmas tree it's
fake why did you tell them that
Christmas is tainted now we don't have
like we're not like Lumberjacks so we
can't like just chop down like a tree
you know I don't even know where we can
find a tree to chop down you know and
then it gets all dirty the house gets
like infested with like mites and
aardvarks the stuff so like we don't
want that like a fumbling idiot yeah
tangled up they're kind of cool
decorations when we got these like
golden bells going down here yeah well
that's you like the pits to get this on
here this was the most complicated thing
we've done all day who would have
thought that would have been so hard
that sure looks like it's meant to be
there
wash your fists feet slip no you like do
the splitting is the funniest way to get
down that kids don't try this at home
please
where's first by the way oh gosh
this is good guys like we did this
ourselves get that spider you see him a
little bit just you have a net we have
another one that looks really cool these
ones are awesome it's so cool you do you
like the setup keV huh
thoughts oh good we put that up no it's
okay
it might go somewhere else we're gonna
be sleeping out here eating out here
even with the tone completely I think
we're done for the night
at least set doing all this Christmas
stuff cuz it's like 2:00 a.m. oh you
guys yeah yeah that works
hey guys so it's a new day and we we set
up more Christmas lights but we're not
gonna show you now says surprise you
guys are having a good Tuesday see you
tomorrow
I went to Walmart they had
socks for a dollar so I bought them
there's ten of them look they're kind of
cool so if you want a dollar socks
Walmart's carrying on for a buck
break
