snowboarding yeah we are going
snowboarding yeah y'all let's go
snowboarding today with a bunch of high
school freaks
the longest tunnel
not sure but it's long
tidal wave clouds it seems like Keystone
we made it Keystone yo she's a cool
setup yo
alright so that's what normal shoe lace
looks like and this is what happened to
my shoelace
it board has finally hit snow fellas
squeeze here this is gonna be sweet
fella there's Aaron baby how do you feel
about yourself I am feeling excited of
myself
we're at the top of the mountain boy oh
boy
Wow
this is the first run of the season got
my Heritage Board ready to go okay rule
number one when going snowboarding make
sure to go as fast as you can and just
run over anybody in your way that's
basically how you just do it so let me
give you a quick demonstration so he's
in the way so this run him over she's
kind of in the way so I'm just gonna run
her over he's in the way so just
all right just finished a few runs it's
just so damn beautiful now something to
do get yourself a snowball look at your
friend he just kills him right away
today with a bunch of I'm saying noobs
but yeah beginners so trying to teach
myself to write goofy know what that is
what do you write regular or goofy like
what's your style this is my board it's
never summer that's what that Eagle is
have a couple of tips and stuff about us
there's a hand in the snow someone saved
that poor boy it's just crazy how many
Ungh boys and girls there are insane
good Jimmy coming down the slopes here
yeah you got rocky together whoa just
they're so good for some reason like how
full speed Oh daughter I will save you
wait a person again God you sweet dad
here we go dad am I going fast or what
oh oh oh whoa
oh yeah it's he dad dad I stopped
alright so just taking a small break you
know that was very rude of you eat wow
they're fast and if you couldn't tell
here's a bunch of errands friends
errands my brother in high school so I
drove him up to go snowboarding ok we're
going shopping now oh these guys just
got cool new toys let's go say hi
well cool new toys guys
Wow they got lines for bananas guys
that's Mary's sister his sister-in-law
and it's Marian her other sister but
we're getting lost and all these people
crap that's to get the Xbox these bros
got the Xbox yeah I wish I could get an
Xbox Wow I want this towel very bad just
the best towel I could ever think he
liked my magic 8-ball
will I get a puppy for Christmas when Oh
as I see it yes good news we found the
pillows you found them you're like
standing in line for the town you know
what happened aloe infused two socks
that would be bad for me if you didn't
know I'm actually allergic to aloe so be
very bad John Doe how do you think Jung
Jung go
or almost to the front if you're thirsty
and hungry for monster don't worry we
have what you need
promise on our way out of Walmart Black
Friday shopping is completed all we got
was two pillows back to Mary's house and
now we're looking at pie options we got
some kind of Oreo thing orange in here
what's your favorite pie Mary and I are
having a homework party so oh you know
your name
whoa this isn't even English is it just
letters really there's a thing right
there
no it's just Y's V now I give up went to
a yummy doughnut shop today and on the
bag it says you deserve a dumb net I
just think that's the best promotion
ever because remember that when I'm
having a tough day I'm gonna remember I
deserve a doughnut and I will go back
and get one
you're looking at homework well it's
about it for the vlog here here's the
camera I'm using this is Mary's Nikon
Coolpix it's kind of cool I guess
anyway this just a little bit of
snowboarding and uh what else
oh yeah Black Friday shopping so
hopefully that was a half enjoyable see
you next time
