hola fellas it's a new day and me and
colton are here at the brand-new uh bash
pro shops in colorado they just built
this so we're coming to take a look at
it jeez it's huge well I'm not really
much of a hunter or Fisher so I don't
really know what I could bind here but
hey it's worth a look right cool well I
mean you could buy a boat yeah I could
buy a thirty thousand dollar bill got
extra 30 grand to drop good night this
is so big all right fellas good
dude I can only imagine
how much it would cost to build this
whole thing could all the different
types of animal they have hanging up
everywhere that I bet on all these
animals alone I bet it's all over
definitely over a million dollars just
these like statues of animals seen
Oh
I don't know look at the weird name of
these spices rub some but that's a
little bad owners are good though they
look good it's a pretty dog right there
so I'm talking about our getting in
we're getting into the hunting gear
hunting seasons backgrounds we got to
get her camouflage so we can shoot damn
burbs think I'll take this redhead see
me whoa where'd you go bro I can't buy
see you anywhere hey y'all I'm
camouflaged in the trees right now I
can't find me over here Oh Here I am the
Arctic oven caution watch your steps
let's go on in here Wow now this we
could stay warm in four years through
the sleeping bag is she all this fall
hits you like scare somebody I'm like
right here sick dude we want to buy it
for fun for like parties yeah let's do
that
we're Alaskan wolves we're like snow
angels from Alaska
excuse me ma'am this is actually not how
you hold a gun by the way I don't know
really what you're doing to be honest
but i'll give you some lessons later
just please don't do anything okay
got aa guns here guys scared of guns by
the way Colton we could put you in here
we need to keep you safe thank God gosh
guys me and colton found our fav part of
the store yes do you think outfit me
yeah it's especially my first fishing
shirt oh sit just yeah we can just buy
it will try it on later okay well you
gotta get the Hat along with it okay I w
a jacket yet friggin bowling alley
this is crazy
the bowling alley in the Bass Pro Shop
so cool
they got a room you can play pool in
yeah they got a whole section for
sunglasses yeah well what about oakleys
are like a hundred and fifty dollars you
can get our sunglasses for $28 guys look
who's here like at the bass pro shops
it's freaking Santa Claus he's holding a
baby right now I can't get Mike there's
too many people but he's here fish guys
what all the cool fish
are you got there Justin I'm safe in
here guys
guys
this oh I can only imagine owning one of
these you bring out your friends on the
lake ah take a seat here full power
someday guys someday full power good
night it's Cuba that's ragan by the way
all right we're all done with bass world
or whatever best world let's did you
could spend like op hours in here this
so now it's time to like relax i feel
like i got like a whole work i just
walking around in there please just
yo
no justice all right my battery's about
to die so I don't know how much I'm
gonna be able to film but we're here
with Ryan Kyle Colton and the month I
self we're at o'malley's if you guys are
ever gonna call out our Springs go to
o'malley's they have the best wings ever
and Palmer sorry well it's in color
spinks go to palmer lake seriously way
better than buffalo bottlings promise
you that let's go you're the wings
that's about it okay bye all right guys
back home I think that's about all for
today's vlog was pretty chill we didn't
film yesterday for Thanksgiving because
family and stuff you know we're just
spending time with the fam didn't have
the cameras out or anything so I hope
you all had a good thanksgiving anyways
well we'll see you guys tomorrow have a
fantastic rest your evening I'll seal it
that's my other dog sleeping on the
floor yeah oh no you don't have to get
up sorry hey what are you doing whoa
what are you doing I know exactly what
he wants he wants a Volvo d what do you
want
well Santa lo there young fella how are
you I am famous you sure are so and have
you been I've been super great i just
want to say thank you for being Santa
