oh good I like big hello hello there
young fella how are you I am famous you
sure are so and how have you been I've
been super great I just want to say
thank you for being Santa and doing
everything you do well thank you I I
thoroughly enjoy it I bet you do it
seems like it's fun to just sit here and
you know meet everybody if you get the
way yeah and take pictures that's cool
yeah it is and yeah like these people up
there you ever watch Jesus
and that now you are gonna write your
letter because this year when I get your
letter then I'm going to read it to
Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer
yeah I'm promise I promise and okay and
then he will help me collect your
Christmas present I promise all right
excited this year so you're not sure
yeah I think I'll check my check because
is there anything else like it should do
like to make sure I get good press one
of my lollipops and that probably cooked
you having a good sign
oh yeah cuz I'll do whatever it takes to
be good this year I think that would do
it yeah oh my gosh thank God for
reminding me that was a close one cute
yeah we're telling you you're a real
knockout why are you saying - Planet
knockout king
no we're just going up tell people
they're real knockouts Tacoma stick it
or so yeah you are oh please don't play
the real knockout game with no we don't
want to play that we're trying to make a
new knockout game sure I just want to
let you know you are a real knockout for
the ladies so here's a sticker for you
you're a real knockout for the ladies
you want a sticker you know okay
I don't know if anyone's told you this
lately but you guys are a knockout
really yes both of you guess a couple
yeah thanks you're welcome I have some
stickers for you isn't it say do you
want something is that right no I'm not
I don't want anything I'm just I'm just
being nice so here you go Thanks
yeah you need to be reminded that yeah
everyday people get it here you go thank
you very much you're very welcome you
guys have a great rest your day and a
good Thanksgiving I just want to say you
guys are real knockouts welcome why why
here's a sticker for your a good job
we're just playing the knockout game and
go and tell people they're knockout to
you I'm a sticker here's one for you too
all right well I sure would like to know
why that's just a fun game to play just
likes to make people smile why thank you
up see ya I say all three of you are
real knockouts oh yeah how do you mean
well you know like just knockouts I get
them
are you doing good yeah yeah yeah look
you guys can all have a Sikh or two for
you thanks man
super dope are you just handed those
around everybody we're just playing the
knockout game so yeah you tell people
they're knockouts yeah you can play too
if you want to try it sometime yeah yeah
I see some kind of a subjective terms
like what a knockout is yeah it's just
like here real knockout like you know
you make them fall hard for you her
excuse me ma'am I don't know if anyone's
told you this lately but you are a
knockout oh my god thank you you're very
welcome and I have a sticker for it just
thank you
you're very welcome have a good
Thanksgiving ma'am just want to say
you're a real knockout
welcome foot that's not a sticker for
you hey guys hope you liked the video
and if you liked our version of the
knockout game please share this video
and give it a thumbs up no ma'am
I just wanted to let you know that you
are a knockout
and I have a sticker for you okay you
are aware that you're welcome ma'am
I just want to say you're a real
knockout here's a sticker but for you
