you know what's wrong with it are you
still asleep yeah it's right by your
side by your tag
and what do you now what do you have to
say about that wow it's dark out here
hey guys sorry we haven't been vlogging
for the past one day we are down in the
springs for the weekend know what week
the week sorry so we don't live together
so it's kind of hard to film like stuff
but isn't our families for the holiday
Thanksgiving this okay if you guys saw
odd this morning I mean this morning my
parents like woke me up and my dad's
like yeah someone broke into your car
all the wires are hanging out you should
probably come look at it I was like
sleeping so then what it's really
confused so I get up put my clothes on I
was already getting suspicious so go
outside and my mom's just filming me but
she already guys saw so I got Hawaii
license plate it's so awesome so yeah I
posted it on my Instagram if you guys
want to go like check it out and give it
a like for you
I've been wanting a Hawaii license plate
for a while but just haven't got around
to doing it so thanks mom
if you ever in Colorado and you see the
license plate hoiy you know it's me so
yeah right now we're at Andrew's house
we just got done Frankie and we're gonna
upload it in two days so you guys are
gonna like this one
should we give them a hint look at that
big thing in Andes from house it's like
a real life thing
hey that is Andrew little brother by the
way - beans is going on in here please
just stop all over a football you look 5
2 T left these three students doing
whatever the dealer guys the baddest
confused as you are
while your undergarments are hanging out
by the way and mom always said don't
play ball now we're not yeah that was
the living room this is a good tenant it
should just got to Colton's house and
we're making burgers where he's making
burgers bacon barbecue burgers no Sean I
caught these for the night
our burgers have arrived
folks are you jealous am I making you
hungry I thought so at the side of
Arizona yeah that's how we roll here
editing the video right now as well so
very exciting now it's time to just
chill put some video games I guess very
cult wants Colts busy with school and
work and chores and doing the lawn
feeding the animals right distantly
owned BOTS excuse me for camels so those
are lots of work they're kind of fun to
ride though I wrote a few camel's back
in my Nam days but these camels are like
none other trust me right Colt they're
like they're kind of like packing camels
like you pack stuff on top of them and
they just carry everything for you so
now we're playing Halo because be filled
yeah boring yeah but I got boring we
both can't play yeah go get him feel
good yeah bro yes I am
dude just erased me for what to be here
you don't little wife you're being such
a tool oh you are you're the one that
needs a gonna life
who's the one playing the video games it
has the Xbox in his basement so I like
being by myself what I play video games
that equals nerd Dumbo door yo yeah it's
just I don't like being upstairs cuz
it's warm that where the Xbox is has no
correlation to your dorkiness bro well
owner if like people get weird out if
you look at the camera or look at the
screen I do both because it doesn't
really matter all right
yeah got a problem with that you could
buy me dog
did your freaking hands off me man
pissed do they camera out of my face
either Xbox one or ps4 for a while at
least you guys um I'm getting ps3 cuz of
Gran Turismo 6 : don't make that dumb
decision please dude oh I died hi oh
you're gonna assassinate me you're gonna
regret that
oh yeah just let you guys know I want to
sure you're my favorite so double time
wearing the shirt really dr. pepper is
the best it's not it is the best it has
23 flavors in one drink how come you
can't even you can't even beat that dude
seriously coke it's just syrup
I don't like Coke cause that's the thing
I think about to do that's a perfect
idiot
it's a find you different thing it's
like sorry I try to save life so it is
bad for you though guys don't drink soda
even though sometimes it's okay you know
it's good though eliminate all the
different flavors of lemonade you
already know we're all about that
lemonade life I'm actually about the
water life we tried it yeah cuz I want
to get a six-pack
you think coffees gonna do that yes it
boosts your medical Bullock hamstring
muscles oh yes I'll do that then since
you said that right now I'm playing Halo
with one hand and holding the camera
crap
you saw I've been using some new
toothpaste well I'm using Stano
toothpaste goodbye a teeth look whiter
I'm holding the camera with one hand so
right now I'm holding the camera
so anyways right now I'm holding the
camera certified threw up left he's
right there indeed my god Wow soccer
kill there that's four kills
all right so we're really bored and I
think I'm gonna upload the vlog now it's
a little late but I'm gonna edit the
vlog and upload it so hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog I'll be back
tomorrow for a new adventure our new
video is gonna be out Thursday
Thanksgiving it's gonna be worth your
time I promise
oh oh the battery's low yeah you guys
gotta check it out okay and it's not
gonna be at the ending because he's at
his house so you're gonna have to deal
with me in this guy so have a good night
have a good day
talk to you later all right
what he said your letters
