hey guys so we are in the library right
now and we're a little bit bored so me
and you decided to do ancient tribal
burps whatever that means so we're just
gonna be burping awkwardly by people
today hope you liked the video well yeah
that's
yes sir
yeah
that boy
use me mister yeah do we have science
homework people yeah well I see you
later
we are back at the house really bored
there's just new apps you can record
your voice and weird sounds on so we
recorded a bunch of op weird burp so
we're gonna put it under cage doors it's
funny I'm gonna go to the jacuzzi now by
the way what we a have a jacuzzi and
we're gonna go there we've made it to
the main town center
what do we have for snacks Nutter Butter
uh Nutter Butter I mean a Nutter Butter
that good or butter the perfect snack so
I'm kind of happy I guess and I'm glad
they're making a new restaurant here
looks so good yeah it's on the trees
that's cool you can't see a black thing
I hear but you can hear them Goose balls
screaming I can see your face because
your phone light guess what I'm eating
why is it zoomed in just at all just
tell a scary story now did I say do you
like cookies yeah we're in the pool
right now and you guys like hot tubs
take a look at the hot tub can they see
it wall this is crazy cool alright so
lately we've been having some problems
with mics with our mics and well because
we fell on the mic and yeah the button
got smashed into the up position this
this but stupid thing so we spent the
night we got the faceplate off and then
we used a variety of tools here we made
our way in inside the innards and once
we were in the hangers you can poke
around with some scissors and make the
like I don't know system like
malfunction which allowed us to push
both buttons at the same time and we
what some reason I thought if like
usually if you put push like that one
and that one if you push two buttons at
the same time they usually reset so I
just kept clicking oh and then this the
sensitivity you just like went all the
way like I don't know what it was doing
it
weird how this all like worked out so
now our audios back to normal we don't
have to monkey around all the time with
it now I doubt anybody's even noticed
but for us it's been a really hassle
like it's really quiet cuz with the
sensitivity it was at negative 60 and it
used to be at negative 27 so that's like
a big like different range so it's like
really it was like quiet
this is busy what happened so I'm gonna
psyche at negative 60 you can't hear as
well so maybe you might be able to hear
me but you won't be able to hear Dustin
talking and the only way to fix that is
you raise audio levels and final cut
which raises the frequency or whatever
so it's like yeah so now we just tested
it out and it finally works so I'm just
very happy finally just don't mess
around with the buttons or fall with it
it's a new day and well we didn't upload
yesterday Jeff just went to the grocery
store and bought like bread and cool
things
whoa whoa robe wanna put on pounds yeah
we were kind of busy yesterday and yeah
sorry why would we boost the jury why
are we busy Oh which is a new heels come
out and visit our house and me video the
club we did with him that'll be up
Monday if you guys want to hit that up
we got it yeah so we got some really
good footage with Andrew so it should be
a good video when we do upload that I
guess I will end it here hope you guys
like the vlog and I hope you guys are
having a good day
cuz I sure AM so see you guys later
mic
grotty
plan
