hello guys so right now we are in Utah
and guess where we are with right now
hey guys it's me hello so who are you hi
my name is Stuart edge I'm friends of
Justin and Andrew you guys know me
really well
I have a youtube channel called Stuart
edge and I do
similar things to these fellers right
here yeah he does pranks all the time
yeah a lot of kissing pranks - kissing
breaks magic tricks fun stuff just tons
of fun stuff so if you don't already
know who he is and that's probably a
problem because he already had just
passed a million subscribers so high
five congratulate him for that so today
we just film some videos one for his
channel it's gonna be super funny on our
channel so that'll be up and like after
the weekend so be on the lookout for
that
I love these guys to Studios they're
hilarious
you're such a kind man these guys are
awesome they're going big places I hope
and yeah the most part is that you can
take cards what they're you know it's
like right there here's outside it's
kind of this is not even like a fourth
or not even like a tenth of the school
it's just way too big all right walk if
he'll give you a tour of so thank you
where we
the best thing my gosh Andrew where were
you
I caught him okay his assistant please
what I didn't technical universities you
don't see stuff like this garbage cans
recycling bins and paper recycling bins
but here we make sure that we are
actually I'm taking care cuz I want you
see here it says plastic only need to
open it up you can clearly see that it's
only plastic women on cans only and you
can clearly see there's a nearly
hands-free as a kind lady if we could
borrow her headphones because should we
didn't have any we're gonna have to buy
something but she let us use so kind
it's kind of awkward cuz they were in
her shirt and she was playing them out
and she made that a point she's like oh
it was like oh sorry they're coming out
of my shirt she's gonna get my germs all
over ya go where look at these hallways
they're like it's okay I feel like you
seriously an airport worker and here we
are with some more holes and then some
more whole tunnel of doom it's really
cold out of here guys yeah you could
finally see our breath in this video and
the Colorado you couldn't Stuart doesn't
have a car so we had I do walk here
smells like Dale out here
are you serious ah that's sewage let's
go by a source apartment kind of tired
from walking around all day anyways what
you're working on there just a few
projects don't look what's that behind
you
that is Stuart he converts into a robot
when he gets home
that is Stuart get some grub or some
sort soon mr. city knows like the best
places around here
he said he lives here so he knows about
the places and we're in the car going to
some food and can't see a thing out the
window cuz it's so cold out
what is my friend
all right we made it to this weird bill
over here the oh the village is called
the village nice boy let's do this man
I'd want to live here if I was a student
it's for BYU you won the awful oh
there's a pizzeria connected with this
guy's would you look at this place it's
awesome dude cool huh
Stewart is a happy man right now
a drink what price are you really can
something it's really
leave it free drink yeah sure okay so I
took my ring and took it off
whoa he's a magician guys
but usually this is like the coolest
atmosphere place look how nice it is
look at this piece Oh guys this is gonna
be yummy buffalo chicken pizza
daggum time to eat isn't it
Viraj the deed has been done we're
finished eating love these couches like
they like make you want to lay down for
a long time
so I kind of wish this was my house but
right Stuart
I love the feelings are high beautifully
like designed life of the banks jars
they are jars that's creative of them
friendly people everywhere
I think that about sums up today's vlog
with Stuart here Stuart what good old
Stuart yeah it was very fun too bad
those are like one day but there will be
more in the future right there will be
any final words you want to say to the
viewers err um yeah just you know how
long do you think you're pursuing
youtuber my advice to you is make videos
and try and make them at the highest
quality you can if you're not and you're
just a fan then if you see these guys
around go up and say hi to them don't be
ashamed I know how hard it is to come up
and talk to people you admire yes super
I used to clean porta-potties before I
had cleaned before I cleaned the pages
of YouTube at wall what I know that I
used to clean porta-potties so it was a
crappy job but that's why was having a
half - where he's at dude that's what I
was clearly I was like I want to do
something else I'm like YouTube so
that's my advice wisdom with Stuart take
it or leave it
your choice I hope you like wisdom with
Stuart episode 1 will be back with
episode 2 here in the near future I
think so I guess that's all bye I mean
that's all guys that's just today's
daily vlog goodbye goodbye forever
okay what
