hello fellas me and Andy are in the car
right now we just got out of King
Soopers and we got groceries without
really any we just got like basically
lunch and snacks because we are driving
to Utah today here's our map yeah we got
like eight hours to drive easily we are
we're driving to Utah today because
we're gonna be collabing with some
awesome youtubers well we're gonna be
collabing with wofe Stuart edge and
giveback films so it'd be crazy weekend
yeah we're gonna be filming a lot so
hopefully we get some epic videos out
for you guys on our main channel gonna
vlog we're gonna try so this vlog is
probably gonna be up late cuz obviously
you're where we can't upload all around
the road but you don't have those
capabilities yeah but if you guys live
in Utah
make sure false on Twitter because maybe
you could come say hi to us so anyways
let's get driving we're in the open
lands folks
my goodness it's a hippie out here just
what it's time for lunch
yeah yeah but we've got different
Pringle brands which one is your
favorite misplace sandwich this is
actually a lunch and dinner so
where are we hey op which is taking a
quick pit stop because it's necessary
when you're on a long road trip true
that RAF the pilot station this is a
Wyoming so far it's been a barren
wasteland it's cool exploring new lands
looking for someone to share an
adventure to have it nippy out I
couldn't imagine living somewhere like
this
with it just--there's like it's just a
movement like
on the road again yeah I just a what you
did on the road I like the city but this
gas stations like a convenience store
it's awesome car seats for adults I'm
back joy relief thank ya I think we're
just sad more of these gas stations in
Colorado you can buy movies you can get
headphones you can get walkie-talkies to
play xbox these are like 20 bucks for
those shoes
hey yeah I wanna be friends yeah we
could be friends okay what we shall be
friends you're quite a guy oh it's your
house I'm a coyote
my name's yeah you could even buy your
wife some gift here at the gas station
trust me she will love this it's only 27
bucks it's a good hot don't really know
what it's for but trust makes your
weapon I'm so happy because this gas
stations like associated with Wendy so
you get snacks or real more snacks
so let's go get some ice cream whoa it's
like we've changed like that
completely different stores went to a
teleporter your shower is now ready
please were saved a shower one
apparently you can shower at this gas
station Swiss was for the truckers who
get no showers like literally yes
his pizza is like the size of Jan look
how big his plight food
ice cream drain of itself this is a very
straight real niche strange window
are we going to
Ayten governor going to Mordor
this is crazy out here but see some cows
another thing
twice why I've written to you so that
you may judge and examine according to
the light of God's work just run around
this mountain range is kind of cool from
the backside
and with some homework guys we have
found the cheese factory of Wyoming
these are Billings
service
is completely
out
this is like a WoW
join me folks
usually this subset is lasting like
forever
being like mesmerised right now this is
like what a drive fellas
the sunset
Konan
that was easy
here we are in ESL Lake City Utah are
very close to finding our first
destination Mike finally we're here at
his house we just have to walk there
because parking was a little backed up
over here oh nice
listen finally finally glad to get here
and just chillax edit some videos and
just plant so I'll see you when we get
in there we're in here all up there's a
parking lot and there's no one here so
we're really scared of ourselves we are
in Andrew Hales apartment right now but
no Hales no Hales to be seen at the
moment so we're just chilling out
playing some video games
looking at our footage yeah Andrew is
out with some friends right now we're
just chilling here so he will be in
tomorrow's vlog hopefully so you'll see
him then gonna be filming with Stuart
tomorrow a bunch of cool stuff it's
gonna go down so just stay tuned and
yeah you have a funny video I think
right yeah we're gonna upload a
skin-like midday tomorrow hopefully we
filmed it on the way here so it's gonna
be funny anyways we'll see you guys soon
peace out
