Oh fellas it's like freaking out
seriously okay you guys saw the other
vlog you can't even tell I mean it looks
nice out but this morning goes super hot
out and sudden like I didn't even want
my sweater but now it's like I can't
live it down I'm like freezing my nips
off out here yellow well I can see my
breath I don't know if you can but I
can't and it's like really cold I'm not
wearing a hoodie for some reason see ya
right now all right now we're go to Best
Buy Cassandra is doing something with
some cord like we're trying to get our
surround sound to work or some sort I
think the cord went bad so tonight
investigating new options and we're
gonna get some food we're going to play
again see okay
free sandwich if you get another one can
I have it I get I seem to get it more in
just enough she used to always get them
but I used to get him before but I would
never even like use them because a lot a
lot of places put this kind of stuff on
there come yeah like Panda Express and
there's this kind of a ripoff yeah you
guys like do you guys like my shirt by
the way it's a hamburgers is it making
you hungry of yourselves
doesn't it look good well like it's like
all fresh you get fries where's Kevin we
told him we're getting chick-fil-a he
said what and he ran back inside so I
don't know if he like it's like he's
emptying out his bank account to go yeah
hey guys so I know you guys liked our
prank on Kevin where we buried his car
and leaves and a lot of people said that
yeah we should keep bringing Kevin so we
like that idea so let us know some ideas
of what you want us to do together
nothing too harsh though cuz we're
friends but just like you know family
friendly really funny awkward pranks
because we mate like we might even like
if you guys leave some ideas and like
put the comment we'll screenshot the
comment and like use it in the video
like if it says it's like if one of you
guys put the comment various car and
leaves just like our worst prank ideas
we would do that so be creative and make
it like short and sweet and funny he's
just talking I don't know why he'd say
chick-fil-a go back inside and tell us
oh I'm not coming we're going to Best
Buy
you want to come sure oh we're also
gonna check play not coming yes when he
comes out here's just a simple prank
we're gonna honk the horn at him like
right when he's in front of the car and
hope he'll bake you idiots why can't
Kevin where were you
we are waited to you're scared now
why okay people want to know want you to
be in our vlog some more no they do I
say no one climate that sets you want to
say anything to the audience
people like what's your channel what why
don't you make more vids with Ken what I
sexy
we're gonna start making more vlogs on
his channel teal with him yeah I have my
camera with me right now really please
myself oh yeah this is why I mean I
think they're doing a good job but it is
funny that there's like a billion leaf
blowers just in one area literally did
in the same area a lot of leaves in one
area so a lot of roads that are
trick-or-treating today for Halloween
video yeah did you guys see that in one
of our fields Andrew goes up with the
pumpkins i trick-or-treat in front of
all of like the brigade of likely
flowers Sam yo we are Best Buy shut up
shut up
miss what yeah guys if you're watching
this vlog we're still at Best Buy we
will be here ken is very happy of
himself too cuz he's gonna get the new
ps4
back and this looks sick is the founder
not dude look how cool that is kiss
see that's the most so I was sure luck
with that bubble Cup new chicks you got
a bubble then what call ended
oh my phone I am so getting me neutrons
super excited
changes colors yeah look at that
that's so cool at nighttime big bros all
the headphones nice beach I walk that
party man they look these like these
displays look really cool Wow setting
off alarms on yeah it was touch the iPod
now the whole city knows were pumpkin
tip no good they don't want you touching
their iPods they said hooker Ratigan
chick-fil-a holy chicken fries at the
beginning of the vlog the skies were
blue now they're gray and it's colder
than you I don't want to do I don't know
where I'm going I'm going to get chicken
with you if you want to go with us then
come along with us I don't know what to
say but the weather is a winter in the
way I don't know what this haha I got it
to go guys I know because of you because
of you I swear outside it keeps getting
colder and colder like by the second
look literally what does this guy think
he is
wow it's like he works here or something
yeah and he's going through the back
door Oh hurry
despite maybe you'll know the codes
oh you gotta memorize what shape think
you can sneak in look look like I'm from
like an IT tech office hello
Verizon Colleen no but yeah this is me
and you're just playing like some video
games I'm looking through our messages
right now for some reason I'd xx played
a lot so I'm just listening to actually
I'm replying to a lot of them so if you
guys ever want to send a message on Xbox
Father apply probably not text cuz it
takes too long
but the voice message yes we'll probably
start up a party and I like game with
some bros so if you're friends with man
here let's play some Xbox together I
mean and you're gonna play some
battlefield right so if you follow me on
Twitter that's where I usually say hey
let's go play xbox together so ok so
we're just playing xbox on this guy's
sent a voice message he says he's from
Sweden right the way you says Hawaii is
so funny here I'm gonna sit by the
speaker so I give it a go yeah I guess
my name is Greg no my name is very odd
man ok um I'm first reminded only who
that was that was enjoyable thank you
Greg or whatever his name is oh you know
what the best thing to do on it's cold
outside you put on the fireplace
why it's a nice delicious hot touch how
collette if this was a real fire because
I have marshmallows and s'mores and
stuff but sadly it's not this is going
in the vlog by the way we're on you now
we we haven't gotten you now in like
days oh they all say oh I'm missing it
hi people hi hi so yeah we've been on
here on you now for about how long does
it say 17 20 minutes 21 minutes and
there's like 50 people in here so shout
out to the 50 people who are in here say
hi they already said hi but the more
people came in
yeah so they gotta say how so like I
vlogged wait alright so we've been on
you now for at least an hour yep
probably more now so this is the end of
our you now session so say bye-bye
bye-bye bye-bye bye-bye okay Cara Miss
Trinity and buh-bye okay but yeah that's
been it's been a great session we can't
wait to have you guys back on the show
okay
we'll see you guys in a second yeah all
right guys I think that's all we have
for today's vlog hope you enjoyed it cuz
I sure did so did Andy yeah ah so lucky
see you guys very soon hope you have a
good day
