hey everybody welcome back to more Jase
do guys its today's a new day
really I'm not kidding kind of like part
2 so if you didn't see yesterday's vlog
wash that after but we're doing some
more mods on the ATV tank we want to
actually take it out for a test drive in
the woods and see you know what we can
do add some like nerf guns
paint it ah so right the store let's go
inside supplies
okay so we are at the spray-paint
section what colors should we go with
this no look they got the bright colors
down here whose are fluorescent
fluorescent is pretty good that might
add some flavor to it or ego of Fame
brick
Oh brick mode or camo mode since you're
in the woods gonna have that or
glow-in-the-dark mode told me cool
options we have the colors picked out
guys gold yellow green these are the
fluorescent so it's gonna really shine
it shines with that that'll be so sick
by summer at the store we did see a new
rival gun so we wanna see if they have
it here did they have like a white one
yeah not this store oh the other store
come on whoa oh yes whoa that's fun new
one that's new
here's cool spider-man oh man that's
from the new one yeah there's so many
new guys anyways check out the new
bullets so this you know which ones are
yours right they probably have a blue
one but just not here Team Red Team Blue
ah have you guys seen this before
I haven't mystery Oreos the heck you get
to guess what the flavor is you could
win some money but anyways we want to
see if we can just win but tell me yeah
you you text it and one person wins
50,000 and other person ones and let's
try wait
well yeah wait for me to pick mine whoa
it smells like fruity pebbles oh it does
is that the flavor
wait tastes funny tastes like paint and
wood fruity pebbles mode no just kind of
tastes like
I can cake
lemon lemon meringue cake this smells
like something I had before doesn't
taste a thing like normal girls though
uh-huh or something like pastry what's
your guess
dang I can't try it right now they might
have tried it before right please please
please dude is who that's why it's only
at this store is it because of the color
or what I don't know but grab it we're
grabbing some snacks never seen this
flavour before red chilli yes now and we
need some drinks we say this time to
come again base sponsor a snap we need
to get this whole set up in our house
would that be sick the Bay Bridge this
one's really good cheer OH
Mandie good job all right after much
smells and tastes we have decided we
know what the flavor is it is angel food
cake but the flavor is fruity pebbles so
it's a fruity pebbles flavored angel
food cake try yourself
warning our roof has fallen off the
trailer it's in the road up here
no you why don't we always make these
cardboard structures and then hit him
onto the trailer and they blow away
there's no way to fix it see it in the
road over there do I have to run and get
it now you do okay I'll wait for you see
ya
hurry finally
well
Oh jiminy Christmas folks it fell off
I'm so mad who designed this thing well
I don't know but luckily we brought all
the supplies guys we got no tape
scissors for mods yep we have this spray
paint man I totally forgot wanna paint
this thing I know yeah polar forward sir
now that I can see you it looks even
funnier yay all right so just kind of
broke a little bit but I think it'll
still work is the roof we have
definitely fixed the roof guys as you
can see I'm in it yes I'm just taping up
the inside this tape is not wanting to
stick that ball but it's coming along
okay we're looking over yesterday's vlog
cuz we asked you guys what - what should
we call this one there are so many funny
names it's hard to pick one I like this
one
jstv like a TV TV the quad boxer call it
Jeremy and Becky the Jase to be Becky
just to be beef Jase do the magical
power tank of friendship I like this one
the off-road bagel yes you like that
yeah okay oh wow what did you install up
here this is the turret okay so along
with our nerf gun we got which we still
gotta unbox we have a cannon for extreme
explosives and we added some other
little nice body detail modifications
check it out
cool little additions I'll paint those
and then we have like in the front here
like a little battle bot stabbers but
now what's happening paint let's do it
pink job is complete check this out whoa
the back is all gold boom and we got
this side feels like a camo scheme front
whoa this is it looks so mean I love it
Turk I guess the snacks first yes
unboxing oh yeah you guys ready to see
this I'm ready let's do it
wow dude that white is fresh that's so
cool
hurry whooping bullets oh just like a
gun holder like a strap yeah yeah dude
fast loading mode
yes okay so we got the batteries in and
I think these are like just to show a
team you're on so I just put them both
on you guys ready to check this out yeah
this is fully automatic boys time to
take a first best drive I love that
this looks so strange but I lost
tonight
we rotate them now
coast is clear
oh gosh Ruffo off i'm not ripped through
this Oh
is it fixable no this whole pieces I can
ah
I mean if we get some tape maybe just no
more fast mode I guess
yeah quick
our vehicles taking some damage oh no
you're right
looks like the side hasn't come undone
no are the enemies out there have you
seen him I heard them quick we gotta get
in the woods
Oh hurry before it's too late
while we still got protection all right
perfect okay we get some cover in the
trees
taking pics is this a good spot yeah
whoa
do not shoot that by my ear oh sorry
right do you still have the rations
right yeah cuz I'm gonna need a snack
don't worry give those these are our
MREs yes the tank has fallen up hot all
right you can barely tell right that
it's a tank because so camouflaged are
these rations or pretty good rations to
be honest
Gloria did you see that I got shot in
the hand
oh thanks my car tank they said we're
sick well now I think it's time to
retire the vehicle yeah look folks this
side is falling off
I mean this side over here yes this side
it's pretty solid
I mean yeah that side just kinda know
what we did wrong on that side but I
don't know but it did go through war got
hit a few times on the side a few blasts
whoo this was some fun modifications
today yeah it's only our first try so
there will be more let us know what we
can do different or better yeah leave a
like and we'll see you back here
tomorrow
good bye
