hola fellas so today we mean and row
down the springs and we are heading over
to our friend Austin's house so if you
guys don't remember who that is
he was in a lot of our older videos and
I think Jacob might be there Colton
might be there our other friend Josh
they've all been in our videos basically
and it's like we're all finally like
hanging out again we're gonna watch the
Broncos game make some pizzas so I think
it's gonna be pretty fun and I will I'll
film something for ya so sometimes when
we get together we like making pizza or
just making food it's pretty fun so I'm
really excited cuz I'm hungry and it's
like 1 o'clock and I haven't ate yet so
probably should eat anyways ok let's go
so I just stopped by an Albertsons to
get some pepperonis for the pizza what's
gonna blur but yeah to get some peppers
and
okay I officially love this Albertsons
they gave me a free sample of this new
Starbucks cool it is delicious I'm also
extremely happy today because look at
the weather
another blue warm hot day in Colorado
and here we are big Alex house I'm the
first one here because you know I like
coming early so I'm here before the
party starts if you know what I mean
all right we are here making food oh my
goodness look at this salsa we just made
this gestures made it I really don't
know my mouth is on fire because there's
too many jalapenos in there these
Broncos are on oh wow get a beverage
it's ah he's back he is finally back in
JCC and it's Jess yeah where is he yep
guys we are ready to make pizza now
right you guys ready for pizza
my friend stole my cream I'll try it one
more time
who's ready for pizza this guy this guy
you ever do that to pants your friends
when they're going up the stairs I think
it's funny look at him he is strong what
are you doing just doing it up you're
gonna eat that tastes like a booger I
don't know what those taste like you
know consistency is like a booger I
don't know what goes feel like you've
never seen a burger no never
so here's the final first product
already half gone pollinated you've got
some lemonade here it is my nose I'm
ready
yeah hit him with the drinks that spills
all over this God hello fighting me to
the max what a like epic battle okay now
we really want dessert hopefully Austin
has Oreos hopefully I wore those guys
nothing else will suffice look at pure
vanilla oh that exactly what we need
I don't see any signs of Oreos no we
need Oreos this is just anyone a cookies
and cream Thank You cookies shakes oh
and a cereals good Eddy just I've never
written in the car doesn't burn your car
okay
welcome to Austin's room welcome to
Austin through the dungeon in the
basement
guys from here on
all right we bought Oreos and make sure
you stick it for your Oreos for you do
you want sugar for your ideas a sugar
free offer
hey guys it's me ace two Studios again
we just made it back to Ozzy's house and
it's time for smoothies
come on get some hot water on that then
hey guys it's me it's sexy biceps we
wanted to make a cookies and cream but
this is just look like a dirt Oh trust
me this is exactly what you're gonna
walk okay what are you doing over here
man
it won't be once you put all the ice
cream in I can tell you right now so
much chocolate dude I'm telling you wait
for the ice cream I'm telling you right
Jess has done this like 40 times we need
like sexy biceps Andi sexy biceps Andy
yeah oh crap jeez jeez sexy biceps Andy
look at that first try what what
Austin's nickname area did was this
tipping see why don't we let him do it
the whole time first thought soft too
much chocolate too thick you'll see
you'll see y'all Justin you'll see ah
sorry used to eat when you put worms
inside crushed up yeah
earthworms in dirt whatever Wow look at
Josh's Cup it's like half size all you
when I was a shot of Oreos all night my
gracious so wishes you have this every
night before bed
pretty much it's definitely good work
after workout oh my goodness what can I
say
whoa
I don't know how little kids do this you
always like see kids you know candy half
of their time no you just do that in
movies
no kids do ten real life I've seen these
sexy by stepping through all the way
my stomach is reppin to blow up showing
an each other what do you just say I'm
gonna eat all this pizza right now
and like a hundred grams of sugar and
Rosita fruit snacks know what he's
thinking bottle of gel evil is for no
reason just damn it watch and learn
camera all right guys we're back up in
our apartment now had a dandy time
chillin at Austin's hope you guys like
today's vlog and we will see you
tomorrow good bye do it fancy a go
change light on shock shadow breaks get
the leg
