all right just got in the car and we are
going to film worst prank ideas the new
one we already filmed some of it at the
zoo already but we're going out to get
some more news yeah look who's coming
with us
that guy keV what up keV
you look like a little kid all right
time to go to chick-fil-a that's a nice
car by the way
damn yourself baby oh yeah I should have
filmed you with the band-aids all over
your face
Kevin's hungry too thank God I know what
your name is though Kevin hey Katie
no she saw such a play what here we are
remember if you if you or if you get the
receipt sometimes it says you can get a
free chick-fil-a sandwich so I'll open
that I can do that
gotta love free chick-fil-a whoa darn it
gotta love chick-fil-a don't laugh dude
please I have a sensitivity I got that
spicy chicken sandwich got to ourselves
you've never had that before I should've
got one Oh
Andrew is lucky because his his receipt
said he gets a free sandwich show you
enjoy your free chicken sandwich I just
gotta fill out this survey the survey is
so easy to uh when he got the cheese
sauce which we've never tried before
tastes like macaroni french fries Oh nom
nom just has like cheesy potatoes of
Yale Thanksgiving Oh
you almost gave away secrets I thought
we were one of these boy seekers three
two one
we have a cool secret we're keeping from
you guys on purpose what what purpose
today's Friday which means time to feed
the money tree and give it to ice cubes
and now he's for food
today we are filming something in
anyways I have to shave I've been
growing it all month just about seven
days this is before Jesus he afterwards
whoa all cleaned up for the day do it
fancy a gold chain line are shot shove
off brakes too bad Bish's like I'm shy
shovel ranks Frank shut shut shovel all
right oh right now we're here filming it
for something we're still filming for
our special surprise through not their
stuff again our house one there's Dan
tied and and walked past we're not gonna
as you can see we have a lot of
equipment I wonder why you excited
excited yeah a good spot what do you do
how is the shot you missed you put your
pants out here making prints ridiculous
make me do stupid things I don't want
Fran has been good today I just made a
girl cry and go bad but I apologized
blender is a joke and she's okay just
quiet maybe we need like complete
silence like nobody-nobody movers speak
they're just over here Jeff
we need complete silence so we can go
Rito rolling room tone position one
man it is beautiful out here hey so
apparently a McDonald's has a new dollar
menu we wanted to try so hopefully it's
good going Joey I don't know I don't
really you love me
McDonald's is good but it's so bad for
you that's why I don't like
going here that much but it's a dollar
it's like why does all the healthy food
have to be so expensive and then all the
sucky food has to be like so cheap I
wish it was the other way around
cat go oh recording I didn't say any of
that all right
the both kind of tired from filming all
day but that's okay whoa that's what we
do we film and get tired but that's okay
and then when you're bored you just play
some games the tripod in the way that's
okay today is Friday which means
tomorrow Saturday and I think that after
that Sunday which means that it's the
weekend so we're driving down the
springs it's gonna hang up Brittany I'm
gonna hang out with Mary that's
basically what we do every weekend
usually go back down to the springs say
hi to the family some pubs hang with
other bros and friends but it's the
weekend you got to do what you gotta do
right yeah
Teddy do the face do the face do the
face people you hold it okay
totally that really hurt
