yo what's up fellas we just got done
filming again this time we went to the
Metro State Library and I and the Denver
Public Library which we just figured out
today that actually has eight floors not
forward we just thought that because
there's no escalators you have to take
the elevator yeah so it's like a secret
lair if you take the elevator up so
we're gonna have to explore that next
time yeah but we're driving back right
now
and what do you know there's traffic
again or what
and we're what are you doing there's
traffic you entertain yourself what do
you have a Tod pulley so we've been
squeaking it at people you hold it out
anyway you hold it out like this when
people on the sidewalks get their
attention by squeaking it there's
substance
another funny thing you could do when
you're driving is shout like weird
sounds to people you see when we see
guys like walking on the sidewalk we're
trying to tell like a girl by gone like
how does it go you go like yeah and then
they all look like thinking it's a girl
yeah I get like really excited yeah
thanks for the break what what break I
needed not break just straight singular
whoo this looks cool the lens flare hola
so it is another day and we are going to
King Soopers because Andrew needs to get
something apparently yeah I think oh
yeah I need about two what good thing
you're coming with me
just a second yeah it's really cold out
today has it snowed yet when the new
said it was some kind of like weird
usually it snows like sometime in
October November but
yes I'm kind of freezing lately yeah I
was just going to the store to get only
milk are what kind of snacks like just
cuz you're hungry or don't like cookies
or crackers actually not gonna keep some
wrappers I just want like - Wow
tumbleweed
snacks or something something sweet like
if I can only turn people don't really
like milk but I think most delicious
like Jacob hates not
whoa mine o one know why the Broncos are
blue and orange or this is why whoa
basically you can have some cookies or
crackers I want both cookies and
crackers
what are your guys's favorite candies I
got peach shrinks I like those are yummy
whoa oh my beef jerky is always so
expensive no beef jerky so good but why
you to be so expensive man I seriously
do not like the change of day and time
it gets dark so early now so it seems
like it's almost bedtime by the time we
hey we did something yes and now we're
home I'm gonna try this yogurt the
answer says is so good stir it up
because all this is on the bottom
the stuff is like really creamy of
itself the count tastes like cheese it
tastes exactly like cream cheese to
aftertaste Wow I'm trying a new flavors
called WP cream with yogurt yo dough
pardon the mess we're just kind of busy
right now
hey I don't think anybody can even guess
what's going on
you ain't got no idea I'm just doing
something to drop the can you guys there
we go
we got some good Hollywood lighting
during our food so right now I am doing
an audition
technically I'm we're filming it and
then we're gonna upload it for this
Disney movie that it's looking for lead
roles so I'm trying to uh you know hey
guys what's up
Kevin's recording right now you gotta be
the people are we're saying you need to
do it the end for one of us know hey you
don't know all right we've got film
ending and it's a new day
sorry if today's vlog was kind of boring
we didn't end up doing that much we
stayed home and uploaded and negotiated
with some companies and blah blah blah
so what are you doing my homework well
that sucks
I'll be done soon maybe think in secret
anger
I want to play hide and seek anyways
hope you have a good day and we will see
you guys when we see you guys Wow see
you guys tomorrow
Oh because of you and it'd be kind of
give me some hard
I can take no more
random dance moment sorry about that bye
Rob you are awesome man yeah well
