all right so we have a suspicion that
someone is taking a snack out of our
pumpkins so I'm gonna set up the
security camera right outside so let's
see what we capture I see my pumpkin I
know you've done this now what do you
have to say for yourself young man
huh
Hey
Oh hope that tastes yummy squirrel mmm
yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yep what was
that I had enough of you squirrel here I
come so much of it
whoa what's up guys so we're here at the
Denver Zoo and look who we found
to back down where are you going looks
like a claw look how close Greg is Greg
right there oh yeah what's cool about
this because slot usually sleep like all
day forever and like never come down
like this we came at the right time to
say the least
so we're going to meet Greg right now up
close and personal with great here he is
hey grant me Gregor good friends
so yeah it's like free day at the zoo
here but no one's here really it's just
freezing there's a lot more people here
earlier yeah cuz almost no animals are
out either
it's almost except Greg comes out every
21 hours so he got like the perfect time
yeah the zoo is pretty fun I like it but
it's just too cold right now okay so
we're trying to film but can't film it
ain't nobody here but we're just in the
dead spot no this is the best part of
this you I like the dirt in this wood
the rock arrangements are beautiful yeah
hey Andrew do you want to sleep over
here yeah you can sleep over oh oh I
dare you to go swimming in there oh yeah
hurry
look there's two oh wow convenient a
convenient poo right on the end dude you
know would be awesome to film a zombie
movie here imagine a zombie movie at the
zoo hey monkey would there be a zombie
like creatures - yeah elephants
it wouldn't be people it'd be like
trapped in the zoo zombie edition all
the elephants are zombified and the
giraffes wouldn't that be awesome
yes I like that they put up a Christmas
lights already seriously it's about to
be dark I bet this all looks the best
look we found a camel guess what day it
is Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike
dude he's hump like fell over this hump
is off humping what are you staring at
me for a widow put your head down zebra
is sticking his head out he's curious
it's too cold but needs to keep guard a
family hopefully there's no one in the
cage except for this what a good sight
and let that heat them pumpkins to
keeping it not to give themselves all
right I'm pretty sure the zoo's closed
then we're in here they locked the cage
so now we're a part of the deal
rad I try and get those people to look
alright so we're driving home and I was
just uh we just uploaded a skit to our
main channel and I was looking at the
fit yeah sorry we uploaded a skit to our
Channel whoa didn't think you had hurt
so many people's lives but I just wanted
to address like some of the comments
some people saying WOW unsubscribing
like and it already has like almost 300
dislikes just because it's a skit that's
why our fan base not some people like
some of our fan base really annoys me
like just cuz it's not a prank like how
could you why would you be why like some
of my favorite channels are like ed
Bassmaster so for example ed Bassmaster
he uploaded a skit he used to only
upload yeah it's when he does that he
uploaded a prank call people still like
it why does our fanbase like get so
upset when we upload a skit that's just
we just want to say one thing to the
unsubscribers of the Internet
right yeah so BMO say goodbye have a
good time honestly it doesn't really I
don't really care if people unsubscribe
or not I'm gonna make content that I
think's funny and that we like so if you
don't like it then fine
let's subscribe so yeah thank you to all
the people who support our videos no
matter what they are and there's a prank
coming this week too so calm yourself
Andrew you're doing No Shave November
you can't look looks like you're bald
right now what do you do you think hey
should continue or just forego this
forsaken adventurer oh all right just
got the Panda Express but I'm gonna
scare I'm gonna scare campus
and that all delicious it's almost all
gone I'm very hungry of myselfs bye
sorry sir we just got to gamestop
because tonight is the midnight release
of call duty ghosts' we abide or
anything what every time every time they
do a midnight release party they give
out free pizza and drinks if you guys
remember our grand theft auto midnight
release video we had free pizza so we're
gonna just get some free Pete to uncle's
disease maybe some recreation so maybe
we could play video game for waiting or
something does anybody like actually all
of you there zombie one looks fun this
thing is just so apparently game fun has
a ps4 you can already play demos on well
it says shoot like black it doesn't look
like ps4 graphics let's still like ps3
dresses this game playing like this they
couldn't upload this being better
xbox1 all delay guys times up this
controller feels way better awesome
okay we're really bored but hey they
have soda we're almost at the beaches
we've been waiting for like an hour for
this dang pizza all right we got our
pizza and now we're heading home we're
full now I got some extra pizza for home
lucky yeah so that was interesting we
had to wait for like two hours or
something for pizza
but I guess it was where I think this is
good but whatever anyways we did get the
poster let's take a look so worth it
y'all I guess that's pretty cool though
like that although most about this they
give up but gamestop cool
alright guys people talk to you tomorrow
hope you like today's vlog and have a
fantastic day
something happen in your shorts bro nice
