whoa hey guys what's up we are here with
my fiancee Brittany and Andrew is with
his fiancee Mary and we are here hi
we're here filming a skit with this
youngster let's say hello hi dog Wow
yeah we just filmed a skit with him
and it's gonna be really funny you guys
will see it soon right Andrew yes
me and him are bros can you say hi hey
something happen in your shorts bro hey
wave to the camera
don't drool though cheese who's that bro
whoops whoa
hi edge wants to film a line you show
the camera the vine you just made you
send me this message
no the two did he's waiting to the dog
Nick they're friends
I can BP right there what are you nuts
yeah yeah ah can you wait to have your
own little baby yes and no I want baby
bro but expensive I agree right Britney
girls probably have other reasons whoa I
was like a lot of those but yeah no baby
rocks no baby for long time Mary - Mary
hey can you wait to have a baby bro or
what I have a baby bro your your your
own baby bro your own self-made baby hit
me and Andrews little baby you can hang
out you can have like a playdate guys
what would your son's name be Gunther I
don't know if Brittany would approve of
any of our terms in baby name yeah James
hi a sewers I think that's enough baby
talk for today though you're honest
alright guys so just left Mary's parents
house I think this guy is gonna be so
funny and I just I'm gonna go home and
edit it I'm gonna see if it's good
enough for our main channel because
sometimes we end up filming stuff and we
want to upload it to the main channel
that's what we did with our how fine is
changing lives if you've seen that it's
really funny we filmed that like yeah
let's just upload this to more Jase do
but
it was like ah when it might as well
upload to my channel but the only thing
I sometimes get annoyed about is like if
we upload something other than a prank
usually people just get so angry in the
comments and then we get a lot of
dislikes for no reason like it kind of
sucks because I love making skits but I
don't know we'll just see me and
Brittany are having a dinner with our
parents we're gonna talk about our
future and stuff so I'm excited about
that we're going to get some good food
have some good talks and yeah oh yeah I
thought it was also funny when I look at
our me and Brittany's marriage proposal
our proposal video some of the comments
like isn't he only 20 why are they
getting married but that yeah I am 20
but I don't know why people think like
you have to be like 25 to be married and
we're not getting married for like
another year so I'll be like 21 by the
time we get married so we're not like
jumping straight into marriage or
getting ready for it we're planning
everything out we're setting ourselves
or setting ourselves up for success so
that when a marriage does come and we're
living together that everything is in
order and you know we have everything
taken care of most people don't know
that me and Brittany have been together
for over five years now so that's pretty
long time if you ask me so I don't know
I just wanted to address those comments
all right just got to my parents house
and usually when I get inside my dog is
always there barking and ready to greet
so let's see if he's here you always
have to grab something wow it is really
blue outside right now hello guys it's
Sunday uh-oh look at this you right now
I'm going to the movies with Brittany I
usually we ever well I usually don't
bring the camera down and vlog on the
weekends so this is like cool we're a
Qdoba picked her up and now we're here
to eat whoa this is like our favorite
date place cuz it's cheap well she
really wants it and I really want that
is the reason why we come here
okay so burrito chapo' doesn't have that
so we got our Qdoba to go and it's
secretly inner purse
we're seeing that Cloudy with a Chance
of Meatballs to the purse please mommy
no awesome and we're going on the
perfect day where no one's here whoo
and it's late and it's on a Sunday cuz
everyone has school so yes good we're
gonna get the theater all to ourselves
when I tell you the whole theater to
ourselves but not for long I know
hurry run so we're sitting here in the
corner because Britney doesn't want
anyone to smaller burritos good we're
sneaky it's a big hole in mine gosh yeah
it was too big come on a boat will be
there to flaps on the saw games flew
thanks dad
okay wheel and it's waffle this is
totally I'm gonna say that's Fidelma
free too
what's new we forgot to film an ending
but Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2
was really good I love those type of
movie so if you're gonna go see the
movies should go see that movie because
it's fun
I mean Andrews chilling out right now
hey he's editing the gaming video and
I'm everything a vog so yeah hope you
guys like the vlog and we'll see you
guys later
hope you're having a fantastic day it's
a hoy a it rhymes
mr.
ah
