hey guys so as you all know guys and
girls are completely different in that
right Brittany yes so today we wanted to
explain the that so today we wanted to
explain some things that are completely
different about guys and girls and what
they do differently so the first thing
that is easily noticeable about guys
girls are the way that they eat
nothing y'all I think on our agenda with
the differences between the female and
the male are the ways that they work out
when next has got to be relaxation in
downtime
so I think that about sums up the video
guys but there's only three things if
there was like an unlimited amount of
time in this video the list would go on
all day so for now we're gonna those are
the three will be back another time to
talk about the rest of the differentials
of guys and girls so if you agree with
or like this video yeah so so yeah
sometimes I don't know how to end the
videos
