whoa whoa what up whoa hey guys we just
got done filming some pranks yes we did
for we are making some videos for
awesomeness TV some pranks for them and
some of the content we did get might be
able to go on our channels too they're
really funny trust me today is Halloween
whoo so we're excited oh I want to tell
you guys I'm pretty sure you it good
everybody gets this deal about at
Chipotle if you dress up in a costume
you get a three dollar meal for three
dollars like a whole brood on for three
bucks so we're it we have a few
Chipotle's right here so we're probably
go to two and we'll get two of them for
the price of one and I'll be able to
stock it in our fridge and have it for
later right brown will bring you guys
along too so don't worry don't feel left
out
oh so I learned a trick at Chipotle it's
been proven that if you get a burrito
bowl you get more food than if you just
get a burrito I'll show you exactly what
I mean
trust me I figured it all out I did
research I'm a scientists I observe if
you want more food let me show you gotta
love the traffic nowadays uh always at
the wrong time though 5:13 that's like
heavy traffic our it look we're
snapchating oh hey guys I'm just I'm
making a vlog right now hey what up I
was wondering why would somebody want to
go to something that's titled back
I'll be there tomorrow are you watching
over there oh nothing just our new
gaming video it features us like killing
people a cool sniper attack yes you guys
if you guys are subscribed to our video
game channel we upload gaming vids
really we're pretty goofy most of the
time so OH
Kevin's back yes where'd you go bro yeah
here we'll show you just uh this video
is about cool sniper shots 122 sniper
shot
so our channel is called goof squad
gaming I'll leave a link in the
description you could check that video
out if you like watching video game
gameplays yeah and right now I turn on
the Xbox people always ask me what my
gamertag is that's that but I my friends
this is like always full so I can't
really like always add new people of
this though because I usually end up
like deleting people because if it if it
says they haven't been on Xbox for like
days like six days then I like add new
people who sent me a friend request oh
and I get messages and I can't always
reply to them because I don't have like
a keyboard I mean you just have this so
it takes like decades to reply but I get
some cool messages so hey I mean if you
shoot me voice messages I I can reply to
those the danger has a ps3 which is
gamertag is um fallen glory if you want
to play with us on ps3 we sometimes spin
and played it in a while though it's
really quit halo I think now we're gonna
go to Chipotle so uh yeah like cookies
or crackers take another I'm a banana
sponge monster today I'm a banana
let me yo what's up guys I'm a pirate
today are but I'm like a 80s pirate this
one hurts my nostril they look so funny
turn around keV what are you just a
black guy uh the time change is coming I
think this weekend right yes
what is it go back an hour that we get
an extra hour of sleep oh oh how I feel
about this time change
it's our 6:45 and it's like dark out I
wanted to be Sun out all the time now
alright we are here to pull a there's a
big line yippee literally no one's
wearing costumes
we're finally getting close guys Andrew
there's like so many people working back
there whoa what are you gonna get
burrito I'm gonna get a real goal don't
even care about the cost your burrito
looks so small I told them that is like
why are you guys like Padova when I get
this place tacky
you're like well you could ask your huge
incoming time to eat
we are all done and I am full me do we
got bags because we're gonna try and
trick or treat add a couple houses and
see if we get some candy because I want
caged cars are everywhere and we're
probably too old play bar you know what
I like yeah just as much as that
four-year-old does like it I want to
just film you go by yourself I'm in
Austin and I have some candy you're just
jealous cuz getting candy how am i
jealous if we're all getting canned
races you can hear guy you guys got you
can get that out of my face seven
Oh see that's the trick if you act like
a little kid you it's nothing you just
look like one don't and that's what a
little kid you're like you're like want
you shuffle I care for the bag gasps
fake kid see you know our daddy
trick or treat
all right we want to be yeah we do
oh my gosh look at that big cat they
went ham we can go as high did you take
a party dad it is a party dog look my
dad did I have it you see their candies
you gotta say tricker oh yeah
just buy this for no reason get them
loaded up it doesn't come like that I'm
just getting a picture Sponge Bob
Dorough do the banana dance what do the
banana dance with keV
near work era where can you do the air
worm kid Oh
two different cakes Oh what happened to
the high well you want to know what
happens I know after though some
squirrel is trying to eat her pumpkin so
I threw the ol out the window so he you
know you danced it oh I wanted to show
you all the candy we got we hit the
jackpot dimly I got one two three four
five six seven eight pieces see oh my
god you only got this much so we don't
get like very unhealthy of ourselves
this is my fave along with this is my
face I love all my plate of shoe maybe
jaitley cold cookies or crackers Kevin
no I shades
I'm from you ah hey I forgot to film an
ending so now it's like morning kinda
day after humming we were so hungover
from all the candy we had all pieces
audio yeah that's what we're doing right
now we're just playing some video games
that looks like real life doesn't it but
yeah I just want to say hello again and
goodbye
cuz this is the end of the vlog well now
it's time for the weekend and we're
ready to have a good time we'll see you
guys back on Monday I'm probably gonna
upload a vlog that I did with my fiance
a while back that I still haven't
uploaded so I'm probably upload that
like on Saturday or something so if you
like when I do vlogs hopefully you'll be
happy have a fantastic day bye
please leave off that card back I was
like he just put as many leaves as
possible to cover
