whoa sup guys so this is Kevin's car now
as you may know yesterday we put leaves
pretty much all over it but today
round three it's going to be intense and
so basically what we're gonna do is
we're gonna cover his entire car full of
leaves suggestion is at school right now
so I need him back to complete the
mission but in the meantime get the bags
full leaves I don't know if I'm gonna
put them on now or just to sit him on
the sidelines until we're ready to go
but anyway here's a before shot if you
watched our other vlog we put it all
over the top of his car and he posted
he's already posted like two Instagram
pictures of him Sam like I hate my
roommates Part one and Part two this is
a harmless little prank that we're gonna
just devour his car and leave so let's
get going progress is coming along
nicely we're gonna so funny I think
Tony's done imagine him like looking out
the window hopefully we'll get his
reaction
they'll be funny we just finished yeah
we just finished getting all the leaves
and my back hurts but look at this deal
done done done it's a big he's gonna go
out be so confused like it's hilarious I
bet the whole car is covered in leaves
so if you guys want to do a a prank on
your friend something easy during fall
just get a bunch of leaves and pile it
on their car it's like it's something
that won't get them too pissed but it'll
make them like laugh and big yeah this
is funny
now give this video like if you want to
see us do more pranks on Kevin here's
what it looks like from our deck just a
big pile
there's Andrews car there's this car
secretly sneak back in see if he's awake
what you do yeah you know annoying is
getting all those leaves off that car I
was like he just put as many leaves as
possible to cover that's what you're out
there doing no yeah why'd you party the
tree yeah you parked under the dangers
no leaves on the tree that's because I
thought I'll just fall right off but
they did to three Laden two guys so I'd
call that a successful prank Harpe
harmless prank
because oh you broke my heart we leave
we didn't break his car car so somebody
comment yesterday they're like your
roommate is really need to leave you
alone here's the progress yeah one day
two day three ha ha ha I hate you guys
he posted them all on his Instagram if
you guys want to go see him
yeah that was day one harmless he was
pissed at me for the just that oh my
gosh second like Wow let us know if you
guys have any funny halloween seasonal
pranks that you've done in the Commerce
blog yeah I hope you guys have a very
good Halloween I will see you guys later
have a fantastic rest of your day
hello oh I'm sorry
hard to say hello okay are you okay yes
okay all right
