yeah welcome back to board it no no you
can still be in it hey guys
Andres here you can be in it too no
welcome back two more days do we hope
you're having a fantastic day so far we
have a funny idea for today's vlog
really I'm not kidding
okay let's fire it up you have to check
this out you already know what's going
on probably by the title thumbnail but a
drew has these two epoch ATVs guys and
we want to do some fun modding as you
know we love doing mods to these things
which we are gonna do more soon don't
worry we've modded these up to the teeth
but what do you want to do to these back
okay so you know how we like using
cardboard for stuff like our pirate ship
box boards we're gonna build something
around this to make it like this epic
battle machine yeah cuz look there's two
seats this right here this right here
so the initial idealist we make like a
cardboard surrounding the whole thing
put a window right here so Andrew when
he's driving can see through it and then
up here is like the missile launcher
eventually once you get this going get
the cardboard hurry whoa
hurry Wow we've been working for the
past maybe two minutes and I think we're
actually done already so I'll give you a
quick tour yeah make sure you guys leave
a like thanks for watching and we'll see
you on the next episode
I found duct tape that's what I was
looking for I don't know why we just did
that this you can make like really
sturdy mods with some rope so you can
see look so cool before we even build it
we want you guys to comment right now a
name for this new vehicle you guys left
good comments on the ship so we're gonna
choose another name for this yeah so you
guys leave a comment right now of what
this vehicle name is what should we
start with though like should we start
with the front yes probably
you can't block this wheel huh see
because if you turn on he's running to
the yeah card border so what to think
about that cut around it cut it so that
when we put it up it goes perfectly
around the wheel wells right here will
have a huge shield and answer that rope
what do you use the rope for cuz this
front has I call this railing so you can
just kind of loop it around like through
the cardboard and I'll be very strict
you okay we're making some amazing
progress it is time for a wheel test
ready go yes on that side for sure okay
and this sides a little bit now that
looks good okay that sucks a lot better
this side cutting this and a little bit
of this side it's gonna be a window and
we're gonna make a roof for C so it's
just gonna be a flat roof that you have
to duck end
mm-hm so you gotta climb in like this
and then you kinda like duck in leave a
single charge yep okay we found
literally this piece right here the back
is one full piece so we've been able to
tie it as you can see maybe room for the
wheels
it's gonna be an ting
all right explain your newest idea I
don't know if this is gonna work but
we're mounting the final roof and I
thought it'd be funny be see this kind
of looks like a little tank part don't
we secure this to the roof of Justin's
head will poke up from out of there yes
let's try
see what we're doing here is do you see
okay let's install this roof
juicy looks insane nerf gun or a missile
launcher in here my favorite part is the
door here so the door opens up there
hold this this is my point of view right
now not bad you shut the door just do a
quick little tie off here so Andrew can
see right here but as a tank the driver
can't really shoot around so I can see
at the back and the front
Wow
I need to do a test drive yeah the roof
is secure let's go for a test drive
yeah get in here let's go for a test run
lock the door I'm locking it captain
make your way to the battlefield
all right I don't know where I'm going
though it's clear I can see
how's it in there it's pretty cool
let's go it was huge from this angle we
just found the cardboard at the store
and and then we're like let's make an
epic fun tank
oh no we're gonna have to fix this what
happened the thing is dragging and it
keeps going up against the car nuts this
is just a test run yeah so now we know
where we can fix and add on it looks
cool but this looks so weird do it if we
can like color this add some paint guys
okay so now that you've seen like the
whole build here what can we do to make
it better leave some comments what color
we should color it and any additions
that you think can make it more sturdy
like if you know anything we want to see
your comments this thing is just awesome
looks like some strange like battle Ram
I know all right guys that's the end
that's the end of the vlog and we're so
excited to take this thing on so my
trails and yeah out and do a real test
cuz we didn't want to take it out to
trails today because we didn't even know
if this would work but looks like it's
working so yeah let's yeah we have a few
more mods we need to do to make sure
it's trail rated Hey leave a like guys
if you enjoy these type of vids of us
you know doing our little custom fun
mods and we'll see you next time yeah
tomorrow we're gonna do more to this so
we'll see you then
back adios
