what up fellas today we are going to
film for awesomenesstv some pranks for
their ATS channel but before we go Kevin
our roommate we already know we just
think it's funny to put a bunch of
leaves on this car
he already already did it yesterday and
he's like what did you do
like what happened now it just looks
like his cars been sitting here for
decades like look at all the other cars
there's Andrews car right by this tree I
told him cuz he was like why are there
leaves all over my car was like well you
are parked right under a tree I think
that was you you yeah it's not like that
much of a prank but it's still pretty
funny we've gone into this I bet when
everyone comes home and parks like what
happened to this car see all the leaves
fall they're falling right out at all
caps car oh that leave literally just
fell on his car Oh
anyways that was our good laugh for the
day hey yeah we just got home from
ranking at the the mall I forgot it's
called Park Meadows Molly yeah and we
came back and Kevin's car was gone we
were hoping we could I'll tell you I'll
just show you later what we're gonna do
because he keeps posting instagrams
saying I hate my roommates to be bit we
put leaves all over his car yeah
yesterday yesterday was just the
windshield the whole car well almost
perfect but trying to eat look at this
up YUM yoga pretzels yeah okay guys so
we want to take the time to show you
some of our merch we don't talk about it
that much but now we're ready to put it
back into full throttle and we're gonna
hand we have a big announcement if you
follow me on Instagram like I said in
the last video yeah you can follow me
too yeah and your site
anyway we have some new sunglasses and
they're up for sale right now I will
leave a link right here in the you could
see it right now and in the description
so if you want them there's I don't know
how many there is gonna be available
probably only like 300 or something like
that so if you want them and if they
sell out we'll do it again but don't be
worried about if you think they're kind
of high-priced this is high-quality
sunglasses these are like probably ain't
no Toys R Us scam it's like good quality
like Oakley quality but like a different
style like all this is matte
it's not like that really sucky the
symbol is just like on there nice and
that's why oh yeah my friend Chris who
runs this company called detour he's the
one who's making all these sunglasses
cool boxes they got the sunglass sleeve
they go in it this is high-quality h2
will yeah so the and on the website
you'll be able to order different lenses
so so look so we got the blue ones fire
ones the polarized shiny black engine
just regular these ones are more
expensive though because the lens is
polarized yeah and they're better for
your eyes my favorite ones personally
are these blue ones so I think those
will be third I think once Andy likes
the red ones but they're both like both
of these are just looks like a cool
sunset going on it's so sick and if you
ever seen sunglasses like these no you
haven't so I jump on the jump on buying
these right away you guys are the first
people I've been telling about this this
vlog and on Twitter so follow me on
Twitter yeah you guys get first dibs so
here's your modelling of them pretty
cool you look classy everywhere you go
I'm betting you people are gonna be
where did you get those shades bro okay
everyone if these do really well if they
sell well then we're gonna make some new
ones and I already have some other color
ideas in mind that'll blow your mind
bros I'll be wearing these like 24 said
are they got a parent car not our cool
edition but like the other detour
sunglasses yeah and on his website I'll
link below as well d2 or sunglasses yes
of different styles so if you head over
there and take a look he's got a lot but
I'd recommend these because they also
say
Jase do Studios right there so you're
representing us boy and we're if you
guys want us to make more merch like
other stuff then you like more t-shirt
designs so if we came out like more
awesome t-shirts would you guys buy or
would ya cuz these two and this one they
we only have extra large left in this
one and there's only a few left I don't
know if I'll do that design again but
this was a discontinued button yeah
probably it's really cool though we're
gonna get another cool design but these
will drop and I think these are super
cool they're up on our I'll leave a link
at the end and in the description and we
have these bracelets up for sale they're
like I think these ones are five dollars
because see like they're kind of
indented and then the cheaper ones are a
dollar or less they're just like printed
on so they come off easy so I'd
recommend like getting the the more
expensive color they're like the bow
store whatever you call it yeah and it
said hoi a and our name and they're
pretty cool and then here's some posters
that we've had for a while but haven't
put up for sale because we haven't like
got anything to ship them with because
that's just our fault I'm not sure if I
want to get tubes for these or I'll just
put them flat down because I doubt if
like you guys order them I wouldn't want
I'm getting all bent but we're gonna get
that taken care of soon and we will sign
all the posters so you'll get some
limited edition I think we only have 50
in each color so which colors your
favorite mine's red so yeah guys check
out our merch store and go right ahead
and buy some stuff no ham and the
paint's well actually a fan sent me this
idea we're gonna make a shirt that says
just giant Hawaii on it so if you guys
want a Hawaii shirt we're gonna be
making those I'm gonna be doing some
designs like hopefully so but you know
the only way we can make other designs
is if like you guys actually show some
sort of interest
this guy's like start buying a lot we're
definitely gonna do like ship every
Friday just that's gonna be the new
standard around here or even sooner if
we just go out in a row right by him
pretty rad at but anyways sorry if
today's vlog was kind of boring we were
filming today and didn't really vlog
that much but we're gonna jump on it
some are hope you had a fantastic day
yeah
