whoa hello again hello again
we're going to a haunted house today
whoa you guys want to come
oh we have coupons must see one dollar
off such a good deal yeah so here in
Denver they have a haunted house called
the 13th door there's one that's also
called the tert 13th floor so I don't
know we went to that one last year
though good yeah it wasn't that scary
but it was fun it was fun but we're
going to this new one this year cuz
apparently it took like find your way
out or something right code let's hope
all right okay doesn't want to go so can
veil that's not I don't want to go it's
just I have videos to do still it is
seven o'clock at night Halloween that's
the only time you can go to the viewers
want to see you get scare you want to
see me get scared fine I'll go I get
comments saying yo idiot you didn't
upload anything on your gaming channel
I'm blaming all y'all
well you had this morning to work on
that yeah I did that's true
I'm so excited right now Kevin's coming
I'm also very happy cuz we went to the
grocery store today
Kevin fine let me take you to the fridge
crib style this is this it this is the
fridge man if you're like that but uh we
got some buffalo chicken we got some big
old sandwiches or like the size of a
football hot dogs we got free Orange
Crush
cuz the Broncos won't cares oh you got a
freakout night all this frozen stuff
like waffles chicken don't even go there
mozzarella sticks all of that the burger
that good cheddar and cheese bacon
burgers I just want to show you my
favorite yogurt back basically is
anybody else have a favorite yogurt Nusa
new stuff is so dated if you buy from me
I'll try but yeah Kevin he or she never
comes with a grocery store with us so
it's like a miracle he came he usually
goes to Wendy's or talked about every
day every meal
no oh but yeah here's my cabinet it's
full of goodies I guess still have this
it's for me this is for me and my family
is sweet wedding present do you know
wife I got you a can opener hey you're
gonna need that I have a caliber also
guys I'm not going to show you in this
vlog what's in this box but if you
follow me on instagram at j stu studios
you will see what's in here and it it
deals with merchandise um wait what kind
of merchandise well I don't know but if
you check out my Instagram it'll be
there and also yeah I'll probably post
it will probably post a video talking
about them here in a couple days or
something yeah right charge yes sir
of the heck are you ready to go or are
we don't play monkey business all right
oh you all right now yes right now yes
we also think Kevin's rat blind hey I
found that out how save him he fed them
too many defective carrots yes all right
we just pulled up to the haunted house
and there's a line obviously I am scared
dog yeah it's just gonna be cold while
we're standing out here cuz Colorado's
weather likes to be chilly of itself
we got jams yeah
yeah we just bought our tickets but
already I want to pick a bring camera
into this Bonita it's far just insane
dark I know it's gotta be title night I
just don't want to hold the camera it'd
be really funny though you'd be like
shaking like this scary here we go
fellas all right we are back from our
haunted house adventures you got to go
in - whoa you can't see me I'm do you
like
well we did get to go on to haunted
houses with our passes so that was fun
but what are your first thoughts with
Oscar it was exciting but definitely
probably fit a bit better keV just be
good scared you jump scares yeah we're
in a group so if we three Armida and
owned all the people up there basically
yeah so we're talking about what we
think could be the best one they we're
saying that people or some company needs
to actually like rent out a hotel or
something like abandoned area I'm sure
maybe that I actually they already have
something like that but not what we live
so if you guys have something like that
in your state leave a comment let us
know because so we can go next year
maybe we'll travel and do some haunted
houses for fun you're doing a really
good job
Hey whoa see at home
I'm about to make burger and I owe him
too but he's busy
oh willing to show you guys our video
got on the homepage of a misson check it
out MSM video otherwise this downtime
but sweet shades hey so funny like that
makes me laugh every time guys oh really
yeah they trimmed it down to like a
minute it's still pretty cool that they
did all with us clips with me on my game
they put my name Justin Stuart and his
friends why can't it be my name I don't
know what ok Kashi hopefully we could
get more videos on MSN and then well
after that well just have our own TV
show how does that sound fine yeah that
sounds horrible yeah if you guys haven't
seen our uh casual zombie prank yet
check it out ok because it's really
funny I think since it's Halloween yeah
yeah what do you guys gonna be for
Halloween you can be like something
really cool Oh like a cracker or cookies
a glass of milk if we us
JC Studios hosted a Halloween party
would you come is a question no yes we
wouldn't ever host on our part it's just
a question if we why would they say no
though well I'm just I want you to be
honest so now I wouldn't go
that's fine I really want honesty on
this question look at the screen see it
says it's dead it's about to lose
battery guys both to this dungeon but
well guys we forgot to film an ending
knowledge dish I just wanted to say that
I'll be like this kind of short vlog or
whatever to pull in app conceive some
burgers and food and watch The Walking
Dead because and calves taking a shower
because we got in some row
hope you guys have a good rest your
night day and um we shuck a million
tonight we'll see you later
ah uh-huh
good
well see you later ah
