okay so we are in California today and
guess who were with well this way oh so
we are with Billy and blank so tell
tell the audience about yourselves guys
oh hey that's almost know about us are
you scared me oh my gosh whoa allergies
well that's all you need to know really
what you need to know about us is we
talked to the great gods of Gondor we
changed every part of our day yeah we
love Jase two wheels just see ya without
Andrew and we love Brittany by the way
we get ready to sew um but we just were
just honored to have them here yes and
and we absolutely adore them and we know
you guys adore them and we will always
support them and watch every single
thing they do and you should too yes
because they're funny they're hilarious
and the entire family can laugh and you
have to get all eight belly laughs every
single day you could at least get 8y
owners you can at least and after you
watch them then you have to come and
dance with us cuz we're known as the
first family of fitness from dr. oz and
from shark tank and so then you got to
come dance with us but laugh at them
dance with us huh if you guys didn't
know like you said they're on shark tank
so like join their classes what you guys
have classes every week don't you yes oh
my gosh sorry boss is everybody there
Assad me hate the blanks com something
like dance it out dansa I'll leave a
link in the description and we're here
actually to shoot us unlike her show the
love it shows your ex love it that's a
price yes pranks you're really gonna
want to watch these pranks coming up I'm
gonna just trust me Chester yeah a lot
of good stuffing it'll be here soon so
hold your horses and yeah oh and we're
here with Eric too high what up he's
like
he's another guy right I'm the guy yeah
he films look at this camera whoa not
too close not too close now because
either girl easy sy said that we're not
supposed to film here but we are what no
break-in the law Justin sure see I we're
setting up and we're gonna be shooting
the interview here this is this is a
cool like Hollywood studio kind of thing
I have auditions from for a Nickelodeon
and then he said HBO so I really want to
come here an audition but but don't live
here guys look how cool it is out here
too we can like film out here and
pretend like we're in a movie or
something crazy Wow am I never land or
something
I no words I can type really good at
myself he punched himself cypher in
interviews right very quiet cuz you miss
a party oh you be quiet you know I think
you should have at least eight belly
laughs a day I want to thank Justin and
Andrew so much for being my special
guest today I love you guys get some
stuff ready for physics listen yes going
on with her pig holy why did I even go
to school I should just learn from you
again they call me Bill Nye this science
man all right we just got done shooting
for her show so we're packing up
everything and I'm gonna head back to uh
actually probably gonna get some dinner
I think right intro I'm starved yeah we
haven't had dinner cell will take you to
wherever we're going yo so we are at the
what is this called again gallery
the Sherman oh yeah sherman oaks
galleria and we're gonna get some food
you guys didn't know something I andrew
has are like told anybody he is like
deathly afraid of elevators you didn't
know that
here we are to the restaurant like this
isn't it's not a weird name for
restaurant fuddruckers I don't know what
you're trying out here bergersen stand
what you want to get Moss I don't know I
got powerade water and whatever that is
call not Andrew burger is so take off
the top dog what did that dream so lucky
laughs right I think I should go like
other ingredients for my mistakes I'm
latisse yeah zoinks we got the buffalo
chicken oh god no thoughts concerns oh I
do my face yeah that's like garlic bread
cheese that's probably like a thousand
calories and I'm gonna enjoy every
little bite I'm really excited guys
all done with dinner now time to roam
around the square right guys yep now
that is what I call a perfect kitchen
table that is chairs but it's like a
couch
do you want to buy this bunk bed it
seats five here I'll get the top
hey you scared the crap out of me you
should go sit in there hurry i'll fill
me
a selfie bro
we forgot to end the vlog
on the player
where are we well
survived round oh hi
we are seeking
Vettori located doors of that comment
it's come along beautifully what is on
your face though that's what I'm
wondering me too it might help
