Andrew hi what what are we doing today
or what are you doing not quite sure you
look like a army it looks like it zombie
almost if you say no you just wait these
brushes are clean they're gonna feel a
little damp cuz I just cleaned out of it
Andrews ready to get to zombified up Oh
oh wow the heck is going on I don't even
know really if it look like but yeah
guys so today we're at one of Andrews
family friend's house
she is like a professional makeup artist
or something like that so she's dressing
us up like zombies well today she's
getting Andrea only so it's gonna take
like an hour and then we're going out to
do some pranks I think it's gonna be
epic he already looks pretty scary so
this is gonna be a pretty funny prank
I'm hoping I'm just hoping we get the
right reactions if not then that's okay
but it's coming along beautiful Oh what
is on your face though that's what I
want me to yeah what happened to your
skin nice now we got some blood we're
gonna put on a shirt hold your shirt off
on the bottom like Oh broke like the
bleeding match holy crap that's insane
alright we are ready to prank this at
Walmart
yeah hopefully we don't get kicked out
it's not a mass so I don't think we can
but and hopefully we get some people who
stream I think it's really scared okay
so we just got back from filming the
zombie prank for Andrews Park yeah
that's if I'm your part but I'm done so
he's gonna take off the skin now so up
itself maybe no okay
very bad well bath some brow mascara oh
now you just look like really new year
without him really how do you think
today went though I'm pretty well I got
some girls the screen yeah we got a lot
of good footage so that video will be up
in like two weeks I think not this one's
day but next Wednesday yeah right before
Halloween right perfect
yeah all right guys back in the car um
being intro done filming for the day
obviously so I'm going out to have some
dinner with my family and my grandma
because my mom's birthday is in two days
so we're having a early dinner for her
because I'm gonna be in California and
Andrew and my girlfriend so we're
celebrating early and yeah I guess I'll
bring you along why not say hello to my
family again hello hi hi hi well hello
I'm just flogging it my mom and grandma
yeah so we're Red Robin which is
delicious is here's Derek the father of
me
yeah I'm really excited because I
haven't been the Red Robin in a while
and eating out as always something nice
because being a college student you have
to pay for your own food you don't get
to go out to eat that much so this is
very nice how old are you like uh gram
eh
Wow you are old four five four five four
five not 45 you're 49 4 plus 5 m9 but
both not good at math
smile if your Red Robin you have to
smile at the drink I just walk
whoa non-alcoholic it's like a raspberry
why made
yeah you guys can take a step
don't judge me because I have my name on
my shirt got to know who I am right the
food has arrived and look at my salad
old junk
it's time to eat fellas
Thanks what key yeah we forgot to film
an ending again we're in California
right now why you what all right one
California cuz me Andrew and Brittany
are gonna be on the love it shell what's
that please explain
Hey so yeah this is our ending guys I
hope you like to buy goodbye we're gonna
walk here in California too so be on the
lookout
glad I had like a day off today just for
randomness sake and I wanted to come out
here I want to like film a video my bro
Justin yeah we're good Frank word so
hopefully this video is gonna go really
well
