hello guys so guess who we are with
today it's me oh not just Andrew I'm
with him every day but we are with so
who are you people don't know who you
are yeah I'm pretty sure everyone's key
i've actually it's not my go if you
don't know who he is and i have a
problem with you yes I'm calm ski I was
on this season of America's Got Talent
I got fifth place I'm actually a
magician and yeah we're out here maybe
filming a prank today and I'm pretty
excited because this will be my first
prank so um this is gonna be a lot of
fun yeah he so happened to be out here
in Colorado
like Andrew saw his Instagram video and
stalking me I don't know why it's all
good no I'm glad I had like a day off
today just for randomness sake and I
wanted to come out here I want to like
film a video a bro Justin yeah we're
good Frank word so hopefully this video
is gonna go really well yeah so we're
gonna be goofing around today we got
some wigs I'm not gonna tell you Jack
Lord ooh but you know you'll see it it's
gonna be a him so yeah so here's what
column looks like dressed up like a hobo
Wow I almost ran into that tree IRA
we're on the lookout for another victim
so yes hello yo what up guys so we're
back to the apartment we already
finished pranking and yeah yeah got some
hilarious footage but now it's time for
Chipotle so yeah that's like overflow
that's what you call I hope they don't
find out they're gonna just continue I
haven't I'm shut down two times trying
to get this to pull a muster know that
they like that they refuse me they like
your new policy I'm like that's wrong
there's no new policy I've done this
five times so they say you can't get it
cuz it's way too much yeah
and I'm like it's rice like rice is not
that Rises the mostly six like
inexpensive part of this whole meal
and then they're like what you got like
four scoops of chicken you'll be fine
I'm like what do you mean that's the
more expensive enough yes see the time
the kaepa you hungry and by the way yes
I believe you've heard that profile
picture all right we just got that well
not just got down believe filmed a video
for Colin's channel that's gonna be
radical he still has his to Paul right I
do not get too much but leftovers is
always very good yeah I love love I have
leftovers too so I'm stoked
yeah we're dropping them off from the
hotel and giving a footage over because
we felt we filmed all the stuff in our
Cameron hotel is oh yeah we're right by
the Bronco Stadium pretty awesome let's
go in the hotel good do it smells get in
here
I really want to film an awkward in that
awkward video now figure but I don't
know how this is the deafening GoPro but
we I want to go up there to the Malon oh
it's open till midnight
the bar is but we don't drink so sorry
oh we don't all you have to do is and
sanitized well the lights don't work
this was my bad yo here Wow goodbye ah
whoa we just left calling to ins
kolinsky right yes buddy it was awesome
look at the big Lobby button I need yeah
that makes it really handy sometimes it
just has one you don't know what that
means but this Lobby yeah but yeah now
we're sad cuz yeah we don't get to hang
with him
please this like Chipotle oh yeah I'm
sure we're gonna definitely do more
collaborative in the future so be on the
lookout and let us know if you like the
prank I don't know if it's up water now
but yeah but if you're in the city where
Cullen's is doing a show you should
definitely go see it so worth it we
obviously haven't been to one but we
already know how like good he is at
magic and like good stuff like that and
so just oh so he's awesome so I don't
know where you can see these tour days
for him but I just type in calling
Sookie he has a Twitter account I'll
leave a link in the description yeah
he's doing it right now with America's
Got Talent so I'm sure they have
something on their site 36 cities
they've already been know I can eat so
they have a lot more to go yes the
chances are he'll be in town sooner or
later yeah wait this vlog isn't going up
oh yeah we're gonna upload this tonight
right we don't have my uploaded a vlog
today well that kind of stinky why oh
it's almost midnight but probably uh
technically tomorrow but I'm Mabel
tonight right not tonight but I guess
today yeah good bye look what we're
playing because we are bored what are
you doing sir
Hey
hi so yeah this is of what we end up
doing in our spare free time in the
middle of the night really don't get
that much spirit free time these pins
we're gonna do about the washing at
night yeah well we got a rocket launcher
this guy will regret punching me and
promise fire whoa we go ready boom so
you gonna test me in laddies I need a
car Bob ready
blast
how's your meal chair oh my god don't
get that cameraman plague enjoy my meal
we are so tired
