where we going today finding homeless
people again yep we are shooting a video
for jaracz channel and it's gonna be
dandy it's magical and it won't cost us
too much money either Wow which is
always a plus sometimes we end up
spending some moolah on some pranks and
that's never fun so I think the thing
you notice about like a lot of magic
Frank type videos is it involves like
giving away like just a ridiculous
amount of money and I ridiculous I mean
like five hundred dollars I guess is not
that ridiculous but still youtubers
aren't like rolling in dough so it's
nice as I like come across on a fact
where you there an idea where it's just
like you know it's like relatively
inexpensive and like it's still like a
really good idea we're going to the
there's a big it's just a park and a lot
of the homeless people chill at that
Park so that's what I'm gonna probably
do it it's gonna go viral so what love
to be sponsored thanks your pal Jared I
know I could see us doing it I'm doing
it with putzie and this fans being like
you should have done it with coke yeah
seriously
so here the jerks video involves soda so
we're here to get some soda whoa yo
right bro this thing's dying
dude you should have seen those babes
that were outside they totally wanted me
all right by the way jerk is a fiesta
movement driver so he got this car like
for free to drive around lucky and what
did you just win
I won a One Direction pillow mccrane
game wow you ladies must be so jealous
of him Hey
who is it it's Niall Niall man you're so
lucky man just get to the location right
here by the denver library which is four
stories tall seriously insane this part
of Denver is really pretty and open and
the big city right here he's so nice hey
it looks like the president president's
place
he's a groundhog I had to hope it looks
like it
like really cold out here hand it's a
pretty chilly so it's kind of hard to
film cuz no one's outside it's it's hard
to set up what we're doing because it
requires the steady hand
and we're like so it's like oh yeah it
doesn't help that you guys like this is
probably like your first like legit
magic trick that you guys are performing
so you guys are probably real nervous I
haven't seen nervous so like I'm nervous
and then I'm cold so look at this
building looks like a transformer
building I am building Tron
Wow so yeah we're at downtown Denver
right now that's awesome here
those stairs are pretty cool why is the
road smoking bro do you have to go to
the bathroom but just some parkour
yeah I know Oh heavy day yeah now
watchtower is awesome the clock in the
colors just showing the fellas what a
site down here it's so awesome so pretty
if you ever been Colorado come check out
a Rotary Park our Denver 18th and rap oh
oh you go to LA the streets are packed
these aren't so
did you poke
16th Street Mall yeah there's a lot more
people on the mall area everyone comes
here to chill got a lot of restaurants
that looks nice Wow
see ya bye
right pritu cameras
you are so fired by year
oh I thought I was way softer you got it
not so bad now I can't pull myself up I
got like a good grip with one hand okay
yes
join me
all right we're back in King Soopers and
yeah what else
this man is forcing us here because he's
going to cook for us forcing myself to
cook well I'm the guest in their house
so we're gonna be cooking this spaghetti
meat ground beef we need sauce you need
obviously the spaghetti noodles and you
want garlic bread Department man it's
gonna be good so look at the price of
this helper Wow Wow
they better have been produced by Louie
the aides what's so important about
Louie the eighth-inning that better have
been back washed on this bottle of
alcoholic beverage so basically you make
alcohol but you won't even drink it is
that what you're telling me yeah what's
going on this is I think that one's
trying to mate is it get away from me
jerk
where do they dump in their pants why
can't this one walk it looks like it's
like trying so hard though I'd move out
of its place we are so fired
wait fresh mushroom what are you
auditioning fires you are so fired got
the wrong thing so she's fight it was so
why did you bring up the mushroom it was
so like impossible to keep a straight
face yeah I feel like I have to do like
five more times to get like before it
happened that's some funny could do in
the store just goofing around with the f
player have to say it like that though
you are so fired fire we are so fired
Appetit buon appetito
do you enjoy so yeah it's like 1:00 in
the morning and
sorry this is tomorrow's vlog will be
good or technically Pinkley today's vlog
because we're doing a meet-and-greet
tomorrow oh yeah hope at least one
person coach are y'all putting this now
or tomorrow now okay well maybe you
should say like what time and where in
case one person could come we're having
the meeting greet tomorrow or today at 2
o'clock at the 16th Street Mall here in
Denver Colorado so what sort of man are
you filming me I think this is time to
end the vlog hope you guys are having a
good night and a good day we'll see you
tomorrow
supply yeah
a lot of firsts today boys
first time collaborating together first
time for chick-fil-a Wow this guy isn't
at chick-fil-a what
