bah hey guys so guess who we are with
today know who are you bro jarick 122
teaching magic on YouTube and I do magic
in real life
so be on the lookout you might like make
us disappear I hope you guys know I'm
doing is I'll use magic pranks on yours
so it's Jarek and Casey they're here to
chill with us for the week yeah we're
gonna do a lot of funny stuff
and I don't want to spoil anything for
you but got some some good ideas man
whose vlog camera's better shut up you
can't even see yours I don't care haha
I'm so good that I didn't like put
myself in focus without even looking I
can see it bang in here kids see it bang
in here turn the camera
no guys we're going to Wendy's right now
give us a spooky story babe one time
there was this man his name was Kevin
she went to go do laundry you when he
got back his eyes were dirty laundry was
clean but it actually didn't take him
ten seconds to do his laundry he a
missus he said
ah hello hello what are you doing you
got to shake up bitting you shake up the
thing you got to shake up the thing you
got to shake up boy
oh this okay then we fold it up oh do we
keep folding it - all all goodbye psycho
psycho I don't know how to put this in
the bar because there's so much language
you're supposed to be balancing bro
girl hand me another beer okay
sitting on third sir sir no 35 pretty
girl by my side many separate orders
once I get ya
all right a cup of water what Stan
you're doing good and then all right we
got some my knees and now time to chill
and just play some video games
so Leah were playing video games I'll
enjoy my chocolate oh you just look
absolutely stunning
thank you a lot of firsts today boys
first time collaborating together first
time for chick-fil-a wow this guy hasn't
at chick-fil-a whoops sorry first time
wheeled any of us will have owned a
briefcase just look absolutely stunning
well thank you it's a lot of firsts
today boys first time collaborating
together first time for chick-fil-a wow
this guy hasn't that chick flame whoops
sorry first time wheel any of us will
have owned a briefcase
Shelby yes it's gonna be gonna be like
growing lost good day just arrived to
chick-fil-a yes
some people place strikes first
this probably I get epic all right let's
see I want I just want to see your
reaction from the very first bike
Oh tell them what just happened to by
the way all right so basically we have
this on film too so I came up and
basically Justin was saying get the
spicy chicken and you're saying no you
gotta get the original it's your first
time so I went up and I said this is my
first time a chick boy the manager
freaks out is it what the part of has
literally said what part of Afghanistan
did you grow up in and so he was just
like how about this you get the spicy
chicken I'll give you the original like
free and I was just like yeah but those
monies look really good too how about
this you get the spicy chicken I'll give
you the original and some Nuggets free I
was like Andrew said if he could get
some too
they said this is my first time as well
so if you go to chick-fil-a and get this
it's the best get a free chicken
sandwich just for going you could do it
on your phone like that one this time
yeah here it is oh this is chicken
thoughts concerns displaced chickens
really really good kind of like it's a
really good kick to it
it's all right like it's crazy how fast
is this is like New Order's Justin
before it playing they even gave you
change back I know they didn't even give
my drink yet and he's like here's your
feelings yeah okay let's see dude have
you had this sauce yet chick-fil-a sauce
no yes
time to eat those see you later Bob all
right guys thanks for watching today's
vlog I know we kind of cut it off
randomly at chick-fil-a but like vlog
for any of the rest of the day because
we literally were pranking for like 7
hours getting a bunch of footage for you
guys so the prank is gonna be up
Wednesday with Jarek and it is just
gonna be hilarious because we got so
much good footage so yeah we'll probably
blog more tomorrow
everybody is inside Andrew went to bed
Jarek in case you're just playing some
video games so I think we're all about
tipping bed cuz booth along Dean we're
pretty sleepy I'm sure we'll do more fun
stuff to round up Phil but all for yet
it's really dark and cold out right now
I don't know why I'm out here you guys
tired but was it worth it oh yeah but we
will talk to you guys tomorrow
purple things he does he does this
energy test Oh or off to see the Wizard
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz
