right now we are filming for our
kindness video we're just waiting for
the person to get back to their car
because we put some flowers on them it's
kind of hot in here oh yeah we put like
a flower with a nice letter
that's something super simple that
anyone could do just go to King Soopers
and buy some flowers you don't even need
flowers it could just be a note yeah
just get a note and put it on their door
on their windshield
it'll make their day that's what life's
about making people happy and feel loved
and spreading kindness and joy and oh
there's this homeless guy that is always
sitting here whenever we come down to
this part of town downtown Denver
there's a - homeless guys that always
sit there and they always have like
cardboard and stuff so we thought we'd
give him some food the one guy didn't
want any for some reason but the other
guy did but I don't know it definitely
feels good giving people food and them
getting all excited about it so it's
been a good day so far guys
we could go straight into I'm about to
have a coma
Oh Oh traffic around here is annoying as
all get-out seriously come on man I want
to just get home I don't know why he
won't be driving slow up in here come on
man just got done and I just got done
giving some cookies and showed it to the
firefighters that's something really
easy and simple I think what everyone
should do because firefighters work
really hard
yeah they deserve and they risk their
lives yep big fires especially we had a
big fire here and a Colorado a couple of
months ago but there's a Colorado
Springs that was intense and they were
always there too yeah so that was easier
than we thought it would be just cuz we
didn't know if we could go in there with
just a camera like pointing at them
hey guys there's a doorbell you ring and
they have to come outside so worked out
good yeah so if you got firefighters in
your scene don't give them some
heartwarming snacks maybe you can make
your own fresh cookies yeah
I challenge love cookies that's a fact
all people love cookies what are you
doing almost pretty school eat my hair
is what kazooie today yeah me and Andrew
and Kevin we're waiting for Jarek to get
here he's taking forever
no sorry let's see what keV ease up to
oh yeah what's he doing on top of
Timbuktu
what's up my man I said going back he's
the one who bit my camera the other day
yeah jerk Oh keep it off
look at him climbing out ah
he has termites just tweet it out to
tweet this so my questions or random
stuff and yeah I will see what you guys
came up with right so if you guys are
following us
you should because we're gonna be more
interactive on these vlogs with them
mine's j stu studios andrew mines yeah
yeah this is yeah so let's see what you
guys have matthew Luchini what is tour
favorite youtube channel you might or
favorite YouTube John not sure which
YouTube channels are touring right now
but a Bray
so so Bray
Julian 13 just tweeted me sitting what's
better a purple lion or a blue elephant
I'd say definitely a purple line because
lines are always cooler than elephants
duh blue elephant cuz Wow a zoomed in
there but ah tweeted me making creeps if
you all made a movie about your life
what famous actor would play me I
already know Jim Carrey and I see you
zooming in Jim Carrey yes I choose Jim
Carrey Megan because I think Jim is very
inspirational because he's so funny
missing Channing Tatum cuz like we'd
have similar muscles I'm not one Danny
Tanner please talk about how much swag
you guys have look well first of all
what is swag first off swag basically
the definition of who you is and I got
so much swag and my ps3 controllers read
you guys getting a lot of tweets here um
Zima 1998 asked me would you rather
never have started YouTube or have
YouTube but not be able to use any other
website I definitely want to use YouTube
and not any other website because
YouTube has everything I need Kaela
Nielsen asked can you just come to
Cincinnati so we can finally mean be
best friends
I've never been there before I've been
Ohio before someday we will go there but
I see Adam asked me who is your favorite
band
I must know I really enjoy
a day to remember well Avicii I love his
new album when you and your girlfriend
get married with will y'all still make
videos yes we're off to see the Wizard
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz because
because because because because of all
the wonderful things he does he does
intended to test oh or off to see the
Wizard The Wonderful Wizard of Oz
remember that wonderful over my toe
sticking out of my soft yeah yeah I got
you should do it again
no it looks so funny yeah I think that's
all the Twitter questions for now we got
Instagram - we never really promote our
Instagram or Twitter wall on video we
usually just promote in the description
but I'm gonna verbally promote it right
now Instagram we post pictures all the
time I had posted to picture see I'm
Jace - studios hit me up and on
Instagram in other news I've been you
laughing at me in other news I haven't
told anybody this yet on social media so
I'm telling it to you guys first we are
getting some j stu studios sunglasses
yeah I know so they should be here like
in a couple days and our friend from
detour sunglasses I'll leave a link in
the description he's helping us out with
those so once those are out there's only
like 300 of them so you should probably
get them because they're sick - like I
get neon yellow aren't what Meehan
orange and like skyed neon blue with
like orange lens this is the end of the
vlog and by the way this is the end of
the vlog by the way this is the end of
the
still waiting for Jarek he'll be here
I'm guessing in like 30 30 minutes 30
minutes so he'll be in tomorrow's vlog
so be on the lookout
doubts so it's gonna be radically okay
let's get a prank he'll be out here for
like four days so I think we're gonna
get some good stuff together get some
good videos he's a really cool guy too
and he knows cool magic trick so I guess
we'll show you in some vlogs maybe so I
guess we will see you guys later
hope you having a fantastic day and I
see you zooming in again
