so how do you feel about 200 feet of air
being between the browser oh like scared
to death that's about to change
no way no no well good morning everybody
and welcome back to more juice too I
hope you all are having a great day and
if you're not if you're feeling sad if
you're feeling a little depressed
whatever it is I want you to know that
you are loved jesus loves you so much
and you have so much purpose here on
this earth I hope you realize that just
want to fill you guys with some
encouragement today because you know the
world we live in is so dark and so full
of evil it's really sad but Jesus came
here to bring light and show his love on
all creation and yeah I just hope you
guys have a great day and hope this
video helps you take it better anyways
andrew is not here today he is in whole
Ohio so you guys get to hang out with me
I have a very fun idea today so a while
ago there's this ride here in Colorado
Springs that is probably one of the most
scariest rides that I've been on and and
I have a friend named Tyler he's never
been on it before and he is actually
very afraid of heights so I'm gonna take
him on the ride and I want to see his
reaction because I think he is gonna be
so funny because if any of you are
afraid of heights you'll understand but
this ride is intense so let's get the
day going I'm waiting for him to get
here that we're gonna get some lunch
because we got to fully prepare for this
ride okay guys Tyler is here a lot of
you may remember Tyler
Tyler's a dad it's the same time is
flying guys but Tyler's never been on
this ride what are your thoughts he
doesn't even know what the ride is like
he just kind of like heard of it hey I
hate Heights
I hate Heights Justin guys it's Brittany
by the way the wifey no tears such a
good
friend I never do this I already did it
it's extremely scary but super fun so
it's just like I'll do it again with
I'll share that never do again but it's
good thing we'll have it on tape because
none of my family believes I do things
yes
all right well what's it going guys so
Tyler when I threw this idea at you what
made you say yes if you're afraid of
heights and all
well we're packing right now because
we're moving and I wanted something else
to do even something this extreme even
something this extreme time to get some
lunch I love this place it's called
mountain mamas they have the best deli
sandwiches ever and it's all organic too
late
out
oh wow Kanna lunch was good maybe it
wasn't the best idea that we ate before
this Tyler are you okay I turned the
camera on you were like freaking out
it's just yeah I shouldn't ooh guys
we're almost there and then he's gonna
see what he's gotten himself into it
also is a beautiful day here what about
70s today yeah and look at this view up
on a cliff so the ride is just this area
is called Cave of the winds it's like
this whole tunnel system of caves that
these kids found back in the day but the
ride is an add-on which you can just
come and do the ride by itself that's
what we're doing
all right you're about to see it for the
first time here's the so yeah there's
the device up there Tyler you getting
nervous kind of terror jacked oh I'm so
happy that you're here cuz there's no
way I would do that those are the things
you do for your besties yes see this
would be me you guys this is me and then
Justin's trying to film just put a
camera in his hand you guys they're
playing this video in this store and the
girl and on the right with the blue
shirt she's literally passed out and
then she just woke up oh my gosh
okay I'm not gonna lie I'm actually very
nervous even though I've already done
this before I'm not writing why not oh
it's easy it is easy just falling off a
log no yeah just falling off a log a
really really really high log I don't
know about scarier I said it was bad we
almost called it the warm fuzzy bunny
right but what could be more friendly
than the warm fuzzy bunny ride yeah I
think back
probably I feel bad for you hey we're
making memories do you want to kiss it
right before you go my gosh I'm getting
nervous oh my gosh my hands are sweaty
okay okay oh my word I'm so excited for
you
oh oh is he gonna sit on the right oh
man do anything like this before man
yeah just a little more good you found
works tell my wife and my daughter I
love them I I don't have any words I
can't believe I'm doing this I'm just
saying like oh I could never get used to
this feeling yeah just yeah
does this thing drop is out I don't even
even tell me what it does he just said
we're doing this for a long crazy ride
oh dude like feel my heart rate feel my
heart rate right now if you guys feel
lunch if you guys feel lunch coming up
look away from each other yeah I
wouldn't look how beautiful
yes yes oh my oh
scared to death that's about to change
I'm gonna scream like a little girl you
know that right
yeah I are you sure no way
you just slow us down that's fine you'll
kick us up
I'll just hike up go yeah we'll walk us
walk up you I need to bring us all the
way out you know how was it don't wear
off in a couple of months my holy people
drop them again never drop them by with
you put her real quick
no I wish you could go backwards it'd be
pretty fun that would be hold actually
we prefer going value alright guys you
made it stand up and over you ready yeah
that's a hill accomplished you can you
conquer the world now I can conquer the
world he said he wanted to do skydiving
so this is pretty different why that's
different is like skydiving it doesn't
register how high you are Wow yeah like
yeah this like you're actually like I'm
suspended and I know I'm exactly 200
feet man this right now definitely
it's everything I've ever done in my
life someday you can know leave a like
if you want for it to try it someday
nope nope she did skydiving come on
what's different about this you can't
this you can see where you're gonna have
splat alright we're back at the house
now but you got some root beer floats
because we need something to just relax
but boy oh boy guys if you're ever in
Colorado Springs
seriously come try this ride pterodactyl
a cave of the wind it is the coolest
craziest ride Tyler any final words you
have to say about this ride experience
any inspiration to give to the audience
also we got Daisy here chillin with us I
think it's almost time for her dinner so
she's kind of desperate but leave a like
as always if you enjoyed today's vlog
and we'll see you back here next time we
just appreciate your guys support and
always coming back to watch our content
and stuff we hope we can give you
something to take away each video if
it's just laughter if it's an
encouraging word but you know we
appreciate guys so have a great day and
we'll see you next time goodbye
