Oh what's up fellas so me and Kevin are
going on a late-night King Soopers run
since the Broncos won King Soopers does
this thing where you get a free liter of
soda and a free doughnut so I don't know
about you but how can anyone pass that
up
you win doughnuts while you can don't
Phoebe oh my gosh behavior my way oh
yeah we arrived just in time because
they close at time they close at 11:00
and well it's 10:30
Oh keV is gonna be pissed if they put
all the doughnuts away I'll be
thoroughly upset cuz that's the only
reason you came here Wow I don't think
we're gonna get any oh well there are
cookie all right should after when the
Broncos win you win free doughnut after
the Broncos victory but there ain't they
ain't gonna be no cookies except here
the free cookies for kids
oh look at that girl why she is I've
never seen a start from the bottom video
no butter butter bottom now we're here
and a grocery store yeah really
they're like three things like a 2-liter
well there's diet crush is that it's
just the right word or Pepsi but
unfortunately everything's going with us
the doctor and we get the cookies
they're sugar cookies no one eat so
you're just gonna roam away thank you
this is something fun to do in the
grocery store there you go
okay oh man
did you guys just see that that was
crazy dude dude have you ever go into
King Soopers and see something like that
just almost about a fight went down we
were trying to get cookies
Kevin almost shouted worldstar I was
about to I don't want to get involved
though see how's a perfect time what
perfect time to bring my vlog camera and
capture that owe me a good thing you
brought that I was like why are you
bringing up the grocery store that's
gonna happen some happen all right hey
guys it's the net yeah forgot to film an
ending what's new but I'm back at the
apartment and Andrew just went to chill
with some other bros that he knows that
we go to school with now I'm just
editing the prank for tomorrow and guys
I am so so excited if you guys see this
actually it's not a prank so we just
have to see you tomorrow it deals with
kindness that's all I'm gonna tell you
so really excited for you to see what
we've been working on and I just got a
text
be on the lookout tomorrow Jace to
studio is gonna be up at like 1 or 2
o'clock Mountain Standard time so yeah
whatever that correlates to you as for
what we're doing the rest of the night
probably nothing that fun
I think we're what we're actually gonna
do when Andrew gets back meaning we're
gonna clean because you know as we said
in yesterday's vlog Jarek is coming here
the other youtuber the magic he does
pranks you know he's gonna be here in
our place is kind of messy let me show
ya yeah
don't judge me nobody's perfect yeah
probably the only good thing Miley Cyrus
has done in your life saying that verse
I mean it's not like some sort of pigsty
in here but we're gonna make it nice and
clean clean up all the clutter is when
you're adults and you don't have your
parents forcing you to do chores or
doing them themselves you have to do
them and and sometimes you just slack
know I'm sorry but you're gonna do it to
you unless you're like a really clean
person which is probably good things
take out that Kenda's game in here what
we doing car hope you enjoy today's vlog
and seeing that guy almost get into a
big fight at King Soopers gotta watch
out for them villains here two new
videos tomorrow yes very good of us ok
guess we'll talk to you on the flip-flop
side later
I gotta pull up I'm gonna get this all
settled a lot more my house right now
what's the address my job they had to
drive to a certain address right nope ah
driving it was plain to summer into my
home
