hello guys guess where I am
haha oh yeah it's just Andrew today hey
Andrew hey what are you doing I was just
watching
Colton play video games does anyone mind
you
I'm like moving randomly though by
myself how do you do that like I just do
about myself
look who did hello I'm back but not
really yeah so do you have anything to
say to the fans who have been commenting
every video where is day cap I'll be in
a video soon okay
what are you doing though in life
Colton's food look who else it is only
true fans will know who this is what's
his name Elrond Elrod his actual name is
what Colton is actually cam
oh yeah only true fans will know who
Kevin Kevin is right right yeah hmm see
ya right now we're just chilling at
Colton's house this is like a bro
reunion kinda we all haven't been
together in like five days for like a
month yes five days not same no it's
been a while
so we're chillin Colton's just doing
nothing hey comment below what video you
want to see me in when I do a video okay
yeah Cole T - oh yeah ultimate
challenges - but we did the first
ultimate challenges at his house and the
second must be here just for good
measures
they wouldn't make a and Luke booming
but just like Jacob has to go home now
any last words
young man
well breakfast in the morning don't do
that you heard her from the man himself
don't eat breakfast
what do you want a vlog did you watch
the blog I put you in it the other one
come on watch this man huh
I hope you guys liked seeing Jacob again
yeah we don't really get to see Jacob
that much because usually he's working
throughout the whole week and we're up
here in Denver and he's in with Springs
which is like an hour away do get to see
him it's uh it's fun yeah yeah right now
we're working on a new video for you
guys it's not a prank though what's
going on the main channel it'll be up in
two days Wednesday every Wednesday you
know you know what's real and Andrews
eating something
it looks really gross up close stop nope
my ass okay you better come ready and
action
get it off me hi guys so we wanted to
show you a cool website that we use all
the time it's so fun what Frank dialog
just explained as like a pre-recorded
person talking so when you call them it
starts recording and so he's like hello
hello so like if you do it you don't
have to say things the person or
whatever thing you play does it all for
you so we just pranked our YouTube
friend Jarek how to disturb reality and
it's hilarious take a listen I just want
to know why she drop off these pizzas
I'm not sure I can't quite find your
house was it a road I was a street what
exactly was it
I did an early number is that look you
ordered about 20 pieces and three cokes
it's worth to sprite so I'm just here to
drop them off with uh whatever party
okay how about address our weapon we're
talking to deputies and get back to work
addresses you've got a form sounds real
instrument no that's how it works
oh yeah totally I totally ordered like
20 pizzas and peddle my house right now
what's the address my job just had to
drive to a certain address right so
that's how it goes and we got him good
he was pissed when I told him that was
me do you have a cool new collab coming
this week Jarek from how to disturb
reality he's coming out too
coming out to visit us he's coming out
Wednesday night so be on the lookout for
some cool new vids with him he does love
magic tricks right he does some crazy
magic trick see Allison check it out
sick stuff being Andrew have been doing
this or doing this 100-day workout guys
it's crazy yeah that's what you get for
leaving him alone just like a little
piece of missing out of them over here
it's not bad nothing noticeable but a
good thing I caught it me time
what's freaking bit my camera send that
diminish away okay we're gonna work out
now so we'll see you in about two
seconds so it's gonna be like 30 minutes
for us but yeah hello again George as
were hideous not judge me again
hi Kevin yeah guys we promote healthy
living so if you guys are working out
you guys go to a gym do you do home
workouts px90 you do the bench yeah so
one of the most important things after a
workout is to have a really good drink
and healthy food healthy living y'all
proud on our deck right now it's pretty
nice and you can't see a thing
look it's a flower so I guess we'll see
you tomorrow so hope to see you then you
guys have a great day boy eight eight
I'm talking on tardy heavy with I try
hard to serve now I'm in better shape
often do all this cheddar but when you
ever said
