yeah what's up okay so I just got off of
school and it's it's like five o'clock
right now I you should have class till
five o'clock so on Wednesdays so it's
kind of hard to shoot a vlog usually
when I have class but I'm back and I'm
going to just show you around our
apartment I think you've already seen
our main channel video but since its
fall right now everything is just so
pretty look all the leaves are changing
colors and I got home and Andrew and
Kevin weren't there so I am gonna go
find them cuz I think I know where they
are
ha I know what keV I just I know them
too well they parked over here because I
think they're shooting the video by the
lake so I'm gonna try and find them
secretly so nice out of here you guys
don't even understand its man this is
like the perfect weather I think
seriously like I wish I could just go on
one of the boats just chill on the lake
with like a nice drink or snack or
something
hey are you where you guys are on the
lake okay I'll come over there nah man
see this is like one of the main reasons
why I love living up here in Denver at
our apartment complexes it's got this
huge lake with a nice walking path
around it you just come out here and let
all your stresses go you know just think
walk around the weather is usually
beautiful especially fall here in
Colorado I don't know about whether you
guys live but fall is like one of the
best seasons because it's not too hot
it's not too cold and it's just so
colorful it's just it's like it I don't
even know how to explain it but finally
in the shade
right over there guys I'm gonna burn up
like a little ice cream cone who can't
find his way home I like this part of
around the walk too because it's just
peaceful it's like a little meadow got a
nice seat you can see the lake all these
trees we've shot in a few we've shot in
a few of our skits around here if you
guys have watched any of our skits we're
gonna upload one of the skits
we filmed on this channel this Saturday
so be on the lookout for that
but what found them what are you doing I
have egg all over me from angry don't
use that you look gorgeous yeah what's
finished there it seemed good you having
a good time out here bro sure brought
out on me from a stupid mosquito you
should have brought off okay we should
have aa I'm going in the wild I'm gonna
jump over it you guys scare me too
you dare me to really alright I'm taking
your dare thank you
if I I don't want to go cuz I'm gonna
get these all dirty and they're nice
okay I'm gonna put it on my hand look
I'm a good jumper though so let's do
this I did it there used to be water
here too and now we're in a wasteland
here in these prehistoric times
dinosaurs used to roam the land freely
recta palace t-rex's tyrannosauruses all
those types of dinosaurs used to chill
in this area it's beautiful though might
I add look at this is Sofer heigen
quarry that is a type of bacteria which
forms after the water leaves
they're settling down for centuries now
we come over this way I'd love to show
you some more things
I am scientist Justin look here here is
a Liege eye or otherwise known as algae
this stuff is formed because of sludge
if me and Andrew and Kevin made like
some awesome like boat that we built or
something like we built like a wooden
boat out of wood somehow and like bring
it out here secretly and just go out on
the lake I think that'd be funny even if
it failed be fun to just see us trying
it out see over there this is like bird
island for some reason they all just fly
over there and just chill it's really
bright stop it sad you're hurting my
eyes
so I get crustacean Ville oh that's
awkward
did you finish nice leg legs hey keV
right in the forehead
how did you miss someone's having a nice
treat tonight oh where oh where did the
little goat Andrew go oh where oh where
could he be he's got gray shorts and a
black shirt he's standing next to keV
alright back from the lake and it's time
to relax eat some food and chillax as
you see I think we need to do a little
bit of cleaning up around here got a
cleanup he's getting a wee bit messy in
here and it's time to eat oh if you guys
ever had these boneless chicken wings
Buffalo any types of black Tyson oh I
think those are really really good if
you ever cook them make it like a snack
wrap wrap it in some like tortilla like
this and then put some lettuce cheese
ranch and hot sauce oh you got yourself
a good wrap that's what I had for lunch
today so but yeah on another note Kevin
and Andrew went out to get some Chinese
food I had to pass because I food here
and you know spending money isn't always
necessary in my budget you know so oh
yeah and if you guys haven't seen yet
but we uploaded a main channel prank
it's up on Jace to Studios you just
check it out if you already checked it
out did you like it I saw some comments
we already start getting like hate
comments saying I go this is getting so
boring and why do you guys can't come up
with original ideas blah blah blah I'm
annoyed I think it's kind of silly when
I see those kind of comments because
it's not like we're running out of ideas
we just give the fans what they want you
know since we started following madness
usually in every video I see doom or
falling bla bla bla so we thought we'd
add a twist who are falling and slip by
signs but some people don't like that
but it's okay haters can just go home
because they're not invited to this
party I'm in Kevin's room without him
knowing he's gone
you guys it no kevin has some to pet
rats whoa oh you okay boss there's the
other one it's Yoshi and koa they're
friends hi
it's a camera whoa he's trying to make
an escape close it up
Wow do you guys go kamikaze mode if you
don't I mean all right I'm done fiddling
around I think this is a good place to
end the vlog hope you guys like today's
vlog going around the lake
pretty nifty eh but yeah hope you guys
are having a fabulous day time to edit
eat and just enjoy the rest of the
evening
hope you are as well I hope you guys are
as well and we will see you guys
tomorrow
have a good day Huy eh
