what is up my bros and dudettes it is a
beautiful day here in Colorado so you
can see it is the sun is shining the sky
is blue and it's just it seems like
summer isn't over yet thank goodness
and it's funny cuz you know what's funny
about Colorado the other day it was
flooding if you saw our flooding vlog
and now look at it like what what it's
dry out here it's hot not a train in
sight right I haven't shaved in a few
days I shaved bangs we are heading to
Costco right now because we need
groceries because we are college
students who don't have our parents food
for free anymore sadly they have to buy
our own food and Andrew just got a
membership at Costco well sort of this
thing is Mary got a membership at Costco
but when you get a membership you get to
have at least one other person sign on
for a free card is so we're yeah taking
advantage of that
so thanks Mary
a good thing about costco is things that
come in bulk but they're cheaper which
today we're gonna show you some super
stick cool like cheap things to get
while at Costco okay here we are
Costco's
the heck is wrong with you oh I like
Costco I don't know which I like better
though Costco or Sam's Club if you guys
ever been do either or or is there a
different one where you live because
there's both where we live what do you
like better much the exact same right
yeah but that are different that's like
coca-cola and Pepsi you got like one
better it's true I haven't eaten all the
flavors in here yet so let's go uh-oh
that's a big key oh these TVs
I wish everything in the store was gone
and we could have like go-karts or
something what are their other best
things about Costco and Sam's Club it's
stuff like this is they have free food
booths so literally it's like a giant
snack if you just go through all the
food booths I got pretty full last time
so the only sucky thing is you have to
have a membership to even shop here
which I don't know so yeah they have
even massage chairs in here let's try
this is the best hello we got to take
off our shoes and get this nice massage
for free you guys like so bored oh no I
get actually there's my job for that
right now a lot of photographing pasta
oh this looks delicious
sister why she is
delicious this is delicious
I guess so
looks like we got some hummus bread it's
like dude that looks disgusting
I don't like seafood guys all right we
got a great a shopping cart but I can
eat mine it's so awesome I got her to
say delicious the next free food it's
chips and five-layer dip this is like a
party you get free snacks yeah all right
how we have plum bread
never heard of that before that
wonderful yes Chiquita with guacamole
and look at that good deal seven bucks
72 peeps of Bagel Bites so good ah we
got some nice little portion of noodles
yakisoba or whatever these are called II
don't I come here every day and just get
full on these little appetizers the
whole thing you go great can this day
get any better
what I recommend when you come to stores
like these shop with a friend because if
you go by yourself you're probably gonna
be in then you're probably gonna end up
paying like a hundred I don't know
you're gonna spend a lot more than if
you went to King Soopers but if you play
with a friend you split it and you get
the best deals I'm saying big shop at
these kind of these kind of stores with
friends you get better deals so don't go
shopping by yourself unless you have a
family so a big box for food for 60 60
bucks when they have pizza here food if
you're done shopping in here hungry but
can't wait to get home and ice cream is
churros now successful day shopping time
to go home and cook some food Andy what
are you gonna be eating this evening
have steaks return the freezer
yeah that's not bad I guess notice
anything different about me
yep forgot to film in it hey sorry it's
just becoming a habit and it's probably
not a good idea we're gonna start
filming endings when we're done with out
of whatever we're doing I'm sorry it's
funny because of you dude I've been
doing research okay okay you keep doing
that bro that's what you're here for
yeah but yeah we I mean I really had a
good time in Costco I don't know about
you that lady who runs the massage chair
says that you can just come in any time
and get a massage its goodra stress
reliever it's nice so I think I might
have to do that again cuz you can just
sit in there for like 15 minutes it
gives you like a full-body massage so
it's pretty nice but I don't know what
are your guys favorite stores do you
guys have memberships Costco or anything
like that if you do or if you don't
actually maybe try and get one because
free food cheaper but in bigger bulk so
I like last longer
but just make sure you go with a friend
as I said before
so anyways hope you're having a very
good evening very good day wherever you
live I don't know and we will talk to
you guys tomorrow how does that sound
good
any last words you want to say this has
been adjacencies production we are done
yeah I guess we're done so see you guys
later it's Danny sieved uh Cathy we're
uh
