what's up guys so we are back percent
manager Pauly aren't gonna upload vlogs
on the weekends cuz Grant photo no yeah
so we're gonna be uploading during the
week as it's easier and we're at our
apartment usually on the weekdays cuz
usually we're not so right now Andrew
what are you doing why are you shaking
your head at me anyway
we're going to get Grand Theft Auto 5
we're going to heat some Grand Theft
Auto comes out at midnight they might be
bros right now it is 9:30 obviously it
comes out of midnight so me Andrew and
Kevin are heading to gamestop and to
King Soopers to get some snacks because
once you get a new game you always have
to get turned up like energy drinks you
know snacks just whatever suits your
gaming needs yeah anyways we thought
we'd just bring you along the journey of
us getting the game and getting snacks
so Kevin swagged out ready he's been
waiting his whole life for this game as
you can tell with his Grand Theft Auto
poster and that's about it
man that's dark out here turn that off
welcome aboard
Kevin Airlines this is a car whoever
said that it couldn't be Airlines oh
this is pretty nice you mind if I join
no one's gonna get that saying but it's
alright
we have arrived the game fat this is how
we brown
Wow they cleared the whole place out
juicy I think we can just take it so we
came to gamestop expecting the line this
is what we found just got a receipt you
guys are packing we could buy those
instead good plan
Roda not sorry buck yes yo so we just
hippity hop added to target because
they're having the nerf gun war in like
30 minutes so we thought hey let's get
some snacks
we're following leader keV he knows
where all the goods are yo pass oh oh oh
what are your guys favorite drinks to
get when you're hey Bros I know have you
ever heard of this brand love grant
Archer firms not a sponsor
Archer firms the new energy of today
spots with my doctor peppers don't
really drink soda that much cuz you know
so this is not the best for you but only
on special occasions and pulp those
pants before I give you detention when
you're in a grocery store here's a
really fun thing to do when you're going
through the aisles with people there or
with people not there whoa oh
wait dad
only four in each box only Kevin's going
hand in the pink he's got full monsters
yeah and here passed me bro Wow he
seemed terrible passed
all right so me and Andy made up our
minds we're getting coffee and an energy
drink each go split it cuz right I'm
mature I swear
look Starbucks can never go wrong with
Starbucks now for snacks berry blast
Dassin I dare say my piece Cafe du kan
dark nuts
spirits new trinitarian blue diamond is
in all the diamonds that's what what
your perky jerky knees it's like okay
it's like getting an energy drink with
beef jerky turkey jerky I don't know
about that uh-uh yeah dead Beauty racing
glasses in mercury free Pipkins who'd I
say mind women this new BL piscina
bill aged mighty for fun group and ruin
no we have to leave that crossed no it's
time to go now they'll hear us
what are you doing bro
please keep this young man in your
prayers heaven in no girl law cloths
loss just turn off the lights in here
guys I'm getting kind of scared it was
funny because we were just while we were
checking out the lady said she didn't
like Kevin's shirt at all look what it
says just the black guy people and he's
the black I don't I mean it's not really
I think she would joke about no she was
serious because she wants the world to
be more equal than I'd like
I agree too but it's not really unequal
o'clock yeah
like it's not 12 o'clock oh crap
alright so we just went to the store to
get sent off but thank God we didn't buy
snacks free pizza and drinks are you
happy Andy yes you happy campus oh he's
already gotten pizza I'm so happy right
now this is like the best Game Stop ever
why don't we do this more often
no bro dude how awesome is this
I don't know about you but I don't think
your game stop gives you free pizza boy
you're way too that's your own opinion
the ones that Pittsburgh dude really
yeah that is your
all right we're an intense battle right
now it was just finished the nerf gun
war and we lost but I know I hit a guy
at least three digs I though they
cheated I sure did but since we won let
me show you
he gave us $18 I might've given that's
wrong all right I did kill something
Kevin right I the ammo like Amina and
Justin did a good thing I was like going
around the car watch out behind you I
turn around and I ran away I literally
saved his life so if I was in the
battlefield man I would have got like an
orange star after a while it has a road
so yeah now that we got the game if you
guys didn't already know we have a video
game channel and you should probably go
check it out or subscribe or something
cool because we post funny gameplay
sometimes we're gonna pull all the time
I was being sarcastic gosh I were doing
an unboxing right here for you guys and
Wow
um can I get two crispy chicken ranch
Snack Wrap Kevin J mad on you get to fly
the atomic blimp so we just put in the
game and you have to install it first so
we are doing that right now I think it
takes like 10 or 15 minutes to install
so we're just patiently waltzing around
the house doing absolutely nothing every
vlog we need to do this just this exact
8 keV yeah when I get in Kevin is I not
moving at all not even think dunk
he's got diapers ready we're gonna end
the vlog here because we're gonna play
and if you want to see us playing the
actual game
click the link at the end and check our
gaming channel but I guess we'll film
another vlog tomorrow or something so
come back and hope you enjoyed your stay
see you guys that we see you guys peace
okay what do you suggest to lose comps
like what's the tactic yeah well just
like go this way cuz cops don't know
you're over here oh okay
