hey guys welcome back to more J still
hey Kevin can you he's barking he just
wanted to be in the intro right but
check this out what are we doing today
gear yeah we got yeah we got some GoPros
stuff and we're gonna use it and they
got an upgraded go-cart which I don't
know much about that one try no I've
been hearin the go-kart track that we're
that we live by they have so many new
upgrades they have like two tracks but
they also have like a Lamborghini that
you can drive a what a Lamborghini let's
get going what are you doing I don't
know and here it is guys overdrive
Raceway indoor kart racing this building
is absolutely huge and like I mentioned
before it is two stories of just pure
fun going in and there's barely anybody
in the parking lot yes by the way how
you guys doing today if you're having a
bad day we hope that you're watching
this we can provide some entertainment
some laughter to cheer you up
right there's so many reasons be happy
today like yeah
right guys bertrise goods have cool
shirts - yeah and the racing ones whoa
you gotta know they have like a club
here so if you race you can keep you can
race with all your friends come out and
compete bring some sick footage
so this is the bottom course it isn't
really swag so cool but upstairs we're
going to the new go-karts he told us
there's a turbo button there so you can
switch between manual mode or automatic
mode I have never seen go carts like
this before
it looks like manual how do you do man
you on a go-kart
I don't know but have you ever driven
manual before in a car nope you have oh
yeah there's a try but it'd be really
glitchy oh yes yeah look there's Bob
Andy what guys can you see that I hope
that's coming up adult Rockstar number
so this course up here it looks like
it's a the Rockstar speed track look at
it Oh get that away I don't know I just
kind of got that at vibe but guess what
guys Andrew and I are the only racers
coming up it's me versus Andrew so leave
your comments right now who do you think
is gonna win
by the way my name is ball Vandy so and
then we'll take a look at our stats we
got the fastest lap stat the it should
be pretty easy to get a fast lap because
there's not gonna be a bunch of like
Bilbo's crashing or yeah when we've done
this before we've actually been here
when they have full races and as much
fun as that is sometimes you get stopped
because people run into the walls and
stuff but if it's just me and Andrew
they look plenty of room to drive don't
so worried about other people oh dude
this is these things go upwards the 45
miles an hour
I dream even and they are designed to
keep the cards from going over the line
just try faith and consider it our
state-of-the-art ship with force
on the interactive console for a
three-second 10% power and speed boost
in those helmets right there beside the
chart right here for you want to go
ahead start with your strengths eyes
away from their gear up boy
yeah so we're next check out our cars I
get this one I get the pink coat of ice
eyelashes and this is Andrews but look
at the screens
got the screen right here with the boost
here's the paddle shifters right here
I'm excited now let's get on their
helmet what size
never mind we're getting new carts
because one of them has a GoPro mount on
the side already so we want to get epic
shots for you guys so moving the gofer
floor thanks yeah how does it feel bro
you stuck in here
here is my new one put the GoPro right
here yes this is sick Kim you got the
rock star energy booth you're like like
on the outside
point in space in that way words like be
like yeah maybe just right here we can
play it that way yes perfect
Sheetz
man
okay it looks like I did a faster lap
like week four seconds how did you do
that I don't know I must use your boost
at the right time
yes I got +14 on my pro skill how did I
get - fool
you're definitely just a better racer
every time you go go-karting Justin
always wins
barely technically I wasn't funny laughs
up here is 19 seconds and we have 21
seconds actually he has the record there
is yep you've got the record but we're
going downstairs what did they say
downstairs with us so upstairs it's like
this speed track that's all I found more
straightaways they can go faster and
then downstairs there's a lot of turns
so it's like more technical maybe more
drifting drifting I'm trying to get the
biggest drift around the like a super
girl you can try to okay okay let's go
all right let's do this
best of the week
Andrews thank you right here still hung
up
I see point zero eight Oh legit we have
one rule in second man yeah we're a
closer on this one yeah
dadgum hey fourth and third of the week
all right
thank you check this is this still out
here Oh No
but if you guys enjoyed this be sure to
leave a like cuz they have a Lamborghini
where they let you go on test drives is
that basically and they said we could do
it so if you guys want to see that we
will come back yeah if you're ever in
Colorado Springs best go-kart track Bar
None anywhere first ever two-story kart
track in the country man yeah leave like
for that Lambo back home now and this is
the end of the vlog so hopefully we were
able to bring you guys a little bit of
joy from watching this just thank you so
much for coming back every day and
watching we appreciate each and every
one of you you guys are all awesome and
so loved don't let anyone else tell you
otherwise we'll see you back here
tomorrow all right
have a great rest of your day peace out
