hey what's up you guys so guess what we
went to this store and bought something
awesome let me show you dry ice we
bought dry ice I bought something off
opening this chamber Mason you came back
holy crap a big block of friendly ice
now we're working on it dry ice prank
it's gonna be insane and it's just so
fun to play with they can put in any
drink and well here's a test kind of
confusing to customers man where'd you
put my water by the way there's the big
chunk okay this is super hot guys oh
dude green how are you living now watch
the lid I mean let me get a closer look
that's awesome
hey let me see real quick moving around
cheers my friends all right so what
supplies do we need for this adventure
explore our supply list got a cup here
for when we go through the drive-thru
and we have our cup but chick plays an
opener so we're gonna have to get
different mods and since hot water works
better we got a thermos with hot water
we're just going to trade the waters out
perfect I think this could be the best
prank of human mankind so we are
building a new camera prank hidden box
so we can film yours contract this thing
the whole thing we do
this is just perfect anyways we got a
total of 17 minutes of clips which
obviously 17 minutes didn't make the
final video so we have a bunch of extra
clips and just failed attempts for you
guys just watch so enjoy so I got a
thing a ranch - what happened to my
water what is this
I thought I ordered like ice cold water
this is like boiling hot
I like that is it recording - no this is
like steaming from your guys's factory
in there
great I'm going on
if you want to be if you want okay oh oh
yeah we're just pranking it's full dry
ice
no I recognize you guys really yes from
YouTube I've really loved you guys
really yes no way I was like these guys
at least seriously breaking me rap I
thought oh my god you scared the shit
out of me well I don't know
did you put no you just gave it to me so
what I did I think he did cuz he gave it
to me I feel like that isn't science
oh geez whoa aah whoa Wow is this a
spriter to you immediately oh it is wow
it morphed
whoa ow geez
is this is this a sprite ma'am man don't
play me with that I ain't playing
nothing
you just can't okay what trick how am I
gonna drink this
prick
ah
duh
is it oh is this the sprite I don't know
what's that it seems kind of cold
so that's just water right
understand
hey guys I hope you liked the prank and
if you did enjoy the prank let us know
in the comments if you want to see a
part two obviously you should probably
write that in the main video but right
here is fine as well just know any place
you want you can tweet us just whatever
well we like film these by the scenes
videos too and also quick thing
Kevin guys because we do a second every
vlog we come right here anyways Kevin
helps film this video the dry-ice prank
this prank cannot be done with two
people we have to have three people so
Dean Andrew and Kevin was in the back he
was the dry-ice master yeah you switch a
ruler he did an excellent job putting
the dry ice in every single cup
perfectly putting the lid back on and
handing it to me and Andrew and he did
one too but yeah
and then I did that switch but I wasn't
as good as it was I dropped one in the
seat somewhere so yeah be on the lookout
tomorrow because we are uploading some
more dry ice fun we do some really cool
science experiments I guess with them
yeah
one's gonna like blow your mind it was
insane yeah it's pretty cool so make
sure to subscribe to this channel
because it's our official vlog slash
behind the scenes channel so if you're
subscribed you'll always get the daily
updates or whenever we post so gusoff
content make sure to make sure to check
out the main channel video annotation at
the end and we will see you guys later
okay
hoi hoi is this a cold water er yeah
Oh what is he you get you all you get me
I was cool I don't know if this is how
this is kind of
you
