what's up guys we are going to the
Denver Broncos football game right now
because Andrew got some tickets some tix
bro get that preseason game I've got
some pretty good seats in section two
hundred so if you're gonna be there
tonight
coming to sports games like this is
perfect because there are so many people
here to prank each crazy but they won't
let us bring the camera into the
football game so we have this small
little handheld camera that looks like a
picture taking camera
Wow we're here we got free t-shirts mom
to survey the guy
United in orange vocals for the win org
you know I went on this date with this
one girl and she was like crikey yeah I
gotta definitely think I can tell you're
terrible hello let's drink huh yeah
so in vessels we call the double tap
he's perfect
ages right now he's turning to burp and
they get those people to turn Russia and
he can get
can we get a quiet break here some
African
oh yeah hey guys we forgot to film an
Andy
well actually the camera died right so
we weren't able to film anything else
after the game but that's okay because
now we're filming this so now we are
gonna go play some basketball
and look at this cool thing my
girlfriend made Greg the sloth
isn't that the best I'm really hungry by
the way Here I am have some banana chips
over mine oh I'll have like not much
food anymore I'm running out of food
banana chips make an excellent but every
day I want to go out to eat but honestly
that'll take a toll on my budget which
is bad thing about banana chips is if
you smell and it's not the bag it just
smells like poop oh man you're right
yeah I don't know if this is just me but
who else likes pickles a lot and pickle
up drinking pickle juice what are your
thoughts Andrew Andrew hates pickles for
some reason isn't that crazy actually
drinking the pickle juice it's like
insane weird I know there's not more of
me out there I know there's more of you
but that's just why are there more of
you what do you think about pickles
Kevin like Tommy pickles are just
pickles eating pickles I don't really
like pickles let's link on the
chick-fil-a sandwich what all right no
I'm not and I would never do that
it's good
you're insane I don't on that note we're
gonna go play b-ball now okay see
probably saw it so this is the pre video
of it like it hasn't happened yet for us
you like the behind the scenes yeah yeah
so we're here at the dollar store to get
some helium balloons
