how's it going bros what's up guys we
are at the dollar store right now
because we're getting some balloons for
our helium drive thru prank probably saw
it so this is the pre video of it like
that hasn't happened yet for us
something like the behind the scenes
yeah yeah so we're here at the dollar
store to get some helium balloons kids
don't try this at home cut all these
balloons for a buck the perfect place to
go and getting some helium oh happy
birthday Jed kind of the biggest
balloons we need no there's got to be
some bigger ones you look at this one
circle Scott everything run this one's
got like Indians in it I think this
one's smaller than this one I think
you're right alright so we are at the
first location we're gonna try it this
is the first one we're ever gonna do so
we'll see how it goes thru at Wendy's
right now or if I get the back of the
parking lot here's our balloons setting
up first time we've ever used a GoPro
for a prank so let's where you gonna put
it on put it right here you want me to
put it yeah
do you have the crispy chicken kids meal
does that come in Monterey or what kind
of flavors do you have oh are you
serious Oh gadzooks okay yeah I'll just
take the crispy can I get half sprite
half diet coke yeah oh thank goodness
anything that'll do it all right so we
forgot to film some sort of ending for
this behind the scenes log but here it
is just finishing up editing jeez you
eat before I got didn't bump the table
oh sorry this is editing station I'm so
pissed I'm only one level away from you
anyways editing the prank right now and
let's take a look it's four minutes and
30 seconds hopefully the prank did well
hope so because I don't know it seems
like sometimes our fans get angry if
it's not a prank although this is kind
of a prank we were just having fun with
helium and you know it's funny and it's
funny to do but kids when you use helium
don't do it that much people have died
before doing it so so make sure if you
want to do kill him maybe you do like
one or two breasts and you take a break
for a little while because helium a
science lesson for a helium replaces the
oxygen in your system so if you're
putting in all this helium and not
taking in any oxygen the yolk a it's
dead so what we did is we only have like
one balloon and then like I do a balloon
then I'd switch and Andrew ado one we'd
only do like it took us a couple days to
film because we only do a couple and
then we go home and then the next day we
do a few more we're all about safety
over here at Jesus two studios so we
hope you are safe as well ya next week
prank though is gonna be insane right oh
you don't even know what's coming guys
you don't even know it she don't give a
hint no wait I don't know it's kind of
risky what kind of deals with the same
aspect of the prank but not balloons
right right not balloons same area
though so so be ready to be blown away
we plan on doing big things for this
blue blooper video and we need your help
so just get excited for no reason please
no reason needed my sexy on xpertthief
hear you call me help right cuz its top
row special edition of grand theft auto
that's Kevin vlogging no it's not
bugging he has a gaming channel Kevin or
roommate I sexy if you guys didn't know
an expert thief if you're a gamer he's
making a game of it right now that's we
just saw I could it interrupted it but I
didn't here's what the new prank involve
so not really but yes it does not and
yeah you'll have to use this in the
prank have to use these in the prank or
else Kevin didn't me or else what about
oh this to this is a vital part of the
prank any clues yet I doubt anyone's
gonna guess what it is because of that
welcome to the JC videos have basically
you got t-shirts on supply and demand
if you need one you go buy one we have
tons so why don't you buying some gosh
check in the description if you so want
one it says Hawaii on it so apparently
still have one monkey one left if
anybody's buying it I think you ever
really looks like what size is it it's a
small if you were a small come by oh
yeah monkeys here's some candy to a fan
sent us a while back no why because it's
all blurry now you jerk dude you broke
it oh the camera why is it so blurry you
frickin broke it heads or skittles you
broke the camera dude look how's it go
guys the blurry this is the blurry vlog
I could look terrible but man this is
like a new style well okay let's fix
this yeah there you go thank goodness
anyways I don't think we have that much
more to talk about on this um let us
know what you guys want to see if you
want to see like our shoe collection or
I'm life what are you doing your
starfish
yeah if you want to see our apartment
some more if you wanna I don't know
whatever you want see life or draw me
life I guess so yeah I guess we'll see a
couple days okay bud okay I'm just
sensing whoa this oh my gosh
