I need a concern read about your
salvation and stuff how come he's moving
baptized because I never got around to
it okay so guess what me Jacob and
Andrew are all going to California
August first through the fourth for
VidCon oh yeah we went there last year
we're gonna be gone now this year again
and we are super excited because last
year it was just me and Andrew went and
now it's me andrew and jacob we're all
going to be there having a good time
doing awesome stuff so some other
important information you should know if
you're going to VidCon is that we will
all be at the awesomeness meet up on
friday from 1230-2 130 in room 207 a be
so mark that down in your notes
calendars and phone cellular devices
because we'll be there and you guys
should come watch us because we're gonna
be talking answering questions and if
you're not coming well sorry and so
after the meetup we will be signing
autographs and taking pictures with guys
at 2 24 in the expo hall so you should
probably be there and if you're not
there than you're not part of the cool
club or whatever so yeah just make sure
you go to VidCon next year if you're not
going this year and if you're gone this
year we'll probably see you there
you have a few YouTube friends were
gonna chill with we're gonna walk around
you've got to eat so i'll probably bring
the camera there to vlog so make sure to
be on the lookout for those vlogs
probably to upload and while we're there
when we have some downtime you guys
should probably consider buying tickets
for next year's VidCon because every
year they're always so much fun and this
year there's going to be fourteen
thousand people there we're going to be
there with awesomeness TV all the sweet
talent all the youtubers any of your
favorite YouTube stars are probably
going to be there so yeah don't really
have that much else to say just wanted
to announce that to you guys before it
actually came and I'm sure if those of
you live in California and are going to
VidCon will be dorking around the city
probably prank and so make sure to
follow us on our social sites links in
description please just follow us
because it'll make your life much easier
when Jorge it's all I'd to say so aviger
Easter day talk to guests in peace I
don't know what you always have to be
judging me because I only believe in
science I got no perfect for breakfast
because of you I'm sick of hearing about
your estimate orphans what did you just
say I hate all funds so you get to my
face I hate them come again I hate all
the orphans in the whole war haha no
just have Larry spilt cabbage and
beautiful it's all over my underpants
