all right this one says call Austin my
friend our friend he's in some of our
videos be serious
ask if you could if just you and him can
go to the butterfly pavilion and maybe
catch some caterpillars together all
right what's the answering today oh
hello hey um I was just wondering if
maybe uh like if you wanted to go to the
butterfly pavilion with me sometime and
maybe not maybe as like a group and we
could catch caterpillars together what
if you wanted to go do you want to go to
the counter the butterfly pavilion but I
can't help it
no I am I mean it's not this guy sounds
funny but haven't you been there before
yeah we could like go well just me and
you just me and you probably near
catching butterflies remember oh I don't
know it probably just be funner those
mean you oh okay hey no did you just
send it two weeks ago shut up
you're now telling me about a snapchat
you said two weeks ago Oh have you got
two weeks in yesterday mix them alright
see ya
alright well we got the message off but
uh Austin's just a very nice friend as
you can tell you'll go to the butterfly
building with me it's good job you
convinced him to go catch some
caterpillars I did but I'm glad I have
friends like that we're very nice to me
call your dad and ask him if you left
your boxers in Ohio you have none and
mom said you hid them from me hey Dad
and I was wondering if uh if you saw
that I left any boxers in Ohio if I left
any boxers in Ohio cuz I like don't have
any boxers yeah that's a problem yeah I
think the mom said you like hid him from
me or something I didn't I'm on the
downstairs phone has kind of cracked
what you say mom said what you hid them
from me why would I hide your box yeah I
don't know but well I don't have any so
what do I do
alright yeah I'll go buy something I
guess yeah maybe I don't know he sort of
he can have because Roger said you
borrowed some you have to read it I'm
trying I can't recall him and ask him if
he has any soda he can have I met you
Roger said you borrowed so some of mine
yeah you get it out Paul Calvin ask him
if he has any soda you can have because
Roger borrowed some of mine
cuz it's it because Roger said you
borrowed so yeah Roger borrow sick ah
hey so I was wondering if you had any
soda I could have I was talking to Roger
and he said that you borrowed some of
mine yeah Roger yeah this is wonderful
had any soda I could have no I desperate
need soda okay I guess I'll do I mean
what flavor did uh did Roger give you
okay cuz that was mine yeah cuz that was
my Fanta ya know that that's not soda so
pay attention okay so yeah I'll be over
in a few minutes to get the Fanta okay
alright yeah see you later thanks so
hope you guys enjoyed that video me and
Andrew forgot to make an ending and it's
12 a.m.
whoops and I'm an Eskimo now so yeah let
us know which prank call was your
favorite and if you want us to do more
of these videos leave comment below and
leave a like okay anything else you like
to say no I guess that's it
okay see you later
what a
