yeah hey guys how's it going um Andrew
we're making a wet what we wanted to
just make a short I don't know if it'll
be short but we wanted to make a fun
little video here for more Jase - yeah
to entertain you guys
if you're bored which you probably are
which we are - which is why we're making
it so we're stuck in the same boat so
let's be friends or let's be honest okay
so Andrew do you want to explain what
we're doing today or shall I
whoa how about we be friends and do it
together this is is it this is a
cellphone we use it to prank call okay
so these aren't really going to be prank
calls they're gonna be challenges so if
you saw our last vlog where Andrew had
to own out our last vlog those the
challenges from a couple yeah challenges
from a cut block check it out link a
description if you didn't see that check
it out Andrew called his brother cuz I
dared him to call his brother and say
something then okay yeah so I challenged
him to call his brother and just say
something stupid and so we thought wanna
make that like a whole little video
where we challenged each other to call
random people and do silly stuff say
something fuck me
do something funny so yeah alright guys
so we got the lists together we put up
five random challenges each so we'll
read them off to you it'll make more
sense when you start once we start going
so we have five each and Andrew is going
to go first
so Andrew
let us draw pick one and only one this
time now read it out loud and stop
squeaking ah this challenge says call
random number asking for dad say anyways
could you wash my underwear before I get
back literally spit cabbage and Buford
all over them and you need them ASAP
built I've been in Buford all over them
what's Buford that's funny cuz no one
knows what that is how do you know that
huh hello ha hey Dad
Hey anyways could you please wash my
underwear before I get back daggum larry
spilled cabbage and Buford all over them
and I need it real bad just please tell
Dad it's me Jacob I don't know just tell
Dad please I know I know just have Larry
spilt cabbage and beautiful
it's all over my underpants just please
tell Dad I'll see you later alright
mine too and ruh-roh call ran a number
must burping after everything they say
until they hang up thank you my supposed
to say hello
alright call random number and refer to
them as mom ask if you can sleep over at
Greg's house tonight because he is
having a model party at Stephens pad
with Larry okay hey mom I was just
wondering if I could sleep over at
Greg's house tonight
are you serious cuz he's having a model
party at Stephens pad was Larry fine all
right
Colorado number pretend to be Randy from
Comcast calling about doing some
maintenance on their cable box tomorrow
but if they baked chocolate chip cookies
with a glass of milk
then you'll waive the service charge oh
uh yeah hi uh this is Randy from Comcast
calling about doing some maintenance on
your cable box tomorrow but uh I was
told if you guys make me some chocolate
chip cookies with glass of milk then
I'll actually waive the service charge
that's what my boss said to mention to
you guys um well I was told that you
guys are asked for some service on it
for some reason because you're having
some interference on the cable I can't
actually see when this was called in but
I just wanted to double-check I know
this is a little late Colin this is
Randy from Comcast
are you serious it's rod Oh
Nikki oh this is embarrassing all right
no we don't have cash help all right
well that's fine I guess
enjoy the rest of your day and if you
need to help all I'm always here okay
all right see youse well yeah cuz that
was my Fanta
