hey guys so we haven't talked to you
guys in a while on this channel I don't
know why hurry but we are 100% his fault
no we're dedicated to making more videos
on this channel solely for the
entertainment of you on entertainment I
don't know but today we thought me and
Andrew would write a bunch of challenges
and put them in a cup for each other
like he hasn't seen the challenges I
wrote for him same for him yeah and so
right now we're going to draw a
challenge and you have to do the
challenge I think this is going to be a
pretty funny video for you alright so
andis drawing the first challenge let's
do two gets it says go stand on ledge
holding and waving big crayon also
yelling at the cars to stop you jerks
can you see I'm homeless
hey stop you jerks can't you see I'm
homeless
hey yeah jerks it was pretty funny well
that wasn't too bad now you're out of my
life some guys who drove up okay yeah my
turn
it says ask someone by the pool where
the crap is hefting all right excuse me
do you know where the crap haften is
what I don't know oh okay
it's okay this one says go to an area of
people and let off a big burp which I'm
sure which Andrews really good at
letting off burps
they thought oh sorry
my turn oh yeah I got go up to a guy and
ask him do you know where sea bass is
and did you bring the cucumbers
I was really creative Thanks have fun is
see the sea bass coming to the party
later or are you bringing the cucumbers
sea bass well my friend told me that sea
bass was coming to the party or are you
son not my son my friend sea bass
his name's Trev what krepp Mullen is
that he's one of my roommates oh you go
back yeah well I guess if you're not
going tonight
I'm not going himself yep you have
another one bro change the MA what's the
big one all right this one says go up to
a guy and say do you know where that
crap the lifeguards and Larry are I
don't know why it's so funny saying
where the crap or the crap to people do
you guys know when the crap the
lifeguards and Larry are gonna be here
though the lifeguards and Larry
lifeguards of Larry and Larry like
lifeguards and Larry I've known that
I've ever seen lifeguards here what meet
me up personally I mean last summer
have you seen Larry I don't know who
there he is
oh my body my buddy's one of the cops
that lives here but I know they have
cops under the patrol each night but I
don't I've never seen a lifeguard here
honestly odain well oh well all right
this one whose turn is it it's yours oh
nice shirt Thanks yeah great what do you
oh I gotta do a long gasp by someone
whoa
all righty drew your last one it's
better be a good one
call your brother and ask him if he
remembers clock clogging the toilet when
he came up because it's still clogged be
serious
oh hey Aaron yeah yeah I had a question
I want uh just well the last time he
came up did you clog the toilet no cuz
it's still clogged I can't even remember
the last time I came out so you're sure
it wasn't you positive - what him me
well alright fine I'll go ask somebody
else if they did it oh it Jacob Casey
yes his brother is actually like playing
along or he's like no wasn't me please
don't hurt me he was terrified check out
your last one yeah well I changed my
shirt by the way
I was sick of the blue one
make us some orange chicken for dinner
happy now Andrew yes I guess this kind
of benefits both of us to be honest ooh
steam bath you because we both get good
food but I had to make it because of you
but I get most of it right no my idea my
food dah
all right well we hope you enjoyed this
challenge video and for future challenge
videos guys make sure leave a comment
down below with some stupid challenges
and we promise to do them for future
them we'll try new like all of them
so Abelson will include your youtube
username and everything so leave a
comment leave like we're gonna start
uploading here weekly daily I don't know
whatever I want okay okay that's how it
works anything else to say Bru I guess I
weigh on Oh a alright bye oh by the way
one more thing before we go if you guys
aren't subscribed to our gaming channel
we did a video that's kind of like
exactly like this except it's gaming
style in its impressions
it's an impressions challenge we've done
three of them they're all really funny
so check them out I'll link it at the
end so yeah check it out okay bye we got
a quirky old toad guitar arcade how
coach talked football
