howdy I'm care laddie we're kev-o shark
it oh don't be a crybaby shoe betcha
quick quest for the cab are you a man
yes sir come oh how do oh hey um hey
quick question yep happy while
pretending lately yes I have i was born
in a tick you're refried bean elk moose
ha well son of a gun Jeff cuz today's
show is gonna be on camping gone camping
uh we will be shown you the techniques
of camping today cam published on the
legs okay first you'll need to bring our
tools we got supply ah firewood maket
your tank and survivors fuels your tent
and survival skills dadgummit calendar
said that dadgummit can't let me shut
down are you copying me so can wear all
these supplies we're gonna need to go
camping well can't wait to show you over
here okay I can I believe our tooth
who's what other month weird out the
camping supplies well I got right here
let me show ya first we got fishing pole
efficient we got some arrows the grizzly
bear and we got an arrow the bad guy and
next we got fishing line there you go
next we got good as your bear repellent
go and we got a football but when we get
bored I love football yeah who's our
flashlights win against doc here we go a
bucket that yeah and next we got a
helmet full protection next we got a
whistle for the best
Shh hey cap where's your sleeping bag
what eyes right here all right let's go
camp aren't you gonna carry anything oh
shit on me I forgot my lunch let's go
you got it became recap what show up oh
oh are you getting sick and tired of
being made fun of by your wife don't be
like real bear hair making a stick fire
really oh whoa so what the first thing
we have to do cam 2 1 fire well first
your dad ignition stick okay there we go
I'll troops pretty good I'm shake it
yeah scriptures from the hydroxide
fireball fireball jump right here there
we go okay you light me up Jeff oh yeah
sure kept watch it now pretty light me
up I'm trying to look 25 Oh heaven God
we got fire fellas and that's how you
make a flyer if you don't like fire you
just get your water
oh wow so cold out well first oh are you
getting sick and tired of being made fun
about the babes there are three things
we need to do to make sure cat please
bare ass off one get a bigger tent
Kittel get a ver blanket three don't
sleep on snow or hard objects bigger
everything works better don't be like
Wilbur wall thanks for watching I
thought oh god not showed again hey cat
finishes off oh you get sir join us next
week for our next up show and down below
leave some comments on how you're
camping and scurries away all right I'm
can't i'm jeff and work him she later
