yeah bro we're just waiting for Jake
Jake's to studio he has 30 minutes late
to her huge we said meet at 7 a.m. and
he's slept through his alarm how do you
feel about this great I have my dollars
yes so we're here at Walmart getting
some snacks for camping the home of all
the best snacks called Walmart I know so
I said are we there yet
we're almost there cold we just calm
down Beefaroni oh god get some Beefaroni
perfect for cooking over the fire get
back what the heck yes get your food
cool door I can open my car calm your
anger son get in the car some days
where's Mike III have to play some
ground he's now right boys boys at the
best Park F I'll bring the camera so you
can see and you guys will be so jealous
of our Park just bought this at the gas
station holy mom
mango line
we've arrived at the park and look at
this have you ever seen a park this
legit all made out of wood it's like a
castle
alright we've made it to the cliff
diving area we don't actually dive off
the cliffs but let's just I don't really
know what else to call it
ah cliff jumping alright do you guys
have any cliff diving places where you
live maybe you do maybe down like a
belly flop Wow Jaden pop Clark very good
for nature I actually found it in walks
I got chocolate south stop that we're at
the very highest spot you can jump
welcome to our campsite look yeah this
tent was pretty complicated to set up
but check it out here's our cool little
hatch teaching us some privacy or
something I don't know if any wait hi
fans they have to say I have to say
camping is awesome in the tech they play
Monopoly deal yes sir no texting on the
camping adventure good guy Garrett take
that phone from him okay don't take it
I'll get it
what do you guys think of our beautiful
fire pit you do this thing trash in here
the apart we're gonna cook food right on
that rock the fire right under there and
then the fire will heat up the rock and
film we're cooking food boys Oh Andy has
to take the biggest dump apparently my
goodness look how smart we are guys just
like last time found a rock and put our
food on it and now we're cooking it ah
there's a tip for you whenever you go
camping right hints tips and patties
whenever you go camping put the little
thing under there so the fire heats up
the rock and you could put you could
cook delicious meals of that Mexican
style
that looks pretty good keV it is oh you
just finished your hot dog how was it
have we cooled the rock a bit hey what'd
he eat Knost that sounds like a sizzle
you got food all over the place the only
Austin's like a big slob leave it messy
Oh coffee
let's get a nice that first person off
the end boy speaking ah jeez it's gonna
fall off coasters to put the banging all
the way on a sizzle and Andy over here
with a nice beautiful gourmet meal pork
and beans boys hot dog food nice you can
do this man
see look how yummy this
what are some delicious things you guys
eat when you camp I got some like
bratwurst that are like oh good right
calm the anger pal
but it's a good day here so some dork
just put this giant log on the fire hand
don't know if it was the best of all
ideas but look at this nice seat here
folks
Oh perfect just take a nice seat here
whoa look at that lighting man just
stand there Andrew oh this is like a
movie bro it's a new game if you get a
Gatorade bottle this mini frisbee okay
I'm sure you guys eat I've never seen
before more mellows or whatever they're
called it's a square marshmallow it's
not the coolest thing you ever seen oh
it works perfectly with a graham cracker
hey guys we left we left all the other
guys and we're sneaking up on them that
we found Andy run a secret mission Jase
new crew I initiated first thing we not
like Department we thought we lost him
but now we're on a kamikaze and I found
the boys aftermath of the fire these are
all the embers dogs that's it oh wow
feels like an asteroid this should be a
movie set
yeah we're collapsing the tent I'm
getting ready to go and Andy stuck in
the tent
Wow how you gonna get out in now ow you
okay pal we cook like a like a poor
innocent child in the ocean
Life of Pi mode we wouldn't jump in the
lake if it were the river if it was warm
but this is a mountain river which means
as I fall below zero it's like ice water
basically yeah it's a Rocky Mountain
cold we got you good time for some
delicious lunch we're trying out the
hungry bad restaurant
gotta love the mom-and-pop restaurants
right oh yes sir keV Jacob did a dang
belly flop all right inside definitely
look like a belly pop you
