so yeah we're on set here filming a skit
and things are getting pretty serious as
you can tell your hair thing he's
falling out my bro's fix that here's the
set Wow
is it high quality or what this is real
life moviemaking
you took this like half an hour to get
all set up just for this one skit we got
real lights and then there's the cam
yeah it hurts putting in these hair
things all right guys we're behind seams
again got the mic hidden and we're about
ready to take our first shot so while me
nadir went to the store and we got zero
minutes that recording it'd be an intro
into the store and got some food for
this I'll show you
crab legs
tomato soup baby food this big plant and
yeah that's a hey over here
I wonder what mom okay
I wonder what mom packed for lunch today
no doing the huh yes under the next
scene I'm like freaking starving I got
meself McDonald's there's I'm not your
chips because that's how college kids
roll right hope you're in college
so you can relate to this scene okay bye
did mom where's the food I'm starving
good jeez I'm like hungry mom Margaret
what kind of junk do you try to feed me
Margaret what tap it junkie trying to
feed me
well guys we're trying to get one more
scene here for the new vid and Andy
keeps laughing we've filmed it about ten
times three to be hacked young Annie
keeps plopping his head in the tomato
soup here and this hat is getting really
wet so we only have one more opportunity
every time I dunk my head
everyone just busts out laughing so I
have to like clean off my face and but
it's really fun it's just a big Messer
on your butt
it's so worth it guys it's really funny
look at the ground over here it's really
funny look at yours my teeth oh yeah
we're making a big mess I survived my
teeth in this soup here we are I found
it it's just bread tomato soup and bread
so yeah we got one more shot my bros
Margaret what type of soup are you
trying to feed me Margaret what tapping
junk are you trying to beat me alright
so we just finished up the the video
shoot
now y'all cleaned up cuz I got soup all
over me I wanted to show you the
aftermath here aren't we smart for
placing down a black tarp because look
at all the mess goldfish
whatever plant that is I don't you just
found it more like this it's gonna be
perfect big bowls
disgusting soup and yeah so now we're
just watching the Nuggets game right now
Oh dog food nuggets yeah so we hope you
guys enjoyed the bloopers and enjoyed
the real video so yeah if you guys
really liked it maybe share with a cool
friend or something
we're not a cool friend time was just
nobody even a dumb friend even your
grandma or your lame-o's yes send it to
every family member in this video then
it would fit perfectly any any last
words fellas what's the last word you
have to say to the audience
hey guys oh yeah that'll have to do
Jimmy know Beetle Bug yeah nothing say
button yeah okay we'll see you next time
cake bye we'll see you next time you see
you bye
you see that you clear
