except you leave a non threatening note
on their doorstep and it reads like
words so what happen you say most of it
I didn't even see run down bitch to
house and so we just now picked him up
and the guy's been outside looking
around he's getting in his car to go
look for him sure pretty much so we just
picked him up right in time and got out
of that neighborhood yeah but I mean
where I would drive by he's getting in
his car
and we're like see you psycho left we're
wandering he's probably going to look
for Andrew did he see you Andrew
I saw him he didn't see me oh really
yeah how do you not see you because he
was like looking around his yard and I
like peeked over where I was hiding it
seemed seeing him on the sidewalk
so ah man you got him good dear Jacob
lately I have been getting complaints
that you Kyle and Ben have been ding
dong ditching the neighborhood well
something has to be done I hope you
enjoy your new driveway and hidden
excrete Minh so we have placed alongside
your house somewhere your neighbor she's
looking through the window right now I
think she saw him running he's stuff
looking around boy a boy like that oh
yeah so we just got done filming we got
three or about three successful clips
and like seven failed clips because
people don't like to answer their doors
apparently yeah you and they leave the
doors wide open it's good though we we
got some good ones my bros and Jacob was
a champ because he hurt his knee and he
like limps her out yeah check it out
I still went just like taking one for
the team my bros what a champ hope you
liked this new series if not then fine
o try it by yourself it's really fun oh
but don't write anything threatening or
that'll get you in trouble with the cops
we just like really fellas stuff that
gets people to come out of their house
yeah also if you try it on foot it's way
more intense like we're in the car the
whole time but if you do it on foot and
hide near the person's house or old boy
talk about adrenaline rush well we don't
know what just don't try it at home
well do you God is for pro zone yeah
leave it to the pros we tried at one
time at this guy's house hid behind a
bush and we heard the guy walking around
like right by the bushes and tents were
you with me right yeah I was uh was we
had plenty of fun times we we tried to
film at nighttime it didn't work as well
I have to try it near sunset next time
yeah maybe
cuz I'm gonna start out you can't you
can't see no with solar with daylight
saving time we'll have a good
opportunity yeah and in the light time
you can see what couldn't come out but
there's actually no one home
yeah that's why right now too many
people weren't answering cuz there
probably look yeah well and we're at
work who works he's looking for a
doorbell
alright they got the know
