okay so we have a serious problem if you
do this on purpose yes and now we can't
get out it's locked
what's up guys welcome back to another
fort Friday yeah we hope no matter if
you're having a good day or a bad day
that we can give you guys some positive
vibes and some fun entertainment today
our last for Friday what happened
we did some prank calls and a lot of you
guys enjoyed it so what we're gonna do
today is set up a prank call HQ inside a
fort and with a prank call HQ comes
proper prank called gear and supplies so
let's go in the store and see what we
can find
we're not making a fort here we're just
getting supplies we're trying to think
what a call center environment kind of
looks like and make that in the fort may
have to wear a call center t-shirt what
on earth is this I kind of want that we
got the supplies from heading into the
store here they are in the bag so let's
do this okay we're searching
have tons of room in here this doesn't
like a pod where is this staircase going
I think we got the bunk bed set up
correctly now we just need to get
supplies what do we want well since
we're making this like a call center we
need keyboards computers desks villains
in town whatever
run they are very confused at this setup
we made Oh check it over you guys got
guys we got our keyboard yeah we got all
the supplies in the fort
they're leaving once they leave we can
get in hurry go do this port has so much
room call the dart yes get the rug set
up computer screen does like this in
storage okay there we go
aren't you bored okay let's peek out the
coast looks clear guys
oh geez what are you doing trying to
take a nap before we go to work
oh okay fine I just realized I don't
have to use the door to peek out but
since we put this up against the wall
there's a tiny crack to look through and
the trees here as well so we can like
like easy and oh yeah so no one will see
me we have windows right there that go
to the other side of the store I was
saying we should make a roof but that
would be too hard and it might look very
strange from the outside we also brought
another fort hack this little Manfrotto
light check it out and put it up here oh
that's good now we can do our work yeah
we can't work and not see hello oh no I
was just uh I think he saw me that kid
at the end I was burping and I think he
saw no just be on the lookout if he
opens that door yeah but we forgot one
supply pens because we need our name
tags and we need a pen to write on so
Andrew you're gonna have to go on a coop
covert op mission not co-op staying here
it's not coming right there he goes
get in here yeah I found a pen so now we
can change into our prank calling dear
are you ready I'm ready okay let's do it
and change yes we're so ready to make
prank calls now almost we're missing one
thing check this out guys hello my name
is so we can get into character what's
your character name Andrew are you
sausage the answer hi this is actually a
pasta and I was just wondering if you
and the fellas were coming over to the
dance party later at darth's tonight
yeah hi is this some the roommate ad
I'll just introduce myself my name is
pasta and I currently live with a
roommate but he's kicking me out so I
wanted to see if yours was still
available probably tonight yeah but the
Southside what is your guys's toilet
flushing policy yeah I mean yeah the
owners not bring it up is that's kind of
the reason why I'm getting kicked out
currently
ask why you'd be a kicked out um I
thought the policy was that we were
saving water on all things but actually
it was not does that make sense this
might sound strange but it does support
my living styles I am a snail salesman
yeah like the snail is because a lot of
people have pets that eat them so I like
like yeah because I grow them in the
house I guess that might be a problem I
hope not yes pretty large quantities of
snails okay that'd be great what would
you guys have done if a guy was calling
to be your roommate sounding like Andrew
and asking all those questions comment
right now yeah oh we want to read some
of your comments would you accept Andrew
as your roommate and a pasta that sells
snails fun reason why prank calls and
the fort is so fun is cuz if people walk
by they might hear you and you gotta beg
quiet and we can't get caught but we
gotta finish the prank halls it's so fun
yeah somebody is looking for a roommate
Oh perfect I know just the guy let's
make sure he is yep somebody's over here
oh yes hi um my name is Alison I saw
your Craigslist ad you're looking for a
roommate well perfect
I'm just calling because I actually know
a guy kind of who may be interested I
found him a while ago he was kind of
deranged but he was rolling around in a
pile of bread and he didn't have a job
quite yet
what are your stipulations first of all
Bing deranged oh yeah he well when I was
talking to him he just said like he
sleep talks and walks if that's a
problem like perfuse Lee okay yeah I
understand that was just like a few
years ago but I think he's changed I
have like a few friends if like you are
like in particular about like a certain
type of friend like if you're looking
for a specific man like I know a few yep
okay I hope you find a roommate the way
he said that address me
fooling around in a pile of bread but
somebody was down here I thought them
kick the thing one thing I don't know is
it we're being too loud in our office as
we don't have a roof if the other
clients can hear us and we're bothering
them yeah I lost my phone yeah really
wait who is that it's boss they got
catering for lunch okay yeah we'll go
pick it up we'll be right there
Thanks
that man was standing there staring at
the bed but he's walking away now yeah
but no boss said that we just gotta go
pick up catering for lunch
let's go cuz I'm hungry yeah I need a
break from a job let's log out for now
let's go who votes we look very
different yeah what'd you just say I
have just down man we look like cast
members from the Wiggles we just have
our name tags on this bill so odd
now here we are we're picking up the
catering bas said so they're just
finishing up the order now we're getting
it ready bring it back to the office for
the fellows right thank you
boss I know Thank You boss we got to get
back to this for boss might get mad cuz
we're running a little late
okay guys we made it back boss isn't mad
thankfully so we're all good to go nice
now we can enjoy our lunch oh I guess
let's eat yeah still our lunch break
I'll show you guys what the boss
provided for lunch today he provided us
with delicious looking sandwiches I got
this drink of choice he said and then
Mingo did you get a sandwich with some
pretzels for dessert and then you
recommend this so I try pecan milk and
coffee
how long is our lunch break by the way
it's like 10 minutes oh crap
how is it
I think he's coming through the door you
couldn't see he's staring right at me
I'm like you kind of the stairs and
little bear was like oh oh he's gonna
come in the door what I think he was
asking mr. dad you can come back here
but his dad isn't nobody we start now
there's no Sun there's a lot of people
out here
this is like an intense mission oh boy
go he keeps hiding - dad's gonna wonder
what he's doing
dad's gonna think son is crazy what are
you doing
the desert has come out that was an
intense standoff we had we thought
somebody was gonna open the door but I
think that kid was so young he had no
idea you know there was even a door here
is the intruders come back
somebody's near can't see him right
oh no I'm hiding in case they open this
because they're very interested in this
bed
somebody's jumping on the bed no don't
not get it do it who's here
that was the employee she moved where so
we're gonna become please do not move
this back again really I can see way
better now yeah then move this this way
and now I can see out so maybe that was
a good idea they did we need to get back
to work I know there's gonna be mad I is
this the you still looking for a
roommate your place so it's really
familiar I think you may be a neighbor
of mine yeah so let me just give you the
rundown I'm actually needing a place to
stay for a couple months I yeah cuz the
toilet in my place is clogged and it's
gonna take a while to fix one sec oh
sorry about that
yeah a bird flew in my house alright I
guess they're not approved darn it
he heard they know we're in here they
knocked on the door who is it
it was the employee and I said hello I
heard me crap what he just came in went
by the door to scare us he doesn't know
I can see him I think we need to sneak
out before they truly catch us do they
know we're in here yeah I think they're
right over there though so it's gonna be
really
we have to put all this back guys we
have a serious problem if you do this on
purpose yes what he taught us they
rotated the stairs and now we can't get
out it's locked
I think they're just waiting for us to
come out okay so yes here we go we're
just gonna stand up do you see him no I
don't see him what's his scheme and we
made it back home gosh that was very
awkward yeah we didn't film it but if we
would have filmed it what made it even
more awkward global but do we
technically get caught no find this in
the floor we just came out and said hey
yeah we were back here yeah so it's a
success either way so we were like guys
yeah and leaving the like really lets us
know that you're enjoying the fort video
so be sure to do that and come follow us
on Instagram your usernames go do it
right after this video okay and we'll
see ya next time
