hey amber hey would it tell everyone
we're at we're at Golden Corral getting
some yummy food you know why I am this
is the best yumminess be they have the
role yep it was right this delectable
salad I'm say that after a long day you
gotta enjoy a delicious meal the man
said it he said it himself instead of
myself so this is how Jake eats everyone
who did that
thank you you saw the cameras filling
how excited are you for the service
this meaning I'm this many excited this
many excited this many well I think he
injures the most excited now I am I'm
gonna get you a good dessert not the
Badgers are like you
they have real-life mint ice cream
here's what and or not for dessert
a really disgusting looking piece of
dump some misses and then he also aqua a
hake I don't know why you got this for
dessert but this is Jesus my dessert
Brad
Jacob got them you know Vesuvius
now after now candy and I just got a
simple scoop of mint chocolate chip ice
cream it's just delicious you don't need
to get all that chocolate cake this is
chocolate cake ice cream will do it
perfectly salty mint ice cream that's
our fave you want to make a big mess any
saltines and then just start talking
that's made a big mess sorry
free ice cream who wants some I come get
your supercool ice cream who wants ice
cream we do we do who wants free ice you
like some ice cream it's such a
beautiful day yeah thanks you're gonna
die of heatstroke I'm sorry I tried to
help you I really tried it's not my
fault what did you do I got mad they
wouldn't take our free ice cream to cool
off got really mad dumped ice cream on
my head yeah someone I saw I quit Jake
just got done what Hey look at his hair
let's see guys dig in the new style I
scream I scream we all scream so silent
cream ice cream ice cream we have a
special spoon in here just for you your
name on it please you need free ice
cream
dddd dddd free ice cream
so we're time I'm done with going
Crowell now guys I wish I could stay
longer but lo it's windy yeah my hair is
like flopping around like a walrus but
yeah I have to go to school so I had to
leave early but I hope you guys enjoyed
watching our prank videos I don't know
which ones are up right now but if
you're watching the ice cream stand
video I hope you enjoyed it make sure to
check it out leave it like it just the
end and also make sure to watch our be
on the lookout for our milking video
yikes
alright boy what are you doing without a
coat on you guys well it's kind of warm
out we don't want to get too overheated
oh yeah you must be really hot right now
yeah really
