we got some some behind-the-scenes
action here for you at the intersection
so what you've been doing to people's we
drive up we stick our heads out the
windows like Jake's is doing about to
demonstrate very well and just util at
people you know the only way to describe
it it's gonna be very well very good
free pancakes at ihop if you're hungry
so there's a turns green yet there's a
guy coming up here at the gut bus stop
so when you're with your friends just
driving around on the road you can do
this you can yell other things like dad
or yodel doodle or like you go Heiser or
just go ah if it features yellow people
when they're just staying there they're
really confused and if you kind of act
like a girl the guys that get like
really excited but then if you're
sticking your head out the window like
they get like really creeped out as well
or if you have silly string when people
are walking on the sidewalk I think if
they're walking right here you just go
okay revoke oh
gracias bus stop up here this guy's
gonna get me rope this guy's gonna get
usual
oh I thought you're gonna util yeah what
the heck what we're not to stop I don't
to be like very bad it's great but it
was rare what is he gonna do chase after
us yes i'll drive away big all right
we'll give you an example will give you
a quick example of how do you don't go
ahead Jake you doodle y ou Xiao yo hi so
you just yelled out the window and
people get really excited and confused
so this has been a jstustudios
announcement and I hope it is help you
uh have more fun when you're in the car
we approve this message maybe here's our
gate ah I think you did it hey yeah
we're messing with them you didn't
really pull thumbs until you didn't for
boss I had it on purpose haha
excuse me well yeah
