okay we're ready for another makeup
tutorial did she just ensure our and
we're just going to dive right in so the
first thing you do when you want to
apply makeup you have to clean the skin
first
I seem to deadline and butter everywhere
these are speaks ensure that all the
pores are sticking out finally to
receive all the makeup that's about to
happen that doesn't have it calm
we got to get their tips
even a little bit the hair - ah now
let's read up on that I'm going to start
off with a little bit of a head south
this is the best kind of sauce you can
buy so when you do it you just want to
drive I would have hurry you
there we go
God just rub it in there nice and good
light you know make sure it's on every
hair follicle so next up once you get
that all taken care of you want to get a
bronzer on this so you want to get
yourself a good bronzer at a financial
local store I'll be back a little bit
Duncan honey chocolates highly loved the
chocolates out
and see you want to get yourself a good
layer maybe that anyone else mix it in
that phrasing can I stop you for a
second just say that that looks
absolutely beautiful or good he's
supposed to we're not even close to
being done use it look like now next up
on the list you want to make sure you
get yourself a good glow go then just
kind of plop it on
okay so just rub it all around all the
cheeks this okay cuz looking pretty good
smell or itches there we go look he's
glowing like a Batman
how much glow do we need you gotta look
glowy and stunning for your date now
once the glow is done you gonna need to
add some color we got some good color
here on it we're going for her black
color today boys
hi
now for the final steps you just add
some seasoning on top and BOC goats are
a good a rake now you think a little bit
chuck it on
wherever you want it doesn't matter that
looks really really good
I want to add on just a little bit of
cotton
so what is this
is the final touch because it called
just because I wouldn't go get it myself
we're doing is called the orange be go
go so real
Wow you have to get it all around or
else it won't work
don't worry it's just your follicles
being enhanced and that's how you do it
here at Jeju studios makeup tutorials
