right hold it all like lean be like
hanging out the window so we're picking
up Jake and Andrew at the airport and we
got Bill Nighy he's filming back here
and Christian was driving pranked you er
has a fishbowl prank tours officially
started guys so this is going to be epic
yeah you bro
welcome how was your flight fellas
stellar I slept
you know what do you feel like
celebrities right now we're gonna buy a
bus Steve with guarantee Airport so
basically we don't know where he is but
we're ready to attack where's the
chicken train in the cable the pants
nice room 9 rows of - bro masonite Road
Isis probation for bases on care girl
care we call me next morning the correct
term is basically Oh
snack time here at crank to your house
hey guy your age
oh thank you print tour
honey nut cheerios what he's doing okay
okay okay rice Chex or Cheerios not an
existing to splint it okay so snail to
chose the pierced ear like a son first
you open it and once you open it you for
we see my friend nobody here you don't
hear none Bay the Spanish let's see get
it first before you move on we're hungry
off the cue card
I don't know let's go back over to us
dude look at this
you better not ever fill this thing go I
do me see that I'm drowning
thank you thank you look at that see the
golf courses there in the ocean
Steve is like thirsty for breakfast yeah
hey Bill
yeah you know that do you know what that
is he's over there
he's over there okay hey dad dad dad
that oh good let's hurry dude oh yeah so
you guys we just got to the prankster
house and we're a two-on-one word Jay
yeah it's pretty slow we'll give you a
quick tour here
