hey guys so we just well gopro HD okay
guys so we just got to the prank to our
house and I gotta give you I'm talking
to camera no so we're here from candy
right here okay profanity sorry guys we
just got to the prank to her house and
we're a two on one word
G yeah that's pretty slow I'll give you
a quick tour hear me all the youtubers
we're all staying here so I hear you're
getting quick Tudor here's our big
bedroom so we're all a few of us are
staying in here a better so like me
Stephen Cardinal him Damien make me bad
so this is our bedroom
here we come out here to the nice living
room Wow big window big door yikes big
mirror oh hey guys awesomeness oh hey
guys alright why don't you open the door
to this editing suite Rosy's WordPress
Palace so here we got that editing suite
for all the editing for prank tour is
gonna get done I got like nice sound
room sound room so basically if you want
to get things done this is the places to
do it
thank God weird pictures and stuff too
it's pretty cool yeah so this is one of
the main pictures here like how
beautiful it is
yeah I'm giving a good house to are you
oh hey girl just scary snowman this is
their bedroom yeah so let's head on
upstairs
really
stop your cottonmouth so we go up the
stairs dananananana to the living room
kitchen now guys seriously just take a
look at this got a custom bar here
Steven Carly what are you doing over
here oh hey how's it going so yeah we're
just hanging Yura Steve we've got a nice
chair yeah that yeah hanging from the
ceiling it's pretty dandy thinking
here's the kitchen my goodness
this is seriously all the all the
cooking food stuff gets done here
oh yeah let's show them this real fast
okay so this buttons like water I get to
go first hey hello water
this is bubbly water this is like hot
water if you touch both of them what
about the white water I'm not sure
that's like normal no this is this is
called room temperature I think right or
that's room temperature definitely room
temperature ah yeah this is where we're
gonna be eating and I guess we can
definitely handle doing this for a good
year you got some food in here whoa
yes got chicken in here yes chicken in
here yep yep oh god I don't even want to
touch that that bastard didn't clean it
all up
omishi on through all through up all
over the floor but yeah so here's a big
watch out of it just snow nice one yeah
this
Justin easy polka chica mr. Connor
really good it's like flavorless stuff
oh neesee on to cook Gregory what sick
dude that the candy that candy tastes
like nothing
there's J on the other side nice
bathroom and you come in here and go wow
these boys here's chicken throw up boy
what do you have to say I'm a vegetarian
I was a chicken throwing us there is no
chicken in my throw up you and I would
dressed up as a chicken that onion son
this is his bedroom not his only but you
only got two beds here and come check
out the master toilet room
the toilet is like this well look at
this bath like yikes
people didn't hear anything bring us
over here they were really confused
about this right here so you got a
normal toilet and then you just sit down
like what is it seriously if you know
this is someone leave a comic what nice
standing shower I got two of them cuz
you know you got a shower with your
partner school seemed so so yeah guys
just saw everyone on prank to her huh
just chilling we're gonna be painting
them all so I'll film that behind the
scenes we're gonna be having some breath
and breakfast would shift me yep let's
go check out the back I think I remember
the time when that's we're talking about
right
No
