alright action say watch out for the
cool cars if you if you eat that you
will not be the same so we'll tell that
again no thanks are you going on strike
oh man
action alright cut a new new actor Oh
perfect
alright let's just give this action you
have to do it you can just improv your
lines just if you for the movie if you
want to be in it so be very dramatic for
whatever you're doing and action so I
can like hire you no problem I just need
the best acting oh shoot ready action
say the goldfish are very salty ready
action
what up who would it dude up oh no
you're gonna say don't buy those
goldfish in there because yeah
action why would I say that I don't it's
for the film all you have to say is
goldfish are very salty there I don't
know like somewhere around there really
yeah what is the food it's for fun it's
just for fun yeah like you go to school
something
okay right honestly what what's up give
me to get me to steal up you know say
maybe I'll say it if you give me the you
know it's a we do YouTube videos oh like
one of those shows I can dig that
alright ready action man go fish a salty
man alright thanks I just want to know
what is full you know alright cut a
little out of character on that one but
uh
