previously on AMC's pirate ship wanna
tannins out the side
are you ready for today's vlog I am wait
where's your pirate gear by the way
whoops hold on what's like oh I'm ready
now let's go look and make sure it's
still okay oh yeah
I did notice something what it's been
deflated why is this one deflated love
you yeah we'll just give this a fresh
pump and then it should be go for
rafting just it's okay okay what's
happening now captain we got to get the
trailer so we can put the boat on it
since it's a pretty big boat it's not
gonna fit in the car check it out and
your huge trailer perfect size okay
captain do we have all the supplies hold
this okay
guys were almost to the like so we
filled this up cuz when we were driving
it was really windy it's still pretty
windy whoa
so I'm back here holding on to him
because it's literally like her across
the street oh here we go
oh we're loading up the boat with
supplies we got our swords our blasters
some spare rope GoPro our boarding
ladder and we haven't told you guys
about the gold yeah telling about the
gold each team and the war of gold and
the goal is to steal the other person's
gold so we have one and they have one yo
you ready to launch
okay you don't know what's prepared for
you okay goodbye we're looking back at
yesterday's vlog to see what boat names
you guys left in the comments so finding
some good ones colorful pearl it's a
black pearl Big Bertha Castle doom hms
boaty mcboatface SS more Jase - so those
are all good names have to decide before
we set sail whoa
you find one to make you laugh we found
the ship's name shall be USS Aqua fart
dun dun dun
there seems to be no sign of the enemy
pirate ship yet but once we get out to
sea
I'm sure they'll come
while all that's going fast I know we
said earlier that this was the front but
we realized there's gonna be very hard
to paddle from inside there all right
I'm in get on in Captain okay start
paddling
all right go there's a weird raft we
have looks like it is slowly losing air
somehow but the bottom is not losing air
so we're good all right our paddling
judge I see them they're coming here man
the battle stations
hurry get the candidates we need our
swords the battle is almost beginning
we're going I see them right there
captain I think they see us they're
turning their ships this way oh they
have no idea what's gonna hit them they
are swords in the back I'm getting in
the lookout tower
I'm so thankful we have the lookout
tower how's it looking back there
perfect this is a pretty good zone
I feel pretty secure in here keep in
mind we have our ladder don't let them
see it yeah and then I can pull it off
the top and attack all right throw it
whoa safe and secure Gold testing fire
how far did that shoot
what's our range
good prepare the cannons
Oh God quick close the hatch fire he's
got what
you can't wipe
you
oh geez we're taking all right reload I
got one of their grenades
you're messin hurry here comes a good
chopper ready petrol they're getting
closer
yeah wait there's something right here
what is that get it
we have there or perfect ha ha
come get your back mateys
get ready we're coming for the ladder
one more moving there buddy dies wait he
does no you die oh darn I was gonna move
weight parlay parle pas light that's the
one parlay what's that you don't your
piety oh you know a parlay is yes we do
what Oh No yeah
taking on some heavy damage what's
happening our boat is sinking I can hear
the air there's a big hole somewhere oh
no hurry get on land we're safe here
we're gonna have to deflate this thing
and tow it
gotta anchor this down all right we're
safe on land not sure where the other
Pirates are but I'm sure we're gonna
meet up with him again so we're right
here bro
I've been hit oh I think we need to
surrender even though you guys are our
enemies we surrender can we just get a
ride back what happened to your glasses
I took put them in the boat and then I
need them and they got cracked and then
the rest of the winds kind of fell out
it looks cooler before because there was
like cracks in it yeah it looks like I
got hit by a cannonball yeah the whole
the whole freaking somebody said you
look like a modern-day pirate that works
yep perfect ray-bans what's that sound
who is that take him out here I'm gonna
fire them pretty sure there's a hole
somewhere that works it kind of sucks
because this is not our boat we borrowed
it okay we're hooking the boat back up
after this insane battle yes
I don't think all five of us are gonna
fit in the dinghy so someone's gotta
ride in the trailer I thought I was
gonna collapse oh good I'm gonna need
someone else back here with me all right
what is your boat name by the way we
haven't established that we already
named ours what was yours the USS aqua
fort the USS aquifer we're gonna head
get anything near as good as that must
decide quickly Matt what do you think
we're gonna need more vote the idiot
sandwich alright it's the idiot sandwich
okay so guys leave a comment what was
your favorite boat maybe it sandwich or
the USS aquifer I don't even like what
are we doing right now I have no idea
all these people over here think we're a
bunch of psychos we're going to bounce
out can you jump in there yeah oh geez
we're good I almost dropped you guys in
the lake I apologize but it's all good
teamwork guys
oh we gotta open the gold packs let's
see what we got what is this and boy oh
something there's gold real gold and
what one of 24 packs not a tiny shovel
and a tiny hammer and uh that's not a
paintbrush and here's my sand gold hurry
up
well what's this they're not more in
there no yes that's it alright back to
shore
come come back somehow we lock the
trailer no I don't know I think I think
we might untied it on purpose John if
you do that I will Bobby well this is
the end of the battle video folks yeah
thanks for watching and if you liked it
be sure to you know like the vid to see
more battles of course leave a like and
go check out my new channel
Matthew Doyle he killed the version two
so it'll be fun to watch leave a comment
down below of what you want our next
battle to be this one was pirate ship
themed boom leave your comments right
now we'll check them out and we'll see
you back here next time alright
