the smart mouth yeah I just had a quick
question
so I've been having some car troubles
lately and every time I push on the gas
it starts making these funky sounds I
said do you have any idea what that
could be
one other thing every time I open the
hood and took a peek inside I hear a
bunch of sounds like yo yo yo yo yo okay
man that's obvious is what IH is right
yes when the engines on do you think I
should just buy a new car
ah probably not but I have no idea what
that brought one day we've never had
anybody complain about sounds about you
you complain about those sounds but in
conjunction with a car okay I really
don't know what can I explain them to
you maybe you can like tell me what's
going on yeah we can try okay so first
off I go to start up the car and it
makes these explosion sounds like and
then I kid you not literal flames come
out the tailpipe thinking that that's a
problem because I've never seen that
happen before
yeah okay because I asked my buddy what
to do about it and he said if I poured
like a bunch of milk inside the engine
that that yeah he said if I poured a
bunch of milk in the engine it would
like coat it with some kind of reservoir
yeah no hey partner I had a quick
question I bought my Craigslist offer I
bought my car Craigslist and had some
questions because something was going
funky with it okay well once I brought
it home and I started back up like the
thing started making funky sounds and
when I put I put the key McKnight her
and started her up and she's like
and I couldn't really drive it because
every time I push on the gas it was just
making them stands I have no idea what's
going on so oh it's one of them Forbes
yeah not know what those you have taken
into the service department over you in
the service department yeah I'm all in
sales or service closed at 5:30 got
quepos Adam so if I bring it in will
would I be able to get it fixed with you
guys or we could look at it it should be
under warranty I believe sir oh here is
it it's in 1950 yes that's uh hope you
enjoyed yourself all right yeah well I
didn't I was kind of sketchy with buying
it first off cuz the guy wouldn't tell
me his name
probably one
well anyways uh what's going on with it
sir huh yeah I brought it home he said
that I had to tow it
you
