hey guys we're at Universal Studios
about to go to the theme park and ride
all the rides so I'm gonna film
something for ya
Trevor we get up all the time there's
nothing to worry about okay
you know
7:47 we got it for super cheese only
$60,000 but guys it cost us over two
hundred thousand dollars to get it here
why look at this tail section on your
left-hand side that is not gonna fit
under an overpass I feel like I'm at the
water park it's like wow
whoa yikes whoa
that's a big one folks oh my goodness
sakes come in fast it's coming in fast
oh whoa Wow out the way am I getting
tell you if you don't get out the way
you get splashed by the waves it's
coming straight toward me and I have
nothing to do but just take it all don't
get any wave I'm too big for you that's
right you can't really aah holy
shenanigans they're getting pissed take
back you beasts that's right you're
pathetic
look at all your seagulls are awed works
are swimming in your water if you can't
do nothing about it
Greg I mean that was decent that was
decent but I mean trust me I feel way
worse
have you seen the movie the greatest
storm that's in what a great Garrett's
name are these guys whoo
hey stay back dizzy anyways police
fellas just like the set camp on the lam
and my goodness does it smell like pure
garbage hey you stop that stop don't you
come any closer
oh okay I'm sorry I'm sorry if I ever
doubted you see if you're really
powerful and strong stop stop
Oh God
yeah you got me this time and let me
tell you I'm screwed no cameras oh I
should probably clean the camera now
okay see you later
