hey yeah she trained apologies um back
for another episode and my wife went out
to the grocery market king I thought
that you should repeat her cuz she dont
seeking of the speech I like doing my
own personal things now I have my time
and so I thought that I think I like to
make a little announcement for you guys
expect extractive ating my favorite
foods restaurants ideas and documents
what yeah stuff like that you know cuz
I'm people ward and when you old you
can't really two months then go to the
bathroom and take pills and so I want to
take some time off for that and read you
guys on this are made all right let me
let me see your arm I mean Alicia notes
so we should all be sure all right first
I'd like to say if you don't know who is
my name is Randall Marcus I from Kevin
fonia maybe get remember cuz I'm brain
dead right now my wife was sleeping last
night in for some reason she rolled over
like a bouncer and hit me in my strap
you later and now I can't really talk
well I can talk but my brain functions
aren't really comprehended through all
the details so it's hard to explain all
the information we have here imma go
silver Alfred L or a ways back on Thomas
my favorite restaurant has got to be
either a cracker barrel jack in the back
or let's see he what Al sees me I
knocked the a ganar because your
breakfast is so best I mean my wife she
be making breakfast sometimes but uh it
is definitely not as good as that I you
know the egg and I all that ever get is
the spinach artichoke egg dip with egg
sausage on it it is like heaven
on ice it is just out of this world next
number two I would like to listen to my
favorite band is kenny chesney and that
black country singer whatever Darius
Marcus rangel or she sings all right I
don't really know I put I'll play a clip
for you right now and here he is yeah
that's it that was just a quick clip
because I rather know his name is I
think its various Ruxton dinner Rucker
bye I don't really know I can't read
because my glasses on audit mica
scriptures are out of this out of the
container so I don't know what our and
yeah third I just want to shave my
favorite brand of clothes or objects is
hands the hands underwear brand or fruit
of the law fruit of the lamb or whatever
that is it's pretty pretty good because
it keeps it keeps objects it where they
need to be sometimes you walk around and
the other brands stuff is just not
staying where that needs to be placed
and when you get old it gets a little
uncomfortable because you can't really
function as fast as when you were young
because you just stuck with a cane
novacane will not know became but you
know like a wheelchair so be quiet
because that's sooo sad because then
they stop blowing off and what 17 or one
or wherever that happened but I'm one of
the lucky few old people that have all
their livers working fast well not fully
passed but decently averaged around
they're the circumference yeah I didn't
certainly no war walkers I was just my
dad he was the best and I didn't work
with warts who I wanted to be something
else I wanted to be a cheer church
pastor with my wife Theresa at the
church but against that kind of growing
where right now we are praising the Lord
every day at the church sometimes on
Sundays we have a midnight service for
those who don't like going to bed so
yeah if you guys want to come on down
this loser and Baptist with me Reverend
you could just call me Ralph because
that's how the cool kids I guess call
people my nicknames thought I thought
then a nickname of me right all right
idea skull and if you clearly
announcement boards on ramp where Martin
rocks calm we have special events coming
up that you could attend a dash will
help you get involved with the dort but
with a fun way that sometimes churches
will do events that are all not that fun
and you kind of all sleep stuff other
stuff happens we do events that get you
a ball and show you how to Lord can come
out of that this weekend another event
that's going to be occurring is uh what
she called him I keep forgetting I got
check my notes all right yeah this
weekend we're going to be doing uh we're
gonna be digging holes well first we're
going to be watching the movie holes if
you ever seen it with shyla bang and
we're gonna be watching diggin holes out
in the past year to represent the movie
and it'll help us see that the load digs
holes for people well there are holes in
your life you gotta dig them you have to
dig all that dirt out dig it out throw
it down get in the home and you'll be
absorbed with all the bad stuff will
just dissipate within the condensation
of atmospheric pressure you just let it
out
and we'll be we'll all be in our holes
dig in and it's gonna be pretty fun it's
going to be going this sunday from to
the mornin tough 10 am sure we're going
to have nights and stuff like that right
if you don't know who i am just come on
down and i'll show you one here uh-oh I
think the wife is home I heard the bat I
heard of it oh shoot let's bet you need
to begin of it could be right there i'ma
tell you every time I believe you begin
by the computer if I won't even know
what if you do it this is a 500 I like a
better hurry i don't know but i just
showed here we go never give me tragedy
quality and sure i'll just finish add to
talking to people or that the Lord you
guys are probably care yes at you I've
been did you use them a battery life we
only have 20 minutes of battery life
every day and you be used it for I'll
even know what well you don't even
matter the ones it don't matter really
you do when I talk to me I walk you step
out of this room for two things today
Iraq I've been not even issue I guards
I'm gonna see until you give me up the
computer boy that's right you don't
think you can handle me ah that's like
it back look office okay we're gonna
have the end the session early because
your wife is being here or she's being
borunda kid what do you think mom I
don't even like me anyways I don't even
know what's going on I'm gonna have to
explain to her and teach her about the
other one this is getting them here I
had control okay where's your wife wish
you were cold bars look at how do you
suspect me now I'm even I don't even use
it could be there well I do but I wadeva
is rikichi that kid would you get on it
and stop grandma but why I'm sick you
grab my butt
