almost at the airport yeah ah we finally
found a parking spot after the decades
of searching at the airport I don't know
why there's so many cars at the airport
24-7 right Austin absolutely are you
happy that we're here now yep good me
too you're not bro solutely just so
happy right now so i got my suitcase yes
oh we found the bus quick just headed
back a creep
just go out here the bus now we gotta
walk and check in
sorry not check-in
through security get on the plane is it
illegal to film in here what is it
illegal to fill my judgment I know
what in the world is going on
I finally made it to California we just
gotta figure out who's giving us a ride
around finally got out of the airport
now we're waiting for the waiting to be
picked up but have no idea where they
are no idea how I'm great Garrett's name
do we get out of here to tell Kristen
exit yeah okay hey boss we finally made
it we're finally here the sun's in the
way that was pretty cool though we made
it to the beach we're going down to the
beach and gonna do some falling over not
there yet but we're walking yeah captain
obvious thanks to kolel fine ablation
park because we don't know what we're
doing oh there's a cop better turn the
camera yeah okay
walking on the city area on dude pretty
nice here oh my gosh I want your beau
coup for this is easy guys we made it to
the beach check it out Oh Kodak moment
right there yeah this is so awesome see
ya we're just exploring right now
Wow probably windy for you boom it's
pretty nice I'd say what you think it'd
be funny if we fell off this guy's
hilarious
she's crazy how much water there it's a
long pier that's for sure I'm tired can
that that was a long walk I know well
welcome to life life's a long walk you
just got a fourth inning just with the
forfeit yeah for sure
