well hi to everybody welcome back to
more Jase - what is that oh nothing Wow
well guys we're up here in Denver Andrew
in the backseat we got Brittany here
Andrew what are we doing today one of
the museum because they have a fun
exhibit that man we're all excited to
see what tell you more
yeah so let's go inside - like we
mentioned we're up here in Denver the
Denver Museum of Nature and Science
guys that thing so if you haven't heard
about the Dead Sea Scrolls you're about
to find out a ton more information who's
excited I know we bought tickets just
open today actually yeah literally just
today they've never been in Denver
before so today's the first day we
wanted to show you guys all about it
okay we were just getting self tickets
and this woman just ran up to us I was
like hey you need an extra ticket like
yeah I invite one so free tickets
blessings on no way we had to buy
tickets to see the Dead Sea scrolls and
or I think tour doesn't start until like
150 so we have about an hour to explore
around and this museum is so big so
we're gonna start here at what is this
gems and minerals Wow okay let's go
inside everyone right now rocks oh do
you guys remember when we did a prank
here hey guys we're here at the Denver
Museum of Nature and Science you know
back in the day if you took a picture of
a dinosaur the flash would actually
almost make it blow up play thank God we
weren't around
probably that's true you know how they
get like the different colors that the
scientists use kool-aid to diam
different colors like that one they use
grape to get it purple
really that one's blue raspberry and it
turns blue we did a prank here I think
idiots at the Museum don't look it up if
you haven't seen it very awkward how
they get these in here guys as you know
this room is worth millions if not
billions of dollars hi guys blue rats
the berry flavored rocks
YUM they also got Big B recipes just
like your hair do I have a funny quick
story to tell you guys so one day I was
talking with Isaac and he asked me if I
wanted to see his rock collection it's
like I'm sure he's like I don't have it
yet but you still want to see it did you
say yes I was like sure well let me know
when you get it but it just reminds as
well looking all these rocks it this
sounds like a collection and I think if
you're watching this look at all these
cool rocks you could collect this could
go in your rock collection which you
haven't started yet I can give you some
of my rocks I said I used to clip drops
what happened
yeah guys you're in the vlog now say hi
no Museum Bros who put that in there
that's not very professional
actually that's part of the rock
formation oh that's where emojis came
from right right moving on emojis are
actually minerals guys when your man
goes to jared 10k karats girl and the
time for Andrew's favorite part of the
human race continue guys watch our
rocket launch these fellas they actually
look like cool rockets that I want to
time we can put like 40 in hence in this
oh these ones are coming up soon so
we're looking at all the animal exhibits
now it's pretty crazy how do they get
the animals to stay in these positions
I'm wondering probably also can we do at
24 hours in a animal exhibit okay who
pushed Barry down what's the first thing
you think of when you see this I hope
you get the right answer no yoga Finding
Nemo 3 we're sorry - sorry finding dory
I met Dory sorry remember those guys
they were funny on there
what you have to say about him and her
she has a forehead infection
you remember Mar from home alone we
haven't touched bricks on his head oh
that's what happened to him yeah cuz
look guys all the other ones don't have
blocks on their head so so what happened
to Harry the mystery remains okay guys
it's time to go see the Dead Sea Scrolls
and it was cool like before he came here
I was looking up just a little more
information on the Dead Sea Scrolls and
it's crazy to know that this discovery
was one of the most significant
discoveries of like 20th century the
Dead Sea Scrolls help us to answer the
question of why we can trust the Bible
basically what they found is an ancient
library they found books and writings
that gave us a glimpse into the first
century and earlier that we never had
before
so these writings were done between
about 250 BC before the time of Christ
and 68 AD before the Romans came in and
destroyed the area of Jerusalem and in
these writings many of them are just
personal writings for the community but
300 of the writings that they found were
of biblical books every biblical book in
the Old Testament except Esther they
found either a full or in most cases a
partial copy of it and this gives us
tremendous confidence that when we hold
the Bible in our hand in particular the
Old Testament we can realize that these
scholars weren't freely changing things
they weren't carelessly just adapting
thing the Jewish scribes who have copied
the Old Testament by hand made
incredible precision in care to be sure
that the Bible has been copied
accurately the Dead Sea Scrolls are one
reason among many that we can trust the
Old Testament the documents in our hands
have not been changed their rituals yes
let's go inside
see what this is all about okay guys so
unfortunately there wasn't any
videography or photography allowed in
the exhibit but it's right behind this
door you guys should look it up because
I think they said Google partnered with
them so they put them all online so I
should go check yeah we'll leave a link
in the description is gonna shop so you
get some yeah it's a putt there no I cut
to what okay they have a little booklet
here so this is a psalm school part of
it so they had this in there guys yeah
we could it was so weird seeing it
because I even heard one of the guys
saying like it's pretty much like a
miracle that these are still even intact
because of you know all the different
factors whether animals Rosetta
two thousand years ago these were
written here whoa so right before we
leave that Dead Sea Scrolls exhibit we
ran into Haley she wanted the bitch so
it's all about yeah man that was cool
I'm so glad they brought this to Denver
like for us to see if you guys are in
Denver it's here too like September I
think definitely come see this where we
at now guys the jellyfish and creatures
of light do we get a stamp you may yes
thank you
this is glow-in-the-dark black lights
here's our stickers or stamps I mean who
knows what this is you guys named this
creature I don't know
sure it's cool - whoa got your big bug
by the way huh go in there glowworms
apparently yeah I can see you from here
guys there's worms everywhere yeah I'm
guessing those are just like beads they
hung up I'm kidding oh sorry we're in
the Egyptian morning room are there
mummies in here a mum of Maya's mummy
Maya or Mamma Mia Mamma Mia mummy
and Roy dare you to go stand over there
and yell bugs bye-bye via butterflies
well guys the trip to the museum was so
awesome such a fun experience to be able
to see the Dead Sea Scrolls because in
the past you know all of us have heard
of it and been able to look stuff up
online but to be able to see it in
person it's just like it's just
mind-blowing and before I ended the vlog
I also wanted to share with you guys
this simple verse in Matthew 24:35 this
is Jesus speaking and he says heaven and
earth will pass away but my words will
by no means pass away and to me just
seeing that verse and reading it and
then being able to see like the Bible
that we have that we're able to tangibly
hold and read it's just the reality of
this verse that his word and his words
will never pass away that's why we still
have the Bible today that's why
everything is still intact and these
documents are still readable from 2000
years ago and I don't know I just it's
so cool
so anyways I hope you guys enjoyed this
video make sure you leave a like and we
just appreciate you all we'll see you
guys back here tomorrow go back
