oh okay this might be my favorite part
of the ship this is the best idea what's
up guys welcome back to more Jase do
these a lot cam for making us do an
intro like this anyway you guys remember
when we did the pirate ship vlog what is
wrong with you man
all the water the lake is below us so
that was such a fun time and you guys
really enjoyed it you gave it this many
likes which was crazy
but guess what we have found our first
pirate ship battle opponent are you
nervous I'm not nervous at all because
I'm a good pirate man me too
anyways but we need to make a new pirate
ship one that's better
it's got like a weapon system it's this
come on
so let's draw out our battle plan oh ok
so we have two ideas or actually one
idea about two different things we have
the newest blow-up castle that we bought
right and what else do we have
we also have our old pirate ship raft
which is like a little pool so we're
gonna try and connect them together one
super ship and then also we can build
around it like with cardboard very draw
this out we could put our like our rat
or our mast here like the ad if you
wanted and then we attach this small
bounce house here and it's connected
this and ends out the side that we can
build up by cardboard walls like around
it so like no enemy can shoot us all
right let's go get them we are not gonna
go down without a fight
so we're going to build this boat up to
be the best battle boat you've ever seen
so we gotta go down the cab join us
we use this for our most recent formula
actually check it out and the cool thing
about this bounce house what this is the
walls can be attached or detached
whatever we prefer hurry bring it
upstairs are you stuck yeah the same
movies pretty big here's another part oh
we can sabotage them what how the leaf
blower what this is one of our weapons
doodle are you sure yes and they come
near us we can use it also as a motor
but as a defense mechanism boy forgot
something really important we both
rotors this time yeah these these make
us go faster yeah I blow this up no
feeder boat kit ha you hold this yeah
yeah you go buddy outside our boat this
is not a good start to the build heber's
Oh
anyways let's meet our opponent for this
battle that's about to go down
I thought your teeth looks so big
clearly our opponent doesn't look that
intimidating and I have no idea what
kind of boat or ship they're gonna build
but I'm not too worried about it because
we have done this before we went out to
sea and experience what it's like and I
gotta say this we've used before it
works perfectly but now when we combine
this with this we're gonna be invincible
clean up clean up everybody do your
share three two fire there's no way
they're gonna build a better business
look how huge this alone is okay and
yeah if we're ever getting attacked from
the front we can quick make a rendezvous
in the back we're gonna have to attach
it really well right here so that we
don't drift apart things we need for
ship mods yes
okay we got the whole list now it's time
to go to the store and pick up these
supplies ready yep let's go you guys
remember our pirate outfits the last
episode put it on Wow that is epic I'm
ready to set sail this is the best thing
we have found our first pirate ship mods
what is it
we've had some cannons for the ship Nemo
sit out of your blog Greenwood yes this
is epic these things fire 35 feet as
well we have also found our swords check
them out and it's soft foam so I can
leave this ready right oh I'm some rope
we got most of the supplies but one of
the main ingredients is what some
cardboard
I'm just found some check it out we're
gonna use this to fortify the outsides
pretty good be sure idler
yeah the Supply Drop inbound
the building has begun okay so what
we're gonna do is right here this we're
gonna cardboard up all the inside of it
so then you can still see the view of
home that's on the outside yeah and our
sales yeah so that's the first thing we
got to take your cardboard then take
these to begin here what are you doing
Canton decide how to attach this because
we got these two poles we got this rope
we got the rope installed here check out
this system I invented like a horse eat
yes I got this wall prepared strapped
down good very nice we're getting this
along now that I think about it guys
leave a comment right now and help us
decide what we're gonna call this ship
yeah Andrew and I have had a few ideas
but I feel like you guys always come up
with better ideas or funny ideas I'll
draw on the side of the box or something
so everyone knows yeah so with your
funny ideas and maybe we'll use some of
them cuz this is quite the epic ship it
needs another name okay this might be my
favorite part of the ship just installed
the roof and check this out this is the
best yeah
it's so funny don't you protected like
portnow but easy to access for a task
right oh man
very pleased with how this is turning
out I think this is the funnest little
mods we've done thus far but we're not
done know if one more that we want
that's going to be epic
these noodle things we're going to use
as a device to board the other pirate
ship okay show them the ladder I'll try
my best
yes the swords are here look at this
beauty you like this then it'd be cool
every time I can hatch these but then we
couldn't move on but if those are real
candid those two swords so I think we're
pretty set weapons
who's impressed though now the only
thing left is to take this out to sea
will it float will it be a good ship I
think this is a good test yeah if only
we had some way to like a motor on it
this thing's gonna be hard to paddle oh
no this is gonna be crazy guys do you
think we're gonna be able to make it in
the ocean you're gonna be able to
survive the battle yes or no will we win
okay the bat of the battleship is built
but the battle doesn't begin until
tomorrow
whew our stoked and excited for the
matt'll leave a like come back here
tomorrow and don't forget to leave your
comments of what we should call the boat
what's the boat's name yes you need to
know this is gonna be so exciting but
yeah thanks for watching have a great
rest today
good bye
