slow down dude this ain't the nascar
race should slow down there's a couple
trees over here so you're going to want
to watch out maybe if I a deer and where
it comes out hey you want to see us at
stop complete stop
you all right we're gonna take a right
wall I was a little too fast hey stupid
the speed limits 45 I know thank you
that's
dude do you have any respect for people
let's just go to the mall oh you idiot
my electronics are in there wow thank
you bet get out what do you think you're
doing get out make me get out see if I
wasn't here you'd probably still get out
what are you doing head out now spatch
no I'm not sure friend anymore will you
be crashed if I wasn't here once more I
gotta do a quick psi prior tracker
pressure soup of what does that I gotta
do a quick minute or psi tire check
I needed to a quick mandatory tire
pressure check
what I need to do a quick mandatory tire
pressure check it is very important I
heard you the first time why'd you say
what so and we just get to the mall I
know right really sick of it ready to go
boise ok let's go
yeah what now oil change oh you can't
turn the dadgum igniter when it's
already on you can't turn the igniter on
when it's already on
you
okay where we going again Paul didn't
need directions I already know whoops
please don't be a backseat driver next
time we feed gorillas Austin
