hello Siri how are you doing today I'm
fine thanks for asking
ha your first answer is better anyway
stupid idiot okay so basically what I
was wondering is when will the world end
and why will end let me think I can't
answer that why don't you ever talk to
me why am i they always wanted to talk
to you like why can't you just talk to
me for once in my life I'm on it
what is your real life boy name I'd
rather not say are you you know not to
be embarrassed it's just me I mean come
on don't joke around with me Siri silly
Siri if you insist
well are you gonna tell me or just say
that you think yes that's one hi my name
is Facebook I'm Bugs Bunny Instagram how
much would that cost me
well how does 1 billion dollars sound oh
that is just wonderful how does 1
billion dollars sound oh thank god
how does 1 billion dollars sound you've
gotta be out of your mind I work for
Facebook and we get billions of dollars
every second why don't we blow some more
money on one little tiny asset any other
African you I'll buy it yes thank you
something a quiet amazing you out today
boys we got this one in the books oh
thank god I thought you were gonna say 1
trillion dollars well if spinning
everyone oh say you want to buy
Instagram d
and this sounds like the perfect plan
for me to take over the world with all
the mass amounts of money how does 1
billion dollars sound why do you call
everyone Gregg because that's their name
and it's your favorite animal sloth yes
thank you for all your support and I
guess I'll see you next time when I do
another vlog sounds like a good idea all
right
what is your favorite noun alcoholic
beverage
