but walking through the mall having so
much fun this is the best day ever
yeah oh the only best store that's in
the mall you only just check it they got
snowboarding gear closed why
oh yeah young e with all these yummy
shades
I always thought some of these look like
halo masks now I'm back there oh I just
want to wear this in public and say I'm
from halo you know not too many nifty
shoes here but
a whole Manby
at the Denver dressing all their colors
it's just so sick babe babe she's
filming me I'm so embarrassed now no I
was that filming oh you're not filming
Roman promise
on our way to goose Gossage to fill some
insane tricks my mom bucks or a
chick-fil-a now and the line is big as
aids as always just a quick snack before
boarding so pretty much if I get if I
get in a car wreck
we both I'll have my face on this metal
steering wheel oh and that's not good
no yeah yeah hi can I get this spicy
chicken sandwich and that's it just the
sandwich could I have some ranch in
chick-fil-a sauce with the water please
okay thank you can't want you to water
in 338 I was afraid the window
welcome to chick-fil-a hi welcome to
chef flay at the skate park
and I'm just a nice food before we go
there we go good
okay next up on today's tutorials on how
to do skate tricks we have justice
you're gonna teach us how to do an ollie
oh whoa okay he's gonna show us how to
the holy now guys like in our
grandmother's kitchen right now look at
this this doesn't even look like a
restaurant you know like there's my
bedroom up there usually I just come
down when I want grandma to make me some
food she goes back and got the tunes
going
you good afternoon welcome to grandma's
kitchen today our today's menu is
blueberry muffins good afternoon welcome
to my mines kitchen good afternoon
welcome to mammy areas kitchen on
today's menu you have a delicious
blueberry muffin say I love booby Ahn's
muffins we have a house salad coming
drench it it's a Cobb salad dude and to
top off our meal today just barbecue
piece ideas that's how you do right
right right
one after the commercial break we'll be
back and I'll show you how to eat its
glorious food we're not going on any
commercial breaks oh wait they're not
having commercials remember we have to
have commercials grandma still has to
cook but to make the sound effects first
pretty dorky shut up today we have a
scrumptious
and barbecued pork it epital Cheney's
David by to see how good it is that oh
that the sauce is at Alicia's at
remember it tasted like a heaven put it
in la boca i got a salad
yzma today is especially delicious
so basically I'm gonna try and eat this
entire bottle of coleslaw 110 seconds on
your marks time I divided it in the half
ranch Caesar so I get a plethora of
flavors
dividing conquer technique
