sup justice
I
we are trying to find Tyler Ward's house
to start recording the falling madness
solitaire and we're a little bit lost
but we're in a nice neighborhood baby
rhetorician I know solver girl rappers
yeah good for you yeah Bonnie got in the
scenes documentary
all right so vh1 real-world empty field
ve T boom everything in between
yo I've been a freestyle right off this
John yo hey and I never gone home and
catch me at the crib and I'm never home
alone and you know I'm just bitten right
here and Tyler Ward's house it's an M
pig's house and their rigs house I don't
think it's clean I don't see your mouse
I don't even care what am i rap business
out we rap about falling oh it's so
appalling yeah we over here and you know
I'm straight John then I mean I'm just
filming Kenny I'm chilling I'll be over
here and you know I'm just drilling
microphone to my left it's kind of cold
man I don't even know cuz I'm doing what
I do man don't go to school man yeah I
graduated I'll be on my house go ahead
and like that like on Facebook why you
tryin to write back catch Jake spoon
crew we started this full of madness
Paula everywhere we go black praise you
know what to do I'm feeling like I
should have made that first one a little
more dorky but j stu studios know I'm
awesome thought it couldn't rap well
look who's wrong son anyway I would like
to say hey to the people who have fallen
today yeah there's definitely a super
delay not good but very bad thanks for
taking a behind-the-scenes tour of the
falling song the following song I don't
know what the title of it's gonna be but
I like it yeah falling song it should be
more different we should make it
provocative see for some reason they
like standing or they play their video
games here we got epic John from simply
spoons Z fields and black Pres
just look at these goons
Who am I
it was going back and forth I was yeah
that's pretty pissed off is it from here
to the is a from here the hook nah I
have it 16 right now I'll fix it later
so cover something right now from right
there where you stopped it to the hook
is at 8 per minute yeah yeah yeah
it's smallest man I ain't even tryna
tread yeah we do one more time that's
perfect that's perfect I caught ya his
smokes man hey neither trying to brag
when I'm in a bad brought that I had a
bag tripped up it felt lost on my swag
she like what happened to all that boys
you have dim that sucks
Just My Luck don't worry hold man I
helped myself up dust myself off put
back ready to go turn my swag on next
thing I know I'm sitting that's perfect
right before the hood
Oh way actually we shouldn't do anything
inside yeah yeah yeah should I come
tumbling after you die do it all awkward
or yeah you should come tumbling after
it's pretty much like doing that hot
shovel okay now let's see if you can you
tell how muddy it is and walking up our
hill for the last shot everybody got mud
on their shoes so this is what we did
about five o'clock so Tom day get back
home quite noticeable Game Boy Moss my
officially applied to a tee right now
something like that
successful day I'd say so boys
all right on our way back from Denver we
have a beautiful Bronco colored sunset
here listening to our new song what do
you think your song fallin see started
we drink we sleepy folly on purpose in
the surface I care of you but we did it
on video
