what's up guys welcome back two more
days to Boyd we got fun new style vlog
for you guys today
a couple vlogs ago we made a trying not
to laugh challenge and that was pretty
funny so what are we gonna do today
today we are actually going to be
collabing with clash with can have you
heard of him
I have I have as well we should collab
we should do this challenge with another
youtuber so we're going to make cam a
funny video and he's gonna be making us
a funny video yup and then we're gonna
watch them and we're gonna see who
laughs the most and then the loser is
gonna do something funny so at the end
of this video right right now we were
looking for clips that we think are
gonna make him laugh
I know it's hard because we don't know
what he laughs at the most we spent the
last 30 minutes trying to find clips and
I think we've got some good ones
yeah we got a little less than three
minutes like he has actually added a few
more clips of me and Andrea from like
years ago I don't know if I laugh at all
but we do now it's like a little over
three minutes we're just waiting to hear
back from him and we can Skype
he's calling Oh No
hey I answered you enter busy I did hey
Facebook 1-0-1 he sent over the video he
made for us it style Jace do don't laugh
don't laugh
download the clips that I put in there
like they made me laugh and so cuz like
I'm hoping that since they made me laugh
like they'll make you guys laugh - but I
mean I don't know like your sense of
humor and stuff you know yeah that's
exactly what we were talking about
what's really hard to make me laugh
picked a fight with the wrong guy did
you laugh at anything on the one we did
nope it was boring today Wow I dropped
the camera
so we got decide on what happens to the
loser
maybe the loser has to tweet out
something that the other person says so
if we lose we both have to do it yeah
each lap it counts as a pointer but yeah
we have to have any audible sound then
that's a point yeah okay even if you
accidentally farted if you go
we have established a punishment for
whoever laughs the most how about he
explains yeah you explain the punishment
is the loser has to eat bean boozled a
handful right yep handful a whole
handful and also was another thing the
winner gets to tell the other person
what their next intro is gonna be
they're gonna introduce it yeah it's
gonna be funny for their next video I
really I'm hoping it is very hard to
make me laugh and so I think you guys
are challenges are you ready yeah
so we have to go first yeah yeah oh man
okay
get all the laughing beetles out now we
will not lose I'm not I'm excited to see
you guys watch these clips no not funny
just finished watching the video that
was funny yeah that was pretty funny
so we last we left three times and
that's pretty good right yeah I think so
I think we helped strong but now he has
to watch our video and he can't laugh
more than twice right cuz it's laugh his
two points
he's look because he's just a single man
yeah alright so they lost three times in
my last count is two points yes I feel
like you're gonna fail just keep that in
mind
and today we're doing these nachos this
is this video is so sad and that's done
well is this a try not to cry challenge
and mix it up and we'll have a dip for
three to six people
and I'm Steven Reed and this was Weaver
cooks
Sisto sad
looking here are the free
easy-to-install what this item yeah
that's right five or four hundred
electrician working sick I'm sorry I
have a friend it's an electrician and he
said if I buy it I can install it myself
but my thing is how easy is it to
install I gonna do with myself where I
don't know like yeah you should be able
to do it yourself with no problem you're
like it's a fair wouldn't close okay so
I got to putting it on a wall well
that's the question I had can I put that
on the UM on it just like a stucco wall
like the outside of my house of stucco
yeah you could 41 starter it's not the
taco taco quacking stop oh no it's gonna
go in you're going to use a blue oh yeah
what's his name screw tap Carly come Art
Attack con you can screw into concrete
I'm not talking left the stuff out now
promise me well behind here it's going
to but you're not gonna see it doc you
as you guys can see from my beautiful
wonderful injure I really enjoy being
crazy dang it
all righty second we got to use this one
drop of one stair xuxa no ready figure
we got to use this one just shoot shoot
xuxa one just Starshine yeah one just
shine what one chest she shot one
Chester shoe shoe shoe shock and the one
just year solution okay that's it I
think I laughed once right yeah I think
you left once just once
good try guys but you lost honestly
there are some really funny stuff that
the first guy at the beginning like I
almost started cracking up the pop rocks
crap what's the punishment again and
your next intro has to be whatever I say
so great I guess we'll get to that
punishment then here at the store now
getting the bean boozled Chris Chris you
did this great begun we've challenged 52
whole box in under five minutes
no all right that's it
whose idea was it to do this out of all
things it was Chris Chris you're gonna
pay for this I got graham crackers and
and water on deck because I've we've
done this before on our channel many
times and it has been the worst about
much hopefully these are all all good
flavors Oh Garth No Oh something hit the
jackpot
uh-huh our day spa
Oh something's after you're not reading
welfare you live in Moscow oh yeah I am
I know your wife oh did you fart
I need the grams me neither we're
talking and we're trying to figure out
how on earth the creators of this stuff
made these flavors taste like dead fish
tastes like dead fish
how do they put the flavor in their
spoiled milk like the worst job ever go
go on the lab and make more flakes I
have to try it yeah Oh all right guys
well I hope you enjoyed that video and
if you want to see us reacting go check
out his video yeah this was a fun one
there if you haven't checked out Chris's
channel link is in the description but
just go click the video go subscribe go
some some some pork is you make some
great gaming vids lifestyle did you know
go check now thanks guys
I guess till next time guys we'll see
you tomorrow oh and don't forget he is
deciding how we intro our next vlog so
well just come back tomorrow to see what
happens
