while the latest viral video craze has
ties to southern Colorado it is called
falling and you might have guessed the
subjects in the video intentionally trip
themselves up in public places
now our Andy Cohen is falling all over
himself to get you up to speed on this
fad when 18-year old Justin Seward
graduated from high school last May he
got a new video camera this is some of
what he and his friend Jacob have been
doing with it really nobody I've just
always loved being in front of the
camera and making people laugh
we've just been acting like that forever
and it's just fun to come have fun make
videos with him this particular video
falling is the new coning has gone viral
racking up over a million views on
YouTube in a month
justin says he's even become the leader
of a falling community I've had here
send me their videos of them falling and
I've gotten videos from all around the
world from Belgium to Germany to
Australia his mom Tiffany says I don't
know what to make of it then I know that
it's who he is and I'm glad people enjoy
a sense of humor I've had to live with
it and our family has since he was
little so what about the stores and the
mess we asked District Attorney Dan made
to look over the clips and see whether
what Justin and Jacob were doing was
legal from a legal standpoint there's no
crime against and videoing yourself
falling down or surprising people
otherwise years ago candy camera could
have been charged with crimes of that
type stuff for illegal he says things
might be different if the kids actually
damage the merchandise but Justin says
they always clean up after themselves
and if they break it they buy it
we as you leave they never kick us out
they just come up to us and talk to us
see what we're doing but whatever we
always pick up after ourselves and make
sure we respect what they have to say if
they want us to leave and they plan to
continue falling until it falls out of
fashion Andy Cohen
News 5 by one guy is the cereal aisle
there he never even turned around no
couple observations really big Cheerios
box yeah and then I was interesting when
he was carrying the flat screen TV that
fell on him that's right you guys get it
right that's not that risque but that is
funny stuff
