all righty well a lot of you uh fans out
there are always asking me how we set up
the cart to film pranks here's a up
close and personal look at how we do in
jasonlew studio style so join in
alrighty
okay we're just going to pretend that
this is the camera says Jacob sold the
camper right now I'll show yourself
yeah so usually what I do is I get the
ad you go to the towel which is right
when you walk in so come here to get
black because the camera is black so you
want it to blend in well you're going to
want to make sure that this is ring ups
with the camera so make sure this is
down
yeah you just put the towel down right
here really
and so this is the camera look at the
camera right here
and usually if you're going to like tilt
it up or anything you can just adjust it
by just folding it over and then once
the camera is in place you just fold it
over like that so see you can still see
it
how does that look good
pretty beautiful see it's perfectly
hidden someone likes standing up here
they'll be like oh that just looks like
a towel but don't just have the towel
there just have like how the coffee made
mr. coffee mr. coffee
yeah we're buying things yeah so it
doesn't like so much devious but don't
just put stuff that yeah well we anyways
we just put stuff that looks maybe
surrealistic yeah that's definitely
realistic just like pink towel Barbies I
don't know whatever you think feels
realistic and then yeah white mouse
comes back down okay now let me show you
what it actually looks like in the car
here while we're recording this
hey stick up stir over here so nobody
walks by and see this film again you got
it okay so here's the town we're just
gonna set it down right here
I look Jacob's a little up so I'm going
to tilt this up a little bit and then
I'm going to fold it over see it's just
that easy
so if I can anymore give me this cap if
I get any more messages on YouTube
telling me how I film my videos you're
not a true fan you are a true fan you
just need to watch my videos more yep
and subscribe to both of my channels
right yep high five one and two so yeah
I hope this was a super informative
video and this is just how to film
pranks
