welcome back to more JC you guys hope
you're having a great day because we are
and guess what watching last few vlogs
it's been sunny out and now and what's
know that it's freezing yeah it kind of
stops snowing but it was snowing earlier
look at that lot you can see the snow in
the mountains falls arriving the trees
are changing I mean there's no snow on
the ground but there was earlier just
believe us
yeah but we have a what we have a new
type of log for y'all today it's not
like new new but we never really done it
on this channel before so we hope you
like it but yes but what is it before we
started filming this vlog I came over to
Andrew's house and since it's cold it's
kind of hard to you know want to go and
do outdoor activities these are like
what is something we enjoy something fun
just come with us inside and we'll show
you
fight oh it's cold
yeah hurry breath by so when you come to
Best Buy you're really here for the
movies camera gear or video games we're
here for video games let's see if we can
find it well Oh
this isn't what we're looking for that's
kind of cool what is this it's like a
gun you put PlayStation VR
I've never heard of this game our point
yeah it looks cool that's all I'm saying
anyways you want to play this game we
played it on our gaming channel for this
is like the expansion and it's t14 we
found it
Andrew Gravatt
we've got it guys this game we played it
three times on our gaming channel it is
so fun so that's what today's vlog is
we're gonna get some snacks you don't
get all the gaming supplies and then do
it game play with this yeah cuz you you
know we love making Fork this game is
all about literally making forts and
like defending yourself and finding
treasure and stuff it's fun okay what an
off-road hoverboard where was this back
in the day and I packed for you and it's
whoa almost 500 scooter
and what is this we got a drift seat
that's epic guys we're getting a new
subscriber right now my main man Carson
hooks it up with his sub we're set on
the game now sign for snacks
did you find it you do want these put it
in now actually I didn't want that okay
people are giving us these strangest
looks and it's okay
because we are okay with who we are will
yes fries snacks
Thanks okay so we got some popcorn
because you know when you're hanging out
at the house get have some good small
snacks so popcorn
what is this chocolate milk this time is
so good I never had it before you're
gonna like it I promise
let's get it by it's time to go Andrew
all it is alright
and stop it's just water
go but if I do guys
guys we have a we have a weather warning
what does that mean I don't know there's
lots of flavors in here but this that's
squirt pulse no that's a freeze warning
ah back home and first things first we
need to preheat the oven for these bad
boys what's the temp for baked cookies
Oh 350 hi mom we can't eat cookies
whenever we want
all right it's warming up we can eat the
whole bag mom yeah mom something else we
need is a new gaming couch what do you
say okay so let's get one ready set
attack so that's heavy you don't go all
right who remembers the old couch I'm so
glad I've just gone and just like you
got a new one like that I know it's so
helpful Plus this new gaming seat so you
go like this and you lay down in the
gaming it's where you act like a farm in
on you could crawl around like you're at
the farm since it like connects whoo
that's the worst game I've ever heard
have you not played that anything get it
heard Kenny see Buford's a lot nicer he
doesn't go attack mode on face animals
can play the game as well right also
while the oven is preheating you can
have fun if you have hardwood floors and
wears socks it's sliding adventures
you try to get them keV it's time to try
some seaweed snacks no biases just for
fun is that bad
this is like a good salty crispy chip
that's like guys the moment you've all
been waiting for the oven is preheated
the cookies are about to be dropped off
the care package will be delivered in Oh
cripes I burned myself on this guy's be
careful cuz that hurt I didn't touch the
door and a burn wife now how many
minutes let's see we got eight to ten
minutes hey Siri set a timer for eight
to ten hey Siri hey Siri hey Siri Siri
are you serious
hey Siri ah what are you doing
open yes
now this is gonna be good
cinnamon popcorn guys wait just try bite
mm-hmm it's a superfood popcorn to guys
which means it's healthy Wow the cookies
are ready where's the oven mitt
where's hurry hurry ah see you know when
Mom sets up the house on Homer it goes
yeah
what adolescence II get it cap yeah
Jeff keeps grabbing Beauford leash
please collar there yeah call her and be
her come on Buford doesn't seem too
bothered by it I feel bad for Buford who
else feels bad for Buford people like
guys leave a comment right now letting
us know who would win Buford or Kevin in
a tug-of-war competition you cast your
votes they do love playing tug-of-war
Buford's kind of letting me down right
now he doesn't seem too powerful but
he's like a big boss yeah he's got big
chubby legs so leave a comment maybe
next vlog we'll have them do a
competition and we'll see which of you
guys were great so we got all our snacks
ready we got the game on here we go this
is like the main screen for a battle
royale and if you guys have played
what's that getting all players unknown
this game is just like it except it's
more of like a more animated toned down
version
that I guess but it's no fun so we're
going to play it this is not sponsored
by the way we just love this game and we
wanted to play it and show you guys how
cool it is we're gonna do solo gameplay
first you're having a cookie yeah give
me one yeah so a solo mode which is by
yourself
there are squat mode where you have like
a team of three or four four four and
they just came out with dual mode so
just you and one friend yes we're gonna
have to upload a gaming video dual mode
yeah we'll do that
so goop squad gaming is our gaming
channel man who was another cookie but
me and Andrea like to do what we're
playing earlier was we take turns and we
see who can last the longest right so
once he dies say he comes in 50th place
I have to beat 50th place yeah so that's
what we're gonna do today I'm going show
you guys now
oh look at all these no and you gotta
fly and find supplies everyone starts
with just a shovel yeah see we are in
this building I'm going there better be
a gun in here otherwise the yikes
don't have a pit oh yeah blue we got a
switch or a gun what is that that's more
gun but not rare you got a blue rare
okay I'm going in here get all the guns
look around I don't see anybody I hear a
guy shooting but there's nothing back
here oh oh there he is oh it's a purple
gonna kill them
yeah three yes guys we've been playing
this a lot and it's hard to find like
the rare guns purple is definitely good
yeah yep that's somebody how did you
what the heck did he have a good donor
what he had to have had a good gun I
don't know what happened there all right
it's so not fair
all right guys no I have to be 72nd
place ah what's your strategy tell them
what's up I need to get down there
before everybody else over on the other
side of the map here we go oh my just
charging straight for the right see that
little village outside of the trees up
there let's just get down there do you
see anybody else look around quickly oh
oh yes one guy is this someone's big
house oh my gosh she's all her oh okay I
need to get a gun
douwe he's probably gonna get a gun
upstairs oh you gotta get out of there
all right I'm gonna run oh no more bolts
here does that wall that'd be fun to do
a squad with some other gamer friends
Yeah right
guys let us know leave a comment right
now and let us know if there are under
any of the gamer youtubers you watch
that you really like that you think we
should collab with on like a game like
this leave some comments also hit them
up yeah hit him up on Twitter or
something oh this isn't a gun yeah yes
oh yeah there are chests throughout the
map that are like cool extra gear oh so
look I got a shield some bricks that
wasn't that great of a chest but check
this out so now I can give myself an
over shield oh I see yes I've seen
somebody
okay I'm going in there he's run after
it doesn't see me yet ah off you'll have
your needs
I'm going with the shotgun fifteen help
that was close
she's throwing grenades in this
chocolate wasn't shooting that fast I
got scared
this sounds better
okay good Oh a mmediately shield my
skate gun number one priority right I
have a tent in the house
Oh Oh lots of stuff lots of blue gun
really yeah
what what a trap dude I've never seen
the trap
why do I do that school business yeah
there's a bad guy guys he's upstairs oh
he's upstairs I see him I see him in the
window
what's he doing in there in here
oh yes dude what is her whole a
goodnight launcher dude keep your eyes
peeled Ethan
dude stop dude he's coming up he's down
there well guys I think that concludes
the gaming portion of it and the vlog oh
wait before you go guys we have a meetup
announcement here in Colorado Andrew
give them the details okay guys this
Saturday October 14th we're gonna do a
fan meet up at 11:30 a.m. at shots
coffee except by the Bass Pro Shops yep
so info in the description address and
everything so if you're in Colorado or
just want to come hang out with us for
like two hours or something yes we'll be
like two hours we'll be there and we'd
love to meet you so hope to see you
there
we love meetups yeah like you said it's
just super fun and relaxing on a cold
day like this hope you guys like the
style blog if you did leave a like yeah
we've never done that gameplay on more
J's do for you all
oh yeah so and if you guys want to add
us we can do maybe like four player
squad with you all right yeah gameplays
with some of you guys we play ps4 so if
you have Xbox or laptops PCs we only
have ps4 so it'll we can only play a few
guys who have it yeah but other than
that guys I guess we'll see you back
here tomorrow
peace out guys
