yeah I'm excited
hope you guys are too today's four it's
gonna be insane or no why why because
it's sponsored by Tabasco
we have a bunch of ideas plan involving
food hacks bounce house tunnels I just
can't even comprehend it Andrew just
moved into his new house check out the
basement tons of space it's all empty
we got cardboard here so let's get
building and show you what's happening
check out all the cardboard we got from
the local dumpster literally we just
went down the street to the local stores
and they have all these huge boxes so
this is gonna be used as the entrance
and a tour so what else you got
it's a bounce house and look small right
here but we actually have to blow it up
this thing is huge it's gonna be a nice
comfort area for the fort but should
probably tell you guys the idea for this
fort before we get you know planning out
what we want to do show them the plan
normally your box for it is kind of
small but this one's gonna be huge
because check this out you see this
whole section yeah block it off with
cardboard cuz we have plenty huge pieces
we're gonna you know take them all off
whole thing inside our fort yeah so
we're gonna blow this up put this
somewhere in here use the tunnel so we
can like have areas to climb out but
this is all gonna be blocked off the
curtains are blackout oh yeah let's go
the dogs are joining us Kevin Buford
Kevin can't fix everyone getting so big
right keV oh yeah he's a growing boy
but check out this piece we found it
literally covers the whole wall you
start our idea is to blow up the bounce
house first because we once we get the
walls up we're not going to be able to
get these big objects yeah yeah so
just discovered that these two pieces
plus that piece will fill the whole
thing all this so we can build it even
bigger
okay well let's get this main wall up
take these pieces together I'm gonna see
what the walls almost firmly in place
the bottom half at least get back to
work
Tabasco now that the walls are out for
the most part we're trying to cut a door
as our entry point fellas it's done we
can get in you got Andrew it's called a
staple gun this is for adults only Ange
I thought why not staple this piece to
that piece so it you know they're
alright we've made an entrance already
it looks so big compared to you whoo-hoo
yeah it's huge before I show you guys
the door introduction there's a prank on
dogs using this you put it here perfect
this kind of reminds me of a hamster
house yeah going in wait sheds on me
I can't move we are inside the intro
caverns yes we did
now we're closing the blinds black mode
basically got the walls all done next
step is interior decorations and
although the supplies are going there it
also is getting hot down here yeah so
I'm gonna have to change into some more
fort clothes long sleeves it's not
working it's getting hot so close let's
go do that and then we'll work on the
inside you know I found this in the fort
it's Tabasco have you tried it I have
but I want to try it again in the fort
okay well we need more supplies all
right let's go boom we're all changed
into comfy for gear now we're ready to
build I also have something for the fort
I don't know what it is yeah show us now
check this out
so this is a convection oven do you know
what that is yeah you can cooks up in it
yep and leave a comment right now what
food items you want to see us make with
this because we have four bottles of
Tabasco and we have a lot of snacks that
we want to make we have some ideas but
we want to hear your ideas too
so leave a comment hurry we should have
brought this into the first loops oh we
are setting up our kitchen area right
now we brought in this huge shelf we got
our cooking supplies right here snack
station is almost done we got to
decorate though look what we got
epic posters we're gonna hang up on the
walls got these guys we can't just not
decorate it we gotta make this the whole
time
oh man this fort looks awesome you guys
want to see it me check it out whoa all
the different flavors where you got
green yellow Pino habanero garlic paper
all right Jill
whoo oh and yeah this one this is the
snack station which we're gonna start
making first we need to get blankets
then oh yeah these for blankets
we're certs in the kitchen now for as
many snacks we can bring in as possible
wow that is a lot of tortillas so we're
gonna be having a party since its
football weekend aw man this is like the
quesadilla Factory in here we got the
hard ones we got corn we got soft we got
big we got medium we got all the sizes
for all the meats and all the friends I
have some ideas that are going to
involve a yummy entree with this in
Tabasco oh my gosh can't wait to try it
Aaron you want to come over and check
out our fort to my house my house is
sponsored by Tabasco there's gonna be
tons of snacks trust me okay yes Aaron's
come on over yeah this party's getting
started okay I got some of the food
supplies down and rest to get the rest
of them
this is coming along very nicely we got
the blankets and pillows in here we got
a whole box shipment all the dogs they
smell the food Oh get out of here what's
happening to the fourth food shipment
right we have got all the snacks in
before you guys ready to see all the
different things we got and what we're
gonna be making I'm so excited this is
the best snack seventh we have ever had
an afford I think so so check it out we
got the of course the Tabasco ready to
be used
chips cheese we're going to melt kay so
in here we've got our oven gonna make
some you know you'll see we got a veggie
platter then we got our tortilla set up
all different types of tortillas buy it
abandoned that eat that oh yes man I
have a little fun drink I'm gonna make
that you guys never heard of that's
gonna be really good I bet none of you
put this in the comments if someone did
I'll give you a prize but you did it all
right chef it up I guess we'll start
with the cheese cuz that's gonna take
the longest to melt so zoinks this is
gonna be the best taste o ever we're not
just gonna put the cheese in there to
melt
no we're matting in Tabasco this is like
a little secret hack that I've done
before
okay so couldn't get any better you're
wrong so what we're gonna do we're gonna
put this melt start pouring some in
there immediately
yes alright so we'll do some now oh I
should've put some on the bottom it's
okay I'll see you okay but don't worry
you start with this you wait for it to
get a little melty and then you put more
in that's how you make a good case oh
all right what's next I have two things
we haven't had lunch yet so I'm gonna
make
Kennon get off
Paco okay I'm gonna make a simple
basement light baby
a touch of this on the base as well he's
got some chests yeah a little extra
touch Wow a nice crunch on the top so
walked in here just gonna harden the
tortilla wait huh your football your
football buddies are gonna come back
every single Sunday hoping for pizza
soon we close the blinds what's
happening you're getting ready for the
game so this is gonna be our TV screen
here wait before the games on Andrew a
pizza is done pizza yeah Wow look at
that yeah can you make me one
yeah thanks did you even see like you
can't even grab it like by a hole good
that I know let's try a bite
Oh hot get this game on so I can snack
and watch Orient's coming I want to make
one more thing that's a little hack for
you guys so it's just something I like
to call wakka moly cereal check this out
how much guac you want you put in your
bowl add this of course crunch it when
you have guacamole in a bowl you can't
always get it all but when you put the
chips in there and use a spoon and make
cereal it's so good
guacamole cereal yep Wow you guys not
try this whoa listen that sizzle
we showed you guys all the food but we
forgot about beverages completely forgot
to show you guys that Tabasco goes well
in beverages as well so let's board in
here there's just kombucha caboose is
one of my favourite drinks what flavor
is I this is lemon ginger it's a lot
better so your staff was just like a few
little drops and then you want to mix it
there you go it's such a little hand
that your guests want no idea what hit
them and they'll be so excited
you have Tabasco not bad this is the
movie lounge room we put blankets I
don't know if you can really tell but we
put blankets over top of the bounce
house and made it this sweet room you
can just chill and watch things
yeah and it's a lot easier than having
to bring down like a mattress because
this is already like really comfy
we've got pillows back here Aaron is on
his way right now he should be here cuz
he just called me yeah what should we do
to him we should scare him
what where's the entrance not there nope
ironed hi welcome to the fort Wow
impressive either gonna grab his foot or
something
no you lights off
sponsored by Tabasco ah Tabasco sauce
it's sponsored by Tabasco oh you said it
alright remember me this is the bed yeah
you gotta admit Aaron this is the best
snack setup we've ever had right yeah we
cooked our own food in the fort we got a
little oven basically yeah what are you
doing well the game is over so this four
is no longer needed right right so I'm
gonna belly fall ready give us a
countdown 5 4 3 2 1 funny ya feel
hurtful I kind of hurt my leg are you in
the fort yeah can you shut off the
cheese machine all right let's go
before well that's the end of the vlog
so hope you guys enjoyed it if you did
give it a like and let us know which
snack you're going to try for if you're
watching football and having a party
over you know yeah let us know in the
comments also shout-out to Tabasco for
sponsoring the video we really
appreciate it yeah thanks for supporting
us guys we'll see you back here tomorrow
peace out
