yeah guys yo be doing well and today
we're going back to visit the forest
fort
do you guys remember when we did that oh
yeah I love this one
how long has it been since we've been
back to that fort maybe like two weeks
I feel like yeah long enough for a bunch
more people to come maybe have built
more forts on to this right but today
we're not just going to look we're gonna
do a fort mod we're also gonna be hiding
some presents so if you guys are in the
area you can go find them it's gonna be
a good one so let's go in the store and
get the presents and then head to the
fort one of the presents is going to be
a gift card and we found the gift card
section so many different options
watched remotely I want your ball a get
it okay next up we're thinking a movie
who wants this ha just kidding
yes of all cop oh paul blart mall cop
and how about a Fidji i never seen these
these are super rare rare Star Wars
fishies many flavours all they got the
storm trooper gets storm trooper okay
thank you
back in the car we got a quick beverage
as well they bottle it Bay if you're
watching this why don't you sponsor us
already heading over to pick up a shovel
and some tools because we have some mod
ideas like we mentioned earlier we need
tools because no take forever if you use
their bare hands that's it
Andrews mom we're coming in alright
shovel
where would saw check shovel check yep
let's go whoa just prank yeah it's
getting towed it is kind of scary yeah
that is scary we are on Mount Hermon
Road those of you who haven't seen our
other two videos and live in Colorado
and want to find this Fork community you
could watch the other videos but we kind
of give a little more details
the fall colors are cool too all the
bushes are changing odd I know it's so
beautiful
literally Colorado is the best place for
fall especially up in the mountains we
have arrived to the foot we go what is
it where
oh dude he's so tiny it's so low he
can't go ah is he gonna be our port
mascot worst dad cool
today's first nature find we're putting
him back in the wild but what what
should his name be a little snake leave
a comment right now guys and let us know
what we should name him yeah okay just
look at all these colors guys used to be
ultra green in here like this yeah we're
out of breath we've been running I keep
thinking these are like earrings when I
run by but they're literally just leaves
with water on them so what I was like
who dropped them we found the secret off
path last time we left an arrow made out
of wood let's see if it's still here
somebody destroyed it
what come on
but definitely can see a path yeah hurry
almost there
think we're almost here I just oh I see
it did the tarp fall down there's no
more top guys hey who took the top huh
it's cut and destroyed guys no and
people have trash up here which is not
acceptable we're gonna pick up some
stuff because there's it's okay
charge of the village the mayor mayor
our village has been ravaged by enemies
whoa oh yeah oh it's the 1% they're back
pretty cool so this is a look out what
in the world the mystery still remains
guys what happened to fort bill enemy
archers take cover
that's what happens when villages like
so are left uninhabited they can be
ravaged they can be destroyed by other
settlers I'm sorry guys I was expecting
like more forts and zones but there is
only destruction here's the geocache box
I'm wondering if there's more surprises
nice a toothbrush what is that sausage
sushi in a can another bar in case
someone was up here as I called man it's
raining and I need food Colorado we have
about 12 new entries since last time
we've got this guy you can see him then
also baby moo cow so welcome to the book
baby moo cow
ello said hi in the funny quotes book
bowties are cool okay what has eight
wheels and flies eight meals and flies
hey garbage truck yeah here's what we're
gonna do I'm tearing out pages in the
back of the book just a couple pages and
we're gonna write clues it's going to
tell you guys where the prizes we bought
are gonna be hidden around this village
so we're gonna make one that's like kind
of easy ones like medium and then one
that's gonna be like difficult and
that's gonna be the gift card so good
luck to putting the presents in Ziploc
bags if it rains and if you guys find
this present
bring the ziplock bag with you right and
only take one price you can only take
one okay yeah all right read the clue
inside the fort it's not by some stones
that get hot look all around up and down
it may or may not be on the ground oh
that one out guys let's go hide this bad
boy EEE EEE
I just wrote the next clue and where are
we putting them in the back there we're
putting all three clues in the back of
the green funny quotes book so I'll tell
you that's where you gonna go
to find the clues where could he be
we are hiding the last oops prize the
gift card so this was gonna be little
bit harder to find but I think you guys
can do it
Chipotle 25 bucks you guys if you find
it you can go get some food after you
find it yeah and you find it tweet us
pictures of you with your burrito boy
yeah man yeah here's our usernames
definitely tweet us if you get any of
these prizes we want to see right you
find a place for it
you went down the bath great Oh
the village kind of looks sad from here
it definitely looks ravaged I wonder if
he's gonna come back he heard that sound
Oh watch tower just finish the clue read
it off go to the watchtower and turn to
your right on the outskirts of the
village will be something in sight
something strange a line of sticks
perhaps behold a great stone this is the
last one perfect and by the way if any
of you find it maybe right on this piece
of paper I found it we said we were
gonna do fort mods but let me tell you
this village is gonna need some major
reconstruction don't you agree
oh yeah so I think we're gonna have to
do mods in the next episode of fort
village I know I was thinking there's
gonna be a lot here but somebody whoever
did this is now the enemy of mortgage
Deauville yeah we will not go down
without a fight
that's it I'm rebuilding this one we
have to Beauty the village can't just be
destroyed by one attack
what are you doing Andrew we're making
this a cool cavern fort now yeah so she
bought this shovel yeah dig it a little
you kind of got a wall here we've
definitely made some nice patch ups to
what was a cool little bunker and we've
turned it into I'd say the meeting house
they come in here we've as you saw
shoveled it made it nice and soft
probably could expand it a little more
but built the walls they charge more
Jase to Vail and then we declare
whatever we decided yeah the council
members it's like the Kings quarters
garbage in the village if there are
garbage there will be a severe pine yes
gotta grab our tools there's just not
much else we can do here well be back
don't worry soon and if any of you guys
want a pulp we build what it once was
help us we are going to make a new
village soon somewhere on the outskirts
somewhere not near a path an even harder
village a more secret village Eve alike
if you guys want us to do that and leave
a comment right now as well letting us
know the next village ideas because this
one like we have seen it's been very
ravaged we need to make an extra
fortified village if you have locations
leave some comments leave some ideas
we're going to use them in the next one
and we are not gonna get ravaged again
have a bag of trash because some of you
or somebody has come up here on the Left
trash if you guys are gonna come to the
floor maybe just bring an extra bag like
this so you can pick up after people
because littering you know you don't
need to do that we are on our way back
to the house it was fun even though
it was destroyed but before we said
goodbye officially wanted to let you
guys know if you aren't following us on
Instagram yet to come follow us there
it's a good time and it's the same as
our Twitter so it's just our names
thanks for always supporting us we
appreciate you guys and we'll see you
back here tomorrow yeah
