yo welcome back to vlogs hope you guys
are doing well man we have something
really funny for y'all today tell what
it is well we have never done this on
our channel before guys you all know
just as well that we love to laugh I
know you guys do as well
so we thought why don't we put together
our own laugh compilations for each
other and we have to not laugh right so
you guys probably seen try not to laugh
challenges but this ones would be a
little different because I found videos
and he found videos yeah this is gonna
be really funny to see if we can't laugh
because I know Andrew really well and he
knows me really well so it's gonna be
really hard because we know what makes
you children laugh pretty easy just a
disclaimer we're not making fun of
anybody it's just sometimes people do
funny things we do funny things exactly
so if you want to make a last
compilation out of us hey can you turn
the burner off sorry then do it
so who wants to go first rock paper
scissors
okay two out of three and winner what
gets it this side Scissors shoot Rock
Paper Scissors shoot shoot you I have to
go first yeah fine I have like a minute
30 which do you think you can not laugh
at a minute 30 I already feel kind of
laughing yes I already happen but right
now guys comment down below what the
loser has to do are we gonna like decide
how many times they laugh or just if
they laugh yeah either I don't know we
both feel like we're gonna laugh but you
guys decide what happens and who wins
yeah we got the video pulled up here you
cannot laugh here we go
it tries to drink sure I'll try some Wow
delicious what's in this honey honey
pretty good man dadgummit Kevin I miss
me I knew can't get you who's just so
surprising came out of nowhere I think
that was the one that got you the most
yeah because I was like it was like
building up to that point
yeah funny mode and then burp
man haha Lautenberg man even that makes
me laugh it's like hard not to laugh
your turn
yeah okay well whenever you're ready go
for it yeah let's get all the fun
emotions you had you were not gonna meet
me if you hate you here's guess what
MattyB can actually get here's a horror
show
hugger and plus his hairs off
and well today whether start off today
with was that Sevilla FC resistor now I
love myself
Oh
we walk we're both part of the channel
we can help provide funny videos and we
can do vlogs don't move the camera
right Joey
you know like that guy man that was a
Vegemite he was eating he's impossible
not to laugh I just we both laugh so we
both kind of lost but who laughed maybe
more or what does it be both lose and
have to do a challenge yeah guys what do
you think let us know in the comments
below and maybe we're gonna have to redo
this spend a little more time on the
videos create new videos for each other
yeah if you guys like this make sure to
let us know in the comments because it's
fun yeah we're not done yet guys and
we're not sure how long you've been
watching our channel but how many videos
do we have we have like over a thousand
videos so it's easy to get lost I'd say
yeah so we wanted to kind of go back in
the archives and find a video that we
have no idea what is going on in the
video and watch it back and react for
you guys yeah I'm just scrolling through
here and we're gonna just pick one but I
literally have no idea what this video
is about four years five years ago
that's crazy and we found a video that
is very confusing
it's titled ancient tribal burps in the
library and the thumbnail is just pure
awful no idea what's going on ancient
tribal brewery what does that even mean
hey guys so weird the library right now
and we're a little bit bored
so major decided to do ancient traveled
herbs did we do you know why we do this
to the vlog channel I guess maybe it was
a test to see if this was funny or not
and what I've no this is very not funny
people today hope you liked the video
yeah that's what ancient tribal bird
looks like almost up here almost
probably I don't even know how to do
that what that's not an ancient you just
make it up excuse me mister well I see
you later we are back at the house
really bored there's just new actors you
can record some weird sounds on so we've
recorded a bunch of weird perch so we're
gonna put it under cage door and see
what he does for those of you don't know
Kevin used to be our roommate his
channel is now called Kevin LaShawn it
used to be I sexy but informally that I
sexy are me if you don't know who he is
you have to check him out but this is
him
okay so this app you take your phone and
you can record separate audio files and
then play them all at once if you want
so that's how we like different burps
for each little thing you just hit all
the way to Z we're gonna go there it
made it to the main town center Wow
merciful here's what we have for snacks
Nutter butters huh Nutter Butter I mean
and Nutter butters Nutter Butter is the
perfect snack so I'm kind of happy I
guess and I'm glad they're making a new
restaurant I do miss this apartment
complex it was pretty cool oh yeah you
still live in Denver it had the biggest
like resort pool by a lake each like
little part of the apartment complex had
its own pool its own village tennis
courts tennis courts basketball court
out Center I was so good here
looks so good that's on the trees that's
cool
okay can't see a blessed thing out here
cooking here then goose balls screaming
I can see your face because your phone
might do just what I need you why is it
zoomed in just at all you tell a scary
story now let's say would you like
cookies yeah we're in the pool right now
and you guys like hot tubs
this is crazy cool it's a new day and
what well we didn't upload yesterday
just go to the grocery store must like
Fred and you're kind of busy yesterday
yeah sorry
hey why would we be true are we vision
oh and your heels come out and visit our
house Oh God we did with him be the most
random like a reason for something IRA
busy oh and rails yeah thought about
Monday if you guys are gonna hit that up
we got yeah so we got some really good
footage with Andrew so it should get
good video when we do upload that I
guess I will end it here hope you guys
like the vlog and I hope you guys are
having a good day
accession see you guys later
oh yeah I completely for God that's how
we used to end our videos oh man we need
to do something like that again
do you guy only the true fans any of you
guys here remember when we used to do
that in vlogs at the end with bay man
that is the end of today's you know
review and all that stuff we did that
was funny yeah so if you want to see
more videos like this one you'd like let
us know in the comments yeah let's know
your favorite part and I guess we'll see
you back here tomorrow guys peace out
