hey guys welcome back to our Channel
today's upload there's gonna be a little
bit different as you know what there is
a shooting in Las Vegas that happened
just last night if you guys saw that you
know what's going on so we wanted to
kind of address that and bring you guys
some hope and some encouragement
yeah because I think it's it's easy when
tragedy happens that it's hard to see
hope and I think it's important to know
that you need to put our hope in Jesus
I had a verse I want to share with you
guys just real quick this is Jesus
speaking to the people I and this is
John 8 verse 12 I am the light of the
world if you follow me you won't have to
walk in darkness because you will have
the light that leads to life and I think
that verse really stands out to me
because it says you won't have to walk
in darkness I feel like so many of us
and so many people in the world are
walking in darkness because you don't
have this even know about God having a
relationship with God because for me
it's so much more than just me going to
heaven it's about having this intimate
relationship with God who can help us
walk out of the darkness and walk
through the darkness through hard times
like this mm-hmm so and at church
yesterday our pastor brought up a good
point we were talking about why do we
need to love God that's a good question
and he said one of the number-one points
is that we are in a spiritual war for
the hearts and minds of people wish that
just ranks so true like this morning
when I had like look back in my notes I
was like wow that's so true and a verse
that goes along with that 2nd
Corinthians 10:3
so you can look that up if you want but
man yeah we just saw our hearts go out
to the people affected in Vegas and we
just want you to know that God is real
he loves you he's here for you to help
walk you through
if you're feeling discouraged today
there is encouragement in having a
relationship with Jesus mm-hmm there's
some nation there and it's life-changing
me and him can speak on that it's
changing lives and we want that for you
guys as well and then real quick just to
keep this video short but what we want
to do is have a time of Prayer where
everybody watching this video we can all
pray together at the same time what time
you're thinking that's 7:00 p.m. tonight
7:00 p.m. tonight let's all pray for Las
Vegas as a city let's all pray for the
families affected and because there's
power in prayer and man if all of us
come together and do that great things
are going to happen yeah so even if
you're watching this after just say a
prayer when you're done watching this
video mm-hmm but yeah we love you guys
we appreciate you watching this video
and we'll see you back here tomorrow
yep
