yeah what's up guys welcome back to more
Jace do hope you're doing well her back
with another fort why I didn't mean to
say it that loud they didn't hear me
right no I hope we have a fun idea for
today so let's just jump into it guys
we're in the soda section we have not
built a soda fort yet so we are gonna
try to do that today
this is the perfect title don't they
someone already built the walls
I actually don't like any be sodas okay
that was not my fault
mom just said she's like it's Comedy
Hour in this aisle look they just spilt
this well they said this like started
leaking so they put it back so this is
not a good spoon knows what's gonna
happen today's four
we had to get in here quick before the
police came to clean up the mess
yeah we've been back here before look
they glued walls yeah before he could
get in here but not anymore we had to
abandon the soda fort it was a sinking
ship
it was just not gonna work we thought it
would but no they they fortified the
walls they made all the improvements to
keep us out yes so I don't think they've
told you guys yet but this is actually
where the exact location we did the
24-hour challenge so we're reliving some
good memories here
dangers building up some walls in the
outside right now and this is a good
section too because it's like kind of
near like the back of the store so how
many people are coming over here so way
better than that drink section all right
Ange is Eddie in the fort folks here you
go okay I mean we need definitely need
some like carpet or something this is
hurting I got to scoot down to make more
room I just smacked my eye socket right
here Wow
won't be surprised if I get a black eye
I don't know where Justin went either
just disappeared
finally oh where have you been exploring
okay never moving these bags I was in
that Alex outside I get here oh oh man
that's a toy I found this is an employee
the reason why but this dog food area is
so good it's because it's so low to the
ground that people typically don't bend
down and look in there even if there are
like holes like in the wall like this
people will not see us unless they're
being very deliberate because it's very
spacious in here inter let's hear a big
berth let's hear a big burp to the
people in the other I'll kind of hearts
is also compacted just go out and hear
what it sounds like alright you go out
first and I'll come out a minute okay I
want to hear that burp sounds like okay
let's hear what Andrews burps sounds
like from out here okay yep so we're I
was a customer I heard that I'd be very
concerned i sir we're getting supplies
from the fort I got a couple rugs
trying to see if you guys can tell my
eye is starting to turn black is that a
sloth
okay we're in before we got our comfy
rugs down let's turn on the light
whoops well how is this beautiful yeah
this is just look sub sandwiches yes
come on I'm starving Harry look at it
guys it's a sandwich huh well so have
you heard of prank calls no okay
that may be yet I don't know why we've
never done this before doing a prank
call from inside a fort let's try a bite
I can't remember the last time we had
food like a lunch item or dinner item in
a fort that's a good point
they always bringing just chips except
without a pizza here once we're gonna
have to try and beat that sometime well
we could do more than just a pizza like
how much food would be like a five
course meal
huh not come over here it looks like
restock it's starting to begin just
trying to enjoy our lunch here's the
employee was just on the other side of
this world he said who wants to build a
fort no one else is in there I wish I
was born if he knew you were here when
he comes say something yeah that's way
it's awkward oh there's two employees in
the other side of this wall
this time isn't prank hauls Wow
also another side note I smacked my eye
again on this thing at the top so I
don't know what's going on so one of you
left this comment saying that we should
prank the store that were in we are
going to do that good idea we're gonna
ask him about a question about that dog
food over there and see if they come and
look at it hi um I was just wondering if
you guys had the old Roy bacon flavored
dog food and if so how much protein was
in that oh yes hi I was just wondering
if you guys carry the old Roy bacon
flavored dog food and how much protein
that has it's right in front of us to
the food it's just a dog food bag for my
dog's birthday yeah yeah that's his
favorite birthday snack okay thank you
he's is that him
ah perfect that that's just what I
needed to hear cuz yeah we're gonna have
a birthday party whoo I may have to come
in and buy all of them because like I
said we're having a birthday party
that's correct
perfect innocence you picked out the bag
you can come to the birthday party if
you want okay okay thank you for
checking yeah that would be perfect I
have a great night wow man that is so
good because we saw him checking he did
there's two bags two bags
four of the other one he counted the
bags two prices Wow
and he's doing a prank call now I'm
gonna call a different Walmart that were
not and then ask them if it's okay if my
son builds a fort in the dog food aisle
cuz we're already there already doing it
yeah hi I just had a quick question for
you guys I'm currently in the dog food
aisle with my son Leroy and I was just
wondering if it's okay if we build a
fort can you hear me because he's
actually doing you know he's actually
doing it right now I mean he's already
got his couch set up his playstation
it's all in the dog food aisle like in
the rafters is that okay
I don't wanna be doing no funky business
huh
I'm asking you I'm just asking you like
here you know this is like the prank
call challenge
you did try and like prank call while
having this like not get caught
yeah that was intense I do one more yep
yeah I just had a quick question I am
currently in your dog food aisle
building a fort and just want to make
sure that was okay building a fort yeah
is that okay with you guys we can be
searching the duct probably for this man
I'm building a fort in the dog food
rafters and just want to make sure that
was okay with you guys yeah I already
built it I'm already in it I was just
double-checking I bet you they're going
to the dog food aisle oh crap we better
get out of here quickly that wasn't this
storm we have to make a safe escape this
time guys to make a successful for
employee walk by I'm gonna look in that
way the whole time though okay
get help entrance well guys that was a
successful fort we made it out alive
didn't get caught oh yeah we want to do
a prank call center fort you like that
idea
dude that would be so insane we have to
do it we shall but thanks for watching
as always leave like if you're enjoying
the fort friday series yeah leave a
comment you know something cool and
we'll see you back here another time
