well howdy everybody welcome back to
Fort Friday man I love forts man it's
been a little bit since we did a for
Friday what's been going on my beards
done
yeah I'm just I don't like that you guys
saw yesterday we dyed his beard blue but
now it's and so my skin is still dyed
blue so man okay so some forts are
easier to make than others
some locations are harder to film in
than others
mm-hmm so what's that mean that means
today we're at a location there's a
little bit harder to maneuver and
filming so we got to be extra sneaky
this is gonna be a challenge so let's go
inside and not get caught Wow new pans
no that's here i casual you just touch
things and pick them up back yes I this
is a product I want for my wife mm-hmm
this mmm just walk casual nope that's
causing a scene they say he's making a
fort now that you're a pear right now
I'm gonna be a parent soon like since
we're in the baby section in the
stroller section all right it's not
weird anymore so four in there Mike I'm
just trying to pick one out that I
wanted soon guys even like if you want
us to do a four with baby first ever
baby four there's gonna be a couple
months but if you want to see that that
would be hilarious it's the diaper
section we've we've done force in the
diaper section before it have gone
pretty well so just kind of checking out
this area not bad on the supplies
Cynthia's out here
there's also the stroller section that
you find dangerous you did the ceiling
oh just go for it man
come on out time to go okay
all right well let's have you go build
forts here okay yeah we tried to be too
disturbing but we want to be respectful
Oh see you guys what do we want to get
far
that was like five minutes I see it
remember when I said the camera she even
said she's like we were watching you
guys in the camera the whole time they
have somebody dedicated watching cameras
for fort builders
we're currently driving to a new
location so we can finish this sport
again we won't
we made it to the next door now we're on
the move looking for the next location
oh here's some danger go take a leak
that's a peek I mean yeah look how's the
weather in there you can come in - maybe
if you want huh that is an employee yeah
it's kind of open on this high but I
doubt anybody would see you
it's cozy in here you want to come in
what well you go in this that's funny
guys there is a power chord if there's a
plug somewhere that would be fun
maybe look this way two different forts
this door also I somebody walks by thank
you easily maybe see me but they're also
gonna be employees down there they were
just talking like who's that can you
spot me I need to go up on the water
we're right here
oh yeah I could scare somebody just go
there's a customer has to come by if
he's so great sir shut the door shut the
doors the employees are going up that
ladder to get stuff so I've never seen
the spot in the store before blade bomb
behind this there's another wall but
there's an in-between section yeah well
if you can really see trying you have to
crawl through that in there weed you
through the pipes don't even know full
fit but I think it's worth a try cuz
that zone is very secure you can get
back here I can like this right the
coast is clear
go go go
hurry hurry
he literally got in just in time somehow
okay I was able to close the doors you
guys they can see out the this is what
I'm talking about boys and I don't know
if I can get in there though okay he's
gonna have to try my hardest big tube it
wasn't here I could get in easily
I love the door here yeah now that's a
tight fit but it does work obviously
this is you lost Wonderland I know of
dust yeah there's so much thank you
no one's ever cleaned no one's ever you
could probably just an awesome control
since I told you you can make oh maybe
an outlet down there that I want to
explore dude there's an outlet right
here no way yeah right by the light -
but jeepers we need that could room in
here
I'm gonna write our channel I wish these
drawers
you can think push out there's four
outlets guys if you liked this video
leave a comment we should bring the
PlayStation we set up like some lights
and a disco ball fight friends over
if I drop something we're gonna drop
something by her and see what happens
the bolt didn't do anything
the lady left but it was worth a try
yeah for a funny prank somebody just
made you something that's our uh
whatever was right there I was blocking
in iMovie oh let's go investigate
now we can just roll out tight fit wad
Oh mate hi may I take your service when
you stand back a little bit it's so
obvious dangers under there yeah you
dusty when you go to stores new
adventures await you around every corner
look what we found
another sound Wow so this is a cool one
it's not bad
see like you that's recited and I go
over here on my side yeah that's pretty
pretty fun yeah
that force pretty cool but still we love
this fort because we want to be able to
prank one of the customers when they
walk by the drawer gross winks I love it
I would just finish her fort by the size
of sandwiches tendrich back home safe
and sound
pretty successful hope you guys like
this for it leave like half successful
guys if you didn't know we have a gaming
channel which we're doing a livestream
we're doing some giveaways cuz we just
hit a hundred thousand subscribers so
come on over or subscribe and yeah the
link is in the description so if you
want to just after this video click it
take you straight to it and you can join
us and have a good time
oh yeah but anyways thanks for watching
see you back here next time goodbye
might have a good day and bye
