yeah hi everybody welcome back to more
Jase - jeepers do we have a funny vlog
today Andrew want to tell about it
well one thing we like to do is prank
call
we haven't done that in so long so let's
get into it
if you guys have seen our prank calls
before more just do prank calls we have
this new style so we've done it twice
we've got this one and then the one down
here now a new way to prank call very
funny you guys may remember how that
goes but for those of you who haven't
seen those videos the best way to
explain it is I'll just show you an
example yeah so we record our
conversation on phone one well bye hey
man so you need a roommate on Craigslist
and we do a whole conversation and then
Justin's on the other phone he'll call
up the number and then when they answer
all we have to do is hit play and just
let the mayhem commence yeah we don't
know what the other people on the line
are gonna say so we're kind of just
guessing when we're recording so yeah
Andrew and I have found a few things
here on Craigslist a few ads we're gonna
call so let's get started I'm going to
start I found this ad here that says
stablehands for large chicken coops I am
this character that Miss reads the whole
ad I'm gonna say it's stablehands for
large chicken poops and they're looking
for a guy I think they're looking for a
guy who needs to pick up all the chicken
poop see here's the ad needs stable
hands for 200 chickens must have
experiences they're paying $10 an hour
so so now I gotta think about what I'm
gonna say I got on my on our phone we
have the voice recording app or not on
the phone but yeah hi I'm call about
your Craigslist ad see now what do you
think they're gonna say oh yeah that ad
what about it
yeah so I saw that you're looking for
some stable hands for a large chicken
poops I wasn't kind of wanting to get
the details as to what you will refer to
because okay now hoping that they answer
because sometimes they don't
well they didn't answer but chickens get
the details as to because you have
chickens chickens because I'm so glad
that worked out cuz I'm doing are
recorded for here's the ad she's I think
we have four chickens for sale
that's their ad yeah fortune like oh
yeah we don't need anybody you have 200
chickens okay
it is dangerous turn Andrew what is your
first one okay so I found this TV with a
built-in VCR but I'm gonna say that this
TV I'm gonna ask questions about the
built-in microwave instead of the VCR
and see how confused this person is well
I do have one question about this Myka
how many frozen pizzas okay I do
apologize I don't have my glasses on but
you're saying this is a VCR how does
that cook these mini pizzas from Costco
what you're good yeah
wait so apparently they have a microwave
for sale yes just got confused
I know what you're talking about
so what's this ad check it out this here
are the pictures it's a craftsman
snowblower but my thing I think it's a
car I'm buying it for my son for this
winter because I'm trying to get my son
a new car the school year and because
it's not soon I see yours has winterized
engine can you tell me a little bit 80s
model it's a I see it says 3.5 HP I want
to make sure this doesn't go above 20
miles an hour because my son tends to
street race whenever he gets a chance
can you confirm or deny this sir don't
you back hit me I'm just looking to make
a good deal for my son I don't any funny
business
I just need what it is straight up sir
please fix the ad if I see there's 20
miles an hour I thought that was a
giveaway that I'm talking about a car
this is a snowblower
yeah that engine might not be able to go
that fast now one question it
put that in there before you so that's
what I'm calling you about to see if I
could combine dardo we're gonna call
this one and continue the conversation
now where we left off a bedroom okay
before I can jump in the backyard in the
hot tub well jeepers I'm sorry I'm just
trying to give my son the best birthday
party he ever had and that's why I think
in the hot tub would be a great addition
say can I do some a carpet I do it Paul
I'm gonna have to call you back
can you just put up my hole for me so I
can come by maybe I bring the hot tub by
you meet you just see if it fits okay
yeah bye bye what worked out so well
confused what do you talk about but just
enough reason that he understood was
going on yeah he was like maybe this
guy's serious but yeah you have large
quantities of these correct
look I'm gonna go in the house and I'm
gonna show you what it looks like
through that guy's mind your bees and
pest control always works yeah that's
true
ah good gravy that was for a new one now
is the room still available this is
gonna be a good one roommates it was so
funny first up what sort of what's the
word all vacations would you say a
roommate would have okay another
question do I get my own bed or do I
sleep with you because I do prefer my
own bed if we're being honest yeah
you'll probably want to know a few facts
about me before I move in
I guess first things first my mom is
making me move out because I graduated
high school about eight years ago okay
sorry
I graduated high school eight years ago
one of my passions is collecting
earthworms so I do have a worm farm I
hope that's not a problem with you guys
it's really fun to just kind of release
them throughout the house like during
midnight so I'm glad that's not a
problem this is the main reason my mom
is making me move out is I suffer from
this rare disease it's kind of like
night terrors but it's called night
slaps but basic artists of this disease
is kind of like sleepwalking in the
middle of at night but instead of doing
rain next up I go into other people's
rooms and just slap them so you need to
be aware just let me know if this is a
problem or not all great I guess I'll
bring the works by tonight to see if
they like the place and you'll be
hearing from me later thanks bye okay
that went from zero to earthworms real
quick well we had a good life today I
hope this gave you a good laugh because
as you guys know laughter is so
important and it was just a fun one for
us too I wish we would do this more
often we should yeah leave a like if you
enjoyed it but comment down below if we
should do more prank calls yeah and let
us know which one was your favorite from
this series yeah vote all right we'll
see you guys later
