previously on AMC's found our campsite
tax our Ridge fire going awesome
okay so we haven't seen your guys's you
guys fort you base so this is the
entrance really I just I don't have that
much anticipation I'm not expecting much
why that's just follow the trail you
don't know where your own Hut is what
are you expecting to see I think we're
already here we have found their Hut
what do we have here folks you got your
fire here with some lunch and this is
where you both are sleeping in is this
the blanket or that's a picnic table
cover
we got shower curtain here Wow very cozy
we're in expecting now were you going
big boy
alright let's go in here
you didn't take your shoes off oh I'm
expecting many bugs tonight in this Hut
oh really well now that we've seen the
other fellas campsite we are back making
some more improvements to ours so why
don't you tell them about that sheet
right there let's the heat in what keeps
the smoke away it'll keep the heat in
and once you can get out we're gonna put
some more green up here warm during 30
degrees tonight this fire is smoking
like a maniac
oh it's getting close to five o'clock
we've made some serious improvements on
the fortress so nice but we're getting
ready to get dinner prepared and what
are you doing opening this can with the
rock we can open it up we will have our
knives but we don't have a can opener
this is coming in serious handy look 100
teabags in here I feel like I'm in a
Chinese restaurant yes it's time to
finish our bed we started a little bit
see we got a bunch of grass and we're
gonna make it so comfy you guys gonna be
so jealous bringing one last addition to
the fourth and you guess what it is
and ER before I reveal you're hunched
over what are you doing door yes I never
made this before so and it's gonna be
functional we can pulp it and close it
that's gonna keep us safe from bears and
mountain lions and Justin and Randy
excited to sleep in this thing we've
spent so many hours working on it
door is complete see how it looks
no shadow we have to go to dinner at
their camp yeah okay so we invited some
special guests over to have some dinner
with us aka Andrew & tich they're
bringing their dinner and we're gonna
see what they got and then we're gonna
cook their dinner and just hang out
they're just arriving fellas great to
see you guys
Wow first impressions fellas excuse what
I don't know if you come over around
here okay you got a look at the detail
the detail so check it we have two posts
that are basically nailed into the
ground that are holding up this wall and
this since wind's blowing this way zero
wind we made a you know makeshift roof
okay a lot of these flower petals doing
the dead flower petals over leaves so
what this is the entrance yep you're
crawling yeah we went into a field and
those bags are filled with soft grass
for pillow vibes you know sounds like I
already did that to be honest we didn't
see it in your fort that's because our
bed wasn't done yet wow I love like all
the sticks it's really comfy yeah okay
are you afraid of ashes burning holes in
this no zero okay
I have a spot so we have put two cans of
chili and you pull I put a rock there
what do you guys have on the menu
spaghetti Oh videos I've been craving
this all day Miku I know dinner best
meal of the day and how do you expect
you're gonna grab that out of there
young man what a stick did my other one
Nick ran into his first dilemma how is
she gonna get can out Oh is he gonna do
it is it is it gonna spill Wow
round of applause mm-hmm I just ate a
row table and get the oils so this is
the saltines challenge weights that eat
ten saltines in a minute and thirty
seconds that go
this challenge I'm ready Carolyn
Stephanie's up mmm okay eat five in 15
seconds remember kids never quit
oh yeah well it has come time for the
fellas to go back to their headquarters
to try and stay warm and don't freeze to
death I hope your your tarp doesn't burn
down because it's looking like there's
holes in it
fine no air conditioning yeah it's so
hot over here I just can't even stand it
all right enjoy
the bye fellas xie
okay so we got a fire going fires are a
lot harder to make in the dark I have my
weapon me that enough bears and mountain
lions yes where's mine okay
Spears it's kind of scary out here I
mean it's cool we were in and a spot was
a lot of trees but now it's like pitch
dark you can't see anything it's yeah
feels so much later but also this is
when the real challenge starts because
we have to sleep all night in our force
we made it so we're just warming up by
the fire right now
not gonna lie we may actually come out
here tonight and just lay on the floor
with a fire going but I'm hoping our
four is pretty warm which I think it
will be one thing we didn't show you
guys it was our team beanies so their
fleece lined we got them at the dollar
store and my goodness it's time to get
in to the bed and see what this is like
at night as you can see wow we got some
nice ambience lights in here because of
the fire oh wow
special hint I have two hoodies on I
have this hoodie on that's I put on
backwards so when I sleep you put this
on like this
so it covers your face and then this one
goes over and you have like a very warm
space to sleep it can't even it's
getting real dark so you can barely see
look you'll see you you see me yeah this
thing's on my head
as yeah we got the bag it's actually not
bad
yeah there's been a few holes being
poked in it but it just lets in some
extra hot air
how's it feeling there it looks nice
yeah oh hey we're going in my spear for
the bad guys okay I'm pretty warm right
now changes this is my body pillow I
made out of Chris so you can like and
Ike hold it close to you it if you get
cold so I got all raisins all raisins
perfect bedtime snack I know you guys
can't see this but we're looking up and
we can see stars through our Ford vote
who you think did a better job on their
fort leave a comment below
yeah well it's pitch dark out here in
the woods we'll give you an update if
there's an update good night and good
luck
highs in syke930 now and it's getting
really cold tried to fall asleep but
couldn't you yeah I fell asleep for like
a second and then I woke up and I was
freezing it's only 9:30 I just I wish I
had more layers for my bottom half so my
top half is pretty actually it's not
that warm just kidding cripes
what are you doing right now Lay's cold
so I'm putting my extra pair of
underwear around my ankles desperate
times call for desperate measures
yes sir our fort is great but we realize
like yeah big hole up there so heat
rises and it just escapes there we were
thinking there was some way that we
could go build another fire and then
bring the warm rocks in here without
burning the whole thing down that'd be
great bust
guys it's too cold 30
oh my team is surrendering we give up we
don't care we lost we hopefully won in
your eyes comment below if you voted for
us thank you we're sorry we disappointed
you but we're frozen it's like 30
degrees out and we're in this all I have
is extra undies on my ankles guys team
hacks our Ridge we surrender we're out
warm we took apart the fort like the
plastic stuff and we're heading back to
the ATV now in the dark is it midnight
yet 11:40 they froze guys
where are you they even put rocks on a
fire I bet you we left and they went
home we've been out here by ourselves
this whole time we didn't surrender we
won yeah we did surrender that's it
we're going home this is just ridiculous
to find our way back home at all by
ourselves that's why they then answer
the radio as their their home and their
beds sleeping like no princesses
this morning now and we didn't tell you
guys about this product that we bought
because we were gonna use it last night
but when you didn't get a chance
goofy string also known as silly string
so we were gonna prank Randy and Justin
last night but as he no you know they
weren't at their campsite we have to use
this somehow someway prank yeah well
that's the end of the challenge this was
so fun to make holy cow leave a like and
we want to see you guys leave some
comments of what the next challenge
should be yeah I like that
haha back off but like always we'll see
you guys back here tomorrow have a great
rest of your day and you peace out and
