yeah hi and welcome back to more Jase -
we are so excited for today's episode
guys this has been a long time plan that
is finally happening today it is a new
idea new concept we haven't seen before
we haven't done before I think we talked
about this like last summer did we yeah
and we're here with these guys let's
check out the rest of the team all right
Nick here father-in-law Randy
overall this is going to be the $10.00
survival challenge yeah why don't you
guys give a brief overview of what this
is all about so each of us got ten
dollars to spend at the dollar store
Andrew and I are partners and Justin and
Randy are partners so each one of us had
ten dollars to spend on survival
supplies food shelter fire making things
yep the only thing we got provider were
our clothes
yep and everything else we have to buy
then we're up here in the wilderness
off-grid so what we're gonna do is we're
gonna drive to what some location in the
woods who's in 115 and we're gonna have
to just survive right now it's about
7:00 a.m. we got the ATVs out there the
goal here is to survive yes right so
what we're trying to say is you guys
will not survive we'll see about that
yeah yeah we got our gear on lots of
layers so alright let's get this thing
started
what do we need so they have the rope
rope that could come in handy so there
are several things we need but it's the
dollar store so it's like oh yes I
didn't even know the dollars from I had
this sort of this is perfect the biggest
water we're starting it off this is our
basket that's all we're getting which
we're saving the money just like our
tarp basically its string it up yeah
protect us from the elements Nick hey
this is the section that's gonna keep us
alive like literally counting up how
much we have see we can keep going or if
we're done
what are they doing
hey Randy just spotted this drop cloth
don't know if the guy saw it nine foot
by 12 perfect our roof sorry papa
how come he's going there shower water
table cleaner to get food we get some
food badges or something it's really
hard for me because I don't need
anything dairy like any cheese and milk
a lot of this stuff has dairy in it
but we found this means did you guys
need some food crackers get out of here
boy we are buying our stuff now hello
before 6 a.m. they're talking about
creating the central true space of like
a space of bartering and we don't need
to barter yeah I think we need exactly I
think they're the ones that want to get
in on the goods we bought you don't want
to barter that's fine then we'll take it
little bartering that's fine steaks and
Spears yeah we also got the drone as
well
vehicle DUP put the stuff back here so
we each are going to follow each other
we have ATVs here's their ride we're
gonna be real cozy are you prepared for
this Nick I am yeah I think
it's funny at the at the dollar store oh
we got this cuz I'm so curious we don't
know what they bought we know what we
got I think we got it made but hey and
as you're watching this keep in mind
like who you think is the winner is like
who did a better job and their supplies
their shelter they're just surviving
yeah so we're going to look at the
comments after you know this is all said
and done and see who really would so got
the test walkie talkies guys can you
hear us
out the way
so we're midway through the track do you
think I hope so yeah my eyes are getting
blasted by the dust at all so much time
okay
yes okay we have officially found our
campsite
let's run off the path here the fellows
have just went down there but we got
plenty of wood here lots of trees I
think we're gonna start setting up camp
do we have found a spot we've may want
to establish want to take a look there's
a lot of cool trees over here we found
our spot yes what makes it so good
because there's this like bundle of
trees you can build around and with the
supplies we got which we haven't shown
you yet they will work perfect plus we
also notice the wind was blowing a
certain direction and there's this big
hill here which is blocking it so smart
yeah
so what do you think the first thing we
need to do here is first thing you do is
get a fire at least get a fire going
that way we can kind of decide we want
to put our our shelter so we're gonna
get a nice high ring because it's pretty
windy yeah I'm gonna put the rocks right
there as we've been doing so we just
need a few more big guys because we got
to make sure we keep it contained of
course
so while Randy is working on
getting things set up up there I'm
taking the vehicle and filling it with
rocks so we can just around the fire pit
with it looking for some big ones like
this guy alright that you do let's check
in with the fellas we have to figure out
what their team name is fellas have you
found camp how's it looking you just
caught a rabbit and we are now cooking
it for the lunch also you guys need to
establish what your team name is I did
see a huge rabbit it just ran over there
as I go home
that's our Ridge no we get to name them
no we're choosing a name for you and
then you choose one for us obviously the
first thing we want to do is set up our
shelter but first we're going to show
you our supplies and everything we got
it's the most important when camping in
the woods yes we have two of these to
protect us if it gets wet peanuts
spoons you want to see our main course
yes means yes and it was really
important to show them the top yeah cuz
it's like if we didn't get the ones with
the pull tabs we would have had to
invest one of her items into a can
opener which that's pointless also
spaghetti huh most important slaughter
hydrogen more shelter oh this is very
important fire making this was a clutch
move I don't know if the other team
thought of this we grabbed all the ads
basically making fires just forever
yes so you got all that taken care of
fossil trail mix oh wait you have the
rope right oh okay good getting work on
our shelter five minutes in and great
already bleeding
you gonna build it up this way little
fire pit here and be very very warm so
we got all our stuff played out this is
about $20 we're gonna looks like all so
we conveniently found these pallets
which wow we're using what we got out in
the woods that's the rule here here's
one of our dollar store products with
our matches so we got the knife open got
a little cheese usually got so far
so we're building a wall right here
because the wind is coming from this way
so detect the fire build an area where
we could sleep
yo check it out this is our shower
curtain that we thought was different
this see like this is what it looks like
I'm like dude top yeah but no we're
gonna put this on the other side well
it's coming along I love it so what's
the idea here
okay so we're gonna build a little bit
of a a wall support so we can take our
wall up ah and so let's get something
else we can bang that in favre looking
good
yep how's the easiest partner yes yep
look at all this perfect wood that's
right that just the forest has
everything you need all this wood that
we could easily use to make wall and
 walls and shelter oh yes our house
is basically done I made this all the
way around yeah hold on the other side
check it out a pretty good fort you come
in here and they've got like insulation
walls
oh man in the ground so comfy and then
they stab my back on a stick
it's time for a snack oh we got dry
roasted salted peanuts okay yes calories
that's what you need
we based basically all of our food
shopping off of calories mm-hmm
yeah the more calories that you burn we
pick the stuff in the most calories and
this has 160 calories per serving next
up on the survival menu we need to get a
fire ring going so we can make some fire
yes and survive so this is kind of our
area we're thinking but there's not
really any rocks around here so I got
you know to my throat you talk there's
not really any rocks anywhere close to
here so we're gonna go back on the ATV
and there were some rocks in the trail
so we're trying to insulate the wall as
well found a fallen tree here with the
pine still attached and not dead this
stuff makes for perfect insulation so
I'm just using the knife we got
and cutting the little branches off
making a pile
check out our wall shield putting these
in between as well like to block the
wind so we're having our first meal of
the day
nature valley crunchy bar sponsored by
nature going whoa
and then Randy's been working on the
wall over here it's gonna be the best
little port once you're finished plus I
just love our area with all the aspen
trees it's the best in this one this is
quite a precarious situation coming down
this hill these rocks hold the brake
this might be a challenge we move it
we're gonna strike okay
happy
yeah what are we doing now Oh make a bit
shoulder
so footboard and headboard so we're off
the ground so then what we'll do is
we'll put some greens on top of it and
then some little branches and make this
a little bit of a spongy bed firing set
up and we don't really have any place to
sit so we need to fix that and we have
this big log here that's impossible to
move but Nick they'll have a good idea
we have a winch on this thing joint yes
so pull it out and then we'll put it in
position and boom we have a good bench
that was almost a good idea stick is way
too big man that would've been so fun
okay we're making some cool progress
Randy took the ATV and he's looking for
soft bedding and I'm building the
exterior wall to our fortress it's
looking pretty sweet it is time for
lunch and so one of the things we bought
was this bull and we put water in it so
we're boiling the water and then once
that boils we got these bad boys instant
lunch or some ramen working with what we
got here
there we go just like that quick snack
we're missing a key ingredients yes beef
jerky because this has no meat in it so
yeah they're cut that dog up in there
yes whoa
the first layer of bedding is installed
okay sleep here
yeah it's all about the layers that's
why I was I have I have different
clothes on oh yeah
you got a layer up which we got to do
with our bedding too yes time to bust
out the lighters
does that look good guys yeah working
routines hundred years Wow oh nice throw
thank you look the perfect tool to get
it out yes we actually had an oven mitt
in our basket but we were over budget so
that was one of the items we
huh boy oh boy does that look good
hmm hey fry Billy warm the other team
wants to meet up
where are you while we're waiting for
the big dorks to get down to the meadow
we have been cutting off a ton of this
grass is so soft we're gonna use it as
bedding I bet the guys didn't think of
that idea and now we're surrounded by
Aspen's
is so beautiful
serious update Nick fell down and ripped
a hole in his pants okay
Andrew Nick and I are exploring and we
came across a literal historic home
check it out so this is to be at a
basement fizzes very early 1900s or late
1800s it's like remember playing with me
Incan logs yeah so get to this side yeah
I'm trying to figure out what each of
these parts of the house were yeah cuz
they got this table you can get over to
the other side this way yeah it shows a
bunch of bushes over right here this
isn't the actual home look we found a
snake dead Dada Dada Dada Dada
Carrie conquering my snake peers yeah
well mainly because I have shoes on this
time I don't know if I want to touch it
because I don't have anything to wash my
hands here is the main house
let's take a look I think a lot of the
cows hang out in here as well here yeah
it's like super cold and if yeah you're
a cow wouldn't you want to hang in here
and out of the Sun let's see me poop
though yeah this house sounds like it's
gonna fall down any moment no there's
the upstairs but it got I need look at
this guy's de Johnson 1944 I'm sure some
of these other things
okay guys this is the end of part 1 but
the challenge part 2 is coming tomorrow
and you're not gonna want to miss it
because that's when the real challenge
starts oh yeah so leave a like if you're
excited and don't forget to subscribe
and hit the bell yeah because you want
to be notified on part 2 comes out so do
that it's gonna be crazy
see you tomorrow good bye
