yeah everybody walk up back to more Jase
- who's ready for vlogs I am sweet yeah
don't do that sorry anyways we're here
it why we just go ahead okay just go end
okay
Wow I can still see you dude I thought
it was bigger than that yeah let's get
out of here if you can make a fort make
that the wall no one can ever see you
good no one's buying it I'm proud let me
just say justin is desperate for
something he is so desperate I'm not
kidding
is it here folks with the bonus no way
what bonus scene dude guys it's so good
yeah Wonder Woman very good especially
since DC made it which are not known for
making good superhero movies recently so
yeah finally something good so if you
guys haven't seen it this is probably
one of my top favorite movies of all
time or yes or at least in the superhero
category okay
yeah superhero for sure guys Captain
Underpants is out you can get this gyro
edition we we had these on the red
carpet you can join the club
ah Andrew what don't you want to be
voice actors and the Kevin Underpants
the next one maybe they would be
interested in that yeah they should be
because we could do that being serious
if any of the casting directors are
watching this will be in the video he's
trying to say that you guys can hire us
as part-time employees for the movies
yeah they have any new Funko's look like
it I only have one character from Wonder
Woman hit bottom
sorry that's not even a cool one to pull
Potamus we bought all the rares
might need this don't know why okay I
gotta find someone to spray with these
okay boy I know exactly who we're gonna
spray you do mm-hmm okay let's go okay
you can do an unboxing as we drive all
right if you wanted
I took the plastic off let's see if
there's a special present it's like a
gold disc what how rare that is very
kind of cool yes what's your favorite
color blue mine's green yeah okay so we
are here at our friend Max house he's
been in our vlogs before you guys will
probably recognize him he makes YouTube
videos as well and what'd he call you he
said he's doing something epic today
he's doing something epic on his
trampoline today yeah yeah he called me
so we gonna come over there see what's
up we have these is gonna be a funny
prank have some fun so let's go in blast
him when he's walking hide your
canisters he wants yeah they're out
hello we always have to blow exception
right it's crazy
look yeah you got to show us what's
happening I mean what did you do okay
just keep going okay I check out to the
left
we fill up a trampoline with teddy bears
how many exactly 10 that's so fun what's
just pulling out he how big he is
practically your size this guy yeah Wow
yeah we came over here last time we
actually jumped off the deck what did
you have like many toilet paper rolls
here lost tofu yeah no this is like / -
or part four for him I don't know what
else he's done a hard feeling probably
okay Andrew what are you doing I'm gonna
jump off into the teddy bear
let's get thumbnail but this will sit as
good for the environment four three two
one pair joint man this is I so comfy ah
dude this feels like my bed mmm
okay we're ready I know doesn't it feel
like your bed yes I can't tell what
teddy bear and what Justin where's
Justin it's like a new Where's Waldo
book game thing Oh
stack them as high as you can just when
you thought this couldn't get any more
epic duh
- this is next level because your job
oh yes you have to joke like kind of
highest do anything rest of all do you
own sick I'm making this safe for the
matches toes
mom I gotta call you back
are you okay Matt you young man
get inside you're grounded beat this
shares what is that pile Oh bears TM
somebody who's gonna jump to one he's a
master double front
you guys see that instant replay he
almost hit his head are you okay oh you
guys saw the replay his head almost got
blasted off by the reeling I don't know
how to get up here I don't know just of
land thanks guys
otherwise just so fun to just jump on
here can do flips and stuff and it never
hurts whoa I almost did a double
that was a swan dinette bye friends yeah
we're peace now til next time huh run
hey Kevin say hi to the guys Kevin isn't
he getting big yeah
look how big he is nearly his heads
getting bigger whoa you're still a
little guy oh look away guess what the
new prank is up we haven't even told you
guys about oh yeah go ahead and tell me
if you guys watched last week's prank we
did the megaphone whispering and then a
lot of people were like hey you should
do a loud eating I'm like whoa that's a
good idea so we did that
yeah and man it was so funny this is
like would you say one of the funniest
things yeah I'd say it's definitely up
there it's just over the top and a lot
of you come up to us and tell us your
favorite videos loud eating so we just
tried to step it up so I think this
might be your new favorite prank I'm
just saying
go watch it link in the description
right you guys aren't even prepared for
the next vlog that's coming out
we have subtly talked about it before so
hey head over to our snapchats we might
give away hints Oh
subscribe to my channel too if you want
