yeah hi and welcome back to more J's
food for another fourth Friday yes siree
today is gonna be fun because today's
episode is sponsored by this new mobile
game called lineage to revolution which
you can play on your iPhone in Android
so there's no reason isn't a hot
download hey let's go in and we got to
build this fortune so we can play this
game and show you guys what's up so
what's I hurry this store is so big so
there's gonna be so many Ford
opportunities
I feel like there's got to be a way to
get like in here or behind this these
are all oh really oh how do you get in
there does it work if you pull it using
muscles not working
wow this is a cool fort that they
already made for us can you get in there
someone's coming by the way
Jeremy we found that cool spot right
over there but it's just like high
traffic I don't know if we'll be able to
do that one yeah there's not a lot of
people maybe over here just take a look
real quick this one's got white this
Shore just has like endless rafters
though it's so fun we built a fort here
one time in this area but no this gonna
work this time around there's too many
products in the wrong spots it's never
really gonna be the same because the
store is constantly moving products or
moving sections yeah and they're always
updating so there's got to be a new
section it's like whoa huh so we went
and checked out this one spot that we
got caught in it's just like the world's
best for it and are you are we gonna try
and do that one or good I know a big
opening we can just find like a rogue
piece of cardboard of the sorts that
would be great thanks I am in this area
checking it out it looks like it we
could easily move some of this these big
boxes I'm sitting on and put them right
here to block the wall cameras I want to
see how heavy these big boys are
okay
I think you can come in now okay there
we go we've built the outside walls put
up a huge wall here there's a secret
entrance she's gonna be sick guys ikura
to see it we're gonna make out two
stories and then we'll decorate it like
rugs chairs plenty of space in here I
was telling we could make it two stories
easily oh yeah
we have made a tiny little entrance this
is gonna be the official only way to get
in and out so Andrew made it he's on the
outside now what are you doing cardboard
oh yes cardboard is key and we're gonna
try and make some tunnels in here and
stuff Oh guys this is gonna be so sick
we should got to spend a little time
leave organizing some stuff employees
right here
I don't know what he's doing let's take
a look 15 M throughout the I was just
moving stuff I took higher ground guys
it's not safe down there you stay put
boy
a few minutes later he's back uh-oh
she's still thinking us your cardboard
wall here and say um take the wall he's
distracted
look what we just made it's a sweet
tunnel entrance see in climbing through
here and it's epic huh how's it looking
over there okay
the longer we stay here guys the more
upgrades just built another wall this is
that's the original floor we've made a
tunnel all the way over here so once we
get decorations will give you a feel to
it obviously so this is definitely one
of the best force you even have a roof
in comfort now okay I think are we gonna
put like rugs up here yeah in here
Oh first persons a lot harder
oh those Oh God
those are way too big okay we're setting
up her beds dude this is like a
nightstand if you got the beds and we
got our figure this guy's falling we're
trying to get him to look like he's
falling we got some decorations here
there you go you put our phones are here
for sleeping with our beds
yeah
that was a close one
we're getting in our beds now
give your phone because here's your
nightstand you can put your phone right
here okay
just like charge it yeah okay beverages
as well if you get thirsty at night and
then there's downstairs if it gets too
like hot up here see the rest of the
house yeah let's give you a tour what
the we're setting up the spy cam whoa
haha so we can always keep an eye
riki keep it on 24/7 as well
surveillance surveillance is always on
top here's where you'll come in vain
anyways continue you know picture this
like end table with a nice plant carpet
is really nice yeah super soft and then
we'll take you out in the backyard I
lead the way so this is like the patio
because it's got like the roof and kids
it rains the astroturf as you can see
very nice so it's super secure no bad
guys are getting in here so if anybody
comes we usually hide out in this room
this is a security safety room right and
then you come in this way yeah keep
coming this way we have another just
like fun zone over here games or
something super huge for welcome to the
gaming studio
start to play so exciting the places in
so many sorry I've been playing a little
bit here's the character we created the
more Jayce do army and we have two right
now that we've been working with it's
just grilled cheese and this is more
just to army it was placed grilled
twenty logins rewards anyways so this is
it's super easy controls obviously I'm
surrounded by many spiders shoot that
man oh yeah Wow but I don't know if you
guys play um MMORPG games but usually
those type of games are on PC this one
has been brought over to mobile because
the linen lineage series is actually on
PC so but the graphics are just insane
it's got the Unreal Engine right yeah ah
man it's just so epic what I've been
learning to about this game is its open
world PvP as well so you can join up
with your friends create little like go
into battles together and verse like all
the bad villains like giant spiders
watch out oh and also you have like
these power-ups on the side here yeah so
like super attacks like Mia my eggs in
this so here's the daily dungeon let's
enter it oh crap
jeez this monsters very mean but we're
gonna try and destroy him all by
ourselves
I just did a shoot the punch on him well
keep going I can't move
oh he killed them man and I killed him
just like that it said that dungeon was
easy as well so oh okay that makes sense
I thought there's so much in this game
that we would never be able to show you
learning much there's so many different
dungeons and there's clans so if like me
and Andrew want to go into battles
together we can fill this is my
character oh so I can add on like
different stuff I'll show you my bag
full so that's my character right now I
can add on its equip this to give him a
different look so obviously we can't we
tell the graphics from the camera so
let's just jump into some gameplay
good to see you a camera that we're
filming on right now doesn't do it
justice I hope you guys got to see what
the graphics look like but anyways I
switched over to the more juice to army
character and I'm actually in the area
where all the other players you know the
SafeZone I guess you can say it here's
the map this is seriously like a console
game I find your phone and there's tons
of different Maps look at it different
regions another thing I think is really
cool too is this little chat so you me
and Andrea playing I can just chat with
him on here big throw a power attack on
Xeon that's a monster I made up like I
said it's open world too so you can
search for treasure you know just
battled bad guys I don't know if you
guys are like me and Andrew but me and
Andrew actually play a lot of games on
our phone because we don't actually have
like gaming pcs okay guys so you can
pre-register to get this game just click
the link in the description and takes
you to the website and if you do that
you get the heroes starter pack which
has like gems armored loot oh yeah in
the end yeah oh it's gonna say a plus
you can reserve your name so if you like
have a gamertag that's your favorite you
can do that immediately and when I was
gonna say this Andrew and I we're gonna
create a clan so if you guys want to
play with us I'm gonna see running I'm
gonna create it right now actually so
let's create a clan here for you so you
guys can join now I create it so let's
name it fort friends yes create
perfect nice so y'all can join our clan
once the games out and we could all play
together you know complete quests all
that jazz seriously guys there's so much
to do in this game it's insane so I
think it'd be fun if we could all play
together yes because you know that's a
fun way where we can be active with you
guys click that link in the description
go over and pre-register also what leave
your comments down below if maybe your
username and we could add a few of you
guys as well oh yes do that
whoa we're actually very hungry right
now and thankfully this store has a
restaurant in it
so just go check out the menu
yes
she'd have to make a cabbage
there's the barbecue chicken wrap that
looked pretty good Wow meal could bring
the fork we got her food this is gonna
be epic
wait you're eating in bed dude uh-uh I
want to eat in bed oh yeah take a bite
let me know if it tastes like prison
food pretty sure I know what the answer
is
oh man we were actually live before we
made this for and we're like guys should
we buy food for the fort like absolutely
yes so we had no choice but get this I
know we say this every time but it's so
true
what if somebody came in here and saw
what was happening amen
we got props Abed and receive food
I see gamma on the booth stay back gamma
all right I think it's time to put
everything back like always
mission complete guys I was just such a
sport I love good force he's so happy
not only that special shout-out to
netmarble and lineage to revolution for
sponsoring today's floor it means a lot
to us and like we said before click link
in the description and go pre-register
for the game should be fun heck yeah all
as always leave a like get back your
next set
