yeah hi and welcome back to more Jase do
guys how's it goin brows and bro well
guys we are in an exploring mood today
for the vlog and just to give you a
little context behind today's vlog the
other day we were going through a dutch
bros coffee right and what happened well
we were telling is it a barista yeah
sure she we were telling her that we
went and explored that mini-golf
abandoned mini-golf place and it was
really fun and she's like oh I got a
spot for you guys if you like exploring
abandoned things she's like it's uber
secret you're lucky I'm telling you this
it was like she's like no one really
knows about it and then she put a pin on
Justin's phone so we're trying to find
it right now but boy oh boy I'm excited
we're up here in the like the woods it
says we're point five miles away twenty
five-plus today's adventure finally
brought one of these guys with us up the
road so we're just driving around and we
found it we just stumbled upon it at
least we think so is this weird well
this is definitely it trust me it's okay
they said it's like a burned down house
from like the late 1800s or something
yeah you got a park so we can show that
well hurry
what happened here
fire what is those lamp
I think whoa that was cool broke but
yeah like I mentioned I think it's
around my late 18-hundreds so it's like
very old and not sure what happened here
but this is so cool
whoa what is this
it's like an ancient land up here oh
there's the fireplace
so the whole house structure used to be
here I don't know this is a shed very
old shed this is another oh look at the
old appliances so cool how do you open a
fridge old fridge though it's a secret
yeah this is so cool
a blast from the past I guess here's the
dude and look at these views it's hard
to tell on camera but Wow and they got a
gate over here at Andrew what was this
for that was the timeout room what look
old wood to burn old friends to trust
old books to read old wine to drink all
this is like a cellar wine so wine
cellar wood yes that's so rad even put
it right there just the back of the
fireplace yeah
it's just crazy you can tell it like
this whole house looks like it was built
out of rock not all of it but like the
roofing is like still major also brought
his nice camera up for cool Instagram
pics yeah
what take a new chin took that thing
what is that
father Hospice there's like these small
little cabins here as well
here's the other one
it looks like same style there's
something about coming into the really
oiled historic buildings that's just
like so weird
like that this was built like probably
like a hundred years ago no more
standing in it this is what more days to
build could look like in the wood hill
towns like this what's happening boss
it's um cool drum shop hey whoa whoa
the drone is back safely yes
hope you guys enjoyed those beautiful
shots Colorado is just amazing but I
didn't see any extra exploring spots but
we can definitely search we will we have
changed outfits for the next location
okay okay so we're in downtown Koehler
Springs and there's this huge building
we always drive by actually done a photo
shoot before but it's falling graffiti
it's right by train tracks don't know if
there's anything else abandoned here you
know it's really hot in here yeah okay
had no idea what this building even is
but very rundown lots of graffiti on it
and there's it's weird because it's
right off I 25 here and I see a lot of
people coming over here as well to do
pics but look how cool this is plus the
roof has like an Olympic
yeah something to do with the Olympics
but I just think it's so graffiti if
done right and legally is really cool
yeah that guy but is it woolly mammoth
dog yeah that's cool will me dog it
what's this
Andrew I found something it's a tunnel
hello yeah ah geez scared me I don't
know I can't even see what's in there
but there's definitely rugs and stuff
right here have you found a hole and
it's just a wall I want to know what's
in here we're walking down this yeah it
looks like a path but it looks like
there's some stuff over here
Wow
looks like somebody's been chilling here
there's hot sauce and
jackets and stuff Wow it's like a law
forcement we made right here yeah
by the river so there may be bugs here
it's not good
I'm mr. keto central at night so we were
asking some guy basically what this
building is because we saw him right out
there and I don't know the best way to
explain it it's basically like a bunch
of office buildings there's like
different people doing different stuff
there and I think we need to get an
office there what do you think that'd be
cool it just looks like I mean in
building but then you can I go inside
and they'd a little office space is
kinda checks out that the train tracks
what this looks like ancient dirt oh man
just cool about train tracks I wish I
keep check him out who keeps doing that
it's this vein over here reminds me of
School of Rock if you guys I'm
pretending I'm filming you but I'm
zooming in to the van it just looks like
School of Rock it's crazy
okay are you oh it's the police what and
he's talking to that woman what's going
on
let's get out of here hurry we found
something to explore take a look whoa
look it used to be an actual train track
this train is still here okay this is
awesome
can you open it maybe hole whoa now
slide it open
come on muscles many many muscles please
Wow simontann Wow
real train my goodness
get your camera out quick I have never
been in this area town in my entire life
my entire life not joking we just found
the ice cream truck heaven no this is
where all the ice cream trucks come to
get fueled up apparently is it that's
gotta be whoa
we have to check them out ice cream
heaven
so I don't know if this one is still an
operation to be honest but this
apparently was an older ice-cream truck
not bad can't open the door fully but
well is it cool in here oh yeah hmm oh
yes I want minions sir I would like one
minions please um sorry there we are so
that one yeah we have zero ice cream
left it's very hot in here
wait you have a zero ice cream
no what flavors do you have then okay
nevermind I want a ice cream sandwich
ice cream sandwich please serve her do
you hear were sold out and it's very hot
here fine I'll just take a coke I guess
let me give you guys a tour of the ice
cream truck
so we have our chair right here for
sitting waiting for customers luckily we
got plenty of head space up here not too
many products left as well oh yes hi my
game Paul wants a dr. pepper okay well
your luck we have the one left
Thanks hey game pong I got it yeah today
has been a great day because we have
completely sold out look we have enough
gas and space for activities so I want
to return this okay thank you
and our icecream truck is actually a
mobile so hopefully we get enough
customers each day we have no air
conditioning so the ice cream melts very
fast and yeah guys okay so this is the
first ice cream truck this one's a
mobile I think the other ones you can
actually dry
so let's go check it out we're an ice
cream truck ville I've never been in an
ice cream truck before either
some of these look so cool I remember
these back in the day look at this guy
he's old okay oh yes
gosh it's very hot knees but hope for
that thing that's the ice cream
soundtrack have you guys always wondered
what it's like an ice cream truck me too
so this is awesome that we get to
explore this look at all the different
creams ah this is a smaller one but
oh this was pretty big I like have this
one I was like a counter and shelves for
preparations towels let's get cracking
and these would be cool to just rent and
use for like a prank or a movie or
something wd-40 minions look you got the
window here man we don't got anything
else for you guys for the day the vlog
but hey it was a fun one for us hope you
liked it also be expecting a new prank
on j stu studios tomorrow wednesday it
was fun
finally more pranks I know we've been
kind of slowing down on them but they're
back so make sure go check it out
tomorrow and yeah we'll see you back
here tomorrow as well for no dog good
bye
