well good afternoon everybody and
welcome back to more Jace to Andrew what
are we doing today
so I mean if you remember I mean
obviously you can tell we dye their hair
recently beautiful colors you have yours
is like coming out though yeah I'm like
the hero a blonde pure bleach mode again
all the colour is evaporated anyways
I've been growing out my beard and it
started to get kind of annoying so I
think today's a day I want to give it a
toy so is this the longest you've ever
had your beard oh now it's time for a
new flavor double blue beard in here I'm
going full Smurf okay so we've got to go
to the the hair supply store and get
some of the needed supplies
so let's go here's we went last time to
get the supplies Sally Beauty they
should have what we got they did a good
job hair Oh will you be handsome where
we going with
we're going this color I think this is
closest to what it is now just a little
tube aha
that's more peroxide aha
bleach mode aha ah you got it all cuz I
can if you guys remember I took these
two colors when they blend in them into
my home flavor okay well let's get him
it's not a true vlog unless it's got
snacks am i right
you gotta get snacks I mean this is like
a party so natural grocers it is so they
got many choices but this is delicious
Brittney and I have got this a few times
cashew ricotta and butternut squash
penne pasta salsa whoa mango salsa
that's the next level sea salt and lime
chips to all my favorite chip companies
late-july
chip sponsor us if you're watching this
late July
haha for the final snack gotta have a
beverage I'm going to nitro this is
coffee yes
- cool can
okay oh did you stir your chips no I
tripped they also we're selling honey
sticks for 30 cents I got lemonade
flavor it's pretty good right alright
well you be ready for this full small
s'more floored mirth mode need a jar for
this this is a dust free formula there's
no dust in here Oh finally boy last time
you had so much dusting we're starting
to make sure we need two houses of the
sauce here you are opening this sauce
now oh it's like purple
she said if my face starts burning -
take it off immediately so called
Hewlett's I was trying to dye my beard
blue somebody help
that's yeah that's all mix it up hey man
we're gonna try this no it's a good
drink I made for you see what
so what's the best technique for
bleaching a beard you just kind of go oh
I need some snacks though snacks must
have snacks so we got you the towel we
got the first mixture on don't even know
okay ready this is hopefully it doesn't
burn too bad well yeah we're doing this
right quick
you're laughing at something
well it just tastes like a real
friendship today you know bleach a beard
what is this gonna look like blonde I
could you know weirdest color combo the
mustache is gonna be a hard area no
you're bleeping my nose that'll do that
dude guys I yes
enjoying the pasta here delish there was
some plastic in it but I got rid of that
I don't know what happened there and I
made a little beverage as well so we're
almost done with your how's it look so
far it looks the same but I'm going to
look in the mirror see it like still
looks dark I'll give it a few more
minutes
time to wash it off get over to the sink
yes like
I definitely see it a daisy a different
flavor in the viewed it looks like it's
definitely a different color it's like
like not full blonde but like definitely
pretty blonde yeah Alex
Dinks is like the now color fights it is
time for color we got the blue bottle
here there's a power boost
oh my goodness you can call sports clips
and ask if they can fix my beard yeah
guys
I woke up to my my beard was blue
you all can fix that change it back to
normal
I already dyed it like four times so I
can't quite get the color I wanted it
was blue then I went to red then green I
think it all looks covered so you
promise yeah actually both blonde zones
but it looks completely covered to me
I'm gonna look like such a lunatic when
I wash this out it just looks like a
Davy Jones I type of beard where it's
like I like that octopus coming oh yeah
you're are maybe I'm kept in Smurfs but
that's the best thing about beard is
like you could just shave that right off
if you don't like and it probably will
but I walk around in public with a blue
beard this is so weird
I'm not that but just the hair already
she's unique also might need to go to a
psych ward guys we wanted to let you
know that we are doing a giveaway on a
gaming channel as a thank you for a
hundred thousand subscribers we're at
100 1000 now which is pretty cool but
yeah we're gonna go away from gift cards
yes I'm like PlayStation an Xbox card so
you can use them on whatever you want
maybe it's your probably a card yeah so
yeah
link in the description go to subscribe
and turn notifications on so you can
join our stream and get a gift card see
you there
I got some shampoo little spurts
employment
and then we go also quick dinner update
look what's in the crock pot made by
wiping no and your it looks kind of
green to me what do you think bread well
I guess it looks blue but like certainly
angles is it confusing you idiot this
Punk its bond
all right here no no you put zero color
on this look zero is like this is weird
it's all blah
it looks to me like it matches it's just
your beard is so dark it's pretty close
yeah literally you look like frost man
character yes guy like that guys leave
your comments right now what kind of
character do you think andrew is now I
heard him just mention a Looney tune
character like what do you think boom
and a super Smurfs like what's my what's
my if I was a superhero would be my
superhero name yeah I'm gonna look
forward to reading some of these now
we're going to surprise FaceTime some
people see if the answer and mr.
president the blue the beard of fun
hello did you have dinner
already no oh why
oops did you like my new hairdo it's
kind of hard to see on camera but yeah
I'm sorry that poor connection but holy
cow
yes somebody messed up and didn't color
this part of the beard so it's still
blonde yeah you lose I and your what's
the idea now you want to see if somebody
on Craigslist will answer a FaceTime
call so we're awesome hairdresser see if
they can have like a solution to his
beard changing flavors there's 0% chance
that they're gonna answer this if so
just hold it right there and don't move
it they do yeah I just had a quick
question
look but who is this trying to FaceTime
you've come to realize that it is near
impossible to FaceTime somebody that's
like the whole challenge itself if you
can just get one person on Craigslist to
FaceTime with you yeah man you win we
tried it would have been funny seems
like most people don't have iPhones for
FaceTime so that's why it wasn't working
but yeah did you guys like this vlog I
hope so
how are you gonna keep this beard here I
don't know I need Mary to see it and
then probably delete it but thanks for
watching today folks Justin said that
this vlog gets five likes he'll die his
armpits this color
Wow I don't ever saying that but oh you
did we appreciate you guys hope you have
a great rest of your day
goodbye and don't forget to laugh daily
guys yeah good medicine for y'all
