yeah hi guys welcome back to more Jace
do boom
guess where we're at Nick Nick is with
us why don't you tell middle of nowhere
in Wyoming yeah
what heck it you just drove two out we
live in Colorado if you guys didn't know
we just drove two hours and all of a
sudden we're not wild what yeah it's
actually not that far of a drive but yes
we're in Wyoming and we're looking at
some fireworks yeah so this is the first
stop phantom see what they got
it's we're in the market for something
very specific Wow okay I think they have
what we need
so I'm looking for blue and pink
fireworks because we're having our
gender-reveal party and I just think
that'd be such a fun way to reveal all
be sitting there waiting and then how do
you know what you want to light who's
gonna do that Aaron's gonna take the
envelope with the gender in it it'll go
off someplace and you'll have the pink
one and the blue firework and then when
he opens the envelope is just light the
right one and we'll all be watching from
afar there's only one blue and all these
pink so I think Andrew married having a
boy
and this was my guess from the beginning
it's true I'm guessing girl
I'm guessing girl as well I think this
is what I'm gonna get these cuz they're
shoots 12 shots so that'll be a fun
little show is this the end of Wyoming
basically then yeah okay
well I find it fun if we have more
timing it drives to more Wyoming places
but this is just a quick stop yeah now
back to Colorado okay
Wow
so sensor up in Denver and we've been
doing some exploring recently there's
this place up here it's an abandoned
sugar mill Factory it is so big it's
insane you can see right there
and this is I think part of it we just
wanted to show you guys what it look
like from the outside because it's so
big and so cool
we're not gonna explore it though
because it has asbestos in it and the
floors are terrible and there's no
trespassing here as well but it'd be so
cool what it's called asbestos not
asbestos or fine sorry that thing
whatever that is so apparently this is
part of it
as you can tell and then pull off right
here look over here just huge
yeah they got that sign there but so I
think it's like four stories high
look like such a cool like movie set
location - oh wow and these huge things
silo things that would just be so cool
if we could get permission from like a
big place like this any sort of huge
building like yeah go explore it's fine
just be careful this is from the other
angle whoa geez so if you guys know of
any or if any of you guys own any
abandoned buildings let us know we are
downtown Denver now it's time to get
some food because we are starving
hop hop and duty and then again Bob okay
Wow
what have you done I can't take you
anywhere you did it to me
who's winning guys the Spider Man
winning okay good luck bro only in
Denver which would find spider-man
playing chess randomly with a stranger
all right time to get some doughnuts
voodoo doughnuts up here is very popular
donut place we used to come here a lot
when we used to live in Denver it is
delicious
you know that's I love that Andrews and
donut heaven
thanks for watching it thank you so much
what you get
this one is great is my all-time
favorite my first time here so I got an
Oreo peanut butter dang dang guys
today's the day Aaron's here Aaron is
here we're having our gender-reveal
party today I'm so excited
what predictions no oh yes
well what primaries yeah give me your
shirt wow I guess so you're you're
secretly team pink Aaron you have to
pick it you have to pick a team okay
here we are
so we got think girl or boy banner you
got this set up your cool snacks you
don't know about 520 right now party
starts at 6:30 so we're just doing the
final touches on the prep and then Aaron
is actually gonna be the one who takes
the fireworks we got in Wyoming these
guys with the envelope to a designated
spot and light them off will be able to
see should be epic I'm hoping you can
tell what color these are yeah
yeah I think it should be good and then
also football yes team girl okay okay I
guess we'll see party guests are
arriving as we speak I'm not sure what
you think the gender is going to be
we'll see what happens yes oh right oh
there's everybody this party man I know
it's gonna be so fun outside at least
passive footbots what I was trying you
want to go past a football that's right
exactly what I was doing no I wasn't
okay now let's go play football
Aaron is going into position while we're
getting ready okay see ya what are you
doing Isaac oh this is a tub now huh oh
okay we got the fire pit going and is
819 it's pretty dark out now and Aaron
might be in position so we'll get this
show started just a second huh Aaron
just texted me he's in position and he
is ready guys
ready for the yes or no button so stand
right here and we're good he's gonna let
the fireworks and it should be right
over there
this is gonna be crazy yes I'm gonna
text him yes yes a fire like fly into
the hot mess rider like come on yeah
that looks like a big firework though if
I gotta be careful
very you're right
how do you guys feel now that you know I
know Jed Josh said it was a boy I
thought all day
mom and son how does mom feel about this
right there's Aaron wait let's do the
envelope it's a boy it's a boy Wow where
did what did you think when you read
them I said Ã«i pretty late now and
everybody went home basically but here's
the other firework I feel like we should
just shoot this off just you not now
though not now like inside maybe but
this would be yeah maybe we'll do that
soon check this out this guy is cool I
am so glad it's a little boy
well guys looks like that's the end of
the vlog thanks so much for coming and
watching and sharing this special day
with us I guess the next steps are
trying to figure out names since there's
a boy now you can start thinking about
that so if you have any cool ideas leave
them in the comments oh geez
oops have a great rest of your day god
bless and take care yeah we love you
guys we'll see you back here tomorrow
bye
