yeah hi welcome back to mortgage do and
for Friday yeah
who's craving that new for today yes me
you guys were expecting it it's Friday
so that means another Newport video
let's get on with today's for Friday
episode and go in the store and show you
what we got planned for today
here we are searching first stop
bathroom I did I did yes do you
subscribe
what's your name nice to meet ya yeah
okay this seems like it's employees only
but there's no sign so and then music
playing so I don't know where we are but
this could be fun what's in there whoa
cool where are we
yes was build a fort in there try try
and get in I gotta put this on snapchat
how's the weather in there not that
great oh yeah get them out of there
Wow we found a hidden door that is it's
a colorful man
dun-dun-dun what is this I don't know
but it's cool go take the camera I'll
keep watch oh it's just like an extra
storage zone I was in there I feel like
there's like a microphone and then there
was a speaker too because somebody was
like yes can I help you was like huh and
then it said can you speak up I can
barely hear you I don't know if you guys
can hear that bad I was like what
alright guys here's the deal this store
rearranged a bunch of shelves and
products and stuff so Forks here are not
as good as they were before yep we try
though so what we're gonna do is we're
gonna go mess with the microphone person
and then go to a different store which
products do I need to bring out or any
of the products for sale here it was
coming through this wasn't it oh man
guys
a toilet-paper kingdom ah I'm so excited
because this toilet paper goes around
the corner so we can definitely hang out
in there yeah it's gonna be epic we're
starting off we're gonna build outside
walls so we can get into the people
around here don't yes yeah but here's
the thing we're gonna have to consider
this wall piece is in the way so we're
going to build like a little tunnel that
goes like that to the corner which is
gonna be awesome so get to work so much
room for activities
yeah wall complete appears the little
turn around we're gonna have to build
around there's so much room you know
what we need to do is block off like a
build a wall like right here we built a
wall right here so nobody can see we're
building like a you got to come in this
way and then through here
someone just took a piece of the wall I
have to go investigate see there's a
piece missing
take three of them now that lady takes
three pieces
hello think we've been spotted
these two kids I think they know we're
in here we built a little zoeng surround
the things yeah but there were
definitely two kiddos that saw me in the
fort
I don't know where they went it was a
guy and a girl so if you're watching
this we saw you making this area a hill
a chill zone because there's so many
extra rules they just saw us no one's
back here
we need a fortify our castle we keep
trying but people keep destroying it
who's taking wall pieces and give it
back our castle we will not stand for
this fortify who's there watch the vent
he found us how did you see us
we're trying to build a fort castle of
sorts hey friends yeah
we have many layers of Defense's to this
fort another wall trying to build this
we can crawl in there and go cuz that's
the other wall we made yeah oh man I
love this castle it's literally a castle
that no one no one can get in we need to
make it bigger fine you know we need go
get chairs yes yeah she made a huge hole
I just made this a wall pretty big here
you know see the secret spy hole
if this zone right here we might be able
to climb up and it's a lookout tower yes
every castle has sound like a watchtower
so this is gonna be it up here we're
trying to get out now so we can get some
supplies but there's people here's what
it looks like from the outside oh hey
someone took a big piece for our haha
fully stocked I can't wait to get on the
lookout towers and be yeah patient okay
we got the gear okay here we're I'm
acting casual
here got everything in now time to set
it up
the castle is coming along beautifully
folks what happened here we got a roof
so this is have like the large sleeping
area yeah
very dark that's we have the light
I love it just that fix the roof it's
kind of droopy somebody just took our
lair almost took I lay here
down hey guys ready for the castle tour
we put on our castle gear as well yeah
I'm a castle detective actually yep okay
so this is like the exterior wall that
guards the castle so you get through the
wall and you come through here and this
is the castle go on in
okay see this is the dungeon
into the dungeon then we got a book here
as one that you didn't know bunch of
facts
it's either for prisoners or for us
whichever we decide we come out of the
dungeons what do we have here this is
the staircase of the watchtower
now let's lead them to the Kings room
this is the Kings quarter guarded by
dragon dragon can guard up here now
after a battle one here's where we will
come yeah as you can see we have a we
chose this area because the lighting we
get a lot of good lighting in the in the
Town Hall area that's the tour guys
we're kind of looking right now to see
what other castles we can purchase here
in the future after we went if you want
battles
we need that water feature or next
castle
yeah we just got Intel that we have
enemy battalion coming in to attack us
what ins we need to get to the lookout
to make sure then we're safe
get up there now spatch looks like we
are right into these guys the enemies
are very close and closer than
anticipated
it looks like the enemies are gonna be
fortifying their walls over there we
have a breach usual and just clearly see
her get those chairs we have to retreat
she's right down those boxes right in
front of our fort they're bringing all
of them out not sure if it's a secret
attacker what what they're doing
it's her as their boss's leader
our castle isn't built for this type of
invasion I mean that both what he's
right there
it's such a good view up here though
perfect
lookout towers pretty dangerous why just
because they have archers all over the
place you gotta be kidding me I wanna be
spotted oh man I think it's time to
abandon the castle it's been under siege
for quite a while about to be overrun we
gotta get out of here as you can see the
lookouts right there yep
pretty cool stuff really good dealings
it was a good counsel for us Walt lasted
that was a great castle he made it out
alive so that's the important thing so
gay for success time to take over some
new territory elsewhere yes let's go
okay we are back home from Ford Friday
man it was such a great success and
we're looking forward till next Friday
for another four so as always leave a
thumbs up maybe a love for Friday as
much as we do
and we use some comments for some other
Ford ideas you want to see ok guys we'll
see you back here tomorrow go bye
go back
