good morning everybody welcome back to
more JS to hope you're having a
fantastic day
Buford how are you feeling today pal
where's that Kevin there's Kevin would
you get a saw can't get back here to
pick you up my sock nope that's mine no
anyways today is gonna be an awesome day
because today is the day that Mary and I
are starting to move into our new house
what new house since when since
yesterday yesterday Mary and I we closed
on our first house so we're so excited I
know what you're thinking though like
what you're already in a house but we
don't own this house we're just renting
so this new house is gonna be the first
house that we have bought and my
goodness I'm so excited I can't wait to
show you guys what it looks like as well
yeah yesterday we moved in a couple
boxes but we didn't really move in a lot
of stuff so we we have like this whole
week to just sort of move in I think
tomorrow we're gonna do like the big
stuff like the couches the table our bed
in here but um yeah so today I'm just
gonna pack up some boxes and move it
over there and then oh maybe we'll show
you guys the house a little bit later
but man I'm so stoked but as you can see
I've been like just taking stuff off the
walls like it's not very decorative
anymore we got boxes you know it's just
it's starting to become kind of basic in
here right keV also in other news I
don't know if you've been able to tell
yet but I am using a different vlog
camera I just bought let me show you
what it looks like I just bought this
guy the Sony rx100 and man I'm already
like really loving it this is like the
first real vlog test with this camera
and I just I love it it's so fun this
past week has been just a little bit
different for me because I've just been
anticipating buying this house
moving in all week and that's all I
could think about and then on top of
that I've been training little keV here
to just be a good boy
so we've been doing training on how to
eat toys only not hands how to go poop
and pee outside so it's been quite the
life here I've been a dog trainer that's
basically my full-time job now yeah yeah
you like those belly rubs give whoa whoa
just this house in general it's just
different since the day we moved in just
so many memories as well like videos
stuff we've done oh it's gonna be fun
making new memories of that new house -
Kevin no this little devil literally
just bit me made me bleed see now Kevin
so one of the first things that's
happening is the locksmith is coming
over and he's gonna change the locks on
the doors which is very important so I
got to go meet the guy over there at the
house who wants to come by the way Kevin
just learned how to go down the stairs
it's a big day in our house where do you
go really my other sock
get back here you I forgot to vlog but
it is afternoon now and I've just been
packing up boxes some they're rolling up
the rugs you know I'm just getting stuff
ready but now it's time for some help so
I think Aaron's gonna come over here he
hasn't seen the house yet so he's pretty
excited we're gonna pack up some stuff
go over there and see what he thinks hey
Aaron come on say hi to vlogs hi vlogs
we're gonna move the couches okay say hi
to the camera okay we got both the
couches in we're both pretty sweaty from
those couches my goodness so now we're
gonna do the table but you can just like
already it's like more echoey in here
because the couches are gone Wow
okay it's in Wow
let's go to the house I'm doing a tour
before I move anything okay I haven't
shown anybody on camera yet but it looks
like in here wait we can't do a tour yet
why doesn't seem to be furnished yes it
will be I'm not showing that I'm not
showing these guys I'm showing that
these guys these guys can this room is
huge
holy already couches installed goodbye
Aaron goodbye or did you think of house
house is supercool
living there so you're moving in okay
see you soon
yeah so how do you like to set up nice
good get in there we have some more
stuff to move in but tomorrow we
actually have this spot this is where
the refrigerator goes and yeah we don't
have one so we're gonna do that in the
morning it's late now tired from moving
good night this morning now and the
delivery guys are here for the new
fridge yes super ecstatic because once
we get the fridge then we can go grocery
shopping yes a refrigerator this night
time now and Nick actually helped move
our whole bed set up into the trailer
since if you didn't know Mary is
pregnant so she's not the most able and
capable moving buddy at the moment
willing yes but capable so go look at
our seven David it's very dark out here
but here's the setup at the mattress oh
yay lights the dressers bed we're ready
to go this is quite the TV mount setup
okay installed hi this is the official
house tour we're all moved in basically
we just have a little bit of stuff left
to move but basically all set up for
what we have right now so I hope you're
excited and enjoy the house tour
featuring this man yeah guys so let's
show them your new pad okay so this is
the front door obviously come in here
right away you're greeted by Kevin and
Buford
I've been coming this way you take a
right turn and you got yourself a closet
another closet bathroom I mean this is a
bedroom I think is gonna be for baby Bob
when he comes so Buford that's the baby
room come on let me go this way into the
living room how do you like it Kevin so
we gotta know it's so fun exactly
exactly
but yep this is the kitchen stir some
whites on my goodness so here's the
kitchen just a little bit messy right
now but it's okay the dining room which
is pretty fab I know I take a step back
and it just looks so tiny in this room
hotel and this is the master bedrooms
kind of messy don't okay don't look at
that and this is the bathroom in a
closet and don't look at that who wants
to go downstairs and this is the office
which is still being assembled lots of
boxes books in a desk so oh yes I have
some plans I'll show you soon though
it's gonna be cool I think this is too
the downstairs let's go folks when we
were looking at houses one of my
criteria was just a fun basement and
this just fit the mold perfectly I'll
show you
so we have the bar set up here just so
much room you can do like a 40-yard dash
yeah
oh yeah so since we don't really drink
alcohol the bar just doesn't really make
too much sense but it does if you
convert this into a smoothie bar and
popcorn arena so I got this is gonna
make our menu I'm hanging up
finger right there and boom you've also
got a stage here so you can put a couch
and a projector and boom movies or
football or whatever Wow
and but he slows down pretty cool we
have two more bedrooms so a bedroom
bathroom and another bedroom we have
like absolutely nothing for down here I
think I'm gonna put the ping-pong table
here what do you think yes I know oh we
can take it out in the backyard if you
if you want they want to see okay
fresh air fire pit over here just all
lined up got a stream just going in the
backyard which is so much fun
Buford
taking a quick drink walk across it and
then down here couples like a little
gazebo I'm not really good Z Belle like
a little structure just come out here
Jill drink your morning coffee do some
reading it's just so relaxing I love it
but yeah that's the house me and Andrew
were actually talking about like how far
we've come in with like YouTube and
stuff like where we both started out you
know right yeah cousin Mary and I first
got married we were living in my parents
basement so it was a one room just one
room total yeah you and Brittany were in
this pretty small space yep we have
lived in like four different like I
think apartment complexes and now it's
just crazy I see we both have housing oh
you just can't make you guys nothing hey
I'm still happy for Andrew and Mary have
a bet you guys are cute Kevin's just
interrupting the program like he was
saying uh-huh just so thankful for you
guys always coming back and watching and
subscribing and sharing with your
friends just means the world to us and
we love you guys
we'll see you back here tomorrow um guys
you're not gonna want to miss tomorrow
it's a fun one okay hey I have a great
one
