guys it's open
well good morning and welcome back board
is - yeah who's excited this guy know me
what Wow we're starting up to a vlog
here at Goodwill which is a great store
if you want to find things what we do
know and we're here why okay so we're on
the we're on a mission to find a couple
golf clubs because if you guys have seen
a while ago we went to this abandoned
mini golf place so we want to go back
and actually play around a golf so
thought it'd be really fun and maybe
we'll run into some people who are
hiding on the golf course I don't know I
hope not yeah oh
golf clubs yes okay so we're looking for
a putter of sorts you oh that's a nice
Mike okay
Oh two bucks yeah
he was looking for his brand new bike
for himself
you may be interested yes so we got a
driver and you found some nuts and balls
and some tees I don't know how much
those are but hopefully they give it to
us for free that'd be cool
there it is the golf course guys okay
okay I just saw somebody turn into the
parking lot up here of the golf course
major we gotta sneak in see we've got to
get into the golf course before them
hurry up Dale
can see there's no signs there's no
trespassing signs people might be here
though so we gotta be careful last time
we were here there is like definitely
somebody here she even even somebody
living here right yes there was let's go
see if they're home
this meter
tries to do this yeah
isn't this kinda freaky
I don't think there's anybody in here
there's a lot of trash though that's for
sure still is trash but then here's a
area up here well they're just more
trash and look like bedding stuff this
is really like yes get out
we gotta see where that Carwin man was
kind of cool as this property is
actually for sale what stop what the
couch there's a catcher
it's like 26 acres here so do you want
to bite Andrew and we could turn it into
an epic headquarters dude that'd be fun
yeah I can't afford it yeah I cost
millions of dollars but that would be so
cool if we turn this into our home epic
area but check it somebody brought a
couch all the way up here we're still
looking for that white car we saw don't
see it anymore but we did notice
something about the building over here
we're gonna take a look at
Oh how did they get that off here but if
we go upstairs it sitting on the edge
you might be able to look in to see
what's in there um guys what it's open
yeah
whoa dude anyone in here that's just the
window in the building better what oh
geez Bert's scared me this is so creepy
it's like Oh everything is destroyed in
here I cook the wall over there too it's
just like
what is that
guys
what
it's a whole
I'm not going down there I also got
deathtrap yeah look at all that you
touch me you scared me sorry I don't
know how people got a look like a mess
sorry oh crap
what's he doing
yeah definitely don't go in the bathroom
okay we got out of there it's getting a
little creepy but now we are we're gonna
do what we came here to do
it's time to golf yeah now where's hole
one oh no no I mean let's lost forever
hole one I think let's start over here
yeah and then the hole is right here
this is gonna be all right
foul good luck Elmo
at least I stayed on course
Wow here's the next hole all the green
felt is gone and there's plants coming
out of the hole so good luck a sandwich
Wow way off course ball will never stop
hole 3 uh-oh
what I think it came out that way into
the hole but there's no more okay okay
if you want to get better at putt-putt
this is the perfect place to come it's
like hold ultimate hard let's see how
good and you can do okay go go wow it's
still moving that's why you need to use
your skills for this one Oh what have
you found now Andrew this is calling
jungle madness
okay this next one up if you get a
hole-in-one on this I'll give you a
hundred bucks not kidding
it is possible see it goes this way you
bank off this make your turn here you
bank off this make another turn here
Bank off this make another turn down the
hill into the hole can he do it
Bernie Bernie that's a bet Wow Tommy
that's one of the weirdest in our town
will tell us the only player ever to
miss the green with a putter I don't
think there's anybody has anybody tried
apart from no not hit the green wood
pattern yeah she did not hit it guys
have hit it on the green it's gone off
the other side but I bet that's the
first guy ever to be one fun season
highlight right there okay it's time to
test out how powerful this driver is
here we are folks the beautiful driving
range
crazy - what it's turned into there's a
field of trees and weeds rudeboys
dangers got his tea out balls set up
practice swings let's see what kind of
shot he's gonna get here where'd the
ball go hopping around he's teeing up
this is going to be
start a practice ring right I just don't
get the concept of it I can't all right
we have one more ball let me try
wow that was a chip whoa okay guys were
back home that was fun yeah plus
somebody just told us about another
abandoned place we could go check out
yes
so a few guys like these abandoned vlogs
let us know we know of another place
that could be epic yep
so leave a like and I guess we'll see
you back here tomorrow goodbye
