ah man greetings salutations and hello
to all you friends welcome back to more
Jase - what are we doing man if you've
watched our previous vlogs where we
built our own custom fort in the woods
we're back we got to check it out
haven't seen that vlog we'll link it in
the top and the description because this
kind of won't make sense what we're
talking about but yeah we built their
own geocache area in the woods and now
we're going back to check on it yes I
know some of you have been there
mm-hmm and last time we were there one
of you guys was building an addition to
the forum you never seen it yet so yeah
we want to see what kind of additions
are here let's go I'm so shy this out
let's go check out the fourth two weeks
yeah geez that's plenty of time for you
guys to come and make some mods you guys
and Riley you guys know about it because
how else would anybody find us
looks like someone's like camping up
here up there it's like a tent same
buddy home don't worry I'm so hello
yeah we're walking through the woods and
we're going to the fort to find a new
addition Andrew what these rocks weren't
here before so somebody put them here Oh
like a marker yeah nice probably like
guys follow this path and what we're
gonna put a bunch of rocks that's how
you know which way that's a good idea
cuz rocks are nature so yeah is it this
way
I don't know if you guys can hear that
but there's some sort of creature over
here I've never heard that sounds like
huh what does that guy's the heck dude I
hope they can hear that we see that it
seriously sounds like an alien you
better hide dude sometimes the woods can
get kinda creepy yeah okay look I see
some sort of nest in the tree up there
you see it I never heard of that bird
before but I pulled the camera out
because I was gonna tell you an idea we
had we're gonna make an arrow out of
sticks so again it's like nature so if
you weren't looking for it you might
miss it but if you know where the arrow
is you'll see it okay see up that way I
can already tell that a lot of different
people have been on this trail already
just cuz it's getting to be more what
worn down but this is just so exciting
because literally I have no idea what to
expect like is there gonna be a ton more
force up here how many people have found
that geocache and written their name in
it dude
look looks like some people have created
another path this way so okay we'll
follow that might as well it's right up
there though almost there
what are your guys guesses what is your
guess before we get there do you think
it's gonna be a ton more forts more mods
and upgrades or it not really I'm gonna
guess seven people have signed the book
after us I'll go with 11
okay we'll see who's closer then here we
go
we see our tarp we also see another tarp
over there guys yes let's go up here
okay so looks like so people have been
here already
oh yeah party the wood here injure you
lead the way and let's see this way guys
this is so cool what yes okay so here's
ours that we built last time oh wait
what's this the Hill residence
no way are they really from Canada no
way it looks like this is his property
get out okay we got another mini one
right here well upgrade and then this
what is this there's so many different
things here hey what is this property of
the 1% all or welcome
so anyone here who wants to join this is
just kind of open property would be this
whoa
this is like the sleeping bunker oh yeah
I love this one man this is the one that
the bros with the corn hole we're
building a thing right yeah I want to
get a shot from the outside see what it
looks like
yes the reason why this one's pretty
awesome is because it's protected by
this tarp and they got it camouflaged on
the top we mentioned this last time but
we want to do a 24 hours up here and so
obviously we'll let you guys know when
we're gonna do that and then we could
have a bunch of you join us and be a
part of the first ever fan 24 hour for
village okay what else is here here's
the one we built if you all remember
there's a note here
check out my channel so looks like
another guy's been here okay press 10
Hey here's our note is this the nut
boxes over here oh okay put our thing
right here yes
what's gonna be inside we lost a bunch
of presents three two one
we got some sausages z Kleenex that's
handy
very handy here's the logbook whoa okay
let's see how many people you and Justin
that was Marshall Preston oh my gosh
Ian Preston Alex and Emma Elijah
Peyton Madden will hello Tyler dang
there's so many Aiden let's just say
okay so that's how many is that I just
counted up the log book and there was 24
entries that was way more why did we do
that
I'm excited to see we got the funny
quotes book yes let's see what funny
quotes we got here just told my friends
my Ferrari is imaginary jokes on them
they are imaginary - how do you spell
quarter are you a dinosaur hello comrade
I'm Gump baby Gary Google gaga I like
cheese
and of course the drawings here's the
first one I did a one-eyed man by
Preston America eagle the 1% and that's
kind of cool like a little best buddies
all right
self portrait by Joel now you know what
Joel looks like yep so if you see that
man penguin that's the drawings thus we
got in this box I saw their son oh that
is awesome this is staying in here yes
that is cool
school like that I paint the whole rock
yeah whoever did this good job you got
some other rocks in here we got some
extra snacks and what this is what he
said they left a subway gift card in
here so somebody else got that I think
that's okay piggy all right fellas hope
Brennan hill for more Jay Stovall mayor
yes if he's the mayor who's gonna be the
sheriff around these towns we did a
bunch of different things here the the
post office this is like a cool addition
these little hubcaps it's kind of hard
to see like all the little villes on
camera but you got there there there
there there
more Jay Stovall that's something we
need to leave in the boxes bug spray
these are lots of room for activities
and stuff yeah yeah we got two different
styles so we got like all branches and
then over here we have like all bark
yeah I didn't even think about that so
very creative on this one though this is
the mayor by the way oh yeah we need to
have elections right as we keep
expanding we will have elections guys
I'm hoping our village can survive
through the winter
I don't know but us as villagers we will
survive who's with me to come together
as a County and fortify Plus during the
24-hour four with fans me and all hang
around the fire sing Kumbaya yeah Wow we
weren't and I aren't making any uh
upgrades this time guys or leaving
anything oh yeah in the future we will
we're gonna try and you know check
now keep your eyes out for that alien we
heard earlier bring that up again little
chipmunk through oh I do see him ie bugs
these guys are the enemy it's a village
down the street and since we're on the
topic of checking out fan stuff rat the
PIO box to see if we have any fan mail
which I'm guessing we do yeah thank you
back here go huh
overflow oh and no oh oh yeah we're home
now but this is the end of the vlog or
today yeah
oh god we would but leave a like if you
guys want to see us do more woods for
things like this adventures what mods
should we do now that you've seen the
upgraded village what should we do what
should we add yeah you guys always have
a good idea so leave a comment yep and I
guess I'll see you back here next time
alright alright guys have a good one
we love you all
