guys welcome back to more Jase - and for
Friday I am so so happy you wanted a why
Andrew why Tom okay guys
today's fort is sponsored by Mario and
Rabbids Kingdom battle which is a new
game which you can play on switch which
is what we're gonna do today
we got the switch right here we're gonna
make another gaming fort always have
tons of fun I just think it's so awesome
how we get to work with this new epic
game and it's Mario yeah who doesn't
love Mario we love it so let's go inside
hopefully not get caught my jima again
by gamma sorry Guillen ma and let's make
it epic gaming for you we're searching
for new areas if you guys remember last
time we built before in the chair
cushion section right
two layer zone a double story gaming
fort okay they have so many Christmas
trees by the way this looks like
somebody who has built a fort since we
last been here look like that's normal
this is fort status who's in here right
now it's an abandoned fort we found an
abandoned fort who did yeah oh I put
this up here to make a wall right yeah
how big do we need this yeah this is a
good size he saw us
he's smiling huh I also had the tree oh
really
we may have to go like look at him over
there to see if we want to
you know
I'm good well when we build forts it
takes a lot of strategy because we got
to figure out okay for building in this
section well a lot of people see us or a
lot of employees in this area do we have
enough supplies so that's what we're
doing right now we're trying to figure
this out yep okay see this product so it
won't be conspicuous we're building the
walls now that's a heavy Christmas tree
animal fit great that one's sad wheeze
okay
oh come on man this isn't gonna work
well what's with all these different
sizes oh darn it
we need point by box and then this one
whatever size this is I like why was
that a good idea an upside-down tree oh
I don't get
all right so that's the upstairs for it
and then this will be the bottom for it
which we need to fix we've always got to
one-up ourselves guys you just have to
keep looking out for this and pull ye
who saw us he's like you guys having a
good time in the Christmas trees okay
here's the other side of the fort this
is seaside and the other side is the D
side Derick oh we're going over to the
cushion section to get some padding to
make the fort comfy you know I got some
good cushions okay we're about to start
stocking up the d-force here's the
secret door to this
right in there oh yeah
hurry before meat sandwich
we shut the door give me another one
this is a perfect vantage point we got
to make sure we fill up all the gaps so
we got a big gap right here hello hello
here we got some really good house
decorations for the fort yeah so this is
you can't see this wall can't see Andrew
what yes they're subscribed oh yeah no
way yeah guys bring it in no first time
to get some snacks
I didn't even know they had a snack
section oh they got those pretzel crisps
keeping it simple some pretzel crisps
and some smart water of course every
time you go for lost have snacks either
gonna make a thirsty
bacon habanero yeah we got the snacks
but the employees are doing what are
they doing
he's stalking or something of course
that's the door but we can't get over
there because yes yes yes all right it's
good it's good
stay down though because we have a giant
window up here let's just hope they
don't come move these boxes yes did it
smash shoes off ah three amigos this
four might be better than the cushion
for it because if you move a little bit
the whole thing doesn't collapse
yeah like multiple times plus who's
gonna be buying Christmas trees in
August it's time for some games we got
the game set up kind of there it is
Mario and Rabbids Kingdom battle let's
do this
that's me guys I'm Mario whoa I love the
graphics in this game go get them coins
dude we gotta just do some collecting
for pete's sake okay you're back off
he's coming fast
those are the Rabbids by the way yeah
though we're going into a battle folks
this is definitely a really cool unique
new style of gaming that I actually
haven't seen much before see look you
can like see I'm Mario first you get to
choose like where I want to move so if I
go there that guy will shoot me probably
you want to either find defense it's
kind of like you have to take a lot of
strategy and yeah what what you want to
do exactly that says a hundred percent
that means I'll like have a definite
chance to shoot him but if I go here at
0% because I can't see him let's go here
and I turn around the corner and below
the blast him oh you got a point-blank
on him did he die no he's not dead yet
so I'm gonna go with my backup guy
rabbit green coming in and fire
zoinks oh I'm coming into the green guy
check this out and fire mode you know
there's just something about any Mario
game that's just like addicting yeah
Mario he does it right seriously I'm
perfect you got hits that's because
they're still powerful you hurt him this
is why I go
I surround my enemies I don't hide like
you okay called strategy
all right my goodness
guess who got a treasure well that's
cool
click it please somebody help trying to
get the coins for you so you can get an
upgrade get the treasure now Mario what
is that there's not a new gun yes you're
gonna do gun guys check it out
turbine oh yes perfect got this time
exploring so that's what I don't know my
favorite thing about games is exploring
so now geez go down the tomb of Doom
well like a giant water park for them
that is so cool
I wish I was Mario right now that's
peach Castle there Mario true love he's
so excited to see her as am i yeah its
lines now we have enough to buy any
weapons
that's right good news coins yes to the
ancient gardens we go well at coins as
usual does geez get me over that now we
explore so much we just ran into a new
villain hopper team jumping jerks I do
not want to verse these guys these guys
are kind of hard I can only imagine if
somebody walked by and heard
Andrew yes we have intruders nearby
where'd you get down to the bottom left
I on kelp being it
you drink it down hurry Brady's not
going go go
into the basement to hurt Ernie how
sneaky can he be
without getting caught
trying to get it
I did it
dude watch him get caught we did it
mission success guys check out our
bottom 4 since we haven't shown you it
we got a table snacks and laid it down
here yes Phil Mingo mascot chicken star
wires is this one better
then UPS yours it might be oh yeah we've
got two chairs it's a little more open
down here but nobody can see through the
cracks
cuz it's so dark in here well he's
leaving hey that's her perfect time to
escape
yes escape and put all the stuff back
without getting caught the door yo you
got a cart Rico
this is a secret ops mission we're
completing back in the car now
a successful fort we didn't get caught
we had snacks we played games it was so
much fun and if you guys want to check
out and see more of the game we were
playing uh check the link in the
description you got it
that's all you gotta do guys yep you
enjoyed thanks for sponsoring us Mario
and Rabbids that was epic we love you
guys and we appreciate your support and
us as a channel and it was fun playing
the game yeah so I guess we'll see you
back here next time huh yeah
all right we'll see you later guys
goodbye
you
