well good morning everybody welcome back
to more Jase to today's vlog is going to
be insanely epic Bernie and I are about
to do something that we have both never
done before it's the first time doing
this for us and we're here still in
Hawaii so let's just show you what we're
doing today we're here at maverick
helicopters they do tours around the
island excited Brit your first
helicopter experience
guys these helicopters are sick oh my
god
buckle it tight Britt
we've just been flying over the Hana
rainforest and we just landed in the
middle somewhere in the middle of this
rainforest and it is insane call of a
poo he really varied if you softly
squeeze it in liquid comes out and he's
not sticky at all there's a call for
bonus I'm 57 and over here I have this
is what we use when we go bathe in the
spring we just this is a so we're doing
some rainforest exploring now
we're picking guava
yeah 24th anniversary is in July I go
over we just I grew up on Sookie brought
you to Bali yeah we eat the outside
right yeah okay you know I just did so
you try it's organic basically there's
no pesticides
they're so good I've had the guava
smoothie before they're not fresh off
the tree oh yes yeah touch is it gonna
like poke me yes just gonna look at you
fingers gently what stop what it's all
in here - why'd you do that
fused they like curl up if you touch it
they say no the rattlesnake tail what
does it do is it just it's just a flower
okay
it's what we call follow that's really
cool and of course we got some bananas
he said these aren't trees they're
literally just full of water there's big
plants can't really see right now oh
yeah there you go that's pretty cool fun
fact for you guys the shy plants are
back
that's and this keeps actually the
animals away because he has fallen it's
so big one like it cattle don't like it
mm-hmm
no use for anything or is that just it's
like it's the same as a honeysuckle okay
I just still can't believe where we are
just a number middle of a rain forest
it's just so beautiful it's so peaceful
that's awesome
give you a picture afterwards here's
what I'm gonna chuck with the flight
captain
okay the blog is a little shorter today
guys I'm gonna end it here
one just keep it simple and I still
wanted to get a vlog up because after
the helicopter tour
it didn't feel much after that so I hope
you guys are cool with that and enjoyed
this episode because like we mentioned
in the beginning never been on a
helicopter tour before and that was an
epic experience definitely recommend it
especially here in Hawaii you'll have to
do it because seeing the island from
that kind of perspective is insanely
cools but other than that I guess we
will see you guys back here tomorrow for
another vlog
good bye
you
