good morning everybody and welcome back
to more tasty and aloha we are still in
Hawaii Brittney and I and we're just you
know taking each day and figuring out
what we want to do that's the best part
about sometimes you know going on
vacation is just taking a day by day and
not having like a ton of plans because I
feel like plans can get chaotic and then
it's just like it's not as relaxing you
know so anyways
Brittney and I are starting up today
here get about to get some lunch and
then we're gonna go to aquarium all of
you out there who enjoyed nature wild
bye fish
I think today's vlog is gonna be so cool
because there's this aquarium here
that's like one of the top-rated
aquariums in the u.s. oh here at
coconuts I've been really wanted to try
some like fish
a really good place to try it starting
off with some coconut shrimp
the shrimp was amazing and now we've got
a fish taco
we are Maui Ocean Center this is gonna
be epic
guys I think chef n is about to go scuba
diving in the small tank this one's not
that big but he's gotta go do some
cleanup that's awesome what a cool job
just gets to go in the tank and do some
cleanup and stuff
whoa guys imagine if we have this kind
of fish tank in our house oh this is so
cool fish okay it's got a cool nose she
knits ville has quite the antenna yep
that's his name yeah to find it really
weird fish I don't know what that is but
hopefully it comes back round like look
at it now I don't know what that's
called
yeah pug fish come back
Jeffrey Watson flew to is waiting for
the next drop-off you think what about
me guys carry got to eat well and comes
a hand whoa
here's your food Jeffrey everybody bit
him did he get it he got it yeah
sometimes the sponge crab will kind of
was a part of the sponge so it fits
nicely on its back it's insane but this
one is call it a sleepy sponge crab
because most the time it's not this
active
can you guys spot the fish it is - it's
like that's how still it is I'm blending
it good insane
how is it that still underwater dude I'm
so happy and right and then that guy hey
take a monster you guys ever heard of a
garden eel I haven't
apparently they dig their home in the
ground and just that's what I'm talking
about
it's cool to see how creative God is
with all the different types of sea life
we found that jellyfish were so cool I
love the lighting they gave it to
so that's the big tank and here is the
tunnel folks what are these tunnels in
our house what do you say no biggie
well that aquarium was so awesome davic
recommended must check out so so many
cool
kwatak life-long but it's like almost
sunset right now and Bernie and I are
going down to this what is this like a
pen every weekday off this is that looks
like a food truck and my vendor event
yeah it's like for locals we're a bunch
of different like vendors come and sell
their stuff but our friend inna is here
and if you guys remember him last year
whoa
he is the founder of this merch company
lifestyle company called booby Shack and
oh he's here so he's got a boost so
we're gonna go check it out see what
he's got cuz the booby bird it's like a
lot of people don't know what a booby
bird is that's like what his company's
name after is like the booby bird that
like what it like swims in the ocean
yeah I don't know much about the bird
but I know boobie Shaq is like the booby
bird and then the Shaq represents a wave
that's what his log that logo is he's a
really great guy
family-friendly stuff so yeah we'll show
you yeah
inna bro yo look at you getting this
whole Shaq awesome
guys check it out
and that's got all these hats this is
his logo it's so cool so if you guys
want to check out his stuff he's got it
is this his website boobie Shaq and
we're actually working with him on a
custom merch a limited edition brooch
just for you guys coming out soon so be
on the lookout
the lady in the red is healing
well folks this is the end of the vlog I
hope you enjoyed seeing some of the
aquatic life here at the aquarium
it was very fun for us to you know see
some new things and hope was
entertaining for you guys as well so I
would love to know in the comments below
what your favorite aquatic animal
creature is I would say currently mine
is a jellyfish just cuz those are so
they confuse me so much and they're so
cool-looking
especially when you put cool glow lights
by them
whoa jellyfish what about you Brittany
with your favorite aquatic animal I have
always loved otters ah honors but I
don't know on this trip and loved Gil
all the big stingray
yeah yeah we put I posted a picture of
me and a stingray on my Instagram it
looks like their eyes are like that's
like they're breathing and then it's
their mouth great yeah it looks like
eyes and a face yeah yeah so leave some
comments below I'd love to read through
them and we'll see you back here
tomorrow for another epic vlogs me and
Brittany are doing something we haven't
done ever what's gonna be we'll see you
tomorrow good bye
you
