so are you ready
3 2 1
well hey everybody welcome back to more
Jase - guess where I am right now how to
show you around real quick and guess
before I tell you let's see if you're
right sitting here on this tree not sure
what kind of tree this is Brittany's
right here alright did any of you guess
Hawaii cuz that's where we are I didn't
really tell you guys but Brittany and I
recently just celebrated our 3-year
anniversary being a married couple and
so exciting and so we decided to get
away we've been here actually for a few
days already but I haven't blogged
anything because I feel like sometimes
in life with no matter what kind of job
you're doing you need to just get away
and not film and not focus so much on
your job and so that's what we've been
doing it's been really nice to just put
the camera down and enjoy nature and
Hawaii is probably one of our all-time
favorite places it's up there so if you
guys haven't been to Hawaii
my goodness let me tell ya it's
something else
but I just wanted to start the vlog off
by telling you guys that and really I
want to show you guys Hawaii if you guys
have been around for a while we came
here last year and we are just loving
spending this time together and where
are we actually a lot of people have
their weddings here and that's all I'm
gonna say cuz then yeah it's an insanely
beautiful property Brittany brought her
camera
we bought some extra clothes that we can
change into to do like a little photo
shoot because trust me this area is
photo shoot worthy there are chickens
all over the place here in Hawaii so
funny so it's called the Haiku mill here
real live limes I want to try good grief
folks any of you guys photographers out
there you're probably like oh my gosh
this is so sick we are on the tour right
now and she told us this is like an
agricultural property with like over 55
different fruits and such so we just
showed you the bananas this is a star
fruit tree they got a papaya tree back
there limes right there and we got some
oranges right here how cool is this guys
green ones now they're not ripe yet so
back in the early 1800s this used to be
a sugar mill plantation
there's only open for 20 years look how
freaking cool it is
on what
they transformed it into this like venue
still got all the old bricks they used
and all the vines
fresh-mango LePage the tour is done guys
and we got some of this what is it in
here we got mango liliquoi juice citrus
spray like a jelly bread Oh everything
that's in this they grew on this
property which is the coolest so thank
you haiku mil for the tour this was epic
I haven't fully proven to you guys that
we're in Hawaii yet so here's proof whoa
just got back to our Airbnb and it is
awesome check it out it's super quaint
and really full of the Hawaiian vibes
got a little nice table here couch and
then the room our bedroom is in this
closet
making a secret bed hideaway so a lot
cheaper than actually staying at a
resort all the resort's here were like
500 plus dollars well I guess there were
some that were cheaper but for the most
part they're that pricey it's been
raining for the rest of the day and get
excited because we found hidden
waterfall here on the island and so
we're going on a little hike to find it
and go swimming okay so this is bamboo
but listen to the sounds
yeah
okay we found the Overlook a bunch of
people are swimming in here and stuff
guys let's go swim down there
this is so
check it out
trying to go
it's like super cold you
and I think it's like really slippery to
you guys
that's why it's like arms like flailing
not too sure about what he's doing
so that was the first waterfall was a
nice little refresher we walk up the
road just a little bit and check it out
an even bigger one people are jumping in
right here as well trying to decide if I
should jump into this waterfall
I know you guys were thinking I should
probably do it when in Hawaii right
look at this it's so cool you're gonna
jump with me Brett okay
go Jake are you ready three two one
Oh three two one
that was very nice that was very nice
yeah
all right Justin has this towel on like
a little skirt so now it's gonna do like
a little yeah
how'd it go I'm sorry about that guys
okay anyways you guys are in Maui come
to Twin Falls there's a the first water
waterfall we went to that's the one
everyone was that all you do is walk up
the path just a little further and
there's that huge waterfall that I was
just jumping off that mean apparently
anybody was going through everyone the
first one was crowded so the guys are in
white perfect waterfall to jump off
super deep I want to keep jumping I
wonder if there's more like waterfalls
with cliff jumpers there has to be
because then maybe I'll jump yes I don't
know I just like I don't know you guys I
think it for me
pipes and water like separated are one
of my biggest fears and then so when you
combine them it's like super fear so
yeah but you've conquered a bunch of
super fierce before jumping out of an
airplane but that was with wet without
water oh you had water to it just like
if I was like skydiving in a giant like
if I knew that I was skydiving in the
landing spot was like the ocean there's
no the worst experience of my life I
would probably cry q Brittany's faced
skydiving now like it would be that
frown like times a billion you guys but
you did a great job I love just
supporting you so Brittany and I packed
some lunch
and we're trying to find a good spot to
eat and we found this little like tiny
shop on the Hana Road and there's a
lookout - but how cool is there thank
you very much
awesome cool view I'm gonna end the vlog
here of course I forgot to come an
ending so I want to do it now and also
earlier what I mentioned was I want to
talk about how like YouTube it can be
sometimes difficult to upload you know
just like a normal type of vlog where we
just film our day just not doing
anything too special or themed I guess I
feel like YouTube is kind of changed in
that sense where like back in the day
that vlogging was vlogging but because
times are changing it's not like the
same I don't know if you guys have
noticed that I feel the same way but I
mean obviously we are trying we gotta
stick with how YouTube is changing and
then adjust accordingly but I'm just
saying sometimes it can be you know
difficult to just be like hey let's just
go film what we're doing today and not
make it special you know I mean but
either way I appreciate you guys always
coming back for the true fans who watch
our videos no matter what type of video
it is it means a lot to me and to Andrew
I know and we just love you guys
we're so blessed to be able to have such
a cool fan base like you all who watch
us so thanks for watching today and we
actually have a few really cool things
that we're doing out here in Hawaii
while we're here that we're gonna be
uploading the next few days so
definitely come back and check them out
really fun stuff and that's it I hope
you guys all know that you are loved and
you have a purpose on this earth and
that you are not alone because I know
it's easy to get lost up in all the
chaos and things of this world that
you're not really told that too often
but I definitely wanted to tell you guys
that so have a great day and we'll see
you back here tomorrow go back
