guys welcome back two more days - how
are you today everybody feeling good
it's really fresh we are it's a sunny
day here
Colorado yeah we got an idea we've never
done before this is a first ever on this
channel I remember in high school doing
some experiments with rockets and such I
think we can send one to the moon let's
try okay oh this place has the supplies
we need this race car goes 70 miles an
hour are you kidding me
I kinda want it now there it is the
rocket section well that's why we want
to look at our options need a firing
system as well I think both style should
we get the hyper bat top shot Honest
John the gulls
so we need a rocket and we also need the
launch pad so we're thinking about maybe
getting one of these packs that has the
rocket and launch pad yeah and we're
thinking maybe we just get the biggest
engine for maximum flying capacity
thousand feet yeah you like this one
yeah here you go
c65 find it see 65 that's it
equip our boobs before launch yeah guys
I got a peanut butter banana protein
smoothie of sorts well what do you get a
coffee horchata
is it good it's average it's pretty
tasty very creamy what is your guys
favorite smoothies
do you like fruity smoothies I kind of
really do like peanut butter like the
creamy smoothies yes I'd say that's
probably they're on my faves
back at the house now we got all the
supplies so this bad boy up see what we
got
I love the colors on this I can't wait
to see what it looks like in person what
they forgot to put the rocket in here
Jeep
oh we have to put it together look at
that don't worry this is freedom he just
tends plus if a ten-year-old can do this
week so community do this come with
instruction so there was traffic yes I
think if they guess you actually have to
have a degree in rockets Oh married so
it comes with like the stand for the
rocket once we put the rocket together
or the stand together we can use the
stand for future more rockets not just
this glue gun to start working Wow
here's the parachute this is a
number-one necessity otherwise rockets
will go flying away and we're go into
space exactly there's not like a lot of
parts to this
when they take that hope it says that
our setup that's for 10 year-olds
yeah I'm not taking a Howard I love
these look at this I have like a little
lightning bolt on that's pretty cool
bluing this part of the tube together so
we put some hot glue on here just
bringing me back to science fair days
yeah mm cool like this yes put together
the stand as well with this thing right
here go there we go
this light goes there and then we put
where to go did Kevin eat it
cat bit where's Kevin he took something
I'm just guessing Kevin
there he is where did you take it oops
keV was actually a good boy it's just
hiding on the table and now I got to
finish assembling this I got to get out
the launch pad do not push that button
yet okay this is the parachute
I love the parachute do you guys like
following instructions no especially
IKEA instructions please you guys know
Andrew wanted to be an astronaut as a
young man well if you if we complete
this mission successfully you can send
it to any astronauts and ask if it's
yeah man please don't mess up this
wadding is to protect our astronauts in
the capsule really sore so what are you
doing is to prevent forest fires I was
in the tube okay have you guys built
rockets before probably yes
yeah I'm sure some of you guys did in
school at least oh look at that that's a
fresh rocket right there
Wow we also got some artwork that's
gonna be going on the side put it on
quick Tomic sky sticker is going on
Captain
and one of the wings fell off guys you
guys see this like big gap that's normal
nope what are you doing now putting the
engine in that's the engine yes okay
we're gonna have to secure that back end
there boy
don't worry there's that really how you
do it
yes this is how scientists and NASA do
it we use hot glue on their Space
Shuttle because it's space resistant Oh
see that's odd no we want to have
there's the engine yeah so we going this
this goes in here well don't blow it up
now this is like real science now we
hook up this thing and click Jing rocket
is assembled engine is ready to go we
need some custom artwork though
otherwise this is not nor write it
pager just did some custom artwork Gary
Poppins between star commanders Andrew
and Justin I see how he looks on the
launch pad here Wow I don't know is that
going there for takeoff
we hook these up to these guys on the
engine and then click fire but have you
guys seen October Sky it's like one of
my favorite movies Rockets oh that has
to be a prerequisite for him build a
rocket watch it before all right we'll
be right back testing the controller so
I connected these but the safety pin in
and you push down aha we have power it's
time to launch this bad boy I tested it
this thing it works I tested it I
launched the rocket already
your supply as its head to the launch
site all right should I hold this while
we watch yeah I can point it like
certain directions you know not I mean
though like right
rocket mode ready I'm getting nervous
launch today is always so nervous for
astronauts yeah I've never had that wall
get nervous but yeah I'm nervous now
we're at the launch site it's a little
bit windier than expected so hopefully
rocket doesn't go too far yeah hopefully
it'd be cool if we were able to catch
the rocket that would be extra points if
we can catch it on the way house but
with this wind my goodness we'll just
have to see where he goes when we join
in it or not and it is one of the great
adventures of all time but why some say
the moon why choose this as our goal and
they may we'll ask why climb the highest
mountain 5 35 years ago fly the Atlantic
why does Rice play Texas we choose to go
to the moon we choose to go to the moon
we choose to go to the moon in this
decade and do the other things not
because they are easy but because they
are hard because that goal will serve to
organize and measure the best of our
energies and skills because that
challenge is one that we are willing to
accept one we are unwilling to look at
these beautiful mountains this is
incredible
alright you got it all set up correctly
the conductors aren't touching you got
the wire as far away as possible okay
let's let's just think about what's
about to happen
I don't know hopefully it doesn't blow
up
sorry for the screen blob guys not sure
what's happening launch time
so one of us will put the key in yeah
and one you will push the button okay
can you do that I think all right let's
do it
the key is in once I push it down the
red light should come on in three two
one
red light houston we have a problem
I hear something what where'd it go I
can't see it oh I see smoke well I see
something where my eyes are watering I
can't see where's the rocket I see it
it's right here wait where's the
parachute parachute is right here
this was all so puffs out what the heck
happened
well at least we got it wait where's the
back end
oh here's the damage everyone look at
that that left a mark on this metal pad
oh that's Depok whoa
but guys yes successful launch I'm so
happy we even got that Gary Poppins back
Gary Poppins one is here but we can't
launch again because he's got no you got
no back end
yeah considering how windy it is I'm so
glad we are able to watch yes it was a
good thing that the pilot of our space
shuttle decided to not deploy the
parachute because that one went for
miles yeah so our whoever was pilot just
got a rank up I think that was Gary
himself you'll have to leave some
comments right now let us know if you
guys want us to do more space launches
some bigger rockets what do you want to
see you guys cuz they're some pretty big
rockets out there that we could man make
the fleet ace watch Mike well I guess
I'll see you guys back here on the next
episode
yep we appreciate you have a great rest
of your day
goodbye space out space and fly
