good morning everybody welcome back to
more J stew in another vlog for your
viewing pleasures we have been in the
car for nearly four hours now we're
going on a miniature road trip because
we haven't even told you guys this yet
but man I'm excited do you want to tell
them or me okay I guess we'll show you
and then we'll explain more about it
yeah but yeah as a long car ride haven't
been filming it because that's boring so
see you in a few seconds we're here
we're finally here oh I don't know where
to go okay they're so tiny this one's
coming outside obviously you're just
picking from the two chocolates I'll be
back in just a few minutes look at their
bows Oh huge oh they both came come on
so yeah we're getting a puppy
nice good gravy
yeah sorry we're getting that chocolate
so we brought a ball so we could throw
it to the puppies and see which one
brings it back that way you know which
one is fun there you go now see which
one none of them they just want to eat
me they like to chew on your fingers
ouch Wow
yeah we're getting a chocolate Smith
we're looking at this one and this one
oh this guy just wants a belly rub
though
oh he just wants a belly rub I got a
stick
who's ditching he's how young yum-yum oh
this one just wants to play but we're
not getting a black lab oh my Gannon
like me like he's the one that went off
in the we just leave down that make you
a beautiful well well place them sit
down and let him cuddle with you or hey
Jai that's what we said we're like the
black ones are cute he's really cute
next to lick as well and shoot is he
like the belly rubs oh yeah he says that
feels good this is cool
makes these dog collars for sale taking
large ones are nine bucks small ones are
seven so I think we're can I try and get
a small one
nice job Mary got her puppy look at that
he's tired now he's great and he's gonna
fall yeah everyone told you what his
name is yet well tell you in a minute
either dude yep this is a little a
little dude he's gonna go home and meet
Buford and that'll be interesting
oh yeah
Oh Kevin oh yeah by the way we're naming
this dog Kevin aka little keV
I mean just look at him oh that's my
sandwich but I know what you guys are
thinking that we are crazy for getting a
puppy when we have a child on the way
and I hear you loud and clear I hear you
but here's the thing we had already put
a deposit down on this puppy
before Marion was even pregnant it was
like it was a January yeah I can January
put a deposit down
so the real advice here is don't have a
baby when you're planning on getting a
puppy just doing the note but he is so
cute he is who cute okay Oh what are you
doing boy Kevin come here pray for her
food
amen all right keV Kevin it's time to go
also we've been wanting a puppy for a
while cuz Mary has never had a puppy
she's had dogs but not a puppy before so
like well we gotta wait until you
graduate school so she graduated now
look Kevin's here so this is like Mary's
puppy
is that coffee Kevin
found Kevin's face he's just chillin
we're finally back yay I'm kind of
curious what Isaac is gonna think what's
Isaac gonna think you go say hi to Isaac
pit him he's so soft okay now is the
moment of truth
Buford we're gonna introduce you to your
new brother don't get scared now you
gotta find him he's somewhere in the
park our dog training lady said it was
best to introduce Buford to the new
puppy in like a park or neutral area
because our house is Buford's territory
so he might get pissed
maybe you've been nice Buford
it's okay buddy it's okay Buford good
boy Buford good boy okay Buford you met
Kevin what do you think is Kevin your
new friend or is he your enemy so Aaron
what do you think of little keV so cute
have him he's coming home with me Oh
when you just look at him
uncle Aaron Kevin that's my shoes he's
on the couch now
he's trying to use me as a ladder to get
on the couch and it's working
aren't you tell vlogs what time you got
up this morning what time did you get up
and wanted to play 3:00 a.m.
aren't you tired you going back to bed
you've not tired and then you walk about
seven eight that's not too bad well guys
looks like that's the end of today's
vlog I hope you enjoyed it we were so
excited that we have another family
member Kevin he's currently taking a nap
we've spent the last couple days just
introducing Kevin to Buford in the house
and what it means to go poop and pee
outside I think he's getting the hang of
it we've got this Bell attached to the
door so we're trying to get trained him
to hit the bell that means he has to go
outside right dude you may or may not
remember this but our family used to
have another dog spirit and that was
Buford's like best friend of all time
and then she passed away and P bird just
hasn't had anybody to play with or hang
out with
so we're hoping that he can just build
that relationship with Kevin and be best
buds right Beautif right now he's kind
of not too sure about the situation in
the comments below
leave some prank ideas we could do with
Kevin because we did one with Buford if
I remember it it was like we were his
arms and we were driving in the car
through the drive-through it's pretty
funny but if you can think of some other
prank ideas we can do with Kevin while
he's a puppy that would be fun because
he's not gonna be a puppy very long yeah
that's also thanks for watching
hope you guys have a great rest of your
day
see you next time peace out
