howdy guys welcome back to more j-su
Nick and I are here for what's going to
be an awesome day yeah what's today
today is the solar eclipse yeah it's
really fun because Nick and I both
really love space stuff so this is like
wow but right now we're at best bikes
we're trying to see if they have like a
filter for the camera so we can film it
and I don't know if they will but we're
going to try come on best buy please all
right what sort of equipment are they
going to have or we could just buy a
drone fly it to the Sun I like that idea
searching searching mini different
what is that I don't know Cal's yeah do
they have like planets and space ones
maybe I don't know
oh okay oh filters and
maybe okay guys
so this is the only filter that what'd
he say
kind of Hindu might work I love it you
act like so personally filters can you
like she's like you shouldn't do that
with yes should we just buy it and see
what it looks like
it also says oh yeah what giant is a
sign oh yeah filter so I think we need
to get it do it alright for watching the
NASA livestream my next phone and we're
going right now it's loading but just
hang on there it is yes that's an Oregon
right yep man can't wait and don't be
fooled guys we got our glasses so I'm
going to take a look right now and see
what the progress is tell us I do see it
it's coming in take a look okay
those will burn your eyeballs whoa see
yes oh I wonder if you can do this
behind of but I can'twe see what's going
on so maybe this will help
anyway swing we gotta get to the spot
we're going to do we're going to pulpit
rock we're going to do a little hike at
the top of the rock and view the Eclipse
let's go yeah all right here's pulpit
rock I already see a ton of people up
there but the news station is here I
wonder if we can interview them and see
what filter they got Oh see they got a
cool solar filter hey we're just
checking out your camera filter
okay you sure okay
oh yeah he's got his classes too yeah
look at the camera filter looks like
this that's epic can we be on the news
guys
what time is it 11:04 what time we have
to be up there 11:47 okay I think we can
do it
let's go because that's when I said he
could be eclipses also I'm going to try
and film and take pictures with this
camera just because I give it breaks if
the sensor blows up no big deal because
I've been wanting a new block camera
there's lots of cactus nice Footwear
dude think Nick and I were talking about
driving to Wyoming to see this because
up there it's like a complete 100% total
eclipse but there's gonna be like
600,000 people driving up there on the
interstate so like I don't know if I
want to sit in traffic for the rest of
my life here it's like 95% just so good
I will accept
we got a glass it's already amazing
we've already looked yeah oh yeah I just
want to get to the top so I know where
we are in the middle of the wood the
trail just kind of ends there's like so
many trails - I don't know what's going
to take only been up here like once
right please help
which way okay they were saying this way
oh yes update we found the trail I think
okay we're basically there you thanks
for the tips
there have been stuck down there it's an
eclipse party up here were you late
yeah hey everybody come in it up that
looks so cool kind of you guys see
anything hoping so definitely tell it
differently not like like it's strange
lighting right now
camera can't really tell but it is okay
alright were going round two with the
glasses he make his sitting down because
he's scared of heights this is like a
danger zone we should do a new challenge
video we're yet I do something we get to
wear these glasses because you can't see
anything yes a nerf gun war with the
Eclipse glasses we're doing another test
with the filter is it working and
they're careful Nick why don't you get
his water bottle form kind of bummed
because the camera just like adjust to
the lighting so you can't see what it's
like out here because it's like
strangely weird we tried for the filter
I know and then it just it just adjusts
again is it maximum capacity right now
okay yes this is epic getting strangely
colder out here
how's the eclipse guys well you can go
home is the party over guys okay come on
flip-flops
don't worry I'll film though yeah I
almost put on shoes you almost made a
good choice what we should have done is
make that like box shadow machine where
you could see the shadow on the ground
and like the moon going over say Carol
then it grows back that would be cool
the plan now is we're going to try and
do some DIY solar eclipse gear viewing
things yeah so you have like a little
bit of time left
that's ro try to get some stuff and
build okay what supplies we need time
come on please we have to start with a
cereal box we're all there to go okay
and I think we needed tin foil right
yeah it's employable can take a trace
this piece of white paper it goes in the
box you create the reflection stare at
the sill
step one complete yes put it in the
bottom yeah so almost okay that looks
good to me
oh wow that's not cool why don't we hike
all the way up a mountain I know we
could just made a cereal box
awesome yes it worked all right here's
another idea we just thought of next
we're going to need your sunglasses guys
check it out can you Eclipse glasses
let's go test these they're working wow
this is incredible whoa you got to try
this whoa
okay can I say gosh I feel like it's
right here oh man this is the best one
we've done yet yes
Buford we made some glasses so you can
look at the Eclipse okay sit good boy
now try these suckers out what do you
think look I'll put the Sun whoa you're
perfectly see so believe you for the boy
well I think the Eclipse is basically
over now
Wow it's pretty cool though uh in the
comments let us know where you live and
if you got to see it and it was cool
I'm sharing also any ideas that you came
up with to be able to see it yes yes let
us know and if you were in an area where
it was a hundred percent totality well
lucky
but anyways thanks for watching we'll
see you guys here tomorrow goodbye
goodbye your first day bye
alrighty tune grass
