yo what's up guys what's back mortgage -
and for Friday
boys and girls I'm so excited huh
always on Fridays it's just like the
best day of the week it is and I know
you guys are excited for another video
that's why you click it you may watch
we got another goofy idea for you oh
yeah day but first we need snacks huh
wait we told you guys if you're going to
be building the fort you got to get
snack so we're going to go to a store
that doesn't sell snacks so we got to
buy snacks we get it you know
okay this goes that we found the
beverage section folks now what do you
want this is yummy
Oh what is this I won free any one
bottle Wow we found these just sitting
here free any one bottle just free with
one are you going to get oka original
coma filled Anila a lot got our drinks
we are good to go now also we didn't
show you guys so this time we've got
this bag
look what's in it a computer dude I
don't know I'm kind of feeling in the
movie watching movie you okay guys I'm
sorry I just love cargo shorts I mean
check out this function oh crap I forgot
my drink what
so today we're at a furniture store and
you might be thinking like well that's
not a very good place to find fourths
but it is yeah
they have bunk beds with secret hidden
storages underneath them it's so cool
but we got to make sure we find the best
spot so we have a whole round yeah and
then since it's a furniture store they
had tons of comfy props and sleeping
arrangements ideas pillows upstairs rugs
whoa they have an outlet guys yeah we
can't shut the door though your yes wall
guys future ristic yes yes yes
how far back does it go Wow was it comfy
or what yeah I would take a nap
we basically search the whole store we
have one spot we're going to try and get
into but first we got to find some
supplies that we want to bring with us
for example pillows yeah comfy pillow oh
do triple bunk
what please long one oh yeah
now we have matching pillows hey guys
welcome to my dorm and this is my desk
is where I do some studying I love this
keyboard it reminds me of r2d2 looking
for blankets you just found something
carpet make a comfy ground we have to
use that what sculpt that's a nice butt
yeah you like this bed mmm good now it's
crammed in here okay give me a sec we
need some lights and your foods oh there
we go
check it out I got the rug in it is
comfy let's look out the door what's
going on spider oh no do not come over
here please
where are you by the way
I'm Abed the one I'm under uh-huh
get in here now there's a trillion
people I try to text you huh you like it
there's people looking in lady walks
right by this door and like hit it did
you tell her yes I watched her do that
you
okay guys check this out he's ready to
watch some movies oh yeah I can't wait
the movie T therefore it is here that
sit back relax and let's enjoy the
feature I think I seen this money
so good and so loud I don't know
before we continue watching a movie you
have to try these drinks dude yes please
there's just not much room in here just
like coffee was it worth the free drink
oh is definitely work free it's going to
be awkward if someone finds us in here
why that's good now nature the lights up
oh yeah huh oh yeah
you guys don't listen to this guy's
voice he's like the best commentary er
the best what under miraculous obsession
and a miraculous escape I tell you you
seen this you guys welcome to this
segment of the fort expansion what's the
idea
if we push the bed that way then we'll
have more room over here and we can look
out a little bit because we're against
the wall so maybe we'll get more light
more room can push it too much
there's no one down the hall then give
it a subtle push and ready go
has its own others we're sifting those
beds as I'm moving
we have a gap find here so we're going
to see if we can see out with a iPhone
hold it up so we can see more and you
turn it listen employee down all no just
got a purse that's a fake employee come
back I don't see anybody here this is
part of the expansion objective how is
that this is part of the expansion
project you can sit up in the fort
finally we're just kind of push the bed
a little more for there
they okay when I push when we stopped
hearing commotion up there there was a
bug in here all the nasty bug what
movies so nasty
didn't I tell you what other spiders in
here see we're almost that I can get up
but I can't turn my face okay I can't
even look at what--he's go what are you
doing more guys okay now in your pee
hole for the bed particularly so my legs
are fully extended and we get the
computer screen right human oh I wish I
could extend my movies this is almost
the lucky survivors to begin learning
the unique way of life haunted by this
host online
wait Sandra we're missing a key element
what popcorn no they look mad we can go
buy some that have it here oh yeah I got
a little stored with her yeah the cafe
oh yes we suppose miss out guys Andrew I
don't see anybody yeah
just grow a pair
the employees are distracted over there
it better have popcorn
they wouldn't have this if they didn't
expect people to spend a lot of time
right
the gods hardships they didn't have
popcorn unfortunately so they've had to
go excuse just the simplest snack we're
fine but since we're out we're going to
try and find more decorations well maybe
some clients but we got some props guys
more plants some signs and decorations
after the dart Dora
this is today's mask on guys all right
Oh what are you doing we're
live-streaming
unlike that me let me see okay we flip
the camera around if you guys want to
say hey to blogs just say hello a couple
people out surf that guys use are made
the way yeah usually when we are in
forts we like to go live on my dummy in
this video we're actually broadcasting
only broadcasted yesterday for you guys
so you kind of got a smooth peak if you
follow us you don't follow us on my
tummy it's in the description somebody
here
stay par there and you found another for
hack so you have this little magnet in
your phone
check this out Molly live stream and you
can watch videos and stuff oh yeah I
don't know if we said this earlier but
these trees are a great thing to have
here because it's like camouflage I
poked my head out and no one can see me
because I'm in the tree it's epic that's
people right outside the door do not
come over here oh yeah we didn't show
you the last time this is the reminder
if someone opened up loaders he pick
them back up before we can put this here
to walk the door I thought this was
storage let's put all the stuff got it
out of it now go go go
who is successful force back at the
house guys a mission accomplished I'd
say successful fort day we have some
exciting news guys leave a like if you
guys want merch we've been working on
this for a while we haven't had merch in
so long yeah man it's time to get the
merge so leave a like if you're excited
for that and we'll have some soon yeah
that's one cool it isn't works we
appreciate your support and we'll see
you guys back here tomorrow ok goodbye
you
