hello everybody welcome back to more JC
ooh jeepers who's excited for today in
general me you don't have to have a
specific reason to be excited you just
be excited because you're alive and well
and smoothies yeah guys we're starting
off the day starting up the vlog here at
Ola juice bar get a quick smoothie by my
place yeah so today Andrew and I found
weight okay you figure out what I'm
trying to say they're kind of new store
yeah
um you guys remember how Andrew and I
used to back in the day do challenge it
make a spicy hot you missed you remember
that vaguely it's been so long since
we've done that so we were thinking man
we're gonna go check out some more hot
sauce or cement bar you know Saints by
Celine air we found one so we're just
going to get a couple supplies here aka
to these
another story no oh what we're going in
a store coming up thank you bah so we're
in downtown Colorado Springs right now
and there's this really cool store we
actually haven't really been to that
Austin for the vlogs
it's called V Zoe's don't mind yeah
those guys keep whistling down there
they need to knock it out anyways this
is like a epic costume store so let's go
ahead and show you how cool this is this
is insane we large well either they got
costumes they got magic tricks and props
for pranks are you serious yeah cheese
huge that is very big
it's chubby Ironman when a girl wish you
could rent that baby put nice new shoes
back off haters was a British Lee man
Lou huh
they're mine I don't know you're like a
weird rat thing maybe they came to rue
yeah this is not a kangaroo I don't know
yeah what up guys hey those are weird is
this weird but cool how mask keep
getting more creative huh I'll be
motioning don't you find these are like
a real mustaches 100% human hair well I
guess that's kind of cool but like kind
of concerns it'll look really real
realist all of these argued yes go back
in there right there full beard - I'm a
space commander guys where's Andrew go
ahead agimo reporting for duty this does
not look like a space costume no but I
once looked like a painter's outfit I
got that orange one this one I want the
orange one this is like very small this
won't fit but it's white
hey guys large what we want to a space
prank yeah this one just not fit but if
your new kids know what slow strange
this head is huge is that hot in there
but check it well they are fueled these
all right we're on our way to the new
store Wow ah there it is
right Buffalo Ridge Trading Post we
thought we saw hot sauces on the website
you said whoa there are plans in the
back attention
oh yeah look like sure it's like dinging
ah is this got to be it
whoa whoa holy sterilized oh look at the
coming of doom over here no way they got
the plutonium all that stuff her 9
million Scoville units folks how much
does it go ever like 1 million yes how
that one doesn't cool the Private
Selection it comes in a cool box yeah
always
40 bucks I'll bet rulers Doug's private
collection what's Doug is this even
socks yeah it's just wrapped up in a
very disturbing thing this is only five
hundred thousand yeah
Reaper sauce okay we're going to take a
look and show you that rares this is
epic things have the heat scale right
here today have samples I bet you why
are we man this pin here so it's like a
whoa
please sixteen million
what is lawyer just pretty much like us
grade police pepper spray is 2.5 to 5.3
million Wow guys I can't get that in
your eyeballs I can even handle them a
mouth what the hot sauce fridge this is
the sample hot sauce station I think we
should sample something you have a
okay we're about to do the challenge
we're going to do a few different places
and see what we can handle guys it's
cool because they created their own
scale of hotness so it's like they got
focus you like five seven eight you
don't want a four e are bound oh no I
think I like a one
no that's wussy service and hurt so
we're going to try this on last shift up
to level 8 and
and from eight up it stupid okay that's
perfect yeah that's really good yeah so
what were you just telling us about the
staircase thing we're going to here we
are going to stair step to the top key
level we're going to start with a little
thing
now just do that and then go all the way
up to 10 ouch for sure and hey you
prepared in group ah those last time we
had something really spicy entirely yeah
it's been a while so so you guys use
trouble yeah we haven't been practicing
and this would start out with Murray
sharp
this is a hot frost that's out of Belize
and very good one when I don't know
that's quite a rice ball that's ready
for first try yeah got my family um I
don't think I feel like in today yes
okay yes I'm ready for round two
okay you look good hot sauces as we have
found out can be deceiving at first
right so not bad and you keep going and
then therefore you kind of regret it
yes go
Level III down lovely work sometimes
yeah I think you guys I'll just do it
I'll try now to do the same thing to you
but no promises okay mines got a big
glob compared basket later
no time yet that is one that deceives
you yeah I can taste like the spice
coming yeah I can feel it
are you okay oh I'm feeling good yeah I
feel fine actually the chupacabra oxalis
I don't know since the Cobra okay now
we're switching a toothpick mode because
honestly my mouth is getting kind of
spicy I'm not there yet what maybe I've
been practicing no I've been having all
hours I can't no oh give him a big scoop
okay said you net for him oh yeah that's
it she's very beautiful
not bad that's a nice little glob you
ready
I don't know why I don't know I guess I
have to be she says this is very hot and
let me know 99 oh whoops
yourself one more after this suspecting
oh okay ready
I can feel the habaneros creeping in the
nose okay the next one will come with
you is to bomb Ground Zero and this is a
head a level 10 it's really like an 11
or 12 but why don't go up there I've got
the burps as well what disappointed you
don't have to throw up okay huh
bonanno's so you want to take this put
it on your tongue you can either roll it
or just tap your tongue I'll take the
toothpick out close your mouth hold your
breath for five to ten seconds why is
that because the air will ignite it so
you know I don't fire so should begin to
protect you yeah okay level 10 we still
have the hot remnants from the other one
so yeah
hey go
don't open her mouth did you guys know
your driver not yet why you ever get
redder dude so I can have it uh start
crying and getting hotter your can
reason this was definitely hot do you
want worry
what yeah well guys enjoy them across
but we don't get on your lips by the way
what because - I like my eyes - yeah my
nose is leaking teach you yes honestly
got one more this is focus the shrinker
shrinker hots out first ingredients
apple salad
tastes like three
flavor you like cuz like rotten spicy
apples yeah oh good grief all favorite
Wow okay
sure it always takes like a few minutes
for it to kick in it's been like five
minutes and I always get goosebumps and
then my face start turning narrow man
Wow
bye guys but okay so if any of you guys
are an old Colorado City or Colorado
Springs and want to have a good time
come to Buffalo Ridge Trading Post like
a yeah go to their bar and just try some
sauces they love doing challenges and
stuff so bring your friends you can film
in there too so it's really fun also
they said that we can be part of the
next tasting when they get new sauces in
we can come rate the hot so yeah that'll
be fun being a part of like when they
get a brand new something that has it
hit the market yet will tell you a lot
it if you try if it's challenge worthy
get up now it's my mouth I wish I still
had my movie the end of the block has
arrived
now how much it's the next morning how
is you rate your next day experiences
not as bad because in our previous
challenges we have had a lot more sauce
no you doing like better spoonfuls I
don't know what we was thinking and this
time we're just doing toothpicks and
like little drops I was like oh but if
you guys haven't seen any of our other
challenges we'll leave a playlist below
and you could watch them we got a ton
pretty funny and any other challenge
ideas leave them in the comments as well
because you've probably got lots oh yeah
well I have a great night everybody
we'll see you back here tomorrow bye bye
