pillow friends welcome back to more js2
we hope you guys are having a fantastic
day we s because we are always what are
we gonna put down and we have a blog for
you guys today that is very random and
very funny
you tell them okay as you guys know
recently we modded our toy car with some
Plasti Dip paint job and it turned out
awesome
what else could be plastic that that
would be cool yeah you've got like all
the regular stuff I've seen people like
shoes shoes like car parts yeah no it's
cool and all but what if you Plassey
dipped like a Big Mac I don't know what
happened will it be cool yeah we just
have a random idea we want to try it
Plus this will be better than eating it
to begin with so haven't been to one of
these establishments in a while you're
not lying awhile
yeah well what is this it's been so long
I don't even know what this place is
what on earth where are we what's
happening touch to order
take out
should we get some tickets - yeah
mission bridge Bryce yes wha
Andrew and I both wash the documentary
the founder which is about McDonald's
house garden area they like being here
it's like crazy to see what it is now
house right that's great Evan cement I
recommend it's pretty good movie on that
but you know check it out yes we're not
just going to be didn't we got fries we
got to be a full classy meal
an ice cream cone not why don't we do
that about it in 40 whatever you do do
not show my wife these bags fine here it
is folks a Big Mac wash my favorite
steakhouse wow what is that guys they
were pulling these burgers out of
drawers I'm not sure how that works back
in the bag Oh dad we have the food we're
back at the house what flavor so we have
like before we got red and white so this
is going to be the one of the most
custom Big Macs you've ever seen
probably not edible but at least you can
look at it and then we can test whether
it's I can you peel it off and see what
happens
okay let's fry
yes a big batch not a sponsored by the
way guys take the Beast out of its case
safety first guys we're dealing with a
Big Mac wow I don't believe this
a bacon surprise what that's not
supposed to be here but we got it
anyways wow you never know what you're
gonna get I'm putting him on the patty
let's do a half red half white okay
shake it up it says I think we learned
how to do this from the car so we should
be pros now Ready Set fire Oh supposed
to be half oh wow it's Charlie for the
red attack this is like a cool doughnut
oh and let it the first layer dry okay
let's dump out some fries custom fries
last but not least the most
great-looking chicken nuggets you've
ever seen wait ah Big Mac where you
going by two three four we're going to
just let it dry we put on a second later
and while we wait for it to dry Andrews
going to drink this whole bottle a fog
fluid for how many legs just kidding
don't we don't do that sort of thing
this is dangerous
remember it says 100% water-based what
does that mean that means water is an
ingredient but that's a hundred percent
time for a game of darts while we wait
you're wanting to verse me in darts yeah
okay let's see how good not you are
three
17 and a green m/m I know you're
impressed but check this out like and
subscribe
Wow we still got helium and Rio balloon
time yeah I'm not kidding guys you don't
recommend doing that but we do have a
helium hey everybody welcome back to
Marty steel and today we're classy
dippin oh that guy thinks I'm a psycho
Wow hey it's time you know Bertie look
out
Oh what are you doing guys check this
out bud packet if you're going on the
swamp later this year
looks wrong way oh whoa see sure good Oh
guys didn't see me
I suppose prank on him okay weed what
Wow we're just wasting time until the
burgers are done drying and then
Justin's going to try the Big Mac but
for a new challenge
I'm going to shoot this nerf bullet and
he's got to hit it with the bat so can
he do it remember every batter has a
warm-up right
oh oh so fast good it's like a fast
pitch all right here we go oh you almost
got it the guys Andrews up next you
ready oh I'm more bullet oh we got the
lab back inside time to examine the
specimens point this is something we
made what what are you showing Oh
plastic nuggets you fir'd want to try it
desires the smell Buford Oh still a
nugget in his book break it open
yeah what's inside a plastic McNugget
well that's interesting
I'm trying to peel it off because you
can do that with the Plasti Dip yeah but
it's not working on the Nuggets that
looks so fake
I think it's preserved in the plastic Oh
does it feel different
now Andrews gonna take a bite oh yeah
guys yeah that'd be a bad idea can
repeal this one just take a moment to
observe this guys dude they should make
like a burger like this that you can
just eat merica burger there's need blue
and you got the fries
you can't peel it off this feels like
really plasticky yeah okay we can try
the peel look at the plastic there oh
yeah yes it's working yeah look plastic
and now you got a soft fresh bun no good
to eat
who never knew this would be this
entertaining it's just a Big Mac would
you just look at this what about it it's
just so plastic I'm just imagining um me
leaving and Mary gets home and this is
what Andrews doing all by himself
Andrew what are you doing oh not that
making dinner I mean this is like a
cover you can put this now come on
I stripped off all the back so now if
you just had a regular burger you can go
decoration the conclusion has arrived a
review and I hope you enjoyed it and
just slowly or don't know but guess what
a new prank is going live soon
now when yes today so just go look at it
okay finally a new prank because college
is back yeah it's a new style you guys
we hope you like if you like our vlogs
it's kind of like a vlog behind the
scenes prank right come albany she's in
it and they're not going to eat that up
you guys want to see any more pasta tip
videos let us know what we should class
to rise and we haven't never asked you
guys this but along with that comment I
want to know who do you guys want to see
us collab with the most
Wow so if you like any if you see any
comments right well they should clap
with them
leave it alike flag it to the top okay
and we'll look and maybe we'll reach up
some views yeah because we hopefully we
have a really fun collab coming soon
okay what I'm talking about I do not yes
I'm not telling you nothing
anyways have a great day and life you'll
see tomorrow
