howdy dill friends and family colleagues
and associates welcome back to more j-su
boys and girls do we have a vlog today
for you to watch right and what we're
doing today is what well as you guys see
or haven't seen yesterday we built our
own geocache fort in the middle of the
woods yeah we showed you the whole
process and everything but we missed a
few things we didn't put the actual
geocache in the fort so that's what
we're going to do today
yeah we're going to get a box filled up
with presents and stuff put it in the
floor and make it available online so
you guys can go out and find the fort
not only that we have a few renovations
that we want to do already
I know renovations are going to stop so
let's go inside and get some supplies
all right
I'd stopping out here Bass Pro Shops all
our outdoor needs are here and our force
basically like right over there so we
need our hats for this adventure in the
woods okay there we go yeah looking good
guys
so I look like like a park ranger yeah
you look good hey no fires
you do you look like yeah look that's
just very strange now you want to do
what you look like we probably have
we've had I supposed to blend in with
this or what yeah I found him he should
just buy this and use those like
everyday hat well here's a bunch of
containers many different sizes
doesn't this have I can yep phone this
is like free you're gonna must owe this
big boys $19 you can put many presents
in there what did we get this is going
to be the geocache folks oh I'm so
excited it's a good size we can put some
good things in here yeah open it up boom
prizes I also like that a knife or
cutting rope and using in the woods you
know you gotta have one a miss
protection
I just can't open it yet because it
hasn't been opened in a while ever
actually we do have one more stop to
make because we didn't get a tarp
I think Walmart had a little bit better
selection just in the tarp Department
look uh-huh found the bigger tarp listen
to it okay this is only got a six by
eight not big enough for what we wanted
small so we need bigger nine by twelve
we got a 15 by 30
who are twenty four by forty Garrett's
over the whole Horace hahaha
what we got a bunch of cool smoke guys
guys you just got to the parking lot at
the base of where our geocache is hidden
I just got to say there's like a lot of
cars here today it's Monday we just
upload the vlog so we don't think any of
you guys could have been here yet
there's six cars yeah drill now oh but I
know I know a lot of you may not live
here in Colorado so you're like man I
wish I could get involved but trust me
we're going to try and make it as fun
for you guys watching who can't make it
here and for the people who can find the
geocache and here's how you know you
found our geocache because it says we're
putting in the box we're going to make
our way up the mountain this is how you
get here by the way Mount Hermon Road
and then you go past the sign that says
no shooting for 12 miles and then right
there's like the 11 mile for the next 11
miles and then you turn them this
parking lots right here and then you go
up that trail will show you where to go
before we go up we want to show you guys
all the stuff in the box
all right so what do we got first start
off you know the logbook so you put your
name and your date you found it
next up drawing book draw something
funny
next up funny quotes book just leave a
funny quote like I am a sandwich by
Justin I'm understand that but why you
see it all the time and then we got an
emergency poncho that we're going to
include just in case things get you know
rainy like it was in the last video hand
warmers of course some pens drawing
we've got hand sanitizer got to be safe
this is prize number one a broncos
lanyard this is one of the other prizes
we just bought this not opened Jack
Black and
nacho libre if you guys haven't seen
this movie the funniest movie so whoever
finds it first it's all yours
and then we have some snacks like
skittles kind bars some you Hina's okay
and like who said we'll update this box
once all the prizes are gone with new
stuff new yeah I use new when Christmas
comes around go do some present
giveaways one thing that we one thing
that we didn't do when we've been doing
geocache is bringing something to put in
in exchange so if you guys are coming
and you want to bring anything any
snacks you can take a snack but leave a
snack you see what I'm saying with this
but you can take the movie and you can
just keep that yeah but if you want to
leave any other presents we will be
checking in on this let's go okay guys
we've been walking on the path that we
showed you on the way when you from the
parking lot for about seven minutes I'd
say and there's this off the road path
this is where you're going to want to go
left-hand turn ya can walk out this way
and the path curves right but you don't
want to go that way you will go this way
it's subtle but it's there so we don't
have any markings yet for it but I'm
telling you guys go through here and
then you kind of think it's a dead end
actually like oh it's kind of looks like
a poor man this is a pretty boring for
ya but no
keep going straight see this wood up
here this way remember the tips we
showed you you look like broken branches
and tree limbs like we've went this way
and then this wood we've clearly climbed
over it you can see right here
this hasn't been climbed over if this
has it's all fell off so we go up here
and pretty much we just go straight from
this point on like all the way out
oh you're going straight up a hill so
it's kind of hard make sure we're on the
right shoes and clothes and it's - but
where we've made it first there's a
another fire pit outside the forest
right here when you just look up here we
are guys
yes looks like no one's been here since
we were worried people are going to be
here but yep the dirt from when we put
it in whoa ah I love it I love the shade
in here so you so much more cooler
that's the chill-out area but as you can
see this tarp is very strong so that's
already brought the upgrade first I'm
going to bathroom me too
this is gonna be so much bigger
yeah do this a little cover like this
whole thing and wide enough to like yes
for rain just yeah this would be way
better because like if it started
raining right now maybe like a couple
people could stand on here and be dry
but now is looking like a real house
guys
there's people down there yeah I see his
white shirt and then there's a guy in
the red shirt is here you guys we have
intruders
I heard him just say find it so maybe
they did see the vlog because how would
they know what to find I don't know
where they went
okay I'm not seeing things but you guys
saw on camera there's somebody moving
but now
oh wow we're trying to get this tarp up
before the rain comes but I don't know
where those people in dude yeah so just
keep your eyes peeled
if you because remember you heard that
like a cracking in the woods your
clothes that years like a Buford like
this is brown it's going to blend in
very well let's prize your self a little
bigger than you thought
better than smaller yeah
ah we're getting some good head space in
here covering more ground too
yeah man this is epic also a memory we
found we found this brought it up like a
old ladder it's not working but kinda as
you can tell like it's great quality
this collapses what they would have to
do back in ancient times y'all fix it
careful it's starting to rain a little
bit just a few sprinkles but now's the
time where we got to find a hiding spot
for this geocache
so we're great hey can you hear that I
can't interesting you're just we're
reading some comments yeah saw a couple
comments saying put it in the fort so
that's what we'll do things you have a
spot right over here simple yet and
thank you so this is the big you need to
put it somewhere on the tree or in like
the brush here maybe the brush
and then we kind of just push everything
back cover it up a bit so no one feeds
it you can't bury it all the way though
what does that's pretty hidden it's a
big box so it still needs to have a
hiding act true puffing got the flag
here that's a hint
the flags pointing to the G oh right yes
I go that way guys I'm so excited to see
this goes I know I love our new fort mod
this is so much bigger now one things
we're going to do in the near future is
a 24 hour video out here what a lot of
you guys are leaving comments about that
- I just man this can be expanded on so
many levels this is only the beginning
of this guys
what did you say are your six I'm like
oh yeah I was saying it's kind of like a
new like talent out here because this is
like the main center like I don't know
City Hall you can come out here and you
can like claim a piece of land so you'd
be like like the old explorers days you
got out here bike this is going to be my
land from this stump to that stump yeah
look at all the property out here it may
sell tons of force up here how cool that
you know I'll be epic come back in a few
months and there's just a town a little
town people like building things selling
things oh we have our own currency here
somebody oh there's people down there no
should we go hide in the fort and see a
new biking here
I heard because someone crushed a stump
do you think they're coming they see the
fort I think they're talking about these
I think I heard somebody up there Riley
get close plus we changed the roof it's
a brown roof now so it looks like forest
sounds like at least two people they're
very near
yoo-hoo huh here come around the front
entrance over here
Wow our first visitor yeah how's it
going good Serrano for you who's
cornhole dude oh my god he has corkle
you find your way up here found the
trail and we just kept calling it here
you are nice yeah first people here our
first visitors named Grayson I'm Hayden
and they bought game see you guys this
is what it's all about
we've got the four gone they're already
expanding the community by bringing the
game yeah it's awesome
a little bit not hold on
it rained on me of this smaller yeah we
had to reinforce a much bigger roof a
time for some cornhole yes so this is an
epic and that they brought this here we
go all right fire away
better watch out for this branch here oh
man
okay I hit the branch oh I guess I can
oh oh yeah what goodbye bye
go ahead they're worth it on another
structure so it's gonna be two now yeah
they're like hopefully we'll see you
back here right I would be perfect just
our already building integers made a
good point
you're like standing right here and you
can't see it like with the blue tarp is
pretty obvious but the brown one just
kind of like blends in yeah time to go
back down the hill and how are San
people I'll just leave garbage in the
woods I mean come on
yeah and if any of you bring up snacks
or anything just pick it up hard yeah
look we have this little badly brought
so we're just going to pick it up
ourselves if you guys find it bring the
trash back down back at the house now
gosh I can't wait to see what you guys
do with the form and finding the
geocache it's going to be fun yeah we're
going to activate the geocache it's in
place we're just going to activate it
yeah so it'll probably link in the
description will give you all the
details about that and yeah I think
that's it thanks out to the bros who
found the floor already holy catalogs
cool yeah that's when you guys go up you
can play cornhole too because it'll be
there yeah so leave some comments below
you want to see us do next to the fort
of course and we'll see you back here
tomorrow a good night
you
