hey everybody welcome back to more Jase
- wow we got a fun blog today right
Andrew I'm so excited
huh what's happening we just had so much
fun in the woods a couple days ago
geocaching so we're going back out but
this time we're making a force yeah we
have a really fun idea and we noticed
that a lot of you enjoy geocaching and
so we thought let's make our own
geocache that you guys can find if
you're here in Colorado but also make it
like a fort - so it's like a secret for
in the middle of the woods and we
brought some friends along with us today
to help got Tyler here back at it we got
Nick hello and then we're meeting up
with Lucas as well so we're going to be
going in the woods to build the best
fort we can we need friends and we're
going to get it done so let's get some
supplies all right Lucas you're shut up
what about hello what do you got here
love's rope and stuff he loves drone Wow
hopefully it doesn't rain but we're
stopping here at Walmart we're going to
get a tarp for the fort she's not huge
rope 24 feet by 40 feet could gasps
here's some $2 ones yeah there's a six
by eight and some rope we need this
today construction board ah check this
out give me everyone chairman
he's mowing the lawn on a hoverboard can
we made it up here guys gonna be
somewhere in here Mount Hermon Road off
of Mount Herman Road we came here for
the last geocache vlog whoa
don't worry we'll tell you guys where
the fort is and you guys can come here
and check it out we're trying to find a
spot it's starting to rain
crap get the tarp open hurry before we
have nick's carrying the shovel okay
okay
wanted yeah what's that sound
take cover so we're trying to make this
fort and geocache like really off the
path because we want it to be like
really secret where you guys know where
it is and if people really want to find
it they can go off path but we're on a
path right now but this is too obvious
so we're literally going in the woods
you found a good spot let's go see we
found seat doesn't work Oh what was that
well okay what'd you find
well since I'm the big tree we're going
to use that as like an a-frame
hang the tarp over it cut off all them
limbs in there then we got a little fire
pit down there yeah so some people have
been up here got a lot of dead trees so
help for making you know everything's
stable what do you think edger
use that tree and put all the wood up
again yeah like I'll cut off all the
wings like on the bottom at least yeah
you guys amazing
the thing we have a tarp yeah Nick just
pulled up the weather report as you can
hear we weren't really expecting this
but check out where we are
that is coming right our way
oh no no build the fort faster if you
can go higher
that'd be evening - yeah yeah yeah
we're trying to set this up first so we
can avoid the rain Oh money
the storm has an ID my children's out
there a science coupe
whoa don't blame at this short lift is
we need to get back to building what
what if we were living out here lots of
fresh water draining from out of the
rainwater tank it takes wonderful
we got to make a funnel come on okay
hello taking a shower
okay it'd be the water flow I thought oh
here the sun's coming out this is
looking so cool we're making a natural
roof let me show you before any comment
er we didn't cut this tree down these
are just the branches let's fill I've
perfect but we're using our ancient
ancestors technique of keeping it dry in
the fort oh I love this it's gonna be a
Christmas adventure inside right what
what are you doing hug really about to
in my ear that's alright we're trying to
make this for it look as camouflage as
possible so when bystanders are walking
around they won't think anything when
they see this no nothing at all
especially not with a blue tarp okay we
got to cover that up too we're probably
gonna have to get a bigger tarp because
this one's a little small working on
raking the inside making a little chill
zone in there Brittney's your project to
make the tarp look like just a tree oh
yeah you're building the roof now yeah
so we want to build a fire but we want
to make sure that there are no fire
bands here because if so can't do it so
we wanted to show you guys just in case
you guys are wanting to build fires to
wherever you go make sure you check the
fire band map zoom in remember yep so
blue is band yes down a little lower we
are it really great good for Malik your
your corner so zero band fellas yay
to the fireplace fire so part of this
fort we got to build our own fire pit so
digging a deep hole
safety first right guys
yes new advertising thank you have you
done this before there are many many
mentioned is a new way to do fire pits
is called plaster hey knock it off what
is the like exclamation of this holds
the rocks in place or the fire demand
they get out of hand
thanks domain cuz here in Colorado we
have bad experience with pliers come on
she's smoking you don't beat there we
are
ouch hi Dirk wait pretty more there we
go fellas
oh I wish you would let me cut it
this is my first time flying the drone
but Andrew here thankfully knows how so
virtual practice flight in let me catch
it
ah we did hope you guys liked those
drone shots whoa
12% Justin did a good job and we're
chillin by the fire we're talking about
the whole reason why we are up here is
to put the geocache somewhere here and
obviously to continue building onto this
fork injure what is the plan number one
we want to get a bigger tarp so this
will be here for now but we will upgrade
it next up we're trying to decide if the
geocache should be like just in the fort
or I should get a kitten somewhere
around the fort so what do you think
yeah we don't have it right now so we
you guys should leave some comments and
we'll look at them and we'll come back
up here and you know keep adding on to
this and if any of you guys live here in
Colorado if you want to add on to the
fort epic we can make this like a huge
city of three-fourths if you're
interested if you like that idea - we
want it to be like a village I mean we
got a little 3/4 like in Star Wars yes I
love everywhere we are going to figure
out we got to drop a pin but I think
we're we're going to put the geocache
somewhere in the main area where
everything's hidden let's pull out maps
and drop a pin okay so here's where we
are right now and here is the latitude
and longitude for you guys should do
geocache stuff in the middle of the
woods and this is the only way you can
find it obviously as we continue doing
these vlogs we're going to give you guys
the actual location on the app so you
guys can come here but this is what is
the fire has turned into a mist machine
like
right what's down there Oh own this is
something you did Americans it's like
mobile backs ah is warm I don't know why
we haven't like checked out the fort yet
for pete's sake everybody get in here
SWAT hey guys guys thanks dad
plus it's kind of waterproof dudes in
the fort we didn't really get to test
that this I was waterproof to stop right
invite your chores you know oh man okay
we're doing a house tour with this
machine what does this tell well this is
a DJI Osmo it is designed for gimbal
movement stuff so like the drone
basically
we are going to head out now from the
floor we're trying to come up with four
names right now the best one we have
come up with thus far is fortress forth
space Trish get it we're going to
continue the vlogs here we're going to
be coming up here often and we're going
to put the geocache down soon so yeah
yeah so leave comments on geocache ideas
and then also fort names because I'll be
up next will come up I'll make like a
banner and any other mod you guys want
to see us do any additions leaving the
site and we're going to next time our
plan is to leave some marks for you guys
who want to find this like on the trees
like was like camo duct tape or because
it is kind of like up in the middle of
nowhere
yeah who brought this up here and look
there's like a wire gate yeah it's like
an old ladder that's so cool or for two
powers no you can use this next time
oh really
result this is the end of the video
thanks for watching yeah guys that was
epic
yeah wow I can't wait to do more mods on
it and stuff
oh yeah leave comments down below of
things and we'll read those things and
apply and we'll see you next time good
bye hey good luck
