well hey everybody look back two more
days do another day another vlog and
you're here to join us along with
today's adventure Andrews eatin some
lunch I'm so hungry
you know chick-fil-a guys how can we
pass up
chick-fil-a I didn't get one yesterday
so it's okay I have one today all the
longtime fans know that ang and I have
done occasional fan mail opening vlogs
and we kind of have slowed down a bit
and I don't know why because now we have
some massive amounts this whole corner
and keep in mind these boxes are just
letters but I can't even count all these
ah so yeah we don't know how we're going
to get through all the letters to be
honest but what we want to do today is
open up all these big boxes because
these are a little more easier to get
through I'm not saying we're not we're
going to neglect these letters because
we really appreciate you guys sending us
stuff but we have a lot of boxes as well
you excited about this Daisy there's
probably some for a snack and it's funny
too because you guys have such a
hilarious sense of humor you guys know
that Andrew and I are really goofy but
some of the stuff that you guys have
sent us before has been so random cool
and odd so I don't even know what to
expect with these boxes do any clues no
so let's get into this put the boxes
over here so we hint
so fan art we've got some pretty big
boxes and there's a few other smaller
boxes in that box I don't know if these
are presents or a prince Oh what do we
got out of this box whoever sent this
Bobby I think 18 dollars she spent ah
bro let's see what's inside
when do you send this I feel so bad
I said get that ah man or the note hello
Justin Andrew and their extended
families how are you i hope this no
finds you oh my name is Bobby I'm from
New Jersey and I've been watching for
about a year and three months thank you
for being amazing role models and for
never compromising who you are
you represent Jesus so well and then he
left a Bible verse at the bottom here
Matthew 5:14 through 16 bro yes now what
did you put in here though whoa whoa
whoa whoa hey Brittany
fan mail present for you from Bobby he's
for your miss beauty mark venture I know
I told him we're gonna be using it more
now you're happy about that case is my
first win stuff like pickle mingling
with my logo on it how cool is that
so these cups for me and you I hope yes
oh that's your mother for my mug there's
me and you Britney and me and just some
father's oh I'm cool what's on the me
mug ah it's me and my wife mug yes this
is going to be my new coffee mug that's
cool
Bobby you rock bro thanks so much I'm
open up big Carl doesn't weigh that much
I'm wondering what could it be someone
can open this box
please god I put the whole box and tape
motor she's over here whoa yeah
snack party well what's that hi
there's so much cool stuff in here no
I'm kind of I like hey you letter
what is this yeah we always got to read
the letters first you're more dist you I
love watching your videos my favorite is
the 24-hour fort and the cruise vlogs
whoa
keep up the good work Ron Chris involved
Amy money you know ah I knew she was
going to smell something this is a snack
for you just calm it down but what is
this is this for your door I don't know
more Jase two four four four four be
calm and build more forts you give us
omega-3 stop - Chris you know us so well
Epis and bonito chips candy thanks for
the treat Chris by the way we're adding
the stuff to the snack cart this is
going to be the official game studio
snack cart Chinese chips good idea I try
Oh black bean chips honey - boy BBQ hmm
a little good Jeff all right well at
school they wrote on the box oh wow
so say for rings more Jesus is so is
this present or prank so this is plus
notebooks full stuff literally we got
tons of jolly here's a note your doesn't
and your hi my name is Marin and I'm
nine years old and I've been watching
for ten months
you're my favorite youtubers can you
please read on camera send you a little
box of things I hope you have a great
week like you know lots of drawings with
our logos cool design man I must have
taken a little terrors and they're in
the back this was point this is a song
by the theme of jingle bells more j-su
more J's do you make pranks and vlogs
and you also make force more dick do is
I like it
what's in the box there's look at it
everybody wants to know
show them what was in the box we custom
art project done by Maron
so MA and JB if you can guess what that
means and then this is letters
deston both your to thank you so much
for the crappy box this box is fragile
so I was like yay what is what whoa whoa
whoa
yo this is vain Studio worthy right now
is up immediately to Oh wall there's two
of them what question Colorado sighs I
love that that's where we live hello
joseline you my name is Ryan I'm 14 I
live in Alabama I love your vids and
have fun you guys are Congrats on buying
a house Justin I hope you had a good
time in Uganda thank you Andrew hope you
had a good time Mexico thank you
I've been watching for about a year but
subscribe to both your Channel six
months ago I'm a also a Christian and
love that you guys share who you are on
YouTube you guys got me into geocaching
and super fun hey Brian this was amazing
Ryan I'm glad you had fun in Colorado
thank you for these gifts that's just so
cool this is another big go he no is it
heavy not as heavy as I anticipated eyes
box Oh guess what there's another box on
the inside ah
please read on camera okay right oh
leather like a year ago is not man it's
about time to send another I know how
you guys like to be healthy so enjoy
these awesome snacks since you guys
always get junk food what no we don't
know by gosh max what is this to help in
a quick I can't tell you how excited I
am
please please please please please
what no way oh this is a fad Wow Wow
distraught these are for snacks we got
skinny pops Oh rescue it and the Boulder
Canyon chips man yo tip dude big bars
call Billy crisps oh Mack honey this is
so epic your hiya Mack collection we are
going to be putting all of these
properties up here thank you
your justice in reading video Andrew
look oh I love your YouTube videos in
Washington every day my name is Cooper
I'm 12 I hope you enjoy the things I
have sent from Cooper yay let's take a
look um bookmark a deck of cards
put some nerf bullets this must be rare
for this box step oh wow I just like a
high-powered nerf moded oh that is
powerful
Lily Oh by gum people hey yeah kinda
feels like a bouncy ball
Cooper thanks for the box oh yeah a
biggie cube what Oh
huh finally got this box over those
taped out the wazoo wow this is picture
us but Lee dear Disney Studios I really
love your vlogs and pranks never wash
them says you guys are still roommates
with i sexy and stuff Wow super Larry a
long time ago I sent a letter when I
said I was going to send you a box of
snacks and it's been a year and I
finally got around to it so here it is
hope you enjoy Japanese snacks and pop
this is the image of our video which his
letter is in here oh man what is this
urgent mochi balls oh no we got that
chocolate banana pokey yeah Wow lot
these are rare Japanese snacks by Carter
righteous thanks dude
my name is Levi and I'm one of your
biggest fans
what in the name here Jace - I am
sending all this stuff because you guys
are funny and you make cool forts from
last you are one of my favorite
youtubers dude a custom Jace - Jace -
hat yes - taking a hat off and put this
on man what are you guys if we make
custom assets like this would you buy
them houses for this hey do I get a
custom Hatter
oh man I would buy one if you sold those
Andrew don't coyotes I like your videos
better so here it is and this mock haha
Levi thank you for taking the time to
send this stuff we really appreciate it
you can't be in one of our biggest fans
hey we're at my house now anyways take
it away we change clothes that's awesome
but check it out guys who opened this
Andrew ah some feel bird look without
here he somehow smelt oh I didn't even
see that
dontrey you missed it there are you
little worm when are you going to learn
boy okay anyways let's get some letter
sorry what sounds like you can blame
this buckle there you go if you put dog
treats in the packages there's a chance
they get opened by somebody else okay
there doesn't an Andrew my name is
Maddie and I'm from New York
I've been watching for your videos for
at least four to five months I'm 14 my
favorite video is falling out of the
chairs Andrew your trip to Rwanda looks
spectacular they had a lot of fun we
hope your risk is there soon it is man
look guys I don't got the thing on
anymore and then you can move it sort of
mobility right now appreciate it keep up
the good work
psi hope Daisy and Buford like their
gift make sure they share the treats you
selfish little bean I got to get in here
before us to share this for Daisy oh yay
here's the ball of handbag so far our
money donation money from you guys not
sure how much we got in here I don't
know well count soon he included
Hershey's candy we got hot tamales well
Maddy
we appreciate the letter and sorry you
ever get into it but you have a cool box
finger
this one says on the front cards inside
what I'm getting pretty excited whoo
whoa my name is Luke I'm 12 years old I
love your blog's my favorite vids are
all of them Wow included is a bunch of
cards take a look at the e see if
there's any super rares and also this
looks like maybe a homemade top these
are all hockey cards never had those
before the other thing else never stop I
love you guys Luke thank you so much
yeah Wow an easy open box Merry
Christmas
hook assist 2016 now oops
whoops sorry here Jace video hi I'm Lily
and I'm 8 years old I live in Florida
dad we got an epic iPhone 7 phone caves
whoa whoa two dollars and three cents
yes for the Baldini foundation that's
what we're straight in it
Wow thanks so much for this you know fun
care package we're sorry for the delay
but hey we appreciate it
dun-dun-duh Andrew what's happening four
more days - this one's got a spongebob E
wrapper
now check this out what Bay I'm saying
no way what slavers block chair iam
black charity so give me this let's
crack open well Cheers
whoa whoa whoa whoa oh I will not spill
that's gorgeous oh you can never go
wrong with a fresh day bubbles I'm
already loving the package oh wait
there's more
really gummy crawlers and this which I'm
about to read to you all this is more
juice to hash like diapers like boldness
oh that's fun ah fun coop marry a new
Aaron just in Brittany anyway my little
baby sister off where's it all anyway
starts off extra hey sup guys I'm James
and I live in the Chicago area of
Illinois I really like your bid
unfortunately I can't subscribe I don't
know why if you're wondering I still
have to like button give you views
that's good right right anyway my beard
videos are all of them again Lucy making
them a remember a long time I only
watched more just you not JC Studios
mm-hmm
it's okay I still love your vids my
favorites are rafting in the bounce
house 24-hour Walmart geocaching and
Raptors with ps4
laughter questions pleasing into them
all on camera who is rash MIT how do you
know that rats I just adore you suppose
name his name is hard to spell but is
like rats MIT but he's a Swedish
filmmaker and we became friends and yeah
like making short films he's a good guy
his name's Rasmus Rasmus so we call him
Rasmus right
Ras rash myth freshman where did you
guys start making vids
I don't know we made bids before YouTube
so
how did you guys meet oh we neighbors
and I'm really glad you're both
Christian oh yes my friends you're
awesome encloses five dollars and one
cent for bald Andy yeah oh cool thanks
here you go oh this is heavy I know
we're just going to help a lot of people
guys thanks for all the donations James
thank you so much for watching
glad you enjoy the videos and thanks for
the snacks so keep us hydrated so this
package has no letter has two books the
the core on the Quran I know I never
read that so I appreciate them in the
books like we have said before were
Christians so I read the Bible I want to
understand that as much as I can so that
when people come to me and tell me about
the coin I can make a well here's what I
believe in a respectful way you know
what I mean so that's the best thing I
could say about that
do you Justin Andrew you are awesome I
live in Nebraska I'm nine and have been
watching you guys for old for for one
and a half years you should do more
drone videos I want to drown with my
Christmas money I want a Nintendo 3ds
one for Christmas from being yeah we do
need to do more drone vids I don't know
what this is oh cool yeah Daniel thanks
for the letter I hope you got what you
wanted for Christmas this is Angry Birds
Wow look at the back okay you are one of
my favorite youtubers I like you for its
keep on doing for us here's a dollar for
the bald
Andy foundation and check it out it is a
cool drawings here we had a dollar more
just to Julio's
check out that uh psyche of the
thumbnail the 24 hour video a piece of
artwork drawn by Edgar himself with two
skills are you ready to see this artwork
by Edgar done oh nice thanks man let's
go say John at the bottom yeah it's just
John I thought it was Edgar but it says
John so maybe not
come back this is a note where are you
dad
stairs or out Jake found dad yeah my
name is John please text me well we love
reviewing you know a whole night artwork
as you can see Andrew on his wall he's
been putting up a bunch of your guys's
letters and stuff so yeah we'll add this
stuff to the collection appreciate it
bros final two boxes I think these are
from the same guy to the best card
this one's wrapped up so we'll save him
for last dad hey Andrew and Justin I
guess this is your Emma and I heart
Broncos - right here's cards and then
this is the best card so let's take a
look what this could be
I don't know who that is
really maybe they like I thought they
all do alright because they say I like
Broncos too and it's a Raiders this is
not the best card
ah dear murder still I love watching
vids my favorite drink is called ice the
best is kiwi strawberry you should try
it you put this in quotations for I
thought I am a Christian I found your
vids by looking up clown siding Oh what
lets you find our vid though oh no we
got some cards and a coin well how much
so we got just uh you know we got some
cards here bro you put them in case is
good an old Joe Montana and just some
ooh wow or no of course as always thank
you guys for something it's the letter
but we don't got any more packages now
so is this the end of the fan mail
current did injured yeah since we don't
really have any more packages I guess
this is the end but I think you guys
should all know that the address RPL box
address is in the description of every
single video so I know we get a couple
messages here and then like hey how can
we send you letters just check out the
description yeah
and don't be upset if we don't get to
your letters right away because as you
can see some of these have been sent
last year oops we have a lot to go
through so we're sorry yeah but we do
read every single one of them and
appreciate all your support yeah so if
you guys enjoy us opening letters please
leave it a like if you want to see us
two more of these certainly will so yeah
we appreciate it guys until next time I
guess
