well hello everybody welcome back to
more days - how you guys doing how did
your weekend go hope it was good the
weekend is a time for fun and relaxation
and family barbecues
anyways no homework you should have
maybe so recently we did our first RV
mod but we still had other projects we
didn't get to finish so today we're
going to be finishing it up and stalling
the products we bought we got a little
tool here that should help us take off
that wallpaper that wasn't wanting to
come off yeah geez so let's go inside
fix
guys isn't our door just incredible I
mean just check this out ah boy you
can't even close it from the inside I
mean we're living the fast I don't know
what I'm saying no you don't know look I
have to show you the hack you point this
good grief alright here we are now all
the screen closes did you know that no I
opened it up and no bugs gonna get some
fresh air Wow
so there's the wallpaper folks bring in
the steam Matic we need water
oh yeah putting on the suits
we're not like 100% sure how safe it is
currently current status so before we
get to the wall andrew has a thought so
I was trying to think of what to do with
this section then we have this extra
plywood and see it's already kind of
like framed out so this would be super
easy to like get some plywood some nails
ruin it you can make like something of a
better looking box like a food pantry or
something oh thanks yeah you see what
I'm saying that's a good idea now let's
see how this works
huh
how does this watch the corner it's not
hot though I don't know that's supposed
to come hop on what eventually I think
see how it's kind of working
okay okay so this steam bath thing isn't
really working
so what go oh we're gonna be using the
chalk paint and just paint over the
wallpaper and see if it'll work stop
judging us go we don't have a
screwdriver either so this is a great
idea I thought I know we have high hopes
right yep maybe we'll have to do
multiple layers but cover it up that's
why you can be so happy about this I'm
very happy about this this make it look
kind of good yeah now last time we
actually we didn't get to do the flex
seal on the roof so that is stuff we
have to do because we don't want any
water coming through and I knew ceiling
goes uh-oh you can kind of see the
wallpaper through it but second coat
would be good yeah we got plenty to so
yes don't worry guys by the time we
finish this well do before in the after
shot and you won't be able to recognize
this thing right oh that's the hole it's
looking pretty good so far yeah I like
it
looking pretty good so this is coat
number one we're gonna let it dry and
then we're gonna do the roof real quick
and see how that goes nice we can open
this oh the knife where is he
here he is so our other concern is we
don't know if two people on the roof at
the same time will what's gonna happen
so this is kind of like an experiment we
just stay in
different areas yeah don't stay on the
same spot okay okay can you get through
there boy does this roof look so
beautiful
really I'm coming up this ladder just
falls apart I'm trying to get up I
wouldn't doubt that so yeah guys take a
look at our a-plus roof somebody just
spilt all tar all over it and I think
they may have submitted this RV to like
a show festival for like beautiful RVs
man I'm full of sarcasm today all right
so we're on the roof where do we begin
guys guessing where all the nonsense is
at right yeah so we took out this thing
that was below it right and clearly the
covering is letting in things and open
up the sauce boss okay I'll just dump
this on the roof yeah so we're gonna
fill up these holes I don't even know if
we'll be able to it's like metal is
broken but
well here's your choose your weapon you
say we're over here no I don't know
let's try this spot fast very clunky it
turns into plastic
we're so smart yep so you get when you
hire a company like us to come work on
your appliances or cars
oh we do appliances yes remember oh yeah
we just updated our business models it's
just it makes the roof look better - and
it's got this Glock all over it yeah not
only is it for sealing it's
aesthetically pleasing
you can still see these holes so can
water still get through them yes all
right perfect
so where are you going to start now
captain just over top of the already
black stuff all right I think we're
about done with what we can do up here
so as you can see we've sealed all
around there's just like problems that
we don't really know how to fix like
through simple there's little holes
everywhere
like there's a hole it goes in the
bathroom that's the it smells in here
escape hatch so we probably need to put
more tape on this there's a huge hole
right here hole right there yeah so what
to come back up here and put like
coverings on the holes but like the
leaks I think should be good hoping
danger is now putting on the second coat
it's looking good yeah don't be able to
draw on that yeah yes there's a wide
shot folks yeah that's good good
especially if we draw on it so see this
is uh above good yeah rain could leak
right through this yeah literally this
thing isn't even doing anything fix that
great what are you doing boy well
it's time to install our fine marble but
we can't get this sink up we don't even
need it so that's why I was measuring
the sink on the back that way we can
just cut it out good that precision will
this work seems to be working
the battery's dead man okay if you guys
remember we found this fire extinguisher
from the 70s in the RV so we're gonna
see what happens when you push the fire
button
in 3 2 1 needs a recharge oh really
I thought I thought I was gonna do
something since it wasn't fully drained
well it did do something look let's get
an instant replay guys like give us your
best backflip impression
that murder
no well on the positive note the
chalkboard wall looks really good
well I can put the plate back on and I
look like a finished product right there
we go finished project yes
Great Scott we're back home this RV is
quite the GZA you can fill in so many
words there yeah we're gonna get it
running soon though so be excited for
that yeah we're glad that you guys like
watching us kind of like behind the
scenes work on it it's gonna be worth it
once we get this RV adventure going it's
it's gonna be fun but on other news in
other great news what do we have for
them dudes we just hit a hundred
thousand subscribers on a gaming channel
and my goodness wasn't set up
we've been playing fortnight we've been
live streaming so thank you guys if you
subscribe to us then we live shame in
some more yeah so if you want to come
over there and watch it's it's fun yeah
but thanks for watching today hope you
guys have a great rest of your day bye
bye
