what is up guys welcome back to more
jesu I am so excited for today's vlog
it's going to be so fun I'm just waiting
for Mary to get home from work and then
we can begin today's adventure as you
can tell I'm just excited because I said
no we have some fan mail that we're
opening so fan mail vlog coming soon yep
you heard guys what's going on I'm
getting nervous
today we have our next baby appointment
so this is another ultrasound and in
this ultrasound they will be able to
tell if the baby is a boy or a girl
what Buford it's literally been raining
every single day for like the past week
I just want summer back guys I'm not
ready for her to get cold yet our first
baby appointment was pretty emotional
I'd say just because we'd never been
through that before this is our first
kid so obviously it was new and just
pretty mind-blowing so this next one
that we're going to in a couple minutes
I'm just I guess I'm a we're pros now
since you did it once know what to look
forward to what to expect folks the
eagle has landed she is here to pick me
up let's go run away there that was work
today okay
that makes it good but just for a little
update Mary was actually in California
all last week they're taking our family
and going to Disneyland
I was digitally and by the way it's on
all the rides we didn't know if they're
pregnant you can't ride a lot of the fun
rides and I because I might ride
anything is a little mermaid and I'm
like student train I didn't even want to
take him on it because it's for like one
year old
really yeah it's the slowest rides they
have and it is his favorite ride I was a
little surprised because Isaac loves
Star Wars but he didn't want to do that
Jedi Academy he's shy
he's kind of shy he likes watching it he
didn't want to be I bet if I was as you
to death channel so here you go well
that's your shirt Star Wars meeting with
Henderson Eddy
so not the envelope thing go ahead lie
down there your favorite chair and then
I kind of look down low and look at that
vendor on 245 feet per minute right now
so that looks good just have a baby's
head I'm just looking at some brain
structures that I routinely look at so
where it's seat and so the feet are all
the way down that's kind of upright that
elated
have you felt like a knee kick Satmar I
don't know like does it kick it oh yeah
I don't know I felt like no fish is like
I don't know something to get my kick up
and once a while I don't be like a
wall-sized on the other side yeah
Oh how many weeks okay one your due date
is the 25th yeah yeah but I'm gonna
leave behind it is 20 now yeah okay it's
just wiggling everywhere it's developed
now is just the fact of now getting more
mature and getting ready for delivery
exactly you guys want to look away is
this where she's going to figure it out
what it is yeah okay look wait so we can
tell the wait it turned to tell how long
they're because they grow up so much
this little one is 12 ounces and just
measuring two days bigger which is
really normal to do day we give you a
plus or minus three days anyway cool so
did you see the gender I did call you
back for the rest of your appointment
and we will bring you off the gender
envelope okay perfect thank you thank
you that's it envelope a the envelope in
the picture oh my goodness all right
here we go it's in this envelope we're
not going to open it for a couple weeks
we're going to have a gender reveal
party so we'll have our family and our
friends come over to our house and then
just have fun have a party and then
we'll reveal it but so I asked you guys
because you guys are pretty creative
what are some fun ways we could reveal
this gender I want to do something with
fireworks
I don't know how practical that is but I
think they'd be fun but just a just
leave a comment and any no pre-planning
look until you find out so why do you
like I don't know either
or yeah always type of thing but yeah so
right now we're going to target to look
at some baby stuff we have anymore that
any baby stuff yet even though we saw
some time till the baby's here so well
we have it that way this is a family
trip he's coming she's coming
who's coming I don't know and they gave
us some updated pictures
oh just thought of something we get home
we should compare these pictures to the
other pictures we have all that was your
idea - yeah I don't think they'd be
different though I get what this is this
baby's 1200
here's some stuff like what the colors
oh yeah you can look up reviews get a
good thing but using public darker wood
right
probably darker wood I don't know if you
get a rubber ducky you're the one
now we're gonna wonder like - I meant
for me these monitors oh man there's our
Sun because they all have cameras now if
you just get that one but no I love it
like the cameras beneficial I want a
camera that just sounds more fun
well is this like you can hook up to
your phone oh yeah that's cool you don't
realize how much stuff you need until
you're actually looking in the aisles my
dad had me bet made those deaf I need
these what you guys think should we have
a baby shower in a toilet paper port
yeah I'm just kind of looking at clothes
our baby's got to have oh yeah I his
jacket our baby's got to have a lost
swag okay oh my gosh this is awesome I
saw yeah I don't want to I need it is
that Daniel tiger no no gonna have like
real outfits like wear jeans not those
weird pastel colored leggings that oh
yeah so cute we should all get matching
onesies yes the animal one yeah yeah are
we so cool doesn't matter sister to be a
boy or a girl his child there's a murder
that no I was going to say he's gonna
like football and be a Broncos fan
badging shoot we can get Tim oh yeah
baby Tim's I just keep thinking well you
have times too because Amy boy or girl
Tim's but the easy a teaser stylish to
be so fun what started all my
growing growing growing so how big is
this am I looking at she says it's 12
ounces she didn't get like a link but
uh-huh she thinks she gotta wait happy
looks healthy yeah they said they said
everything looks good yeah she said
everything developed so the doctor knows
the gender but we don't yet yeah but in
the sealed envelope and there's an
Xterra back home now shows mom the
pictures she liked them but now we're
gonna do a comparison
so he says oh yeah you know what the see
it's tiny fun yes I compare it this is
like twelve point nine centimeters Wow
see this one just so say to like a
little your balls little this one looks
I can but better kind of like alien do
you like it same it's the same thing oh
yeah let's just figure now oh that's
cool
progress fellas a little disarmed yeah I
really like that it's not little anymore
like growing up so yeah baby get a
bigger you small you're not little
anymore it's just like he's just funny
it looks like like a little grin like
Hello
okay I find a good place to store this
envelope okay
we've also been talking about baby room
ideas and I think we have a really fun
one won't you tell me what it is we are
doing a safari Safari and Mary actually
got this in Disneyland so it's perfectly
with our safari theme thank you little
baby is it in booking but he's so
softball we also have like some African
stuff so we use our cow dung paintings
so I can go in a safari room and be like
authentic like Africa so I can go like
on a wall and then we have this flat
from Sri Lanka which isn't really like
Safari fish but they have elephants
there so kind of
your lion elephant are you done yeah I'm
excited safari II a giant panda but it's
like kind of cool right he can just be
there and be like guys I'm lost where's
my home your arm today I had a good
workout yes oh yeah we can put the first
dead animals he shoot up like in like a
bone pit like graveyard like in Lion
King the lie on top of them
yep one of the things Mary got me when
she was in Disneyland was this really
cool fidget spinner what was really cool
about it is it hey it lights up
it's a light-up Fidji so I'm playing
with this Fidji I spin it it lights for
a few seconds and then it turns off it's
cool but wait for this I got to get to a
dark room and I'll show you very dark in
here if I spin it as hard as I can
you'll see that it stays on and the
lights change so here we go
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa it's so epic
and that's going to wrap it up for
today's vlog thank you so much for
watching especially if you made it to
the end here just really appreciate you
guys support I think it's so fun that
we're able to share this epic adventure
with y'all and just seeing like the
process of like this baby just like
forming it just shows you how special
life is in general and how special your
life is so so so so so special so don't
forget that and we'll see you back here
tomorrow okay
so
