hey guys welcome back gorgeous - today
is just an unusual type of day it's like
raining kind of 50-something yeah it's
really cold out today guys we were kind
of bumming out we're like me and what we
going to do today and we were like hey
we should go geocaching if you guys are
watching for a while we and made a few
videos on geocaching it's this app here
where you search around and anybody can
do this in their city these are all
geocaches which are hidden pretty much
it's like a treasure hunt basically yeah
right final intense weather stopped us
from having fun outside today it's
summer for pete's sake we are going to
go outside weather this storm and find
some treasure for you guys are you ready
yes I'm ready let's have a good day Emma
geocache - first we need a gear up gear
let's go
I wish you guys could see this okay how
cool outside it is through these
before we start the geocaching
adventures you know we have to feel up
and get the food guys so of course
chick-fil-a you know we had to we don't
come here every day okay yeah geez we're
just finishing up our lunch or
chick-fil-a and we ran into the Wilton
hey hey guys happy dream but they're
soaking I literally quoted them this
morning super funny pay for something
today I'm trying a secret menu thing so
they have the new smokehouse barbecue
bacon sandwich but I got a spicy grilled
sandwich you know how they have the
spicy chicken why made a spicy grill and
it is good so if you're interested in
trying new things
whoa
Wow look at this view guys so we're
heading up to the mountains right now
that's the best place to go geocaching
cuz you're on the wild up here on Mount
Hermon Road and we're going straight
into the fog faster
we are now on the dirt road and it just
really raining so the best part
judgin eyes we have arrived
do you think we're going to need this
umbrella it's not raining now is it ma
is wet out here though oh great okay
what do we got
zoom in where are we
whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa up this trail
right yeah let's go that way
we've found our first clue
this is what it means though somebody's
been here
and the fire's out Oh way up up that way
okay we were just stumbling upon this
what do I do
no no spearing it yet we need to get
closer we found our first wild animal
guys it's looking at us intently we're
going to approach the wild creature very
slowly he's wondering who we are
should what do we tell him you have to
go introduce ourselves hurry he's
getting away go guys we want to see if
you want to be in the vlog man yes
not even 10 to the geocaching adventure
we found some wild animals what else are
we going to find
let's keep moving it's that way we're
360 300 350 feet away an exact bow kind
of looks like a mini fort and there
would be fun if we built the fort
somewhere and we told fans about it oh
we should and we can all build onto it
make it happen guys leave a comment if
you want us to do that you're getting
close it says right around here it's
like 50 feet maybe that way just the
right way is this a big one or a small
oh I love mediums because there's
different sized geocache there's altra
small which are very hard to find well
there's the big ones where a bunch of
presents are in I like those ones this
trail you can tell people walk on it
before I can't I don't know if you can
tell on camera but I can tell that this
is like a little path ah it's very wet
in here I'm looking I don't know what to
look for
Ethan I found it no way yeah here where
oh dude
yes yeah what could be inside
hopefully snacks or presents maybe a
gift card hoping to chick-fil-a at least
okay you got a ziploc bag of some toys
cars and animals I think this is the
note where we can put our names to say
we have found this okay log it up it's
pretty popular whoa 2014 in January this
has been here since dang kyndra but on
the shades here dude it'd be cool if
actually like left like you know prizes
and here like gif crash SPECT Oh
patronum yeah
now back to the trail some pretty cool
wildflowers over here the two that we're
on the search for the next geocache this
one coming up is an extra small in
difficulty is going to be harder than
that one oh just saw something
what is this a secret trail he's trying
to lead this down it was like a gray
squirrel there he is
what we had to find his house
hey don't started doing the portrait
that's what he wanted us to see yeah
well that was wild animal number two
within 50 feet well says that way
straight that way oh you found it yeah
this was an official geocache you want
to open this one pink got ourselves a
police car with the logbook but no hens
so oops let's see what the earliest data
is 2012 that one's a little wet and this
is a replacement one with this app you
can save and find the ones you have so
you don't go on IG little note to bury
and Justin has a spider in his hair I
wish you just get him off now no I'm
trying to film him see him whoa some
moment he's moving around get him out no
I hate spiders
if you don't get him out for five oh
he's climbing around look am I your hair
no no yeah okay he's gone
I hate spiders you look at glow in the
dark spider I did that for the vlog off
the path a little bit and we're looking
for clues this area has been walked on
because you all dis would on this side
is broken off so people have stepped on
this and the map says we're within three
four feet and this is an extra small one
so sometimes they could be in trees they
could be hanging on them like really
tiny no way I'm scared to go in here
other than there something's in here
hidden by a rock take a look
oh yeah what yeah of a good hide I love
that in the tree whoo Justin Andrew 7:17
hey it might be a cool view up there Wow
Oh pretty cool you definitely knows I
feel like summer looking down into the
valley we see something get your
binoculars out big right I think we need
to go explore it yeah soft brief on this
medium side gals we want to go see if we
can climb maybe family finds in there
but you found it check it Edie I can't
see whoo this was a big one it's in like
a military ammo case big what what is
that it's a magnet fine 2009 ding this
is the oldest one yet that was the last
one this one's four drawings which we
can draw one we found it they says I'm
going to draw something oh there we go
where'd you draw baby Gary first thing
ok my mind what is this nail polish
put some on now Becky oh my gosh Becky
good is it working no Becky no Becky
whoo
look what this one's the been the
farthest one we've hiked they included
an emergency blanket ooh which is a good
idea because look like we're just
surrounded by trees on a hill that could
come in handy did you say evil
blueberries down there the way up here
yeah I did see some something so we got
to take a look so this is where I seen
him we could - who's me yeah yeah what
this has he did see yeah it was close
oh it smells like poo looks like ah ah
ah I cut my finger ah here we are we're
on live Don me right now guys link in
the description if you want to follow us
um or doing a fun adventure right now
you're broadcasting some geocaching
blood found this this is so cool just a
perfect little birds nest yes we're not
going to touch it because we don't want
to you know another epic find in the
woods so we saw animals and now we found
a nest that's cool yeah check this out
what is this a geocache yes I'm here to
twist it oh this is awesome
what the heck dude did you see that I
don't know because you were just
pointing the camera like this way at the
ground and I saw this hanging in the
tree whoa ho 2014 someone found it
that is rare man aren't you guys to just
listen to the sounds of nature it's so
relaxing so oh yeah
are you doing nothing well that's kind
of a cool soundtrack for the woods
if you were just up just a little bit
more we would have been in the clouds of
Mordor well they've got to go to the big
white rock we showed them earlier
okay if I had a dollar for every time I
said man I wish we would have brought
the drone I'd be a millionaire oh there
it is we're really close don't know
where to park but there's a little side
part we can put the car and icy path
down there so let's go check our way
this is cool just a random little swamp
here that's disturbing
Wow oh man we lost across a log oh three
pictures don't fall now okay I did it
careful
no no no no Andrews got to make another
big jump over the puddle let's see it go
oh yeah we made it boil boy this thing
is a beast I wonder if there's any spots
around here we can climb up you will try
there I'll keep looking that's it what
is this looks like it's flowing the heck
you can get up there for a cool photo
shoot if you don't slip on the edge
Oh Jesse are you gonna fall into swamp
wow he did it
Congrats oh this is just like a puddle
yeah I thought it was flowing around you
still cool if you could just keep
climbing to up that I'm so strong I can
rip open rocks oh you're not impressed
yet check this out
we're back home now at the end of the
geocaching adventure blog Oh iris miss
geocaching god I'm so fun I don't know
what I do do it more often
you know being on nature I don't know
it's a nice little getaway I suppose so
if you guys want to do it try it out
let's know if you want to see us do more
geocache yeah and I hope you were able
to join the live stream if you want to
join more live streams checks out on
live that me it's in the description
top-line you download it and boom there
you go but guys hope you have a great
rest of your day you are loved and we so
appreciate you guys coming back and
watching our kids yeah so we'll see you
back here tomorrow for more fun
