well good morning buddy welcome back to
more Jase - boy oh boy is today going to
be a fun vlog we have driven up here to
Denver I am with the friends who's here
with us today let's take a look we got
Nick we got Jenna
we got Britney oh yeah we haven't shown
Brittany and Brittany and Jenna are
working together with their it's a whole
nother story you just got to follow them
but anyways yeah we're here elated
holy smokes have been to a theme park in
like two years or something like that so
let's go inside check out the ride guide
what'd you just say Jenna oh no not that
the other thing they give me $39 at the
door we got plenty on Craigslist they
always check before you go to places
like this because you never know get the
hook-up all these people are going to be
paying 40 bucks not today holy cow guys
never mind they're actually $55 even
better than it's
security
I'm glad we got here early they like
just open is always good to get here
early so you can get on the rice they
usually have the longest wait so I think
we're going to ride it
epic roller coaster person first we're
doing the mind racer which is this epic
spinny roller coaster legit feel like a
kid again
whew yeah firstly it's come about theme
parks that are just popping it on the
roller coaster just right into this I
have what's your name Denzel dude thanks
so much for watching anything you want
to say and my friends that one do it but
I did whoa we're going up you're scared
bro
hope I don't drop my car medal okay guys
see I brought my phone on that one I
hope you guys liked that little snapchat
it closes into my story so some of you
already saw that but it was scary
bringing your phone on a roller coaster
without on the cape on side please drop
it
okay this is a new one
this hasn't been here before I haven't
been in a few years it's the swings but
you go ultra high mode quick yeah do the
basket guys okay we are getting raised
up are you nervous a little bit
oh how hard how high does this go 80 19
stories what it's the full dude oh my
gosh this is insane look at that whoa
such a good view Wow oh it drops and
whoa Wow yay
did the view though Oh beyond James Hill
break I think um
ah how are you glad to go the time well
we have to leave now
they stopped the right because the Iowas
filled soreness I was still no filling
my
Plus by for a little bit rather get
making everybody get off but I just want
to get the police oh you guys bye have
fun
now we don't get to have fun we just get
to watch you guys out there's Britain
Jenna what thing is going fat dude oh
holy
guys would you ride this yes or no I
know it's either you got a year either a
really big thrill seeker or you hate
Heights and don't want anything to do
with right I don't know I kind of like I
kind of like like experiencing the rises
I you I love everything every role those
who ever ride
guys would you ride this yes or no I
know it's either you got you're either a
really big thrill seeker or you hate
Heights and don't want anything to do
with ride I don't know I'm kind of like
I kind of like like spearing things
arise without you I love everything
every role those who ever ride not scary
or fun 1 out of 10 it was like winning
yeah we want to show you how shaky and
old this rollercoaster
it's moving now let's ride it
alright guys so Nick and Justin are
doing that what do you call this the
lawful the port of Cali is that was
called again and Jenna and I don't want
to get wet so we're watching them isn't
there in the very front which is going
to be like so hilarious because the
front is back are the ones I get so so
they're going it's really really wet in
this water kind of like questionable
it's like very brave it looks so great I
have a matching like how cute is that up
to Lapland calplan we just kind of
things yeah
voice that you guys they are in the
front look at this Bathurst earth are we
dry man wetland I'm dating oh my gosh
here they come
Oh No
they called on the red button too cold
I'm so confused
there's flowers here but this is
definitely kale why do they have kale
growing if you can't eat it
guys look it's kittyland okay yeah
oh yeah
Oh what up bro you want some beer yeah
yeah hey can I get a picture yeah it's
about lunchtime now and food is calling
her name you guys wanted a proper
introduction of Jenna since she hasn't
been on the vlogs Brit who is Jenna my
ads well it's like we're yeah okay Bible
study group yeah and mystery rice is
frigging history so now it's like we are
on another I was unsure seasonings
together they're like some cool
surprises in the mix and she's being
taught in and like she has like the same
heart for women and basically we're just
there's a lot of cool stuff I got
working on and that's an aquarium area
in quick term tiny-home coffee shops
flowers and t-shirts and movement is
what they're about so you'll see in the
future as the things progress yeah
anyways you guys hungry
yeah move where is it once we got
chicken chopped salad oh yeah with a
kombucha and we got chips
Nicola chill didn't get through the fire
just get it in maple bacon
what the heck flavor is that I don't
know okay let's try to keep
oh that is so weird yeah I kind of tried
to say hi back
we're here with the crew what do you
guys got to say and shut up you heard it
first thank you so much you guys thanks
for watching the big bro what up
anything you want to say he watches the
vids as well right yeah they all came
here we actually ran into him a while
ago and he was selling stuff and now he
rented him here again so thanks for
watching did Nick and Jen are on her
right now there's a front I can't see it
but they're the very front
bactrim theme-park didn't film the rest
of the day because they had to drive
home and spring tire go into a theme
park it's pretty exhausting but I'm here
with the injured as well oh hey guys so
I guess this is where the end is
thanks for tuning in I don't have
anything else to say I'm just thankful
for you guys oh we have always and thank
yous yeah so thanks go back in we'll see
you back here for another fun vlog
tomorrow okay
you
