hey everyone welcome back to fourth
Friday round of applause yes thank you
thank you what's happening today Andrew
so a couple partners ago we did a new
style that we wanted to try a
hide-and-seek board that it was so much
fun and it actually did really well a
lot of you guys wanted to see more and
then we also did a Toys R Us sport which
you guys really enjoyed as well so today
just naturally we're going to combine
the two in boom hiding seek for
challenge in the store Swift friends
it's Nick it's Aaron it's fun and we're
waiting for another Nick maybe maybe
maybe man well if you chose uphill here
so here's what we got we got this camera
Andrew we've got to scare that one and
we got the spy GoPro cam and Toys R Us
actually has a lot less hiding spots
than Home Depot
yeah so it's going to be harder but
funnier we're always up for a new
challenge so we decided we're going to
start with playing sardine titan teague
basically so one person hides and the
rest of us have to go find them but once
you find them you hide with them it's
epic so let's play rock paper scissors
to see who hides first fellas u-verse
Nick Rock Paper Scissors shoot
Rock Paper Scissors shoo Rock Paper
Scissors shoot who wants to read me so I
just beat me now timbers Aaron who's
gonna win me okay
Rock Paper Scissors shoot Rock Paper
Scissors shoot Wow holy cow ah Aaron
gets three minutes to find a spot to
hide I get three minutes to find a spot
to hide okay guys who's ready it's ready
set go okay let's go
I really have no clue where to hide
because it'd be too obvious to hide in a
spot that they did in their other video
so I have to find a new one Hey found
the spot next to the pogo sticks now the
waiting speeds Oh Baron found a good
spot to hide we're coming form nope
a lien diapers
you found a good spot no idea where he
is
they haven't found him either I don't
know I can't find any spot you're ready
Punk oh oh it is Aaron I didn't saw this
guy Oh looking coffee no if you were
just a little bit more I would have put
it back that's so good thing look get
out of here you what man good spot we
were getting concerned right where is
that man yeah they found me
ah by the pogo sticks yeah it's my turn
to hide now and that's why it's good to
count first because when you're counting
and you're searching you look around for
good spots that you saw and I found a
really good spot I don't think they saw
either because I covered it up actually
oh no there's something back there oh
but there's somebody right here how much
time in the end twenty my work is that
okay we didn't really count continued
right
or no split up or though split up you
okay
trapping I have to find a different spot
there's people all over the place I just
slept in here dies not much space but
this is going to have to do it's kind of
hard to see out of here but you're gonna
see I'm walking by
nothing maybe you went back to my exact
spot now Steve that would be clever
let's go check is he in this same spot
oh man this is just harder than
anticipated oh I got the spy cam set up
guys the GoPro hello I heard it was
Andrea let's go around here since you
guys found me first that's how it works
we'll have to hide together we're doing
another new round guys Aaron's gonna
count and me Andrew and neck are gonna
hide we have 60 seconds died so do you
have any spots do it you have a minute
what up there yeah oh yeah that's hard
this is not bad
all three of them are going to hide
separately I have to go find all three
of those idiots
Oh No Helen I heard some kind of
commotion over here I figure diapers
would be someone's immediate spot and a
better spot laughs and they take it no
good reason who's this Jackie no ha ha
sing it okay aah that's two out of three
so easy
that's not conspicuous at all we know
that your keychain hanging out oh
there's a good spot so faster hi hi mom
can I call you back I'm building it
forward okay bye
wow that was a fun first round but guess
what we're not done yet nope we just
drive literally 0.5 miles down the road
and find pages are done and this looks
huge
we actually have never been here before
this yeah baby superstore this new round
neck is going to count so being in here
well it's not fully awkward cuz it's
going to be a dad but just looking at
good ideas good diaper brand all of us
armed were y'all are friends
yeah we're supporting me okay let's get
Calvin hiding okay we're finding some
pretty cool spots yeah we have a lot of
beds where do you put a blanket over you
yeah
good hi
yes makers go into the bathroom so we
have a little bit extra time put the
boodle have a small pointed
good lender yeah you know you look a
highly okay
Oh see you soon see you found a better
spot
Paul there's herring hide coast is clear
Oh closed is not clear Oh
coast is clear all right
dude touch a ghost oh hey pull up again
box the next brown box yes good
okay imagine this in that's about it yes
he'll never find us up here so it's been
three minutes
let's go fine whatever
I don't know nope I was right this is
really hard this place is like crawling
with employees I don't know where it
might be
Aaron's calling us hello
what are you find us I'm already hiding
I found you oh please don't be serious
or something yep it's pretty close to
this ladder was just like here and
you're still convenient way down have to
Cole but yet you don't already it oh
well give you pink by the bed by the bed
oh they're getting sweaty in there Oh
guys let's leave a like and subscribe
for my main man Aaron he won mmm
I know I thought we would definitely win
that one because we were up high
Wow Aaron sabotages us on accident all
of us have you mean all dial points so
yeah avatar yourself by babies or
ourselves a fun game and by Nick Nick's
going and that was a good game of
hide-and-seek what was the last time you
played hide-and-seek last time I was
with you oh dang it
ah I mean before that I don't want any
to played it since then
Wow I think madness has finishes you
what guys if you want more hide and seek
adventures please leave a like for us
y'all should follow us on Instagram
maybe if you want yeah links are in the
description but we will see you guys in
the next vlog tomorrow okay also you
guys leave a comment of what other
locations and hide-and-seek games you
wants to play okay or just for ideas
yeah okay bye
you
