well good morning everybody and welcome
back to more desu whoa hey doing you
what uh well hope you guys are doing
well today thanks for clicking the video
joining us
hey psycho pause/play haha anyways
today's vlog is going to be a pretty
chill fun any other adjectives describe
today rare oh that's a good word rare so
as you guys know and you're and I have
some things we like collecting one being
sports cards those are those are rare so
we have an idea we want to go get some
new cards and some other new things I
want to get some things for the gaming
studio which I'm in right now as you
guys know we got the gaming channel so
I've started to get these to put on the
ledge I got a few of them and I really
like these things they companies and
also side now I'm trying to figure out
if I should keep them in the box because
the box is cool and then a lot of people
who collect things think it's it
remember box yeah I know I took it out
right maybe you do like a pin box out of
us okay so it's like certain ones yeah
the most weird okay and I can maybe
mount them on the wall I just want I
want to know some of your guys opinions
as well how many of you collect these
things you can take a screw and just go
like right here to put my ring with him
I'll turn it okay that's a good idea so
I got four now I want to go around
because these things are actually very
popular I don't know how long I've been
popular but I've been seeing them all
over the place at stores and they have
some really rare figures all around
different stores so what I go see which
ones I can add to the collection and to
the room to make a cool Bank stores like
Target they have there
like rares it can't get any target yes
exactly stores we want to go and just
you know look around get some cards you
know do some exploring hobby collecting
so let's go oh right we are here at the
mall because the mall has a few places
there's like this new like toy store
that just opened up and hot topic
because hot topic some exclusives oh no
you know why closed on Monday I thought
there's more stores closed on Monday the
next Sunday yeah
I'm already seeing some this door is
mainly like for figurines and stuff
that's pretty cool as Ubuntu I have a
whole section back there he goes behind
that woman I see them are there any in
that cabinet for ultra rare yes oh oh
well I'll come back another day
it had a lot of years of the music but
check this out a whole wall no there's
so many there's one up there I
definitely want Peter Pan
he's an exclusive yeah
mr. Fred I didn't know this but they
just said they usually have one chase
which is like the ultra rare there's
only like like a different color or a
different stand but they don't have any
but this is good to know for future
notice we've made her way to Barnes &
Noble now and have a cool collection
over here but Justin went to the
bathroom so finally you're back I just
immediately but I saw Ernie over there
as well I will be getting those hood
bugs like oh here's a Barnes Noble
exclusive well this is exclusive - oh it
is Wow
oh yes Ernest Brad there's some cool
ones here I'm serious it's pretty dope
there's a whole bunch over there too we
can go over there hurry
yeah see Bertie and Ernie's which ones
you have so far so we got Bert
we got Ernie and we got shaggy from
scooby-doo oh man this day just keeps
getting better
you always got to keep your eye out
because I just have a random spots like
50% off oh here's some more start
walking this way like oh wait here's
some more she thought they were done
well that's kind of a cool - come on got
peanuts peppermint patty
Wow we have a 2017 spring convention oh
my goodness
yet again another collection well these
are all Harry Potter boys fantastic
beasts not bad trying to think of every
different style store we could go to
that were Happy's so or something by
here at Gamestop and maybe you'd sale
today
what oh my goodness holy dude they got
these two and the big ones King Kong
get that down bro
this is huge - that's cool
Annie's got the airplane having your own
copter are you kidding Oh almost the
must-have if you pre rest me you can get
a destiny one but also always be on the
lookout for price differences as you
guys know we just got this from Barnes &
Noble for $8.99 let's see how much it is
here Wow a whole $3 difference guys keep
that in mind if you're searching for
these and mcquoddy stickers - Oh Tommy
from Rugrats Oh guys COO because I have
a Reptar yeah I've ripped on the back
where is Chuckie though he's a cool
Andrew and I are stoked for this I can't
believe this we so long
11:14 though yeah you're gonna make some
epic gaming vids
with this one fine well stick also this
one this one comes out sooner fairly
soon actually Wow and because we're
doing this toy collection hunting vlog
we got to feel up I know we need a power
boost three or chick-fil-a wow the
drive-thru is always like
but inside no wine good call good hack
oh yeah you know we had to do it some
fries in the new smokehouse barbecue
bacon sandwich it's so good
lunch was so good you interrupt me
hinter and i were just talking about how
whenever you're collecting you're always
going to look for the rares that's true
you had at least one whatever it is but
you're collecting of that you can say
dude check this out and they go yeah
because like the stores were going to
like Walmart Target they all have like
these long Funko pop figures but those
aren't really the rares they're cool
very cool a part of the collection so
anyways if that being said back here at
the antique store I came all been here
and the other vlog if you guys watched
it and I member when I was walking
around here they had some really unique
ones I think you don't you can't find it
stores and they're like a little more
what I call rare and Andrew hasn't been
here either so let's go inside and see
if we can find any focusing camera
this is says only it closed 75th
anniversary Oh see see that's one so you
have some but you think they sold some
oh yes perfect I think oh gosh yes
amazing this is the one I wanted
htm' Taz
long cleans exclusive you all greens
nation winter is about lightsaber job I
don't know what this is but he looks
kind of cool
Touche turtle you ever heard of him no
he's 850 that's a good deal you find
something pokey rares this was ten bucks
the Dragon Knight
can you tell guys come in to antique
shops not many people know about this
but people have some cool items she said
there was another vendor who has them
that's in the warehouse but on the way
there we kept our eyes peeled and have
some here let's see any corns oh whoa oh
these are theirs Marvel Green Goblin at
full that's Walgreens exclusive again
that's pretty cool they just back off
mark
fire we got it I'll show you guys
close-ups of all of them when we get to
the house but I'll call a comic book
store and see if they have any readers
although this bombing hi do you guys
have any fungal tops or rares oh we're
going with others like just the more
rare like collectibles ones Oh Funko
pops yeah I can take all the ones I have
a first order to clone trooper Luke Cage
a Yoda in spirit Yoda and then Superman
and Batman Wow cool well that answers
that I guess here's one of them then he
says they have I haven't seen that in a
source and I think this goes in the dark
too Yoda not many do that
so that's unique you're looking at the
rarest of the Funko pops this one has
been going for eight hundred twenty
dollars what why I don't know that's
insane
alright so the other thing we want to
get is it box a football cards so we're
at our favorite spot
Dale's let's go check it out yes good
choice
oh why is everything closed on Mondays
yeah where'd you at home but they have
so many rares would you do about this
Andrew if only there was a way we could
teleport back in time to yesterday
let's try
three two one answer here we are at
Dale's picking up a box I'm actually
kind of excited because there's a new
NFL box that just came out honestly they
happen all again is the 2018 there
speech or certified okay Wow Hey hello
good are you this is the last of the
Destiny's starting it anymore it's all
the other stories really good you need
to get some more pack so you can battle
to have it we are who is it here for
autographs and memorabilia cards okay
you guys remember when Andrew got
literally like a jersey in every pack
yes I unheard of yeah I hear that in the
new 2017 what car are you saying that
like warning bad man I really ha man I'm
trying to think who all was in the draft
maybe like a Christian McCaffrey okay
okay so I'll probably grab that we can
look around though I have some stuff
like I have never even heard yes 101
dalmatians trading cards I'm still like
I always get excited when I come here
and see the original Pokemon packs
Paxton Otto I hope he starts folks me
too lots of rare beanie babies Rangers
trying to decide which of these boxes he
wants to get just a top one or the
bottom one one of them's got rares one
of them doesn't yep and so you just
found this card the next thing is flip
it up so his heads the top and tails the
bottom yes
yeah month two back yes
bottoms the bottom okay all right it's
decided we're back this yeah that
teleport that was very convenient and
worked out while I think when I was a
clutch move hey bud
wow these aren't your cards though yeah
back off but it is time for card
unboxings yeah man we I've been noticing
a lot of you guys tweeting us are
leaving comments saying we want more
Carta boxing's and he said okay British
box loss is like brand new my brand new
yeah zoinks hoping for immediate rear it
would be great
ash Amy Watkins not bad who added 999
there must be a rookie card ah ah that
fakes these all like holographics yeah
it's cool it's like a new style
something orange back here know what it
is Wow a Sam Bradford other 299 which
colors like the best yeah it's like
purple or green actually I think it's
green but Luke woo-hoo-hoo is Quincy
Wilson an auto hot of 99 with first auto
paw did you get down I actually don't
know who that is
that's the problem well you will soon
hopefully right yeah what if he does so
well I would love that
okay there's something here see that
down there what could it be
Jersey who's this whoa that's a dang
good patch look at that
triple alvin kamara color huh yeah
that's dope
I'm pretty sure the skies are running
back
if so if this is the Coulomb thinking is
this is a good card by the way also yeah
if he does well you can sell this for a
lot because of that patch oh man come on
okay holiday Wow by the Lions I don't
know who that is though he's looking
that you guys that's a cool looking
driven car like that one last pack I'm
hoping for somebody in the first round
just anybody in your mind right now who
do you want it to be guys think and
we'll see if any of you are right Joe
Mixon 9 Wow
yeah I guess right probably not this is
that not bad now we just got to wait and
see how these players do to see if these
cards value go up tenfold
I think there's Joe Mixon cards would be
good if it was auto that would be better
but it's ok alright show them the final
lot oh yes take it out doesn't they see
these ones I took out but I still the
boxes so I'm trying to decide if I
should put all these in the boxes or not
we will compare super stoked about that
one
shag scooby-doo and his partner in crime
right not bad and then another partners
in crime scene Bert Arnie which those
are just these are so cool cuz they're
classics they're nostalgic ok we got two
more
ok the one hiking's rare the last oh you
polish yeah we got the hot topic
exclusive Peter Pan you'll join the club
alright alright and then this one
probably my new phase maybe Taz from
Space Jam do you guys remember that
movie oh yeah and if not go watch it
let's put it there here's a close-up of
all of the friends which one is your
guy's fav
currently what do you think is your new
danger probably Ernie Ernie I like it
cuz he has his duck do I like this guy
because look he fits the video game
didn't seek us out and play video games
yeah he wants to play happily maybe box
is good that way you can like stack them
too if you want to do yeah check this
out blam cool much better yeah I do and
I think that's the end of the vlog today
folks yeah guys thanks for coming along
super fun for us and we want to know if
you guys have twitter follow us on
twitter and tweet us if you guys collect
these or for cards or anything you
actually collect you can tweet us my
camel what do you think about this tweet
out the rares show us your favorite we'd
love to check them out on Twitter you
have to chat with you guys so we'll be
there but you know leave a like guys if
you want to see more of these type of
videos you know us just finding cool
stuff like this and yeah we'll do more
of them okay well guess we'll see you
guys here tomorrow good bye
