guys welcome back to mortgage a few
blogs so excited wow wow you talk back
oh my good clothes is here where us hey
and the rest of the files are coming
soon but wow do we got a really cool
vlog today we sure do give them a quick
briefing on and we'll show you the area
cuz yeah what we're looking at right now
I am like in pure simple aw but we're up
here in Crested Butte Colorado like a
four-hour drive from where we live and
you guys some of you most of you may not
know Jacob but he used to be in the old
pranks anyways he's getting married
what about desperate where he is married
and this is the ceremony right and we're
groomsmen in the wedding so many fun
vlog to come yeah
but over that met anyways just turn the
camera on guys check this let's go up
there okay you need a better view all
right prepare to be in awe
man this is me this is literally it no
filters no nothing we're in a valley
down here I just wish the camera could
show it even better because my eyeballs
are just like those colors oh yeah okay
but this whole drive up it if you ever
come to Colorado come to Crestview this
is my first time here and they got a ski
resort it's surrounded by mountains this
valley thick look at look at the colors
yes ik it's epic okay so wait does it
Park down there holy what are we doing
right wait what this way there's stairs
but yeah so since we're in Jacob's
waiting we got a hole he rented a hotel
room or something we're all staying in
and going to be just doing some fun
activities and then tomorrow also is the
weapons I don't get excited for that
setup Barry as well yeah before people
come to this is insane this is has a
wedding now my goodness yes why can't we
just sleep out here with this sunset Oh
so we'll be up there tomorrow this is a
good spot they found ya how did they
find this no now to the playground dude
best playground ever you get a swing and
look at this children's playground guys
you want to play some quick games of
ground ease while we wait course I gotta
figure out I just cannot get over this
to you holy smokes
all right son practice Jacobs here
Colton's here what I called it hi hey oh
whoa we got Jess as well so time to do
the thing Somaly partner hey guys what's
happening I don't know what was it I uh
I think they are those the Coyotes out
again getting the cows uh uh-huh
they're gonna hear oh no Betsy oh we got
to go farther it's like 10:00 p.m. guys
because we did have to drive for hours
to get here mm-hmm
anyways we're here Walmart to get snacks
but you're going to see if we could
build a fort no we can't this is the
worst section do forts I might check out
different section but this is like way
out in the boondocks that'd be really
fun to make a fort here yeah I don't
think anybody's built before in this
Walmart
you're not gonna believe this our
favorite magazine is in stock chickens
oh man you've got to be king are there
any rares in here dude what rare
chickens are available what did you find
that ah is that Vaughn what give him
here now phone Miller Joe what up boys
we're in the room Austin show them this
bed I got ready for bed
wow what in the world this is just like
this but I'm not sure what's going on
yeah and how many people are in here i
my well okay when we're sitting at five
oh we're not backing this up slide J
Claire and Ryan hey there's Lucy oh wow
good morning guys we got four to five
hours of sleep so that's something
feeling refreshed so we're here at some
breakfast before we start the day
farmhouse eatery in today with Matt Oh
bernal's farmhouse eatery keep on
truckin this is no this is swell love it
cool breakfast and elk
Therese oh I've never heard of it bye
Joey
this looks pretty good I think
where did are we last leave off the vlog
we got on with breakfast okay so we just
had breakfast we uploaded a toy toy I
put that toy car mod and now we're going
to play some basketball with Jacob also
today is Friday and we did not blow it
out honey so don't be mad guys yeah he
doesn't have time to make a fort and we
wanted to but the Walmart here was a
little subpar but anyways and have fun
before Wayne ceremony this is where
Jacob went to school by the way
what there they are
John hello this is a pretty cool zone ah
Thank You Sophie ball yeah
what trick lean what trampoline let's go
play
oh man okay guys we have all our outfits
on we are doing pictures now in studios
here back again get all this we got C
shot like red looking at fresh you know
over here it is raining out so well
putting it sunny and reading up survive
yeah this is good not sure if it's going
to rain during wedding though that might
be bad oh oh oh yesterday Jacob is a
damn the first dances now it's time for
dinner and the ladies have arrived
bring it here in Mary's over here satin
Elaine and regatta fruit where your name
is good racket
Oh
what are you doing judge plucking from
the wind the moving of vampire on the
table
I'm filming so anything goes wrong you
got a viral vid I don't know who for you
right here building a fire back at the
house to the next morning four hour
drive we got in at 1:30 a.m. gosh those
quite the drive but so head for jig
bernzy was a fun wedding got to see all
the bros again and hang out we have been
loving reading all of your comments you
guys have been going hamp so many good
mod ideas so many good gaming studio
ideas whoa so just be on the lookout
next week Andrew and I we got a bunch
more ideas bunch more mods bunch more
vlogs so get excited we appreciate you
guys coming back and watching us and I
think I'm just going to leave it at that
oh thanks to this comment by the way we
appreciate see you back here tomorrow or
on Monday
good bye
hey mister hobos what's good Esme Glenn
join their mmm
yay NIDA hey here are my teacher no I'm
definitely not Holly
what am i doing
