well goodbye dialogues everybody and
won't back more Jase - hey ginger sack
yeah sorry I've been gone for a couple
days I had a wedding to go to in Las
Vegas so that was fun
sister-in-law Gompers and now we are
actually not today but tomorrow we're
going to another wedding where Hulme and
you are going to another wedding and
you're going to winning a wedding
that'll be fun okay anyways today's vlog
we're doing another toy car mod who's
excited me you guys have been enjoying
the toy car mods as much as we have been
leaving tons of great ideas great
comments and so what comment did we see
or comments did we see the white I know
a lot of you had this comment so here's
one but that underglow yes it's funny
because I in high school I had a acura
integra and I put under glow on it
inside glow and wheel well glow and it
went to the music and stuff and it was
so cool dude so this is going to be like
relive in some good memories and so you
know what to do I sure do okay so you'll
be the lead on this project I'll take it
okay let's go get some supplies okay
would you trip what fine
okay searching searching sir sir up sir
did you find it done dead ant dead ant
dead battery Oh blue good play the Sun
green blue is work are they working
right now
oh are they bad your truck I think so
there's like a little bit yeah yeah yeah
Oh should we get no and which cars is
going on white tailgate white we got
these picked out I got a blue one and a
white one so we're going to look around
and see if they have any other fun mods
maybe some other battery-powered lights
that we could install I don't know we're
just looking around through air
fresheners what that these are for a
bike but this will are perfectly real
bright batteries so they get those okay
horn we don't have a horn is this an AA
skank we could install you find a new
character yeah guys so this I just think
this guy looks cool
Batman to face they have a small good
section here
not too many different ones when the
last one from toys-r-us you guys watch
yesterday's vlog but instill some cool
character i want to play pac-man though
also this might be really cool to go on
it hey come on come on cool you later
now get to work i just opened the wheel
bright one and it's just one long piece
I thought this was going to be for two
wheels ah but this maybe we don't have
to put on a wheel maybe we can put it
somewhere else yeah that might be better
so and we got all the lights out we're
just trying to figure out because this
is confusing I have this button here but
it doesn't stay on for pete's sake how
do you do this I think it's made for
cars but because in here it says connect
strip wire to positive fuse power and
connect black wire to negative what
these things you don't have that we can
see if the car has it with its battery
what hopefully this is more what we want
yeah right install hey it turned on yeah
man glow mode activated yeah I love that
okay back on we go okay let's go install
pastor o this out this way
coach since we got blue lights I think
we should install it on the forward side
blue does that make sense what this
thing she'll work Wow we have a good
spot picked out for the blue illumine
illuminators yep
Wow easy bud oops
we need this to be accessible so we can
turn it on and off so yes that's so
perfect you're thinking out loud what if
you could go up here
what if okay here's an idea what if we
took a drill and drilled a little hole
right here that popped up and it just
all it is a little button for that good
where's the drill boy shape the screws
off where's you get under here
over here yeah anywhere and yeah Raheem
right here yeah here we go ready ready
hey you did it oh wow
yep it's just that easy I got to take
this off go oh no what right there you
think
okay yeah Wow oh yeah okay together just
more on the side problems more below it
that's okay now we can just take these
wires so you don't come yeah we got the
second button installed huh
come take come check this out what are
you doing ready for this
these two which are front and back being
installed how much you think this car
cost total it's going to compose $2,000
it's crap you are finished with it
that's our retail price well as you say
oh yeah we need a lift kit on this thing
okay you can put a bigger engine in it
yeah they need to okay
three twice what is you get a bed there
you go now push it
what this thing's fast man actually
enjoy this oh yes
ah
see you later alright bye
so what your thoughts on the Benz this
is really cool yeah that's what I
thought but that one has all the mods
yeah might be cooler this one alright
both of these installed we got the blue
we got the white back here you can kind
of see it but where is he right now
we're installing the interior light
system oh yeah check it add the zip ties
are working oh yeah oh right yeah I know
what you guys are thinking how are we
this cool and truth be told I don't know
it's looking so fun in here oh yeah okay
we got all the lights installed we're
going to take it into the house into a
dark room hopefully and it looks like
come on let's go
okay well that was hard I know it seemed
does not fit good house because we want
to see what it's like in a dark room
well okay guys okay get ready for this
we're gonna play some music and boom
boom it's going to be bouncing in here
wall sample for you turn on the inside
glow
okay yes dude yes now for the grand
finale three two one oh look I love this
dude we got to get some fake bumping we
gotta play some tunes for the fans come
on what okay
this is going to be fun to test out the
sound inside because it will kind of be
like a car experience because it's since
this car doesn't have like a inside to
keep all the sound it doesn't sound as
loud but and here whoa guys
Oh
this is way too cool and fun I know this
is awesome and I heard we brought this
to a car show maybe Andrew if we added
more colors yeah a little like a DJ
booth did you did we have to actually I
texted one of our friends who goes do a
lot of card meet up so that yellow is
there a Facebook page and he told me of
one that we can definitely go to the car
Meetup
it's always going to happen what other
colors you guys want to see it ad
because there's they definitely have red
so we can do that oh I just this is so
this is so clutch with the buttons just
right here yeah we just could have lined
a bun so we can go like you know oh my
gosh this is just insane is this your
favorite car mod yet question mark yeah
there let us know in the comments what
you can see is better oh hey Siri hello
there mr. glitz Oh
do you like our new car mod I really
have no opinion oh come on it's cool
look up more Jase - on YouTube you know
something a bit more deep - I found on
the web what is it
which one is it guys this is her face Oh
best well bit before ever let's take a
look oh and ah I love it when you're
driving
guys we got this here oh hello
good morning guys how are you me and you
are here at Walmart yeah and keep
leaving comments because we're seeing
them and we like them we're going to
continue doing mods and so we can not no
more all right well I guess we'll see
you guys back here in the next video
thumbs up if you enjoyed the mod today
guys thanks for coming back and anything
else no I can think of it hopefully you
made you laugh yeah have a good one
