good morning everybody and welcome back
to more J's - currently I am in the
gaming studio HQ if you guys saw
yesterday's vlog here it is if you
haven't seen it go check it out right
you know customize the studio I'm still
trying to finish it right now that's
point that's not going to be in here
it's just I brought it in here for a
recording because I already uploaded
some gaming vids late in the description
if you guys aren't subscribed to our
gaming channel if you guys want to watch
more of our content we're uploading over
there goop squad gaming whoa baby
but you guys left some seriously epic
ideas for this room that I definitely am
going to be doing I'm screenshotting a
few of the comments and going to try out
your guys ideas one of them was turning
this door in this area into a secret
bookshelf case oh that's just one of the
cool ideas I was like man what nothing
of it but anyways to start the day off
Andrew gets back from Las Vegas tonight
and we'll get back to some mods on the
toy cars and of course Forks we got some
just cool stuff some stuff in the works
like I told you guys about but today I
thought it'd be hilarious fun and cool
to go to an antique store there is this
huge I'm not even kidding it's like
insanely big antique store with a bunch
of like epic random items you can find
who's over there somebody's here
oh it's Nick guys I'm just talking about
what's happening today go into an
antique store have you ever been yes as
you never know when you go to antique
stores you can find some pretty cool
stuff there and maybe some cool things
that we can put up on the walls I don't
know so let's go a Brit say hey to the
blog
we're going to the antique store do you
have anything you want us to look for
for me yeah guys you know Britney has
her own studio as well what would you
call your studio like what's your studio
about what you're being super rude ran a
minute doing one dry mouth yeah anyways
thank you yeah yes you have a studio
it's like 27 dresses burton grew up in
there it's like it's like wedding dress
central so i got the game experience
she's not like the artsy Daisy would you
knock it off Artie creative so it's
photography studio so anything you want
to look for can you look for it um
something that looks like me okay yeah I
guess Britney's the ultra creative she
has all about like making things look
you know unique she painted this doors
white mouse yellow she's done on walls
so I usually like to get her advice when
I do like cool creative projects yeah
yeah American classics marketplace and
it's literally this whole building
that's antique and it goes back far yes
it's just such fun vibes here main
street what's rare items we are you know
my guys I just got a fun idea we should
make this like a series and like rare
finds at antique stores last time I was
here there was tons and I know they're
going to have him here again like dolls
some of them look very strange I'll show
you but look this is rare Lincoln Logs
Nick just found something really odd as
real exotic fur scarp but this looks
like human hair yes is what kind of you
know put it put it on she looks like how
what is this a lot of stuff here is so
expensive
Oh 149 now what oh we found a knife
section these are all zambie knives
could Google that's pretty cool call
these summer girls should I'm pretty
sure these are not antique switch it
spinners but I got some pretty cool ones
those
like I think you should get this and put
it in your bedroom my love
imagine waking us all yeah no Alejandra
my man that is literally a scary movie
doll what is this no guys potty time
baby always wanted her
how does it work includes potty bottle
dress socks diaper and storybook
it's your child's first nurturing doll
does it do though it goes potty huh nope
oh I got my cat
I think Sugarlips
invented the whip he did the first ever
saxophone whip if you can tell he's in
motion of it as a trumpet by the way oh
this would be kind of cool to have in
the room like a candy dispenser machine
35 bucks
oh yeah ye sorry guys check out some of
the album covers for back then
much cooler they are than now found one
of your new fave Nick Oh what is that a
baby
weird it's close coke and I know so I'm
trying to decide what to put on that
ledge in the basement there's so many
options what do you guys think should I
put some of these on there get a reason
or a piece of poop uh uh I don't know
so guys uh I lost Justin this is pretty
big
what go back where'd it go
you are looking for you everywhere
you're doing us searching for what
Oh
Oh y'all t mean here I'm standing mine
claws why are you so found this sign I
think it'll be perfect guys check it out
what do you think it's only 25 bucks -
that's cool wow dude this thing is like
head feels like actually metal I kind of
imagined back in the day like running
around yeah yes - I would've wore this
one no one could see who I was who is
this dude my name or her name this is
Paulie she's my new girlfriend yeah she
has a little problem with our eyes but
dude I seriously guys some of these
dollars we're trying to figure out they
look so creepy and scary some of
anything dried collector's edition but
it's hard to deny that they look creepy
this thing's almost 200 bucks
I mean do am I the only one who thinks
that you're on the same page right Nick
yeah I don't know how do you I did they
make these it was the thing I guess well
I'm glad they've made dolls a lot more
better-looking now like Barbie dolls
like him or her yeah see those look
actually like cool and happy and then
you got stuff like her in the back she's
kind of scared concerned this was my
favorite oh gosh I think he's actually a
puppet like y'all oh yeah anyways
probably left the antique shop there was
just too much to explore we got through
a lot of it though but now we're here
EMU's comics and games just see if they
got any random goofy stuff here that yes
I got many comic books here by the way
whoa some of these would be probably
cool on the ledge
I could get a squishy pillow to slice
they also have a cupcake
there's just something about looking
around at toys it's just so fun wouldn't
you say
yeah I don't need him where I get in our
twenties yeah I'm thinking we'll ever
get old so we are now at Toys R Us yes
the Toys R Us that we did the fort at
which you guys the video went insane for
some reason so maybe here we'll have
some cool stuff let's go fine and
there's where we were hiding in the fort
line there epic okay guys we found pop
Heaven mother lode or so okay absolutely
I am definitely getting the Captain
Underpants one that's awful food yes
what else do they got also I want to
know do any of you guys collect pop
figurine things I know these things are
pretty popular and I actually have never
gotten to them I never like like some
these are pretty sweet yes and have
professor poopy pants
alright I found two that I want
back in the house Britney just got back
to the house and Britney I gotta show
you what I got I haven't shown her yet
guys okay so here's the first thing so
that's going to be sure yeah right
it was $200 shut up just kidding us 20
no but it's not so cool they this is
cool but not for like you guys you we're
now and check that bag okay what's so
cool
shut up so cool James right you I know I
just saw at the store and I was like you
gotta be kidding me and I just thought
that was so cool
Jake you are like the cutest this is
gonna be like the perfect like zoom for
you right and there's I need to get a
few more because these are just the ones
I have to store so I'm going to check
online but I thought it's like the
cutest thing of everything kids old guys
I got him out of the box and a lot of
you people who collect things are
probably like no don't take it out but I
wanted to just see him not in the box
and I think there's so much cooler
so I'll just I think this is a such a
great idea to if I can like use this
whole space to like line up maybe even
put like shells to have different like I
don't know what do you guys think either
way I love these things I think they're
so cool
ah man I'm just in a really great mood
right now
so yeah we'll keep those right there
this sign I think maybe I'll put on the
other side of the door that might be
cool so anyways guys I think I'm going
to end the vlog right here what's that
Andrew get back tonight and we're going
to do some we're going to get back to
the forts the mods the upgrades the news
got a bunch of cool stuff coming your
way we appreciate you coming back and
being a part of this awesome family and
adventure with us so you guys have a
great rest of your day or night and just
know that you are loved
god loves you you are unique and you
have a purpose on this earth just got to
say that to you guys
and
see you back here mom goodbye
