welcome back guys - more juice - boy oh
boy we got fun one for you today so we
saw this guy he uploaded a video his
name's Thomas the Train he brought in so
many snacks - a movie theater and what
do we say well you want to try and see
if we can beat the amount of snacks that
he brought in and create our own world
record because as you guys know when you
go to the movie theater movie theater
snacks and drinks are so expensive it's
so we're gonna see how many snacks we
can actually bring into the theater
Andrew is a special idea what are you
doing these are called special pocket
pants that I'm inventing sweatpants so
you know I like normal pants that just
got like a little pocket weighs what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna cut the pocket
install these garbage bags on each side
so these are pocket pants and then good
pockets are gonna go all the way down
wow that's a swell idea let's see if it
works
got the scissors these are old and I
don't only use pockets that's what pens
that much okay super pockets so you know
when you reach in your pants whatever
snack you would so this is the inside of
the pocket so I'll put this trash bag
around it to hold the snacks
so using these see yes okay let's see
how this works
andrew is gonna be wearing these
sweatpants and I'm just gonna be wearing
my normal attire and see how much I can
fit in it and then I'm also gonna try
and bring in a pizza and just hold it in
ain't no need to hide it a pizza you
want a pizza yes I love peace going for
the world record you got to go big or
home I want to go home Andrew got his
mind complete Andrew why don't you come
on out show everybody little hear when
you walk sounds like you're wearing a
diaper claim you this is a good let's
hear it walk what's going on yeah but I
can feel it inside look my pocket goes
all the way down to here your knees just
past my day okay
these are super pockets let's go first
stop the pizza store yep we need a pizza
first max Little Caesars
Oh pizza you too
Pete's son Pete supplements where to now
now let's go to the grocery store to get
and eat chips drinks come on let's get
out of here
that's my receipt oops all right time
for some snacks
how many snacks can we get yo yo yo yes
at the pockets so we're gonna start in
the candy section but then we're gonna
branch out like Justin was saying maybe
like ice cream some like fruit maybe
chips just so many snacks we don't want
the king-size stuff
pickles Andrea very good lemonade guys
we're looking for some ice cream
it'd be so funny if we can get like a
bunch of cones and we get here to keep
like an ice cream scoop and just oh wow
I think we can accomplish that or we
could do like ice cream bars as well
true stream cheese Justin's gonna get so
many boxes of fiber ones why please do
it for the vlog okay we're just going a
little overboard here aren't we Oreos
keeps flavored Oreos really huh you find
some Oh carrot stacks
I mean sticks so what'd you find
oh yes we need bananas oh bananas oh yes
ice cream yes
Yeah right so I don't think we said this
but this challenge we're doing
no big jackets and no backpack so those
are the stipulations yeah so I think
we're about done you're just gonna get
another drink
yep see you said that thing is heavy yes
oh yes we had a glass ixnay
I want that flavor here's a special tip
for you guys
free of charge camera if you have a
button-down shirt wow isn't that epic
guys for your GoPro well there's our
little out-of-focus items won't a teen
with a pizza oh okay there's the movie
theater so we gotta get our snacks all
prepared obviously we can't bring the
whole thing yeah I can try to just fit
as much in that pockets as possible and
then whatever it's like overflow we can
figure out okay this allowed to be the
first snack I start with dessert
create a movie starting soon I'll guess
I'll just start with this let's see if
these pockets work it worked
yes all right more snacks coming in
curious to see how like this looks it's
like you'll easily be able to see like
your pants like something in them just a
little bit gonna be right here so I'm
gonna try and fit these in my back
pocket let's see it's this is gonna look
what you will clearly be able to see
these but all right another little hat
guys look in there so you got sour patch
instead of bringing the whole box
and he goes now this is the only tricky
part but like you said well you have to
go big we can get in with this pizza you
just look look obvious so the bathroom
bat where you're walking so what if I
have to
what are they gonna say oh I guess all
right we're going in oh you got a pizza
I look less suspicious right I'm just
kind of moving slow I'm trying I just
don't want the pockets to rip and fall
apart all the food is pulled out oh no
you ain't he's putting the pizza by the
door so we don't like a suspicious
buying the tickets what's your second
box of pizza but this is challenge
number one hitting the tickets
3:45 that can be the standard seniority
box standard got the tickets yes step 2
this is the hardest step guys getting
the snacks
oh okay
should I leave it for till after the
movie nobody's here guys
okay there's Pizza bully are you sure
you got the pizza in would you put
slices like in your pockets no come on
it's so hunger cuz no one's here right
now I know I guess a deep pocket in ice
cream is important you still have more
than that yeah what did you put in there
I have the other ice cream bar somewhere
in here
yes I feel last item finally beverage
machine
we have to get a wide-angle shot of all
this occurring radioactive gas could be
creeping through the foundation what are
you starting with Andrew it's gonna be
super super carry the whole theaters to
ourselves think that Gianna D this is
big
I was just thinking how if somebody
walked in here and sat right next to me
Andrew how confuse they'd be saying if
you're sitting right here babe what did
you guys know that they spent more on
snacks and we did what yeah we do you
see how much we could buy with what we
wanted oh yeah cuz we spent like a set
target and then plus the pizza is like
five bucks so like 35
I can't do it I just realized something
my pocket system say I'm putting on all
the garbage into my pockets but their
garbage bags so when I'm done I just
detach them and throw the whole thing
away that so smart yes by the way what
time was this movie start a few more
minutes
mine is caramel oh good
time to kick back and relax gave the
movie is starting movie starting but
we're actually very full from snacks
somebody stood donate to friends yeah
okay we're gonna see now how much
concessions we could get with how much
we paid parts beverage for both of us
would be 10 bucks yeah if we both got a
large pot two of them up coordinate 15
15 10 is 25 for us so a beverage and pop
one so we could probably get like a
drink each some popcorn a candy and
maybe like a hot dog
maybe maybe we'd want to over budget now
exit published Wow wait where'd you put
the pizza on your car
IRA back home safe and sound it's time
to take off the pockets sieve pockets
come right out right in the garbage they
just take it over here go by mission
success choo choo
yeah like if there's any other
challenges like this it doesn't have to
be a movie theater similar ideas we have
in the comments everything's like I bet
you can't and then fill in the blank do
this or create your own record in this
so yeah okay this is fun thank you so
much for watching guys hope you enjoyed
it and we'll see you back here next time
good bye like
