well good morning everybody and welcome
back to more J students hope you guys
are all doing well before start the blog
today I just have to say thank you guys
so much for all the support you guys
have been showing us lately I am still
kind of baffled and mind blown at what's
happened in the last few days I'm not
sure if you guys have checked on our
channel recently but let me just show
you something so I just pulled up our
YouTube channel and as you guys know we
upload for Friday's every Friday and you
guys really like them but for some
reason this fort
two days ago has 2.5 million views what
okay not only that guys let's go over
socialblade this keeps track of all the
stats it says this is how many
subscribers we've gained in the last
three days
yesterday 30,000 subscribers what I just
okay so as youtubers it's part of our
job to kind of like you know look at
YouTube look at the algorithm and try
and figure out you know what what's
going on what is YouTube doing and what
we need to do in order to you know do
our best to keep up with what's going on
and so I'm just so confused on like why
this specific fort
did it get so much more views than our
previous forum and don't get me wrong I
am not complaining at all I am just mind
blown and so happy like I honestly don't
know what to say like thank you guys
seriously the support means so much and
what we've mentioned before but Andhra
and I have a lot of cool things and
works one being some new merch we're
going to be starting up our merch line
we're going to be doing oh just a bunch
of cool stuff and yeah I just want to
start to blog off by saying you know God
is good and thank you guys for
supporting us seriously I can't say it
enough but anyways whoa okay so also
Andrew is not here Andrews in Las Vegas
he's at a wedding with Mary so you guys
going to be kickin it with me today I
have some really cool ideas now I know
I've done a house to her at my house
before but I haven't shown you guys a
particular room in my house that I'm
working on currently and doing some
really cool things too so I want to show
you guys and take you along today with
some plans I had in mind it's going to
be so fun I have this room right here
like I said I haven't done much filming
in this basement I'm not sure why but
it's going to be stepping up also I've
been installing new lights showed you
guys this ryan wanting to give the
basement that cool rustic feel and so
did that it used to be these which are
no way cool right but let's show you
guys what's behind this door and what
I'm going to be doing okay now bear with
me because this is kind of in the
progress in the works and we're going to
be working on it today but check it out
what okay so hear me out I I want to
turn this room into an epic gaming
studio for our game channel and if you
guys want to subscribe to our gaming
channel goo squad game I'll leave a link
in the description but if you're not
going to be making tons of more games
and this is just like such a cool space
for a little like gaming arena okay so
here's what I want to do guys I want to
hang this TV up get rid of this like
stand because it is like for like a desk
put like a cool put something below the
TV that will hold all the games and
stuff and the ps4 and obviously these
lights I like them but I want to go to
Best Buy and see if they have any other
like cool lights that you know I know I
just want to look at all the different
options so on this wall obviously I have
some ideas which I'll show you guys
later to cover up the wall we got some
space over here
by the way um this is the fan mail guys
uh how are we supposed to get through
all this
I mean Andrew and I have I'm not going I
we have kind of put it off but oh we are
going to get to your guys fan mail soon
I know we keep saying that but this is
insane we have to by the way I know you
guys saw this if you haven't seen
Brittany and I were on relative race and
we won the grand prize and they gave us
this check no you can't it this is like
a fake number by the license I know some
of you're like oh he's showing the
number and then they cash it in now so
this is the studio and I want to take
you guys through the process of you know
customizing it and making it my own and
I did order some chairs today or
yesterday as well so hopefully the ready
to pick up because they are so sick so
let's go to Best Buy real quick and get
the day going here we are at Best Buy
whoa guys check this out I've seen this
before these light bulbs but not this
this is like this you go which you don't
need to actually plug into like a lamp
you can just put it anywhere and it
could go any color you want
what okay this is way too cool I
literally have to get some of these for
the game room I think this will really
add these are like backsplash lights how
cool that is also this will be perfect
for the ground like an LED strip okay we
need this to go with it to control it
all all right we got this I've got two
and Rudy has this one and that's what
we've been using to record our other
games gameplays but now I'll have one so
we can do split screen stuff alright
guys we are good to go now let's head
home and get these bad boys out and show
you how they work
yes I had to get an iced coconut milk
latte stuff my third space coffee here
it's a really cool coffee place in our
town I don't know about you guys but I
just like love coffee I used to hate it
as a young when I was younger but now as
I get older I'm like I see why this was
so good and why so many people drink it
and the life I currently have these are
cool they're only one color which I mean
it's fine I'm just saying these ones are
like millions of different colors which
is insanely cool and I think it'll make
this room really you know be unique each
time because I could change it up and
make different backgrounds during the
gaming videos but yeah let's get these
open I have two of these guys which will
go against this wall accent like what is
that extend them up to ten meters I
don't know how long this goes but we'll
figure out I just want to get these
installed ASAP well I got everything out
of the boxes but have a 4:15 workout
class today I got to get my priority
straight guys so I'm going to go work
out real quick then come back and
install the lights and the chairs are
ready to be picked up I've even showed
you guys them yet so oh I'm just so
excited okay I'll be right back
workout was awesome very tiring as usual
but much here we are at American
Furniture Warehouse all you got to do is
go inside real quick pick them up from
that Bay and we're good to go
now I have two of them so hopefully
they'll fit back here
yes
oh just right room for more thing oh I'm
going to give you a 24 hours in this
warehouse okay they're here in the house
meg is here as well hey and we're just
going to put these together shouldn't be
too hard but I'll show you um once
they're put together you can kind of
team right now they're so sick okay
before we go any further and show you
guys the hue lights got the chairs
installed thanks to Nick for the help as
well because clearly this hand isn't of
much very good use but check out these
chairs they're more like these cool
gaming looking chairs but they're loud
and they recline and they have the feet
stands so they fit this space perfectly
yeah it's got like a knob you can turn
in the different settings yeah so I'm
thinking about what to do next it's like
maybe a table in the middle here so I'm
like that but okay the moment I've been
waiting for I don't know about you let's
go okay
click gaming studio here the lights I
just turned it off from my phone and
then it's got orange right now I've got
one over here obviously I'm going to
figure out what to do with these cords
but I just click this button in it it
turns them off I got this down here turn
that off turn both hues on now we can
change the scenery aka color let's turn
on arctic Aurora oh that is sick it's
hard to tell on camera but that light is
actually more green and that one's blue
and keep in mind this app and this
product has like millions of colors
so what scenery do you want relaxing
reading concentrate energizing bright I
want four
okay let's just scroll up here and click
relax okay and we can change like the
individual colors of each thing so
here's the color board this is one of
the blooms so that's the one over there
so let's go with a cool blue color and
then click done let's go to the next one
to complement it with what could we do
well we can just look at it and see well
the cool pink and blue wow this is so
sick
it's obviously be very bright and be
like an arctic studio in here right but
another thing you can do as well as turn
it down let's check that out much better
so you can keep it like kind of bright
if you're like if we're recording a
video or you can go out from the outside
pretty average and Buddy like whoa
what's that glowing color you walk over
to it and welcome to Narnia Oh
epic zone okay and I have a ton more
ideas that I want to add on to this but
if you guys have any cool ideas to make
this room even cool or make it the
ultimate gaming studio
leave some comments down below and I'll
be checking them out and over the next
few days and seeing some things I should
add and get for the room so here are two
simple things that I want to get to add
to this room I think this is a light
switch cover which I thought was the
sweetest thing they have a different
colors and stuff but I think I like that
just like the black and white black and
blue one get that one too but probably
that one and only good is compatible
with this I'm gonna have to figure it
out because the light switch up there is
this switch one the flip and then I want
to get these soundproofing
little tiles to put on the wall and make
a cool design it's like this maybe like
right there and then maybe some posters
and stuff also you know figure out what
I want to go down this wall what I want
to hang up the TV put a stand but yeah
if you guys have any other cool ideas
like this leave some comments and I hope
you guys liked this style of vlog I know
Daisy I know you guys enjoy our fort
videos the most but we can't do the four
videos every day but we really
appreciate it for those of you who come
back and like watching you know our
normal everyday lifestyle tech things
because this is the kind of stuff we do
I guess not like this kind of stuff but
we have normal lives and we do normal
things so every vlog we do isn't always
going to be extravagant but I don't know
I had fun today and I hope you guys just
enjoy the style anyways guys if you
aren't subscribed to our gaming channel
goop squad gaming Andrew and I are going
to start uploading a lot more
consistently and there's some cool games
that are coming out that I think you
guys are going to really like seeing us
play so links are in the description you
want to check it out make sure to follow
us on our social media those links are
in the description as well and we'll see
you guys back here tomorrow
I
