you can pick up now what you have times
welcome back two more days - hey guys
hope you're doing well and today is
going to be epic
we know why well we bought a new toy car
recently the last vlog and I love that
vlog so what we doing so what we're
going to do we're going to take these
chairs because these are pretty basic
and boring and look at the spice mom
don't know how but we will just listen
this is a house
do not come peanuts no you can't right
around that no plus they just look so
boring
yeah make sure you guys we're reading
through the comments because we asked
for your like what mod do you want to
see do you guys said some better comfy
or seats
we love that idea which is great about
this car so you can just take the seats
right on out so yeah let's bring these I
got a Hobby Lobby or something yeah
let's see what they can do about it yeah
let go out Oh cooter forgot the seeds Oh
hand
one thank you okay this is why I've been
abused Macbeth this isn't a giant fabric
section so we could choose oh yeah
Walter this should be like see if
there's any like little cushion stuff
you can put like here here oh I will
Power Wheels turbo do you want this one
no one candle black that would be pretty
sweet I think I pretty think so but we
should make sure we look at all the
options yeah searching now we've got
rollers of it if you run a lot of it
that could work
one for each seat and then we can cut
them to fit yeah that's a good color man
this is going to be epic how much do you
think we need that's pretty wide worried
about to be safe so you have plenty baby
this way and get rounded yard and that
was cover to see any other supplies you
think we need I know we have a hot movie
Oh that'll work
no I'm sure we can find tons of mod
ideas in Hobby Lobby though if we spent
enough time here I can a giant letter
for instance I'm so ready to design
these seats I don't think I've ever done
a seat design before oh I'm done this
definitely aim it was cheap we nearly
forgot to pay like six bucks each for
this mob that's a good bud oh yeah
affordable yet epic something you guys
can get you on this exciting because
this is gonna be so coffee yes I don't
have any hot glue sticks in my house
roll I think we're go over your house
yep create it take it back to my house
install it and then test it easy as that
easy peasy lemon squeezy let's go look
valeu oh man this is going to be epic so
I guess first things first we'll cut the
foam to fit the seat yeah and then we
can test it out all perfect do this
gonna be so comfy
yes you're gonna put on the back too oh
yeah
it's just leaving like that all right
wrap it up I kind of really enjoy doing
these type of mods because it's just fun
being creative and it brings me back to
my kid days you know let me play in sand
castles and you just do arts and crafts
at school you didn't do that I didn't
playing sand castles do I live and call
a rat on myself anyways bye I get what
you're saying little bit and building
stuff with Legos it's like we're still
adults that doesn't change anything we
still be crafty well that's even better
about being adults is not yet more
knowledge and even better than before
yeah so what are you doing making like a
little stencil now we can take this and
put it on the phone you can cut it out
perfectly yes stencil one complete oh
you can call that one if you want yeah
I'll cut this one
check it out yeah we just got a hot glue
it which the hot glue gun has been
primed and ready instant charging this
whole time yeah it's got to be warm why
don't you give it a test
Oh I want him to maybe touch the hot
glue gun see if it's hot
well we have to know if it's hot I know
it's hot I can feel it okay try though
fire yeah that's all it is it's just a
simple blue here it goes yes cushions
okay check it out both cushions
installed now we're ready for some
covers that Camel is going to be epic in
the black Benz oh this is basically what
it's going to look like we're just going
to fold these edges in glue them in here
so it's like wow yeah you guys know it's
hot it's hot glue guys
I squeezed down your hand would you
think that's funny so we're going to do
that to the whole seat Casey yeah all
right check this out
I could obviously not perfect our first
ever cut up one chair never made one of
these before
it's got a little bit of playroom but we
can do better on chair - I think let's
begin
all done which one do you prefer this is
version 1 and this is version 2
so I can be the passenger seat practice
you get better each damper ball it's so
comfy as you move I can't see a ball
right here
Wow dude we need to install these we're
back in my house and I can already tell
if these feeds are going to look at epic
in the car so well first thing we got to
do is grab the battery because it's been
charging kilo on black is like battery
installed now time for seeds the moment
all the waiting GS
come on come on Oh hop on in ahh
comfy unleashed can I tell a difference
in seats like is it really comfy yeah
doesn't hurt my subjects that's good you
want to try sure this is the first of
many mods on this one I think this
Mercedes my outdo the Ford here I mean
we have the sub which is pretty a pretty
good mod but I mean I can already see
with visa seats maybe some glow because
you guys left some other good comments
good glow paint jobs are going to be a
big thing oh yeah let's treat well for
that guy yeah let's start the engines
full charge yeah it's so thick Caesar
Prime yes is so comfy now one question I
want to ask you guys what color if you
get a paint job do you guys think we
should get both and you like this black
on this maybe just like some extra
detail yeah like I love how something
yeah what kind of this one so leave a
comment let us know like we should put
like our logo on this car or like just
like some cool stripes I don't know
you guys decide
yeah that smooth yeah
can you make it up the curb is the
question whoa heck yeah v8 turbo just
look at those guys I think the value on
this car has just shot up tenfold I mean
I think you're right maybe we should
start a new business where we buy use
power wheels and just making the most
epic thing and sell them for insane
prices and more yeah see okay there may
be a market for that speechless I know
but yes we were just talking about paint
jobs I think we should go call around a
few local places see if maybe they'd be
interested in doing this there's some
really cool paint shops to town so give
them a call by a man for some future
vlogs maybe soon get some paint jobs
done I got a brand new Benz what do you
say yeah Colorado custom apps hey I had
a quick question so I was wondering if
you guys would be able to wrap a Power
Wheels Car Power Wheels car is that like
a little battery remote charge cart so
you can't yeah exactly yeah do you want
to pay like $400 to do it but that was
my first question is if you would even
be able to do it yeah I did my
granddaughters trunk yeah okay she
turned up pretty cold
hi everybody get excited for paint jobs
coming soon yeah and more months
I promise we've been reading your
comments and we will be doing some of
them it's just so fun it looks so cool
in the cars laughs yes so leave a like
if you're excited and enjoying these toy
mod toy car mods as much as we are yep
and I guess I'll see you back here
tomorrow all right all right
by no
