well good morning everybody welcome back
to more Jase - are you having a good day
I am you do while it's only going to get
better from here because from this yes
we're at towards the rest right now one
of our favorite stores those of us is so
far away though and now there's only one
like in our city so it's a bit of a
drive but it's worth it what are we
doing today guys oh well here's some
shopping to do
let's go like yeah we are
oh yes and if babies are us combined
yeah
jiya fries day a celebration of play I
want to go but always that was that was
two days ago
Oh Jeffers I don't know oh by the way
guys if you do not see the last vlog of
Andrew and Mary's announcement please go
watch it because just watch it it's so
weird being in the store now right it is
pretty here I usually come here for just
myself no other person so now in the
future you're going to Andrews gonna
have to come here for somebody else epic
I will accept also this is crazy right
Roman Atwood has his own thing in every
Toys R Us now wow so cool lucky oh man
should we try it see there he is the
game well hopefully some day soon we'll
be collabing with Roman it will be
happening just when is when I don't know
huh who's there fire it will no more
messing around let's get down to
business
check it out guys
oh yeah humor before and we really like
was it that one of it it was one of
these one of these I can actually sit in
and drive so yeah as you guys know we
already have our custom floor we got to
expand the fleet yeah did we try the
Porsche before it looks kind of big okay
well we're going to try them again one
hand wow so this one's really cool
because the door is actually open yeah
okay what nipple lift them up will end
your fit in this one it's almost calling
me oh I'm actually really excited
because soon we're going to try and make
these things go back was it rubber
wheels on them I'll just be so sweet
let's go with my hand oh that's pretty
rad though tinted yeah what is the make
big version of this I dude
Wise's to be the small single-seat
version
come on see these cars are awesome it's
just if they made them just a slightly
bigger Andrew could fit in it weed in me
you know this wants paddle shifters what
so let's go man
out of gas while we're here we're
looking around to see if they're any
good for areas because we have not built
a Toys'R'Us port so there's some areas
like back here like lots of room well
not miss specific area but we're still
searching and you're found up kind of
cool for if I can get my butt sitting
here this is the most epic fort
hopefully another one comes and sees of
this this could work
I'll give out good work then up here too
like there's a bunch of space back here
and it's Toys R Us so it's like if we
build a forum here we can like get a ton
of toys to play them before they have
cool couches under there could be
bedrooms own hopefully we continue to
bar of course you know we have to get
some Chipotle Jelani got a breathable
doesn't that look delicious
also I heard on the news that Chipotle
is creating like
so you know buddy you better watch out
because holy wall back at the house
finally got it here now we have to
unpackage it and put it together I wish
I could just snap it and go together
like this guy
see it's the unboxing yeah come on man I
can you can do it oh I just can't okay
it's here this one is a lot different
than the other Power Wheels for some
reason you have to install the motors
okay remove it trying to find the screws
where we finished putting it together
but for some odd reason these things
just have to be charged for 24 hours and
the battery is different than the other
one so yeah I thought Power Wheels
either way check it out guys you got a
sound system already installed here in
the back with an aux cord everything got
Maps this is a mg so I'm assuming it
goes fast well look did you try oh let's
try it has a little power
I have timer guys tell you who please
please
yeah
Oh yoga was really try and look at what
the red things that start turn on this
now just putting seats and let's take
her for a test being yeah I was about to
say that this blog was getting really
boring now that it's being would work
but it works and the other one is it
charged we can ride around again
together finally are you ready let's go
for a spin fire look at that man
whoa y'all get in man oh hey we didn't
put out but that one has rubber tire
like parts on it
Oh mommy again oh this was so much
better than that one for me it's so
roomy in here this thing's huge
ha ha so you have insurance dork
yeah full coverage on my new Benz Oh
flip the stiggy's and let's ride ah my
faster than you right yes I'm coming up
I like 70 pounds yeah thanks man
I can't wait to roll around college
campus who gets back in session oh yeah
get a custom paint job Oh awesome
underglow dude all right now Peters
gonna try it oh man does it have so much
room in there so much more funky Oh
except for the uphills give it the turbo
vendor does need that sound you push go
and we'll listen are you kidding me
sounds like a hybrid I think that one
turns better as well and now the uphill
test oh yeah
oh man I'm barely moving I don't know if
I make it uphill
oh come on forward you got it get back
here you bored you should be a lot
better than this ah I was driving to
admit a sound car sound effect like it
was like her I think it's on a steering
wheel oh did we go hard how's the way
man
yes I know I got test the sound system
but compared to this one alright so we
got this is the first time we're trying
out the radio hopefully it works okay
okay oh yeah now wait I'll show you the
sound system on this one we got a huge
subwoofer in the back and by a huge I
mean check this out okay you guys ready
just like a mobile party Center guys oh
yeah just so you know we do birthday
parties graduations yeah hit us up
whenever we'll bring this to the potty
by the way this this could be very very
much louder than what I just played when
the battery's low sometimes it'll cut
out if we turn it too high but whoa plus
and if you haven't seen the actual video
it's got two speakers under here - yeah
so just so you know right there and this
one only got just one whatever they
installed so pretty epic all right so of
course leave some comments of what you
guys want to see us do - this one what
custom mods you want to see that might
be different than what we did to that
one yeah because they're different cars
so we can do different stuff now we just
did a thumbnail guys up a thumbnail yeah
good really good thing about the boards
you can carry a load we just need a
trailer maybe for the back of it all
right we just parked the cars in the
garage so yeah like I said we've got
charging for 24 hours so let's get it
plugged in tomorrow
thank you something fun or fun you with
it wow you did that this is such a
strange charging method and this is the
end of the blog guys like we said
earlier please go check out the last
blog whoa that's all this life changing
to be honest
geez not even lying about that do you
have any final thoughts before we say
bye just you know I'm battling so I'm
preoccupied but I had a final thought it
would be just have fun yeah like like
Andrew said have fun each and every day
look for something fun to do and just
know that God loves you you watching
this video right now you are important
and you have value no matter what
anybody says good with that being said
see you back here tomorrow for another
vlog
goodbye see you folks
