hey guys married I have an announcement
for you all watching you can say it we
found out recently that meri is pregnant
Wow so I trying to wrap my head around
this with what are your thoughts I don't
know it's just exciting yeah yeah let's
just go over the timetable real quick
because we've known for a little bit but
we haven't really didn't announce
anything the end of May um I had just
gotten back from a trip to California
and I was leaving for Florida in a
couple days so when I got back Mary told
me that you yeah we're pregnant I was
like what are you kidding me at like
midnight yeah it's probably a good idea
we just a full day a travel midnight and
I came home all I want to do is go to
bed with the biggest news ever if you
guys remember I went to Florida and then
immediately after that we went our trips
to Africa and Europe so it was like just
a couple of days and we didn't really
want to tell anybody just because we
didn't want them to worry about us
traveling to Africa and across the world
didn't worry about Mary and this new
baby so which finally went to the doctor
mm-hm yeah we told the doctor everything
so we were okay to go so once we got
back from all of our travels we decided
to tell our friends and our family I
didn't tell much time everybody I filmed
us telling your parents it's just it was
just so strange because like this is our
first child I didn't know how do I tell
anybody is good it's a strange
conversation starter yeah so what's new
well well if she's pregnant
yeah and then we had our first baby
appointment the other day so I'll just
let the footage roll
okay what are you hiding from the camera
are you feeling better yeah you had a
marries having a baby so we're here at
the doctor perverseness doctor baby
appointment we don't know how far along
the baby is or anything like that so
you don't have any idea how far along
you are okay vastly below you can lay
down on that
Caleb it ought to okay
oh this is exciting ever seen one of
these machines before big baby oh yeah
my heart pains I think whoa so you have
an internal measurement right here
so averaging up fifteen weeks three days
caught some
Oh 10 centimeter
or inches or so from head to the butt
and leg
that is amazing wow that was so much fun
yeah I was like did it feel weird like
the thing on your belly like passion
really just so strange how they can just
look inside your belly basically doesn't
seem real until you go to the doctor
gave it any like what is this eat your
salad so they said that the baby is 15
weeks and due date is December 26 yeah
are you ready to have the most exciting
Christmas yeah I think for you stressful
yeah
head head and body off the head the arm
it's freaky so we could come back in
three weeks but we're going to be gone
so we're a little bit more on three
weeks but at that time you get to figure
out the gender of the baby
so we're trying to decide if we want to
figure it out and only out zone and
reveal it to everyone else or the
opposite yes we're like our family knows
and then it's a party like one for one
person and I don't know what to do what
should we do lime Lee yeah I got five
the things that her the copshop now
we're going to show some friends the
pictures and the ultrasound our first
ultrasound answer is we wanted to show
you guys look at horses and happy yeah
26 oh yeah yeah what I know right like
inside me before we even well yeah yeah
real like that
I know Andrews going to be like what the
heck is going on why does soon fast over
here and I'm like no seems like so for
this picture for the internet yeah but
it'll be like kind of like an uncle oh
yeah I mean kinda so we'd already told
Justin and Burt the news this person I'm
telling Nick so I was surprised yeah
they told us actually here oh yeah I
weren't filming it so just so you guys
know this we were we are still very
excited but our first mission action was
like
what is going on I know Frank I should
have filmed it I hadn't even bring the
camera yeah sorry we were sitting right
over there just for reference it still
doesn't
all right now sure as you guys are -
yeah yeah
so we're not sure if it's a boy or a
girl yet but hopefully in a few weeks so
we will find out I'll be on vacation so
it's kind of pushed back to the right
but doctor said we'd come back in three
weeks when you're gone so yeah I kind of
even Judeo throw a party
yeah a gender-reveal party I'm just
really excited obviously that's just
being it had Ned blogs everybody
realized that blog but just I guess
because you guys have been here for so
many years following our lives and just
being with us and all the support and
watch on the videos that you're so
excited to start this new chapter in our
lives and share it with all you guys
blogs are gonna get really exciting
coming up yeah we get to see Mary's
progress with a little baby bump inside
you nothing
yeah the baby's due December 26 so
Christmas baby it's going to be just an
incredible Christmas yeah mr. Christmas
miracle and my sister Jessica's
birthday's on the 31st so she's coming
for that my mom gave me this really cool
book explains like some progress so as
we kind of cool - Olli
um how big the baby is and it should be
three to five ounces which we the herd
ultrasounds all flood was like a week
ago a week ago it was already four
ounces and then four to five inches and
it was six inches
Kareem abdul-jabbar I think we found the
halter summit really moving in
heart beating I just get like
overwhelmed with feelings thinking about
the baby like for me and my dating
different parts of it like its ears and
speakers ah yes it's crazy about the
size of your palm is 36 inches what your
focus there isn't one yeah who's taller
they gave them we also wanted to make a
point that this is our first child hmm
you know that kid in our nursery because
there's been other kids in her videos
and all that every single time so I want
to ask who's Isaac that your sodding
like no that's Mary's brother
so committee get uncle which that in it
it all weird you're we've been talking
about if we want a girl or if we want a
boy and initially we both were like we
want boys so yeah like Oh like all of
our kids just need to be jobs you boys
are dog so I'll be boy boy sure seems
simpler
they're crazy but because of that we
feel like that this child is a good girl
in any way because you want a boy so bad
have your girl but either way it's going
to be amazing
I don't know you guys think you think
it's gonna be a boy a girl and a baby
huh on the way and there's just so much
other stuff going on in our lives
exciting stuff but
like you know what they say when it
rains it pours I know I'm just so happy
that finished pool is such
picture-perfect
yeah all God's time yeah yeah a degree
school have my job I'm glad you guys are
here for the journey thank you for all
your support and I think that I think
that's it so just get excited we're
excited baby is on the way
all right well you guys have a good rest
of your day or night whatever see you
guys here next time right yeah
Oh
