hey everybody welcome back to mo Jase do
yo so we're in New York right now
surprise yeah it's kind of random we
didn't film the flight here because it's
kind of boring why do you guys know on
that so we're here already we're trying
to find the YouTube space but we've
never been here before so I don't know
where we're going
yeah I do not know where it is so maybe
we should let's uh ask this guy over
here hey excuse me sir you know where
the YouTube space up wait 40 minutes
EJ wait DJ Senate yeah yeah are you
going to the YouTube space yeah do my
aegyo show us the way Oh what's up Keith
Oh more friends what are you going to
YouTube space yeah yeah awkward custom
YouTube elevator oh this is what this is
where they I help out again we're
dealing oh can we go in there then
geology
must get more views yes Joe what uh you
do fish hey are you guys really why
we're as you can thank New York it
involves something to do with animation
we want to make elaborate it's just like
it's just like I got like the shingles
it tingles going on just thinking about
it because it's like mind-blowing what
we're going to do like it will explain
as we go
I then I'll just be better just a little
new new thing and we're like one of the
first to kind of get it going just cool
big things in the work so you guys get a
sneak peek okay well can you unplayed
amid like it's paused right now oh yeah
a great good him hit play
hey pause this is I want this for the
house guys we get to that 100 billion I
don't know dat breath it can be epic I
already see what's going to happen
knowing right from oh wait now jump
I've never felt anything like that
before how is very weird and with JIT I
was scared even though it's just a game
TJ's trying some cooking the eggs are
fired
don't use your bare hands yes yes you
hop in Oh
Hey looks so cool down report hey
everybody welcome back monsters vision
damn container she bosses whoa let's see
how that look what were my who are you
oh okay where are my guys seriously I'll
just knock it all down here you're good
what do you think I want to make an
anime yeah I know it's so cool
what is that oh hey hey everybody okay
yeah yeah Joe tanto tank don't say what
Oh
working around no technology bikini I'm
just trying to thinking like all the fun
you can make with this kids cartoon
I've been really wanting to make like an
animation yes and so we're hoping
amorphous yeah we have a good idea a
good idea for one you guys will enjoy I
promise thank you obviously we're here
working on okay yeah very hold down holy
crap guys this is the coolest thing ever
and so this company that we just showed
you that that whole program is not
released yet
so it's kind of important that don't
really fit the work that we're trying to
okay we do figure it out what are we
doing with this company
we're sorry I was getting all boiled up
question I'll just tell them like we're
in the early stages of chat a producing
content about solenoid we're doing the
attack and maintenance up I'm creating
character and we'll be like a new video
yeah and it's not out yet or working
with version or something really good oh
oh yeah we're coming back tomorrow to
actually put something together in the
we can potentially show you guys that's
what I might be able to upload yeah but
right Murr try that well this is all
free snacks in the UT launches the best
but yeah anyways this is insane what
we're about to do and show you guys
how epic is this guy the answer is
editing in your YouTube video at the
YouTube space and a bowl serious a lot
me to like this day couldn't get any
better I think not even 40 by the way
that over we're doing some other cool
things us tonight
won't tell you just just keep watching
okay before the night ends before we get
some dinner wall where are we guys we're
on top of the world
yeah screams all right there oh okay so
that's it a rooftop of apparently one of
Keith's friends live here but let's just
check out the views
it is COO like everyone's got rooftops
around here wiggle it with ice bögöcs
better views my homie goodness this is
insi sedate values
ahh I would be up here every day just
soak this in viewers look at this and I
still know it out there
all right so DJ here I did have a full
drink and somebody decided to spill it
everywhere check it out guys we got most
of it cleaned up now but that was pretty
funny all right
okay but no free refill three of that
fine dining oh man all right I'm gonna
have to take a t-shirt frozen sweet we
just got done with dinner didn't film it
but we have dinner no the yes
whoa oh yeah guys
whoa are you kidding me no they're gonna
tell me what that is that's coconut it's
just the heck Wow I got that too by the
way
that's so cool she's making mine right
now but it whoops guys I was about to
get in shower but I forgot didn't in the
vlog we are in the air B&B now stands of
that getting back up in the morning and
actually going to try and put together a
little animation for you guys in a
concept
so those we're going to be we're going
tomorrow and then we actually fly back
home we got to bed here for upstairs
right now we got a suite downstairs
cut another sofa bedroom and here faster
arms bed in there so
pretty sweet guys but we appreciate you
coming back and watching today thank you
guys for everything thank you guys for
always leaving like some nice comments
we read them we check them out
you guys are awesome so hope you all
have a great rest of your day or night
keep back here to mom
