how do you bay and welcome back to more
J still hope you're doing well we've got
a fun vlog for you guys today of spicy
challenges and involve fun activities
oh no so are you ready for some torture
and pain no I'm not I'm him anyways guys
so we're starting off this challenge on
fortnight Andrew why don't you explain
how this challenge works so this is what
we're gonna do since there's two of us
one of us is gonna play around and every
time we get a kill the other person has
to eat a fiery ghost pepper chip every
kill so that's how we're gonna start off
then we're gonna do some other
challenges throughout the day but first
let's get into for tonight so we got the
game plugged in got the algata plugged
in now let's jump into the game so we
are in the game now I'm hoping this game
I get so many kills that the whole bags
gone my turn also guys if you want to
download fortnight it's in the
description so if you've never played it
before you can put on playstation xbox
pc it'll send you right over to the
download super easy and come play with
us and it's free oh please don't want
health much I do want help
Daisy go these aren't for you do I need
help I need to hide you have a low tack
okay well I need a hiding heal to full
tips yes I already did one oh it's
getting hot already this is a bad idea
alright I'm going in uh and we don't get
any beverages either no beverages why
that's part of the challenge I already
told you I'm off to a good start
oh right still spicy Oh weirded Marv go
all areas come on mark
hi-yah always going that way yeah yeah
this is a big one I paint why did I pick
this chip you don't have trust in me no
no I don't like these chips anymore I
said another lies you said to begin with
Oh yippee
oh all right it's Andres turn good luck
thank you so you think I'm gonna have to
eat this whole bag
I guarantee it you know where I'm
feeling like going today folks
wherever there's not many people
I think I'm gonna go to the farms does
he go into the house that's where I
wanted to go there's anybody else here
or just him don't worry I start with him
or you could go get him right away uh
yeah but you're just trying to get me
killed
you're in deep trouble why you're gonna
get killed very soon no I'm not I'm
gonna just like there he is
chips down because I'm not gonna have to
eat any what somebody's gonna start from
behind you in three two they can't see
me
one you're trying to distract me from Oh
see he's a sorry little Elmo what if he
has extra help you weren't back Oh
oh you Oh Elmo Elmo's missing Malaysia
oh you got one hit oh I don't really
have many materials oh where is Elmo
gunner you're surrounding yourself in
his base no I'm trying to go into this
you better oh that guy better run or you
were going to die you didn't even hit me
all right one shot chin up
Oh who's shooting at me here we go guys
nice you know somebody was shooting me
oh geez
well are you ok don't that was
unfortunate you had to do that right if
you're bad to eat a hot things like this
is not a good chip and it's very spicy
yeah now I'm wondering who is shoot pass
what oh wow are you gonna be ok
yes what beverage no beverages you made
this rule are you trying to Ollie was
behind you but are you trying to help me
I don't know if I want to I think you do
he sniped me ha ha
one chip uh alright guys that was pretty
fun
if you enjoyed this and want to see more
like gaming challenges we have a gaming
channel y'all can subscribe to link is
in the description goo squad gaming but
we actually want to do some other
activities too so what we're going in
the bball court yeah let's go we need to
go get another snack another hot snack
so it's not just chips the whole time
yeah we gotta get a hot sauce or
something so let's go quick stop here at
the beef jerky Outlet Store because like
I mentioned we need a step of our game
can't just do spicy chips spicy sauce as
well this is the house of spice hot
sauce hot sauce guys we found a snack
sweet hot habanero pickles Wow and you
go and he loves pickles guys huh I'll
just grab it but we're not done yet we
need a sauce we have some new sauces oh
Reaper hot sauce
dude get it yes we got them guys we are
now in sprouts real quick to grab some
snacks to put the hot sauce
yeah we're at the gym guys now before we
go in Andrew tell them what is the plan
all right so I think we're gonna play a
game of horse
yes you take a letter that means you've
got to take a snack mock-mock-mock so we
got the snacks in here okay oh yes
thanks for watching man give me the ball
hey basketball I am NOT gonna lose
challenges to you it's time to begin the
challenge guys
okay so we're gonna do horse yeah we got
the hot sauce over there let's get let's
get it out but not don't let anyone else
see our surprises so we're gonna start
the game off from horse if you don't
know what horse is well
wait so we take turns taking shots if I
make a shot then Justin has to make that
same shot if he misses he gets a letter
we spell horse but whoever gets the
letter has to try a pickle are you going
first yeah okay
Wow
will he make it guys oh that was so if
Andrew does not make this he has to eat
the first pickle and gets an H oh
there's no food in Jim I'm going to eat
it out cycle guys Andrew actually hates
pickles so that's why it's funny is it
spicy Elmo
all right let's keep going CJD morning
for three Andrew took off his ring do
you think that's the problem
yeah ready for a hook shot
yep
I turn on the the quick pause on the
video Griffin here watches the vids
anything you want to say min shout out
to my brothers bros wish my sister Anne
says yes
my mouth is heating up now I've given
you a nice lead on purpose
so disorienting you man
they're gonna do even worse now
okay watch this is gonna be hot though
yeah geez Wow
I'm gonna make this while holding the
camera yeah I think that flavor is good
I think yeah Torres yep
one more letter you lose Wow
Yeah right it's time to summon the Larry
Bird Express what is that Wow Larry Oh
eyes closed they watch the videos by the
way I can see looking up her
you will not get me out
what
Oh
this might be Andrews end play the final
pickle you have to eat the whole jar now
it's time to move on to the next
challenge promise ok we are back at the
house now it's time for the hottest of
the challenges ghost pepper sauce is
that hotter than the chips yes this is
gonna be way hotter
wait a graham-cracker what we're gonna
do is each of us are gonna ask each
other a few multiple-choice questions
and if you get it wrong you have to pour
this on one cracker and eat it okay and
your here's your first question
when Tamala g is the science that
studies a B C or D now let's hear your
reasoning behind which answer you choose
I have to go with B insects because
entomology it's like ant homology like
ants all right QlikView answer let's see
Wow
you got it yeah are you ready for your
question yeah all right I got one for
you
the first human heart transplant
operation conducted by dr. Christian
Barnard was conducted in these years 67
68 58 or 22 explain your thought process
the only thing I could go off is there's
two eights there are 68 and 58 they're
trying to trick me here because there's
two eights but there also is two in the
60s so interesting I'm gonna go with the
oddball out which is in 1967 okay let's
see what happens
how did you do that I could have done
that all through high school
your next question andrew is Gabrielle
Daniel Fahrenheit was a a German
physicist be developed the mercury
thermometer in 1714
C devised the temperature scale or D all
of the above you like in order to
develop the thermometer they would have
already had to have had a temperature
scale but Fahrenheit that most countries
don't use that use Celsius now so wow
that's a good top process three - yep
I'm going with a German physics going
with a and the answer is d all the above
come on I already debunked that theory
we're gonna have to see how hot this is
Oh nuts
remember hot sauce doesn't always hit
you right away takes a few minutes
please no more spice it's like a slow
heat up because our someone's like
turning up the Fahrenheit temperature in
my mouth
get it okay worse I can't water I can't
talk to me the question during the First
Crusade
really Crusaders reached Jerusalem they
captured it in 1080 1099 ad 1280 or 15
1580 mess up right I'm gonna hit you so
hard B 1099'd Hey
each Tim more which became the 190 first
member of the UN is the continent of
Asia Africa Europe or South America
sounds even you go I got it oh wow
you're so much you're gonna try this
sauce
they'll faheen was a the first Buddhist
pilgrim did of China to visit India
during the reign of Cod regrouping
trauma or be the Discoverer of Puerto
Rico and Jamaica or see the first
Buddhist pilgrim of India to visit China
or D none of the above
here you go I'm gonna be none of the
above
oh I should have known that was yes I
told you I was wrong oh yes yes do you
feel something yeah yeah you're right
this is starting to heat up very fast
nose is starting to run I don't
understand who eat this stuff like for
fun though you know just for fun like I
wouldn't I wouldn't just buy this to put
on my food if this is what it feels like
with a small bite you know you wouldn't
put that like on your burgers maybe no I
would never do that
about a pot of chili maybe no I need
something kill me I hope you not imagine
doing this multiple times I felt like my
tongue would burn away you want to go
for round 2 of questions no you want
some pickles to go with that no all my
crackers are gone how can I help
peppers what in Reaper peppers you hear
they tricked us I thought there's just
one pepper in here that concludes
today's challenge fun video guys whoa
man if you enjoyed it be sure to give it
a like yeah if you want to see more
challenges and leave some ideas in the
comments as well yeah what do you guys
want to see next
we'll see you back here bro goodbye
