guys welcome back to more j-su hope
you're doing well today's vlog how do we
explain this well a lot of you guys are
subscribed to our main print channel JC
sujes and we have a series called worst
prank ideas so so we figured we take
that similar concept and apply it to the
toy car mods so some of you have left
some comments they're pretty funny so
we're going to try them out so we're
here at the store to grab some supplies
let's go it's like searching around
perfect we're not going to show you the
comment yet but it involves well this is
all we needed from this store okay Oh
hot dogs okay before we can start the
mods we had to get a quick snack they
said my name is Justine which is
incorrect
stop saying just oh it's a windscreen so
the wind doesn't blow up the audio what
the first comment says attach a fire
extinguisher to the back and use it for
a boost so let's go try this mod to the
toy car will we go faster or not find
out now okay how are we going to attach
this that's what we're discussing right
now
I don't know cuz it could put it right
there so then when you lean back you may
boost yeah
before we get attach it to the side
which is going to be the fastest way to
make this fence or you're also saying
like on its side like that maybe either
way I think we're going to need some
tape where you found the tape so okay
we're going to tape it right here and
hopefully this fire extinguisher can
propel us to ultrasonic speeds yes so
right there is that is this the spot
we're going with yep okay this piece of
tape will hold it in place that's the
thin tape this boost goes really fast
you don't want it flying off right very
rate how's that that's perfect okay
booster symbol let's go test this out
guys okay we are almost on location to
test this out
Andrews driving it up here okay oh yeah
let's get it wait do it again so we can
see how fast you are with no boost I was
pretty fast which English should I get I
get like over here or over there are you
ready for this yeah booth you better
know okay are you going faster Wow are
you have boost no leather left that
comment
we tried I didn't go any faster man on
to the next mod kind of hurt boys if I
fell in this ditch if you like drove
straight down it might be funny I'm
gonna have to have you be yeah but
that's not on today's modded Genda yeah
maybe next time we can do some
off-roading bully adventures I need a
quick energy boost mmm thank you
lemonade read this comment and tell them
what the next mod is by Anthony you guys
should install a mini-fridge mod on the
toy car ok guys so the question is how
are we going to put a mini-fridge on
that car maybe huh laughs that hatch the
mini-fridge
we got the longboard here I think this
might worked where you lay it down put
mini-fridge on it like this and then put
on a tow package that's the vehicle I
want to drive
so Edgar actually does have a
mini-fridge which is very convenient
I actually remember as a young kid I
wanted a mini-fridge so bad just because
I thought it was so cool I didn't have
to like go upstairs to parents fridge
and get snacks I could just have my own
little fridge in my room have drinks and
snacks on back whenever I want I ended
up did getting one but it ended up being
not as cool as I anticipated but I hope
you enjoyed that story guys here we are
oh just doing some reading but this is
the frontage of solace take this out
okay if you guys remember all these
thoughts is pretty much we used in a
hotshot to challenge that was the worst
video we've ever made like for my
systems yeah so if you haven't seen that
go watch it hotshot
here's our YouTube clock as well YouTube
sent this it's pretty sweet here's the
hundred thousand but this is a million
is just like unreal it's even better
than this moment just kidding it fell
apart hey youtube if you're watching
this why does it do this mine did this
too well hasn't fully fallen off but
yeah this is a sticky um yeah so also
any other youtubers have this problem
let us know I really would help Andrew
with a lot of this but he has to do most
of it cuz you know cast crew don't see
you Beaufort Wow
at least get the door oh we're going to
take up a sub and see if it'll actually
fit in in replace of where the sub is
currently right
oh it just why what yeah you know we're
gonna need just a few things for
security purposes yeah if we need some
bumps this we're just going flying man
oh there's a feisty battle going on the
sick this ant ant verse daddy longlegs I
seen ant one yeah spider or no moving
whoa for the tightening oh yeah this is
your watchword you did it not complete
we put our bring this together and came
up with a solution that you'll never
believe tada
is operational now we got to fill it up
with a drink and take it for a spin
it's actually being a still able to pull
with that heavy fridge on the back every
Hey oh it fell out what do you think
about the fridge needs a bridge works
I'm really thirsty do you have a
beverage yeah man check this out Thanks
awesome man yes oh really man did you
enjoy your beverage well I want to
reflect my hand guys oh this would be
kind of funny to have a UCCS oh yeah at
college you had a college right hey man
you want some ice cold otter pops book
and drinks and stuff yeah Oh Olivia so
that was mod number two let's move on to
mod number three install figis to the
back try and screw them in Thank You
Jacob let's try for some reason I don't
know where all my fidgets win so we're
going to buy some more
yay I see them emoji we get three yeah
okay
hey new digits
this one's got emojis these ones are
glow-in-the-dark open these up now big
 thank you
sorry - geez dude Jess
alright boys we're back in business all
business
really bro a crap
right so Anthony's comment specifically
said to use screws
we're following directions so will this
work we don't know but we try yes you
did
haters back off the orange one kind of
glitched up on what happened to that
it's like me reverse mode okay mush out
Wow
research is moving going to work me too
I thought the screw which is I could
obliterate the thing you won't let yeah
what do you think guys does this work
yeah the Rory six they're sitting on one
of them the spigot I'm sitting on digit
it stops when you spin
let's go one two ten that was insane
cool I don't know about you guys but we
can't even like hope we can hang cuz
you're way too cool yeah man we are at
the conclusion of today's vlog friends
yeah but thanks for all D mod
suggestions hope you liked this first
episode of worst mod ideas oh yeah I was
fun
and before we go shout out to Toro todd
he said I subscribe and hit that Bell so
odd if you want to be like this guy
subscribe hit that Bell every time I hit
the bell that's what happens hit that
Bell
alright I did what okay that's how many
people are hitting the bell wats what
we'll see you guys back here tomorrow
for another more tasty blog have a great
day goodbye
