hey guys are the best can you fix it oh
it's focused okay
hey hey everyone welcome back the vlogs
and happy fourth of July I didn't wear
my fourth of July's Arjun my I hope
that's okay
well no I'm so mad ha anyways we're
going to start the vlog off with a
simple prank actually once you tell them
why and hun who why because it's funny
on who Aaron and his cohorts as a house
since it's the 4th of July they're
having like people over from like noon
until the dawn yeah I said like just all
day and all day party going on so we're
just gonna okay check this out
Oh probably seen these before bunch of
balloons so we've got these we've got
minion style as well the 400 watt
ability Pole right so we're hoping that
people are outside so we can sneak over
look in the backyard from the fence and
just fire balloons and then run away and
hide so they don't know who did it might
be funny so oh it'll be funny but I'm
pretty sure they'll know who did it well
I'm just that's my guess you don't guess
- yeah that's my I guess - my Jeffrey he
sees anyway this world
so this screws on to the hoses and then
they filled up okay come on Pierre and
you know one of my favorite things is
know when stuff just works I love that
idea
okay now you turn it on you put on a
flat surface like so and then when the
balloons are full you pull em off and it
ties themselves fired up holy it's
working ah how do you know in their
fault
now we lost quite a bit I mean there
were some casualties but for the most
part it's so cool they just tie
themselves fishing that's so fun this is
so rare huh and we have the cooler here
we can just fill up with water balloons
I guarantee bees word it sounds like a
tight let me just hold down whoa that's
so cool
it's behold wonder oh ha ha ha open up
the treasure chest but uh yes
looks like golden there's a lot of
minions but there's some pink and white
purple with yellow means on heat now
there's time to attack all right guys we
are in the neighborhood right now I see
no many people walking around let's get
a quick zoom in for you guys you see
this even walking they're going to the
errand house they're leaving the air in
the house oh they probably think that
I'm taking pics but I'm not don't worry
oh thanks you're on YouTube Thanks we're
global your cars okay here's our house
with a man I should have some they're
probably over here we're going to go
around back right yeah gotta go on the
side this is gonna be epic
yeah they'll never see us back there
sorry to bring this whole thing over to
the fence without being seen we're just
gonna be over there quick so I don't see
it in the window whoa who is that I
think that their roommate I always look
when we're over here why just don't tell
on us okay bud
can't you see we're trying to go viral
go back in the house and shut the door
bud ah
we can either option a run for it option
B sit in the car
option C go home I will don't worry
about it
we have to pick over the fence to see
what they're doing out there yes there's
no sign of the Internet but here's the
questioning
did we just attack these people we don't
know or wait for Aaron and Nick to go
outside I don't know really what is
going on
go ahead that oh we thought you were
Erin do it just like my brothers sings
pops so immediate impact to return it so
it's like easy access or should we go
over here okay we got the blue set up
the wait a minute till more people come
outside I'd be outside right now I mean
come on who wants meat inside
no there's a spy hole on me bug because
before I see Nick
there's make on the right what there's
ten people on okay I could just like put
it on the fence right here fire fire no
we're firing back here okay hurry we
need to escape Oh
and show them the most powerful one yet
may be small but it's gonna hurt back
the house now and andrew has a really
good thought we both came up this but
what if because we still have some
balloons look left if we fill them up
and we did this Oh
so as you guys know the nerf rival is
pretty powerful
yeah so we just refilled the cooler took
about ten seconds yeah now we're going
to see I'm gonna hold it and you fire
that hit it I don't like it
whoa that hit it I wasn't so durable
this is being less fun than I was hoping
the bullet hurt dangers a viral idea
watch out balloons
yeah well I can subscribe alright I'm a
sort of Justin now in the face
are you getting the forehead yeah okay I
mean like practice so I don't mess up
the filming while I throw it ready oh
yeah hit me right there okay oh it's so
hot out guys this build awesome Justin's
going to get in the trampoline I'm going
to chuck a bunch of balloons and at the
Dodger huh
almost poink yeah ha what up man hey
check this out yeah I guess 2 bucks for
me I guess
back at the house now friends and I
haven't changed because completely
forgot to wear this shirt today so at
the fourth decline we got some food here
we got a few friends coming over
got some salsas here just having a
pregame snack and then we got some
burgers some bison burgers and then
probably we'll just spend the evening
playing some spike ball or something
outside and eating just having good chat
you know keeping it really simple and
calm nothing too crazy this year
well guys whoa oh those are not in style
anymore
why oh no YouTube well guys now and what
else you want to say before you say bye
I don't know just ah I hope you smiled
today
yeah and just leave some comments of
what you guys want to see us do more of
what you want to see next and tomorrow
we've flown the idea that was well my
thought too but what he said yeah happy
for the Glock 4th of July everyone see
you later goodbye
