hey everyone and welcome back to more
Jisoo for Friday yes I'm so excited if
you haven't report Friday together in a
couple of weeks yeah we're sorry about
that guys but we're back at it and
Andrew asked you guys on Twitter or
something
yeah just want to know what you guys
wanted to see for a fourth Friday and a
lot of you are client a dog food for it
so that's what we're gonna try and do
today you guys asked you shall receive
and another surprise we'll show you in a
minute though
okay we may have an issue folks what
happened you're doing like reorganizing
I don't know but this is I can there's
you can walk on both sides of it so
there's not like a wall water ball is
here this is a cool I go for it in
itself though yeah if we belong
I push these forward yeah good try but
aren't these like heavy and I can't do
much also we're going to be going live
in the fort on live knee so you should
download the app in the description so
you can follow us on all of our live
streams right guys that'll be awesome if
you haven't already been pulling most of
you may call us but now get to work
here's the cat food
searching Definitely Maybe not dogs
without this maybe we've never done a
cat food for before this sounds funny
oh my goodness
that's what you call it toilet paper
castle
we have searched the whole store and
what do you think there's a few options
they're really doing some upgrades to
the toilet paper section which is clear
but I think we're going to try cat food
I haven't done that before yeah it's
kind of like dog food and then maybe
someday the toilet paper section here
will be really cool all the way of
building forth with a broken wrist is a
lot harder than you think especially
with these bags I can't even pick up up
but I'm in this is a cat food Fork might
as well grab some cat beds oh this is
perfect
welcome
I am Wow do these beds are so complete
insane
give it back
we're just going to move these bags guys
so now we can extend a little bit
because the ad is a little small in here
Andrew be quiet
you guys yes
you stock bag or food bags are heavy by
the way 16 pounds this one is 22 pounds
but when you stack them up they add yeah
so that's 22 44 66 pounds
okay boy
yeah you did it there wasn't any left
oh yeah Oh what we didn't tell you guys
is we brought do two speakers so we're
going to try and pull some pranks while
on the court you know it's funny but we
also want to find some glow sticks to
light it up it's dark right to low
necklaces and more these are red white
blue because it's almost the fourth of
July everyone I'm excited it's tradition
guys always get snacks when you can
build a fort
what do we got our traditional chip
we've gotten this to pass how many
forest five they're good and look what
we found is the good poplar not the crap
pop-tarts
they're organic and good so a strawberry
or oh your man we have purchased the
food Andrews in the fort right now but
he's going to hand you the Bluetooth
speaker I'm going to set it over there
across from the fort and there we're
going to have some Bluetooth fun
oh yeah thanks okay ice on it I put it
right here
perfect all right Andrew play I do a
test mom
speaker setup now let's get the call
sticks out so we can make it fun in here
dude it's Bobby's car normalizable
appointment okay it's ready to see the
glow oh boy
this looks like dope guys yeah providing
some sweet light edge plus so making
this a potty room I'm so excited
sure it won't
yeah whereas we won't what is it time
for pranks
okay got 100 over here oh no he's just
bug bite
OAP congratulations on the wall art
giveaway robot we help don't wanna
praise all the doorbell for no reason
less circuses
we dinosaur owner I'm glad they top that
guys that was loud then if they heard
that way over there gone head person
checked
we're going live uh-huh say you feel
everything
what long low ball and funds anything
why don't we get one of our pieces go
for drama
Oh
absolutely
got big here folks
kind of focused there you go guys
hey the class
yeah time to place on music it will bake
we're trying this new flavor kind of our
we're keeping the tradition going guys
yeah we've been getting this every
single time but a different flavor so
what's this one pineapple coconut yeah
okay and what's your snack tradition the
better than ours
mmm no is yours cat food is that man
over there if he looks we're stable
or from the one I prefer Guam today only
the holy pond you 5% off the alligator I
don't even have a dog
I just wanted to point out that this guy
sat on the chips
during the whole broadcast our thanks
bud oh I thought we can try that was
just a special update now back to the
fort Andrew just figured out you can we
can record what you can record audio and
it will play like our own voice so what
the images recorded ready a while bring
the whole thing with all I'm Apollo both
all you didn't got out safe and sound
Thank You otters
as you see we're back home now yeah
leave a like for for Friday's thanks for
watching guys and thanks for this
comment by the way we appreciate it
well yeah thanks but before we go if you
guys get this to 20,000 likes next Sport
Friday we're going to do a toilet paper
restaurant probably wondering what does
that mean
well I guess you're gonna have to wait
and see yeah alright bye guys
