what's up goes back to vlogs thanks for
joining us today
make sure you follow some snapchat by
the way ok ha oh we're going to an epic
fun vlog today if you've been watching
for a bit we have been doing the toy car
prank and mods and we haven't done a new
mod in a while so we're still working on
the speed mods that's coming it's not
today but we have a funny one that's
just going to be epic yes let's go down
to the garage to see how cool the car
looks right now yes I did just take it
to the car wash hey yeah looking fresh
but for those of you who haven't been
watching our videos for a while we
installed the subwoofer and into this
toy car but we have some other cool mods
that we want to do so let's get to it so
you guys know we love nerf guns and a
lot of you who have been leaving some
comments for us to do a nerf gun mod on
this way car so we have a few custom
nerf guns that we have modded ourselves
check it out but Andrew said he has a
turret what Aaron when he was kid mode
well let's go get it then
alright over any interest parents house
Mickey Andrews old Aaron Aaron we
haven't seen Aaron in a while yeah look
at aw hey who misses Aaron press the
like button who's interested in the
chili pepper light swag well it's what I
didn't I don't know what the word swag
means now that it's on this box I know
my whole world is just confused ok guys
she's nerve guns
and there to move all this crap oh we
found it
tripods really like to be driving at the
guns decided we're on a car coming to
yet so this is perfect little tripod
their turf case battery there we go
distance is this going to be a problem
what what load battery original yep
another spare mag oh yes we're at the
store guys because we need some
batteries RV that and then we'll be good
to go some D batteries to talk while
Craig we didn't check to make sure what
style it was okay
clean this how this thing is ancient old
well you can't really see on camera but
what is all that in there
looks like corrosion battery corrosion
that you feel under it to work even if
it doesn't work we have to install this
I just know something very strange I
don't know if this is a scope I've been
thinking it's a scope but now that I saw
this other side you can't even see out
of it so is this a light or why is it
why did Aaron put this on here this is
the worst mod I ever seen I don't know
why they still have these make these
batteries they make your and huge I'm
begging you
where's the backside there it is we
slide it in like so just go down
come on look what's going on
what they don't work or what shoot
manual mode oh come on I want to auto
mode oh you guys before we continue this
mod we got to get some quick lunch
because there's some secret menu thing
we got to show you guys okay for lunch
we're here at chick-fil-a recently I
found out that chick-fil-a has a secret
menu look is this real or not let's find
out yeah so I really want to see if they
have the spicy grilled chicken sandwich
which is not on the menu
if they have it I will be so happy I'm
trying a new barbecue sandwich
thingamajigger oh yeah they have another
new sandwich guys so let's show you a
day of newness Andrew Andrew let me make
me say ah do you guys make the spicy
grilled cheese bicycle cheese
oh I've never heard of that no actually
wait what was it oh I saw you guys look
like a secret menu do you have a spicy
grilled chicken sandwich um we can make
that but we do not have a secret menu
just so you know Oh like a spoof -
somebody put on the internet just to
make all of our guests mad
oh it's a buffalo sandwich okay we can't
do now okay we're going to park it here
pressing on with that quite all right
have a great day all right we're back
food reviews this is the barbecue bacon
buster Wow that just looks amazing to
begin with and then this spicy grill oh
dude yes I smell good
just dig right in you guys gotta try
this yes it does take about seven to ten
minutes to make just forewarn and how
rare it is but it's def worth it I says
soon oh yeah okay figure it out this is
going to be so cool so we'll put the
turret mount right here and angels got
the toolbox out now install let's get to
work
move you now let's make sure yes
it's installed noticed I put the gun on
it and this is going to be the coolest
vehicle move town
we got a tear it on here hey that's a
cool oh my gosh guys is the coolest yeah
like two feet what there we go pulling
the automatic work the turret circle
I need backup hurry give me this thing
there's a target waiting ahead please
take care of it yes sir
- you did
please
you
oh you're having way too much fun to
this day Andrew you left your ammo over
here all the bullets to now guys imagine
if we can get this like our Power Wheels
to go fast
that's the next big mod we really want
to do because potentially future mod
idea we can install some sort of hitch
and attach it like a backseat for one of
us yeah so when you go into battle you
not only got the turd on the front but
you got a wingman on the back and I'm
not even going to tell you this other
mod idea it's just going to blow you
away but again keep leaving us ideas in
the comments of mods because a lot of
you said this one for like that's a good
deal let's do it so these will
governments will check them out get in
any other gun we use oh boy ah sorry
sneak attack Wow by the way guys because
it actually kind of stink where did I
shoot you in the least like on the bone
like the funny bones no oh that's okay
but Wow nerf guns have stepped up their
game oh one thing we didn't tell them we
want to go to a nerf gun arena maybe
soon sooner than later
yeah so if you want to see that be sure
to leave a comment yeah cuz we we went
to a nerf place like a long time ago
yeah that was like over a year ago a lot
of you guys think that video did really
well but that was before they had these
yeah imagine DS in a nerf gun er man
that would be so cool I think like on a
Friday night or something maybe Saturday
but they do like bigger kids nights with
like these guns so and we probably have
like 5 or 6 rivals total oh yeah
definitely so we can have a whole army
of bros their revivals you arid whole
crew and then the next attachment this
thing yeah do you know what this is I do
if I'm not missing anything because
people have to infer in their own brain
qaulity next this is the end of the vlog
but what we haven't done something in a
very long time yeah we haven't done
comment of the day in a very long time
oh but let's do it let's do some
comments real quick yes Louis says oh my
gosh this video is golden lol those two
the last video by the way
so I'm glad you like that water variant
when Justin jumped off all I thought was
that he'd rested a castaway so funny
ah bones good yeah I am glad some of you
are leaving you know comments about the
video as we've noticed sometimes comment
sections can get pretty spammy yeah so
do you like reading comments about the
video then a main point so if you want
to be in a future coming up today that's
all you got to do it really just say
something relevant well guys thanks for
watching
bye
