- one welcome back to today's vlog guys
you have a fun idea we're going to do
today and we're here with Matt OH
Sibella Sean oh I mean that's pretty
just talk
what's up yeah he filled this up with
would you say 200 oh wait what yeah say
it take it 24 old severely is flat back
but two-ply so you taste 2 or 25 pounds
okay and you just run that up to 250 now
yeah and you just jump off the deck
good grief really disappeared that's so
epic but uh yeah wow this is the most
toilet paper I've ever seen at one time
Oh trust me there was more yesterday
really yeah I think we a bunch all my
heart oh that is cool ah there I guess I
like a heart well he's not pretty
Andrea are you going to do a cool jump
up off
that's pretty piled up they just like
throw your foot out and then right okay
how do you and all your buddies do flips
off this thing giddy up I guess does it
sit under the gun hey how's the weather
down there
yeah
amen all right see ya don't sweat out
the toilet paper though where'd he go
what's the bill do you know you should
have done before you unroll all those
made a little fort I know I'm actually
thinking that I'm going to go find my
own house kidding you is this it's a
battery charger slash air compressor
thing Bob that's rare dude okay we're
using another bowl today oh yeah we did
teleport over here well you're probably
know we're doing sir clicked on this
video and you saw the title thumbnail
but it's going to be fun but you got
buoys up right John put a how'd you
explain this I'm on the car guy so it's
like an exhaust yeah it's a different
exhaust it makes it super tinted what
what okay that are fresh car look at
this fresh clean teen job yeah man they
only made 500 of them in this color
no yeah what so this is really rare dad
is hey ray ready
rabbit rabbit rapid
you're scaring dad oh man little bit ago
yeah I'm so glad they have these pump it
look taking forever there we go
that's not looking good is your first
time in a bubble
yeah the battle has begun
I mean such a funny prank if we could
put clothes over this they did that we
did the bodybuilder one oh yeah like the
head looks so funny it like this is like
yeah think about your head Shan stares
mom okay he said he's going to jump off
the top of this balcony here in the
bubble ball let me maybe I should go up
there get up there probably wouldn't try
this but I don't want to hurt this
anymore
oh really are you sure yeah you would I
would I can't get on the back of my
dad's agree oh yeah oh good you got the
good actor Sean's gonna get back up here
I'm a male multi age with the bubble bar
oh yeah raise the charge yes why alright
I'm Vonda we are filming that was epic
yeah I like that hit Von Miller I'm
gonna land like I'm right back sideways
on them okay you're closer all right oh
yeah I gotta get come on
Thank You Lee yeah good I don't let that
stop you yeah I hope you guys dumpy
able to do that straight for this yeah
I'm ready make sure that you leave a
like for more days do they put a lot of
another video and I feel like Matt puts
more effort into his videos he does
really good at it so yeah check out his
channel subscribe and then jumper
because they didn't all right duh
yeah but whoa what oh my god what are we
going to be I can be decided on one
doing in the middle yeah now I did a
backup like oh oh my
if dad did it you can do it yeah thumbs
up like and subscribe first ever cast
balcony jump off into toilet paper world
record know that I can still do tricks
with rip hey whoa can you catch the
camera I don't
oh yeah I'm gonna get a first person
we're not first person the close-up view
Matthews gonna do another oh geez well
yeah
well okay you guys one more how to
backflip all I have to do is get a
crap-ton toilet paper put it in
trampoline okay what was that Justin's
going to show you something fun whoa
whoa not ever
Oh Halloween it looks like you just went
to the bathroom why did I get a big
occasion soldier
of it check this out double front with
the fraction oh you're kidding me show
are you kidding me
alright so we're going to the mall now
and what's the plan Scott well we got
this guy we're going to surprise some
people with foie gras
five four three two one go and we got a
bubble balls so so we can do bubbles
floors lava is gonna be fun
challenges just whatever happens there
at the mall we go whoa hey buddy you
wanna race
okay switch cameras because the other
one died but that's all right we got
this we're at the mall and we're gonna
do some floors long so we're waiting for
those two freaks to get back here Oh
back off and I think they burned up I'm
in Cornwall in five five four what oh he
burned oh that's right nipple really bad
we just killed them Andrew you're gonna
have to use the bubble ball we're gonna
do the floors a lot of challenge you
can't use your hands you can use your
feet so let's try are you ready yeah
lava a horse lava you have to do the
countdown hurry five all right okay it's
Matthew's turn
the floor is lava 5 4 3 2 1 the floor is
lava 5 4 3 2 all right we're filming out
here and we just renamed to Matthew he
watches the vid hi guys how long you
been watchin bro oh I watch side I don't
know I want my cousin told me sunny look
at he 24 he told me a while back and
I've been watching you guys a long time
oh man we really appreciate it
yeah you found it yeah you later what
are you doing up there Matthew he got it
I gave him in he oh yeah we were open
yes
oh yeah Jay sign problem virtus enter
the floor is lava 5 4 3 2 look so I
buggers just working a Justin floors
lava
5 4 3 2 1
ready
the ground is lava 500 the floor is lava
5 4 3 2 safe put it over Andrew is going
to show us
pinball mode what alright guys I think
that concludes today's little fun
adventure with Mack and beauty
what anyways leave a like and let us
know what other fun things you want to
see us do anything else you guys want to
say the ground is lava 501 Oh Andrew now
subscribe to Matt what's your channel
Matthew going on the Ohioan don't forget
to baby
not that it matters but I'm on there too
okay to keep beautiful see you guys next
time make sure you're watching some more
just to get the like button via the
subscribe button and turn all those
photos features you probably get a shout
out because you can get shy on my
channel to go subscribe mind to but my
gosh yeah a great day see that way
you
