great morning more juice too hope you're
having a great day today we want to do
our first RV mods on the inside finally
because you guys know we have a lot of
problems and we need a lot of updates I
know we've been working on this like
engine for the weeks and we're actually
kind of getting tired of that so we want
to like do something creative for once
Before we jump into purchasing and
figuring out exactly what we want to do
to the inside the mods and stuff we need
some help from an expert and we know
just the person to call since we have no
idea what we're doing
we need help what why don't we just fast
forward to yesterday good idea let's do
it alright guys so we have a special
guest for this segment of the vlog are
you ready
meet mr. drew Scott going good oh it
will be that's an understatement
actually thanks for taking the time to
jump on this call with us guys we wanted
to have him on the call because if you
don't know him how about we just let you
give a quick introduction to everybody
who may not know who you are yeah this
is the outside so so we bought the thing
for twelve hundred bucks so it has many
concerns and problems with it but this
is the outside this is actually for
selling ice cream so we're actually
going to convert that into a movable
window
the previous owners took out the carpet
which was right here thanks yes yes the
pad yes we're trying to figure out what
to do with this but here's just a quick
brief overview we got a kitchen not
haven't tried to figure out if it was
working or not but we did use Clorox
disinfecting wipes so at least at least
it's safe yeah the only problem is I'm
not sure if we really want to try this
yeah you know when we bought it he
didn't give us too much detail on the
history of this guy so have been the
countertops are just not a natural stone
so your flooring I wouldn't steal a tile
or or hardwood get a linoleum that can
look like something I circulate but
that's the original shag carpet we got
it's nice to keep some historic features
that's basically the gist of this thing
I mean one thing we need is more
sleeping area so we have like this whole
space feel a lot bigger window coverings
are important we're thinking to maybe
since we're probably not going to be
using this bathroom is like taking all
this stuff out and maybe putting
something else in replace of it what do
you think replace this for adventures
yeah you want to come over you may be
reconsidering what RVs you guys
so I would definitely check into that
first because the last thing you want to
do is try and just cover it up and then
you still have it in in the space that's
not healthy for you don't debrief that
would be perfect that's great smart move
on your end as well well yeah you're a
busy guy but thanks for taking the time
to you know chat with us and give us
some needed advice because of some
direction yeah this is quite the mess
anything else you want to say to the
fans out there who are watching thank
you thank you thank you well then we'll
do something good here it's got
potential
perfect I am a fan whoa that was awesome
I bet you guys weren't expecting mr.
drew Scott yeah thanks
drew for coming on and giving us some
great advice today we're gonna go you
know do some of the ideas you came up
right so what are we gonna do first you
think I don't even know where to start
cuz I'm gonna do the wall paint stuff
but I also worried about the roofing
mold
Home Depot this is the place you get fun
snacks for projects
okay let's remember his tips keep it
light you waiting it down in it we
already know that engine is a little
unstable so yeah that's true
blind upgrades possibly Oh even cooler
really they're mine
I found something we need grab it
we know the roof is kind of leaking we
don't know if it's still leaking but
this stuff should seal it and we should
be safe
that's the boringest thing of all the
mods but it's gotta get done so since
the roof may have mold we're gonna redo
it with this sort of plywood then it's a
huge piece it'll look so much better
look at that we can even paint over it
perfect all right let's load her up
no oh I just came up with a brilliant
idea that actually costs $0 check this
out so they have all these samples here
free and it doesn't say you can't take
like only one you can take however many
you want so we can take all the samples
and just combine them to make an aviary
strange flooring slash design I'm in
think we got also the supplies we need
at this store get a bucket of goodies
top to make it quite fit oh please don't
fall out
I'm trying anyways this is wallpaper so
please have wallpaper yeah we never been
here before we're trying to get some
brick wallpaper so I lit a habit if this
place has got lots of wallpaper oh yeah
that one wallpaper for it yeah we could
probably build a fort in here but I
found this one it's kind of like it's
like a grey break it's kind of cool I
like that one the best so far
okay we just left and came up with the
idea instead of using all these
wallpapers and such which in there that
we found a wallpaper that was 60 bucks
it's like no cheaper than that Plus we'd
have to get glue and prepare it and cut
it and measure it and all these steps so
we get one of the either small buckets
or a spray paint that's chalk wall very
easy and we just paint it over and it's
a black wall and you could draw on the
wall of chalk very cool so it would
complement the white with the black then
you can put color on it and write cool
things shout outs
like to the RV Wow
you guys have to throw away all this
junk aw man
oh it's just horrific no rail will fix
it though okay finally Oh finally we can
start getting to work yes it's so windy
and cold out as well there we go okay
now our safe and secure from Elm old
though yeah we're looking good so I
couldn't find the hammer so we got this
thing so you're gonna destroy the roof
right is that a good idea very bad it's
demolition day something's happening
that's what's happening brain down no
all right let's get a light all right
where do you see up in there it's not as
mouldy as I thought it was gonna be but
so this is the wallpaper that we don't
like so we're gonna get rid of it with
this okay but what about this thing do
we just take off I don't know this thing
doesn't even work okay
dang roof not bad
our new roof is gonna be so much better
this soggy wet sheet kind of really I
feel it's like kind of wet
I have discovered something a bit
unusual it's like this whole like roof
piece somebody added on on top see it's
like added on top of the original roof
which is this which is what all this
goes to snow is back to normal
we got the non-existent non-working
device off almost I think it's a heater
but taking off this there we go and we
put plywood on it just as a flat it's
time to cut the piece of wood go we
didn't really measure very well so
hoping it fits
that's because look we measured the here
and look it bends maybe hey put this
side in up first oh yes of course so
we're doing our best guys we got the
board basically up it already looks
better but a lot of these nails won't
stay in and we're just putting them
everywhere see there's a lot of the wood
is like warm water damaged made some
pretty good progress actually on this
roof I mean look at this other side on
now again most of these screws would
barely stand so that's the annoying part
let's see you got a you tried right here
yeah cuz it actually like roof pieces so
like disturbed FBI it looks better than
the before yeah once we paint it it'll
look just beautiful
maybe a blow dryer if you heat it up
paper I'll peel off because the glue
amount not sure that's what I thought
and then we have the countertop to do
which that'll look nice with a nice
chocolate walnut look that good I think
we're very close to running so this is
that's why we started the mods a little
premature but that's alright yeah I just
love this ceiling guys is so beautiful
Wow we know it was you Buford
Kevin's in this kennel you can't hide it
from me thanks a lot pal anyways this is
the end yeah some of these mods actually
do take longer than expect it so we
can't like do a ton yeah I'm glad we had
a little bit of progress today and we
got supplies for the next round of mods
so thanks for watching today and hang
out with us if you enjoyed the mods
you're gonna like like and we'll
definitely do some more see you back
here tomorrow buddy
