well good morning guys how's it going he
turns all different senses if you guys
have watched the other vlog where I got
injured dirt biking I flew off the dirt
bike and landed on my wrist at first I
thought you know it was all gonna be
okay because I was able to move it
around and such okay
yeah what happened wait to see the bike
go over there and I kind of oh I fell
off landed on my wrist I don't think
it's broke though because I can like
move it and it's just it feels strained
a little bit but that happened yesterday
so slept on it couldn't really sleep it
was hurting and now today locked up on
that little perennial thumbs when we get
there I'm having to tell this but I
literally my wrist hurts very bad and I
cannot move it that well I mean I can
move all my fingers and stuff but it's
just like I cannot really bend it it's
just evil vile right now you say that
you can't sleep last night
like and it's very very swollen why are
you being so cool yeah I'm blogging with
my left in it looks like it's awkward I
can't I really can't hold stuff up
anyways we're going to like what is this
hole for you're going to go to energy
care um because we're going to go to
like a primary care but they didn't have
like the x-ray in their office and so we
want to go to a one-stop shop yeah
just in case we need it next raise but
yeah it's very hot out today hopefully
yeah well we'll figure out what exactly
happened to my hand I don't know if
they're going to want to get x-rated or
not but Wow here we are emergent care or
no urgent care and it's your time I am
right handed so Brittany's helping me
out thanks babe
I could write with my left hand like
that
however changed rooms now she was just
getting her in temperature and all that
jazz
she did say they ordered my x-ray I
never really looked at it yet so keep
you guys updated not sure what is your
pain tolerance right now
I are like what is your budget feel like
right now I got a scale from one to ten
we got college to paint
you can see it's a seven you can see the
how swollen it is right here there's no
yeah like you can tell my gosh guys it
just continues plus your heart it just
continued his hand continues there's
nothing there I forgot to tell you guys
we're going to desperation okay oh yeah
tell them it's just like big have been
big like worship event and like a bunch
of those speakers are going to be there
it's from tonight into like Thursday wow
it's going to be so fun it's real like
young adults like to cry a lot of you
guys watching this so we're going to go
there tonight's it's the opening night
they're having like some epic worship
and the most being but what are these
are these Tigers yeah on the cock you'd
um third-parties your face is missing
having a little bit of Jesus hangs and
Buzz urgent-care room
both sides
five hours later I know they know that
you're filming they don't they don't
want to come
yes I could clamp
I saw fracturing he says is in the
scaphoid so I want you to show me first
of all point to me where it hurts
like
this is just a ploy Ariel if you hand
over I want to look at this so you
snapped it right there and pad as also
but it doesn't go all the way through so
that's a good thing yeah that looks
really cool though you know excited are
you okay
Miss Universe beeps for like walls
driven just absolute bonkers you're
seeing right by the door come closer
come closer
yeah okay or no
ah not really on camera I think it looks
weird Ranbir go away yeah Oh
back at the house now as you guys saw I
got this thing on my hand now I got to
wear for a bit 24/7 I think and then
soon I'm waiting for a call from a hand
specialist because then they're going to
take a deeper look at this and see
anything else needs Appin or how I
should go about healing it because if
you guys heard the bone that may be
slightly fracture is a hard bone to heal
because not much circulation gets to it
something like that so yeh but anyways
we're back at house we're making some
food right now we got the table set we
are making some bison burgers oh yeah
these aren't all for us by the way
though so I'm really excited about that
Davey how are you doing we haven't seen
you in the blogs in a bit yeah good you
know this house is so hot because we
don't have any feet we only have swamp
coolers but Oh super hot out we have
just made it to New Life Church this is
where they're having desperation you
guys should totally look it up if you
don't know what it is but we're going to
try and film some of it and we're also
here with Jacob and Lindsey okay
remember if we've told you guys but
Jacobs married now by the lake which is
pretty what and we haven't actually
haven't seen Jacob in about five days so
it's good to be reunited how are you
doing Jacob good good
are you excited for this very short yeah
this was like aspirin this is like the
biggest church in our city
pretty cool guy this is insane and
literally this is like the main people
who are here are young adults and teens
so it's just like it's the coolest in a
bunch of young adults on fire for God
heck yeah you guys are off a little back
come on
okay you're like we were just talking
are you talking about you my gosh guys I
wish I could have I wish you all were
just there first night holy cow that was
so good the worship was just out of this
world so many people were healed tonight
and I feel like a big revival is
happening and I want you guys to be a
part of it even though you a lot of you
most of you weren't able to go to that
and there's two more days of this
actually two full days this is like a an
event that people travel to I don't know
if you've ever heard of it but anyways
um God is doing big things and I'm
excited to see how it continues to work
and not only my life but your guys lives
having a relationship with God guys is
seriously life-changing I can't even
really tell you how life-changing it is
but I know a lot of you may be
struggling with something they're going
through a hard time but you need to know
that God is here and he loves you and he
cares for you he wants the best for you
so I encourage you to know you know
maybe just open the Bible and start
reading some pages I know God will speak
to you through that and open up your
heart and heal you too he's done for me
he's doing it every single day so I
could I could go on a long little spiel
about that but yeah I'm pretty tired
right now and my wrist is killing me
I hope the specialist calls tomorrow
because I don't know how long I you know
can take this pain it's only temporary
right right
well guys we'll see you back here
tomorrow thanks so much for watching be
happy because you can and we appreciate
you guys coming back here and watching
the box
