good morning my friends we have
continued our journey we are in Italy
right now we Rome to be exact
this is where we're staying this hotel
it's right next to the Vatican City so
we're going to start today off by going
there and today we're really just going
to explore the city so come along with
us
there are so many people here I knew the
Vatican was popular but Lyon goodness
like every day is a Super Bowl I have no
idea where anything is we're just kind
of wandering around hoping we find what
we want to find trying to find the
Sistine Chapel which is home where this
is the Hall of statues lots and lots and
lots and lots where's my wife
the stranger at you this guy's tickling
his foot it looks like also disclaimer
there's a lot of genitalia just
everywhere so that happens to be on
camera wasn't on purpose this is the way
they do art here account this next room
really see later
so we got the earth here but this one I
think is really cool it's a globe with
all the constellations on it so awesome
I love space and stars so it would be
fun to have wasn't allowed to film or
taking pictures in the chapel but it was
pretty cool
I got to tell you guys something this
whole time I'm looking at the paintings
and stuff and all I could think about is
trying to find clues like in the movie
The Da Vinci Code and the other one so
I'm on the search for clues to something
and this is the line to go inside
it looks cool and outside I mean forget
the gist we're making our way to the
Coliseum but it's kind of a long walk in
pushing 90 degrees outside so it's
pretty hot out we get there fast for our
tours looking it
there it is the Colosseum for running so
we don't miss our two overtimes we made
it for men to stare good job whoa
Hey look there's a bear in here but
first let me take a selfie
one against tonight it's only wasps are
two of my favorite movies and two of the
best movies ever made probably our
Braveheart black shirt
Braveheart was in Scotland gladiator was
here in Rome did you plan this I didn't
want the hassle I've never seen banquet
tell them I want to watch both those
movies hopefully they're on the airplane
home yeah if we do everything I need I
think
like oh you try life is eventer movie oh
oh
Stalin was better yeah I do want to go a
different person Italy like then it
would be good our Milan is pretty cool
the room is good medium I look at ya
just imagine for a second a bunch of
gladiators down there battling
life expectancy for a cloud years like
25 30 years old I'm 25 right now so I'd
be towards the end of my life as a
gladiator oh I thought there's a travel
tip for you guys if you're going
somewhere that has a big attraction
check out the ticket like a couple
months in advance because sometimes
there's tickets that you had to buy way
before like when I went to the Statue of
Liberty to go to the very top you had to
reserve a month in advance go to the
dungeons here if you know where you're
going and ahead of time check out the
tickets and you can go on the cool -
Mamma Mia the pizza but you get it
I'm so ready to devour this and get the
Colosseum right there it's just perfect
time to check out the Pantheon I do a
lot of these places you're not allowed
to film or take pictures in so how much
let's make vlogs guns we got some
lasagna for dinner it was very good but
you're tired out the walls you right now
yeah I'm going to wake up pretty early
because we're driving the Tom pay
tomorrow not like we're not like were
driving it's a bus to tour so that's
going to be really fun and I don't think
I've shown you guys the hotel room so
we'll just do a quick mini tour and
that's it wait you get to show them the
bathroom blue excellent
ah no so that's it
goodnight see in the morning it's
morning now it's like 6:45 654 walk into
the bus pickup zone it's like a 20
minute walk not bad rooms pretty cool
because you can just be walking around
then all sudden find a cool kitchen
structure
double doors oh that's the bus party
yeah you're going to think we're going
to be driving on a goat trail which is
really a two-lane highway traffic taking
a stretch break about an hour and a half
an hour three hour bus ride really
exciting three the height Mount Vesuvius
volcano Tommy a football and soccer that
we love that we hated before the morning
kind of lumping the guys this is
mountain Vesuvius an active volcano
if it's deeper than anticipated then if
you want a good workout just run up this
hill
oh yeah the clog we can't really see it
now but that was the city of Naples
which is behind the fog actually gonna
have lunch there
it's--we take a look at this in your
vocal coachable boy took another job
harmonics I mean in theory it's hard to
beat the views today I mean am i right
there's probably some really cool lava
caves around his area I'm just guessing
I went to explore I just assumed the
drone would be very illegal here since
him bring it but just think for a second
you're flying through that's crazy
and this volcano used to be twice as
high so imagine this times 2 hype and
when it erupted I'm not sure which
direction Pompeii is after lunch we're
going to go there check it out do it see
he found a cave paper was come with me
nailed by Dave later it's time for lunch
and we're having pizza at this local
place a merry snake counts like one of
those yellow like full of snakes
oh yeah I didn't work that time Pizza
here is crime oh how do you say
excellent Italian let me show you
something cool so this is a good travel
app to have Google Translate so you can
use it offline so just a talent wait I
don't have to go the other way
excelente all right yep No perfetto
professor Ted said Oh lunch was perfetto
Pompeii this is Pompeii as this areas
where the gladiators were trained in
battle there's a courtyard you can see
this to vyas in the background to is
pretty cool this is the original road
and this was the sense of moolah because
the shaft anything it was the 5th Avenue
they were feeling when of the wall of
the circle will really give me grounded
yogi who doesn't did an awful lot
it's pretty amazing they found the city
just covered underneath ash that's it
right there that's Vesuvius because the
wind's blowing this way all that came
and just landed here in Java artifacts
they found though that some of them
preserved under the ash
a fun fact I just learned is they
actually used Legos to build most of the
buildings here take a look so perfect
Legos here's a question if you get time
travel to any period of time past maybe
future where would you go this really
feels like going back in time when you
walk around in here and see what it
looks like way back then look at the
size of these lemons
the biggest lemon ever well we are
pretty tired and in the morning our
flight is like 8 a.m. so it to leave
here like 5:30 so we are flying back
home finally I have been gone nearly
three weeks so I am ready to go home
we'll see you all in America I gave
again he made it back home safe and
sound it's good to be back I just want
to get to final thoughts for the end of
the vlog and the trip in general I think
it's important to get out and travel and
experience different stuff but you don't
have to travel to the end of the earth
you could just go to a different city in
your state but just experiencing
different cultures and ways of life it
just really expands your worldview and
that's pretty important and second I
want to challenge you guys to be bold be
bold in your faith in Rwanda Daniel
challenged all of us is like the first
day we were there he challenged us to
step out and just be bold in our faith
if we hadn't done that if we weren't in
bold and weren't stepping out in our
faith doing stuff that we might not have
done the whole trip probably would have
been different but because we did that
we saw some truly amazing things so I
want to do the same challenge to you
guys and the next week coming up just be
bold step on your faith and do something
maybe you wouldn't normally do but
that's it I hope you guys have a good
rest of your day
we'll see you back here next time
alright see ya
