honey everybody welcome back to the vlog
right now it's about 9 a.m. and I'm
heading up to what look Clark it's
another city here in Colorado to go on a
little adventure with John from the Dell
tribe we built the floor at their house
if you guys saw the previous work Friday
man and he is an avid dirt biker can I
haven't been in a bit and so I don't
know I love this kind of stuff heading
up there right now and got a little
breakfast smoothie here shouldn't be
much longer
Andrew gets back with Mary from their
Europe adventure so you guys will see us
get back on the daily blog grind
together I know it's been a little
different like having us uploading like
different vlogs and whatnot but hey it's
ok I just got to the Dale's house here
with John what's up guys oh also side
note they're literally about to hit a
hundred thousand subscribers what do you
guys like mm away yeah like 98 thousand
last night all right we got to check
this so you guys go subscribe to them
let's help them get a hundred thousand
subscribers that I remember when we
first hit out hundred thousand
subscribers and that was like a really
big milestone I know that's something
that they have been striving to achieve
and they're almost there so super close
let's do it
you guys hit on your desk years ago was
that that's hard to say it's broad to a
year a little year or two ago okay yes
sir here are the dirt bikes so how long
have you been dirt biking but LA since I
was a kid like when will you take from
England when I was ten this my first
Christmas my parents got my brother and
had dirt bikes so geez well yeah they're
sweet
all right here we go
not sure where we are you say this is a
little kind of like a dirt bike truck
yeah little threat over there jacket in
the woods since I have it rode a dirt
bike in a while this is probably a good
place to just get used to it again
okay yeah
what happened wait to see the bike fell
over there and I kind of oh I fell off
landed on my wrist I don't think it's
broke though cuz I can like move it and
it's just it feels strained a little bit
so you got a little ah starting to hurt
a little more they just sit here
so show me where on your wrists of hurt
right there yeah all right we'll get
some IT person you that's going to help
my elbow pull that down let's see if
your grunting I can't because I surf it
ah okay yeah that's fine his blood oh
there you go
all right um yeah let's get you some
ibuprofen and I would yeah see if we can
avoid it swelling up too much brought
this little first-aid kit Thanks hmm
some ibuprofen
it's definitely swelling up a bit you
said you had a wrist splint in your big
first day just back I thought you have a
finger one movie Luis that's great hate
it see I think we're gonna end up doing
exactly that I'm really glad you had all
this up on cuz like yeah you shoulders
or something oh oh yeah um yeah night Oh
yeah that's good
there you go now I can scream yes this
one's another bad I feels like sandpaper
no does it on an open road yeah yeah
just look at the side of his helmet oh
yeah did its job I know thanks thanks I
can have all this gear thanks yelling
like I remember I felt my head and my
part your head like scraping along the
ground I think I get it on my arm first
so I think that's why my wrist is
hurting more cause it's falling arm head
or this this this and in my head we were
just saying like it's good that we
didn't it was like an opening like right
before this big tree oh yeah you were
laying next to the tree when you got up
yes back there so just let see your arm
yeah not bad but it stings a gullet
I'm just glad to hear we're not headed
for the ER right now yeah thank you Lord
for letting it not be serious I'm fine
the question is are you gonna be able to
keep writing I think the answer is going
to be yes you think so if I can just
like do this I feel like I could all
right
if I go slower I don't know it was on a
nice little Patras is shade so we're
just letting the ibuprofen kick in and
oh so Jeonbuk these a bunch of snacks
these bars are so good by the way I
think we've showed you them in the vlog
before grass fed collagen bars we think
I believe ya psyche didn't break didn't
break a bone sometimes up and it tells
me still works so funny then wired just
like a ground Wow
miracle yeah we are back at the house
now and I didn't show you guys but I
can't really tell right now but this
tire is flat so not only did it I reckon
but I gave it a flat tire and do that I
was driving back and I was like drifting
all over the place see how it's not
feeling like am I going to crash this
again but yes because of this flat so
I'm holding this camera right now with
my this hand it's starting to hurt more
I don't know if you can kind of tell you
sure you're not faking
I'm not it's right here it really hurts
I'm like moving my hand like a certain
way it really hurt like I can touch that
just barely but when you try and do that
I did not like put my wrist back but
that doesn't diminish today as being a
fun day riding their bikes will to blast
but hopefully I think it's just a minor
sprain that'll be healed
quickly let's hope but but now we're
going to go get some food because we
haven't really had lunch yet you say
there's a place in town you like there's
a place using Japan
hey let's go all right so the big
footage don't put the gun and Justin is
here I think it's risk poor guy
it's like I don't know it wouldn't say
it's gotten worse but I can't like grip
anything I just tried to pick up this
cup and it kind of hurt so ice may help
in just some rest all right the whole
fam has arrived I'm grabbing some
and some sushi then you want some of
this just not on your love road I don't
know about that I don't feel good
really we are back in the springs and
drink knees doing a little photo shoot
for Miss beauty mark and I'm tagging
along getting some like
behind-the-scenes pictures for her
Instagram and stuff the other ladies my
wrist is like really hurting now I've
been taking some ibuprofen and stuff but
I'm a I'm gonna like sleep on it and see
how it feels mom otherwise I may go to
the doc I see we're dealing with help
good bye bye guys we'll see you soon so
about 9 o'clock
it's been a long fun day probably just
going to eat some food and relax and go
to bed pretty tired and like I mentioned
my wrist is still hurting pretty bad
except it's not I can't move it as much
or pick up anything so I'm just going to
sleep on it and see how it feels
tomorrow
we'll keep you guys updated of course it
was a fun day seriously and shut up John
thank you for the dirtbiking and
inviting me and taking me out that was
such a blast so like I mentioned in the
beginning guys go check out their
channel they're almost at 100k so let's
help them out they're such good people
and I think you guys you are if you
really like the family vlogs they have a
great channel so oh and another no
Andrew and Mary just got back today
so the expecting Andrew and I to be back
on the vlog grind so I'm really excited
about that but hey guys thanks for
tuning in today and we'll see you back
here tomorrow
good bye
