there's tales of all adjournments got
one one that's been a mystery for
decades some I've seen it some wish they
hadn't a creature from ancient times but
the question is
good morning we are leaving this city
today and heading towards the more
remote part of the country for a fun
adventure whoa
very very red let's grab the bags
it's cool they post the weather every
day here in the elevator
so what's today white cloud and 90 grand
fuel oh I think it's what that said to
past explores but these two they all
scared of anything
so we gotta pack up the car this car is
actually kind of small our suitcase is
barely fitting here please drive to the
winter you got it all right here we
go
wish this look which way that one right
right got it
this is like a how long it three hour
drive okay well here we go I energetic
begins on the wrong side of the road
three L right
but what will they find in this search
for the Loch Ness monster open road
we're in a strange land would you like
DAF I way is through some jungles and
here we are in the city but it's time
for lunch we're trying to find I don't
know what we're in the mood for to be
honest but something around here
is epic so Woodlands has some chicken
wings of fire
you didn't see this sign it's time to
continue the journey let's go
you
oh the stretch long I've been driving
hours we're finally here we're here to
see if the legend is true the legend of
Loch Ness monsters thousand people in
the sight of the hammer everywhere until
it went completely out of my sight
well I saw myself and yes Emeryville
over there there's no voices there you
go
so I can live apart and I rushed him to
get the telescope at this time you see
and after looking again and then I
stopped this or something on shore about
20 yards near will appear further to the
west jersey's monsters we just went
through our we just went through the
tour they have a really cool exhibit
here what you think of it
I don't think they would prove that it
was real on I like the opposite I just
think it's funny that I think what were
they saying in like 87 so not really
that long ago they were doing a full
wide sweep sonar mapping of the whole
Lake and still I don't know it is funny
it disproved
every picture he was like look at this
it's stick about the end it did say it's
up to you to decide and I want I want to
find a monster
it's time to do some searching fired up
give all right time to find us a monster
there's something in the water not
joking what could it be
see this is the mysteries of the Loch
Ness monster getting closer to the
object which appears to be it's yeah
someplace I could land I mean if I
wanted no oh the search continues well
nothing it would be fun back in a day
like 60 70s when everyone is out here
trying to figure out what people were
saying they saw and making up stories
and news articles that would be fun
exploring blogs there's another castle
up here there's so many castles we're
going to be staying up here for the
night and in the morning and Craig our
flights at 12 fish well we're going to
be flying to Italy whoa what st. Mary's
Catholic Church I thought it said scream
Andrews
there's a st. Andrews in the st. Mary's
like right next door look what are we up
there better st. Mary in there st.
Andrew I'm thankful that Scotland speaks
English but might as well just be
another language because their accent
sometimes can be so thick you have no
idea what they're saying they're
speaking English words I understand but
just the way they say them
different words are different
this looks like a fun Castle this is
where we're staying tonight yeah
by the way Mary planned the district and
Italy trip just every detail about it
just all of it you could be like a
travel agent to be honest a three-hour
drive terminus seven hour drive I hold
this traffic and you know before it gets
dark
there's this cool forest that you could
go in and explore a little bit so we're
gonna go do that and go to the store and
get some water or something the speed
limit here is 10 miles per hour
and I'll show you why because 10
squirrels were killed this year so drive
10 all right do for the squirrels do it
the world Thursdays Potter coud what
sort of creatures are we gonna find in
here I don't know
Nakao some weird creatures in here look
at this yellow plant he's yellow this is
possibly ours
what was that dear to you
I'm so confused chances are we'll
probably see Bigfoot I'm guessing
because we didn't get to see lockness
today so I mean we're in a good spot and
we're hearing weird sounds so it's
obviously good sign Bigfoot's around a
feather look at this ancient symbol on
the tree but I heard something what Oh
it'd be cool if somebody built a tree
house just like randomly in here you
need to go find it we have seen a few
piles of fresh poop I mean where's
Bigfoot our search of mystical creatures
today isn't turning out to be very
successful
so bummer it looks so beautiful outside
and you so fly on me skimmed it there he
goes he's on the golf course
Keifer do again now this is Scotland
guys also it's kind of hard to believe
that I thirty after nine o'clock at
night right I'm filling the green room
rocks in Scotland even the rocks are
green super mud see it's almost 9:20 at
night
and man no world oh my goodness this is
far from wild boss is the end of the
journey thanks for watching and if you
ever see anything in the water make sure
you get a picture and tweet at us or
something for our evidence you know whoa
see I needa Lee
you
