well this is pretty awkward I died
actually driving you know lefty-loosey
righty-tighty right your job you
listening to jobs very important you
have to make sure I stay on the left
side of the road I mean it's very
important today I mean coffee first this
is all welcome back to another vlog
everybody thanks for watching today we
said goodbye to our mission trip team
they're flying back to the United States
and for the next week Mary and I are
going to be spending in Europe we're
going to spend half of it in Scotland
and half of it in Italy
we're in Scotland so I could do an
entire vlog in the Scottish accent it's
just a lot easier for me to do you have
to do it like a raspy voice echoed who
dude I'm excited so far the city is
pretty cool we rented a car as you saw
and some very awkward to drive here
because it's on the other side of the
road the wrong side of the road you
should be driving on the right side it's
just right get it right now I feel like
back in the States I'd be driving this
is a brand new car only has 10 miles on
it but unfortunately we have some bad
news
I was driving and there's a little curb
that I didn't see on the left side of
the car which is like the normal side
this is the sign I should be driving on
so I hit the curb and pop the tire you
just feel so back those are literally a
brand new car pop the tire but luckily
we made it to our hotel place that we're
staying at it's like not even a block
just a couple steps up the road here
so that was good we're just waiting for
the car rental people to come and repair
the tire but I'll get out and show you
I mean you can barely tell it popped the
tires are so small anyways now you're
back
is this it the cool little outie it's
very small but yeah it's caught in the
curable symptom of it you have the curb
alright okay okay
I'm not going to be a file tonight's a
weird thing back here they have negative
floor numbers good this is true this bus
Scottish accent whoa the TV in a room
and the best part the rain gear complex
pretty swinging stuff
Wow we can't loli get to the we have to
go save our car well hold up a second
where's the light switch oh yeah
and all the entire business anybody the
cottage is only on my open here honey
okay so if you follow me what fun we'll
come back okay if I lose you anywhere
I'll wait just the other side to deliver
the boat all right so we got to follow
Greg it is his name his name tag haha
bye car
we'll see you tomorrow it's good that
this entire place it's just like a mile
down the road well evidently drive
anywhere tonight so I guess we'll walk
around and explore it just kind of like
downtown we're in like we're in the
heart of the city yeah hey guys if I hit
restaurant Slug and Lettuce Oh a very UK
theme is Nando's I've never been here
before about her a lot of people talking
about it so
try it out so we were ordering and then
he's over there
he watches the videos he loves road trip
reports so shout out to Bennett and O's
looks good mango lime cheap potatoes
blah would you get lemon curd lemon in
herbs
alright well time to eat okay so it's
morning now and we have to go pick up
the car from the shop this should be
done with it
let's go
ah here we are
the Crixus no as you can see the tire
still flat so oh sorry so I don't know
what's going to happen but we don't
really need it today thankfully I have
much excite right now we're you like my
English we're going to a tassel to the
main castle here in Edinburgh the end
burn
heaven bear domina excited to be fun
who's doing that
hello
castle awesome they've got like a
stadium that goes around it I think they
do like parade right through the interns
here
well many many tourists though entrance
to the gates one guy look over the wall
the pretty view that's why they made
these for you
Canon's Scotland
Lyons castles are fun to explore it's
fun to think about back in the day when
they actually needed castles living here
like the kings and queens and people
shooting cannonballs and before that
shooting arrows go alone in the cannon
did you like the castle here we just
find another one that's not so light or
see this dude has been fighting the
entire
got time for lunch and we're going to
try out a pub nearby here it is the
worlds and
and efficient chips but you get bad Oh
we have stumbled across a strange
cemetery hmm I call these don't have
doors anymore you just go right on in
one of the best ideas today by Mary to
bring an umbrella to starting to rain
that was the bet nothing screams
tourists like me here to flag of bailout
tires are back to pick up the car this
time it's done we got the car back yeah
so this is the new tire oh good now
what's 12 us again shall we
another weird thing about this car is if
you're sitting in traffic and you push
on the brakes are just sitting there and
it's like that engine shuts off I've
never seen this feature before see I
think these are all going right okay
I've never seen this feature before
right gear RPMs the power steering's off
but the car still on if I release the
brake is this European or do Americans
have this too so we're both kind of
tired now from walking around the city
all day I'm actually kind of glad or a
car broke down that way we got to walk
everywhere
yeah yes still that's a good way to
learn a new city and explorers just walk
around see what you find
but we are trying some pizza hello
and also it's movie night national
treasure
