right early start to the day I'm so
excited because we're going on it for
King Safari II so the jeeps are here I'm
so excited and this is the first time
I'm seeing the sunrise because I'm
usually just sleeping in here we go
however the drive is like three hours
away too so I guess it's nap time but we
TT throw a lot softer than the fluff
Oh
some jungle there's the rest of the team
potty break but I think I'm good are you
guys sleeping in here everyone except me
and Haley we stopped in the city called
Kai owns a-- which i think is my
favorite city so far what about you I
might like that other what's it called
yea-ah oh there's some pretty good
speakers in here mini supermarket
sardines and tomato sauce
once you pop the fun don't stop just be
careful bye this is the entrance you
know where's our other teammates oh here
they come
akka you're a national park Rhonda
we're going in
oh my goodness here came Oh isolation
competition is on to see the person
who's gonna win we're down there oh you
see something of cows don't count ready
just saw a little deer yeah you win bird
Malia's eagle in that tree is pronounced
eagle here this is the visitor center we
have to get out and do some paperwork
stuff but I can already see like this
you can see this big value over here all
I think about liking everything that the
light touches is our land
what's wrong for the snake pretty
awesome landscape a lot of the animals
are towards the north a little bit
because it's what was he saying because
there's water up there I like swampland
as I swamps so we have to get up there
before it's like High Noon because then
all the animals running like obviously
going the trees and the shade to cool
off trick of these bones do it this is
an open school do you think this isin me
when I touch down
dang imagine seeing that thing yeah one
thing I definitely want to do if we can
come back some time is the gorilla hike
of the mountains and see some silverback
gorillas I think it was like a four-day
journey and you go back packing up the
mountain
oh it just sounds so fun you see wait do
we have to go over there make this mean
check this out top up ready to go
cool Jeep here we go
we'll race it to the Lions with the boob
monkeys in the road babban whoa dad
either guys
who's Pete but oh my goodness these are
so picky Oh palaces oh this is so cool
pretty threw the baby fun this lake is
giant only one that came out of nowhere
no we want him to charge beer out you
get back in and all he's gonna pin us if
he charges I'll get it on video don't
worry I got the video camera :
you're so cute even Sam hey girl hey Ian
angry Hollis you follow them on there so
go here or there's so much cuter than
argue so bad you have a baby you can
hear yeah they're going failures all too
different this was our first zebra
sighting adios guys hold up on the lake
here so I'll animals run around mainly
baboons
but over how I just hit my funny bone my
hand is numb
those are hippos our first giraffes body
o'clock you can't really see him because
they're kind of far out there they are
those bark is right on the border Rwanda
Tanzania
those messes over there I can't see but
that was came to me it by the way Oh big
he's like huge is a Haley with bigger
really wonderful hoppers my attorney I
made the book whoa oh yeah I think
there's one mr. right what it's so loud
we're taking that quick step out of the
jeeps we're going to eat our lunch here
apparently there's another picnic area
some other direction but a couple days
ago some dude wandered off and got
killed by a rhino so we're going to eat
lunch here apparently it's safer another
thing we have to look out for black
mambas do not want to see one of those
well I'd like to see one from inside the
bus gram gym me I was pretty cool just
sitting eating lunch the middle Africa
some hippos right over here time for the
second half of the journeys supposed to
have four handles I think
what do you have to say about his those
prices well I'm glad he's not kicking me
backward three water buffalo it's a
crocodile they're not normally have oh
wait I'm gonna go rock it out right
there oh don't worry I want to see you
oh you went down to expressive
underwater attack opposed right there
hey Len through what might be blind
territory let's check out this bro
I'm so bumpy but he's just chillin on
the mound hey guys oh yeah there's a
bone right there Thanks that has to mean
lions
this is wanting animals trying to hide
in the grass but his horns are too tall
so it's just sticking up you can just
clearly see him
if you guys can find them grandma Jim
and horrible we saw some of these guys
running away we thought there was a lion
chasing after them but moles on the baby
all that guys taking a dump
oh yeah are you guys getting dirty here
in front no Union all your stupid done
just keep blowing dust all over them
okay
Oh any close
are you
you gotta talk to me man now you got
don't know it was a joke
but it was like yeah we got me my lady
gaga
you guys applause
we're on our way back home these kids
made a blanket for it
years dude we were leaving in the
morning it was fun
right now we're coming back at sunset
what I'm going to business
Nathan appointed us why do you want to
be just from he's on just got to the
house heaven
ah well I'm basically exhausted we spent
the entire day in the Jeep our mission
was to find a lion and a rhino which we
didn't get to see either one of them but
our driver was telling us that like June
July August or like the three lowest
months for the National Park for the
animals like starting in August
September there's so many more animals
because like the rainy season is coming
and but yeah we still saw a bunch of
animals it was really really fun but I
am making a promise sometime in the
future we are going to do the mountain
gorilla backpack adventure I just look
so fun I was looking it up my goodness
Levi got toys
