yeah hey everyone and welcome back to
for Friday high five
okay today is this is specially exciting
because we are here with some friends
some other youtubers who are here in
Colorado and we're going to be doing an
epic fort in their house and I don't
know if you guys know who they are but
I'm gonna have them pages
yeah you should know who they are I mean
if you don't then I don't know what
you're doing look I'll Drive whoa guys
Eli where is that man we have another
member just not here - yeah Jon there's
that man Eli okay why don't you just
give us a quick intro to you guys and
what y'all about okay well we have a
family blog and John is my husband who's
not here and they have organized just
Aspen she's our youngest she also has
type 1 diabetes shown some miracle
devices see and Anna is 17 she's an
artist and really good artist she did
the painting right there actually in the
same bin same day is 12 and she wants be
on Broadway
she sings some stuff in Eli is 14 and so
dads like awesome trampoline trip what
yeah quick flip bro whoa
round of applause now literally guys
this is probably the most creative
coolest family I think I've ever met you
probably the same yes and it could be
awesome because our last Fort Friday
you know a guy's called you guys saw it
and I tried my very hardest to teleport
with Destin so this is how we're going
to repay you guys and make it epic oh
yeah and angels not here because he is
currently in Europe with Mary and you
guys probably seen their vlogs if not
you have to check them out but anyways
let's get this for started let's give
you a quick rundown of how this four is
going to happen why don't you tell the
plan we came up with
okay so we now import by connecting in
this one room and we'll have our
overview of the floor up here up the
ladder so in that becoming and almost
have like crawled papers all through
here are you covering everything then
we'll have like an entertainment area
here so you can play you gain boost up
and what's next check somewhere yeah
like seriously this houses their house
is awesome and I really love making home
forts just because it's another easy way
to get creative and not worry about like
getting caught or employees like you can
just have the most fun with zero worries
so also guys meet their cat
what's your guy's cat's name cog this is
the craziest coolest cat you ever seen
hey cogs what up man Wow so cogs will be
joining us in the fort but we got to go
the store real quick to get some supply
so let's go and they're saying they're
not sponsored by these companies I don't
know if I believe it yeah every flavor
of the same brand yeah well I don't know
if it's every flavor but we really like
them apparently yeah they're really good
so far being a very righteous you know
healthy alternative blue diamond if
you're out there and watching this maybe
let's get him a quick sponsor okay we
got the Walmart you guys know you have
to have snacks in order to have a good
fork
what we get we got some before dinner we
got some ice cream all right - justin is
so sore keeping me so slow and you guys
know how fast you run yep - this line
guys line ready set go
Oh doesn't it just in the old man just
pull this ligament buy a little girl
look at the snack cart we are loading up
we're back home what are we doing now
here finding stuff to make the sword Wow
these are very good blanket lots of big
blankets oh thank you please oh my
blanket frenzy iris
ILO Cairo yeah we're trying
I forgot to bring those clamps guys
those would be perfect but you can maybe
use books we got to be creative so but
in this room so cool yeah exactly we can
do this yes
sorry block steps we were yeah oh are
you okay with your house being turned
into a fort yeah really
oh yes moment ever yeah okay so we got
some chairs going okay thank you what
yeah so that you guys get half like
chairs and books like you said we forgot
the clients if we had clients that would
be a lot more help yeah books anything
penny
works out just fine or in light cheese
and this kind of heavy she can work if
you have a lot of chairs but when you
got light cheese you only need to put
much yeah and then so you can cover more
ground
yeah do that the Aspen's got it
just like hello good because it's
looking right now hopefully she'll find
it oh yes hose clamps oh yes I don't
always have a clamp
okay the hose clamp like something that
you can clamp like stuff together step
together no whoa you're brilliant
look at ya I go man he's like a little
worker bee man oh my what a guy did you
go in there oh yeah so you can get up to
the balcony huh let's bring you through
the very entrance that we just installed
with the cardboard Oh
so sort out okay hold on I need to take
a minute
Oh when it gets dark it's gonna be so
cool yes that tarp though this is epic
guys oh cool so you come over here
there's the ladder to get up to the
secret secret hatch and that comes down
here to the stairs where they're working
on crazy is that cause it's so cool what
I can play video games just right here
yeah we got that screen and movies or
video games but these tarps are such a
good idea
giant wealthy people switch all the way
over there I'm in the middle of this
epic tarp Britney just said that well
pizza's here
great go go film now alright alright
enter did you give house yeah it's like
a boat people
yeah huh are you having so much fun yeah
this is what the best for edge seriously
this part we're gonna put it up here so
I can see it oh yeah thank you for hands
up visit art when I was like seriously
the coolest thing what the heck is it oh
my goodness
he was like wine to join the fordwick
you ask him who caught it a Justin did
and then he passed him on to me because
I didn't get out of the fort what are
you doing over here now making a snack
shack this is epic okay keep it
different maybe a more straight it's
just there's not like from it looks like
you won't be able to see it from my
angle but oh yeah and so yeah we're just
putting down all the blankets right now
and then since pizza just arrived we
have a pizza party down in the
entertainment room and then we got some
more exploring to do okay Eli has a good
idea to build a giant epic slide in the
for to get the mattresses oh yeah you
have to have a slide we got to one-up
ourselves every time you better know is
already too cool for I've ever painted
party time guys
we're chilling in the main lounge Eli
got his Xbox playing some video games
this will be for TV the guests are
starting to arrive che just got here and
it's about to come down the slide you
ordered some snacks from the snack shack
up there how are the sales doing over
there Aston you sell a lot of snacks
what have you done
this is not supposed to be open like
that she did she's trying to destroy the
fourth Kingdom I just ordered some salt
and vinegar chips like it mom oh yes the
board is packed now we all got our
snacks
it was Arabic dad exciting what is the
all no that's a switch
green protection Lissa free to secretly
then a whole nother like four zones win
do you have flashlights yeah we got a
flashlight
we'll play the batteries too
in this case do it
let's back here oh there's spider webs
by the way you comin dude whoa where we
could where are we need to explore this
dude how did we get in here this is kind
of freaky
do you know this was under your 911
why'd you freeze it was kind of sketchy
if you going see what is that hello guys
really how do we get out of here
I'm on merit sure you go back to the
fort yeah booty I really this doesn't
man
or my phone forever once explore is
another time well we had to take a break
because we've been there going forever
there's a curve here you there anything
up there
no did we I fell did you fall
yeah yeah totally okay what are your
fancy problem what do are we what we're
gonna Mel the woods our footprints on
this path though you're gonna go pack on
what Eli where'd you go oh wow and it
weird is no fan whoa hold on what the
heck of that what's up what oh my gosh
what the where what is going on total
system on what don't ever go back in
there
Cole's not heard what the heck Josh what
happened you guys are gonna have to go
in there Esther got a new hairdo that
will happen this is serious we're not
joking
no no Joe what that concerns me that
it's in my house I'm a little concerned
okay we thought a really good creature
in there
Oh harsh is lockable doors yeah wait
where's Ricky wait there's pictures she
went wasn't she with you guys Fred oh no
afterwards he never jumped in that Oh
fire
how'd you get it back in it why would
you know how'd you get how'd you get at
the front door what your front door
so help front door what's she talking to
buy it I know I want to wait for you
guys to help you relax
we're going to climb to the top of this
ghastly carpet don't worry this is safe
I think come on man hey guys check this
out from up here isn't this insane who
has a ladder in their fort we do how's
the weather down there folks
oh good it's kind of hot up here like
always guys it's time to go live on live
dot mean you guys aren't following us
yet link is in description we always
give you a preview of the fort before we
actually post it on YouTube so here's
our username j stu studios we are
closing in on two million followers
we're having a fun time here on live on
me hey guys if you like the blog if you
want oh oh yeah guys check out brittany
sunburned gosh put some aloe vera on
that man I already saw my five whores
Baba five four three two oh yeah you are
a power floors all the Cassie
Cassie it's write a code Rover I'm
drawing on their wall oh okay how do you
draw a wall I love those characters it's
like a big baby he's standing on the dam
through an XP album nice and just dance
going on
so all right guys this concludes today's
fort hope you liked it make sure to
leave a like if you want us to continue
doing you know different unique ports
and stuff and please be sure to check
out the Dale tribe link in the top of
the description be sure to check that
out and anything else you guys want to
say before we go it's so fun yeah ok go
bye
