hey everybody welcome back to the vlogs
yes I'm wearing the same thing as
yesterday's vlog but there's a good
reason for it we are doing a photo shoot
today and this is a newer outfit so
that's why I brought more clothes
because we're going to do a few but what
else is happening right now Britt yeah
photoshoot videos exciting stuff
exciting exciting so oh yeah and we're
out here actually in Callahan Colorado
it's like going like 40 30 40 minutes
from Colorado Springs and we just found
this area here it's like called the
paint mines looked up pictures it
seriously looks like the perfect
photoshoot area so me and bringing
you're gonna you know check it out show
you guys what it's like and have a good
time so let's go check it out welcome to
the paint lines it's kind of random
because out here is like very like
planes just grass and not much hills and
then currently this is back there so we
got a lot of bunch of our stuffs got the
drone here I'm not sure still black and
it kind of windy but I try it out so
smaller spectra there's like a bigger
section over there
pretty gnarly and he's so cool
geology imagine standing here not a
tropical hardwood forest 55 million
years ago please
somebody's got this completely wrong 300
million years ago yeah no thanks okay we
found this epic area up here literally
you can kind of see it from here but we
got orange purple color rocks white
brick just said she feels like she's not
a different plan and I think she's spot
on this does not is so cool
houses in Colorado and how we not see
come to this before I don't know if you
can see this on camera guys these rocks
like purple pink we got orange and
yellow tones man it's kind of stuff like
the camera really doesn't do it justice
but we're really cool pic so far and I
just love it out here it's so cool guys
where they just found the coolest area
what do I call it the mines like you
come explore Oh
all the different colors here are just
epic I have to say you guys Dustin has
literally become like a really really
really great photographer I mean he's
always been a really great photographer
but for real
I don't know after taking all my
pictures you become a really great one
look at him there's just so many good
angles it's like what do we do and look
you're like all white out yeah what
happened Jay I think I need to have a
internet service to fully connect the
drone to this whole process so yeah
let's do that at home but it's okay
because I need practice flying me
and we will be back we have some friends
coming to stay with us soon so we will
probably be coming back here and not at
12 o'clock very hot
plus the lighting is just it's just in
case you guys are wanting to know the
best times of filming and photographs to
photograph in it's not it's from like
bad times or from a tent to like noon I
believe it is and then like Goldeneye or
is it bad okay yeah just come at the
ball but that's okay we're we going by
we are going to get a hair will not we I
am like get a haircut I haven't gotten a
haircut like a different style haircut
who knows how long
literally I do you remember the last
time I got a good new here so I don't
remember I think it was like a little
while ago and listen he tries to like
and go outside of the this but then he
it's like you oh I've rocked this
herself for a long time and I enjoyed it
I will try some new because we found
this new barbershop it's like so hipster
like you guys seriously lot to show you
it inside and pull until early like the
coolest barbershop I've ever I haven't
received yeah here we are
Lincoln Street barbers
yeah oh my gosh guess what's happening
right now Brittany you want to tell us
I'm doing an event it's Brittany's first
big event
now we're missing wreck is real
seriously like it's crazy how it's all
come together and you guys have been
following her you may have been kept up
to date with what she's been up to but
today is like the first like her first
event the first release this whole week
has been just a crazy docking and to see
it come together is really cool so
Brittany has her own merch now really
it's all I'll have her explain it all
I'm show it when we get it all set up
but we got the truck here and we're here
at Eve's Revolution day because they
have a yearly annual garden party event
and it's this little boutique and so a
bunch of little shops are here so I'm
just so happy and excited for miss
Brittany sweet just parks and now the
event doesn't start for another hour so
it's just everyone else just setting up
and getting ready for it all begin and
this event is actually called the garden
party I can't member if I mentioned that
which is really cool and random because
Brittany's whole theme with her business
and everything she's doing is garden
themed as well here's Brittany setting
up the little shop here how do you feel
so we're putting look you tired crier
okay guys so look at this all the shirts
are wrapped like a bouquet of flowers no
I didn't do you want to help
what about 2:30 to play five we leave
the island on that way later if you did
not help me
here are the shirts neat we got lioness
established above yes I'm so stoked
about this guys our friends are here too
and they make coffee or they yeah do
their own little custom things and
this is coffee lemonade
what so good with your Brit yeah I'm a
battery chance sorry you did not come
prepared did you because my way look who
came eat Dale tribe oh you guys some
guys alright the bros have showed up as
well we got Caleb Nick obi-wan
and what he got here a coffee lemonade
and a coconut and this is his third what
it's so fun
human hair seems like she's got any
aggression just like sitting here on old
flowers but here is fun so this is
actually inside the house they turn into
a shop all right so we got drinks here
the guest the elephant cupcakes and
snack and then this whole house is
turned into like a book boutique god I
love the creep creativity of this kind
of stuff well does that is the end of
today's vlog I forgot someone ending so
I'm making it right now real quick for
you guys here at the pool but I just got
to say I am so proud of Brittney I
haven't filmed much behind the scenes of
what she's been doing for the last
months and this crap past week actually
so you guys don't really get done you
see the girl from the progress like me
but I just got to say like her hard work
and her passion for what she she is
doing and what's what God has called her
to do in the slices it's been so cool
for me to just see it come to life and
to see her just so happy this weekend
actually Britney is launching her new
website and the new merch company so
obviously when that's out I am going to
be letting you guys know about it
because I think it'd be so cool we can
show everything all of us can show all
our support you guys like the shirts to
order them but that'll be for a
different vlog in the meantime I know
Britney would appreciate it so much if
you guys would go follow her on
Instagram maybe leave a nice comment for
or like some of her pictures or
something and if you have any sisters or
anything
tell them to check out Britney's blog
beauty mark calm she's all about
encouraging women
and so that's why they should show up
here sisters because it's mainly women
stuff but I've learned a lot actually
from a lot of her blog so definitely
just go check it out if you have a
family member who you think might be
interested in her work I know she'd
really appreciate it and I just love
what she's doing and I really want to
show my support burn and so I just
wanted to tell you guys about it but
anyway thanks for watching today hope
you are doing so well hope you all are
happy and with that being said I guess
we'll see you back here tomorrow good
