well good morning everybody walk back to
more Jay still hope you're doing so well
I'm here with the wifey Britney and wow
we have a really cool idea for you today
Andrews gonna be joining us as well but
I'll let Brittany explain to you about
this challenge I never even heard of
this I actually heard of it just this
morning and I secretly if not secretly I
love Hobby Lobby like so much and so I
was on Facebook just scrolling this
morning and I guess there's like this
challenge going around called like like
yeah and so it's basically where a bunch
of people will go to their local Hobby
Lobby craft store it's a craft store we
also have like a Michaels here in
Colorado but it's Hobby Lobby and yeah
they just like going to like they have
this massive flower selection and since
it's wintertime and most of the places
unless you live in California or
something like amazing like Hawaii like
we have no flowers like real life
flowers so do we have to kind of drive a
ways to find them
exactly so um yeah so like the challenge
is basically just to make it look real
life and or like realistic again yeah
when in reality we're just in a store
here's an example of some that I've seen
it's really cool because it looks like
you would never have guessed that
they're in the store but they are so
today we're going to try this challenge
we got the camera here we're working
with a canon 70d got the 85 millimeter
lens and we're gonna go into the flower
section and see what kind of cool photos
we can come up with ready let's do this
here we are Hobby Lobby if you live in
the US you probably have one of these in
your city so it's probably not too hard
to find and also a drew made it here had
you ever heard of this challenge yet
either
oh they didn't say if I have heard of
this store oh I never heard this channel
it's a good idea I think so check this
out guys this is their flower section
it's absolutely insane percent real no
other fake that's why it's the best what
yeah so look we got white every little
color you can do it so you can come back
here like multiple times so you take the
picture first and then you go home and
edit it and it'll just be a fun
experiment today so we got to figure out
what colors we want to do we're trying
to figure out what type of background /
flower we should do for this first
picture for mean and ER well it depends
like oh my gosh like this would look so
good
put your head by that let's look look at
all the options oh yeah not just flowers
they have huge roses trees as well
jungle vibes yeah I'll have to do it I
like it angle since we have the 85
millimeter like it shot this way let's
try right here Andrew you want to do in
the jungle yes
okay okay stand like right in here and I
can even hold something oh let me find
like some wood or something Oh bamboo
dude this will look good yeah like here
in the jungle
it's kind of to see this on camera but
here's a quick sample yes that's perfect
but peering through but have so have
like the top of the bamboo like that
that way it looks like it's taller than
it really is
three two yes
looks like we're in the bamboo forest in
Hawaii right so we found this like an
aspen log but unfortunately I don't have
like fall leaves at the moment since
it's like gonna be springtime soon so
we're trying to find some orange like
this yeah kinda
so with the tree be in this water up to
you
going in without so funny sir
it's grassman hey we're using these
props now
trying to get some inspirations here so
this one's funny like look yeah here's
the guys in the store just holding that
and by the flowers and then that's the
final image Wow
so good it's hilarious we're gonna try
and kind of redo in a sense the one we
just showed you it's like I'm gonna be
up a the right white flowers in a nice
comfy so let's see like right here yeah
changers gonna go for the these ones sit
down
see what we can do at this angle
here you come from like this way
so we're kind of getting like this angle
and then anger is behind her a little
further and then that way like right
there cuz I check that out and that's
unedited of course that's gonna be dope
we're gonna stop by our local camera
shop look at the different lenses they
have and also Brittany what's what's
that what guys it's the YouTube play
button I've never felt that no the one
they sent us kind of fell apart so they
have this lens which we love to the
canon sigma 24 millimeter 1.4 they have
it not for sale i only have it for rent
but okay we're moving on to a new store
we're trying out different stuff and Wow
Home Depot we're searching for oh look a
rock Oh what okay of flowers Oh like a
bouquet oh wait
it was supposed to hurt oh we found our
first test with below yeah I want to try
see how like not cool this looks right
now guys even the lighting is super
bright this is like very purple I just
took a test shot of Andrew again so
that's a test shot I got bokeh lights in
the back of purple front this is gonna
be cool turn it otherwise off yep
yes way better three
okay after it again yes guys this is the
best so this these little lights even
though this isn't even bright this red
it has such a cool effect from like this
angle so you guys can see that red like
on his face and you can't even tell if I
get like this angle you can't even tell
like we're at Home Depot Oh dog by the
way guys follow us on Instagram so
here's our usernames we're gonna be
posting some of these pictures on
Instagram
Brittany's gonna post raising I'll post
more as well so come follow us don't
like the pics I promise what are you
doing also this area is really cool cool
little backdrop all the flavors so now
Annie's taking pictures of Justin it's
kind of difficult because the sun's you
have to get like so far away guys I've
been trekking through the jungle trying
to find the treasure
what what is that all right next up so
we did fake flowers but have you guys
seen just like food to make it look like
a garden yeah this one I haven't seen
anyone do and obviously we're gonna show
you guys all these pictures at the end
so you'll see just how cool they are
Wow orange is you can have an orange
factory in the picture if only your head
could be right here like you know you
use the cabbage so Andrew can hide
behind the cabbage like Brittany will
hold the cabbage up in front of his face
and then we have a pop of radish and
then you see all this greenery in the
background what does that how does that
sound yummy doesn't that sound good
oh god that looks so good he threw the
carrots
apparently here they have a bacon cheese
bar oh here it is
so yes they do they have to get Mac and
cheeses I want to try perfect we're
gonna try it guys they got so much yummy
food they got this sesame chicken here
YUM we're gonna try mac cheese go for it
not bad for me
I think we got all the pictures we need
for this set I'm so excited to see them
burn he's gonna do a good job editing
them yes man so we're gonna head home
Brittany and I and Brittany's gonna get
on her computer edit them and we're
going to show you the before and after
it's gonna be epic
painters going home yep so bye guys bye
okay guys we are back at the house and
Brittany has been working on the edits
of all the pictures and let me just say
whoa I'll show us some of your favorite
ones bread okay I love it this one of
Andrew so good isn't it crazy good I
love you my police is like Ashlee on
your face and then yeah I love like the
veggie ones guys these are so good see I
wouldn't guess that's in the grocery
store like the lighting for this one was
so stinking good and then yeah and
obviously we're gonna post these cozies
on our Instagram but they're all like
really really good so this challenge was
so much fun and I we love posting
pictures and just being creative like
this so this was like a fun
like creative day for us so if you guys
have any cameras even if you have like
your iPhone go try this challenge it's
so much fun
but anyways folks thank you so much if
you made it this far and for watching
our videos we appreciate you all we hope
you all have a great rest of your day
hope you know that god loves you and he
cares for you and I'll leave you with
that see you tomorrow
