good morning guys I want to show you
this new t-shirt I got for this trip
Mary back two minutes everybody
Paxton quarterback for the Broncos you
know but anyways we're getting ready to
go to a new town which is like a
two-hour drive right we're going to do a
home visit and then ice cream later so
here is the local currency it's uh
Rwandan francs and man I've got stacks
we went to exchange our money and they
have bigger bills than just a thousands
they have like a two of five but they
just gave us a 1000 bill so it's like
basically getting change in one dollar
bills back in America which is like you
know it works but making one yeah I know
what we all pick unique names to put on
our sandwiches at shreelane
banging this is a high school like a
nice campus guys who I library a lot of
good books never won this is the local
language English literature Paola G
chemistry hello yeah this is just a
really cool school cool school
Roy actually wants to get a job teaching
here I don't blame him one thing nice
about Rwanda is it's not insanely hot
outside I've never been to Africa before
so I was like wondering how hot is it
going to be but it's really nice out I
like it especially hot when I'm around
oh please part of what they do here is
house orphans as well so check out one
of the houses pretty good setup and like
18 18 kids this is one of the girls
houses Wow
Michaela last night sponsored somebody
so they go to this school I think her
name is Alice but yes Haylie sponsor
somebody to mini would you move on
anything I didn't love it and why Daniel
and Chandler sponsor kids they've been
sponsoring him for like four years this
Jimmy I'm just waiting for that seat to
break and Daniel go flying and just
taking down lower
yeah I just spotted chickens various hey
man why'd you cross the road oh alright
see you man I feel like right in the
jungle now this is so much like we're
back in that time we were right
yesterday yeah two days ago we're on our
way to Jimmy's house to do a house
Gordon this is sorghum Wow everything
what that goats name from that one movie
right hi
you're fast you were running after the
bus you're running you did a good job
mr. Tumnus that's how I was trying to
think of yes more friends they're going
to go through the hole yeah they are
like some cool colors Hey
oh hey you like chicken
you may catch the bus the world may
never know already got there now I go
close are you like every sign are gonna
hit the brake go got headaches more kids
and our wall hey go home there's a
pothole as big as this truck basically
thousand oh holy bond out oh hey there
it is
these are vitamins even going to come me
do you need to have one every day so
what could you do or desert because
remember that they are thankfully there
is no spicy red curry and this again
never expanded deck without rolling
right at Daniel space it will happen too
hard you know what this place means a
strong course a what brawl Chris be golf
this is like a perfect area for one time
we need for new life wonder so no I'm
pinning these are my new friends by the
way I love doing but it's like it would
be tomorrow
yeah I'm so excited what time is it I'm
not a screen time
yeah which is not back to the video for
a few hours but then we heard rumors
that there's mango passionfruit quick
again gorilla milk yeah
promise hey protein what he heard also
that was hard as a plant very
recommended really I mean in the door I
need some 9g in the area
wait this is a historic moment there's a
stoplight this is the convention center
your idea from our outer city lights up
at night it's really cool and it is
impersonal
whoa the ice cream is in this shopping
mall shopping mall looks really cool
art gallery do this lion No whoo they're
gonna fit in our suitcase this is only
350 bucks so cool
Simba whoo laughs nice claim okay I
here's all the flavors Oh milk cream
fruit salad yum yum
I'll get a billion scoops estrogen tella
No 1 billion of them wouldn't longer
I'll just remember had his flavor before
oh is it real Hey
that was so good I tried it yeah thank
you
you got what flavor I got the milk cream
isn't my girl under a shine to your home
milk so good
and sunset right now
Oh what happened here at home it broke
yeah cuz I gave you another yeah to get
a can't take you anywhere if all about
our ice creams Chekov sunset perfect so
the shopping center opened this year
whole thing right do looking good
fella's wow I just go back to the house
time for dinner but I'm actually really
tired because there's like these giant
drainage ditches on the side I can jump
into we're walking down to the church to
pick up our clothes that they're making
for us if we don't need any alterations
done but I'm really excited to see what
they've made
nice pants
look at it many didn't really and this
is the end of the vlog thanks for
watching and just want to say really
appreciate you guys coming back and
watching the vlogs every day
like and subscribe and share with your
friends you guys are awesome
if you made it this far in the vlog to
the very end comment I see red curry
adventure in the comments only people
who come this far in the vlog will
understand what you're commenting so go
and do that it's been kind of difficult
to vlog what's going on here in Rwanda
just because this is hard to translate
everything that's going on into a vlog
there's just stuff that I it's like
impossible to film so the vlogs are just
creating this this picture that's not
complete because I wish I could give you
guys the full experience but you're just
gonna have to do that on your own and I
highly recommend going on a missions
trip because it is literally
life-changing but that's it tomorrow
it's going to be a really fun vlog so
we'll see you back then so how do you
say it
da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da
