hey guys so Tony here hey guys I was
gonna say Cody wanted to enter the vlog
so I mean he already basically did so
well is not some kind of interesting
intro right right so guys hey guys it's
karena right now we're going to get
measured for our fabrics for the clothes
we walk man
so I'm actually going to get a jacket
made there's we get some candles
well because part of the church here
they have a coffee shop so we can come
by copy support the church and then this
side is the tailor shop so get clothes
made by fabric and help support the
church as well also the women who sew
the clothes together
customer hands oh yeah yeah whatever you
think
so excited to get this jacket a lot of
jackets I get all like lift up my arm
and then the squeeze will go like
halfway up my arm so he measured it it's
been custom tote second this kaki looks
really good
dark chocolate spice and some fruit from
Rwanda itself right now we are checking
out this new medical clinic right now
sort of the church that they're still
finishing up building so here it is but
as much needed here in area Oh almost
went down so this is the kids program
that we're going to do some ministering
to there's like 50 kids that go here ish
give or take so we got a bunch of
activity set up for them a play later
and really fun
my name is Navy is why my name is Daniel
my name is Michaela Medina my name is
Andrew my name is Miranda York La Mirada
my name is Jackie now it was so we're
doing pictures from the posters like you
under stations like we're doing a puzzle
they're doing bracelet soccer ball music
they're playing hot potato
every kid put their handprint on the
jesus loves you posters
I'm picking up the blog here in the
morning I didn't film anything after we
did the birth with the kids which was
really fun but we did a house visit
which was just incredible and today
we're doing that work with the kids
again but I did want to point out that
yesterday my shoes not so dusty I mean
it's just like that red dust like pretty
cool at the dust chair as I really like
this deep red dirt so even though it's
dirt school dirt
on the bus I'm ready
Lobo now a caribou a Chico Susumu okapi
zoo UTSA sherry Gooley veloute s -
onomatopoeia a Nico city Makkah photo
Kawai Yoko Louie and Akari here's the
school were visiting pretty good setup
I'd say my god basketball volleyball
some bikes
how many nice aerial parts of a bean see
today I need to take that lesson can do
another example
it was a good idea
you got people what's everybody gonna
see the accent oh but I never seen that
my god move move over for checking out
this piece of land that they're wanting
to build a new school on go see what it
looks like
hey that is great seven great slice cool
Andre huge do it again kids day too high
i do you money this is a fake walk yeah
but whoa whoa whoa you ain't coming
she's like what is going on
whoa it's good with the dubrow's here my
name is Andres Cassandra yes
hi guys
ice cream shop tomorrow video right she
promised right now we're going to a
local coffee shop right no the church
coffee okay yeah copy these guys race
here you want but you're on flip-flops
right we get wanna Lindy only Wow
staffers there those are amazing
handling
Oh looking good is it enough okay thank
you Mary it's just like a topic I'm
shaking
thank you coffee was good we're going to
do a couple of home visits now and just
a second ago I was trying to find where
my sunglasses are at looking all over my
pocket oh my god I thought I had
sunglasses then I was like wait a minute
here they are I always forget that you'd
be wrong cuz I'm like Andy how are you
oh I'm chalking myself guys pretty
normal around here
yeah it actually is kind of normal here
we are the first house visit
this house is pretty epic because
they've got corn just right in the
backyard or as they call it here made me
amazed did find one it's almost ready
pretty who's there
aw it's like sunset as well
Jackie just sponsored her it's so
exciting
I'm sad to inform you but this is the
end of the vlog so thanks for watching
come back tomorrow for another fun
episode and if you haven't already
maybe you should subscribe and turn on
those notifications there and you'll
never miss an upload all right have a
good rest of your day
peace out people day - ah you have a
jump squat
look Luna hahaha
