good morning everybody welcome back to
the vlog here in Rwanda yesterday was
really fun day we spent I think the
entire day in the city the city here
kinda reminds me of Sri Lanka a little
bit and the sense that it's like really
built up really established and looks
really nice but the surrounding villages
obviously are not going to be this nice
which is what we're doing today actually
which is like a day-in-the-life
type of thing I'm going to see if
someone else can explain it better but
I'm really excited the place we're going
to is like a two-hour bus ride so we
gotta get some breakfast first Hey yeah
you
as a local coffee mean pre-roasted being
yeah so that's the outside and that's
the female is it I'm trying to focus is
kind of bumpy but they just it looks
like a cranberry and then I'll pops the
bean
I'm really excited activity we're doing
today is cow dung paintings kind of
strange is Malamute a I'm okay
me Musa remember me Mesa how many homes
here it's like one this is one big home
let it hover the clothes are cow excuse
me men Turkey
okay that's the turkey attorney here
again
hi guys I like whistle yeah there we go
hey fellas Oh an Iggy piggyback you no
way was this a map yeah where's the
you're here fool away yeah yeah
part of the family we're getting ready
to prepare some lunch sweet potatoes in
yucca plant yeah yeah yeah thank you I
think this yeah I think so it's got
above me
yeah it's punished oh yeah oh yeah
that's a keeper never ever to get in the
pile
oh you're making a mess I'm all done
we need to figure out it no this is made
out of mud how where danger Wow again
the directivity big enough to cook is
the coolest on I gotta leave we are so
thin Emily yeah
who's ready for the main event
Leah cookie said aha we're doing right
here these are supplies done caldo Carol
done repenting will be done T yes you
measure the length of your frame okay
divided into two cavity open bar really
economy oka genovian deporte a new
monopoly I'm gonna try and do this one
Finnegan you could turn a good job when
the money I give you and I go on the
rule and oh it's okay I'm still curious
how this turns into cow dung I just
transformed he's got some he's so good
so he's a professional or where's your
hand if cow poo all over them need is a
little bit no rubber gloves good you get
the full experience I will play a whole
day your cow poo has arrived
yeah what are you doing okay so you just
grab it what's the water for you like
what once I got it I can travel ha ha
all finished
here's just rudder hard yeah yeah have
cow poo all over my hands it's coming
looks good yeah yeah I guess this is a
banana tree it has many functions okay
not viable become
who knows Wow you can put this bag in
that bag yeah I'm holding back step 2
once the poo is under eyeing you sand it
around the mountains
Charlie hey I realize what you just
invented in your there are pores okay
and they doesn't think anything's funny
I'm not everybody but yours kind of like
crap I use my own jokes now yeah you
know after you come with me so we paint
this on and afterwards we paint it
whatever when all are using wrong time
yeah how'd you do you did pretty good
okay now we just have it dry right help
- thank you okay okay I'm kinda Mikado's
you're so big it's so he did happy
birthday dear crazy
okay yeah so more sanding for painting
do it Mulla crew see something like that
it's cool they have the bricks laying
out here for the mud house hits a set
drive like four days and then they start
building that was pretty fun believe
this is made at a cow poo this is Mary's
painting I mean it looks really cool
good job I have a lot of spots of mine
that I think it'd be nice you can weaken
their anticipation my fish so just play
along
ah
don't do your jet look at this funny
thing Palmieri
we're back to the house we're staying at
I can't remember if I said this before
but this is the guest house of the
African new life and we're working with
so there's a lot of rooms here but I
feel like I still have cow dung all over
my hands so I should probably take a
shower soon Azizi life that was really
really fun they have a lot of different
projects you can do there there's
different activities the paintings we
did is something they do to make money
so they'll make those and they sell them
in the shop and then like other shops
look around the main city here which i
think is really cool as easy is I can't
remember which language is from but it
means like excellent life sometimes I
feel like I'm leaving out information as
you guys are wondering about is like
hard for me to think about Oh what
questions do they want answered in the
vlog about what's going on about the
country whatever so I think a good
solution to that is if you just leave
some comments down below of some
questions you might have or what or
whatever and I can just answer them
there but one thing I did notice that
was interesting is in Rwanda the taxi
services are just motorcycles like in
Sri Lanka they had the little to tooks
but here it's just motorcycles so it's a
one passenger and they're literally
everywhere I wanted to ride one but
they're kind of dangerous so and I think
we're just going to chill the rest of
the night I think dinner is fairly soon
I'll show you something this is the moon
and the southern hemisphere if you've
never seen it before what do you think
tomorrow we're doing some
ministry work with the kids of the
church so right now we're practicing a
play that they're going to do a little
better
logo here among the people we got so
hold him wherever you want okay you
should be good good job Oh unless you
want to be in someone's room and that's
the end of the vlog thanks for watching
hope you learned how to make some
paintings at a cow poop and and we'll
see you back here tomorrow
god bless God bless Capas pieces
the speech is bad
