happy birthday to you happy birthday -
oh this is a super happy birthday dear
dices hi everybody thank you thanks okay
good Britney looks today
no messing Oh bye good morning guys and
welcome back to vlog I literally have no
idea what's going on today
Burnie is it won't tell me anything so
Randall God some simple breakfast and
some coffee and what you'll be doing it
hi mom what
let's go guys all right throughout this
place here called Lincoln Center
it's an old I think this is an
elementary school I love when they do
this type of stuff they turned it into a
bunch of shops so they got a coffee shop
they got this smoothie breakfast shop
it's just so creative there's this shop
and then you can walk right out here
look at this they got a design studio a
bakery copy a barber coffee roaster a
CrossFit don't you just all this kind of
stuff yes their waffles are so good
these are paleo uncle's got almond
butter and they have some maple syrup
breakfast is gonna walk right next we're
here at the coffee shop check it out
pretty of course got a pour over so it
should be your shoes yes coffee just
arrived this is where we're at by the
way building three
how's your pour over Brett remember
which one we got what was it called
sounds pretty rare from El Salvador a
lot of coffee roasters like thank you
sir copies from out of country help
provide jobs for COD in the country so I
find it really cool I really like Rocco
coming up not started we're live on
Instagram again and you guys were
desperate to be in the vlog so we said
fine so you guys want to say anything
real quick you guys can say something
and see yourself if you want
in the blog people from India issues now
where do you think from are you think
there's Brittany Judah Graham guys all
over yet before we head home and
continue today we want to stop off here
been here before for the vlog but it's
just like all local foods and stuffs and
Brittany's never been here so we wanted
to check it out
here's all the veggies I got the yep
this is the meat area yeah it's just
like a small quaint little shop that you
can get I call your local good stuff
here we're back at the house for a quick
second and if you guys missed
yesterday's vlog we picked up this I'm
so dang excited that the Mavic Pro we
have this Manfrotto backpack literally
my favorite camera bag company if you
have never heard of them and you're into
cameras seriously I just put the drone
in here and there's still tons room for
like an computer stuff but yeah I got
the drone charged right now so we can
hopefully do some tests on this later
and just up the game for you guys only
travel get some cool drone shot like new
areas and there we go got a 128 gig 4k
memory card for the drum this will do
what are we doing now well guess
Brittany's dropping me off here at this
uh massage place yep I get a massage
y'all alright okay yep I have some
secret um
other stuff that I have to do and I
can't have him with me so she's gonna
volunteer right now and tell you guys
what's going on I don't know I don't
know what's going on but yeah that's all
yes no it was all sure hey guys me
massages too so this is pretty awesome I
know I hope you feel relaxed thank you
so much yeah so I just dropped him off
he is at the massage place and so now to
see you guys know about what we're doing
I am surprising Dustin we are going into
this super healthy food place up in
Denver and it's called root down and
Justin's been wanting to go there and
our friend Nick administer Justin
doesn't know that Nick is able to even
see him so so we're doing that but after
we eat dinner then we're going to go
camping after
I'm going to go to the store grab some
birds some buns some essentials for
camping and yeah forgot to hurt oh my
word
I think I did it guys I think if we're
all back right now when we get him he's
waiting for me at the masseuse I don't
know if you guys can see the car but it
is packed like it's very packed I also
tried really hard to I to make sure that
I grabbed all of his drone and camera
gear okay you know you got a plug and
you got to get me good but it's all the
trip there is okay
fingers crossed that he does not know oh
there you go
oh oh Karzai James Carr you're not
allowed to look behind you why because
of a surprise but check and make sure
that everything is in that bag how was
your massage bus that was nice yeah
everyone should get a massage like at
some point just it's so relaxing and
really good for your body like
especially if you're like really
stressed out or anything of that
definitely save up some time I'm you can
speak on this to me I know
oh thank you very much for that yeah
course Britney has turned on this road I
mean I know this area very well
still trying to figure out what's going
on pretty and this is like really good
because I can usually figure things out
pretty easily
but currently fit one yeah we're up in
Denver guys yes bring the bags inside
and it's time for food I can't wait to
go here
root down hello you come on ah dude bed
yours hey there's one other person here
so I got these little drinks to start
this is the ginger lemon Ella and what
is this wow what not sharing any of this
and see the whole entire nation yeah
right
you had most affected because we were on
the road but there is actually a change
of plans
we are not going camping for a few
reasons
so dinner got done at about 8:00 and the
camping place that we are going to go to
is actually a little over two hours away
and we would have to set up our tent and
all that stuff get a fire going in the
dark and that might have been a little
bit difficult so like let's just
reschedule where we can all you know go
camping again have more time to
understand yeah earlier in the day to
get more activities done and then after
dinner I wasn't feeling too swell I
don't know if it was some of the food
aid or green I just want to spend some
time you know
together away from the blog away from
technology a long day and just like
doing seven labor both like like that
right now so they're with me yes the PLC
coming together I think it's so awesome
like all the planning Birds done today
just me and it means so much Nick
setting up the whole camping everything
I don't know all the people have
messaged me today my friends and family
have called like thank you so much
seriously like it means a lot and I'm
just so thankful for you guys this life
and everything but if there is one thing
I could leave you guys with tonight
before we get home go to bed and chillax
I literally don't want anything if
there's anything you could do for me for
my birthday is I'll leave a link in the
description is the village that we're a
part of in Uganda needs so much help
much more help than what we ever would
need here in America
just begging food to survive really so
if you want to join us in partnership
with you know sponsoring a mom and all
the moms their widows I could spend a
lot of time talking about them but I'll
leave a link to the website beef ashes
Uganda oh I'm talking about like well
because you and I quite like oh my gosh
there's so much cool stuff in the works
right now wait wait yeah what is this
organization if you guys saw in Uganda
blogs your priorities all about it but
like at the moment yeah we you guys want
to just we're sponsoring this village or
tomorrow and you just pay whatever you
want a month and that money 100 percent
of the money goes to them specifically
and their needs whether it be hospital
or education they're all about
empowerment and giving them like the
tools they need to in order to learn and
succeed in life so I'll just leave a
link in the description and it'd be
awesome if we could all come together
and make the world a better place just
by something as simple as that
so I like pretty sad we got to make a
video talking more about it because
you're probably still confused on what
it's all about but and thank you for
loving this man and all of your birthday
wishes and
oh yeah I do not have the same ding
sprint thanks guys
they do appreciate it I think it's so
cool you guys let comeback enjoy
watching our blogs and I always leave a
nice comments about us it's so cool so
yeah you guys have grace unite and stay
happy because you can that's not a while
see back here
