welcome back to blogs guys right now I'm
at the airport waiting for the rest of
my over 1/2 team to show up
mr. team jersey so wait for the
teammates I flew from Florida here where
Newark right now and they're flying from
Denver so they'll meet me here the start
of the journey on the mission trip on
the AirTrain over to this terminal this
guy stop being is like no are you going
to Rwanda like yeah it was like I'm from
Rwanda I was like oh my goodness what a
small world
we talked for a couple seconds and yeah
he was a really nice guy by the way
today is national donut day which I
usually always get a donut on this day
and as I was walking down to the gate
here I saw this sign Dunkin Donuts and I
got really excited until I saw the rest
of the sign that says coming soon the
law man guys my teammates have arrived
hi Mary hey team Maile this was got
pretzel bun here before the cooking here
boy
these are nice
you
but a squad all on the plane waiting to
take off both read fine to Brussels and
the Brussels or find a Kigali Rwanda
sorry Snoopy can't go with us hi just
one waffle yeah so this is the Brussels
Airport hey we're getting waffles I mean
Daniel got one - yeah but where are we
Belgium gotta get a waffle I mean come
on
infancy Basel we're dead now
first breadth of Africa dear
like airplane this airport we're all
going to load up in this bus it over to
where we're staying
transporter for all the bags the Toyota
guys we've just made it to the guest
house we're saying that this place has
so many rooms and they've all got like
mosquito nets which is a major plus I
have to show you that outside in the
morning when it's light out it is pretty
cool we've been traveling for quite some
time playing it's time for bed
but first fifty assemble the net what
yeah your side okay assembled see you
guys in the morning
we're on our way to church now
so this is the church we're going to be
working with while in Rwanda it's really
nice and that a wedding here yesterday
this church is awesome
yes you'll notice they don't really have
a Leslie so Church was absolutely
amazing loved it
did you guys like church yeah it was
awesome and now we're having lunch this
place called heaven and below Fairtrade
yes dude this is awesome
omelets pancakes so many rare chance to
do some swag I'm going to check out that
shop here apparently there's a lot of
locals who come those where they sell
something made for mmm bookends really
cool
just in case you want to know diego
means yes would you like some milk to
drink yeah go for at a local market
we're going here to get fabric it goes
at the end of the trip they're going to
make clothes for us so I'm going to get
some fabric person to making t-shirt
this is the fabric shop yep Wow a lot of
cool fabrics and decided to give it Jake
it made some using this fabric and
they're cutting another piece this one
don't manage to make it can put this
fabric it looks so cool yeah are you
sure it again but so this will be the
outside of the jacket and this will be
the inside amen
show off your fabrics before we are we
call wear our clothes after as we made
it back to the house just in time for a
traditional session
whoa good job I know the dance moves
very well guys I think this is the end
of the vlog one more thing we did today
was we visited the genocide Memorial
which was very heavy stuff that's all I
got to say and I don't really think it's
really appropriate for me to explain
everything that happened like in this
country so I encourage you guys to do
your own research because I think is
pretty important to learn about what
happened here a little bit about the
organization we're working with out here
is called Africa new life and they come
and operate similar to compassion so
they have like churches schools and a
big part of what they do is sponsoring
children here and they're doing some
amazing work in this country and the
communities they're in so it's really
fun to be working with them and so
there's more to this organization that
I'm able to explain so if you want to
check them out too you can do that as
well
but yeah like I said that's it see you
guys back here tomorrow god bless peace
out
