everybody welcome back to vlogs today is
a very exciting day because there's
something I've been wanting to get for a
while now to improve the vlogs and just
have to be able to explore more we have
some more travel plans this year so this
is going to come in some serious handy
so we're here at Mike's camera at all
this camera care will go best always
coming to camera store is just like the
coolest like so many different types of
cameras to shoot with and if you guys
are looking til I get into vlogging or
pranking I'd say come into a stroke this
is perfect because they'll actually try
them out you can even rent some things
like this is that this is actually the
camera we use for pranking right there
but I know a lot of other youtubers use
like DSLRs like that like the bigger
cameras with like a zoom ones so
depending on what your budget is there's
a few different options also these are a
few vlogging cameras that youtubers use
like I think that's the newest one for
Sony so we got it before we get home and
open it show you guys the whole setup
tonight's gonna be awesome because we're
going to a drive-in movie and I have
never actually been to a drive-in movie
No
on alpha right now at Whole Foods
getting some snacks because driving
movie any movie needs good snacks and
good drinks got chips guac these banana
things what we had out to Pablo because
we only have one Dino driving feeder
here in Colorado and it's like an hour
way I want to show you guys what we got
here
so we got of course the magic Pro drone
now the reason why I chose this one is
because of the 4k capability I think
it's the Bret best drone on the market
the new drum that just came out the
spark by these guys only shoots in 720p
so that sounds like and I think I'll go
a bit because I'm all about that quality
you know and then this is like the
deluxe version or edition of the drones
an extra battery charger a car charger
or some Mouse and stuff so this will be
pretty useful because we're doing like I
said tomorrow traveling with here it
some cool shots where you get a little
bag that holds all that extra goodies
we're going to be doing some test shots
of this soon we're going to be going on
some cool hikes here in Colorado because
there's a really cool area so you've
never showed you guys on the vlog
Channel and I actually have an
experience either so we want to bring
this along and it's just going to be
some fun stuff coming up so stay tuned
now let's head up low blow to get some
driving movies guess what
it's Davey's birthday our dog Daisy I
think she is too today
and last year we did this we took her to
Wagoner wash and they make their own
like custom dog treats and I think they
make like birthday dog cakes so we're
going to go give her a nice little bath
freshen her up and get some snacks
dinky it's your birthday how do you feel
do you feel so old dude
are you ready for a bath no I didn't
hear it baby stays you can do that
you're going to get it back she's out oh
here we are
wagon wash this place is awesome I don't
know if you guys have any pets or if
these are around you but pretty cool
place so many dog snacks
oh absolutely
here we go fuck happy birthday Bo
welcome to the wash fur buster ultimate
premium or basic did be a little nervous
feeling like that it's okay it'll be
fine it's your birthday for pete's sake
look how strong on this part is like Vee
it's okay we're getting you Queen warm
dammit
oh yeah she said so much we're gonna
wash it - she's like why are you doing
this to me we've been washing her for a
little bit until Astrix hair except it
doesn't never end leave he likes to shed
many times it looks so far just yelling
now the time for dry
three tree samples what yeah she's all
clean now for her reward I know she
doesn't like it but she smells so good
now there are so many good treats
it's a small cake Britt she could have
bad oh I love her princess oh yeah I
know you want one even healthy choices
for the dogs
coconut oil this is trying to clean up
I should like how does it work here eyes
baby right sources so quickly so this is
where we're trying to sit like we're
trying to figure out a better solution
to her eating because that's where she's
worked and my cool but all the time
come on did you get this next come over
go out my point is so cool-looking
she's turning figure I can get a date
how smarter you are loving so much
yeah she's keeping her hair birthday hat
on the bag oh so they said this is for
serving so prolly let's cut it up yeah
ready go yes Daisy last time she took it
off quickly but now wonder knows it's
your birthday so all right how fast will
Daisy eat this
are you ready
keep your birthday hey hey get back here
with the cake oh oh yeah I think we can
all agree baby is happy on her birthday
although the wash wasn't probably her
favorite we had to reward her with the
regretting I know the best we also went
with this thing so like I mentioned
Daisy likes to eat fast so it's like a
little maze for the food this will be
perfect for her ivory food
Lydia what yeah you go usually put in
here you just literally eat it in like a
bite so bad good for your digestive
system yay yes Mason this is right way
you're not hitting okay answer right
here the drive-in movie video York sided
or what this is awesome I'm so excited
you have you been dropping movies and
you yes I'm only one uh where we go
though guys there are people in those
cars I don't see any people in the gas
baby doesn't start yet yeah okay this is
kind of cool $9.00
so the movies are playing are the new
parts of the Caribbean movie and
guardians of the galaxy I think they
actually have a multiple movies playing
but we're doing a live Q&A right now on
Instagram if you're not following us
specifically it's on my account right
now but as a child I would have to say
Toy Story
okay what's the next question what's
your favorite color
royal blue your turn
why do you make it so cool I think oh I
don't know favorite genre John genre
genre um plays Frank Sinatra yes yes
okay really I don't know I don't know
that I know you really liked it but jazz
looks fancy
I think Frank Sinatra has own genre like
just Frank that's you should should say
what Virgina
Frank Frank okay our friends are the
ones who invite that let me can I pull
over to the side here okay okay all
right
oh crap which movie guys I could see
both not me who I'm telling how cool
this is you guys there's a movie there
there's a movie over there so doing cool
and then this is our mobility why
haven't we done this on date nights more
because it's so far away go away there's
a friend Sarah Becca there look there's
a snack bar you can all get out of your
car guys really make this a weekly thing
I'm serious it's so hang out what is
that beeping that's you all this is so
cool I love it
guys look who's here
Tyler's here Becca oh gosh we haven't
told you guys or showing you guys yet so
you guys remember this man from the
blogs for several times his lovely wife
Becca
do you have some news for the fans yeah
we got a baby are you feeling good yeah
with you right now yet with us right now
I'm gonna forward out here real quick of
course we have already seen the baby but
this is the first time we get to show
you guys I know some of you may have
seen and remember Tyler so I think it's
cool to show you guys that they have a
new little girl her name's Riverland and
here she comes
girl munchkin really will wake up and
say hi did she have a good right here of
course Justin so we're all ready for
baby max are out we got some Brock chips
and then we have our meals up there
which will be having very soon and check
this out
they even got a snack bar here
can we all just vote and say that this
looks really good on Justin yep got your
timing in I'll put up their dad training
it's always handsome when like you know
men hold babies like look how delicate
and beautiful she is if you having a
nice news I know she's so pretty
whoever in a queue I know she's wearing
like the prettiest like little pink
onesies
fixing injury you can open up your eyes
and hang with us you guys will have a
good time you're gonna watch your first
movie it's not rated PG fo maybe you
should keep your eyes not already Miley
are going to garden baby yeah we watch
Star Wars so they're already really yeah
ha
we hope like when she was born she was
born on Star Wars Day May 4th which is
actually my dad's birthday as well so
she and my dad is angry with my dad is
pretty nice oh cool but flowers maybe
plays a force be with you every week
Tatooine no way if you ever wonder like
what a baby feel like this is what she
feels like right now oh yeah the movie
should be getting started soon I think
maybe you need to get a little darker
but ok we're just having some good
chance over here guys
finally so now I got to turn on our
radio thank you you can't see the screen
move boy
you'll never be the raised bed that back
you can't something like that you can
learn it again as fuzzy brings you
everything world it was like lightning
over there you Nick you're like Star
Wars
yes so this is Patrick Caribbean
that's it for today's vlog guys um you
should be expecting Andrew and Mary's
vlog soon I did see on Twitter that they
are in Rwanda safe the mission stripped
vlogs are going to be just so awesome I
really am excited to watch them so I'm
just not sure about the Wi-Fi situation
they're so wolfy just stay tuned and
have a great mr. day thanks for watching
day goodbye
