hey guys so before we begin for Friday's
vlog real quick I just want to say if
you're not following us on lives on me
for Friday's every Friday when we do
these four videos we like to go live on
live on me and we're really having a
good time on it and we know a lot of you
guys have let us know to do more of them
so if you're not following it yet top
description go follow us and we're about
to hit two million ballers so yes okay
let's go everybody and welcome back to
for Friday
yay high-five guess who's with me whitey
so a lot of you guys are now but Andrew
Murray are in Rwanda are heading to
Rwanda right now on their first missions
trip but that doesn't mean for Friday
should stop right and so I'm here yeah
she's never built a fort I've never
built was built for it they're like not
in a store so this really super are you
nervous
yes let's just go inside I'm gonna just
show her the ropes of fort bill but say
let's go inside and see what kind of
course we can find today looks like we
can't build any forts outside it's about
to storm lightning rain and thunder are
coming concise first of all thank you
guys for leaving so many likes on a last
board this is not many guys Davis it
still blows my mind that you guys like
the support videos so much I mean I love
building short videos but it's just cool
to see you guys enjoying them as well
but because Britney's never before I
want to try and fill before that I have
a vote for either so we're kind of
exploring around and we found the paint
cans section and this might be a good
area I mean
we won't get in trouble you just be
respectful and there's no thing there's
nothing to worry about
now let's just try this first and see
what happens so the first thing you
always want to do in building four is
look for open areas you need our side
I'll go hide no you have to help okay so
it looks like back here there's like a
top a ton of open space and that's why
you want to look for it and so what we
want to do is probably pull all these
paint cans forward pull these but you
want to build the outside walls you want
it to be open on the inside and the
outside to be full of walls are these
heavy by the way like like dude
how much me playing five gallons Hey
there's got to be like 80 pounds okay
just for the record I did help a little
bit I know all the coach doesn't look
like it but I did help huh this is
always the first part this might be the
most workout for it we've done the
outside walls because these are so heavy
I'm flattered I'm so flattered that you
picked this for food I like so good at
literally time I put the blame on you
he's like an amazing like people people
don't think that Mike Strauss would
smell do this literally she's like the
perfect disguise if you ever going to
build a fort bring some girls because
it's a perfect date too like I was just
in there and some customer walked by and
she's like you're acting like a
four-year-old this perf and she was like
it cleared Kamel again I'm like just
maybe was mean Andrew people beg what
are you doing go go go go
yes go to work
nice stuff this wall will be good
connect and come in from behind you see
over there yeah okay but I don't want
this one so I'm coming around on fuck
this honestly as I can get be like also
watch out for this wall I'm going to
cover there and helpful okay I did you
have a girlfriend
prepared to support I promise you Reggie
bringing closest physically and will be
set your winter coat are going to seal
that up it's so heavy like a worry I
can't even like can't girls if you go to
a fort don't bring your purse okay
don't bring your purse oh look okay
we just think it's wrong
you hear that that's lightning up
cyberthunder so mad we just got out
check out your jeans good awesome okay
it does game here play RC if there's a
rugs and maybe more areas to expand I
hear all the drugs and which one so many
options so before we continue building a
fort the painting for mark I'm just
looking to see if you will find any more
Newports that put a secret hatch and
check this out guys Wonderland horse but
this is like the secret hatch of all
hatches how cool is that right look at
the secret hatch
thank God I very want to
should I go
Oh guys check I'm getting dusty but
check it out up here so open
there's so much exploring possibility
Wow
when literally almost no top-4
Oh
even like a little seating area over
here so guys well if you got rugs up
here just be such a nice chill pad
they're just the reason why I fell for
so much I said being able to explore
around and just find me like hiding
spots it's like the coolest thing
because I used to play hide-and-seek
as a kid so much and I don't know if
that's what's why it's so fun I thought
I'll never get older that's that we just
loved building forts and it seems like a
lot of you guys build forts as well
sending us tweets and stuff Brittany
just called me ball talk loud there's
somebody right there
I should probably put my phone and say
can you help them is it safe to come out
right now
right
yeah oh thank you
teamwork flowers is a good addition
we're going to go back to the pink an
area and Brittany suggested real-life
flowers to add fresh air to the fork
yeah okay great did you find a good spot
why Brittany is the best wife she found
this hole
where'd she go
where is Brittany let's check behind
door number one no where did she go what
how's the weather in there Oh looks like
such a funny picture Oh your first
toilet for how do you feel I'm honored
so here's your purse
what if somebody opened up one of the
twelve teeth and just saw both laughing
what
yes got your own bed now my manners
Tartarus
but so does she dude
the come out his knowledge
- clear
okay you better dust yourself off Turner
am i literally just like a little off
just just shake it off
yeah we need to wash your hands that's
the only problem with like LaForge is
they're so dusty sometimes we make it
out alive guys so this was Britney's
first time building for it we wanted to
make it a successful fourth day because
it's no fun ever getting caught if you
get out of the store without getting
caught that's a successful for it and so
we just did that how do you feel after
that so like my heart is so bad like
ain't so much stuff look at my car look
yeah we're gonna have to bring this to
the car wash everywhere to dust
factories but it works but we're going
to head back down I'm probably the stop
on the way home get a nice movie or
something and we just missed the storm
cell yay overall my experience was
pretty good like honestly I could never
do this all the time because I just get
so nervous and I would panic when people
are coming by because I hate I'm someone
who loved to play by the rules so I
don't know how you don't live it me
neither usually get pretty nervous but
yeah it's just so fun I don't know I was
telling them earlier like just hi it's
like hide and seek there's something
like intense and scary and fun about it
but guys we've like birdies first for
you left me hanging earlier than any
times I that was awesome so expansive
they're like make the boy yeah one of
the employees recognized me so it was
that also makes it difficult and people
watch the videos you know oh well then
you know why I'm here
yeah I'll weave
it's going to quick smoothie from super
fruit Republic we got Pattaya peanut
butter smoothies how is it good yeah I
love the camera why you what
I love it because there are so many like
new smoothie places that are opening up
around like everywhere you go you can
find like a really good smoothie place
and we love smoothies
plus the colors cool back home guys
thanks so much for watching today
I wonder if Andrews going to be doing
any forts while he is in Rwanda by
either way today was so fun I'm so happy
Brit did it with me make sure you guys
leave like for that thank you I think
yes thanks for watching go come back for
more daily vlogs this week and if you're
new make sure to subscribe it's super
easy
make sure notifications are turned on
because a lot of people that haven't
problems that lately and like we
mentioned earlier top of the description
will download live dot mean you come
follow us and we'll chat with you guys
live and answer your questions and have
a good time in the next for bill alright
beat up
and
