I welcome to Florida I'm starting to
vlog off here at night it's about 1 a.m.
it just got to my hotel room but I
wanted to start it now because I don't
know how tired I'm going to be in the
morning I'm here for the SpaceX launch
SpaceX is launching a rocket to the
space station and I'm here to do some
social media stuff and I'm really
excited because I've never seen a launch
in person so I'm super excited because I
love space and tomorrow it'll be like an
introduction day I think I don't even
know what to expect but the launch is
actually on Thursday so like two days
from now well like it says 1:00 in the
morning I'm going to go to bed
immediately and then in the morning
hopefully grab a little bit of breakfast
before I Drive over there so we'll see
you guys in the morning all right okay
it's morning
whoa
I have a couple minutes to grab some
breakfast from the lodge don't turn
right alright so this is the check-in
for all the people going to the social
as what they call it that
NASA social so if you ever heard of it
that's what it is
all while you're out here spec
absolutely must remain together as a
group that means that there are
operational you look at the American
flag the Stars 16 CBS come on get your
scientist
that's the conscience office eight
people do going into the launch control
center you guess what they do in there
that's the Vehicle Assembly Building
they assemble the Rockets and stuff in
there
only one story can you believe that so
many patches long amazing watching okay
so now I'll I think which is again yeah
we Rose still have figured out network
or the last shuttle launches we run
Delaware North doors the little New
Scientist new schools employ
after bad his angle when you go wrong
you just finished our tour in the
control center which is really cool but
now we're going in to be ate guilty and
huge building the assemble the rocket
it's going to be nuts fine oh let's go
on in
you have to imagine a rocket being in
here
Oh
please all right yeah you are closing in
cow so that was the first feeling out
goes even higher is hurting my brain
oh what's that
just random space castle just showing
nobody that's where we just finished
installing all of the platform for the
SLS lon
so this is the platform they build the
rocket on and those holes right there is
where the exhaust show is possible
there's probably some cool stuff to
explore this building all I thing about
is doing a 24 hour video in here
holy moly time for some launch think
it's 20 minutes every building and I can
be here has an acronym
so this lunchroom multi-use fun zone or
something sweet so this is like a live
stream can live stream there live stream
thank you for joining us today after
base center here in Florida has advice
that will be watching the International
Space Station view the first space
mission is dedicated to the study of the
neutron stars you try and start start
this life as the star like our Sun but
maybe 10 to 20 times bigger finishes
burning its nuclear fuel the start
explodes in a supernova explosion the
core that that original star collapses
into a small dense object that's about
the size of a city it is the densest
matter that we know in the universe and
if that original star was a little bit
more massive then the result of a
supernova explosion would have been a
production of a black hole essentially a
self-contained unit that tends how out
in this life in fact we'll be sending up
approximately 4000 to 6000 eggs that
will catch Amiata and when they come
back we'll be able to analyze their
heart function
they're hanging out the swag bag welcome
yay I'm up for coming out picture Oh
what could it be that concludes day one
at the NASA social and tomorrow is the
launch day hopefully if the weather
holds up starting to rain from right now
but I think they're saying it's about a
70% go for launch tomorrow which would
just be so much fun but kind of drive
back to the hotel and I don't think
about food later I can get back to my
hotel room I'm looking around and it
looks like the housekeeper did up the
beds that look nice so good job but then
I'm looking around and there's this
random dog bone just laying on the floor
like where did that come from I am so
confused I can't even think of a
situation where a dog bone would be in
the hotel room I don't know what's going
on let's see what's in our swag bag join
the journey how do I sign up some cards
astronaut ice cream yay I love this
stuff I'll have it for dessert later
there you go a huge pad of paper I am
pretty hungry so I think I'm going to
drive around and see if I can find
someplace to eat
my car was talking to me what do you
want to say to Mary oh nothing
you're seeing oh nothing
ready to send it no okay I won't send it
just yet
you know when you're ready to continue
oh you bet it's actually kind of a cool
feature which my car did this you just
plug it in and it's like literally
everything's here like your messages go
over to Spotify real quick it was like
reading me messages what do you want to
say to Jacob no I don't I found this
really good smoothie place have you guys
ever tested the Siri voice to text
feature and you just like yell a bunch a
gibberish that doesn't make any sense
and then see what Siri thinks you said
well let's try realistic events might be
to whom should I send your message
Justin what do you want to say to Justin
is nobody here with that your message
says Luke is a lot a lot but here they
eat who had a hoot Neil read that ready
to send it what did you just send car
Luke is a lot a lot but here they eat
who had a whom you led that they just
read it what boys oh well just let them
think no I took a drive down this road I
was trying to find a spot where I can I
fly the drone just for a couple minutes
but starting to rain so unless they stop
soon
I don't know if I'll be able to but it
looks really cool I mean imagine the
drone up there giving some shots of the
Lightning over there well I thought that
I waited long enough maybe the rain
would stop or slow down
but it's not I guess I'll go back to the
hotel room now I was a little sad
because of the drone but then I
remembered that's not ice cream
yes take a look if you don't know what
astronaut ice cream is is basically like
a freeze-dried fruit that's the only way
I can describe it please dried fruit but
it's not fruit it's a artificial flavor
concoction that they made so it's you
know very healthy I think this is the
only food they feed the astronauts
Father in space it's good for a couple
bites but then it's like man and I think
that's going to be the end of the vlog
today guys I hope you enjoyed it it was
really fun for me touring around these
exclusive NASA areas like the VA be
building the annex building Mission
Control basically and tomorrow hopefully
keep our fingers crossed is going to be
the launch which is just going to be
mind-blowing insane lots of cool
information learned today I try to share
a little bit of that in the vlog but I
wanted to be like too boring like you're
sitting in class so I hope you learn
maybe a little bit and had a little bit
of fun as well tomorrow is going to be
super exciting like I said cross our
fingers I hope it happens if you haven't
already you should subscribe to this
channel and then also if you turn on the
notifications on your phone where my
phone goes when we upload a new video it
pops up as a notification so you're
right there you know when it's up you
can try and get first comment if you
desire yeah that's it we'll see you guys
here tomorrow peace out
