hi everybody welcome back to vlogs right
now I am actually heading to do some
community service now some of you may be
wondering why I'm going to do some
community service right now it's give
you guys just a really short brief
explanation and the holy day I want to
say about the community service is that
because of something that happened
during a short video and ER I have to do
some community service hours always just
be careful public
otherwise you can end up doing community
service like so and although community
service is not a bad thing I think we
all need to do concern it's not at the
top of my priority list but it's not
something you I would choose first to do
today
but that being said I am going here
right now with a good attitude because
honestly service is all about serving
others and it's another opportunity to
just step outside of myself and what I
want to do and put focus on other people
so yeah I think today area today got it
I was going to do try a full day of just
the whatever they want me to do in this
place at this place called God's pantry
I think we do a lot of like clothes
sorting and stuff like that
Andrews already done his community
service but yeah I just want to keep you
guys up to date with what we're doing
and just fill you in
another 10 minutes I get there and okay
guys here we are God's pantry ministries
we're in fountain Colorado by the way
the cute little town actually haven't
really been down here it's apparently
they get a ton of bread in so so what
this organization does is they give away
free food and clothes to the community
to those in need so this is pretty
helpful so we're taking all this stuff
and put it out in front cuz they're
selling stuff so we just moved all this
stuff out here now it's like the door is
open and they're selling all this stuff
so people can come and check it out so
we're watching over it talking to people
if they have any questions all right we
got a couch in this lady's car we didn't
think it'd work but it ended up working
so good job for that and look who showed
up
hey Nick just creatively well as out
here you brought some copies and you're
helping out dude what's that wreck
sometime you know y'all be over there
get in there yeah yeah cuz its enemy
place in my car I can just jump in that
day and just didn't oh yeah definitely
and that way I could just like kind of
hold it in place
yeah sweet nice having friends come and
support you
stuff like this yeah bye Nick yeah we're
gonna go all work out tonight but I was
really nice to him to stop back I'm out
here working and Brendan watches the
videos how long you been watching man
came on hey nice
you found us because the fourth I assume
that's what I'm talking about bro thanks
for watching
yes yes I got it guys and you don't have
to smack a table no passing wind at the
table no no we have we have oh okay it's
closing time now so we're putting
everything back the clothes they're open
from I attended to every day at the
beginning of the day we carried all this
out and now I got to carry it back in
side and it looks like it's about to
rain so I should do this ASAP
she scared her with the snake no I
missed it I'm sorry hello yes all done
guys
community service is done today that was
awesome honestly I bet you know it's so
easy to look at um situations like this
as you know on me and why do I have to
do this on today sucks I don't want like
I could be doing so much more better
things but I think the attitude and
mindset we have in life is so important
so if you go into any situation with a
thankful heart you know excited to serve
God and just be present in somebody
else's life and be a light to those
around you that's what's most important
we need to take a step back from
ourselves and stop looking at like what
do I need in life but rather I think
it's more important to what can you do
to offer and help other people out and
just be there and be happy be positive
because there's so much negativity in
the world you got to fight that
negativity of positivity
so I encourage you guys you find some
community service do something good
every once in awhile I think it'll help
you out and it'll make the world a
better place but now it is time to go
home and see what the rest of the day
has in store
yo good morning everybody I have a few
things I need to do the Farley for the
airport
I find that like 3 p.m. ish but it's in
Denver so like hour hour-and-a-half
drive but one thing I got to do before I
leave I want to get a haircut
I've enjoyed the long hair style but
summer is right around the corner and I
think I want to try some shorter hair
now so I'm going to go do that but first
it's time to shave the beard as well I
mean I could leave it like this style
now you listen up here partner
let's try just the most - ahh
blew my mustache off yeah yeah I was
working on my Ford truck and a big
fireball came flying out the tail pop
near blew my mustache off it's weird how
facial hair can just change how you look
completely but it's time for a haircut
now because this is not acceptable here
we are
locals barbershop
all right so here's the fresh cut kind
of hard to tell in the car but yeah a
little bit shorter for summer now if you
guys have been following us for a little
bit you'll know that we have had to deal
with some court stuff and as part of the
court stuff
Justin and I both had to do 16 hours of
community service whoo
I think justin is actually doing his
today but since I'm leaving and doing
some trips I had to get mine done sooner
than later
which I did 8 plus 8 is 16
all done she even wrote great job in a
smiley face but I have to go turn this
in somewhere let's go figure out where
that is I just pulled into this spot and
you can barely see it but there's 2
hours and 46 minutes left on this meter
let's play the best meter fine I have
ever had two hours definitely won't take
me that long so next person will get a
little treat as well
whoops thanks it only here's the
entrance well I wasn't allowed to bring
the camera in but I got it turned in wow
this was the most important thing I'd to
do before I left for many many trips so
I'm very glad it's done it's over I'm
hungry I'm not there the mud kid gays
need this pizza and miss Patty's here
are the last things that I need to pack
passport meds trip insurance cash water
bottle razor laptop cameras charger
sunglasses you know this then I'm done
yes I'm really excited to bring the
drone to Rwanda oh I just I can already
see the awesome shots that we're going
to get on this guy so pack pants guys
I'm here with YP g time for dinner I am
so hungry
Oh actually I'm actually retired too
because being in the Sun all day most of
the day it wears you down so you know we
had to come here
Chipotle the fave this is just what I
needed guys thank you Chipotle for being
so delish
how you like your Chipotle bread okay I
think this is one of our faith places
hold a basic bolt we always get the
chips as well water with lemon throwing
all foods we just did some homework like
literal housework we're making some cool
little addition we're adding some new
additions to our house I'm so excited
but as you can see Thomas passed it's my
time Whole Foods wait my Whole Foods run
guys
Davy's something we're doing thanks a
lot Daisy thank the nice I'm injured
oh yeah what'd you do I put a nail for
my thumb not literally but yeah we uh we
wanted to get a kombucha and make some
cookies guys what flavor should we get
you you help me please go ahead
it's gross we basil and yes I love that
place but there's also there's so many
good I want love
sending some of your love call 1-800
health
trust me he needs it in these cookies I
don't know if your guys Whole Foods has
these but they're locally made Oh what
okay they can't be done yeah here the
cookies are backing in the beauty that
they are and we also got this very good
vanilla flax milk it's good with the
cookies and the computers of course you
guys haven't tried to boot yet you're
really missing out on life okay if
you're trying to stop doing it so this
is a great alternative it's carbonated
and it's actually good for you literally
it has tons of probiotics in here live
cultures just look it up I don't want to
go into detail on explaining this stuff
to you guys but if you really care about
it check it
family game night yeah what is this this
is the nanograms there's no like word
with friends yes yay in real form these
cookies turned out so good I'm still
hurt by the way well everybody has time
for bed now I'm tired
who else I'm sorry I'm tired me myself
and refills ending or not good either
way
thanks for watching today come back
tomorrow we have some really fun plans
this week and Andrews vlogs are going to
be done like he mentioned space X launch
vlogs I don't know any other vloggers
that have done something like this
before and if you like space and you
like missiles and rock chips and stuff
you'll love this alright good that
everybody
