Barrett you're not gonna believe this
it's Easter it's Easter
obviously it's Bears first Easter you
don't even know what that means yet but
to show you what he got in this basket
cuz there's some pretty cool stuff you
go show him what you got oh my god
this it's an activity car seat toy thing
so you're not bored in the car how cool
is that over here we got another little
toy and you can play with if you want
okay two little books this one's cool
look it's a baby chimpanzee you can feel
this feel his fur yes that's pretty
exciting huh
and the last the BB bear book we can
read those some other time but Oh bubble
master Easter baskets are cool and stuff
but the highlight of Easter is the
Sunday church service and I'm really
excited about this one because we bought
Barrett this cute little like two piece
suit set just for Easter service today
so let's go put that on he's gonna look
so handsome
you ready to put your church clothes on
my bear it's all ready for church ash oh
mama look at your handsome boy nice
little pocket square circle Wow this is
I almost threw up on all my clothes
you almost did oh my good clothes hi on
there that's 9 o'clock a few minutes
behind but of the okay because the bear
looks like a stud and Mary said he's
also single so like it down alright guys
here's our church yeah I know you
so we spent the rest of the day just
hanging out family which was really fun
but I'll show you this picture my mom
took a Barrett
so apparently Aaron when he was little
had this little like bunny outfit that
they got him for his first Easter my mom
saved it and here's a picture of Barrett
the Easter Bunny off the head it's so
funny
it's great so I want to do something
just a little bit different I know
there's some of you probably watching
that are like what's this like Easter
all about is it just about monies and
eggs no I thought it'd be cool if you
guys in the comments explained it
because I know there's a lot of you out
there that know Easter or better known
as Resurrection Day so I think it'd be
cool it doesn't matter how old you are I
want you guys to write out what Easter
really means I think it'd be fun for us
to go through and read some of them and
reply the best well written out
explanation you know to the point simple
and we can pin to the top of this video
that would be awesome I think it's
really fun to have you guys see what you
know help each other learn and all that
so what's Easter mean it's hard to
believe that Barrett is already three
months old
where is the time gone I know I haven't
vlogged too much with him which I mean
that's okay
newborn babies there's not a whole lot
of stuff going on he's starting to laugh
and get all these emotions starting to
go which is really fun and actually made
like a couple like dad vlog episodes for
my Instagram so I'll put those in the
vlog right now so you guys can see just
sort of like what's been going on in his
life but it's been really fun
get a diaper let's see what's inside
them this doesn't want to open you're
all clean let's go Big Bird you ready oh
my goodness oh my goodness you got my
toes no Kevin my toes protected the
carpet
it's very snowy and cold outside Barrett
you guys stay nice and warm in there
okay I'll give you the blanket oops did
you look at that you look so comfy are
you ready to go put on some music
all right how's it go
see I'm pretty close to bedtime sounds
like somebody is tired are you tired but
it's only six o'clock and bedtimes
usually six thirty s who are trying to
hold out a few more minutes forget your
bottle on the warmer then we'll go to
bed alright so I have developed arguably
the number one way to put bear to bed
and I'm sure it'll work on other babies
so I'll show you those steps now and
feel free to use them for yourselves
because like I said it is the number one
strategy on the market today this is
step number one you want to make sure
your baby has a very clean diaper you
don't want to be sending him to bed full
of urine or something much worse then
grab your PJs throw them on and get
comfy and next you want to get yourself
a swaddle this step is very important
you want to make sure that it's secure
that it's very tight I mean the look
you're going for is an inmate with a
straitjacket that can't escape I mean
look how happy he is now turn on any
type of white noise maker fan noise
device that drowns out the sound of
lunatic dogs running around the house
now you can begin the feeding process
you've got the noise maker on the lights
off the swaddle is nice and secure just
go with a steady Rock and feed that baby
and make sure you get those bubbles out
unless you want to come back in an hour
to a crying baby no bubbles out ah yes
now you can just Rock a Buy Baby in the
treetop and you can even put your head
back and just close your eyes and my
goodness just go with that steady rock
but don't just stand up right away you
want to slow your rock down to half
speed and then just do that for a few
more minutes to make sure he really is
asleep but stand up is a tough move you
don't want to mess up and have to start
over so just go straight up straight up
slowly make your way over to the crib
rocking the whole time keep Rocking
now he should be sound asleep by now so
say your goodnight prayers and lower him
straight down into the crib straight
down keep that back straight now escape
get out get out of there be careful with
the door but once you get it closed
that's a mission sucks
we did it all right just in time for the
second half of the basketball game it's
2:00 a.m. and they just finished putting
Barrett back to bed
he drank an entire bottle so fast like
he'd never seen food before nothing I've
ever seen him that hungry I don't know
what happened he had dinner but he's
back in bed now hiya pal so I've got the
baby monitor and you can push this talk
and it marries and they're changing him
this might scare her and be funny let's
try can you crawl yet dude and that's it
for the vlog thank you guys for watching
I've just been so fun seeing Barrett
grow and it's only been three months but
he's changed so much already it's gonna
be really exciting to see Justin go
through this as well and can you believe
that their baby is due next month holy
cow that's gonna be so fun
but I hope you guys had a good weekend
and a Happy Easter but before you go um
this is our channel by the way I want to
make sure you guys everybody is
subscribed but don't just subscribe you
want to make sure you hit this Bell so
you get notified about every new video
boink
this check check right now see if you
got that cymbal this Bell symbol that
means it's on off on off on you want it
on because we have some really really
fun vlog ideas for this week so you
don't want to miss them we'll see you
back here tomorrow all right
good bye
