what's up guys welcome back to more
juice - I know a lot of you have been
asking us what's the deal with the RV
because we haven't posted like any
updates yet you haven't been there but
look look where we're at we're at the RV
today cuz we have an idea I think it was
actually Justin's grandpa I think there
might be a problem with the fuel line so
we got Shawn back here yeah right now we
are currently well more like Shawn's
currently I'm gonna take off the whole
fuel line we're gonna go clean it
Justin's grandpa said that the fuel line
might be like domed up with stuff and
it's like oh yeah we're gonna take the
fuel line off and I want to like get
like the only way I can think of to
clean it out is to take it down to the
you know the wishy-washy where you clean
your car and just jam the high pressure
washer in there and just blow it out I
mean I'm kind of hoping that like a
whole bunch of just rocks and pebbles
and go flying out that would like okay I
guess yeah that's the problem guys I
just noticed that there's like a
stalagmite dripping down here and it's
frozen and would you say this is that is
the poo suit Oh poopie flavored lollipop
gross it's kind of angled down so as
soon as I take this office you just can
start training so I'm gonna get perfect
already we should be able to just pull
the whole thing up
this way I'm thinking okay well it's
coming up the line
okay I just got here and Britney has not
seen the RV what are your first
impressions of this now step step step
on inside and let's get a first
impression of okay well the engine
usually has a cover on it so this is
clean oh you want to live here just look
at the ceiling beautiful we clean this
they tarred it up but oh guys
Britney is a lot more creative than me
and Andrew I'd say so what are your
first do you have any ideas of how we
can update and upgrade the inside
interior wise I mean really it's like
the ceiling didn't have this like tarda
wallpaper just keep thinking throughout
the day if you're like walking around
back this would be a good idea for the
for Earl like even like up here is good
it is kind of cool though it could be
have like a really sweet like retro look
yeah here's the original carpet is
buying see there's the original carpet
if we could get it through no yeah Wow
shag city alright guys update on the
plan looks like the fuel line is kind of
difficult to take off so we're just
gonna take off the whole gas can the
whole tank itself is coming down right
yeah plan step it right that that yeah
right there there whole thing coming
down cuz like this this one's like right
behind the wheel
and get blast with the dirt yeah wd-40
sorry to clean out the threads as best
we can forge before we take off the nut
it's probably not gonna work
hey Shawn I'm starting the engine we're
calling grandpa yeah my grandpa loves
this sort of thing working on old
vehicles he has had RV so I'm gonna call
him hey grandpa well we're we're working
on our V now so we thought we'd give you
a call I don't know it's marble tell me
what you're doing thanks so much thanks
grandpa all right we'll let you know yes
grandpa grandpa coming to Klutch for the
win raw Shawn do we got some good input
now yes
what is Shawn doing I got fuel on my
face man here's Matt hello now you do
but you just got your wisdom teeth out
and you're just still Burt are you still
recovering like how's that going uh for
some reason the pains only in my front
teeth but I think it's cause like the
nerve it's like ah but it's not that
video right I did make a video and it's
going up hopefully Friday so it's going
on Friday get excited
I cried multiple times oh yes I can't
wait to watch ahead of the pain because
I said we're back out of guys O'Reilly's
gonna get that fuel line or whatever
that was called
Oh guys it's Nick okay okay guys I'm
here to explain what's happening next I
don't know we're going back to the house
to put on the wire contributor back on
the valve tank on the gas the rubber
hose we bought so it can go to the fuel
injection so that when we start up the
gas will flow through the rubber line
and get to the engine to spark up some
fuel to make the engine go fast so
that's what we're doing right now
heading back from the store you know
what's funny about that is baby that's
basically correct
you just used some incorrect terms but
it's like you said the right thing oh
yeah thank you it's what we're doing are
getting gas in the gas tank because with
what we're doing it involves using the
fuel line hose thing we bought in a gas
tank in the engine
guys I know exactly what I'm talking
about all right Dodge listen up now you
need to work yeah tell them so we're
gonna put this in here this little
rubber tube hook it up to the fuel line
right to the end you'll pump the fuel
pump yes and then we'll start her up we
have a slight change of plans like I was
trying to take the gas tank all the way
off but I think it'd be a better idea to
see if that's actually the problem first
I'm hoping this works guys yes me too
otherwise I don't know what to do we're
making some progress I think I think you
got that hose connected to the fuel pump
yeah it's gonna be a weird contraption
but it hoping it works go ahead and just
hold it right here this is our new new
dash cam we've installed a really good
modification standard Andrew mounting
device all right well so do we start her
up yeah I guess I'm gonna just encase it
there yes cool will it start feel like
what's gonna happen is I'm gonna turn
this key and nothing's gonna happen
remember oh it's gonna crank holding the
gas right now
well I'm gonna see if it if it stalls
with something here guys it's in gear
right now and it didn't stall it didn't
drive
it's an idling really nice and we just
turned it on it hasn't really even
warmed up yeah well it's been really
cold the past couple days too so there
now it's a packet mark imma try reverse
maybe figured out the hat 6 so Shawn
just told us to okay Shawn was like do
you have a fire extinguisher because it
might the car might catch on fire we do
have a fire extinguisher
let's take a closer look at this
specific fire extinguisher 1975 have you
seen or heard of a fire extinguisher
that old will this even work will it
blow up if we try and use it the air
cleaners on is in Drive and it's still
idling so I think we found our problem
what we have to update grandpa adjust
the carburetor a little bit more to get
it to really I don't write oh thanks
yeah thanks for yours thanks for all
your help this is funny
but we backed up the RV just a smidge we
didn't actually know how much room we
had because that rear view mirror
actually goes nowhere
so check how close we are to actually
hitting the garage that was close it did
it did hit yeah he didn't want to stall
it so you didn't really floor it but
went backwards kind of fast so there's
like a couple inches there but the real
magic is right here I stepped on this
and now it's touching
not even a centimeter between that you
can get a camera in the right position
to show that it's like I know I can't
even see the light through it that was
close whoa hey Shawn yeah could you like
stop working for a minute like do a
quick grease performance a little grease
number for us
Oh what song greased lightning great
balls of fire oh my god no serious
hi so we're replacing a fuel line on a
vehicle and wanted to see if you guys
had the part we needed well we just need
to just pick we just isn't around just
fuel line for a carbureted engine okay
great okay all right sounds good
anyways guys I think we have a final
solution yes so all we got to do is
replace the fuel line now and I think I
think it'll work after much thought and
work we can finally get this thing
running so we can do some interior mods
actually drive around town and do fun
things if we're getting so close guys I
hope you're really excited because we
are so make sure you leave a like if you
can't wait to see the vlogs and thank
Shaun and Grandpa we'll see you back
here next time for some interior mods
peace
