well good morning everybody welcome back
to blogs what's happening it's another
film day here little Colorado Springs oh
yeah
rich man we're here with Emerson he's
helping us today again and yeah as you
can see we're just up been a rich man
attire if you haven't seen the rich men
crank look it up on our main channel Jay
soos videos we're doing part two it's a
whole new style Frank it's going to be
epic so yeah we're downtown we just we
actually almost have it finished we just
need a few more prank teams so that's
why we're down here but let's get going
guys so what is the first scene we have
here Beckett all this is this scene
where you're you know bragging about a
big meeting later perfect we have some
people standing outside there they may
be leaving soon they're leaving now
next victim
time for lunch guys we've gotten a lot
of filming done good stuff
old-school bakery guys my food just
arrived looks delicious
the English Emerson just got is as well
five stars here we are back home now um
not sure we're going to upload this
video but it is all done being filmed
and we just got edited oh it's going to
be so epic I haven't fixed my hair so I
look hideous and my shoes with my outfit
just ha style dude yeah there's on it
okay
whoa so we're going to go down to the
park Dollaz yeah okay all right Andrews
longboard is not an electric one but
it's still epic wrong way cool colors
guys yes this is the kind of stuff you
got to do when it's nighttime
I mean it did just rain but you know get
away from technology for a bit enjoy
outside huh we're starting a new summer
basketball league the only thing is you
have to have Electric skateboards No
I was saying it's a new basketball
league Electric skateboards and you
ain't drive around if you whoa
would that be fun yes yeah Emerson does
I don't know how it's going to be that
move though yeah is that right well no
that's wrong but in particular throw
away that's the pro way know what you
were doing what oh my god okay the race
is not dude you just have to use your
muscles dude
almost there you go hey you're gonna
hold it oh man was that I did wrong that
that was good I can't do this
Wow whoa we both can be a different way
that's so fun oh I can climb Frank yeah
why it is a Juris turn to try a cool
trick now what Kimmy okay holy cow dude
CrossFit pull-up CrossFit ports are very
odd yeah they pretty much look like that
seriously whoa guys now jump in the
basket it's gonna break or what no guys
can't flick basketballs nice isn't here
just back up here coming down all right
not from here is hurt Oh what Wow
that's what I say when I'm having fun we
I brought a soda can
Lucroy because I wanted to see it's not
opened if I can land a water bottle flip
she's got a downtown step here wait
watch this what you can get it on the
wood gee can you get it without blowing
up is that that's the challenge Oh hit
the data hit the dab yeah oh yeah
we made up a bunch of different styles
of dabs they're our own dabs they're
better than the normal tab show them the
one you created the pretzel do it slow
mo for the fans so your right arm goes
under you pretzel around and then you
try right on and then we got the simple
one if you're like happy and you're like
thankful you got a meal in front of you
like when your mom gives you a plate you
like or you can use two hands
thanks mom
do you have one Emerson like it's kind
of dad worthy but not really too dad
worthy yeah do the minivan Oh back
there's little Bron James first up we're
going to try a flip the can up to the
little space up there oh that's a big
shot it's exploding ah it's time for
tree climbing Andrews are you at the top
and worsens up here this man is coming
up high the business casual rock climber
should we make our own rock climbing
she's obviously a milot dressed like
that well we got some pretty good views
up here boys yeah you can see everything
I mean I mean branches are tying in the
way but if you like look past the
branches then you'll see I also don't
recommend climbing in these shoes check
out the grip guys yeah
oh hey I drew playgrounds are awesome
especially this one it has so many cool
features especially the spinner 'mobile
wait till it stops whoa I just got ya Oh
bird check this out
oh yeah who's impressed subscribe at all
I think this is so wrong so wrong
Andrew actually I quite six to two I
think way up here
like barely clocking in at five six
these girls asked us to playground ease
with them okay
I'm it ready go yes you should subscribe
Browdy I don't know where I'm pointing
but I'm just showing the viewers where
everyone's hiding somebody's making
sounds over here I'm grabbing holy cow
all of that Andrew oh geez where am I hi
reg Lewis loss is literally right behind
you is he
Andrew yeah I'm coming for you okay haha
got him yes so on ground ease if you
haven't played the counter can open
their eyes on the ground only so that's
Andrew tell them we have logs what
you're gonna subscribe to us now oh yeah
yes Andrew come get us you dork there's
somebody on the slide ha ha ha oh no
kugel Oh miksa what's what a crappy is
happening here you really um I just
missed it at the bottom of the slide
there's a giant water puddle did you get
your butt way I went to go running down
a fire smash my forehead tree Wow now
Ethan's going to go down on the slide
he's gonna run right into me I think
how how what I heard if I didn't use my
feet to stop loud jeez I really gotta do
something about this hair it's like does
that hurt really do that
yeah ow oh oh well I'll do it like home
thanks for watching friends it was fun
day but don't go away quite yet because
andrew has an exciting announcement
announcement Andrew let's hear it so
starting tomorrow I'm going to be just
all the place I'm leaving for a trip for
many tricks I'll be back at the end of
June you may keep but the first trip I'm
going on I'm going down to Florida strip
number one go down to Florida to view
the SpaceX launch they're launching a
rocket up to the space station I think
they're carrying like some sort of
payload or something but anyway and go
in there for NASA
I'm just doing some like social media
stuff so by the way not many people got
invited to this thing so your guys are
going to get like exclusive cool footage
of that event yeah be really cool
because I think you're gonna let apply
to around like NASA stuff and then
obviously a close up and personal of the
launch oh man
it's all you space junkies he excited
yeah I've been immediately after that
and not even find home going to Rwanda
for our missions trip so I'm going to
meet up with Mary and the rest of the
team in New York and we'll be there for
about a week and then after that very
very point of the Europe and we're going
to spend another week there so Chloe
ciao Fritz coming up so I'll be back
here in the springs in Colorado like an
end of June well yeah
lots of blogs going to be coming not
sure how the blogs will will do the
vlogs since he'll be traveling so apply
this sector I don't know but just get
excited for that and I will see you back
here tomorrow
goodbye one
