well how do you do yes Mac the vlogs
today is for Friday's we are so stoked
because you guys love this series our
last for Friday last week got over 1.8
million views and this many likes so
we're back another for Friday vid if
we're gonna do something a little
different today I think oh yeah so we
got the GoPro back here we got a spy cam
we want to go on the rooftop make a
rooftop seems like a penthouse fort oh
yeah so let's go we all have a guest
joining us from the port today you guess
who it is
no subwoofer what can we do a quick
power sneak of the subs yeah okay these
are earrin subs
this is one of the best stores reports
because they have a secret entrance
where you can get off to like the top
shelf like
oh all right so for today's sport video
we're going to be doing a live stream in
it on live dot knees so you guys should
download that the links right in the
description and follow us it's going to
be a really fun one can you sneaking
around
show them the apple quick holy we're
almost a two million fans guys let's get
to two millions all I hear is the epic
secret hatch to get on upstairs level
this is second floor giant open up to
the top third floor penthouse roof top
fort
I am in the floor right now I'm just
trying to build up the inside of the
walls because if you watch the last Ford
Friday it's a key to get in the fort or
get out of the aisle as quick as
possible so police don't get suspicious
of you what and stop making so much
sound out there do don't tell me what to
do my wall I just wish because up there
it's open but right here there's no
place to get up make everything so much
easier with what we got guys employee
I think she's restocking
Aaron how's the weather out there it's
bit nippy do you have a way up yes I do
sure so I can climb right in this and I
can get this is the second level and
then there's an entrance to the third
we're going to try to hardest not to get
caught so we're going to build a home
base down here right here block off all
this build up the walls open up this
area a little a hangar right there and
this could be the entrance down here
it'd be the best entries making way for
an entrance right here is it clear let
something fall expand this way as well
okay are you going to the next room
now you have a tunnel entrance so you
come in this way and go that way or you
come this way to the bounty room plus
that's the second level here and keeps
disappearing I don't know where he goes
let me get out on the other side I'm not
sure how much of that Andrew got but I
was in the fort and the employees
started like re stacking and I was just
standing there like hello and she's like
wow you scared me and it was just so
awkward but we're still going to keep
building guys side note if an employee
asks you to leave you guys have to leave
remember to be careful and be kind like
a doctor PCP kind of courteous don't be
like destroying the toilet paper that's
throwing it around like put it back like
nicely like the walls okay let's get
back to building dude the walls are
looking at so nice plus yeah we got
stuff up there now
very good work here
what are you doing what are you doing I
was a close call of employees time for
stealth mode now because I fix this
whole section over here let's get to
work
sir what are you doing oh all right so
here's the fort pretty good and Aaron
and Justin fix the upstairs it's not
Justin is it back to coop
oh good yes guys these type of fortunate
my favor
I like vlog that there's a to story
because much more intense and much more
falafel got upstairs
I just got do some like reorganizing cuz
I only got one wall right here if
someone picks up but go see me I got the
spy cam ready I got the GoPro app come
on let's turn on the GoPro just dude
I got the camera working Andrew ok watch
up here guys
that's so cool we got our own spy or
should we put this out watching
it's like somebody took the toilet paper
one where Andrew was me and I can fix
this quick there
keep yeah
right we're yeah all right guys check
out the second floor all we need is like
a rug and some seats and we got plenty
of space using got like a bed lounge
once we clear that up somebody's right
there
so anything about the fort I think it's
big already it's fun came out nice third
floor yeah y'all doing a lot of work up
there really yeah yeah we got the Aaron
said bat cave over there just cool and
you can't really expand anymore that way
it's way too packed so about it but we
can go up
I haven't been able to move people
searching to the green eggs what I just
said guys I was so close I literally saw
the face of the customer and she was
like looking through the Kleenex I don't
know if she was looking for a certain
style but I was like what you lack
you've got to get out of there
I know we're all marked out here want to
go and get some snakes yes your actual
is first Garrett's going to get on the
pack hello Hey okay let's get out of
here fingers using the spike in think
because we're trying to get out of here
right but it just is blocked by sequel
oh crap Justin making sure injury
squared
make better angles no
don't go home person comes down
secondary exit is clear except to go out
that side this was a way too dangerous
yeah it's clear
come on command okay
oh that's what they really have the
brand we wanted this spy cam is a game
changer guys the new bays are out
what is it what is it they're like sodas
coca-cola is on screen so though there's
no high fructose corn syrups and jury no
sugar
yeah dude without anyone to Ames yeah I
never seen him before getting both I
want to quit I want this okay here's all
the snacks and we gotta go get supplies
for inside the four carpet chairs so we
can relax while we eat this mess it came
to the favorite part of the store for us
the nerf gun section yeah and we're
going to get two of these baby nerf guns
they're only four dollars so we're going
to go buy them have a nerf battle in the
fort we haven't done that yet what shoot
grandma she's just trying to continue to
longer what what no I'm not
all right we got all the supplies in the
fort now I'll tend to go pay for the
snacks and drinks and nerf guns really
thank you so much dude believe you're
watching me yeah have a good day thanks
for watching bro let's get in now this
is the most difficult part all three of
us getting under the second storey not
in one scene can we do it fellas
yes wait I got to get my hand in here
three two one go
oh man okay so once we get in there and
then we'll start the live stream they'll
be nice and chill we hold my busy
hurry I drew we made it guys now will we
get caught or not get in here boy
it took forever to get over here because
employees were having like company-wide
meeting until it to dry
perfect we're right there and go staying
CVS I'm going to grab his bag so I went
to grab it he's gone
oh don't worry they can't see us in here
I just want to have some snacks guys
we're going to go live now on live that
me guys we did this before in another
four video that was really fun activate
go live
yes hey guys hi welcome back to live
streams today sport Friday on our
Channel
why create this piece on top make it
taller that looks terrible
are you feeling relaxed married guys we
said we put you in the vlog so say hi if
you want you can comment on a YouTube
video that that was you yeah tell me you
need to open it you guys we need to open
snacks oh so I give Aaron his care
package and got our dreams and then soon
don't forget open it here okay that's
mine
real good this is the snack we had last
time it's just a good fort snack and
he's good
so these pop out sit down
fix it creative erred but that upper
hand your oldest good Oh Ernie man she's
you know hoping filled out this
educating will stop bubbling
that bud nice okay so some of you guys
have dared us to yell dad Jim yeah phew
that was crazy
did you see them yes they didn't see me
though God
who's cool I would belong to you now the
Yelp about you like Ernest and then a
sentence Oh innocent for just let
everyone on the livestream if we get 200
shares which we're at 1:30 right now
Aaron's going to shout Ernest no don't
ask why we're almost there we got 130 -
we got 200 shares time for air in the DL
it doesn't have to be like insane loud
it be the nice young enough to where
it's funny earn it
stop it sold right there you need a
quiet
you only get down Malcolm Oh even though
you're talking about okay yeah we're
coming down all right well you got to
get out now guys but we're going to take
this stuff and put it back so yeah we
got caught and asked us to leave so no I
just want to make sure you guys know any
time you're doing anything in store and
they ask you to leave
just be respectful yeah yeah because
they're just doing their jobs and as
long as you're being respectful back and
listen that's all that's important don't
make a mess make sure you clean up and
we're going to say that every time
because it's important well I guess
that's the end of the fort yeah it was
so much fun we hope you guys liked it
make sure to leave a like for Friday's
make sure to follow us on live dot me
below to catch more broadcasts we were
live-streaming during that whole thing
so you probably caught the whole
incident on like Laura and it kind of
ended up roughly but that's okay hey
this one and see you guys here next time
goodbye
Erin say bye bye
