well good morning everybody and welcome
back to blogs what's happening what is
that this is a hammer ah and this is a
crowbar
okay if you can't tell they're not real
why is that this was us a steel so oh
well that makes it real them yeah fine
bye yet another fake prank these are
fake prop tools it's a prank I think we
didn't mentioned it to you guys recently
but we're doing a prank with them it's
going to be a funny one
yeah I can't wait going to be great yeah
you guys will see it very soon yeah it's
like a construction worker type rank
it's going to be a blast so working on
that day but side note I am so excited
this package just arrived we have been
waiting for this for a while now
actually and it's finally here and we
want to open it for you guys show you
what it is test it out what is it I'm
already liking the colors and it is a
whoa electric keyboard hey oh that's
what you do with skateboards okay reason
being I'm so excited for this electric
skateboard first of all they have many
many cool features a lot of improved
features let's just get it out so you
guys can actually see it and be in all
the coolness squeeze you need help a
hair it's really in there man
you're much strenuous work we've gotten
it up and Davey you're not going to eat
it but check this out okay this looks
like you're you know average longboard
but it's better wood it's got this cool
grip tape
the wheels are freakin awesome best part
this component right here is it charged
dude look at this it's got lights on the
side so if you want to ride at night I
have not seen a board that has this
aspect to it yet it also even has a
front light right here and I think these
are brake lights I think so
so we'll have to fully check this out
soon but oh this is going to make for
epic summer adventures and today is
actually really nice so we must ride
okay got it on safety what Daisy thinks
of it jiseop what is that but you see
guys it does have the brake light so if
you're when you're stopped cars behind
you know what's going on hey what is up
so Wow ah wall all the board's charted
we have to go film at this place are you
ready yep we're trying to create these
new characters they're like New York
construction workers yeah yeah so we're
from New York my name is Rodney my name
is Vincent and we're both from New York
you know so we're trying to get the
accent down right and I keep throwing in
like UK and Australian either way it's
going to be funny we're going to bring
the leaf blower toolbox here we are
Dunkin Donuts
as we appear to be funny of construction
workers head to doughnuts in the
construction bigs how much of your
coffee I have a good one
sorry I can't get my actions down ha
you're going to Australia have you you
can do it New York thank you because
some words aren't as like yeah they're
both the same and like Americans nothing
there
English accent normal normal no accident
just land talk
just try like the O's and the arse and
the A's guide you we are here now so
these apartments are called the live
west edge here right by UCCS as you can
see the construction site is under way
it should be pretty dope got the stuff
take a look at the dock nuts real quick
no we got how holes in this come on oh
hey perfect Hartman man we haven't in a
while like she done schemes or Andrew
and I both are in the same clip so this
is going to be like a whole new style
right think you guys would really like
it
can we go yeah put that on man let's see
how you look
oh yeah you look like you're on the job
you're working with some teams man yeah
man I got my camo boots on you know we
have Emerson with us now to help us he's
got a nice peak over with the boss here
he's going to bring us upstairs to get
some cool shots and basically we're here
today shooting for the wet edge
apartments that are coming up by UCCS
which is right here so if any of you
students go to this school this
apartment complex is going up soon so
you might want to stay here cuz it's
really nice as you can see there's the
means oh there's a big garage
surround the roof here of the west edge
carpet and boss was actually shown us
around telling us all the cool features
this place has this place has six
bedroom apartments you believe that I've
been saying now let's take a look okay
so down here he said there's going to be
a saltwater pool heated pool yeah right
there what's that again it's like the
workout room steam rooms and this is
going to like a lounge area with like
outdoor TV grills fireplace
yeah well fire Bay look at this view huh
we just want to show you guys that
because we think it's really cool we've
never got to actually like film a video
on a construction site like this before
so it's like a really cool opportunity
and maybe some of you guys would be
interested if you live in Colorado or
potentially moving to Colorado first yes
because you're right here man if we're
going to college here this is definitely
the first place I'd come it's opening up
in August so hey Ren you working hard or
hardly working right we got a bunch of
donuts you if you want to take a quick
break we're gonna be here for months you
know haha yeah hmm I'll be right back
and I'm gonna be right here
a partner Belle sandcastle I want a
bacon egg sandwich that's what I want
Oh what do you want bacon egg sandwich
you know it Oh life oh well you've got
to work on the bench
you got a lot of work to do think we
should get started on the neck take it
the heckman so this will shoot today has
been going so well all I'm not sure and
we've showed you any behind the scenes
yet if we put it in this blog but if you
didn't talk well yeah we're going to
probably do a little bit more exploring
but yeah we still got a bunch more clips
to get been doing a lot of ah
Andrew have you ever been on a
construction site before like this like
oh and the scenes like sneaking around
never this is a first for me first for
you very first I Emerson
Emerson is this your first time what
should we do make some sounds we should
see what's going on in here careful of
the nails though
what's in there okay
this is the staircase do you hear
anything in there sounds like there's
workers dude it was so big they're
saying this building sector 200,000
square foot and then the parking garage
is 200,000 square foot doing the right
area jab hole he's over there go over
here
and work yeah
all the way down is part of the garage
particularly their specific has done
with less than three months I know
Oh
Oh y'all know where our ball is dug down
says all right yeah it's down there oh
not up here ha
have you come this way I didn't come
this way I thought Oh guys it's so weird
being on this property like before it's
built because soon this is going to be
completely built and this is all going
to be parking here there's going to be
grass what we should come back in August
when they're done we can do like that
follow-up yeah it look like
don't mind us work yeah we were here we
work here guys where the donut crew you
guys need donuts just let us know what's
over there okay it's like 80 degrees out
today by the way guys and it's hallway
too this is the biggest hallway can you
guys tell on camera dun dun dun dun dun
quik room to her guys wall bedroom room
at 3:43 so when you can probably get
this oh we're here before
and this is the bathroom if we did a lot
of work on the drywall you yeah
bitching all day why wall Wow guys
whoever gets this room is very happy by
the way can we build a fort here guys
forts oh I found a secret hatch oh whoa
I want to go up there oh yeah
it's a secret drop slide go side notes
all of you guys watching this by the way
do not go into construction sites zones
without pre-approval because that is
illegal
either's so we have approval to be here
and we want you guys to not get in
trouble we want you guys safe yes as
wear helmets it's a big ordeal so you
can watch from here or don't come we
don't wanna get in trouble
Oh garnet I wanted to plank you Oh guys
you barely caught it is this doped
Lamborghini whoa whoa thought you would
enjoy that guy subscribe what do you
have here Andrew
the magic drone yes start her up keV
push and hold the start button this yeah
Andrew just recently got this actually
so excited to add a new aspect to vlogs
more drone footage Amy but we're going
to be riding these around check him out
Aaron's been testing it out what do you
think they're so fast and fun
I like these most of all yeah the one I
have so this is Andrews he just got as
well that's a black one the black tail
and this is the gray tail so epoch
let's see they're all great looks like a
storms coming
Oh got your phone and controller I was
host filming that Aaron just home abit
bit he was driving geez
I'm excited to go on ton of adventures
with these boards once you got your
board to Jerry Tom no beginner mode yeah
so this board so just got then the way
to change the speeds is there's an app
you actually get to download and it
tracks like how far you've traveled how
fast you're going but it's cool because
that's three different modes like
beginner and then the middle mode is
like you're getting a feel of it and
then there's pro mode which is very
speed mode which I think that boards on
not sure yet to take you tonight to that
Mountain juice my sweet trails oh yeah
what's the drone how fast it is good you
know like 17 miles an hour yeah yeah I
already got I already got a trail in my
mind it's by Vail it would just be so
epic in this one time you're back inside
guys I want to show you the coolest part
about this board in this company so they
got an app act on right here you just
open it up and you connect your board
before you ride it so it's right here
and then here's the different modes
there's pro mode normal mode so to
practice you start here and you connect
in it keeps track of your current trip
how long you been riding it because the
batteries I think last like 45 to an
hour 45 minutes to an hour and they have
challenges like leaderboards and you
could ride with your friends there's
ranks and stuff this act on your step
game these are like the coolest boards
like I want to go some nitrides
too since they have lights and brake
lights yeah me too Daisy wants to go as
well I think be prepared for more
electric skateboard adventures very soon
going up to the mountains and stuff I
think you guys really like that but we
also got a 20% off code for you guys if
you want to check the boards out link in
the description I couldn't find any
better codes actually out there this is
probably the best code best discounts
for these boards they hooked it up for
you guys so let us know if you go into
the comments
use the code Jace do at checkout and you
get 20% off it's as simple as that but
got a lot of exciting announcements
coming soon so stay tuned we'll see you
back here tomorrow good back buddy oh
and the prank will be released probably
next week ok
