hey guys welcome back to V logs we're
here in California surprise look who's
here hey guy look why we're here man
it's just going to be a great day first
time experience doing this activity yeah
let's not tell you quite yet but it's a
like 7:00 in the morning right now
almost and where we got the over here so
it's time to go we're all dressed up
what could we be doing we have arrived
at location what could this be
you guys got it yet we've been keeping
you guys guessing on snapchat you've
been following us if not follow to enjoy
the fun but you can actually tell you
what's going on now so cool
is this a good enough hint for you guys
okay guys I just got on they gave me
this jacket to wear for this shoe today
you guys haven't been watching recently
I was been working with DreamWorks
YouTube channel and the new Captain
Underpants movie and so today this
morning is the red carpet premiere of
the movie I literally I can't tell you
how excited I am I've always wanted to
go to a red carpet premiere and at this
premiere me and Izzy the other girl who
I did the videos with if you didn't see
him links in the description she's going
to be here and we have a booth where
we're going to be doing some videos with
like the celebrities like Kevin Hart and
Ed Helms a bunch of the other guys so
yeah just 10 is going to be really fun
vlog behind the scenes just red carpet
we're going to see the movie and guys
this is how big of a deal this is okay
when doesn't I were first dating Jay
asked me have you ever read Captain
Underpants
I was like yeah say that I have he was
like oh my gosh like it was just like
one of those goofs I was like almost
like a make-it-or-break-it deal well he
still said that you date me I'm sure a
bunch of you guys have another pants
when you were younger but like to be to
be going to the first red card come here
and have Captain Underpants
I think that's hilarious so yeah we're
just looking for something to eat real
quick
because it's really early we haven't at
breakfast so let's do it yeah we're
going to be doing some really fun stuff
on the red carpet andrew is going to be
doing some live streaming live streams
over there what on what oh I've got me
so if you haven't downloaded that yet
put in the description
yeah good so exclusive live streams and
live got me it's going to be a good time
but we're trying to find some smoothies
moody bar over here just look at this
whole crew everyone looks so fresh got
the bet no you do man laughs keep it in
true book does that go there pretty much
matching page got the dress marry
so they're getting a whole red carpet
set up this is where we're going to be
filming where the celebs are going to
come and shoot underwear targets it's
going to be classic but how cool is this
huge red carpet all the way over here
and I think all the people are going to
be taking photos right here and then
there's the actual theater it's called
West Wood Village Theatre getting to
make it done now I think we have like
our few hours on you I don't know what a
star exploded there I got all kinds of
different posters I think this is like
the photoshoot interview zone looks like
guys this is like the ultimate dream so
one day if like Andrew and I were on the
red carpet for a movie we were in I have
always you know dream of that as a kid
and now growing up like one day it'll
happen it's exciting to be here and just
the start I'm here with my super
sidekick movie nice jacket by the way
say what guys we're sisters
no we're not just you're not a girl I
know but it's a funny thing to say oh
let's find out Patsy tree can come on
Dan don't fail yes over there look he's
leaving because you know he's mean all
right I'm gonna hit this and treats are
going to shoot out what's happenin
inside already prepared for this that's
like diving fire there's no truths what
they said okay so it's all good Barbara
underscore girl underscore she doesn't
think so thanks again for coming to our
school
you're welcome hey what are you doing
I'm just building that door follow my
musically everybody it's the official
start time ah ha ha ha I guess the
photographers are going to be here
Fox scholastics Sweet Hollywood the
porter variety dream work social yeah we
all got our capes epic but they have
different sizes and I grabbed like the
kids one which is this big
let's see Woodstock and for the mobile
coins on foot I realize well behind the
strings of them showing their intro for
the DreamWorks video
we're playing a better game inside
that's right everyone we're going to be
giving the start of the top three of the
actual underwear as you to be targeted
let's be restarting but the most light
with a little sigh twice so they gave us
a cheer everyone faces that should be on
the right carpet so we know who to look
out for yeah Kevin Hart and Helms there
in the film good weird al' look and all
these guys backside and their friends I
think this thing starts at around 10 so
I got about 20 15 minutes I'd like to
show when you're getting people for you
to hear 500 points hey there
reporting live from Planet basic know
what well yeah thank you so much
wow thank G sorry your co-host is kind
of rude
thanks for joining the livestream guys
like that where the husband here
protected under camp guys blogs you guys
are in the blog right now what is that
that's the whole live dot me are me
right there how many people are in there
right now we got about almost 700 700
people and it's just the beginning
it was the first person we got Kevin
Hart and the rest on the way this is
going to be exciting who are you this is
the Jace to army guys this is gonna be a
fun life City I hope you're just chillin
maybe get some snacks enjoy going yes
ladies are you like burning in the Sun
over here I keep expecting yellows and
cheese
I feel like you're going to get hurt as
you look who is that it's weird how
we're out right here in front of us
a felony and the author man this is
amazing
one or other tape though we've been
having fun with a bunch of the cat some
celebrities by the way here's the
leaderboard Weird Al did the best so far
very impressive he's like what last for
the right sucker right now it was a live
stream special Weird Al and another
people in system three will fight the
out but that's all right Kevin is on his
way
right there are you no way
okay are you guys ready ready 30 seconds
ready daddy's up there come on I believe
in you
way to go man did you see your back man
- perfect Oh Tina oh we got it
Kevin hence Kevin and Hendrix killed it
on the game knock them all down the
movie already started we had to wait and
do the shot with 11 so it's okay for a
little late logical key to get out
soundtrack yes Kevin underpants
soundtrack that's awesome the movie was
awesome what do you think of an answer
yeah it's really plain yeah so if you
guys have ever read the comment book and
it's me even if yeah even if you didn't
read go watch it it's a good one for
exactly if you did in science very good
maybe they'll want us to be the voices
the part - okay but we're very hungry we
haven't had too much today and yeah
we're here on an organic Mexican in
ignition oh yeah both over here
I hope looks like it might give you a
little more luck you're gonna miss
alright and that was it okay good flight
over there didn't know this concludes
today's vlog everybody hope you like it
we're flying back to Colorado right
therefore so be a whole very quick trip
but guess what we got a ton more epic
plans when the works yeah
whoa we were here for a few days we
didn't vlog it but we were doing some
meetings and just mindless yeah so we're
glad to have you guys along thank you
for always supporting us and being here
we appreciate it but yeah we'll see you
back here tomorrow good bye
