hey five what is up guys welcome back to
another vlog ah digit spinners or sorry
phijit spinners haha piggies we found a
new store in our city that has veggies
for sale so we're gonna go buy them I
don't know if they're different than
these ones by the way yeah we saw that
you guys really liked our most reach
recent digit biggie vlog so we wanted to
you know just do much more goofy stuff
of them yeah there's some funny ideas
that we can do but let's go Wow Wow
hobby town USA I've never been in here
but apparently to have vintage Minard
you heard he's spinning before we get
into oh yeah Williams so yeah
apparently they have like tons of just
hobby type stuff Wow remote-controlled
vehicles that's epic in many games by
the way yeah Kamiya car for you xxx go1
age Gundam heavy arms the ultimate
Jacques artifacts activity funky ass but
you guys got them right oh yes god no
let's open it custom design guys this is
poo emojis Oh bunch of Pizza awesome
yeah whoa it's got ceramic bearings
ceramic ball bearings so it's very good
quality just let's peel that
can I try to close it's got the pool oh
jeez like I haven't seen that one around
so they do have rarity a try it out oh
yeah I can already feel the difference
dude we're just adding to our collection
we got the holo I got another custom one
they have a gold one this one is by far
the worst fidget we have
the 7-eleven one yeah dress saying hey
thanks wondering but yeah okay we're at
one of our local stores because we want
to try out the new fidget spinner in the
store and see if we can get it like put
on cool like random things yes
like and subscribe
honey stick huh yeah happy we actually
sold out of them
what yeah I know 400 500 on order we can
take we can order but I have a store
right now it's okay I know where yeah
yeah oh oh come on please
another rare spot searching wanna be a
part of our professional figures
now that seriously this guy does need to
get a new suitcase yeah because we're
traveling soon for a cool thing cool
event and I need a trouble on suitcase
so this might work are you doing did you
break it no because if you drop it the
middle piece has to be in the middle
okay well check this could be a spin
zone oh yeah I hear you you
well try yours get down oh okay ready
Andrew ah what are you doing oh nothing
I was doing get up and listen man yeah
just pass some time in traffic no big
deal now try shifting back in storage
that was the plan
guys we have a lot of fan mail to do as
well there's more than reason I know but
anyways grab that we got a powerful leaf
roller this was the most powerful one we
found at the store 530 cubic feet per
minute it's pretty impressive right yep
do basement here is the fidgets
collection so far in order of worse to
best you are raising this horse than
that one okay so these are just tied at
the bottom okay okay and then these two
so basically the same just different
colors then this one with the ceramic
ball bearings and then the all-metal day
I want to get like one that has to kind
of pair to poo emoji bring it over
ginger came up with a good idea using
the clamp yeah
now we don't slip in the single flying
in her talker hand or something here
comes the speed test and fire
whoa
oh how fast was I going by the way I
don't know
you ready yeah this is not impressive
but she trimmed my beard off non-metal
we're going to see if this can break
something leave this old vlog camera but
it doesn't work so we're going to attack
the screen okay bring in the camera oh
come on why you got to go clunk not slam
it oh man I don't think the leaf broke
since this is heavier you need something
more powerful
yeah leaf blower just has not the
fastest air to take these bearings out
it makes it lighter
maybe therefore making it faster
extremely light so do that it was been
expending a lot faster really yes
but it's so light it's not going to
damage it Oh didn't hurt man I think
people are mine doing like insane throws
and catches but I can't do that yet
that's why we're practicing I keep
hurting my finger though are you a
little beep up see
how many fizzy's can you spin on all
your fingers any assistance
I know help I guess so whoa time for
four okay ready Gold is falling ah ha ha
for beat that guys possible design hey 5
beats I boy I never get both hands but
we don't have that money yeah someday
alright and your spin the sandwich oh
it's awesome
we do yeah you kind of did it oh man
who's ready for a sweet frigid spinner
mod our first mod hap you know how they
have those like dorky hats with the
propellers on this is the mo modern cool
mod with the fidgets spinner attachment
clickbait huh
I'm a spinner itself right here nice
no attach I'm just going to let dry for
a sec well back off bro dude just like
the whole hat setup is just like
hilarious not clickbait is better get it
spinning and go co-wife nations well
first of all i want to explain what mate
i think its clickbait if the title has
and thumb to have nothing to do with the
video right but midget spinners are I
guess click because everyone will click
them you see what I'm saying yeah I'm
sure you say but for anyone that else
that makes YouTube content in general
like you're trying to make a title and a
thumbnail that people want to click if
you want to call it click of 8 whatever
but you want people to watch your videos
so are you impressed I'm so impressed
Oh fell off now it's broken I got a
glute again but I'm I'm man was it
pretty cool though like you actively
worked if we weren't married would you
want to date definitely yes but we have
to fix our design it fell off oh crap
okay make sure this holds guys yeah you
got put a lot of glue in that guy let it
be and it'll be fine it's working oh
you've got to be huge yeah some of you
but yes and we got to put a few on the
front too that is so rad
who's your making music video and every
one of the videos were in Sydney nan
clickbait hats I love it there's a
little viewable for our next mod we're
going to attach my
what hi I guess that's the end of the
vlog yeah yeah this was a fun one the
store adventures and hope you guys
enjoyed the mods and the leafblower do
you guys have any of these if so leave a
comment let us know can you do any cool
tricks
if so teach us how yeah I can't do any
but yes we have some more custom fizzy's
in the mail don't worry
and they're even cooler than these and
we're saying that to be the truth bye
everyone
people we're flat out oh yeah go ahead
we're flying out to California so a
really fun event is coming you won't
want to miss it so please come back
watch the next vlog it's going to be
dope we promise why alright
