yo what's up guys welcome back to the
vlog a everyone who's excited for this
first time ever on this channel
we're finally jumping on the bandwagon
the Fidji spinners by the way they're
called fidget spinners but we are
calling them fij ease so if you guys
want to jump on that train with us yeah
I mean it's a cool nickname so that
fidget spinner just call it a Fidji
maybe I'll check out my feet
custom it just came oh we have not
opened this guy yet comes with his own
bag what gold plated with an extra man
gift to put the bearing in or is it it
should be good to go
whoa dude that feels smooth really I've
only held one Fidji in my life holy cow
what is it good now wonder why people
are loving these I just walk around like
this bit just you look cool you just
have one and then it looks like actual
gold yeah it feels really heavy I mean
you should supposed to do it like one
hand right I guess but I can so this is
your first time you got to be patient
so for this vlog we want to do some
goofy things with the Fidji and just
have some fun we know we've been seeing
a ton of youtubers buying these and just
showing them off because they're
actually pretty cool to customize
there's so many different customized
ones so I think the first thing we
should do is some cool trampoline tricks
with the Fidji yeah I always go outside
let's go Beaufort no you know how a lot
of the fidgets spinners are like kind of
curves around there yeah this one has
like kind of a point so I know if you
did a high-speed attack on something it
probably oh yeah cuz we have a leaf
blower how even that hurt you jerk dude
it looks so cool in the Sun though it's
like if you get the right angle it's
like super shiny
okay we haven't tried any tricks yet so
do check this out it's just rare it's
pure gold that's because it's rare this
is called the Fidji flip what yeah are
you kidding me you I'm trying to do some
cool throws and catches yeah oh cool on
camera
Wow now watch this lynx-o what you're
supposed to spin it and then bounce it
up and catch it
my whole thing about aha
oh how do you catch it keep it spinning
we should do a midget spinner prank man
oh yeah check out my piggy say that
let's check out this I can do the fidget
dunk
what that's good high speed going ready
yeah
all right here we go a breena's into the
ballgame for the Thunder oh yeah
Westbrook rock back feet the Fidji
backhand backward what yep good have you
guys been noticing we're really good at
tricks then other videos yeah all the
others channels out there don't got
nothing
I need a lot of practice in order to
throw it up in what you did it what how
did that happen all right let me try
how'd you do that
yeah yeah just barely I just barely
threw it - oh it was on a second yeah
Wow yep this is one of the many spots
liking the format
man
like and subscribe guys imagine if you
saw a man doing that just like in the
park oh yeah he just lay on the ground
the feejee on his nose come on you have
to get it yeah mess
what now okay oh damn it I was gonna try
and chuck it onto my finger well I can
get all trying another trick balance it
on this guy
what remasters yeah I think we've become
pros thank you oh whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa guys in the comments let us
know some 20 or fun things we can do
with fidget spinner
how many youtubers are doing like funny
stuff with them so we want some random
ideas but the most popular thing is just
seeing how fast you can get it to spin
Oh
which is I mean we'll use a leaf blower
that's funny
yeah leave a like for picking up the
vlog here in the mall because we hear
that there is a kiosk that sells pigeon
spinners but we will find I think I
scoot down stairs really they really
thought that's so cool I didn't like I
was hoping to we're not dating sold them
only ordering them online it's not
back then you can't play with them and
I'll wait for her to get here yeah yeah
you need to go to that construction
guide like a man shake this sound thinks
it's gonna help you oh yes there it is
the sygyt kiosk you show them ours and
see she's really impressed yeah art
started photography like shares I did
some little kicking up the turf by this
guy ah yes yeah I like this one
try that one em yeah yeah
oh how that that's nice ooh Batman
they gonna dart down all right we each
got a new one
who wants to see them me we chose
different colors check it out I got the
dope red one I got a green one it's
pretty sweet
we need to open these up though oh yes
so still opera's is walking
the guy was staying was there at
7-eleven - maybe yeah before have you
got a 7-eleven Edition but we just
learned another store and they literally
have the exact same one so I'm wondering
it's like do they buy from the same
manufacturer
yeah possibly I mean different styles
for obably what do we got here of the
digits sandwich oh yeah crash there and
I just insert this digi
I just been our lodged in her throat and
the story love because you couldn't even
Heimlich it out so you had to have
emergency surgery to remove it and my
first question was why was a business
center and my mouth apparently she was
loving it like in her mouth and her mom
was driving and you know that's all
breaks and she accidentally swallowed it
something that a lot of parents need to
know because everywhere I go did their
plan with these sinners you got to know
do not let the foot in their mouth yeah
yeah guys don't put magnets in your
mouth but no random you're just
listening to the radio on it's like
Reggie spinner wart
all right over at 7-eleven let's just
see if they have that please
hello that's the different nice where
you've been selling a lot of these
people yeah okay yeah I think I'm going
to get a 7-eleven Pidgey so we can
compare all the variations
this one's metallic though metallic blue
so who's ready for 7-eleven one huh whoa
they forget them all spinning at once
ready Wow
which one's the back it just looks so
cool right but 7-eleven is died already
so I mean we have a clear winner here
guys
that was the Amazon purchase he's still
going fast that's clearly the best and
guess what that one is the coolest
looking one the metal ones just spin
better than the plastic ones I mean it's
a given yeah yeah I got a pure gold one
cost me a few brand relic boom one the
cg chain reaction okay I can't wait wait
yeah
huh can you do something cool please I
was hoping it'd be like yeah just hurry
who remembers beyblades me
I wonder if beyblades are going to make
a comeback now that fidget spinners are
so popular probably I suppose and I
guess that's the end of the vlog thank
you so much for watching and liking the
video right oh yeah who always
appreciate that and yeah we want to do
some more things with these since
there's no patent are nowadays but we
also have a fun plan coming up this
weekend oh yeah and that's all the
updates yes but I'll see you guys here
tomorrow tomorrow is for Friday if you
didn't forget I'll begin because then
we'll be in a Ford adios amigos
