hey guys won't flip the creek hey guys
welcome back to vlogs we got another fun
vlog for you today it is beautiful out
here in Palm Springs and I'm starting
the day off here with some fresh water
this water is so good it's like lemony
and then they got this
I think that's basil watermelon lemonade
and they give us these water bottles
here Claire makan so I'm taking
advantage of the free water flavored
waters here so this Resort is pretty big
that we're staying at and today is going
to be I think pretty entertaining for
you guys because we'll go into a
trampoline park tonight and I'm sure
there's going to be a bunch more
activities that are happening but first
we're going to kick it by the pool over
here I think it's like 80 degrees oh
yeah
stay sunscreened up kids thanks you got
your Andrew well I was blowing this up
with my mouth like usual but she said
they have a machine that does this oh
yeah we've literally been thinking there
has to be a machine you know for this
plug type whatever it is we want it yeah
because these bounce houses you keep
blowing up day forever big piece of
bacon
I don't a little bacon and bed back to
the room to changed out of these and go
to the trampoline park or I can wear
these to the trampoline parks yeah
what's happening now Elmo you're not
gonna believe this why a trampoline park
whoa they set one up we actually
attended this trampoline park before as
well yeah yeah another one not this
exact location but the brand it's called
get air I was one of our favorites I do
believe I know dude it's going to be fun
hopefully not too many people here so we
can have more fun
but either way let's go guys check out
Johnny a new watch what time is it my
life anyway they're gonna watch the time
for you to get one of these watches
gorgeous bracelet I think yeah we just
oh boy it's got Peter the turtle I know
this is a bunny you try next um all the
old hidden features down
somebody help me I'm stuck in here
hahahaha all right
is that Johnny who said all that Oh dad
yes yeah err Tripoli Park who remembers
our first time here me Oh echoes and a
taco shop thank you Frank yes okay taco
bar oh yeah oh my goodness guys
seriously every time I come to a
trampoline park
I feel like a kid again and we're eating
before we go this is a great idea I
think and the budget
nice event and there's walk over here
they said so get some food real quick
and then bounce off got our epic socks
on the grips
about time to go in also they're giving
away these free hat yeah nice try oh I
thought you okay take your time
crying and guess what it's Keith's first
time at a trampoline park yeah I know
very important news as well what my
employer views here
we must jump with him but I'm feeling
that he's leaving now
shoes you how will you hit this
opportunity really should say hi to Ryan
hi Ryan
yeah Bret
yeah this park is like super legit they
got a few foam pits a warrior play
dodgeball zone a climbing zone over
there that's going to be a fun vlog guys
hello your first time how does it feel
right do it again yeah
my ankle is still like pretty sore from
the last trampoline park fail it's still
a little swollen as well so he can't
like jump very high but so fun
whoo-hoo the ladder of death the shake
is ready you will not be shaken all
right Keith let's see your first front
flip practice round
yeah you got it man oh are you okay
dangerous doing a trick he did it we are
doing an epic relay we do this every
time when you guys come to the
trampoline park you got to do relay
races with your friends so we run across
the whole pit touch the back wall and
then come back yeah
what do you guys want we want to remap
you wanna sleep all swole fine nah that
raises tired so it's fun though now it's
time to do the ninja course holy cow
this looks awesome thing actually kind
of hard go here foam mummy it's easier
than the other
oh yeah definitely
whoa who's it gonna be okay
whoa good job fellas
good job Tiki is destroying hybrids bro
come on there's one more challenge mode
in the corner over there are you
prepared
I don't know what our this thing is
italicum cameras are having fun what is
left
I'm just going to jump on it to happen
whoa okay
I think I got some sort of surfboard
what do you do in a dog crate now Johnny
I don't know I'm not really impressed
with this device dodge ball
we're ready to lose
we're gonna win that's what's going to
happen I'm throwing hard at you I'm
gonna hit you so hard in the face you
bleed oh we didn't say play but they
just started going ham good grief
we also here have to go touch grab ball
and fire at will you're going hand on
the dumpster
one birth one now the snow down oh my
girl
hammer dance whatever Chevy
but up top that verse you think you can
beat him though you really wouldn't I'm
ready to burst you set go well he
already got in the lava
what are you doing Andrew what happened
you beat Andrew oh my what do you want
to say to the audience anything you just
said you suck what oh that's Rd ultimate
dance
oh my goodness first person flip oh
cripes Wow got this trick ready yep
you the heck was that
I want to be a wall stand back hey guys
they live in Colorado too by the way oh
but then you have to check out their
channel what's your channel guys the
Dale tribe Dale tribes okay we're all
going to probably hanging out with them
sometime seriously let me Colorado them
go be my half of that and go subscribe
to them a family-friendly vlog you know
it how yeah
Oh what's a hack why are you so dumb for
toddlers target acquired
wrong
I don't have my phone I don't know what
time it is but I feel like we've been
here a while
what's your guess like what time or how
are we busy Simon we got here like it
seven yeah I'm guessing it's probably
8:45 I mean what really my guess work
the clock what time is it by the way 922
in a while like almost two and a half
hours of jumping
to get higher with Wow okay see how high
your gay Wow okay guys that's all for
sympathy neither lime it's time to go
back home now because it's late you have
a fun time it's timeless yeah I just
wish I could John my ankle music you lay
back down sir yeah we're on for 40 did
you have fun longest I jumped for the
wine I got I usually would get like an
hour pass another white like three hours
at home 300 psi Mary Jo they always find
out when we go over to you guys we got a
contract lien partners all rock long
time get out of hand fund load
well guys it's time for bed now we fly
back home tomorrow actually not in the
morning we have a late or not late
flight but evening flight so and like we
said this is just a quick little trip
then we'll be back home but today was
really fun hope you guys enjoyed another
trampoline video you guys a lot of you
guys actually comment in saying you
liked our trampoline videos are your
favorite so hopefully were able to
provide you guys some entertainment but
with that being said I hope you all are
doing well have a great rest of your
night day we'll see you back here
tomorrow good
