well howdy everybody welcome back to
more Jase do got a special guest with us
today my wife how you feeling my good
guys
she is like 28 weeks pregnant is that
like this week or all right let's see
the belly at this angle it's crazy like
there is a human inside here our
daughter
way yeah you can like see like the foot
or the hand or whatever house sounds
like so little and feigned just kept
going
so that's so crazy because guys I've
gotten to feel her moving and Britney
stomach and that's just being almost
parent is just the craziest thought and
I'm just so excited to bring you guys
along this journey with us today we
wanted to just do a little family life
update with me and Brittany we wanted to
update you on the baby she's doing well
Brittany's doing well handling the
pregnancy like a champ and we wanted to
show you the dough it's kind of some
part of it we wanted to show you guys
the baby room we have got it almost set
up so Brittany lead the way we just got
this the other day - I know
and Andrew
cuz Andrew helped undo it but he wasn't
here to fit it in this room as well but
like we've sewn you to put like you know
in the blankies and stuff there this is
probably crazy for some of you guys to
to just watch us doing this but Bernie
found this little bed on the line and
the reason why we liked it so much is
because this bed goes like lowers you
can take off the front gate - like so
once she gets older good it's still a
bed
for when she's older like diaper
changing table ride by bed
win drawers for diapers cleaning wipes I
can't believe gonna be changing a person
we got this
that's Brittany's baby teddy bear and
she was a baby not really but you can
bet that works
cute drawers Daisy's here got the
laundry basket
these cute curtains to be done but but
still this is gonna be her room soon
watching a few months you guys will see
her here we got the baby seat this is a
bath tub oh yeah I not see it it's kind
of a seed but and then our friends have
blessed us with a ton of clothes yeah
and yeah it's like honestly telling
people have blessed us with the things
we're very grateful and in the coming
weeks we're gonna have a baby shower
party so we'll take you guys along with
that as well but right now guys Brittany
and I are going on a nice little date
together we got a gift card to Bonefish
Grill so let's go get some food
guys look at this view Pikes Peak sunset
Colorado is so beautiful anyways here we
are Bonefish Grill get some delicious
food so since we got a gift card we're
getting some extras we got to start
these what are these Oh
pot stickers I don't know why but I'm
really starting to love these things
more and more we got like Wagyu beef in
there I'm probably saying it wrong but
oh well yes as I'm going adventurous on
this one I got the sea scallops it's
like a Thai coconut milk dish classic
steak for bread dinner was delicious so
I got like I said the scallops and I was
telling Brittany I don't know what the
big deal on certain seafoods are like
those scallops literally are just little
sea blobs they don't taste like much
they take the textures like jello I'm
like I would never be like I'm desperate
for sea blobs I would never be desperate
for jello neither jealous but yeah it
was still good I'm just saying how was
your steak I loved mine I'm pretty sure
that I had like a box of spinach and
like behind dish but it was like I got
like what I was craving and it was
awesome
so now we are going to look around
because we have to finish decorating our
daughter's room and some of you're
probably wondering what her name is
well we know it and coming soon not
quite yet and we also have another gift
card to another place so let's go see
what we can find
so we got a gift card here at kirklands
it's like artsy craftsy really
aesthetically pleasing to the eyes type
of store so I'm sure
the only spitting stuff like that it's a
really cool painting I love this they
have a lot of local stuff in this store
what now are in Brits favorite area the
flower market I bet our daughter is
gonna be just like Brittany Brittany's
all about the flowers and garden maybe
like show I'll include her so much in it
it should be like she says I don't like
so for her room we're going to for a a
teal and blush pink color tone because
then with those two colors you can add
like gray white like the would you know
complement Earl also we're just kind of
getting a feel for all
Brittany and I haven't obviously done
any baby clothes shopping yet so we're
not sure which stores are the best or
any of that so we're gonna have just
checking out the different stores
Carter's this got baby clothes Britt
while you're working in the garden you
can have her have a cute hat q but for
real I can't wait to dress I feel like
I'm gonna put some funny outfits on her
and like do funny hair it's gonna be
just so much fun like trying things out
because she she won't have a say if it's
for Lalo it Sergi just her down the road
man I could wear this hat smile every
day I like it
it matches what you're wearing here
let's see if I can elastic well that
there's a shocker does he
you just got back to the house and got
some snacks
aka desert snacks this is our kind of
night got a summer berry kombucha is
this a ginger turmeric kombucha and this
ice cream is so good chocolate cookies
and cream cashew milk justin is very
willing to support my pregnancy cravings
hey I crave this just got some flax milk
as well it's a good night what do you
have to say that everybody Davey are you
ready to have a sister are you ready to
have a sister dee dee
well everybody this is the end of the
vlog like we mentioned earlier stay
tuned because there's gonna be lots of
family updates and baby updates
lots of vlogs coming your way with
Brittany and I yeah any final words from
you Brit thanks for watching and follow
us on Instagram especially Brittany
she's gonna be doing a lot of creative
stuff with involving the baby stuff and
both of us as well so those are our
Instagram names but yeah well guys we
just appreciate your support and thanks
for hanging out with us we'll see you
back here tomorrow
you
