good morning everybody it's bright out
here it's very bright it's actually kind
of cloudy this morning but what we're
here for another fun vlog and we're
heading to clamour con yeah yo we're
staying at a hotel we're leaving this
place yeah so we have to say bye to this
fun house here just like this is a vlog
this is just the vlog what you guys say
okay so basically I say is um oh you
know the pieces fall but they fall into
place I said this before I'm sure
no you you've been the quote you've got
some good cool I'm like a fortune cookie
right all right the fortune cookie let's
load up guys get in the crowd you swim I
get the car with you guys away like it
more places to do this fresh watermelon
fresh lemon
good very good
yeah I mix them in so I'm going to mix
up all mixtures ha ha crappy Hotel where
the venues at and guys Mary's here now
she just finished up school no more
school at her last final graduation is
on Friday so super excited yeah let's
take is golf cart removes you know I
agree yeah this he's on the mat don't
evil eye huh okay writing with under
this is a joshua dog volume on instagram
thunder does the puppy son did that he's
be cute Buford I said now he's also
sitting on my foot that's my dog skill
it's time for a quick hotel room tour
ready
the bathroom is pretty nice where's
light yep not bad for a bathroom and my
favorite part this robe which I will be
wearing later looks comfy who's ready
for a super fun vlog yeah you me guys
yes
escape the room by the way a fan if you
guys number 404 % ly what oh man we can
do that any of you guys got any weavers
all right perfect I going up you a we
found you oh yeah oh I love these games
are so fun we'll be locked up in your
locker
great guys I know I was thinking maybe
we could film but the answer is no so
this won't be as fun as I thought it was
great I will but that just means you got
to go doing yourself for the area I come
to escape remembering check this out
guys yeah I can't hurt you John
cuz I what I know how to do work okay I
do this one now really yeah out here but
we would be able to come on so we can do
limited time you can get a video in the
rooms but I'm going to ask you to keep
it all in one corner of the room because
we've published some pictures of the
rooms and I just don't want we have to
be careful about what gets in public all
right we got flashlights wow you're a DJ
we're good yes don't show them no we
made a breathalyzer i'm keiko yes okay
another thing of our trying to take a
parching public great oh happy picnic
iPhone yeah
donate to the room the way you get a
blank check
good how many flashlights should we have
this the important three oh no I think
I'm gonna plaster add there is we've got
60 minutes next year at 19 I have to
move 34 minutes left how are we going
like they would on me game that think
we're never to get out of here how long
do we have like 15 minutes
it's scared teams down we finished with
nine minutes left
oh we get to take a picture with all
these cool needs oh yeah all the girls
are in the other ones you leave behind
you got killed like nowadays but like
they're like Barry White
Kevin Kevin Kevin see ya yeah this place
was awesome they have like a total four
rooms in there too so I'm do one I do it
yeah I got like two other ones yeah yeah
I want a victory souvenir
they look much a difficult these are for
Baker's only winners only as yogi
I got I own part a for the wife time for
some food for a man go to native foods
cafe world's greatest vegetarian
restaurant all right guys I'm so excited
for this meal
oops forgot to film it but we're going
to get a dessert
yeah well I'll be in some dessert over
here look at that peanut butter parfait
delicious
Oh
excited right first time I came out it
was like February old okay folks it is
about we are like an hour away you freak
you're going to play something on the
car ride anyways we're about to register
for this we're not ready yeah get our
badges registration and then we got the
opening ceremony for this event tonight
7:00 like our way okay so right away we
get this really nice drawstring bag
made multiple bags so this is dick yeah
three water bottles these are cool
they're glass and apparently it is it
like spiralizer so you put like a
cucumber in it like these ones over here
oh they don't have anymore nevermind oh
sure yeah I'm getting it pink daddy guys
eat insects
it stays our plan again oh my grab some
more flavors you know get some chili
lime yeah what when they get center now
grab whatever yeah literally
look these are posted I want to get
those cool toys oh yeah is that menu
lunchbox
Oh get my bag open now I need to get
little minions been helpful had four
games in da give away session so there's
one I think
cubes will try these out might be fun
this property is so huge that it's
pretty much necessary to take these golf
carts everywhere oh yeah wait if you
think you get yourself yeah what do you
know where is the driver you say he's
picking someone up you think it's go
stick okay
can we do what this guys doing morning
don't do this this guys ready to go
ready guys
he was so fabulous no now this is epic
your first sized bunnies those things
are huge literally a rabbit yes
Buford we could get one of those for a
pet I do yeah I'm okay with that
I wonder how they did a moveable if you
saw that in the wild would you do any
good oh yeah I try to catch it I think
I'd be a bunny dude look he's going
around
Oh Thunder Paul is is warm yeah
now this is a good seat guys yeah run
around then and then and then that vlog
Dennis says he got a br set up in his
room we'll check it out maybe tomorrow
back to the rooms oh there's the gym
though I greased up their dream
you know it's time for some crazy action
prove it it's easier said than done
who's going to win open it up bud yeah
man this is gonna be me
oh honey this guy be careful okay or by
making wise side bets on others and be
the first player to collect five cards
take the task card and read the out loud
which is this or this hack it was a task
okay here I go take that and read what
to see what your thing is my know-how is
twisty tongue bet how many times you can
say the tongue twister in 40 seconds
without messing up alley sells seashells
by the seashore I have to say this
tongue twister in 40 seconds I'll just
say it 11 times and I bet he could it so
let's go Sally sells seashells by the
seashore Sally sells seashells by the
seashore now he's so seashells by the
seashore
right I did it obviously and now he got
the card he gets the point enough my
turn but this isn't a sponsored by the
way many times you can make the ball
bounce after tossing it underhanded once
what I think I can make it do six six
bounces we approve it
ah you lose my my point fine
I won five cards so that means I win we
also did play two player it's a four
player game usually yeah but I mean
these two are asleep yeah I'm not a bad
game this is a fun party game guys now
you can play it with your friends also
it's time for bed I thought yeah what
time is it it's 9:00 well if tomorrow is
actually the first like full day of
climbing phone well we were just at
like the Hangout path food and welcome
yeah say hi there's some friends and
stuff but anyways what justin is trying
to say is this is the end of the vlog I
think we're going to say the easy one
but he was trying but he didn't know how
he didn't want to break it your mom's
going to be cool we're going there's
going to be something involved with the
tramping into Vince mmm
so come back tomorrow huh yeah if you
give much yesterday's blog go watch that
thanks for watching bye bye everyone
