went to Hobby Lobby for cupcakes back
soon your husband so so nice of you to
write that for your wife thank you oh
look at Ross guys hey we're on our way
to film a new prank kind of its sequel
to something we did a long time ago
but it's going to be fun Hobby Lobby
yeah
many many supplies who remembers our
billing take on people it's pretty funny
but it's actually a while ago during a
battery yeah so we want to make it
sequel as called filling a cupcake on
people so it's like champagne but little
cakes
I'm hobby lobby's the only store that
has that we know of like fake food items
yeah so they're searching okay so here's
the fake food I feel like it would be in
this section because it's got like the
bread
I got bagels eggs two eggs would be
funny whoa hey guys four jugs I can't
find the cupcakes here so we're calling
the other hobby lobby's other one didn't
have it one more option hi I was just
wanting to see if you guys had any of
the fake food it's cupcakes in stock so
it looks like we can't really do
cupcakes today what happy that it
doesn't even like have them anymore
yeah we're going to order them online
they just got rid of them
I was rude but we did get yeggs these
will be really funny I think I would
freak out of eggs were flying right yeah
because you don't want he's a splat all
over you so we got brown and white eggs
who's ready to go point these
ma'am did you order the egg bundle all
oh my eggs
no sure this will be funny I know it is
literally look like egg it's so awesome
sorry ping-pong balls like yeah we each
bought like two packs because we don't
know if the ground will dent them up
right so so they probably will but
that's okay turning the mic on so we
have audio for pranks we have forgotten
to turn those on before it's been the
worst another problem is it's starting
to rain outside so that's wonderful
oh no all right inside
okay go I just jumped all those stairs
by the way college I just love college I
didn't do that
uh-huh we just got a really funny club
with some girls screaming so we're
watching it back the staredown lunchtime
so we need some grub Chipotle is my life
huh
I'm almost done we just switched mics
and Andrews going to get some clips but
this is like seriously the most simple
easy prank
we love drinks like this just some fake
food pretending to spilled on people a
class
here
I am setup Andrews going to get the girl
by the window should be a good one but
yeah this is just how we do it when we
go up ranking we take turn I'll find a
spot that has a good angle and then go
get them real quick
we're just finish up to get a good clip
yeah that person's window is open I can
see them in their bed so it's time to
egg them coop please figure that breaks
up blue ready
my turn alike hit the screen yeah Oh
it's America
man come on Airmen games
I know we saw him just up there but it
was a good effort guess what it's a new
day and we just uploaded the print video
how'd it come out do you think I think
it's really funny I mean just you guys
know about those simple goofy ideas so
go check it out leave a like you'll be
more back type of right no I want to
give you guys an idea you could try at
your own house so here it is go in your
fridge and pull out your eggs and maybe
mom bought maybe dad bought and these
are real eggs it has to be just you in
the middle night or whenever take the
real eggs put them somewhere else back
in the fridge but then replace these
eggs with a fake eggs from Hobby Lobby
and then in the morning when mom is
getting ready to cook breakfast she'll
be trying to crack nice fake Hey but
yeah make sure maybe do it like at
nighttime because yeah the fridge and
they're cold
oh good nothing ah so give an example
look mom would be like in the morning
yeah
wonderful day in fact is not working
that dick that's probably exactly what
will happen if mom or dad finds some big
eggs I don't know if they'll know the
prank will just be very confusing here's
another one mom's in the kitchen grab
one of your fake eggs then hey mom catch
the sake oh yeah get up don't you have
to be grab multiples big oh come on
there's lots of fun pranks you guys can
do on your parents we'll take eggs today
is May 4th which is Star Wars day
because may the 4th be with you we're
going to go to the game store why Star
Wars destiny we like that game and they
have a new like expansion pretty much
for the game that just came out and did
you say they're not making them ever
again or something like that yeah I
think the first ones they made they're
going to stop making them eventually so
we got to go get our hands on some new
packs and if you guys want them you
should probably order them soon we'll
leave a link in the description
there we are probably one of our
favorite game stores in our city that oh
yes
um just maybe an hour to ago what an
hour to ago we call it the right time
you oh my gosh I guess we should just
buy all them huh it's fun to check out
any new games they have as well I feel
like every time I come here or come to a
game so they have so many new games so
yeah I come in and seeing the same stuff
that often played this for the first
time the other day in Dominion that was
really fun
lucky they're selling like hotcakes
already yeah I can't waste too much time
we were guilty led by a whole box and
just brought by octagon she suggested
this game apparently is fairly new even
more fun games if you guys could create
a board game what would it be about
yeah and what was the gameplay be like
I'll get four packs oh I'll get four
packs how much did you say that boxes
about 116 dollars after that interested
all perfect you need a best unboxing
alright going you know which ones are
rares I don't know they color like the
purple is like this super rare shad die
of swords Yoda is there awesome oh I
love to call are the artworks I'll get
that
yes oh there's a hero I don't know if
it's rare though but it's cool so you
guys know the green cards means they're
rare green in that corner there whereas
if they're purple they're legendary
legendary goods are the hard ones to
find well this is rare so that's a big
plus all you got a super cool one this
is another rare Darth Vader that one's
cooler than my character what looks so
cool it's rare like a little squid band
you're ready these are so cool
like the designs like at the old
villains flash line and you're hoping
for a legendary legendary on buying a
box Boba Fett man oh I do course you
need Duke
yeah if you got his first legendary
science I am so mad at you yeah actually
happens to well this has been an
in-store unboxing thank you see you
around
we're both pretty busy this evening but
since today is Star Wars day they're
having like Star Wars game night where
everyone's probably gonna be playing
destiny and buying them out the wazoo
we saw they'd bought like probably 15
Star Wars destiny boxes it's gonna be so
fun lucky see
bye guys one more quick stop before
going home
Best Buy
okay guys Brittany and I just made some
dinner we got some salmon here but
insanely exciting news
you guys remember how I recently was
traveling a bit me and Brittany because
I was working with DreamWorks TV and the
Captain Underpants movie is coming up
soon well guess what the pranks are
finally happy so if you haven't yet
definitely go check them out there's two
of them and they just upload I'm so
excited for you guys to see this we did
a prank on two classrooms two middle
schools and I got to dress up as like a
substitute teacher and put prank these
classrooms I haven't seen him yet so
we're just about to watch it but I had
to vlog this this is like a big moment
for me
I'm so happy okay to watch it but I'm
excited for you yet because she was she
was there to see it and you guys haven't
got to see anything I just love acting
and pranks and just getting to work with
DreamWorks TV like holy cow okay I'm
gonna put the camera away and watch it
but just had to do this side note you
guys go check it out links are in the
description there's two of them go watch
em both and comment comment on them like
something to do with more Jace do or
something like that you guys know what
to do
alright anyways I'm rambling I'm going
to show you guys a little tour of my
office space that I kind of reorganized
and read it in my house so take a look
here we have Buford on the fold-out
couch futon area and I put up this some
plaques and some fan art I want to get
this whole wall filled with some
pictures I have a few right here to put
up over here we've got the table to
color out a flag the rares and then this
part I just put up today and I really
like it I've got some holders for some
bags so this is my old drone and a
camera bag skateboards and then also the
shelf for like cameras lenses and some
equipment and
picture oh it's just awesome now I
really want to use this space till I do
Moore's sit-down bids maybe so many
gaming videos it'd be fun to have just a
set up here for a gaming it's just going
to be a blast and edit down here I love
it at Best Buy
so at Best Buy this was like very
important the Mavic drone man a lot like
Star Wars destiny this thing has been
sold out really everywhere I was like in
New York I went around trying to find
one in our city couldn't find any
they're all sold out online but finally
when I got one as you guys know Mary and
I are going to Rwanda in June and I
really want to fly a drone the only
problem is this one is really hard to
travel with and this one is really easy
to travel with it just folds up even
this like box is almost smaller than the
other drone so this is going to be so
much fun to fly around in Rwanda and the
notes going to get some epic shots so
I'm really excited to bring this boy on
some travel adventures I got this game I
don't have the console yet but I just
got the game tomorrow is Mary's birthday
and if you can remember one year ago I
was driving around town getting a Zelda
game for her birthday last year so I
just thought it'd be fitting to get this
is it the new Zelda game for her
birthday this year still waiting to get
the console does this like everything
else here is just sold out everywhere I
am really excited to play these new
destiny cards they look so fun let us
know if you guys play Stowers destiny
and if you don't you should at least try
it out maybe because it's pretty fun but
I think that's it for today's vlog
thanks for watching I'm just really
excited because summer is right around
the corner and we have all these ideas
that are just going to make vlog so much
fun minute it's gonna be the greatest
have a great rest of your day
and actually we are all going to be in
California next week more details about
that soon but that's it take care guys
