hey guys welcome back to vlogs we have
another epic vlog for you today
Andrew we asked you guys for five likes
on her last four video if you wanted to
see a sleepover and that says 14,000 so
a little more than what we expected so
tonight we're having a sleepover it's
not just me and Andrew though we brought
some friends we got Mary Brittany Nick
and Caleb because if you're gonna have a
fourth sleepover you guys should know
well that you have to invite friends
because what's a sleepover without
friends right so we're gonna have some
friends to help build where are we going
now though a sleepover without friends
but anyways we got to go to Home Depot
to get more clamps cuz we have to expand
the fort and you got more players yeah
and those were campers were the clamps
were extremely useful and if you guys
didn't see the previous vlog of us oh
thanks the previous vlog about building
you guys will know we need more cramps
and there'll be $0.99 now Caleb I must
ask you have you built a fort before
little hey that still counts Nick have
you built the fort before I was a little
as well so we got a bunch of amateurs
with the sander we will show you guys
the ropes though are you prepared for
this I don't know am i Caleb yeah I'm
ready Home Depot
what's the build a fort in here real
quick yes $0.99 clamps last but not
least just need some duct tape really
extreme hold what that may be good every
now and you're Walmart why make a bed
sheets and this it was really funny Nick
in all seriousness total we can buy some
bath towels you think we can make a fort
with that yeah dude you would need way
too many of those that's so small
they're so soft though you know King
that's fourteen really large yeah I
think that looks good yes they're good
vibes only or sun's out guns out also
like last time every time you make a
fort you got to have good snacks so I
found some jalapeno veggie sticks would
you find Caleb you found some good
flavor blasted goldfish yes
what are you gonna get Nick
kylo Ren cheez-its dad
we're looking we're looking for more
cardboard what do y'all see can you fit
in that yes yes that's perfect
all right we got all our shirts on the
back oh alright come on out yeah I need
a full shot here tight
that looks so funny so we're thinking
you know this will just be our attire
when they all go out all right I got all
the new boxes down here
time for some rearranging to the floor
here's one of the new sheets from
Walmart oh this is the biggest box ever
this could be the back end yeah cut a
little door into the bun so what's the
plan guys what should we do to make this
the best basement for ever
come on I thought we're making the big
tunnel from the entrance yeah I like
that I bet like that so we're gonna move
this couch over here guys and build like
a cardboard tunnel from the beginning
all the way over to the wall over here
awesome
this box is perfect cuz it's like a
little house in the shape of a house yes
yeah we have the previous tunnel that we
made in the other four video and we just
moved it to over here a perfect entry
point here into the game we should maybe
expand the movie room for all the viola
Finan yeah oh good idea
no no no no we just had a brilliant idea
yes what are we gonna do fill the wall
right here yeah we're gonna do this
thing that corner yeah go break it whoa
okay Wow Wow
we are making some serious progress guys
but right now we got a saw remember
safety first kids have your parents help
you if you need a couple's so we're
cutting a hole in here that opens up on
the back end so you can go to the
bathroom
I'm going through yes send over some
pizza hi I would like to place an order
for delivery I know a large pizza my
name is Nick by the way 30 to 45 minutes
so we have that much time to finish this
what's get this for up now the first
roof is on we got the TV and snack bar
over here so alright dude this is
looking dope in here this no joke this
is the best sport we've ever made yes
this is like such a spacious lounge now
man I'm so smart guys pizza right yeah
oh yeah correct
Brittany is going to come see the fort
and give it an approval
trust me this war is gonna blow your
mind okay so go through here first
here's the fall tour Oh Andrew go what
are you doing in there in the wall what
look at my socks where did you get those
it doesn't mean this has hugs not drugs
oh so lucky everybody Calla decimated by
a pug go to the very end that's where
the flowers and the food room is where's
the pizza
you're Artie would you get there Nick
these are the haunted ghost pepper chips
non-gmo
are they hot if you don't do well with
good things I mean hot things challenge
if you guys have an iPhone this is a fun
simple way laughs if you want why you
can tell your phone to call you anything
and she will from now on call me dr.
diapers sewage Andrew sites see give me
the soap goofed up Andrew just did
something very funny and rancid to me I
was crawling through here Nick hasn't
seen it did you fart it on me is really
stupid
wait what I was just saying we're
playing board games now if it weren't
flash five messed up if it weren't for
fist bumps and asking about the weekend
I would have no idea how to interact to
my coworkers
we're playing that accent game where
there's certain accents and we all have
cards and whoever's funniest wins
there's a very father really wish mark
Dona didn't mention her ability to
favorite
I pooped my pants again great god mom's
eye Gill bridge my name is Gill bridge I
have a complaint I was in the store
about three hours ago and I got one of
your green fire hot doggers and I've
been sitting on the toilet ever since
this is not acceptable that's why I'm
calling to complain I'm currently on the
toilet as well and boy let me tell you
hello I was I was calling to find out
now that we finished prank calls this
time for some jackbox
TV games fort style if you guys haven't
played this it's on Xbox and Playstation
everyone gets to play it on their phone
it's so fun that's the easy
sohere controller guess what time it is
what 2:30 a.m. yeah yeah mom and dad
it's three o'clock now we realized oh
yeah we realized that we didn't really
give you guys a full fort tour so take
it away well currently we're in the
living space / video game / snack space
and most of the snacks are gone because
it's 3:00 in the morning
so how we literally ate them all but
that's what happens at sleepovers yeah
that's the remnants of the pizza yep
through the cave okay so this is the
side tunnel goes that way oh I just went
through there this is sort of like a
little blanket zone
pretty cool huh this is a small room no
the forts collapsing we have to hold it
up anyway guys we're all grown adults so
it's kind of hard maneuvering in this
small space
this video is basement fart this turn
yeah this is what it looks like from the
outside and then if you need to go to
the bathroom
see guys over here it's good vibes only
ain't that right fellas
yes yeah did you find any pillows yes
okay we got the bed set up this is a big
sleeping bag oh it's time for bed now
wonder why we're still up please wake me
up tonight I won't but we hope you like
this fort video it was definitely a new
style fort but still fun concept and we
hope you liked it leave a like for more
forests just in general follow us on
Instagram bye everyone
good night I'm going to bed
