did your guys sport yet hey guys we have
a fun vlog for you Andrew Flores whoa ah
so since our last sport it got over a
million views in just a few days so we
don't want the four train to stop you
guys keep asking for them so we're going
to give you them next stop
your basement why is that well it's
blankets leave them there a long word oh
okay go this fort is going to be
especially cool because in my house I
got this basement we're in it right now
and for the longest time I've been
wanting to build like an entire basement
fort it's a really good space with a
bunch of cool ideas and it hasn't been
done before it's going to be huge huge
but we need a plan first we need to lay
out we need a list of items we need to
get because we can't build a fort with
any items so today's a fort video is
going to be pretty much like a how to
build a easy and fun home fort that you
guys can do with your friends and family
we need more of these okay also I'll
just go back from the dentist so if I
sounds for life story mode it's because
I can't do my lips so if I fact you
would it hurt no yes dizzy has made a
new friend this this balloon get your
new friend ap that hasn't popped yet but
did you see what is dead
ah are you okay you just talk your
friend the best super new Daisy what did
you do
here's the stairs yeah yes okay they
look like this okay so with this in mind
how should we do this for that big box
the Angels just in I think we can start
it right here so we'll use this is two
boxes so this is box number one we'll go
right there walk down the stairs enough
to crawl through the box thinking we can
flip this couch on its side so we can
put blankets get some chairs chairs okay
so like care that you you're standing
like a teepee status yeah the blankets
were like up so there's going to be a
playstation zone like a snack zone so we
need to figure out what your cells like
or what I love this book design yeah we
are in the car getting ready to get some
supplies and we made a list what we need
for the fort some cardboard tape
blankets snacks ps4 lights so where are
we to get some cardboard Office Depot
this is where we got a lot of cardboard
last time but people look oh yeah
usually a bunch of stores carry
cardboard behind and like these big
garbage cans oh but do they have big
pieces that's that's what we need these
are kind of small fort requires big
cardboard that's a note for you guys you
could use this small cardboard but huge
pieces are a lot easier we thought this
one was empty there's some big pieces
looks like
you well
we love nothing oh that's huge
good call Scott some guy passes yeah the
security guy over there best buy you a
couple of those and you can tape them
together yeah you break it okay all
right we can go look over there okay um
it's got like a big white sheet is it's
a Star Wars on it yeah that's why I
don't want it me either
next up on the to-do list
snacks either say big or sale I don't
know which one so far today's max has
chips I've got some banana bites
pineapple when you're making a for you
kind of want to have a good mixture of
all the best eggs what there's another
snack mom kind of a snack that we want
to get over there that you guys are
gonna enjoy us
what scared does anybody remember this
drink ah crap
pure fire just so you know guess what's
in here
organic ghost pepper no why is this even
a drink because this expert you alright
we're going we're going to bring this in
the four guys we're gonna drink it doing
a challenge and forth so again one no
one's enough to split
snacks oh this is tape I just found two
little rolls of tape what is this man
doing I don't know he doing some sorta
good oh he's putting his video games
he's getting away he's geocaching why
did he find it may have or he's pretty
one in the road he is so awesome okay we
are about two at home but we remembered
clamps are also very important because
they help hold the blankets up so you
kind of need like these visa like a wand
or blankets and guess what these are
very affordable only 99 cents for these
these are strong too like they will
definitely hold the blanket then these
guys on 37 cents dug hole and we
actually have a bunch of blankets in
this room blankets are also another key
component to a good for home for at
least you need heavy ones and try and
find some like white sheets like like
really thin because then it's not so
heavy it's easier to like stack on stuff
the building has begun like we mentioned
this box is going to go over here for
the entrance we got a bunch of these
we'll cut up the blankets already so we
get that set up flip the couch over and
this is going to be like the crawlspace
the mattress will make a good wall here
or baby somewhere else you don't know
literally guys use all household items
if parents let you so we got the
mattress and the boxspring huh get off
our fork and so all in here ps4 we're
thinking goes over there with the TV
oh yeah perfectly that's destiny folks
oh look how perfect it is there to here
yes should we use that actual mattress
as like a fitting location or I don't
know because it's also kind of elevated
let's just put the chairs somewhere
right here I thought wow Oh dusty you
doing dust factory in there
the plan is to make this insane long
tunnel you see with this box and all the
other boxes through the middle of the
fort here's how I look
once they're all standing up so once you
go through here there'll be a blanket
over this walk around I see the room
what
yes it's staying oh that is the best
biggest tunnel in Beijing yuan goes
through the tunnel go through it what's
in there go this guy's scared
who's in the tunnel hold on the tunnel
ouch look by eating butthole oh go go go
in there yes go
she like why you so happy yeah so for me
no no she can't have this who just don't
wreck it okay you can play but don't
wreck it oh the best career baby Daisy
come here come here
oh wait a minute
huh what does it looks good yes it does
no you're trying to build the blankets
up here see how these are being very
helpful helps hold the blank stuff I
mean we could use books or something
heavy like this but yeah yeah guys we
are seriously making some epic progress
look at this we're working on this one
right now so we need another clamp
because these clamps are so useful if we
have a clamp we could potentially put
this up there and make it huge so I'm
gonna have to go under and we will be
giving you guys a full tour very soon
what are you doing baby
hello let him out just making a few more
patch ups like this just patched up that
but it is seriously coming together huge
falling like that
here's an something guys okay guys I'm
going to go through the tunnel
so you see first person tunnels are just
like the best addition to these sports
yeah whoa that looks good and luckily
it's perfect fit it gets to be very
tight so if you have claustrophobia you
have to get out of here quick there's an
bees are coming oh yeah now I gotta go
upstairs and get the TV and Playstation
so I can bring it in to watch movies and
play video games because some of these
lights and court for the PlayStation
yeah we got the lights going nice
decorations huh okay let's go get
Brittany and give her a full tour and
you guys Brittany we have to give you a
tour of our new fort Davey's already
been seeing it and she loves it but now
it's your turn
I'm nervous oh don't be nervous this is
going to be the best fort home fort you
ever seen
so make your way through what Davey
already got yeah okay so keep going in
there we have a snack bar a full snack
lounge a movie lounge do your guys sport
yet you like it okay
it's my day the dog I know Davey keeps
causing havoc Oh
oh my gosh and Rochelle we haven't shown
the food yet oh here's a full
introduction to the snack bar butter
balls balls yes you got the drinks on
deck
snacks yeah so take your pick what do
you want um the bar nah nah I think I'm
going to start with some cereal this is
like a perfect Forks Nick I'm gonna have
an egg roll yeah so fun you're right
you're right back Calvin hey Andrew what
I was thinking that yeah by the way the
tour's not over
what what do you what do you have to go
through there yeah happy individual Oh
what could be in the other side I feel
like if I go in there I'm going to like
knock everything down like guys notice
me we are great goes really really fast
right
she was sprinting through it earlier
what are you yep yeah that's the only
way to get through keep going baby
go me she charges through it I know okay
okay
holy cow see in the four is still intact
you did it you're officially accepted
into the fort club ma exercise yeah you
can have snacks I need to get to my
cereal now oh no what we didn't show we
haven't done this yet oh we really look
what we got
there's a ghost pepper sauce in this
wait it's a drink okay
okay guys as promised it is time for the
fire drink challenge man was this not
like vinegar nurse want Oh
three two one let's just do a sip
wait
slang hotter Oh oh shut up is that Nami
ah well chunky yeah it definitely is
spicy and it's not like terrible but
it's just something that you'd be like I
don't know you know oh whoa
well thankfully we got the snack corner
ahh
I'm gonna try some of these he's like so
delish so your coconut and coffee
flavored banana on top one week and we
got pineapples I'm gonna make a little
plate I got the plates under here mmm
got my plate of snacks some purple mmm
hey and we're gonna play some video
games
what's plain well guys uncharted for a
thief's end one of the coolest games I
think s yeah we are playing it on our
gaming channel if you guys have
subscribed to that but we kind of
stopped you have to give this video 5
likes for us to continue ok where are we
by the way in a mansion
that's abandoned ok you have to find the
treasure know what it's out here how do
you get up here who are you shooting at
by the way trying to get the villains to
come out I'm here fellas and my friend
is seeing in car
get out and help oh no you GRA what's
going on
what are you doing uh no just uh I was
making repairs and stuff mazie well here
all done with the floor guys so that's
not all Andrew let him know if this
video gets 10 likes we're going to
expand the fort and do a sleepover down
here what does that sound like that
sounds like fun
so as you can see it's pretty big but
like we have a lot of open space here
and in there over here so plus there's
no here to the outside world
yeah this is a whole new world of vlogs
should be 10 nice or one that seemed
maybe 15 but I'll just give it dead okay
and if we do the sleepover can call over
the pizza guy and have him deliver it to
our Foreman yeah let us know and we'll
see you back here tomorrow
good bye have a great
me
