oh yes hey everyone welcome back to
vlogs Andrew hit yeah
yeah as you can tell we're back for
another Power Wheels customization mod
video a lot of you guys have been
leaving tons of cool comments of what
mod you want to see us do to this guy
and we have listened so Adrian what it's
going to be happening obviously the
number one body that our requesting is
speed so we don't know anything about
batteries and that yeah it seemed like
he'd be too complicated so we're going
to have someone else come and take a
look at it yes hopefully get this thing
going fast because that will make this
thing even better we got the custom
sound system in there we get it going
fast there's a million possibilities
make sure this guy's please Rick ok guys
we are here at our friend Emerson Oh
because he knows a lot more about
electronics we do would you study that
or how do you just know things that just
class of it oh really
college yes right well oh we have the
battery in drat oh it's being charged
right now show oh yeah okay yes I not oh
yes the resistor is going to prevent
current flow from like larger current
flow from the battery into the into the
phone the driver
yeah
all right who remembers these guys
hoverboards I feel like they keep coming
with like new types of products like
this every every month something new
can't keep up with everything but these
are still fun glad we have them okay so
here's your motor I don't see any
problem unless the resistors in what
this guy or taker brother sound system
okay we are at Pep Boys now in some
supplies but guess what it's starting to
snow
we'll say big snow tomorrow and starting
already
but you find that were you 302 okay okay
what do we need anderson wired why okay
let's go guys read Home Depot to get
that no Oh wants to build a fort
I can build a snowman tomorrow since
it's danglers
why is he recording me yeah but splice
she's life is Millia what size wire we
have oh that's a good point
who likes this sound oh yes
we don't you got this come on this is
the back screwdrivers box it is to come
down okay
Oh silk clothes okay all right we have a
problem captain
yeah you formed the assailants Wow what
this battery what a Emerson
we don't have the right wires what's
going on we don't have the right
connector right here
I was protruding his wires yeah we
needed two of these but we don't know
where they even sell that Amazon yes
we're gonna forget a different battery
cut some chords and sorry guys to be
continued well darn it guys sorry we
weren't able to make this one workout
today
this mod but we are at least working on
it and like we said earlier we have a
ton of other mods that we have in mind
such as maybe a paint job a nerf gun
turret just the name give you a little
heads up what we're working on we're
still looking at the comments checking
out what you guys say but yeah but it's
about time to head and get some dinner
like 5 o'clock make some dinner and then
we got our young adults group tonight so
pretty fun night ahead
oh ok I just filmed dinner but we had a
fabulous dinner but now it's time time
for young adults and it is snowing the
storms coming winter storm warning
we're gonna run into a car brick yeah a
lot of people here tonight folks
well next year as well how you make a
good Mario good thing
excited yeah Caleb alright I just got
back home it's still snowing but it's
manageable Davey how you doing what are
you doing by the way um so Britney like
I think I mentioned earlier she's at a
little girl slumber party so Nick and
Caleb are coming over as well to put
down the guy sleepover you're never too
old for sleep let me tell you that so we
got some snacks here these are very good
buy like bacon habanero got some chips
these are my favorite pickles I don't
know about you guys some people love
pickles yeah I feel like with pickles
either love them or hate them but if you
ever go to Whole Foods try these ones
very good and they're not even not hot
and there's habaneros in here
oh honey Justin okay
Oh morning now before we wrap up the
vlog Nick what did you just do I just
made breakfast pizza I have never seen
quite the beef s pizza in your life yes
eggs bacon Chad's Spy Nick we got pour
over coffee going Caleb over there I
also haven't showed you guys a bunch of
the home renovations we've been doing
here at our house I'll show you a few
that Brittany has been doing one being
this wall and she just got new curtains
for it it used to be that color up there
we have to finish it's really dark but
now this leg paint really lightens up
the whole room she just painted this
room I'm playing a board game with the
photos here hey thank you so she colored
this room and then over here she's going
to have one of her friends come over and
paint that some cool design on the wall
right there got a collage she just
painted this table what do you want
shake my hand thank you
I thought as you want to show them what
else we've been doing in this house
let's go we are in the basement now and
this is basically what we are what I'm
going to be turning into like the office
slash studio and these two fellows have
been helping once you explain it
oh we have a recycled barnwood wall to
cover up this large area custom pieces
are bored even with some recessed
boards here yeah great text we're we
just went to Home Depot and got these
things so if you guys want to do this it
was fairly easy they just sold these and
we cut them up and just used the liquid
nails and a nail gun and it was really
easy to put up but what also are we
doing Caleb Hanie so we all have some
industrial lighting here with the
reclaimed barn wood don't pay attention
to the screws ruin fix that but yeah yes
go to all Home Depot let me turn it on
very easy though we use the same wood
cut them up nailed it to the wall and so
it used to be this ya no bueno
now this so we just got to replace all
of these lights in here and then we've
got these woods for the wall over there
whole projects are really fun and will
keep you up to date with the projects we
are doing in our continuing to do
obviously this this downstairs would be
really hard to do by myself so it's nice
having these guys help where's Caleb
killing what are you doing in the Power
Wheels box the imagination box yeah
right say the fort here baby come in the
park this is like a little fork yeah we
should get a bunch of big boxes and make
a giant cardboard for in the basement
yeah
whoa Mike hey Dad what France rules also
I want to point this out we just
uploaded this fort the other day and it
just passed a million views you guys are
insane more fort videos are coming soon
we promise thanks for watching today's
vlog folks okay be entertained and like
we said we're going to do more mods once
we get that figured out but be sure to
give it a like and see you tomorrow
