frost Wow Wow thank you welcome guys to
the first-ever have we done this
platform no I don't think so the first
ever live stream on more jay steel and
we have a fun one today right yeah
because we are doing some fan mail
check out this box guys we organized
this fan mail to be just the yellow in
envelopes so if you guys have sent this
one stay tuned if I'm not going to be
able to open all these right now but but
we'll try yeah check out some of the
comments up hello
all y'all are saying hi welcome I'm so
excited
hey to everybody so okay like what yeah
since this is live when we usually open
fan mail videos Ange and I take turns
opening the letters so Andrew yeah
a my love you're jumping in well we're
getting right into okay let's rock this
big beefy one okay I want to flip the
camera no quick guys see if it's good
the good quality or the theme will keep
it this way
may have to grab scissors at some point
why oh I got lots of peeps in here for
hundred bikes thanks guys thanks for
like limbs oh yes out what is that
they're like it emoji can hang them on
your - flip see no name yet what could
this be
Wow what whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa car
hearts
giorgia soup please read on camera I
love watching your vids when I'm sad i
watch your videos and they cheer me up
I'm eight about to turn nine
I've been watch your videos for a couple
of months now keep making your vids
I left some things in the box from Chloe
Oh Chloe
this says Jace - can't really read it
but yes it's a car a car pokemon cards -
Legos well thanks for setting this Chloe
you're welcome you know now you must go
okay what do you want with this Wow ah
oh there we are you have real device
scissors I told you guys also he's the
hottie oh good this way I remember when
we did a life cheat on j stu studios
ya'll said this audio wasn't that good
so let us know and we'll flip around if
it's not oh like the front camera wait
this is yeah this here the camera if
it's pointing at me back audio bad
people say okay we have to flip it
around then holy cow
wait i'm contract which is this better
then yes I got more toys okay let's read
the letter first and I'll show you
all right hi I am Josh I live in
California I set some little goodies I
hope you like them
the orange bracelet is actually a watch
you look hot in that more Jace do you
will see two little words in it I'm your
biggest fan I can't do the livestream so
can you do this in the video
oh this is the video I thought we got he
drew the logo here and who is this from
it just says bye what huh I think this
is from
it doesn't say great I don't know who
sent this but look Adrian what whoa
don't it's a car a dirt bike that's not
a cool this is a cool truck this looks
like a my face and we got a watch what
in the world here Wow is that cool yeah
I think it's pretty cool so yeah um
thanks whoever sent this don't know your
name but yay
here we are watch on oh yeah put the
watch on cuz there e hurry hurry yes got
it guys Wow two toys in a row
what's the fan mail addressed it's in
the description of our videos so if you
want to send us anything that's where it
will be this is good right take a
screenshot of this oh it's in reverse
the hall man well then you want to it's
like a code it's just in the description
of the vid so check it danger please
shout me out from Andrew alright Andrew
alright we got to keep our a toy pile
over here this is a fun page this may be
from
Merry Christmas what you said that
during Christmas faster the unboxing
sisters that's right there's some sort
of box in here though is it please
oh wow what bear with us guys because
like we said this is our first live
stream we want to try it out and it's
just something new where we can actually
read the comments talk to you guys live
yeah hello okay Andrew what's happening
well it appears to be like some cards
gift from me
it's like sports cards sports cards well
these look like some rares yeah I think
though are these all Bronco players yeah
hey yeah anything so Demaryius chilis
thomas eugene dorsal wobble Peyton
Manning whoa yeah and this is probably
his auto from Zach that's what the
letter said but if it's not I don't know
where your name is but thank you you're
welcome
okay which one should I pick this one
scotch this one might be from Ala Rica
OOP
but have you guys watched our other fan
mail videos we have like how many do you
think we have I don't know there used to
be a playlist is there still playlist
okay if you send the letter before then
never seen it maybe you go through the
playlist and you might find it or might
be in this box or the other four boxes
we have and I have some more at home so
Andrew and Justin what's that darn names
oh it's like it okay okay this one says
if you're not a more Jay Stewart then
become one what excuse us for a second
something happened but okay we're still
here it says z fort has become amazing
okay here hold this and I'll yes ten
reasons why more Jase do rocks okay let
me start here
they build amazing forts too they have
amazing personalities three they live
where I used to live for they're super
cute five they keep other people happy
but wait that's not all
well the lights they have amazing
quality videos that came up with amazing
fort ideas they love their fans they are
funny and they make me smile oh my gosh
thank you and I think is this a letter
okay I think this is letter you guys
toilet paper forts are the bomb I'm such
a fan of you guys and I hope you read
this and know how much I love you you're
so amazing I hope you open
this what we did oh it's from Ali Ali we
appreciate your support and the nice
letter
I'm glad you enjoy your videos it's
answers turn now to open the letter okay
this may be from Zoe
I hope it's enjoy I don't know who that
is
sometimes I think the parents put their
name on here sometimes is the kids
package we have here Wow what is it all
more cards and snacks this is you trip
me I think what this is the Colorado
flag very nice
this says go Broncos oh yes
I'm guessing wait for the letter there
the football cards with Peyton Manning
is Justin's and others for Ann Marie
so this is okay dear sandwiches I've
been watching your videos for half of a
year read this letter in a vlog and make
more toilet paper forts and name this
video too much money ask me to go to
Georgia I want to meet you I don't know
what I want to meet you in Walmart my
name is Zoe
I'm 7 when is Andy going bald I don't
think so and you're already wet ball
Natalie but here's more money for the
foundation wait where is the ball Andy
bag bolts right there yeah
see that guy's and then here's a big one
that says boy oh cool yeah for those of
you who are new when we open fan mail a
lot of you guys have sent us money so we
created this thing at first it was
called the bald Andy foundation it still
is because everyone
it's like sending a dollar saying here's
a dollar for Andy to go bald and Andrew
did go bald but we still all the money
you guys send we give to a good cause so
there's a good amount in here already
not sure how much but we're going to
continue to add I mean look at this
let's play a buck or something right bye
buckaroo
but you're not going to leave
empty-handed we have Nutella packets
what and Captain America gummy oh cool
Zowie thank you for sending the letter
and all the stuff included with it there
you go oh they're so big
what is it a special message contained
within carried by the winds and the
tides what is that you better be careful
oh we got a treasure dude that's cool
what is this letter there's tape on it
or no what is this do you not open it up
and lead I'm trying to but it's like rip
it just try a bite it smells terrible by
the way really yes let me see that
oh wait and I see words in here but uh
open it why is there smell like a toilet
I don't know it's not so bad
Oh Yipes oh why did they do this I
literally can't open this oh that's not
good guys Oh what is it a prank you've
received a dirty hot fart message in a
bottle you smelled it but who dealt it
oh crap out of here you wonder why that
smells so bad
put that back in the bottle you Garrett
oh I need to wash my hands now because
of you uh oh who did this is the worst
all right I'm not thanking whoever sent
that I'm here wash my hands real fast oh
man
nope I'm just looking at some comments
right now
there's so many comments going fast you
guys are awesome hi hi a do you like
breakfast yeah I'm going with this
package next let's just jump right in
seems like there's already a hole in it
what what happened there's a headless
little pig the world is this from the
same person look this was in the new
package and this was in the other
package they just had a bunch of
different ones with the same thing
hi Jase - I'm Lauren I love to watch
your bids they make me laugh I love it
when you take cool bids with the drone
you always cheer me up when I'm sad
sometimes I watch your videos too much I
forget to do my homework and my mom
screams your head off keep making videos
and say hi to Mary Britney Daisy and
Buford + Aaron also if you both sign the
piece of paper into the batch me that
would be greed enclosed with this
package was also some of these guys
pokiman pokemons carts yay a Carroll who
was this Lauren Lauren thanks for the
letter seeing is huge but why oh there's
the head
the trunk yeah you'd envelope for a
small package all right pull it out some
stickers they've got a Broncos card Jake
Plummer and Bronco sticker mobile wall a
drawing of Broncos for you whoa
oh cool they did our logo there's your
logo
what more Jace do that's looking good
hello more just do I love your videos my
favorite videos are the four videos um I
challenge you to do a four in mattress
store I'm ten years old and I've been
watching your videos for a long time I
hope you never stop making videos from
Matthew if you're watching this thanks
for watching our videos in we may have
to try a mattress for yes now who's up
you punko sticker
oh by the way I saw a Power Wheels
comment we're doing more Power Wheels
mods very soon don't worry we're working
on ok
right off the bat look what I found
pokemons cards like oh people just send
pokemon cards yeah why do why do they do
that I don't know we don't really like
pokemon cards wait there's more
this one may be a rare it's in a package
is this one rare cuckoo dial this one is
rare it has a star on it anyways hi more
jcu my name is Loic fotz
lo yeah I don't know I live in Canada I
love your YouTube channel I am
subscribed your biggest fan Loic I think
that's how you say it but you're not
gonna believe this there's a drawing of
us playing nerf this one says Bob this
is me going yo shooting bullets at Wow
so that's a cool for me going oh and put
my stickers thanks
next up this one there's a lot of coins
in here folks let's just dive right into
this okay
oh I see more cards hold keep me in
there's a packed card here
Oh wha hey it's a bag of change yeah
this says ball dandy money that is going
in the ball bag
where's the ball bag just feel it
Justin and Andrew this is Cooper your
number one fan many people have said
that Cooper so you're gonna have to ask
them if that's the right answer
every day after school I watch your
videos I've been watching for about
three months we just had a snow day and
December 9th in Washington my fav videos
are that's one of our fours I'd like to
ask you some questions ready for
questions yeah what's your favorite type
of candy um no Hot Tamales all right
I like the sour candy so sours I suppose
what's your favorite movie um space I
never heard of that movie all right but
here a movie right now I don't know
let's just go a tax I'll rich what's
your best football in card my best
football card yeah probably
very rare OTO yours mine is the
autographed jersey Ezekiel Elliott yeah
I want that do you click baseball cards
no no we only watch like football
basketball yeah
those the top phase but Cooper thanks
for the letter and the money in the
cards this one feels like cardboard
maybe it's a drawing it could be
these are baseball cards any rares I
don't see any rares yeah
what about hockey do you like hockey no
sorry I don't watch hockey either whoa
is he doing it what uh I was like a very
old card bill thousands 16 I don't know
it might be rare the work Odell Beckham
guys this is gonna make you laugh I just
know it whoa we got an autograph what so
there were rares LenDale White I haven't
heard of him yeah was he good it's a
2006 card I've heard that name but okay
so today's this um this letter is on a
piece of cardboard says this cardboard
was just to keep the package from
bending Oh from so okay this is
oh holy what is that I think this is a
very Christmas card yeah we have an open
Christmas look at this card though is
that cool or what
hi guys it's the it's the the cheddar e1
and me and my awesome niece Mary want to
wish all of you a very Merry Christmas
and a very Merry Fort mess as well
best regards your everyone god bless
wishing the blessings of the season so
we got that but check this out this
one's for you
show the audience yes huh dog Bill with
my face on it that's a cow wow that's a
meal you got a million dollar bill that
picture what is that from I don't know
oh I think that banana
I think that's an Instagram picture so
funny left I don't think I've seen that
one I like this this is cool I got way
more money than you saw yeah whatever
thanks guys alright so this one
specifically says PS Justin please open
in a fan mail vid you can't open it okay
I'm so bad we get those scissors right
there ah careful you all right a Jackson
I'll open this just give me a second
guys
Oh
and fell down yes I don't know where to
start there's a lot of things in this
envelope guys all right dear more just
do hi my name is Jackson and I am from a
small town outside of st. Paul Minnesota
I enjoy playing baseball and cooking
sports cars in this package my cars cars
in this package I've set my entire
football collection what why
also I've sent some pictures that I
would love for you guys to sign sign the
pics of you not the logos those are for
you I've been watching your vids for
about a half a year just this past year
2016 if you get this late my
grandparents on my dad's side died with
within two months of each other shortly
after that I found your tepee forts and
blogs and they made me laugh and maybe
subscribe right after the first video
keep on being awesome and keep loving
Jesus PS I'm 12 years old
PSS open up fin mail and from Jackson
Wow JAXA so here we go he's got these
pictures he wants us to sign no brob
these are for us he said the logos very
good job and then all the Colorado
sports team well that's pretty cool like
this is good work man
yeah we appreciate that
and now okay here's some Rocky's cards
he says a letter back for this
here we go oh let's see if we got some
rares we got a Steve Young another
Stevie OH
drew bless oh wow
dan Marino John Elway folks Joe la more
Dan Marino's we got a few rares whoo but
they're old so they might be rarer Wow
Troy Aikman John Elway man this is
awesome you didn't have to send your
whole collection to us but we appreciate
it man
have a great rest you're gay Jackson why
does everybody keep saying zoom out
that's as far as zoom out as it goes
really yeah it must be like stuck on
zoom for them you can't see you let's
fix this here I'm zoomed in is that
better okay guys is this better
zoom in zoom out hello yeah no why how
is this not better I wish you could see
our screen is it like this close ah
what's going on let me flip the camera
hello
now what I don't know now let's put it
back okay just sit I towards like the
middle it was a high zoom now I think
it's fine
it should be fine now right guys I hope
so
are we moving on I don't know this is
the next letter
whoa you'll find some cool presents yep
this says dear Justin Andrew pH this
will be I can't Rio all in cursive great
you guys are the best youtubers on the
planet my favorite bid is a 24 hours and
trampoline park I would love to meet you
guys I live right here in Colorado Wow
and go talk to Target Walmart and look
to see if you are making a fort go to
Springs trampoline park every Friday and
would love to challenge you to a mini
some oh a ninja warrior battle oh no I'm
not going to be good at battles says
here's money for the ball Danny
foundation but there's nothing in here
Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year
from Logan hey good job writing that all
in cursive because I am really bad at
cursive I don't even know how to write
everything in cursive but here's my
bracelets that's not a Christmas
bracelet it's like a ornament for your
hand this one's for you this one's for
you there thank you
this is the good guys what camera should
about okay I was just making sure the
camera is looking good
some people still say zoom out but maybe
they're behind I don't know yeah I don't
know how many more should we open for
this I don't know each to one one each
no I'll open you open this and then
we'll each open one more okay here we go
guys
this one's I like a nice one so it must
be a cool picture in here I hope so
check this out we got more cards woah
what that that's your package but hello
my name is Trenton and I'm from Illinois
I love your videos they always make me
smile and laugh my favorite videos of
yours are the unboxing of football cards
plus I really like the 24-hour forts
here's a football cards for you guys if
you have time can you please send
pictures centre-back thanks and then we
got the picture of us right here Andrew
and I we got the Jase new logo down here
oh and we got some sports cards
yay JaVale McGee some nuggets cards Nene
and then we got these guys wow man
yo we appreciate it we're gonna have so
many cards I'm in I'll go to do with all
the other me
bait you guys are awesome
all right I'll try don't matter alright
buddies if we anyways this potentially
is from Evan
Edvin
his name is tempted
whoa this is a high quality pix guys
ednan let's check this out
why this is like on photo paper so he
means business business dear more just
you my name is Evan I live in Indiana
I'm 12 and in seventh grade I've been
watching the videos for about four
months
you guys are so funny and always cheer
me up my favorite bids are saving Aaron
from falling and we got a jet
say hi to Erin Britney Buford Daisy and
Mary hi a dad and at the bottom is this
Colorado logo any cool and yeah man well
Evan thank you so much little letter and
sending the pictures you're awesome
all right I'm on my last letter for this
live stream guys whoever said this one
oh I'm open it - oh here we go here we
go who is it from what could be inside
let's find out what's on the unboxing
sisters what
make sure clear for takeoff that's a cow
hi my name is Dylan and I am 10 years
old
I love your fought vids if I had a dime
for every time someone said we'd be rich
um they are funny to watch I wish I
could see you guys in real life could I
have your autographs that'd be cool I
wish I was like you too can you please
do more forts make a nice prompt I did
it well didn't yes we can do more forts
we just didn't want recently
in case you didn't catch that oh he did
trust me hey I haven't said that in a
while but good drawing Thank You Dylan
we appreciate it
yes yes of course yes okay are stealing
this is yours good sprint this okay it's
for this yes all right your turn
oh one more one more for you sir okay
let's pick a good one folks
here's the bucket to find good first one
that you know is really fun and both
questions this one is up next from
Missouri
something in here I see my what Wow dear
Justin Andrew my name is Leonora
I'm 9 and I live in Missouri here's $2
for the ball Amy foundation that's ok I
have heard you were receiving candy so
here's some candy I don't know who said
that who said that I think you guys are
the best youtubers my favorite video is
the lowest 24 hour I don't remember that
one so well Leonora thank you so much
for sending some bald donations and to
starbursts
yeah thanks one for you well for me this
one says it's yours
this one says it's my Ottawa bread well
too bad ok well that's it folks for the
fan mail I saw a comment saying it
doesn't do a family but I answer it what
camera should you get from vlog camera
g7x
it's a good camera it's vlogging good
quality or even like the g9x of you yeah
once you save some money what's your
budget that's weird
I hope you guys enjoyed this livestream
some new yeah we're doing more car mods
here very shortly and they're cool the
literally cool ideas is gonna blow you
guys as minds and it pieces but until
then we're gonna go now cake okay I say
bye bye everyone bye guys hi
say love you guys
