what's up guys welcome back to the blogs
we're so sad for today as you guys know
we love nerf guns and there have been a
few nerf guns that have come out that we
want to test and we also want to do some
mods that you may have never seen before
there's a giant ant on the floor what
he's huge where's he going
where'd you go dude yet again we have a
nerf gun and Arsenal already we have
custom paint jobs and everything let's
just show you what we have so far back
here okay Wow
so this is the automatic one on the wall
here this is a beauty this is Andrews
custom team oh yes
that's chrome Hey look at that status
Wow good isn't that sick used to be blue
and when we went to the store here we go
yeah that's the regular status oh wait
the automatic one I think they're both
on oh really and then we got see right
there that's a gold chrome gun in the
back we got two more customs and your
guns that we haven't done too many cool
mods so we need to do that there's also
new nerf rival guns out there's one I
really want to check out I've seen it so
many times obviously we got to go to the
store you ready I am ready good dude
here we are at the store
the toys or right lair and we're so
happy because they have it one new one
and there's even a newer one coming out
yeah I've seen it over a hundred dollars
because it holds a hundred bullets but
this one this isn't like a shotgun a red
dot scope is that really the flash freak
huh
look at these mods do their tactical
mods you can put on your gun oh that
one's going to vest why didn't you do
that dude imagine walking in dart Wars
looking like this guy I would probably
if I saw you I'd leave I break this
guy's too much oh let's color do we want
blue or red red alright so one of the
mods were thinking about doing is see we
got this little guy
let's go still bullets attaching
something sharp to the end of the
bullets and shooting them at balloons
let's try and pop them so here's the
hardware section yeah I don't know what
we can do though these little pins like
glue them to the end end of the bullet
yeah so they stay still and they fire
back I need some glue as well
here Oh some superglue
alright guys it's time for the unboxing
sisters we bought a smaller one as well
to accompany this so yeah let's get it
open there you go alright so this is a
definitely a smaller of the nerf gun
line but that doesn't mean anything
power is still event that's gonna hurt
right
Wow not a bad shot alright got number
one done the big rival Wow
am i scaring you you check this out I
don't know how to get these out here let
me get it out ready space cadets oh then
you put the bowls in there and they go
in this is brand new
they always used to have you to take
these out but now ah what I pinched my
fingers you're ready to fire really what
second the couch that is ever yeah don't
move
sorry bolt in this thing you know what I
know this is what I'm thinking
whoa whoa Kevin aka expert thief
commented that we should put a turret on
the guns which would be pretty fun to
like are you yeah what did I say yeah
the gun goes on the car I'll be the
coolest but that's not today's project
that was just a random pot for that in
fact Oh super glue attack to the end of
this bullet you're going to be kidding
and then they're going to blow up some
balloons and I'm a fire it Andrew you
better not be
why oh oh well that's I'm gonna hold
this a couple hours
there is super cool all of my fingers
and on my fingers hurt
right those are number two yeah you
should just put a loner for you just to
see what it's like
that's rather not why I can bear see you
look at those bullets yeah so we're
gonna let them dry blow up some balloons
okay
do something still some throne oh we
forgot we had helium tanks so we're
going to feel a few bones up with helium
like so we should probably test to make
a helium is like good helium right okay
guys we're almost ready for the new
earth destruction video how it works
hey everybody are you being goofy name
anything um some sort of Mario thing
that's the dry zone come see that I have
to shoot a hole always been feeling
inner city has a burp material okay with
helium or okay you need more practice
oh I got started the air bubble excited
me oh no no it's okay there are bubble
will turn into a birthday yeah some day
but if I will be eating okay guys it's
time to shoot a balloon with our new
tactical get it tactical eight deer
before noon let's see how powerful this
is
okay quick you said you were you will
poop Wow
before we move on to some more mod okay
fire mods
we're going to test andrew skills at
shooting balloons mid-air so you've got
to go back far i'll have the balloon and
toss it out when you have to shoot it
before it hits the ceiling okay go what
alright ready fire
ah you got to shoot over yeah I'm
staying farther back keep in mind I am a
marshal okay I'm going to chuck it that
way though so you don't shoot me on
purpose this is a non helium so we'll go
down all right here we go
ah and now time for a slow loading shot
I just randomly have a dart board in my
garage so let's try and score some
points
fire this is a line a few gets the best
score come on bullseye Oh 14 9 and 12
120 yay 2 1 oh wow the new way to play
darts guys Nerf darts there starts this
is a pretty small gun but I want to
really give it a punch so I found this
ultra scope I'm going to attach this to
the back and you can pull what the scope
does is it can close in so it's like if
you're wide range you hit your enemies
easier but if you're close range you
zoom in so that's going to go on the
back I got some sticks here which are
going to be the flaming sticks to add a
scary aspect to it like fire so we got
this here got my safety goggles on
always be safe
hi
so Wow go get on your fingers superglue
is varying lengths so just hold it here
for a sec while it glues itself what
pieces are glued now I'm doing this grip
guys that you know mods don't have to
look good they just have to scare and
impress what's that sound outside what
is he doing
grandma nice cargo doing cook test to
see if how powerful the subwoofer is
ready play we don't recommend doing what
we're just about to do guys because you
got to be safe so we have to put the
disclaimer out there be safe if you're
going to do these kind of things have
your parents around but we want to do
the fire mod in order to do the fire mod
we need something to help get the fire
going so we're going to use some lighter
fluid so you guys ready for the coolest
nerf mod ever well it's working good
really good okay Wow so you'll get ready
to fire friends don't you dare you put a
poppy bloom adjust the fire try one boy
did take some damage nothing because of
you but we still everything's still
intact ready to be fired Pete the body
baby and then when you're ready to be
done you'll say game over next up
flaming darts you can see what we did is
we put some paper towels on them so
hopefully that'll ignite policies are
going to be on fire fellas
what should we shoot that I don't know
we're going to shoot us a dartboard
it might look cool if the bolts are on
fire and hit the bull's eye we go kids
whoa fire well then we're on fire and
they're relatable you know when you're
ready to fire you go back off kid
whoa look at smoke and ooh yeah should
we try this in the dark yep we should
okay
wow that cool or what yeah it's kind of
hard to see it went out the paper is
extinguished see it fell off that
bullets gone drag you well I guess
that's the end of the video
yeah hope you guys like to make sure you
leave a like if you enjoy our nerf gun
mods yeah so leave some ideas for more
mods in the comments and if you watch
some more nerf videos that we've made
there's a nerf playlist you can check
out as well yes we would appreciate it
but we'll see you guys back here
tomorrow
alright take care good bye who's there
