howdy everybody and welcome back to more
juice - how're you doing I'm doing great
yeah
what is that oh nothing that's for later
guys look what we got Chili's that's
right
and we are out here on one of these
hiking trails in our city what are we
doing we told you guys about this like
hidden little lake that we thought might
be frozen over and if it is we're gonna
try and ice skate in these bad boys yeah
so that's why Andrew brought the drill
bit because we got to see if it's thick
enough yeah I got this big stick one we
can drill down in the ice because if
it's not taking us it's not safe good
all this snow as well it's kind of cold
out here whoo it's a pretty good of a
hike good exercise for the day I think
we made it guys
yes Ryan the lake is right up here Wow
look at this what'd you find
it doesn't even look like this is a lake
like if we didn't know this was a lake
and you're like in the middle of nowhere
yeah somebody's definitely been walking
on here that's nice okay you ready to do
the first test yes all right
now it looks snowy the snow clearly
hasn't melted leaders taking the first
steps because we got to find ground
where's the ice move some snow out the
way
Wow wall we found it Wow all right let's
get it drilling okay we just fall in we
haven't gone to the water yet guys are
you serious
have you reached the bottom yet boss
no what all right guys so the drill bit
is all the way in and we haven't gotten
to the water yet and you said how thick
does the ice need to be just two inches
to walk on it what and that's psyche
like that's it how much is that's like
at least three and a half four inch
drill bit yeah
can you still hit at the bottom all
right and try again in the middle maybe
yeah go a little further slowly walk out
obviously guys be safe and be careful if
you're ever going to do this kind of
stuff that's why we're trying to measure
it before we even do this because we're
trying to be safe I learned about this
in fourth grade by the way Wow she's so
crazy knowing that this is like a mini
lake slash reservoir below us I think
it's good folks I'd say this area also
we thought would be frozen over that
like the lakes in our town like not in
the mountains are definitely not frozen
like this but this one is usually frozen
over because it's up in the mountains
and it doesn't get much Sun like usually
like right now is about it it just gets
like the a peak of Sun as you can tell
so all right we drilled in the middle
and still the drill bit didn't go
through the ice so this is pretty solid
now what we're gonna have to do as you
can tell there's snow a good amount of
snow on the ice so we're gonna create a
mini racetrack Heelys racetrack yes over
here
so this part of the ice is not like
crunchy when we were just in the middle
it was like really jagged yeah so this
is gonna be perfect for yeah we should
have brought like a broom look at that
we got a mini track that we just made
Andrew had a good idea by saying we
should have brought a broom that
would've been you know but hey this is
the first time we didn't even know this
was gonna work so and you got that I'm
gonna put on some Healy's and see how
this works going on yeah I met him on
guys
now to walk over who will this work I
have no idea do you think it'll work
somewhat all right give it a taster just
maybe try that slide also if you guys
didn't watch our previous Healey videos
we have a hundred and twenty-five dollar
bearings in these Healy's so they're
very good they're like Olympic quality
so
excited for this give me a countdown in
3 2 1
did we just invent a new winter sport
for the Olympics yes I think this is the
first-ever Healy's racetrack on ice yes
so we have to clear it out we could do a
mini ball yes we have to but guys if you
like what we're doing right now like
this video because if we get a bunch of
likes I think we can come back and make
like a huge track we come up with like a
broom cones I spray paint we can like
outline the whole thing Oh guys I think
the track is officially done we we did
it the track is clear you can hear the
ices and the snow oh my goodness
Andrews getting on his racing shoes yeah
you ready for this I'm Andrew made it
alright your first time let's see it
what yes no brakes on these I know
that's why this turn you have to be
careful Wow
I wanna see guys coming into this I did
not think it was gonna work out but now
that we're here I am so happy we did
this we get to be creative it's better
than I thought one thing we will bring
next time if we do this again is helmets
kneepads inch elbow pads because it's
ice obviously we weren't thinking safety
wise with this but we'll try and be
careful and make sure next time we bring
safety here also mini dirt bikes up here
yeah what do you guys think maybe dirt
bike racetrack on the ice oh my a
possibility of roundness Wow
okay guys and you're now you're gonna do
a quick race test round ready I thought
of a rule what so you can only take
three steps in between the speeds okay
every three steps you have to escape
okay go test round was good boy I know
that's why it's a little different it's
like kind of bumpy but it's still like
drivable I think we need to Zamboni oh
that's what missing
or just made a starting line we're gonna
do some time trials see who's the
fastest on the ice with the Healy's Wow
since we just made this track we both
will have the top world records over
you're right but only one of us will
beaten be top all right so let's get out
the phone get the timer on that is the
timer are you ready I'm ready
okay get to your starting point on your
marks get set go
alright 13 9 4 you promise I don't know
what to compare it to but I feel good
it's gonna be a close one are you ready
no I gotta get my skates for you you're
gonna make sure they're running smooth
because there's snow in here oh there's
all kinds of snow oh this I gotta get
this roll record I just reset it to 0 it
is Andrews turn now will he beat the
time come on guys I know I can do it
alright ready on your marks get set go
he's counting mr. all returned
we have a time o 1461 I got a I got a
slow start I push I didn't go anywhere
okay on your marks get set go
come on very close it's 13 nine nine all
right my turn okay Andrew will you beat
it thirteen point nine nine get set go
fourteen point one five did you beat
your previous record hey this was our
first time doing this track so that's
pretty good reading on the ice feels
like but can you ride in the snow let's
give it our boost really is it scary no
it feels like snowboarding you know when
your eyes try dude you have to try that
this just keeps getting fun or funner
guys come on yes fresh powder doesn't it
feel like now we're shredding out here
yeah here we go first-person mode shred
in the snow that was fun
oh cool snow day just got even funner
good bye racetrack you were fun but
we'll be back don't worry had a good
time we have to go down this huge hill
so this is the best way to get down yes
run Andrew
oh dude we're gonna get down so much
faster well guys this is the end of the
vlog thanks so much for watching today
it was such a fun little adventure we
did and hope it kept you guys
entertained I wanted to leave you guys
with a quick bow verses from Hebrews 13
verse 5 keep your life free from love of
money and be content with what you have
for he has said I will never leave you
nor forsake you so we can confidently
say the Lord is my helper I will not
fear what can man do to me now I don't
know what you guys are going through
right now I don't want you guys to just
know that God is here for you and He
loves you and he wants to have that
relationship with you and all you have
to do is seek him with all of your heart
I know we can get so caught up in money
and things in this life myself even and
it's important to keep our eyes focused
on him so guys have a great rest your
day we'll see you back here tomorrow
