well how do you buddy welcome back to
the vlogs yo today's vlog
he's leaving we have a special guest say
hey hey what's happening he's gonna be
in the prank video with us but he woke
you but he doesn't know what we're
filming yet you know what led to South
came from where from Andrew yeah what
came from you I shocked him like the
static I touched his head so rude
anyway we're gonna go in the garage and
show you the surprise are you ready what
let's go see what it is yeah you guys
know what we've been working on so we're
going to give you a behind-the-scenes
little tour of today's prank it's going
to be a good one
here's the surprise guys Isaac's going
to be driving this for the prank what
what you're going to be able to drive
this today you can drive a car dude
exciting they're levels through the roof
so you guys if you guys didn't catch our
previous vlog we brought this to the
auto shop got a sound system in here the
and your sub two speakers under there
and today we're filming the part to love
this prank oh no what about a toy car
what are you going 20 car per thought
the toy car prank but we have some funny
ideas today and Isaac is going to be
driving in some scenes so let's get to
it
that's why and there's a whole snap this
is Ron do you know how to drive Isaac
yeah I did laughing OH
oh good we need good drivers only hey
we're doing a test of the sound system
now that we got a plug-in to charge this
it's working it's working
I've been getting some practicin alright
could you load this up in my car and
then they're gonna drive their car
because we call can't fit in one Dagon
subs hey man let's go to school we got
Isaac all miked up to get the mic right
here there you go guys we just dropped
off Isaac he is done with the day he
wants doughnuts
we're not done we have to go finish
getting our clips for the video so we're
probably going to go stop by a high
school school just got let out so it's
like a perfect time to go to the high
school oh man we're just a tad bit late
there's not many kids still out but
luckily there's just a few waiting to be
picked up so you might be able to get
them
we just finished pranking some kids out
here who are waiting what did you guys
think when you fir 21st rolled up I
would okay bye you guys cool being in
the video yay okay bye
alright moving on to the next location
and boy oh boy is it hot out today quick
drink Whole Foods
because like I said it's hot Jerry Steve
man you thirsty melon so many choices
what do we do
this drink has ghost peppers in it that
is out pure fire the Rob vinegar drink
that sounds disturbing guys leave a like
if you want us to try this we each got a
different drink you got this cold brew
coffee protein thing pretty good when
you get this watermelon lime juice what
is that
good it's good is the juice it used and
these freeze dried mangoes we got very
good that is a car wash but it looks
like they're closed but the employees
are still just finishing up cleaning
like closing down so we're going to pull
the car around and see if they'll give
me whoosh somebody else funny but we're
going to have to stop early today finish
the prank tomorrow we got a bunch more
funny ideas we want to do but it's about
to be sunset and all the people at
school or back in their homes would you
get there Andrew some chips you got some
barbeque chips how's the final clip yeah
I did like a major charley horse when I
was sitting in the car oh really yeah I
said it in a video oh yeah or I getting
the final clip for the video having a
big dance scene here at this college so
we got the car set up we have the
perfect song picked out now
yeah quick simple we're waiting for the
students to come out because class isn't
over yet and the storm is coming so
hopefully they get out soon
look at the sky gray and windy again of
course that's dog awesome perfect dance
songs so like we just said we're getting
ready to have this dance party and we
ran into this man okay back and you've
been watching for how long two years
2014 that's awesome you're going to join
us for the dance party whatever class
gets out everyone's here about 20
minutes Oh 20 minutes I'll be here the
blue sky is not going to last that long
way anyway thanks for watching dude so
we see some students finally let's hope
they dance with us
guys we just uploaded the prank and the
vlog the behind the scenes a lot of sad
- apart toy cars but you guys may have
seen it I hope you did it's a good one
go watch it and go watch the prank
because whoa you guys were desperate for
part two because the first prank did
very well so we're probably gonna be
doing part three and already already
thinking of ideas for part three but if
you got any leave them in the
description or crap comments oh ah we
had so much fun filming this toy car
video I'm glad you guys are enjoying the
toy car series I can't wait to make some
more they're so fun and Isaac was such a
hoot this is like the first time him
talking in a prank video it was just so
funny but here are some prank extras
that we didn't put in the main video so
enjoy my dog's eyes now I am so hard for
we need to jump the car bigger than
we've done it on
do you have a batteries with that blue
 are we doing for me okay pull flat
back
record room yeah there yeah
Oh awesome man Oh
too cute you guys know any good carwash
places around here ah there's one down
style but like pretty so like here's a
really good car for like four dollars
really yeah sweet I'm on my way thanks
guys
can't wait to get a car wash in this
baby teeth hey my name's Isaac
my name's Isaac
and that's it for today's vlog thanks
for watching but we have a very
important announcement to make a lot of
you guys have been asking where is the
short film Soriano that we made spin I
actually a little bit ago we had the
short film premiere was Lee in February
so there's been a while we haven't
uploaded it yet but Monday what day is
Monday because 24th we are going to
upload the short film finally so text
your friends tell them to come over make
some popcorn kick back relax it's movie
night Monday night there's also going to
be a second video that's like bloopers
and sort of behind the scenes little
footage I'm just really excited for
everybody to finally see it since the
only people who have seen it are the
people that came to the premiere but
that's it so market calendars let's I
two days away and we'll see you guys
here next time have a great rest of your
day okay pizza
and
