hey everybody welcome back to vlogs so
you guys know how we did rafting on a
lake in a bounce house we thought well
we are back for part two if you haven't
seen part one it'll be in the
description but we're doing some special
day what is that well I remember we
filmed some scenes because we wanted to
do part two but we wanted to put like
some sort of motor on it so we could
drive around the lake and we couldn't
figure out how to do that but I think we
have a solution yeah we couldn't find
any motors Andrew found online these
like leaf blowers that go like over a
hundred miles an hour and they're
electric so you don't have to plug it in
somewhere we're going to be very careful
with this if we're here at Home Depot to
see if they have any visa leaf blowers
all right I got to be down this aisle
yeah so we need one that's not gas that
doesn't have a cord right very much
power 150 mile-an-hour hmm never run out
of power
what how does that work
it's electric is that the fastest one 18
volt these are uh Oh 2040 volts
sixty-six volt is this the one you saw
online Andrew yeah that's who'd 110
miles an hour you got your trigger I
just stick this in the water huh yeah
well this theory work guys before we do
it what's your guess will we be able to
go fast in the water because this even
if it's not too fast if we can Alicia's
coming go right
yeah correctional I feel like it will
work because if you think about jet skis
I feel like they kind of have the same
method it's just like much power being
blown into the water
I could be wrong true maybe we should
ask somebody their thoughts
true and here's another concept see this
one 199 yah we just got two of these oh
yeah wow that's a good idea
yeah okay so what you're looking at is
your CFM cubic Lee phonetic you're on a
mile per hour
we just talked with the employee and
this one obviously is better with power
runtime is full so it'll last longer and
the power is almost full at whereas this
one is not and it has further cubic feet
it's 5:30 on this one and 200 so this
might be our best bet we're going to put
safety first we know why not a good idea
to put this in the water at the battery
holders really yes so we're going to get
like a bag wrap it make sure it's safe
and do our best to not put it in the
water back home just got to charge this
guy up and then we can start adding some
foot so it takes 50 minutes of charging
so that's really nice I just put the
battery on I'm going to see if it works
how is it that was good is it powerful
do you do full blast what does this
moment is that turbo I don't know is
that fast mode
let's try but it work okay it is charged
guys this is quite the big battery you
just figured something out by the way I
did hello everyone I don't know what you
owe the handle oh it's a rubber handle
so rubber doesn't really conduct
electricity right yes so that's good we
got this bag so we're going to try and
cover up
any areas water could potentially give
into we have completely sealed up the
battery so we should be good to go here
folks we are at the store now looking
for the Rack tiss we've had two rafts
before but they both have popped to
Union I want this though the new rival
gun maybe we'll have to have a nerf gun
war with to bounce houses okay if that
were the other one to play they bounced
how that's going to seem to changer
what's happening well they didn't have
our favorite bounce castle in stock and
we called like everywhere and they don't
have it so it go with a replacement we
have to order online here's what we went
with guys it's not as big as the bounce
castle but that doesn't mean it's not
going to work you promise yeah we're
going to set sail in the slam dunk tank
yet we're at the park here next to the
lake because we got to pump it up and
there's plugs here yeah we don't know
how to blow this up hopefully they have
something to
slot guys there's one over here come on
why ah they weren't working there's a
reset button right click it Wow it's
powerful
they really need to figure out a
solution to this all of these they have
like many of these and it takes forever
to blow through these so it's like
AdWords we have no idea how this if this
is even going to work but notice one
thing there are no holes like the
previous bounce castle we bought so we
don't have to tape anything up I don't
see water I don't think it could leak
anywhere like into there yes you're
holding it again and it's really windy
out
give the view from outside I can't I
have my right hand ha there you can see
it but luckily the lake is literally
right here yeah well my hand is numb
it's like 74 degrees out but it's the
only problem is the wind like there's a
bunch of waves all great they're going
to capsize me boat the first time we did
this we started off really close the
wind was like about the same situation
but we started right here and then we
flew into the weeds over there so I'm
thinking if we start further down we can
maybe end up over there that's cool we
can get over there
mission accomplished think we can do
this you can already tell I don't know
if you can hear the wind but it's very
windy hey guys make your predictions
what's going to happen are we going to
float perfectly with both of us are we
going to sink because it is this going
to be a fail yes
ah okay let's get a little out get in
slowly and carefully oh you want to try
and if that works
what dress me how am I going to get in
here whoa flip the boat oh if I let go
you're gonna flip okay here maybe not
just you got to get in some way somehow
all right okay there we go anywhere
yeah there hold this dude I'm nervous we
try to motor yes we're floating
downstream
oh no I fast yes
so just stick it like down in it see
what happens
yeah
ah
dude what guess I feel it going
I can't even genie think this is scary
going anywhere if you should sit up a
little okay I hold this careful very
careful being careful our site we just
can't go over there because that's where
the dang clip is you have the wind's
blowing out there and if we do just dive
off hey you're spinning us really yeah
look we expel a little let's do it again
what are you like nervous kind of
because we also don't have a paddle Oh
crab food well we are going somewhere at
least I thought we would go flying that
way
it kind of feels like we are headed that
direction I think we're getting closer
to land holy okay then it's very dry
okay
any progress no I think we're gonna
we're going to rack here in a minute
straight on that Bank Shh we better
prepare for impact I think this would
work a lot better if it wasn't so windy
yeah probably
geez like when we were over there I just
felt like we're just floating but only
we can go faster if I put it on the
other side huh you're gonna make her see
ya going I'm trying to drive you like I
can push it down okay
you're screaming oh no you can't do that
with the winds blowing this well
these waves are getting big right guys
we have to survive we're gonna wreck I'm
not kidding we're wrecking hurry give it
that turbo oh hold this up oh ah sour
okay we're gonna rack recover it's good
right we're coming in fast we've all yes
okay a safe dock dude where are we I
don't know where we are let's get off
and explore hurry you first take the
motor away scoop ah gosh it's trying too
hard to balance
Oh give me the motor hurry that's
important okay
hamish or yes Ronna night
we have to go explore this whoop okay
hurry get this off the boat all right is
this good enough I think this is gonna
blow away
well then what do we do I we put that on
it will hold all right the boat is
docked before a new island we've never
been
we have a problem
overflow tryna play
oh no not the think sludge Oh
Oh who's there we've inhabitant
someone's been here before than others
keep your eyes out not sure where this
my little eat because if it's a tribe
over there Oh sneak into their base and
then bring is good here Gilbert over
here has a good idea what are we trying
to find trying to find some big sticks
so we can know make our way across the
lake oh I see an animal down there with
a lot goose Oh No
Oh guys we don't see the boat ahead we
docked it up here Oh Bank was just right
here
no it's over there oh no no the motors
here Oh No craps
ha ha who did this fish you took the
battery out we're gonna have to dry it
off when we get home
yeah all right so we went all the way
back around the island
and I think we have to go down this way
into the swamps of Mordor not the swamps
is trying to escape from us well we know
where he is
Exede and this has been a crazy
adventure the unexpected happens
in the swamp oh yeah definitely all
right you go that way I'll go this swamp
way you know I don't want it oh Christ
ah so slimy how deep is this oh geez
they're leeches I'm gonna be pissed
ah Christ and me it was a deep drop-off
we made it
Wow huh almost there
yay get me out of swamp Wow don't let it
blow away again there got the motor back
the boat back but I don't think we'll be
able to sail that direction yeah the
wind is too powerful they don't talk to
walk all the way around that way with no
shoes on we just found another reason
why we can't sail home if you look
closely there's a big hole here come on
ant see that person over there
we found the culprit maybe they were the
ones who ruined our boat yeah now we're
in this person's backyard yeah we
followed this trail and like we're
trying to get back over there but we
can't oh they're running over here
I hurry hide steam guys we are like way
off track I don't know we there's like a
neighborhood over here so we're gonna
have to go through here but the
perpetrators following somebody's
emotions behind us hopefully they're not
here to capture us and take us hostage
and you're scouting out this dam over
here to see if we can make a shortcut oh
boy careful Adi you did it I think
they're right behind can you guys see
him I hear movement behind me okay well
we made it past the dam but the keeper
of the island is following us so we got
to get back before the capture wow that
was that was quite the adventure yeah
guys please leave a thumbs up a like on
the video if you enjoyed it we have so
many more ideas for the rafts which will
probably be better in the summer time
which is really soon
yeah but leave some comments what you
want to see us do what else you want to
see us do
then we're going to be like said many
more ideas coming but let us know by
leaving like and we'll do more of these
we'll go to different lakes
we'll try different boats out and rafts
whatever these are we already have an
idea to make this raft better so yeah so
thanks for watching guys and we'll see
it back here tomorrow for another fun
vlog
