what's up guys whoa hey everyone we are
so excited for today's vlog it's going
to be so epic and I know you guys are
excited because we've been planning this
for a while yes and a long time away tis
a long time coming boy oh boy
we have missed you the f-150
it's got dust on it oh no I mean we need
to take to the car wash you wanna grab
this new car wash see ya okay we have
some plans for it today
and then let's just hop right in here
it's okay to lower those seeds oh yeah
yeah we have arrived at our local park
we have a fun idea we want to try and
see if we can make this thing go faster
yeah with the lip board over here we
shall go so here's the idea one person
will be in the car pushing on the gas
the other person will be on the lift
board on the back hanging onto the
tailgate push in when the skateboard
goes so hopefully they'll create a power
boost that we've never seen before what
have you done it died the dang
controller is dead I haven't even used
it in a while technologies to go charge
it or go get mine
guess I'll be back in a couple seconds
alright now we're here with a charge
board and we're ready yeah we're gonna
go down this sidewalk Stephens very fast
hope this works this will be the best
right by the park on the sidewalk yeah
it works whoa
so I'll be pushing go while you push go
okay are we ready ready set go full
speed ahead
what I gotta get barely bastard oh come
on we feel a cargo climb oh darn it I'm
pretty sure we're gonna have to get a
new engine or a battery in order to go
faster which what we want to do is bring
this back to the what was that place
called the audio art boys
yes car toys okay we're going to bring
it back there and they're going to
install like a sound system give it a
new battery you know trade this out just
make this like the first ever custom
f150 mini since this doesn't work
but before we leave we have to do a hill
test
into the sand off-road vehicle should be
able to go through the sand yeah I'm
hoping so again stinky yep oh yeah give
me maybe he called them and said hey man
we're stuck in a big pile of dirt
by a playground we got an f-150 stuck in
the sand just that we're off yeah
alright let's go huh car toolies I'm
gonna way to go will they be able to
help us yeah let's bring you guys inside
and see what to say Oh easy bud
yeah if we can get him and that that all
these little things and it's still glow
oh yeah we got me some hello maybe a
sweet iPad oh that thing in the corner a
GPS mr. fun really look at this thing so
small yet not that we don't have
something about some of these sounds
like how Boone and they are yeah
excuse telling us what they have really
small subwoofer to a thing Oh like this
little tiny speaker guy make it like we
need to get the one that makes it like
has the biggest bass so we were driving
it blows - yeah
and the car is like literally bouncing
off the ground the technician that was
in the prank video is the one that may
be interested in doing this yeah there's
there's two of them actually work here
and they're like very excited
what do you say to you is like give me
this cars I don't let anyone else do
this because it's my project I want to
do it sweet thanks mini amplifier off
all the like a rock style hookup or
bluetooth toca yeah and
using that in two runs door speakers and
something like this would look original
to the actual stereo or the card so
we're trying to decide how insane you
want to make this audio setup if you
want to go with something that's just
going to blow people's faces off or more
economical with just stuff that works
like this guy yeah small but we're going
to get it
they're going to come and show us what
it sounds like so yeah see check this
out may install that is a general rule
now Kyra listen to both options so what
do you think they're both good but the
first one is a deeper sound upon us
goes off the same vibe there yeah to go
through that and also we're thinking
about maybe get some under glow lights
going on dude you know that has that I
know with the music LED oh yeah looks
like this unfortunately they won't be
able to do any of the work today so
we're going to come back tomorrow
morning and drop off the Ford and we
just realized that Andrew used to have
an old subwoofer so we probably won't
have to buy a new one we can do have his
and his so loud
like Andrew just said we have to go
finish it tomorrow so we're going to the
next clip is going to be a continuation
of tomorrow see you in the morning yes
morning now so let's get straight into
this thing what we need we need to go
get the old subwoofer yes not that
parents house yeah I think so Aaron I
thought it was down here
found it Wow see this was in my car
about this when I was in high school
this giant amp hey but this is what
we're interested in yeah I think that'll
fit well 100 watt amp yet no sub Oh No
who got water on this Aaron look at
Aaron do I look like Aaron lets them
match the rear end we have arrived
quick inside
we got the work order here you're just
going to sign a few things you also pull
this around or just action you'll see
the bay doors back there obviously okay
all right cool Hey all right so we just
completed everything all the paperwork
so we just got to bring around back to
their garage and they can begin the
upgrades
I'm so pumped for you guys to see this
yeah cos like we said earlier Andrews
Saab is really good we got some good
speakers and the funny thing is this
whole sound system that's going in the
car actually costs more than the car
itself yes here's the here's the garage
this is the first time you ever worked
on a car like this it is no denying it
defective yeah
okay good
Wow nice workstation here just so our
viewers know what kind of work are we
doing here on this we're going to be
doing some front speakers a little
amplifier a subwoofer in the back I'm
gonna auxilary jacks put your phone in
and listen to it all yay quick stop at
pet boys
you need to get a small little like
motorcycle battery that we can put in
the car that powers the sound system so
there that'd be it check it
it's got battery replacements for our
car
who'd have thought and the exact make
and model here Pep Boys we go we found
it just an extra battery this should get
the job done to power what we need we've
been gone for probably about 25 minutes
so let's go see what kind of progress
he's made see the motors you got
Oh Oh perfect
Wow maybe these have the voltage
regulators in themselves or maybe it's
not making it go it can go faster you'll
never even see that spot you're using
thanks for working on this for us thank
you guys gonna be awesome
oh yeah well it's going to be a couple
hours and then they'll be done with it
and we'll come pick it up but guys if
you live in Colorado you totally have to
come to this car toys here on North
Academy yeah they are awesome
yeah like Shane and Tony think yeah ask
for those guys Shane's alone working on
it Tony's other guy man but if they can
do our little car they can do anything
to this but yeah I'm so glad we stopped
all right so so hear what this sound
system sounds like I know I just want
you to look like two so awesome what are
they doing oh yeah so cool to put more
work
obviously still opens as well yeah
removable so if you wanna take it off
yes headphone jack obviously but you'll
just plug into rehire the cupholders
marrying cleats that your phone in there
yeah a little switch right here to turn
the amp on and off under there I was
here that speakers do stuff yeah oh oh I
see one yellow eyes yeah battery hookup
right there no mounts dude how much is a
blur sounds like
my trustees or something yeah are we
gonna yeah you see men we are home now
we need to test this thing out real
quick yeah I got a song you got one and
make it looking fresh here's the
equipment we got installed so we got
these Quinn speakers this is the little
ant
now obviously the sub already yeah see
this is in charge battery at home now
the base is so good on the song well I
think that's the end of this video so
I'm really excited to take this thing
out and do some pranks oh yeah but there
will be a link to the prank in the
description that we did with this so if
you haven't seen it go check it out be
sure to leave a like on this let us know
if you want to see more mods on this car
and what we should do to it because the
sound system is pretty dope the more
likes we get the more mods we do yes
we'll see you guys in the next video ok
fees
