well good morning everybody and welcome
back to blogs hope you're doing well
today Bernie and I are flying back home
to Colorado we're here in Las Vegas
right now but before we go our flights
not till tonight on our way back from
California yesterday Bernie and I are
driving along the highway and we saw
this really strange like structure in
the middle of the desert it was like a
bunch of colorful rocks and it was just
the weirdest thing to see and so we
looked it up and apparently it's this
like exhibit type thing and we really
want to visit it today before we leave
so it's called the seven magic mountains
a large scale desert artwork and here in
Las Vegas Nevada and the cool thing is
it says it's open from May 2016 and it
will only be on view for two years so
what a perfect time to explore this
while we're here it's basically a
creative expression of human presence in
the desert such a cool concept but yeah
it's like it was so weird because all
the rocks are of different colors like
neon colors like this so I don't know we
must go explore and it's only 15 minutes
away from us but first we're going to
get a juice and then head on over there
so let's go and wow guys check out
Brittany's dress doesn't she just look
so beautiful today you're welcome
and yet another beautiful day out this
is just so awesome but here we are press
pictures what sorry to interrupt you can
see here that it was like 70 at home nah
awesome because they make everything
fresh daily it's mainly like it's just
like juice press so if you don't know
much about that if you look it up but we
got the peanut butter smoothie nut milk
things here yeah okay the advanced
reminds me you have metal school days
like when you get a pack lunch your mom
gives you a peanut butter and jelly
sandwich thanks for watching
I see them guys right up here whoa
oh I got a little sign here called the
info what this is one of the largest
land-based
art installations in the United States
completed in over 40 years
okay we got to go up close so over
there's the highway which we were
driving on we saw them driving through
this but we had no idea how to get here
she had to take this like completely
different side road all all the way it
was like a 25 minute drive away from the
highway so glad we found it this is
going to make for a really cool photo
shoot probably post these pics on
Instagram and he's got our camera okay
you ready for the full review folks what
I'm still like baffled and how on earth
they got all these rocks out here and
then stacked them I don't know this
looks very cool I just I love bright
colors like this Wow how cool is this
Brit
yeah it's real rocks we had to have some
machine bring all these boulders out
here we've got a ton of awesome pics
oh man this is just so cool I wish they
did this more often in like different
places I'm sure what paint they use for
these rocks but creating sweet right
well rocks
it's been fun we're gonna head back we
got to return our rental cars today at
like 2:00 and it's like 11:00 right now
I just can't get over this place
if you're ever in Las Vegas look this
place up and come visit it it's so worth
it
see this kind of stuff I enjoy the most
finding little gems that maybe isn't as
touristy and maybe not many people know
about I'm going to be looking for this
type of stuff more because I bet if you
look up things to do in Las Vegas this
doesn't come up cuz it's only going to
be here for two years so next time we go
on trips if you guys know of any place
that's like unique or not many people
know about I am definitely gonna be
asking you guys is now time to check out
guys believe in this
Resort I mean everything even like the
roofs are nice
it's been fun well before we fly off we
found this place called Kraft kitchen
we're not getting back till about
dinnertime so now is this now is
probably the best time to get breakfast
slash lunch just arrived oh my gosh
we got the butternut squash hash enjoy
oh man that lunch was so good one thing
I want to point out about that
restaurant fact that under menu it says
that they source local organic non-gmo
and sustainable means which to me I feel
like it's very important and the reason
why I'm always bringing that up when I
talk about food when I'm always talking
about non GMO stuff it's because I think
we as people it's important for us to
choose the options that are organic and
that are not you know because honestly
whatever you buy that's what you're
supporting so if you're buying fast food
you're supporting the industry we don't
know how they're getting their food if
the animals are treated humanely if
they're getting organic or if they're
you know doing wrong methods you know
what I mean so yeah I want to encourage
you guys to eat better because it's
important your life depends on it
and God gave us this earth with full of
plants and amazing things that we need
to be good stewards and take care of it
let's just like my thoughts on it and
yeah just not sure now we are we just
returned our car we're here at the
airport
we're not the airport the car which are
in place
and we got to take a terminal to get to
the airport and we gotta I think we got
a few hours to apply picks up just get
on a flight
let's get about it to our flight home
not that bad
and we got pretty close feeds as well
okay folks we just got home I just got
these groceries but let's go upstairs
for a second so we get home
hey Matt and Ben have been watching our
house for us and Daisy and I go we got a
surprise for you
they have a good they had a good two
surprises one surprise was a good
surprise welcome to the home of JT
studios and Misty Demark Hey as you can
see oh shut up
very nice and where's the sound coming
from Oh oh my God look how nice and
roomy a lot Oh
who must have done that yes I don't know
Caleb they hung up our sound bar in the
TV room and they're like oh we have a
second surprise here we are in the home
of js2 studio and mislead view suma we
are starting a prank war
now this prank war is between mr. Justin
Stuart and miss Brittany Stewart it's on
whoo how many of that we have about a
thousand
we open our store and look what these
fools did notice anything weird about
this room you they put up some beautiful
coasters over there for you this one
how many clothespins are there in here
2,400 500 yeah oh my gosh
the next I'm gonna top it wait for it oh
great more we have all of our laundry
because just look at the detail they put
on the shoes all over the walls we made
your bed for you though I appreciate
that
we I did jump on the bed and it hurt but
it's okay don't worry see that but now
there we're all going to clean it up
because of at 10:00 p.m. okay so we all
got together we were like in a group of
what you'll see it but oh my God look at
it
if you want to see another pretty good
like we had like seven takes over
there's really big we had one the next
night no I can do better virtual you
gotta love the harmless goofy tranq like
this like when we first got to the all
the doors are closed the first guys I
told them I thought there's going to be
a ton of people in this room like a
bunch of our friends I was like what
does my first thought pretty what did
you think was going to be in the room
when you
parrot that there are getting people
everywhere you thought people - yeah go
put the Hat on the new look and then you
can wear your shoes you if you guys want
to see more pranks for a month later
subscribe
