well good morning everybody it's 6:00
a.m. I'm heading up to Erika to get
ready for today's shoot today is the day
we do a cap gonna pinch you at this Fort
Irwin a middle school so excited for
this I am going to be a substitute
teacher a mean spirited CC teacher in
this middle school
all right partially done with hair and
makeup she grade up my hair gave me a
bunch of wrinkles and then next we got
to go to school and I'm putting on this
like goatee and she showed me and it
looks pretty fabulous but it is now 7:15
so we should probably head over to the
school um you look a little old their
day meaning you need some coffee
yes I look at his face it just looks oh
girl no no how old I'm like 60 you guys
I seriously passed out in the hallway
and I did not notice him like it was so
funny I like I did whether you double
take I did oh yeah force it going oil
but yeah I did a double-take on him they
are just showing up kids aren't here yet
he's getting a bow tie on line oh my
goodness if he's over swear outfit on
you know visitor seeker her hair I don't
have any money
number all of you that's all all the
staff that compelling she's fabulous
this gray hair
what secret punishment to be chicken one
their egos Rostow narrator grace with oh
my gosh he's in there by himself all
these kids okay guys sit down my name is
mr. pence
I probably was opposed to tell you that
so please side up right just do not
repeat them quiet quiet
and why I stand down young man okay
please remain quiet the costumes going
crazy things are the scissors are
cutting up all the homework
I need with this settle but you need to
sit down or alcohol now we're going to
the teachers on for a partay she's so
fun with all the kids how fast buying is
disguised is right here oh my skid is
women in the condo captain underpants
because the grand prize winner will
receive a premiere screening of yeah are
we just wrapping up here for Fort Irwin
middle school shooting the outro and
intros and stuff I'm also here for Caro
he is the guy who submitted this whole
prank idea and made this whole thing
possible so just shove to the shut a few
men thanks for doing this and this has
been fun yeah we got that right Peter
Delta rocker fool
what just happened so yesterday was
Britney's first time ever doing a ball
but she flicked it up she was in the
classroom
she flung it in the air and land on the
table first try I wouldn't you here
committee because it was my first time
ever and just been vlogging I didn't
know you're just randomly or she just
grabbed it she like chucked it super
high they just landed not like that I
know like I don't got the skill like
Brit oh that is a wrap officially we are
heading back to Las Vegas got another
three hour drive and then we leave
tomorrow to go back home to Colorado
this has been an awesome you know
experience and project to work on I can
do more happy with just working with
such a cool team and then to see the
final project I am a static coming out
in May and then we're also going to be
doing some stuff that's the premiere
whichever school wins so we'll be back
okay guys we were back down in Las Vegas
we it only took us two hours to get back
a little over two hours I'm pretty tired
so we're going to go get some coffee
found a cool local coffee spot let's go
check it out it's called sunrise coffee
oh hey little little patio so awesome
I've got this natural vibe to it the
light so we chose sunrise coffee because
when I looked online they're like one of
the only places in town that does
Fairtrade coffee and I think that's
pretty important going with fair trade
is always a great option just to get
that so many legacy very beneficial for
people just look it up we are back at
the resorts which I'll show you guys
right a different one
tonight different because the one that
the resort that we are staying at
previously like doubled in price and so
we found a different one cheaper and
it's still just as nice you might have
to go the cruises night but we're at
this cute little shopping area right by
the resort walking distance
but it's nice to just explore a little
bit enjoy this warm weather so lucky for
us the Whole Foods is literally right
down the street from where we are
staying I wanted to point something out
I just found this I was looking just at
the rant at the toothpaste and I found
this never heard of it before fluoride
free toothpaste with Renu from chocolate
so I'm trying to figure out it's $13 and
all the other I haven't found any other
toothpaste that's that much and I
haven't seen many youtubers review
toothpaste
so that'd be planning to try this
toothpaste saying that this ingredient
that they found on a scientist sound is
like it changes the game so I think it'd
be fun Detroit I mean chocolate
toothpaste let's get it guys let's do a
review once we get back to the hotel oh
and the Sun is setting right now I am
seriously loving this weather so much
it's so warm out all the time here we
have to walk through the casino to get
to our room and it's weird that they
allow smoking in the built by stairs I
don't know why that even allowed
nowadays so weird this hotel is insanely
big it's kind of like we had to go
through a maze just to find our room did
you get lost
like everybody doors and elevators ever
yes we found the jacuzzi ouch it's hot
back in the jacuzzi that was much needed
but now it is time to try out the Co
dent apparently it's an act naturally
occurring extract that's found in
chocolate so let's open this box and see
with toupees looks like what that is
pretty cool
it's like shine gold and if you solve
this I would not think this is too space
I think it's like a sunscreen or
something what are your guys guesses as
to what color the truth base is going to
be I'm going to guess chocolate color
and I was wrong it's clear because at
the flavor I don't know
here we go
well that doesn't taste like chocolate
like ice was thinking okay so if this
one has this like interesting aroma
about it it tastes like goose pate
toothpaste but just smelling that is
proven to be better for you I mean
that's pretty cool so I guess I'll be
trying to sell it until it runs out
hopefully I can see some improvement new
teeth maybe I'll have some nice shiny
white teeth after this I and all
probably going to get ready for bed now
we fly home tomorrow it's been it feels
like it's been kind of like a long trip
so it'll be nice to get back home and be
in the house and just be home today I'm
really thankful for the walk I had with
my wife Brittany you guys saw you guys
saw a clip from it we walked around
pretty much during sunset and it was
like so warm and peaceful oh it was just
a nice relaxing evening away a good way
to close off the day thank you guys for
watching today hope it was good one for
you we got a fun idea for tomorrow's
vlog actually before we leave so come
back tomorrow
go back
