well hey everybody and welcome back to
vlog Brittany not our what are we doing
we are getting some breakfast yeah we
are just leaving Las Vegas today but
before we do that hungry we're here at
daily kitchen just found this place it
says it's a healthy food and juice bar
just what I need for today
Wow no one's in here the whole place to
ourselves got a little chuckle to me a
smoothie for the road to start alright
we did that bowl right there I say you'd
walk you've never tried an unstable I
don't know what you're doing but you're
missed now oh maybe the pen have to try
someday are we eating the mini breakfast
here and we got about oh it says two
hour 45 minute drive ahead of us I'm
actually excited for this drive we get
to drive through like I think yeah the
desert but like a National Forest and
it's very warm out today I think that a
seventy again a lot of time to possibly
stop at some areas we got some
plummeting what happens you're giving
tips the chimp breaks you're just
entering California shoot is in 401
California never heard of it
pretty yeah it's a military base so
we've been driving for a bit we're like
in the middle of nowhere guys are all
around us
not many houses at all
about seven miles going into the city
guessing could be a pretty small town
without you because don't exploit you
too so we're driving on this like really
long road and who make all these like
really cool rock formations but then
like all of them have really crazy like
paintings
look at that so we heard that rock is
like painted oh wow that looks like
military stuff like pink crossing take
profit boy always looks like the whole
crew just showed up everyone's taking a
quick lunch break because we also check
in because it is a military base and get
that squared away but join some snacks
before we get prepped for the day across
from the middle troll everyone's gonna
check into their room you can give your
personal wallet in your room will be
there tonight and then we're going to oh
is he back at it again blocks ago
probably she needs to calm down
well somebody send a chill pill for Izzy
yeah
we just got to our hotel here the
landmark in I was just thinking about
this I feel like this blog right now is
the first vlog in this city well I may
be right I may be wrong but just
thinking about it like that the first
vlog in Fort Irwin
why and here's a room they give us two
beds but we only need one so we'll
probably just got them all choose this
one I think all the kids at this middle
school get let out here and like at
three o'clock and it's almost 3 o'clock
obviously we can't be there while
they're getting out so we're going to
let them leave and then the whole team
is going to go and start setting up the
cameras and whatnot and then we're going
to run through it so it's going to be
really fun for our win middle school uh
all right which classroom will it be in
it's pretty big campus for being a
middle school here we are at the prank
classroom let's go in and it's one great
never mind we have to go around here we
are this is the classroom that we will
be pranking and I'm liking this isn't it
and I'm not going to give away too much
about the prank but this is involved
what could we be doing what Justin
slacking we're all like ends
uncomfortable death yeah you just took
Laura's couch we're thinking it we're
going to keep certain absolutely right
this is a really good angle for you
really shouldn't it logging on you
should just like this actually just like
you should zoom in really close whatever
like do you agree guys check out these
scissors constrain it well already hurt
get it kind of cocky with them all you
know I'm going to give you a haircut
with those below actually I'll just cut
the bully shame yeah let's give Shane a
haircut iffy I need help I can't do this
alone if he's trying out this do you
guys hang out alright do it do that
Oh Oh God not all right require not
having energy what what we have to work
with okay they are playing on the
costume for the first time a whole new
look and now he's got a vest on he's
getting them bowties okay okay this
school cannot allow kick and then minun
be for y'all and it's going to give
candy to everyone okay thank you okay
I think it's all Custer sense you've
given you any homework now you may be
thinking what the s and mr. Estes whoa
what's happening now Brittany we are an
awesome me what I've got is listen me
okay no I don't know in camera room you
know what can I pick up your script this
is an important piece to this wait we
got some dinner here it has arrived
all kinds of food everywhere YUM
oh yeah check it out this how cool is
this you probably saw it in the last
prank but now I got six cameras up it's
gonna be epic
well guys we are back at the hotel room
now
it's like almost eight I think so we're
having a little more of a early night
tonight got to get up it probably like
5:30 and then we're doing the hair and
makeup and shooting this whole prank
tomorrow so come back for that
Oh Bri what are you thankful for today
car thank you for cars why because I
think I tell you like come on we're
driving I'm like how cool is it that
we'd get so I Drive I have to agree with
you I'm really thankful for cars see you
call me every time no it's a good thing
to be thankful for
thank you because back in the day they
used horses and stuff I would have taken
forever
plus our cars nowadays have like air
conditioning and stuff we got to be
thankful for that hope see you back here
tomorrow be happy because you can write
you
