well good morning everybody and welcome
back to vlogs okay before I just start
the vlog I just got to say I just filmed
for like two minutes straight like
telling you guys about what's going on
and like just the whole intro to this
vlog and my memory card I'm on
Brittany's memory card right now my
memory card is acting strange apparently
it didn't even record anything so I'm
like come on anyways back to the vlog
guess where we are right now I'm going
to show you something
and see if any of you can guess before I
tell you this is your hint now if you've
been watching the vlogs each day you may
know where we are so if you guessed
Nevada you be correct I'm out here with
DreamWorks TV and we're doing some
really cool videos promoting the new
Captain Underpants movie so I'm so
excited about this getting to be able to
act and prank on one we are just staying
the night at this hotel tonight and then
we get up and we're driving to
California tomorrow which is like a
three-hour drive to the next location so
not bad we've been traveling like crazy
lately Brittany and I we went to Sri
Lanka recently and then now three
different states in like less than two
weeks but it's been quite the adventure
getting a lot of great experiences
getting to travel with my wife
I'm loving it and plus this hotel is
incredible look at this out here the
pool down there now I think they have a
jacuzzi as well I meant it oh yeah they
do I see it
I may have to hit that up later so check
out this room so cool in Brittany how is
you I'm good how are you I'm so good
plug on get some
Coffee now oh but before I continue on
with this day with this vlog I want to
tell you something I tell you guys
something I brought all these clothes
here not that much just enough you know
to last meal a few shoots a few days but
I've used them already and we're still
going to be gone for like four more days
so we're at this hotel and I'm like at
the front desk okay I need a watch some
of my clothes and you guys have any
washing machines or can you do that sort
of thing cheese and the lady's like oh
sure we can do that you just gather your
clothes together bring them down given
to the bellman and it'll be just like a
$40 charge I'm like have you lost your
ever-lovin mind
40 bucks Brit would you pay 40 bucks to
wash your clothes about a desperate I
mean I'm kind of desperate but I'm never
going to be desperate enough to wash my
clothes for $40 some nude socks some of
the necessities that I need so that was
really interesting but there let's start
the day now cut that off my chest
hopefully all this isn't deleted oh yeah
so I probably should go get into memory
card as well great all right let's go oh
great coming this hotel is really nice
by the way I got to show you the outside
and it's not even that expensive here so
pretty cool fine so there's a cute this
hotel is I connected to the casino
Brittany and I are really
into gambling or anything but pretty
wild here a lot of things to do and here
is the reception restaurants over there
let's go outside
yeah those really that's pretty cool
time for some quick snack here Whole
Foods just what we came for
we found the caboose here and there's a
flavor that both of us have actually
never seen before
have y'all heard of this chocolate
kombucha
it's got mushroom and cacao I don't know
guys I have not seen a whole boost this
night
ever Hubert
like they got a restaurant right here
Whole Foods sprocket
I knew so many options
plus all this like oh my gosh a full
section for Abuja you guys ever tried
kombucha so good and it's good for you
some quick recommendations for you out
of these ones these ones of them mainly
at every location the lemonade's good I
think
the mango cranberry any of the berries I
think are really good I like berry stuff
and I got this one
maca very very good as well
it's time for a quick music video
singing all right
time to go this stuff just came out guys
Wow
banana brittle first thoughts oh my gosh
are you happy yeah and don't judge us
but we got another one too rockin it
alright now what peanut butter banana
bite oh by the way we're in a rent
rental car it would be way too much to
just over everywhere so but I was gonna
stop by
Wow we were going to stop by Best Buy to
get into memory card but we just
realized in 30 minutes sorry let me
finish this in 30 minutes the new and
next episode of relative race is on so
we're going to head back to the hotel
get out the computer watch it and relax
then probably go out find a really cool
place for dinner then I can get the
memory card but I am just actually both
of us Brittney and I are just like in
love with this weather right now it says
it's 71 degrees out in New York I felt
like I had to wear like winter clothes
Britney didn't really bring a jacket
were you freezing what I thought my
leather jacket leather jacket ain't
gonna cut it in the cold but got the
windows down it's a uni where we got 10
minutes we gotta run oh it's going to be
awesome to watch the sunset tonight I'm
pretty sure we'll have some time to
catch the sunset in our room when the
show's over or go to the pool well the
options are endless
Open Sesame
see look guys you need to eat watch
Mikey up next relative race episode 6 I
hope you guys were able to watch it if
you weren't check the link in the
description you watch it on the next
relative race yes
strike away from heading home this year
Oh creepy his car oh come on man you
missed it but they pranked us the we
just got done watching the episode you
guys got to watch it it was so good I'm
not gonna tell you anything happened
those who watched it know just go check
it out but looks like sunset is upon us
or maybe just wrapping up actually it's
beautiful out here
so high not a good time to go get some
dinner thank you so much enjoy a quick
stop at Target dinner was very good got
got all the nutrition we needed for the
day and oh yeah even we're feeling
really tired since we vote we'll last
night we only got like four hours of
sleep so now it's like 9 p.m. got up at
like
early but it's a good we'll get the bed
sometime got me some socks got what we
needed but I didn't get a memory card
because usually get stuff like that at
best buy better deals and more options
so probably get that tomorrow but I want
to finally show you what it looks like
out here at night that down there is
downtown Las Vegas that's where all the
nonsense is happening but I like it over
here we're kind of away from that area
definitely don't really want to explore
that night over there
time to get some sleep though got some
like a three-hour drive tomorrow it's
been a good day
to close off the night I would say one
thing I'm thankful for today is
relaxation we've been doing a lot of
exploring and running around and stuff
which is awesome but to be able to come
back to a bed and be able to relax I am
very thankful for this bed right here
but with that I hope you guys have a
great rest of your night day whenever
you're watching this
and hope to see back here tomorrow like
