well good morning everybody Wow I look a
little different yesterday's vlog I had
all my facial hair but I had to shave it
for today's prank it is almost 6 a.m.
over here in New York and if you didn't
watch yesterday's vlog we're out here in
New York because I'm working on this
project with DreamWorks TV and the new
Captain Underpants movie and I'm dressed
like a substitute teacher for this prank
we're going to be doing at the middle
school so we got a nice coffee stain
here looking fresh so going to go get
some breakfast real quick and then got a
head to hair and makeup where I get my
fake mustache on or they're going to do
a hair I am very excited for today and
excited to take you guys along to get a
little behind-the-scenes look at what we
do and I have big damage got you a nice
big breakfast set up here
I'm just getting some quick hair makeup
done this is the mustache here just
kickin it stuff looks cool it's pretty
crazy it's actually like so close to
your natural hair color which is great
the heck what I'm here for the class mmm
I don't know who you are but I I can't
your mouth my husband and he's bringing
me back so sorry what I just need to
grab a few things
no I don't know who you are and you're
like super gross and dirty though fine
I'll just be no no very quick it's just
I'm late yes okay you look so much what
is on your face
well my mustache okay let's hear your
voice like does it present classic yeah
hello I am your substitute teacher dr. s
now I can't move my lips that much
because this mustache is glued to my
face you look amazing
thank you
can you side for class you got your
backpack and everything oh yeah egg
moanin yep all set up in here
awesome this is like because after we
pull this prank today we're having a
party with the kids in here tons of
snacks and stuff
the spooky theme you have chocolate is
you get her makeup done she's going to
be looking like a ghost almost I don't
know if you guys can hear out there but
listen kids are just arriving and we're
in the classroom on this is where the
prank is going to be happening the
camera up there GoPro in the binder
right there go put on the desk cam rub
there right there
help oh those are my there two cheese
and then I'm gonna have glasses that
hiding or there's a little camera in the
middle of the glasses which is the real
deal guys David Lisak
a day one please rise for the Pledge
one agent God indivisible with liberty
and justice for all
oh yeah okay about thirty minutes folks
and in this remember dun dun dun dun dun
dun duh you look legit she she right now
thank you yeah you're cool she's going
to be hitting the box is she gonna pop
out yeah the kids alright so here we are
we're all watching Justin's on that
screen
and we're going to watch him we got a
school counselor teacher meant it's the
principal of the school so awesome you
guys iced by a mustache holder another
mustache no like I'm noticing all kinds
of mustaches ee we're about to go guys
oh my goodness we're all like super
nervous yeah oh you're great the kids
are coming in we're going to try to keep
Olympic quiet shape they'll be talking
to ya
you guys can have a sub here you guys
might not recognize him that name is dr.
hat that was so good
everyone set up like the after party and
so look how cool it is you guys if it
dry ice and they have a sweet table look
at that like freaking fondue oh my
goodness and look at these cupcakes with
the spiders on them you looked a little
crazy talking to himself oh that's okay
my god how was it
wow you're zoomed in great yeah I'm sure
of your short career it's been the
coolest in your career yeah we had you
on the thing yeah we literally just
finished up wrapping the shoot Oh amen
uh-huh all right we're here with John he
submitted this prank idea and it
wouldn't be possible without him so I
just got to say John thank you for being
a part of this and freaking awesome guy
right here
you did well as well as you oh thank you
dance million oh I feel so bad it's not
working let me try hitting this button
to make sure you Jenna this is a peppy
tree camera trying to get the cops to
show up he just talked to him
guys come over here you're on a vlog do
I got this relationship I know ya hear
it on the border we wrapped really early
it's like 12 peanut or no it's like 1:00
p.m. now so early day nice to be done
we're all starving so I'm gonna get some
food
thank you oh yes that looks good
late breaking I know whoa
you did it it gets cited very well we
just made it to Manhattan where New York
because where we're staying in the next
two days super stoked about this whoa
brings out - for New York it's rainin
like crazy
we have made it to our room Britt and I
have been chillin just watching some
vids and here's the view thought it was
funny look from our room we can like see
into their offices come there look
they're all eating having a little party
some beverages and they got officers up
there a little floor down there then we
got a little peek of the sky up there
but before it gets dark
we want to go out and you know get some
food because it's like well it's 6:00
right now it's about dinnertime so and
maybe do a little exploring but not too
much because we're pretty tired since I
got up early
it looks like it's definitely stopped
raining and it's gotten warm again
because it's just blue skies there's no
clouds I see the Sun over there so let's
go outside and see what is going on this
is Britney first time walking in the
city of New York inside of the veal
like a lot for real I mean it you can
tell it's like really sunny out but none
of the sun's coming in here because
there's so many buildings everywhere
oh right on that road oh nice just a
quick deuce we're going to find this
place called Chloe's I just found online
and so it's pretty popular and they have
like plant-based ice cream so yeah we're
going to have to try that out
at first glance what do you guys think
this is or I mean at least part of this
building did you guess the home depot
Wow who would've thought this would be
randomly here it's on another cool
building the Lego store obviously this
whole walls may got made out of Lego
okay I'm not sure what this is this area
is called but kind of get a night
pan of the whole city there's the
spider-man looking building
and there's just people everywhere
conduct growing
pretty back - and they have kombucha dry
by brick my painting on a table will be
probably one of the sauce 5 out of 5
stars for Chloe freaking 10 outside guys
oh my god
give it a 5 on Yelp so if you randomly
in the Manhattan area
great yes
definitely come here but we we got some
stuff to go for just one thing real not
completely perfect apparently the mac
cheese the cheese was made out of sweet
potato and cashews
how they do it is incredible and then we
got some coffee ice creams ago this guy
really badly looks like no I'm getting
it for you guys
I got a do a reveal to make sure it's
good for you guys concluded when you're
trying the ice cream now
and oh my gosh I just found out that
this ice cream is made with homemade
cinnamon rolls again no regrets just
watching some vlogs catching up I am so
happy right now for you
yeah time bed of course we're totally
unprepared and this is soo much we're
gonna be stayin it's one giant room it's
8:30 right now guys so probably going to
get ready for bed like we told you
earlier we were up at like 5 so going to
get a great night's sleep
oh and to end the vlog I wanted to talk
about what I'm thankful for
I'm really enjoying this new way of
ending the vlogs
today I am specifically thankful for my
patient and loving and beautiful wife
great her being here with me and just
being able to travel with her and just
her supporting me and you know what I
love doing with this acting stuff I
didn't love you so much I didn't tell
you to say that I know I'm serious so
does Ron Baker for Britney what are you
thankful for today and you don't have to
say me because I know I said that I
don't like technically the last cool
nights you copied me just a little bit
so like I really am grateful for you and
that like I can that I'm able to support
you and like in this way thank you
oh boy anything else I'm thankful for
the ability to make decisions about our
health really simple and couldn't be
truer today's been a great day guys and
we hope you have also had a great day
hope to see you back here tomorrow stay
happy because you can and see you soon
goodbye by the way the prank we were
filming today won't be out until May so
you guys get a little you know behind
the scenes sneak peek at that so just a
little side note stay tuned
it will be out in May
