what's up guys welcome back to fort
Friday and you might notice something
different about us
don't laugh yeah if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog you won't understand I
think is my first time in public with my
new hairstyle mommy as well kind of
nervous
Yolo we're building them we're going to
for today guys in a new spot this place
to build a fort so let's go see if we
can find a good area this way dude now
this would be an epic adventure this
boats moving whoa you're turning the
whole engine yeah there's one potential
spot actually maybe two but did you ever
do this as a kid go hide in like the
clothes I did so that might be a good
spot but we're still looking there's
also you can hide on these shelves
behind the sleeping bags there's also
the tents and would be fun guys
look they put a little lock codes on all
the doors to the tents okay really you
just want to build a fort in here
after much looking around we have found
only one tent that is open all the other
ones they locked up but this tent I know
it's open it has a covering so we can
cover the top so no one can see in you
can bring in chairs like that that'll
fit but we have an option here are some
little Jimmy Timmy chairs
so that might fit and then Andrew found
another small chair the ground chairs
yep
hmm okay I'm gonna bring this one yes it
fits well we're looking for a map it
depended treasure oh yeah
Rocky Mountain Man perfect maybe we
should put the top covering on ASAP your
chair might be a better idea than this
one you have to sit in it first though
to see or maybe no chair we're
completely hidden from the outside what
we need to do is make this darker in
here
Oh how do we do that we have to find
something to put on top of it yes what
you guys doing oh nothing if someone
tries to unzip but we go
Aries coming guys
uh-huh I don't even know if they can see
our camera
these people actually working at the
dance
this tents actually a good deal for me
now stay back
hello
close call guys shaking our tent we need
to get supplies for the fort breaking
out the map figure out where these
supplies are ossified did you find them
I see a few okay over here in sector
five you need to get those something in
here a sort of shield we're in this
village we need some interior supplies
we get I think over here
the list is done
sleeping bag
so chairs would have chairs
the rest edition I'm ready
checking all the debts
we're searching for our pet for the fort
so we have option one big turkey man of
all the Ducks I don't know what you guys
think orders an owl
okay so we couldn't finally can you
blankets to put over top to make it
darker in there so what we're thinking
is maybe we'll get a sleeping bag and
just throw it on over top but that might
look suspicious okay okay agree when to
fill in sins
all right it's camel they'll never
notice yes
it looks like it's a part of it it's
definitely darker mr. steak I just
thought back there kind of head is that
I don't know but I like it we have to
get snacks real quick and then we can go
into the fort yep it is so upgraded it's
insane
we left our guard dog or should I say
guard goose guard turkey yeah Turkey
he's back at the fort oh this place has
like a restaurant connected to it see if
we know some like to go fries or
something
chips and salsa Thanks Oh easy alligator
this is the Eye of Sauron to break
things
thank you
you do give this Gibby
real-life snacks oh you weren't kidding
now we can't get caught oh yeah true lay
low
yes even still see out barely after but
that's down more spy zone see how much
darker it isn't here it might do it like
this is so comfy light activated oh yes
- and snags hopefully no one opens up
the door Lord eating blanket so you
should spread that out pants and pillows
guard what are you doing keep an eye on
the door okay many villains
the water good yeah try a bite fresh
batch try one just by itself you
probably should have asked for some
napkins yeah
it's okay we won't spill a drop it's
kind of spicy
yeah those and chips what's going on out
there
well your ships are good oh do you want
chips yeah they're from the restaurant
yes also as well all right man he
doesn't act fees at always I think this
is normal
chips sir
right back in honor what he's thinking
these guys just offered me chips from
the 10th you won't not even fazed nah
I'm good I just had lunch I'm a little
surprised and no customers want chips
would you take chips from a tennis ok I
did just have a thought now it's a lot
it's a lot easier for employees likes
but at least me now did that guy with
the blue head oh yeah the blue here dude
and the grey man is anyone there
yeah I could tell you that do you
finally comfy it's also like kind of hot
in this tent I have my sweater on and
use the mirror vents there's nothing you
guys saw somebody coming I can see him
also this cool breeze is very good
for the restaurant so if we're shopping
in the store and we go in one of your
guys set up tents would you guys be able
to deliver food from the restaurant
hypothetically speaking to the tent if I
come order food and then I just go with
my family to the tent can you guys
deliver it to the tent perfect so if you
like asking her manager if they can
deliver food to a tent in the store the
strange conversation she's having go in
just any of the tents if we just me and
my family go in there would you deliver
food there what we can maybe do is go
order in person at the desk some food
and Tom hey we'll be in like the green
tint
can you come walk it over with that work
you want to eat yes just like a fun
family experience well I'm not actually
in the store currently I was just
calling to see if that's something that
y'all could do all right thank you
um she doesn't know for sure so just
kind of wondering why nobody has noticed
that there's just a sleeping bag on top
of this tent it's just like clearly out
of place okay make sure the coast is
clear come on Oh what success jaws so
hot nice put this sleeping bag back guys
it's snowing out here run back home safe
and sound
for another success like thanks for
watching and if you want to watch more
forts go for and follow us on Instagram
here's our Instagram user names
