well hello everybody and welcome back to
vlogs oh boy am I excited right now here
with Brittany okay as you guys can kind
of tell look where we're at here at
Greenwood lake in middle school here in
New York and if you guys don't remember
recently I would did a project with
DreamWorks TV their YouTube channel and
the new Captain Underpants movie and we
did this contest or that was loud we did
this contest where you guys could submit
prank ideas we come to your middle
school and pull the pranks that you
submitted so that's why we're here at
Greenwood Lake middle schools because
we're performing the first prank
tomorrow so we're going to practice and
run through you know the whole concept
it's a hilarious idea and all I just
love Captain Underpants so being a part
of this project is like the coolest
thing so let's go inside and check it
out Wow - been a while since I've been
in a school like this the good old
middle school days so the first shoot we
did with DreamWorks was in an actual
studio so it looked like a middle school
but in reality it was just a set so this
is just awesome actually being in a
school
and it's going to be so fun being here
tomorrow with all the kids running
around I've got the script right here in
my role in this prank is I'm a
substitute teacher for this class I'm
thinking we're gonna have to get on this
elevator well maybe we could go
exploring around the schools and snow
ones here after hours write you down
go find a Ford somewhere which way
should we go
there's no one here Wow this is
seriously bringing back memories Britt
did you ever have to do these type of
drawings Oh everyone had to do the lines
and then you do the buildings the same
exact lines with the ruler No
all guys wouldn't it be the best if we
could stay overnight in like a middle
school I want to do that so bad
wouldn't you want to stay the night yeah
or a classroom or you don't sleep and
you just explore the whole night I hear
with the crew
well I'm counting Cody Shane sing just
like you're insane Mendon all right so
why would you mean you can crouch it if
you can't Crouch imagine it's Donkey
Kong
all right cool okay so in the way what
we can't since the back party has to be
cut out for people to get in and out of
it yeah but if you like a door like
shelter oh I told quietly yeah okay yeah
so what we're saying this is the class
by way guys this is Dan what's your
rolled in pretty third awesome well it's
going to be fun so what is this this
room know more about pranks and kids we
can see we're taking off the ceilings to
put cameras everywhere and this is the
real deal like all this equipment
and obviously this is our smart board
we're going to have a QuickTime movie
playing so that you can trade over the
animation and then it will write back to
you as it goes what this is a real smart
board this is our fake smart board now
you press the button it's coming up and
you start writing and you trace it so it
looks like it's right on
you know Oh with the pen and then you're
like okay what's cute look to all the
kids moan and groan
and then all its own ends in a second
things like the ghostwriting I was going
to come on you're like what two plus two
more and then you'll I think make it
risk right yeah and then having good and
then you're like oh cool my name's Evan
and you'll practice with the questions
like what whoa is these here guys is the
how you doing Izzie I'm going great
excited for this prank have you ever
done a prank in the school before no
either
no so this is gonna be fun but look guys
Captain Underpants books did you any of
you guys read these back in middle
school days because I remember I sure
did
there's like my fave and the big bad
Battle of the bionic booger boy part one
the night of the nasty nostril Nuggets
oh this is so cool bring it back so many
memories but I'm excited to be working
with you again to the so fun last time
right now we're trying on mustaches for
Justin we could come back like a top
writers that yeah yeah well maybe too
much I was like very good oh my gosh it
curl like it depends any like oh yeah
I'm not really yeah yeah like that one
looks better
yeah it's not it's yeah the air let's do
that and then a little kill change okay
living it so it'll where you'll ready
other only it is pre Matthews the bottom
caring way really
yeah nowhere that one you'll win yeah
yeah and like so free all right
just brush it in yeah well we'll see
there is another teacher in there so
we'll be in here yeah that was a
mustache it's gonna be so fun it's gonna
be like your giant coffee stained shirt
so the one thing I was dead when you
drop when you like little self fly out
of your every day I think let it fly out
it's possible either over here yes take
a look under their feet be funny okay
yeah but I'm also very tired way how are
you guys again by the way
Oh doesn't matter but let's just stick
to the basics
get the Matthew that's why you're all
here right oh there we go
bye perfect who can answer this two plus
200 we know that I rise are so long I am
really late night last night so here are
their cameras they're setting up
go pro over there
Keisuke there there's one in the corner
one right up there and this room is
really coming together check it out this
is where the screenings gonna be
happening if I could watch all the
cameras I do you've got the camera you
got quite a bit maybe figure out how to
make those work yeah
Ziggler again Wow Oh religion to the
posse check out the coffee pop y'all
very serious coffee stain Lana all right
we're all done for the day
now heading back to the hotel Oh check
it out folks we just got to our hotel
room for the night here in the town of
my spacious bed and with a fabulous view
I think Brittany and I are going to go
get some food it's like 9:40 right now
but we're very hungry we have an 8 - too
much today and right some food right now
sounds pretty good so we're just gonna
have to walk up the street or hotel
really close to like a bunch of you know
I'm all I'm like a bunch of places to
eat so we decided we're just gonna run
oh no it is
not bad a little exercise for the day
this is the only place that was open
since it is like 10:00 they stay open on
midnight
always going to start with some chips
and salsa like the best most simple
fulfilling food what step we're going to
get this wild-caught mahi-mahi yes
whoa ah nice to be in bed but I think
I'll end the vlog here guys it's been a
super fun day and I got no complaints
I'm feeling great I'm excited for the
shoot tomorrow we have to get up early
here's going like 5:00 5:30 because
school starts like 7:00 they're here and
going to get the print gun so but oh we
have to end the vlog with something
we're thankful for today specifically
I'm really thankful for the crew members
this whole project that I'm doing with
Captain Underpants and DreamWorks TV
wouldn't be possible without the crew
members you know taking the time to set
up the cameras and all the behind the
scenes stuff that you don't typically
see so thankful for those guys hurting
what are you thankful for I am thankful
for medicine because I finally feel a
lot better from basic credit Britt went
to the holistic doctor recently and got
some really good like natural stuff and
she's feeling a lot better so I realize
the wrong kind of stuff hi how to go to
Urgent Care and get like excellent yeah
I like that
good well guys hope you guys are feeling
thankful for that I'm saying I hope you
guys are thankful as well and we'll see
you back here tomorrow
