hey guys welcome back to New York today
is a beautiful day out finally it's not
ice cold out as you can see they got
some time I can see blue skies and we're
starting the vlog off here at Rent the
Runway never heard of it before but
hopefully I find some cool dresses for
Britney for photoshoots and then maybe I
don't know some other clothes just like
a photo shoot in Central Florida time
will actually be fun there's gonna be
some guys up here but it's only for the
ladies what are we gonna do keep you can
calm again but it's true
and now what are you guys doing tricking
it here they got some guy stuff I got oh
no they have no guy stuff it's addresses
galore
maybe there's a nice store in the cities
of the fellows it makes me Brett did you
find anything I should know there's
something right here
put a little bit address in there Bob
looking fresh how do you feel good going
into a woman
I felt a moment look at miss spikey
looking fresh that color looks fantastic
how do you like it
I love it and it's like I mean this time
I like a nice little breeze nice the
hair up there moving on with the day
guys were here at the Plaza Hotel grab
by Central Park
time to do some exploring whoa
the Tesla cat and then they got a Corral
to build car right behind it Wow
she needs supposed to taken like forever
to make
but in this restaurant again my goodness
like New York is literally like
never-ending shops everywhere can't get
our information pretty overwhelming I
must say but we're kind of exploring
around the hotel buying really cool
photoshoot areas because the ladies just
got their dresses on get the cameras out
and this is just awesome
photoshoot content we just got done with
a literal photo shoot frenzy lots of
sweet pictures and been fun exploring
since apart here not that get a view of
the city from here which is massive
there's a lot of people around is
hanging out it's been a nice chill day
so far I've enjoyed coming to Central
Park as well because you kind of get a
break on all the city chaos I mean
there's still a lot of people at this
park but I like nature you know nice and
brittany.brittany bought her can't
remember what this camera is called but
the little print off pictures so this
was fun you know doing a little shoot
taking pics with these it's time for
some fun facts with key key facts about
that building over there
well that building is very expensive to
live in and some of the most powerful
that's how expensive oh we're talking to
a bigger deal guys
we're talking about tens of millions
that little building over there at the
view of Central Park and I believe what
I've been told is that every president
goes into that building and gets the
blessing of the most powerful people in
the world reported the compressor going
to ask a few people if they have any
random solid advice for living a good
life I'm getting advice from people you
have any advice for the living life well
go jogging that's my private excuse you
guys have any advice for living life
roller skate dance I like it you got a
good fight for living life what advice
does it
thumbs up that works
we each got some Clooney is going to
head back to the hotel shower women we
have an eight months there Johnny you
can't get down here to beat a better
smooth there's no joke probably one of
the best movies I've had here in New
York thus far got like a peanut butter
while goodness oh gotta catch an uber
staff or some quick showers and then we
got the dinner plans I think we're going
to a jazz club tonight as well so I'm
I'm really excited about that I've never
been before we all just got showered up
feeling fresh even keep looking fresh as
well look at him he's got the hair done
the jacket you inspire me the first time
every month I put gel no off for you why
for you that's what I'm talking about
but yeah we're getting some dinner here
to tease food company should be really
good some good reviews laid the course
got the macho nacho we didn't film the
dinner but let me tell you it was good
everything we've been eating here in New
York is incredibly delicious classic New
York right there that's again doing it
yeah claps
mood changer
you got a challenger going man can't
change in the by yeah every night I
literally just showed him a song on
YouTube because just starting
oh that was awesome that piano built Han
freakin best in the piano
but we're continuing the Newark New York
vibes here at Roxy - jazz club oh I've
been wanting to go to a jazz club for
the longest time
finally gets good
tango here we are downstairs we go looks
like they're gonna be playing right
there oh my god who's even dressed like
it just go back to our room for the
night it's midnight
and we have to get up if we got to leave
by 7:00 because we're flying to Las
Vegas and then we're getting a car and
we've got to drive to California for the
next part of this adventure so a nice
you know six a little over six hours of
sleep not bad but I'm ready for bed
seriously
super tired I am really thankful today
for good friendships and good
conversations you know today we in just
the last few days we've been having like
really great meaningful conversations
rather than just pointless you know
talking about stuff that don't matter
really
but gonna get the bed now and we'll see
you back here tomorrow
