hey guys welcome back to vlogs here with
Darren sup daryun died from be on slow
motion good to see you guys it'd be cool
if I could play a clip from one of your
favorite videos real quick yeah yeah
alright check this out
and we're back so we're going to be
filming some slow motion type of stuff
today I'm super excited because you have
like money craziest cameras I think I've
ever seen yeah I know it's a high-speed
camera called The Phantom it goes
thousand five hundred frames per second
and 1080 P up to three thousand two
hundred frames per second 720p get
really really in this bag this is the
camera yes this is the beast this is
going to be so fun yeah this is it has
been one of the the better investments
that I've seen in my life slow motion is
awful that's what I do then I take this
like high-speed camera out and I go and
film awesome things in super slow motion
oh yes and this is Jason he's a really
good skateboarder he is a crazy good
that's an underestimation I tried he's
got this skateboard here I don't know if
we'll be able to use it so kind of like
I'm a dirt here but haha yes man there's
also like the road right here there's no
cars coming by totally fire is my this
is my stash of fireworks it is most
limited follow me mama
with so many smoke bombs would be so fun
yeah I would pass it to Alabama to catch
up with some friends of mine recently
and I I saw fireworks off of like I need
to pick up some stuff yeah just got a
few things huh just a fuse with you so
the mainland were looking at today smoke
bombs and we're going to be basically
taking the Pikachu randomly also a bunch
of ceramic Pikachu's that I think we're
going to try and just put the smoke bomb
up in the Pikachu and then smash them so
bad for anybody sorry
it's like they blocked off the road just
for us it's probably not the best way to
store melons
Hey look they have to index for us
already here
Oh perfect we have a lot of these guys
too so we can do many many experiments
the lonesome pikachu it's also very
windy today nope Wow oh yeah they look
good there's the camera
there's Pikachu I speak in the
background now what color there's a good
question
let's try purple because I think it
actually comes out orange Oh is it
dramatic yes I think it goes on oh here
I'll just smash it from here coming down
like this alright yeah sounds good the
smoke bomb is pretty hard to light as
anticipated
so windy you're right it is like orange
down to my ball number two for this one
I'm going to pick that spiky like a
football
hopefully okay so this is a wide-angle
lens what it's designed to be able to
get perspective like it's designed to
get kind of up close on the action that
we go session like right there all right
I got to practice my smashing going
insane I'm going to end it and I start
shooting towards the camera we're moving
down to the sidewalk here with the other
Pikachu because Jason's going to do a
skateboard trick and smash them I think
we're ready
like this good smash
on our way here we stopped at the store
and got some fire-making supplies I'm
not exactly sure how this works
basically we're going to make soap
bubbles that are filled with butane and
essentially you can scoop up those
bubbles and light them on fire in your
hand even and all you have to need to
get them to go is shake your hand real
quick and they're gone but I thought
being trying to fill up a Pikachu from
the inside out with a bunch of these
butane couples there's a video on this
channel ready get slapped in the face
with a hand full of fire
yeah that was a lot of fun just creating
a soap mix really basic the big bubbles
are the best bubbles so one of the main
things that we're going to do here is
make sure that we don't frost it too
much
we take this butane Wow what you create
these bubbles yeah I'm going to get my
hand wet first because that's kind of
actually kind of important it might be
hard to light it though
holy
ha ha ha ha burns in this gun what wind
leak string it here and I put it in
front of me like what is that
run whoa I'm going to go to a different
spot tres with us yeah be like wants
like work not only yeah let's do that
let's good one we can actually like try
some yeah yeah
here's our new spot we're under a bridge
it is a lot less windy under here so so
be perfect
Deborah's into if that hand wet let me
just take the bottle in Holly I'm
popping the bubble yeah that's good
night
inside of the peaks you okay all right
look at my arms
your arm is just singed all the way up
and down let's lay it look at you - the
smell of burnt hair it's totally a thing
that happen I have pretty hairy arms -
so like bound to happen except we just
watched that footage back in slow motion
oh my goodness so crazy I love this
camera what was the funniest thing about
that was the way that you like reacted
backwards you reacted backwards and went
this way and up yeah like instead of
having the fire all happen in one spot
you just made it like that man
but now Pikachu you have to try but I'm
curious to see what happens if you have
a whole bunch of gas on the inside of
this Pikachu and it lit hold on whoa
whoa whoa
so these are essentially these magnets
that are super strong and by utilizing
the the barriers you can create various
different patterns or you can even just
kind of line these up on their own in
their own different ways and if you just
collapse one of them in the right way
all of them collapse into like a just
this long pillar it's really crazy
looking especially in full motion
watching a little bounce off of each
other also we're going to turn it
playing around with imagination magnets
the goal here is to be able to build up
a grid of these magnets on by kind of
just alternating their poles I'm going
to collapse them by like dropping this
and letting them all kind of fall in on
each other ah there you go yeah this is
going to be an awesome close-up yes as
well go for it oh well darn it
train mode
like a snake train shoot so we got some
pretty cool footage from the slow-mo
camera so we're going to pack up our
stuff here head back to my house and
they can download some footage and show
you guys some of the high speed stuff of
you guys
Wow we're back at the house now and we
have a lot of footage from this camera
how much 72 gigs and that's only like a
portion of one of the cine flashes so
we've on a good day like if I'm filming
a lot of stuff like just on the phantom
footage will take up 500 gigs or more
cheese and that's and that's unlike some
of the other phantom like the Phantom
flex like that can record in one buffer
like 1/8 second buffer about 96 gigs
worth of data in 8 seconds doing some
editing but it's funny in this scene
fires getting very close to your beard
yes it is yeah cinge like this little
bottom part of my beard it's like all
yeah together funny well that was an
awesome collaboration we just did I hope
you guys enjoyed this slow motion
footage because it was so fun to make
but how can people see what you do if
you go to youtube.com slash the
Aumsville motion or instagram.com slash
prehensile motion like my whole thing is
I basically travel around to find
awesome people to make cool videos with
and then it bring the phantom camera and
we just have a blast so yeah I hope you
enjoy be sure to check them out you can
watch the Edit he did from what we did
today it's awesome his reaction on that
fire so I would like one of my favorite
things I've seen in a while I was on
fire I don't know what to do you lift my
beard on fire man yeah it is a little
singed you can see little bit better now
you know you know bill see you next time
guys
