we're getting a new refrigerator
installed today so I had to get the
driveway clear for those guys not bad
thank you
this snow is like super wet super wet
and heavy so this thing really came in
handy gotta clear out all the food and
bridge first
so you have seven steps kind of narrower
this way and there's always the corner
and here it is whoa that's trippy on the
camera it's a blinking back and forth
but what I'm just looking at it it's
fine
that is weird but anyways it doesn't
quite fit so we're gonna have to like
trim this down and I think trim up here
a little bit but till then not bad
where do you guys think he's from now
affected you have a pool well at close
I'll look you up on the back by the way
this is native hello
he's from Liverpool from Liverpool
actually originated from there and then
just kind of moved over to Colorado
because I like the mountains to ski hey
you got a brush yeah yeah hold this
just getting so much lighter in here I
love it so here's the deal I have a
barbecue grill which has I don't know
mysteriously stopped working so it's
just I don't know what happened and
we're desperate to grill they have it go
pick up some steaks steaks we want some
hot dogs hot dogs for lunch you chop so
many steaks send it via email to solve
this problem home depot
we're here oh we're here we're hoping to
have a nice a nice grill for all the
food necessities try to get a grill yeah
I think we found one that's going to
work I don't think they have any that
already need like we can make hot dogs
for lunch kidding good for a hot dog all
right everybody this is sort of an
unboxing slash tech review segment of
the video so today's topic is Apple's
MacBook Pro would be touch bar on it I
know this came out a few months ago I
got mine back in December from Santa
but there's something new about it maybe
a month ago I noticed that when I was
using my computer it would start making
this popping sound from inside the
keyboard that's kind of interesting I
don't really like it so what I did was I
started looking around on the internet
to see if anybody else was experiencing
the same problem with this same computer
and I noticed that a few people here and
there we're also noticing a popping
sound from their computer some people
took to the store and they said it was
the touch bar making the sound but I
hadn't taken it to the store yet it was
just a sound
and I was like well I mean taken in
eventually and preferably before the
warranty runs out but I'll get around to
it when I get around to it about a week
and a half ago the eben the letter e on
my keyboard was malfunctioning I would
hit it sometimes we won't do anything
sometimes I'd hit it and it was like
it's stuck down so it would do multiple
E's
like if you're typing but the best part
about this is if you use Final Cut
you know the e button is a shortcut for
putting a clip into the timeline so when
I was editing I would hit the e button
and sometimes the clip which is not even
going the video or multiple clips of the
same clip would just go in the timeline
like two or three of them they're so
annoying I think the past four maybe
five videos I've edited I've had to go
through the timeline and make sure
there's no duplicate Clips anywhere and
I've missed a couple as you guys pointed
out with that a button messing up and
this popping sound from the keyboard I
had to take it into the store it was
that time I had to take it in so I
called up the Apple people and I told
them what was going on the popping sound
the e on the keyboard was not working
and messing up my videos Fishkin I
didn't say that on the phone Apple said
that this new keyboard is like a new
design so they're really interested in
getting all the defect computers so
taking them in I don't know doing lab
work on them engineers looking at them
and figuring out if this new keyboard
design is faulty in any way they offered
to give me a brand new computer if they
can have my computer to do some tests
and figure out what's going on with the
keyboard
I said that's
like a good idea to me and give me a new
computer which was awesome Thank You
Apple for doing that I'm glad you guys
are doing research on problems like this
I wanted to talk about this popping
sound from the keyboard is just in case
anyone watching is thinking about
getting one of these new MacBooks with
the touch bar to have that in mind that
could be a problem and if anybody does
have this laptop with the touch bar that
this could be a problem and just keep
your eyes and ears out for it and if it
happens
maybe colic or Apple representatives are
standing by sort of the tech review
segment this faulty keyboard but that
brings us to the next segment the
unboxing of the new computer but it's
not really an unboxing because they took
the box it came in and put my old laptop
in it to send it off to the lab so all I
have is the new computer but it still
has all the peel-off stickers on it
which let's be honest is the best part
of opening up a product here is my old
old laptop this is a MacBook Air I think
I've had this for like five or six years
that was the old computer which is still
a good backup computer in case something
happens but it's really slow and
annoying and kind of makes me angry
the new MacBook C I promise it's got all
the stickers and everything to peel off
figure out that okay you slide it off
Wow I just love the new color on these
computers like this is the old one which
is it's not bad but this new one is nice
some people are mad that this doesn't
light up whatever open her up here whoa
shall I do the honors oh yeah us
keyboard you got it so that has been the
new MacBook unboxing well actually we'll
call it the MacBook unpeeling because
that's what we did one thing I don't
like about it is it's only got USB C's
which is annoying we're going to use
these guys to just do any type of work
like memory cards USB ease hopefully
that was insightful I can't end this
vlog without doing an actual unboxing of
something check this out a brand new
2017 panini elite trading cards there it
says it's got five autos in this box
this is 2017 these guys haven't even
been drafted yet I just want to do a
quick announcement if you are in the
Colorado Springs area or around this
city somewhere on Monday April 10th go
to the chick-fil-a on Garden of the Gods
we're doing a fundraiser there for our
missions trip to Rwanda there will be
donating a percent of their proceeds to
our trip so Monday April 10th for
breakfast lunch or dinner or all three
if you want to show up there tell them
you're there for the Rwanda missions
trip I'll be there
it's going to be great if you went to
our short film premiere this is the same
chick-fil-a we went to afterwards so if
you with Darren you'll know where to go
if not garner the gods
chick-fil-a let me just would you just
look at that it's got Leonard fournette
on the frontage come on what view do you
guys like best for unboxing videos you
like it straight on like this or the
camera is like pointing down mainly just
hands and cards let's open it up we'll
put Leonard right there
Leonard there supposed to be five rares
at least I don't know like happy low
here's a Christian McCaffrey
oh here's the first Auto Chris Goodwin
never heard of them but maybe he'll be a
fantastic player holy hell
I didn't realize one out of five here's
a gibreel Peppers at a 99 it's not
autographed but here's another Auto I
don't know how to say this person's name
cordera Tankersley
min I just I know I'm messed that up
Jalen M break out of 25 that's pretty
rare but I never heard this man as Sam
Rogers out of 49 oh here's a cool Adrian
Peterson card Adrian Peterson at a 99
purple wow we get someone that just goes
in the first round that would be epic
there's a Leonard but it's not uttered
our last Auto is a Dewani Smoot the
basic guys with tim tebow good way to
enter and the openings
here's a close-up of the rares so
hopefully this guy Chris Goodwin can be
a good player one out of five one out of
five anyways that's all for the vlog
today hope you enjoyed it and don't
forget to come to chick-fil-a on Monday
April 10th kind of the gods
it's going to be fun Leonard say goodbye
everybody we'll see you here next time
alright have a great day
