well good morning everybody and welcome
back to vlogs surprise Brittany and I
are in New Jersey right now I didn't
vlog the trip here because you guys know
how that goes the flights and everything
so I just wanted to start the vlog off
already here we landed in New York late
last night
we're here because I'm working on
another project and a lot of you guys
may know about it but I'll tell you
about it once we actually get there
which it's not today it's the next day
so we are staying with Keith and Paige
which are here but it's time we get some
food so you guys remember Keith and
Paige they're like our ultimate travel
partners we go literally everywhere with
them harder to cry where we've been like
five countries in Europe Europe
Holocaust red we're in Hawaii this
Florida the California coast coats to us
well we get around and it doesn't stop
here yeah I don't know we'll see
and they actually lived here so it's
going to be they're going to show us
around and stuff it would be pretty
sweet guys check this out we're at the
local like little grocery store it's
like a healthy healthy Mart so I got the
veggies they got kombucha on tap snacks
over here
Britt snapchatting because she's
desperate
oh hey Paige
how are you doing today Brett how you
like in New Jersey I love it before I
mean it's like very like st. in it
now back at home it's like snowing right
now and here's like miss me a little
cold and rainy but I'd really like
Bursar's we thought they had some vegan
mac and cheese which is so good
like a breakfast quesadilla and a soup
right kombucha some other snacks for
later
what page where are we right now
a part called wild yonder it's in New
Jersey right by the board of New York
and literally no one is here right now
so they're like perfect photoshoot
weather so we're going to take some pics
shot soaking so cool hard to take am
adding this box even know we don't have
those in Colorado let's get him
there it is oh it's so cute I can keep
up with it
hey whoa you just found a little bridge
with all these little things on them go
to what they are though it's right by
this - there's so many of them you don't
know what those are keys I don't know
they might be moving inside this I mean
they may be like we're forced out of it
yeah oh yeah you know man
it was so awesome exploring that Park I
love nature and now taking another stop
at conscious fork what is this what
yo can weed as their bathroom has an
upstairs port
should we go explore now I'm just
kidding thank you only oh man those
awesome had some great chat good food so
you spend like most the time just
chatting about life is so awesome really
good conversations we're talking about
friends and how important it is to have
good influences around you and good
people so guys make sure you all making
good decisions in life having good
friends is that right Keith I'm Ivette
we just got done with a workout didn't
film it but we are here at the pool and
it is so sweet
check this out they got an aquarium over
here let's go take a closer look at this
actually
such a cool cool fish in here by the way
where we're staying this is like a ski
resort in New Jersey there's no snow
right now but I thought I was so random
but there's actually a resort yeah they
got the that's like an ice pond and then
I Jacuzzi a pool out there so we're just
going to kick it in here relax for the
rest of the night
okay I'm contemplating dipping in this
pond
very cold like I teeth should I go on
the iPhone
I support it on even on camera it looks
cold
it's like glowing light yeah you got
your waist right now
fifty-five degrees
you got to share the torture
Oh
do you know your full height
whole body's numb now well telly website
Keith is trying it now he hasn't done
this in years
all right the ladies are trying it
oh so go go go go come on yeah all back
from the pool that was awesome what's on
the menu for dinner folks yeah we got
eggs for days it looks like chicken it
looks like chicken but don't be fooled
because it's always vegan in the south
these are Nuggets is it chicken nuggets
look I'll just crack one open for you it
looks it tastes it shoes just like
chicken
you should be the vegan salesman vegan
facts with Keith and we've been
destroying this hummus over here oh boy
it is midnight now we're going to
probably get some sleep get up and then
whoa the project that we flew out here
for begins tomorrow so come back
tomorrow we'll tell you all about the
project I can tell on that no they have
to come back tomorrow also I wanted to
do something I wanted to start talking
about what we're all thankful for at the
end of each vlog each day
so Brittany what were you then for for
today oh I'm thankful for the fact that
there are people on the other side of
the screen that support us and that
believe in us
the people on like this other side of
the screen are allowing me to like
follow my dream so that's that's very
good be thankful for that yeah today I
am very thankful for rainy weather
although it's not my favorite it's
always a good nice change just being
able to explore the nature and just the
misty cold weather I'm thankful for that
I mean like our my mind was deeper
I'm just talking about today
specifically like you know like I just
want to read it no no but yours is like
so like easy a mile is like really deep
that's good okay so I want to hear in
the comments what you guys are thankful
for today just it can be anything really
random small big it doesn't matter but I
think it's important to end the day and
begin the day with Thanksgiving because
there's a lot to be thankful for guys if
you really think about it so hope you
guys have had a great day so far and
enjoyed this vlog we'll see you back
here tomorrow good bye
