hey guys welcome back to the blog oh man
Brittany and I woke up super early this
morning about 5:30 because we had a 6:15
workout class so you know pretty tired
didn't film it obviously but it's about
it's about lunchtime right now and we've
just been enjoying the day chilling out
and enjoying warm weather while it lasts
because it's supposed to snow tomorrow
and also we're just trying to enjoy our
free time here at the house because as
you guys know in like less than a week
we are traveling again we're going to
New York and California in Las Vegas and
so I am super excited about traveling
again I've been like loving traveling so
much and it's just going to be fun to do
a little more exploring and work on some
projects will tell you guys about that
as it happens and yeah so probably just
going to kick it for a little bit then
we're going to go get some coffee and
explore
another rainy day here in New York but
we are leaving our flights at 4:55 we
had to check out of our place at 11:00
so we're trying to go do something but
we have our luggage and it's raining
outside so I don't know what we're going
to be able to do there's a Best Buy
right up ahead I think we're going to go
inside and take a look
here's the upgrade of this camera Justin
has this one book I need to upgrade at
some point because I've dropped this
camera so many times the audio is
starting to get sort of messed up
so at some point I might need to
upgrading my way can we get home to
locate cameras
now it's off the museum oh thank you we
are here at loyal coffee like a techno
worked out earlier feeling a bit tired
eh how you feeling sick
Britt is working on a special project
guys so we're here just chatting about
it I can't wave you guys to see
everything that she's doing and you want
to give like a hint and you could be
involved so stay tuned we'll keep you
updated the Kathy was awesome as always
how do you like yours you feel better
yeah I'll feel better until hyped
well height Britney is now driving
because she's taking us to this really
cool place she found that I haven't been
to because we're going to do like a
little Instagram photo shoot mission
maybe down well a little rain never hurt
anybody
never mind that wasn't the entrance
around
Oh what do you know huge lines again
I think all of our clothes are pretty
much soaked now Museum
today's vlog will be titled The
Adventures of suitcase
all the adventures of suitcase continued
and I allowed to bring a suitcase into
the museum and they won't hold it for
you either who kind of find a hotel
they'll let us hold two kids there so
we're done with the museum we had to
leave for the airport in like an hour so
I don't think we have enough time to
even do the museum
so I guess I'll have to do it next time
through my clothes and my took backpack
I probably have about three ounces of
water on me
we have time to sit down and get food if
you want let's check the weather in
Denver we land about say the clock ish
perfect so some time for the snow again
please to take the time out to look at
you boys only important cause well it's
not snowing yet Denver which is nice
because we have to drive home but it
might start snowing before we get there
we'll see
here we are it uh the camera is not
doing it justice but got a cool view and
Britney she had a sweet dress on Cameron
over there grew up alright now we're
doing some pictures it's just Justin
getting some cool portrait shots
we're definitely earthing though today
hurt it's just crazy that Colorado is
full of so much nature I really want to
this year explore more of nature and
just like what we have in this state
because there's a ton of places that we
haven't been to yet like up in Denver
that I really want to show you guys and
I just want to experience so be on the
lookout for some more really cool vlogs
stepping up our game this year
feel like I'm breathing my last breath
feel like I'm walking my lastest look at
all of West here will show you guys
quick preview us on the pics we got we
got we're rocking the what is this the
85 millimeter on the Canon but yeah
that's a pretty cool location great
that's a good job you did chunk and then
got some fur and then us together oh you
probably see some of these on our
Instagram says yeah alright we're back
downtown there's Nick the glowing beam
over there hey dork
uh-oh yeah Nick's always wearing his
work clothes because he gets done
filming cause here with Caleb there's a
pizza place down here yeah we actually
haven't blogged much with Caleb or Nick
have we have you been in the video so
much didn't it everyone oh well yeah
they're going to be in it more because
we've been hanging out with some tons
and just yeah there's been binos urban
pizzeria I saw this online I wanted to
try it so looks pretty sweet you how's
work
BAM that's good look excited for this
yeah
well wait like the Chipotle of Pizza
channel
thank you oh my goodness
I literally got like every single
ingredient on this thing and we could be
perfectly all right now let's enjoy
delicious one word how good was the
pizza how would you rate at one to ten
on for the festival's to amuse people
boy I use more than one word is that
good okay we're going back to loyal
coffee because Nick and Caleb haven't
been there I'm not going to get another
copy oh I'm gonna get like a kombucha
dance blue to the cap so the parking
lots not too big
looks like caleb has nowhere to park
uh-oh where is he gonna park folks
where you gonna park what we're gonna
park dude I don't know well if you later
and we're inside he still can't find a
parking spot for Caleb so I got a
hibiscus rose tonic not really sure what
it is but it's pretty good actually
Britany already getting to work on
editing the pics yeah how we're going to
close this one
oh here you are thank you no thank you
fine sir yes so every week we have a
young adult group that we go to and
tonight is the weekly night with them
you have it so we're here at the church
waiting for Jesus to arrive
Brittany and I are leaders here it's
really fun time if you guys aren't
getting out the don't scream or just in
a group in general I totally encourage
you guys to you know maybe go to your
local church and see if they happen to
like eat groups or something like that
it's helped us so much grow as people
and just the community is so important
good okay welcome to the well well I
snowed a bunch yesterday and today it's
nice and warm and sunny he didn't even
tell the snowed yesterday I guess not a
lot you can tell a little bit right
there it's in the shade but it's nice to
be home
New York was awesome I'm so glad we were
able to go out there I just wish it
wasn't so expensive because I would love
to stay longer so I have to go back
again but just such a fun city you've
heard did you miss us Buford
who so group was fantastic as always now
are uning catch up on Amazing Race the
new season just aired and I love that
show Brittany 9 so good but we
appreciate you guys coming back and
watching and hanging out with us hope we
kept you entertained in yeah we just
appreciate you see you back here
tomorrow for another vlog goodbye
