thank you really
surely you can't be serious I am serious
we're seeing the statue today just rang
her to make our boat we were late but
area tickets tickets please it's
supposed to be warmer today and it's not
yet +4 by the water something's a little
bit colder I've been wanting to go on
another cruise
Oh smack yeah
Garrett lost his legs up it was very hot
crunchy that's fine not the real town
but sorry bud
guys it's the statue so small on camera
right now we'll get closer I promise
hello Joe walk like a dream and yes the
Sun is coming out yeah best spot of the
boat the wind it all blocked off there's
freeze
I'm trying to take a picture is money
this group of ladies look into the
picture they stick the brutal piece to
camera it's ok folks is the selfie
sisters which is warm
interested what number tell the kids all
dates I think it's most recognizable
symbol okay happy a person really have
books and gets we should get one of
these for prank video no no prank videos
like no that's right for us especially
around this jankoji different he just
telling people like what they're going I
got thank you
Oh what is that she's just so chubby
we're going to go check out Ellis Island
now but glad we got to see the Statue I
think that was one of the main reasons
why I wanted to come to New York to see
the statute yeah I always wanted to see
it we did
I know
you think
head central
I was
you
new vlog camera I want to try that
this should be really fun because search
by the kids
I know I don't know a ton about our
family's history but I do know that the
sea in our last name was added later so
I don't know what point they did that
something similar with Mary's family
they added a letter they changed I have
it changed a letter it was kind of
common back then go we're coming to
cities there are I've gotta keep drawn
does that mean she's a b-52 said this
sites relative George arrived on my
birthday
behind 1894 this might be the main and
different spelling all right this one
better don't you know I had better be
these are cool Italy I might be from
Mary side Klaus fun I think we found
more non-relatives feel relative it's
pretty hard to just find that 30-minute
all let's figure it out yeah
we need some food very hungry out here
has no
apparently a lady fell off this boat
check the date
another event on my birthday oh my yeah
we're checking out the 9/11 memorial Wow
here's the second one this is a cool
building occupancy
with the awesome
trains I think advisor driving the city
I would go insane I saw this video on
Facebook of a store in New York City
that sells cookie dough like ice cream
scoops I was like what and then we
decided to come here and we're trying to
find it right now
for close oh my goodness how long does a
line like that usually takes go oh man
well see you next time cookie dough oh
you don't eat everything here has huge
lines well that just goes to show you
just come up with a unique idea and
people will show up
pretty excited we solved the jacket
problem I'm ready for the cold
apparently Katy nice tat is having some
sort of event and it's putting a couple
blocks away from where we're staying so
we're gonna go check it out see what
it's all about
but complaining yeah everyone can bite
exercise Tom tweeted out like yesterday
like hello my big moment
Samson you snacking at a peasant oh yeah
yeah
we got to find some more snacks
interface
a little burger
big ones upstairs in some stuff
Wow very cool PR stuff going on
we've been inside for about 40 minutes
there's still a line of people out there
trying to get in
and
this pretty cool guys
come
oh hey all of the creators of front and
this always design around creators and
in Canary my readership
Whitney in the game is being one wing
and living freely and essentially
walking just got back from the event had
no idea what to expect but wow that was
fun just come back from the event had no
idea what to expect but wow that was
hard and I gave us these takeaway bags
which we're going to find out what's
inside right now so this is unbox your
phone
all right take a little booklet oh maybe
if you're like dancin metal there was a
party afterwards - I was like I just
kind of want to relax yeah we can party
where's yours
let's party
okay party's over kind of tired but very
hungry so we're going to go out get some
feet kind of tired but very hungry so
we're going to go out get some feet kind
of tired but very hungry so we're going
to go out get some feet since this dark
outside we got to use our handy
bracelets I can see everything
Wow
oh I was like pizza pizza huh and that's
it for the vlog today hope you enjoyed
it see you back here tomorrow
have a great night and the Samsung event
the whole campaign is called do what you
can't
so I think it's a great concept and guys
do what you can't
don't give up and we'll see you back
here tomorrow Pizza
