well how do it back to Moore Jase -
thank you so much for coming and
watching this vid that we have for you
today yep we got a phone one today so in
a previous vlog we mentioned Andrew and
I that we for fun
want to dye our hair an interesting
color
have you ever dyed your hair before yes
I've dyed my hair at least two colors
blonde and black I've I bleached my hair
once so kind of blonde really not that's
it
I believe so you've never done anything
else than that no so alright and that
concludes the interview now we're at the
store here Sally Beauty Supply so let's
go inside and see what they get hey
everyone
for you and I might show up just cause
you're light I have to bleach my head so
that's permanent so guys we didn't
realize that in order for this hair
color stuff to work like all these
colors you have to first bleach her hair
yeah she said like some of them would
show up they would just be really really
light like but in order to actually see
colors like this our hair or even like
this here this it has to be bleached by
these things I'm actually like not
opposed to that because they
so I've never really called my hair to
be fun experience I know hair grows fast
it goes back a wet anyway so it's like I
was gonna get a haircut anyway so it'd
be like a lot shorter anyways Wow
so which colors do you like I was
reading your guys's comments we hadn't
read your comments we had you yep and I
saw blue I think blue why the blue is
that weird or if it's too dark is that
weird I don't even know like your
bohemian this is aqua or sky-blue this
is too awkward so there's a few comments
there's like the white grayish pot
colors but it's just hard to say guys
it's like you're saying white like this
white like wait wait that I don't know
or you're talking like snow cap
Oh cap could work I see white ooh wow I
see white whoa wish I could just like
see what it looks like it's right try it
on real quick yeah Andra and I have been
doing some editing got the prank right
here you probably seen our videos
already
no eating chips and watching both videos
but one thing we forgot is gloves we
can't do this excuse me
Oh your toys up there cuz we need gloves
to touch this stuff so let's go King
Soopers they got what we need are these
don't know what do you got hurry get
these gloves out of there but we have a
special guest that's helping us today
yeah
because obviously and I can't do this by
ourselves so well I guess we could but
we don't wanna die Britney's helping us
cuz you've done this before haven't you
all the time yeah and read at once I
didn't twice
whenever myself I think it really funny
you guys did do it for each other
you were like help you know I'd be scary
maybe paint we're about to get started
we have the products out different bowls
I make sure it's beginning eliminate mix
a refreshing green apple fragrance Jolly
Ranchers oh my nose I could be glue my
grass smells okay I'm starting cuz I
have to do two rounds of this bleaching
here's how nervous are you right now sir
zero
I am not nervous at all what that mean
we you should like you should okay well
you're kind of like done now but like if
I drop something on your usual I get
hell yeah tear head back yeah you look
so gorgeous
thank you it's all the good the back
your hair is like white is it burning
you it's probably gonna burn yes
Oh weird your dream all right done all
right start the timer I give you
permission to hurt my ears
oh yeah well they got glob in your hand
or the mask freedom oh now you can
actually breathe you a dope well I'm in
the middle right now yeah yeah I make
sense what makes these two colors
together to make filming yes just
another day at the office books you send
over those memos as soon as you can
right yeah I'm working on it now and
I'll send a survey to rod thank you I
can definitely tell in the back here is
like blonde dude the back
I can make definitely tell why is the
backs of blonde
I don't even just like the front can't
we tell that much all yours doesn't look
either I come behind no I think if you
have it numerically it's like darker so
it's just like a different tone of
bleach what I don't know it's not like
it on longer if my hair it comes out to
be purple her oh my goodness oh my
goodness
fast all right there you go man you will
never make a good Baker I don't baby
anyway yellow
yeah we're chicken oh my gosh this is
like bringing back high school Judith
Harris boy yeah those nuts but it's like
even worse now it's in high school we
didn't have any facial hair so it's just
like blonde now it's like our heroes are
gonna be get ready for the reveal
yeah my goodness
justin is now doing a toner which I
think just changes like the tone of the
bleach to more of a Grampa silver been
so after this another 15 minutes with
this at men he'll put the collar Diane
and so I'm gonna mix these two colors
together the Aqua and the sky-blue to
create a different pink Oh
like I say greenish it's like a subtle
difference yeah it's been 45 minutes so
it's Andrews time to take it off I'm
curious to see what this is all right oh
he's drying his hair now see how blonde
it is we'll see soon wow that is so
surprising I'm so happy so wow you look
like a different person now really yeah
do what you think oh my gosh did you dye
your hair like this color when you were
in high school didn't come out like this
blonde though it was like still it kind
of red yeah with your beard - it's like
what style right yep any difference may
be true I of it I mean I can a little
bit I think I think yeah that looks so
weird
my she is I quite tough like this orange
putting like cake batter in his head
such blue hair well so and then he
goodbye dye his beard pain can be the
cotton candy boy blue yes
white me up all right here comes it's
like metallic yes they're gonna be the
Silver Surfer there's actually it looks
like a little hints of blue almost it's
like might a lucky blue gray yeah
final stretch guys let this sit for a
few more minutes wash it out and OH
final product you ready I'm ready you
got the shampoo here I'm like waiting
for the blue to come out Oh No so we got
some lavender shampoo there we go guys I
changed the white balance so you can see
everything a lot better it was on like
sunny white balance warm
Wow yes dude once you dry it it's gonna
be like the turquoise came out like more
like you're turning around
look at that let me focus well so is it
like cool and kind of cool you got like
a cool you got like turquoise it looks
kinda like it's like darker blue right
here and then like in certain areas it's
like just tell me it looks cool it looks
cool
oh wow whoa guys the final product
yes epic all right wash your hair out
well we see Gramps come out what is it
you can't tell on camera but it's like a
little whiter let me dry and - yeah yeah
white white but she was say I can tell
like it's definite like grey but no no
she was saying like you needed to bleach
it like a few times so you get the super
white so maybe you just need to do more
bleach haha
it looks so weird now it looks like it
got like blue heat blueish hue yes I was
thinking oh I wanted white what I mean
look at my hair for pete's sake well
Aires there guys let's get a close-up
look here it's weird my hair is like
changers changes like they can different
lighting I've seen green blue like it's
kind of blonde on the sides here yeah
like wow and there's dangers and it's
just pure blue yeah and then also like
if we're you shampoo and the showers and
stuff well our hair go back to like
blonde sounds like I think once all the
colors garnish
I don't know I never done this before
Wow but my shower this morning is pretty
blue my fingers bigger like blue that's
from I can kind of tell me doing the
shampoo afterwards they died my yeah
just close up it looks like almost
grandpa but this is this is our new
style for at least a week yeah that was
a fun experience cuz you know you only
live once it's just hair guys it's no
big deal
if you guys want to do it go for it it's
fun guys give this video like so many
likes and may we may consider future
colors in the future yeah who knows but
you gotta give this video like like if
me and Andrew died each other's hair
like do the mystery color challenge like
mix them we have a bunch ideas anyways
that's just a sample of our ideas yeah
but that's that thanks for hanging with
us today we ll see you tomorrow
