yes we are in New York City it is spring
break for Mary and we were trying to
decide where we wanted to go and both of
us have never really been in New York
City before we were here for one night
when we were on the Meredith Vieira show
but we didn't really get to see the city
that much so we're going to be here till
Friday and let's check out this sweet
apartment we're saying it front door
umbrella for when it starts raining
which it probably will coming here the
TV there's the bathroom
this epic fireplace I mean look at that
guy
pretty nice kitchen
and over here's the bedroom yeah but
what's really cool about this apartment
is this whole building used to be a
giant house and then I guess some time
they decided to split it all up into an
apartment because you can see right
there this used to be an opening to go
into another room so they boarded that
up and made this kitchen thing and like
this floor this fireplace this mirror
all original parlor room so cool
original stuff hundreds of years old
kind of tired to be honest we got up
like 2:45 this morning our flight was at
6 a.m. from Denver but yeah we're hungry
too so we're going to go explore and
find the restaurant let's go check out
this view wait what foggy
check out
up Wow there's the view I'm going to
like chilly patio down there plus you
can hear the birds you can buy if you go
out okay let's go Oh like a hundred
locks on this thing there yeah you got
it okay
we're secure hey everybody welcome back
to vlogs we were officially back here in
America in our hometown of Colorado Oh
always nice coming home but that trip
was sure amazing I hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog from Sri Lanka
but anyways Brittany and I are here at
Walmart for a very fun reason pretty why
don't you tell them what's going on um
so we're here because of it what is that
exact ancient artifact for our honeymoon
so we took this and we took some
pictures it's kind of fun because it's
like you don't know what's in here so I
don't know why we've waited so long to
develop the pictures I know I think it's
cause like it was hiding in some boxes
but so this is like about two years old
because we got married about two years
ago a little over two years ago actually
is it gonna be right there yeah it'll
literally gonna be three years to me
three years this year yeah so this is
going to be close to three years old
it's so bad man were you're like I like
lose track cuz like I'm keeping track of
like how long I've known you and then
like how long we've been married let's
go and get these developed and we'll
show you guys what's on here I
completely forgot what even we pictures
we took so yeah oh by the way fun fact
Andrew and Mary left this morning for
New York so expect some really fun vlogs
from them I'm not even sure what they're
gonna be doing but yeah
you spent the weekend in Breckenridge
going snowboarding which was really fun
Mary actually did her first black run so
super impressed Thanks I five bad huh
just once I sell and then I was like
flipping downhill and I couldn't get up
the snow was kind of slushy it was like
really warm in the 40s but yeah so it's
a big change of scenery we were driving
back there was it just pure nature no
buildings no anything now we're in the
most buildings ever it's awesome because
this apartment is right next to Central
Park so look we're already here
Oh workout friends when we were first
planning a trip we looked up the Plaza
Hotel from home alone we really wanted
to stay there but I think one night was
like 600 bucks right something like that
five six hundred seven hundred bucks a
night I'm like oh
the creature really just going to sneak
up on guy she's going to get them oh the
Museum of Natural History what it's like
neither the museum so times are changing
this they can't develop here anymore so
we have to send it off and this thing oh
they do have it but you just have to
actually have a memory card which this
doesn't okay
I was hoping we could have picked them
up today and open them today for you
guys but about a week I think we'll get
Maxim let's not too bad trying to find
oh I see it
trying to find Shake Shack which is
right there we're just trying to plan
what you want to do for the week over
here so if you have any suggestions be
sure to leave a comment shake shack have
you ever been here before
I think the trashman comes and gets that
that was delicious luck it was so good I
had to get seconds where where are we
getting some quick snacks knows that Hey
Oh hummus
okay we are back home now got all
showered up and ready for the day Daisy
how you doing just so you guys know will
you have to take Daisy to the vet the
other day she has an ear infection so we
have to give her some medicine in her
ears but she seems to be doing okay in
other news I'm super excited because
right now we ordered a bed frame for our
bed we ever showed you guys our veteran
that much but this is our room where we
sleep pretty sweet
this is our bed this has been on the
ground since we moved here we haven't
bought a bed frame so finally we went to
American furniture warehouse and were
like it's time to get things going here
and we got a pretty awesome bed frame I
must say so they should be delivering it
here shortly within the hour
and they're going to set it up for us
and I'll show you guys what it looks
like hello it's just going to make this
room look a lot better with the actual
frame and one more update to this house
since we moved in our oven hasn't been
working I this guy it turns on and
everything but it never heats up so
finally a appliance electrician is
coming by and hopefully we'll get it
fixed
or tell us we may have to get a new one
because before I did actually call an
electrician and
he came by and he couldn't fix it so I
was like for pete's sake
this isn't IKEA oven so makes a lot of
sense why it's being so complicated
well what I want to know is what's up
there that looks like a fun hangout
fourth why and I will see what's up
there
whoa check out this ceiling though I
didn't even realize it oh we were
packing late last night and for some
reason I forgot to pack pyjamas a heavy
jacket pair of shorts well so I forget
to pack gain no board games this is the
only jacket I have I have a few other
sweaters but I think we need to go
shopping tomorrow you're getting cold
understand and you have so much clothes
in there and all I don't know what you
have I don't know either
any iodine is on Netflix are you kidding
me
serve can you please stop going on in
there
yes okay they just left it's all done oh
yes this is perfect
we really like this white headboard whoa
whoa whoa up I just let her out because
we put her away when the peeps were here
would complement these black dressers
and then we're going to get like
something to pun besides how do you feel
about that date well awesome next up is
the appliance guy he should be here in a
minute and hopefully get this oven the
old situated all right he just left
looks like the problem was this thing
right here it broke because I'm a
self-cleaning cycle it melted it come on
we did we did do that though but like a
$300 repair
so moving on we're getting a lunch
tonight here whoa we're getting lunch
right now
Adams Mountain Cafe we've been here
before literally be best li best food
and they all use local organic good you
know the deal
I'm here with Curtin
and Nick well it's starting hey guys you
excited for workout tonight
yeah
but we just joined Orangetheory again me
and Brittany used to go there and now
this man joined we're going to give them
up yeah we're going to be on the ground
again me Brittany where I CrossFit and
we're like it was good but we just
missing so I'm going to be a little
higher tonight
whoa-ho-ho thank you only better more
water lunch was so good me and make up a
salad and look where you got the
vegetable entree
but now we've had that what is this oh
cool
it's yerba mat√© a shop and we got some
drinks pretty good stuff I think I'm
going to end the vlog here guys it's
about a good day hope you have had a
great day and just know that each and
every one of you has a purpose you're so
unique and you're loved
now we'll see you back here tomorrow
good bye
