huh hey guys welcome back to the blog
and before we start today's vlog we want
to have Sam inform you guys on something
about compassion Sam so you know they
say not to like hold your phone the
technology is yes so you want to take a
quick second let you guys know you go to
compassion calm busting it's a way like
looking at myself up here but you're not
your complexion yeah the view looks
right there okay so go to compassion
calm /j sue link is down in the bio in
the description the next three people we
people
yes monster to sponsor child we're going
to give yourself but don't just sponsor
to get the shout out right like that
monster ship is a commitment it's a
monthly commitment that will help you
build a relationship with the child
living in poverty here in Sri Lanka the
commitment is a big deal don't take it
lightly but it can make a huge
difference in the life of a child why is
the commitment so important yeah I mean
it's not just a one-time deal right like
we're trying to build commitment through
relationship with uh with the kids in
the Indian country because the
relationship is it has to be strong it's
supposed to be done relationship served
our our powerful thing
stronger throughout relationship that
you build as a child the more
encouragement that you give the more
love that you that use then the greater
the chances that this child will be
encouraged to help recycle as possible
the more you tell them about Jesus the
more than show Christ's love the better
yes so guys join this movement making
the world a better place click the link
in description check it out and thanks
for sharing that damn yeah you but we
are exploring the city with this main
city area of Sri Lanka before we go and
why to have elephant here in the middle
of the city court
happening
whoa
I like it
oh well well I'll have any money so okay
well I was going to say it's unfortunate
that this health inches in the middle of
the city they have it like chained on
two legs like I'm not sure why but the
temple Oh temple elephant still though
know that oh this way yay thank you
they have a lot of cheese in this
section oh really
t-there okay oh whoops focus was more
heals like wow Watsky okay this is the T
section yeah many flavors you find
something injured is this is a custom
posture is a riddle
wow that's so cool I'm more than twice
I found this little journal elephant
dung paper products may have elephant
down in post consumer paper
what do you again yeah we're finding a
lots of cool things here some journals
like a purse already found some on the
liberal side copy I can out of work or
local market now we're gonna try some of
the local food places I think like a
local tree Sri Lankan food
hey we made it
Wow oh thank you Tom check out the
buffet food items sure here I do not
know crab curry whoa
yes I don't be too adventurous a little
plane ride coming out right I don't know
a coconut bird it looks like a pig
what in the front okay guys we have a
the rest of the day to chill out here at
the hotel before we have our flight
night three and we leave at 9:00 so
we're getting a quick workout in at the
gym with these beauties which is insane
and then we're going to go to the pool
afterwards but we have to sleep on this
next flight
we're trying to get tired I've been
really wanting to work out again as well
as you guys much-needed
okay we're all done with workout
how was it good damn you were sweating
the whole evening that interview yeah
but tell me right now I'll write the
pool this is a great pool right yeah
infinity pool broken open this insane
getting a mess right off Shane
definitely been on my bucket look to be
in an infinity pool from the top of the
building
how's it feel to be up here when the Sun
Goes Down nice this is like Kennish yeah
all the other pools we've been in have
been like toppled
man that pool is relaxing I also got to
read and just watch the sunset but
goodbye room you've been good to us
Sri Lanka time to go to the airport well
we are all packed up ready to leave Sri
Lanka bye
this has been one of the most incredible
experiences of my life and talk about it
more later so we got to get downstairs
but yeah I'm a little Airport we just
waited to security but fun fact laptops
are now banned indefinitely from like
these foreign countries because recently
there was like apparently a bomb went
off because of somebody's laptop in an
airplane
go get that situated we're all good
yeah
Wow
Sri Lanka this trip was definitely one
of the most eye-opening experiences I've
ever done in my life it's kind of hard
to process everything that happened and
everything we saw and just being in a
completely different culture than what
we're used to I wish there was a way we
could communicate and share all the
stories that happen on this trip but the
only way for that to be possible is for
you to go out and make your own stories
and experiences I just want to give a
couple final thoughts about this trip I
think the best word to describe the
overall experience
is perspective I have a real heart for
kids and our generation of youth so it
was really hard for me to see kids over
there and what their living situations
were like and just sort of the poverty
level they're living in it was really
heartbreaking in a day give a whole new
perspective on what's happening in my
own life and what's going on my house
and neighborhood and our city and it's
just it's really hard to see that
happening other parts of the world we
also got to hear the testimony of two
maybe three people local people in Sri
Lanka which I thought was one of my
favorite parts of this trip because I
didn't even know that we were going to
be able to hear testimonies from people
local in the area so when we first got
to hear one I was really excited seeing
as they're in a completely different
setting different part of the world just
knew that there are stories we're going
to be a little bit different than the
stories I hear on in my neck of the
woods in Colorado and as I gave their
testimonies and talked about their
stories and what they were going through
even though their situations might be
different than the situations we see
back in America here the best part was
that God's love was still the same it
was still the same even in different
setting situations and I just thought
that was so amazing
that's definitely going to be one of the
positives I'm taking away from this trip
but yeah our trip there went by really
fast the traveling there and back did
not go by very fast just so thankful
that we were able to go on this Thank
You compassion for having us there doing
some amazing stuff but I'm looking
forward to our next trip and that leads
me to my next point which I haven't
announced yet but meri and I are going
on another mission strip in June to
Rwanda we're going with our church we're
taking the youth group over there to do
some stuff it's going to be in the
beginning of June and looking forward to
that is going to be a great time bring
you guys along with us I think that's
all first Srilanka great trip
