I welcome back to vlogs thank you
today's Sundays we're going to church
they have the church service at the
project for an yesterday for me super
fun who's excited oh I'm so excited like
Virgil hokhmah how the internet here is
so slow economy upload want to show you
guys going on hopefully you can hope you
guys have said you upset possible I'll
show you a picture of the upload speed
that I got from my room
Wow 1.6 download and then just absolute
zero upload Wow Church this is the first
ever we wanted Church experience yay
my name is Hannah Gibbons in daily life
he asked unity from Yemen Heavenly
Father thank you for the Bible hey all
the boys in the back like it so we're
getting on the bus with our free weights
gonna go play at the park
thank you
like to be back you back there come on
Rhea want yes one more seat go to the
evaluator thinking the kids are sponges
the part plane this is going to be fun
something you think you be excited to
the Berkshire Lily hello
a very packed button children Park stuck
in a dream all right
lab partner getting pushed by the kids
yeah I know this is this is nice got to
swing on the swings but I wasn't filming
but I was swinging on the swings with
chill me as I said adults can't play on
like these four swings I'm like but it's
okay by the way it is like insanely hot
like I feel like it's even hotter than
before you think okay like my arm I
don't know if you can tell but it's like
really red and very sweaty
I don't know how hot is I'll check later
at the hotel bit
wearing jeans also is making it even
hotter but it's more respectful if we
wear when you wear jeans like church
projects and you don't show your
shoulders and stuff so
check out this treehouse court to go up
the staircase into the tree it's done I
said I could go up here I'm not gonna
say let's not hold my water doesn't give
a flat really aha yes once you get past
the stairs of death the cool house up
here to see everyone fine dad okay it's
Jody's birthday tonight and they got a
cake for her we got a cake so she's
coming right now force the bride yes
this would be fun she's the team leader
by the way
I don't we have the ladies no I'm having
home everybody cheering I finally made
it up here I'm so glad to be up here
what's the coolest for it couldn't we
like sleep over here yeah whatever out
we've even gotten light but we're at a
time when you're talking about those
stairs - yikes
yeah you have be careful about them
these guys are wearing sandals like what
the heck another one one one at a time
it break
Wow let me get down low me give you a
rebus now everyone's getting out the bus
actually my adios - bye - goodbye Oh
what did we hit how the soil has warmed
just got back to the room check it out
how cool this is
so romantic
they'd built the little bird towels with
all the flowers we're getting closer to
sunset so we're going to go out and go
to the ocean again play in the pool and
then we got dinner of course well guys
thank you so much for coming back and
watching these Sri Lanka vlogs and
hanging out with us today was obviously
just a great day and it was also sad to
say goodbye to orchids but it's okay I'm
just very thankful we got to even spend
time with them so but great news since
we last talked we have 13 new kids who
are now sponsored because of you guys
and I think that is so cool like thank
you guys so much you are making a
difference in these kids lives and to
have 13 if you guys jump on board and
say yes I want to be a part of something
bigger and better and help some lives
out oh man it makes me so excited and I
hope you're excited if you did sponsor a
kid I encourage you to write letters to
these kids it's so important it makes
them feel so valued and to know that a
simple letter being sent from you if you
sponsor a kid can really make them feel
loved and like worth and it's just fun
to have like you know a pen pal and
watch them grow up so write some letters
I want to give a shout out to all you
guys who did sponsor so let's just
quickly go through this Kevin from
Pittsburgh to sponsorships mark from
Colorado Lauren from Pennsylvania to
sponsorships one sponsorship from shafts
lon we got Keith from Ohio Ryan from
Minnesota Terry from Virginia Natalie
from London sweet Callie from
homes are you sure and we got one Accela
from California wow guys again thank you
thank you thank you I'm speaking on
behalf of these families you guys are so
cool and it's cool to see some you guys
sponsoring two kids but before you go I
also I'll leave a link the second link
in the description is Brittany's blog
post
she just uploaded from this trip and she
has a bunch of great pictures she took
like all the little kids and stuff and
and she wrote blur a little like segment
about it I encourage you guys all to
read and check out her link as well and
on her blog make sure you subscribe to
it as well this Beamer both of our links
and Britney's links are the only link
that you can sponsor these kids through
so please go check out the link check
out her blog and check out Britney's
link and I am like I said I'm so happy
you guys are a part of this journey and
making the world a better place we can
all make the world a better place
together so I hope you feel encouraged
to sponsor kid today and we'll see you
back here tomorrow
more good blogs have a great day see you
soon goodbye
you
