big morning guys from Sri Lanka Wow we
can see outside now I know there are
many cars drive by whoa that thing
there's so many of these little guys I
don't know what they're called but
they're fun
where are all our different options I
call them jib jabs Murray called them
tap-tap would you go to color lower
stars and what time is it sold and like
almost nine o'clock in the morning 9:00
yet so we're still eating breakfast here
soon on the bus on our way to these
activities sample two hours of sleep
folks whoa
it's that big Oh take a look you
remember this man
I remember that man yeah
is it are you ready to take a look at
that
unboxing Oh whooping Enya Java cookies
crackers juice for me more colorful mark
yep
where'd you get those damn bro he
readily happy it can be doing two naps
at once I don't know I'm going you
somebody will you oh yeah I want to see
that
sometimes like chicken curry
there's no burgers make that hit stop at
Food City I'm going to look for some
light water bottles
look shocking up pull hot and spicy
what what yes I am a good man I wanna
smash some choco blood yeah I love that
this is my new face real yeah what oh I
was looking for a snack
the spray and bug should stay with us
please
their dengue fever here and Zika virus
because only gain deceiving
I can see bugs flying around now back
off they're doing something there's a
hold card
I was incredible bring what that once it
was up basically it was a plate what do
you put it
that was a good hint the compassion
offices here all these records school
they're building more classroom for the
kids right here yeah I love this
construct on the bottom here say it's
because of people donating to compassion
and through the church there's Billy
Moore classroom education yes now
sacrifice max what are these you have
milk right this is a sweet but that's
coconut-based wheat over here and I'm
yet to find out what this is it's not
chocolate cake using a coconut
how people so it's rocking it okay this
is also sweet coconut snack
oh good
is super good
what what this area is like their church
for this project really cool I just like
to point out how hot it is here no we're
just inside I'm sweating bullets and
outside we didn't work there like a
basketball court people are playing
volleyball homily we didn't you stroke
your people
yeah we're driving by and the schools
are like doing track like her hold on
play Bible that was up sit down sir so
next up on today's agenda we're doing a
home visit mom kids to go to this
project here huh
the breeze feels nice appreciated thank
you thank you cloud baby pictures of his
file
soon my answers I said I have to go for
one year of the program and then so like
the first program where they help the
mom get a good start for their kids so
those are pregnant or have like a
newborn baby
thank you walk around
he got walk through my for them he
hasn't heard of the program and he made
something small for all of us
what
bye I think Justin wants to explain what
that play was is what I recall
consistency and hacking of all it was a
fun little play but certainly understand
- voiceover how'd you like to get it and
you get like a - feel yeah
just created for our hotel for a couple
days and whole week
at the beach in the ocean oh are you
guys ready for the coolest hotel room
tour come in here nice chill couch not
bad except a bed but the view is just
out of this world there's the pool right
there and the ocean and here your own
personal jacuzzi tub basically I'm
anxious it's huge
my shoes keep squeaking whoa really nice
sunset
ah back here for dinner
the buffets style
well that's the end of the vlog thanks
for watching today guys and by the way
shout out to Jared from Michigan he
sponsored two kids Wow from Srilanka not
just one too
so thank you bro for being a part of
this amazing journey and helping up
these kids tomorrow we're going to go
visit the kids so be sure to come back
and watch and if you want to sponsor go
for it the links right there in the
description it'll really help them out
guys so our goal is to get all of the
kids at this project sponsored and
there's about 10 to 15 of them who need
sponsor you can see all of them in the
link in the description and I think
that's totally good yeah you guys can do
it we're going to meet them tomorrow as
well so it's going to be great if you
guys do sponsor will give you guys a
shout out if you're not in charge of
your finances like you don't have a job
then go get your mom or dad right now
and say mom can we sponsor this kid
we'll leave you guys with that thanks
for watching today hit the like button
and come back tomorrow it's gonna be a
special alright bye ah dude hey
