hey everyone welcome back to vlogs so if
you've been tuning in to relative race
we have some behind the scenes and extra
footage from our point of view on the
show and we wanted to show you guys
episode 1 behind the scenes by the way
spoiler alert so if you haven't seen
that episode maybe watch this after you
watch episode 1 enjoy good morning guys
there's day two on relative race trip
adventure it was like the first time
being outside whoa would the camera got
all foggy hold on
look at that
very night very humid though got to get
back inside my camera all foggy so
initially we thought today we would
start the race but that's not the case
today we just have some meetings and
then tomorrow is the very first day of
the race so today we're going to go get
some breakfast
all right now we're going to go get some
breakfast down the street and then meet
up with some people so you're three bar
for breakfast alright and look what's
right next to our burger love this is
what we are looking for yesterday
really what a great breakfast Mac
through the meeting at 10:25 and we
walked so think back now
this so good just got done doing some
fun type of game thing they're gonna be
posting on social media during the show
so that'll be fun to watch again and
just going over a few things how was it
it was really fun I am your eyes
healthiness right I don't know when this
is going to be posted but they will see
it say messed up online right we did
oh yeah there's like what was destined
by if you drive any car what would it be
she said a GTA what is that I'm speaking
like I got the first two letters at GT I
should he said jakey you could have put
GTR but then she yes you can tell she
just knows a lot about car what do you
say oh yeah we prefer that we're going
to look at our cars but look how cute
the koalas are Hey so now we we just got
to what our car is going to be for the
show during the show and it's so cool
we got the green represent we got Kia
Soul we got blue team black team and
then red team's over there
so let's see what's inside
oh this is so fun
Oh
if it goes off accidentally because you
forgot okay so we'll get cozy here for a
minute um but it kind of - you're good
good would it talk about the origin from
woody I've never seen these cameras
before how are using dopost about to be
used in season one but these are
Marshall really cool stuff just want to
show you guys this I know a lot of you a
lot of our viewers are younger and may
have never even used the map both of us
have never used math but these are what
the maps look like it is so insane and
then for example let's let's go to
Florida
Britney and I have been looking at this
map a lot so it looks pretty chaotic
this is all Florida when you figure out
that we are here in Miami like right in
this area and so we're trying to figure
out where our net next stop is going to
be so let's go back to the United States
map here so we're down here say our next
stop is in Alabama I'm trying to figure
out which way would be the fastest to
get there which highway and I'm trying
to do that with all the different
options there's Georgia Mississippi
Louisiana even South Carolina but I'm
thinking we won't go too far so either
it be somewhere in here like a shorter
drive or be one of these states that
we'd be stopping in but as you can see
it could be kind of stressful looking at
this these maps so here's here's we are
currently so I've been just looking at
this for the lot of the day like
figuring okay so that's that little
island right there we have to get off
that little island and then come back
get on the 95 somehow and that's where
this local map is came in Andy they're
actually going to be providing us with
maps but it's good to have these local
maps so you can see more detailed of
what the city looks like that you're in
because here you can't see any streets
or anything so but here is a more detail
of Miami and we got some advice from the
concierge so get up here and you said
take exit 9 which not a lot of people
know about and get on the 75 so we have
a little in the know but I'm not still
it's like all this it's just
shot in the dark because we don't know
where we're going oh but I think we're
going to do really well guys it's now
about five o'clock and Brittney and I
are going to do our team green photo
shoot I don't know exactly where we're
going I think he said we're going to
walk around Miami so over there we both
got our same color shirts on
oh so this is been really fun yeah we're
gonna be able to post these pictures on
our social medias when the show starts
there I don't know if I'm going to bring
the camera da goes I'll probably leave
it but we'll be back soon
goodnight Florida we'll see you tomorrow
for day one a relative race the official
day one
well good morning guys it is officially
day one of relative race and right now
like 6 a.m. we just got up and got ready
and the nerves are starting to think in
it's actually happening today I have so
many thoughts going through my mind I
don't even know how to express them
properly but anyways I'm just packing up
all of our stuff right now my stuff
right now I want to show you guys we
brought snacks for the road we found
these the other day which look really
good epic protein you've got these
little things got 20 grams of protein so
we got four of those so we don't have to
like stop and if we're hungry Brittney
grab some of these while we are back
home
our X bar and then down here these are
like our favorite at least my favorite
dark chocolate almond bar 15 grams of
protein yeah they're pretty chewy but
they're really good we've got good
proteins good ingredients so I don't
know if any of the other teams are doing
this but we have been preparing we asked
the concierge the best way to exit
Florida the best highways times like we
have this notebook
like see we have this notebook we've
been taking a bunch of notes on I'm not
sure what the other kids were right now
or what they have been doing as when it
comes down to preparing but I think
we're ahead of the game
look how lightly packed I doubt any team
and just brought a backpack and here's
our compass what do you guys think this
is the only one I could find a Walmart
before we left
it's got a little too so we need help by
any people in the middle of the road
just bull whistle we're good to go
but they told us to stay in our room
until 7:00 and it's 6:15 right now so we
got 45 minutes just already another way
we're a little more prepared than the
other teams is we got breakfast a mini
breakfast we didn't buy all this but we
only can revoke this which is an acai
bowl which is perfect we got the powerup
on so it's got like walnuts bananas a
bunch of good like seeds careful I
remember Oaks show we're doing our best
to prepare and win this race okay we'll
keep you guys I don't know how we'll
keep you guys updated but I don't know
how much I'm going to be filming because
obviously if we're going to be racing I
can't film that much because I got a
focus how do you feel Bret I'm throwing
are you really I am too
once everything Wow I'll wait until you
guys yeah but Brittany's going to be
driving I'm going to be map reader yeah
I don't know if I ever this is so
confident and remap that I am NOT like
my senses your action issues
out there well luckily we have a compass
- we're just going to eating a little
bit and now we're just waiting for the
call not even fully bright out yet
beautiful
our producer Stephanie she just Texas is
a happy race day team just to remind
them to stay in your lovely room till
our ring which they're probably going to
call us here in four minutes or
something so I'm just going to put this
camera away and I'll get it back out
here and then you'll see in a second but
I have to keep put this away for now
they're guys we have to lead in the
first challenge as if there was a first
challenge but we have to dig in the sand
what do you think about aggressive
possible
so hot I'd never sweat so much behind if
you watched us coming yeah mostly plenty
but you want them to celebrate shirtless
tricky
ish we came in third in the challenge it
seems like they've done is my are keys
to the car little deeper everybody else
let me take a class right now we are on
i-95 pushing the route we are taking we
started down here in Miami
I highlighted it we're taking the i-95
all the way here maintain it so we open
our card your first destination is
demons before we have no idea whose
family lives here or
we have no idea so we're hoping this is
just a smooth drive it looks like is
Saturday there's no traffic which is
really cool we got the camera mounted up
right here like you saw the other day we
just done that with our snacks
and we're not going mad so I don't know
how long is this night has it get three
hours
which I think
we'll keep you guys updated so we are in
Brittany's ancestors house right now
we haven't blogged much I'm even know
what time it is honestly we've done so
much that we haven't filmed so we're
doing some interviews right now they're
in town and Brittany's distant cousin
okay we will introduce you guys later
but currently we're just doing
interviews and post stuff so that's not
laughing joking I can tell the students
are really adventurous this is something
I would totally do myself and I could
see that we have a connection through
joy for adventure well it feels really
good to lay down finally we've been up
since I'd say 4:45 five ish and now it's
12:30 midnight so we've been up all day
running around I'm probably sweat a
gallon of sweat my shirt was like
literally drenched two times today we
were covered in sand out in the Sun
almost overheating so it doesn't been
quite the adventurous first day I wish I
could have filmed more but I hope you
guys watched the first episode it was
such it's been such a good day like
seriously I bet that pisode it's gonna
the episodes are probably just going to
turn out so great and I'm excited to see
what the other team this went through
today but just to give you guys a quick
rundown of what happened we left Miami
and we are now I forgot where we are
exactly
so it's been a long day but we're here
at a relative's house now but before we
got to our relatives house we had to
find this city make it here without
losing direction which we did thankfully
and then once we got in the city we got
a clue to a challenge we have two
challenges today
the first challenge was we had to put on
these goofy goggles that made a seed
double vision and pass a soccer ball
back and forth and kick it in the goal
once we kick it in the goal we got our
next clue and once we got our next clue
things started to get a little being
started to go downhill we had to go in
this small little library which the
library was very small and we had to
find two books and it literally took us
45 minutes I'd say to find two books
which really cost us luckily we were
still the second fastest team today and
the Black team beat us by two minutes so
if we would just found this book even in
30 minutes we would have been in first
place and the black team knows that we
are a threat to them because that's what
they said so they sense black team came
in first they get to give us a penalty
of 10 minutes on our necks
tomorrow so Brittany and I really have
to make up time make sure we're on top
of it no mess-ups and complete the
challenges with speed and hopefully we
don't have run into any more problems
but anyways content for a bit and get
some showers get some sleep
wake up we are shooting again in the
morning and got another full day so oh
yeah guys we haven't shown you our
phones yet who remembers these my
goodness we got no GPS on here we have
to take pictures with the high quality
camera man so we have we don't have our
phones we give them up
all we have is our wallet this and some
cameras and our bags we are here with my
cousin Jerry tell Mike no thank you can
introduce him oh I didn't introduce you
okay and we arrived at the relatives
house we didn't know who that was and we
saw how there's mud and this is coming
so we are so excited and he's got to
actually play something for us this
morning he's like so multi-talented like
a lawyer he can I he'd robble the
coolest thing so yeah well how'd it tell
us a little bit about how you guys are
related more oh yes please call me
alright well we're pretty determinated
it goes back to the 1300s but there was
a French landowner wealthy landowner in
England and we bought the center and his
name was Thomas Thomas de Holland and
she descends from one daughter and I
descend from another daughter and her
path took her front took her family from
England to the Massachusetts during the
pilgrim times and my went through
Scotland and Sweden and then Kizzy
Jersey so just so cool and then my who
are we really distant from that's so
hilarious
the both of us are cousins with
President Obama more so Brittany the
maid said hold on
how random is that but he plays the
guitar and sings yeah he has a song
prepared and we wanted to we want to
hear you all right yeah we're ready
I feel at the Kathleen beacon
your breasts in here 309 take a seat
the Queen on the platform will see that
that is where
Egham for the day
what's my city like me mention one two
hours get away my ping who ain't big
dreams
load a long angry
he was headed the other way
the road tonight a chance meeting on the
peculiar I've a brief encounter it was
ding ling ping laundry and sassy he was
texting another way
wow so good I wish I could club right
now by the activeness so you how long
you been producing music and stuff since
I was in high school a long time and you
have a few album where can we find your
music I thought all the high kids
yeah I think Amazon the most recent
project was actually my first solo one
photo that yeah under Kevin Borland and
it's Harbor City meltdown harbor city is
Melbourne Florida about the year I spent
down here so guys go check that out it's
such good stuff and crazy that your
first relative is Kevin it's been a
pleasure staying here with you so they
close and pleasure having I like totally
relate to him this is like so multi
passionate where could you like see the
lawyer he travels needs like musician a
musician and she's like so cool he's
like so many different things yeah yeah
okay that is it for this behind the
scenes of episode 1 we really hope you
guys liked it and got to see you know a
little more perspective of our thoughts
and what happened at Brittany's
relative's house it was such a fun
experience and I didn't vlog when we
were on the lake and like searching for
alligators and stuff but you you can
check out that on the episode if you
haven't seen the episode the link is in
the top of the description and yeah we
appreciate coming back and supporting us
see you back your system good bye we
have made it to the hotel and guys this
is incredible so we're staying at the
Mandarin Oriental here in Miami
I've never actually heard of this
