hey guys welcome back to vlog welcome
back everyone today we're starting off
the vlog with a sweet announcement we've
been holding this back from you guys for
a while now so we're leaving on Tuesday
leaving to go on a trip to Sri Lanka Sri
Lanka this week ow anybody know where
that's at without looking at a map right
now if you know where that's at you get
an A plus I had to look at map because I
do I'll let Sri Lanka I don't even know
where that is we are partnering up with
compassion International which is it's
this amazing organization that helps
kids in poverty right it's use an
amazing organization so yeah you've
probably heard them I mean they're
pretty uh they're pretty big so you can
expose your kids to them and kids like
you said and poverty can get food get
food education just tons of good stuff
and they're worldwide so but yeah we're
going to Sri Lanka with them and we want
to show you guys like what they do and
how you can be a part of it right
amazing opportunity but the coolest part
about all this is you guys can sponsor
kids at home too you just click the link
in the description and these kids when
you go to the link the only way you can
sponsor them is through that link these
kids will only be able to be sponsored
by you guys so I think it's pretty
awesome a zhing the kids on the site and
the link below are the kids that were
actually going to visit in Sri Lanka
which is even cooler so we're going to
be vlogging this whole process you'll
get to meet these kids oh yeah it's
going to be fun so Mary and I have
sponsored a kid Justin Brittany
sponsored a kid so we'll be able to meet
them there and it's going to be great
but we're going to tour Compassion's
headquarters here in the springs so
let's go shotgun oh the camera Oh
yeah the cookies are video right of
course okay we're here with our friend
Sam he's going to show us around
compassion a little bit and he's coming
on the trip with us as well so you're
going to be seeing a lot more of this
guy sorry it's okay okay it's okay so
what's the first okay big Jesus oh yeah
you want to get a picture of big Jesus
Oh welcome you to everyone feels like Al
he's like hey like what this person was
in line first so it's kind of rude sorry
just wanted to have you explained
everybody who's watching what compassion
is all about a speaker awesome yeah so
compassion International is a child
development organization we help serve
kids and extreme poverty all around the
world we work in 25 countries 1.8
million kids that we're going to meet
when we're in Sri Lanka we're going to
meet a handful of you have a lot of fun
so this is actual artwork from it and
each Indonesian holy cow
right oh this is a cool area most of the
centers that we go to are pretty small
so you've got to pack a lot of kids a
lot of a lot of tutors a lot of
volunteers into the into a small space
but very typical of where you're going
to see
one room one bed how cool
Errol is in the Dominican Republic right
this is alleged a hero a22 got me intend
to his father's bobbing in bet but I
have people translated to is just over
there ho great this is the letter
headquarters area
yeah letter problem sir all the letters
mama kids right so like if we wrote a
letter where they come here and then set
out yeah going to be yes yes so many
papers so many printers whoa
here's some welcome packets so they've
been sponsored going after their concert
really hey we got one of the answer - so
cool I come any just keep coming out
like are blowing my mind those are
really good tour of compassion
headquarters so it's fun to see that
behind the scenes and the workings of
how their processes and we're so excited
to go on this trip
so as you're saying yesterday the car
was going to take 18 hours to charge so
it's a new day and the battery should be
fully charged
let's hope yeah I unplugged it so now
you guys know let me put in here please
work please work okay now here you are
right you all right you can close that
on I think God was like oh yeah I go
backwards here
oh so yeah it's a pretty tight fit in
here but I like this I can't wait to
take this out them streets and show it
off oh but andrew is going to get his
mp3 court and we're going to see how
bumpin this stereo is this is going to
be funny I think yeah whoa jump on into
anything we got room in the back here
let me jump in usually jumps in my car
so say help and she can jump up here you
want to join up day oh now we need to
get some tunes in this thing
there's got to be some sort of thing
that tells us how to make it work oh wow
why am these big boy batteries
how is it riding pretty smooth we gotta
bring this outside now yeah we're at the
park and the playground over there maybe
roll down some hills its first
off-roading adventure ever let's give it
a try now performs Andrews going to give
the first off road test haha now we got
the hills right there imagine if you
just saw Andrew by himself riding around
the park on this let's check out the
tires go
I may be pretty homeless all your stuck
and there he goes climb aboard just went
up a little higher this time yeah take
it all the way down just don't hit any
pedestrians fine
oh you man that was fun
watch out for the obstacles come on
board
watch out for the obstacles oh yeah
take it away
a fast walk almost there
oh come on man
whoa go I'm giving it all she's got oh
all right
oh we did it kind of can I get up this
Chris house anything over here taking
down the slide dude I am going out here
now what the wheel is like barely
hanging on if you can go down the slide
that may work
you stay straight like this you can go
now okay I'll try don't black your face
into this you got to get over the list I
think this is the first ever toy car go
to sound slide probably
yep go and we're off
only buy more JC you okay now that we
accomplished the slide we're going to
see what else we can do here at the park
with some park or car moose they have
like a swing thing over here so I'm
going to try and swing across land in
the car and go now time for the getaway
drive our stock
with a quick burn out for you guys by
the way do any of you know how we can
make this faster I'm sure they make like
real tires this size that we could
install and really get some off-road in
going get a better battery a new sound
system all men we have many ideas but
you guys have ideas too so comment them
Hey
are you parking there yep sorry but this
is the end of the movie yup this is the
end get ready for Sri Lanka vlogs guys
we're gonna have so many we have a lot
to show you
obviously both of us have never been to
that side of the world how many hours
ahead is it it's like 11 hour time
difference from where we're at so it's
basically on the other side of the
planet so but it's going to be
incredible stay tuned come along with
the adventure and we'll see you all
tomorrow
