hey guys welcome back the box but first
check this out the fat I can't believe
everything here 50% off like Whole Foods
you serious
like I legit don't even know where to
start but I'm thinking a starts here in
the
in the metro-area got so much good stuff
official half off probiotic cinnamon a
bunch of great otters and Brittany gets
up to like seems like the best day ever
Brittany even finding some good stuff is
is awesome
we coffee bag five bucks
crazy like everything is going so fast
hey you guys are here welcome
I just find some goodies oh and Tyler's
here yeah bro
he even look like there everything is
gone it's crazy loading up guys we did
you guys are in Colorado Springs you got
to come here best you'll bet
are you guys done camp one more I'll
yeah
great really windy out starting to snow
I think Oh Colorado and his weather
seriously it's pleasing okay we are back
Andrew well yeah with that well when we
made that fort at the store the other
day we had that battery-operated little
kids car and we want it yeah we want to
have some fun with the with that thing
so our Walmart and we're going to see
how much they cost
what kind of models they got yeah what
kind of MPG colors you know just for a
good old average car we search really so
let's go inside and check out the facts
we have made it as the bike here are the
cars well this has a gotta get me afford
a Ford f-150 yo or this Andrew I would
rather have my button tailed by a giant
cactus
laughing why we can ride around school
in it
oh Corvette that's just let me most kind
or explode dump truck max speeds 3 miles
an hour what good but this only goes up
to 5 Isaac and ride this he's had so
much fun a real radio what drives on
rough terrain too and look at the tread
zone all brand-new tires
what are we missing the Batmobile what's
that does I have engine do look at it
it's so big oh do it in its 24 volts
these I think are like 12 what should we
do you want to look like this Andrew I
do look like that if you get this this
what you look like that happy yeah you
have the same hair color yeah look at
him he oh yeah
what's this a dirt rocket
what the heck
okay we just got it down just a bit
dusty missing the steering wheel but we
got two seats and this my hilarious is
what it's a car for dollar guys being
put it - dude yes take this out just
screw it out yeah put like a sound
system back here wonder if there's a way
we can make it faster - yeah I have a
spare one if we can just screw it in and
a factor that old sub woofer so this is
so dang cool love that heavy guys injure
made a good point
maybe we should check the other
Walmart's to see if they have like
different versions or even more options
I'm like as Walmart the only place that
has these let's ask if they least have
this in stock so we know I really want
that carriage - I'll just be so funny
that we're at a different wall right now
we just want to see if the selection is
different or if it's the same put them
down and then we going to go to Toys R
Us because they said they had tons which
is like super awesome looks like I have
the same things yeah yes
Toys R Us the only one in our city I've
been here in like since Denver days
on you guys remember our Toys R Us woman
remember back in the day it did that
video did really well randomly and we're
like what do I feel like a kid again
Oh Power Rangers there's something about
like still playing with toys and like
kid stuff that is just so awesome as an
adult I don't know which one's better
playing it as a kid or as an adult
good question it don't matter if they
don't fit us or stepson go so many games
so many Legos oh man whoa Lego I know we
had to build a Lego fort come on
you find fun games game smash up oh yeah
yeah this game is supposed to be fun
they don't have any of that way now we
spent probably good hour and a half
yesterday calling every game store in
our state asking if they had Star Wars
destiny nobody has it yeah hey that much
you know that whoa you want to get that
yeah holy cow let's put that in the
living room and like have fun yeah B
train conductors guys a new nerve rival
what the heck another one yeah looks
like a shotgun oh behind of actually saw
a YouTube ad for it and I watched it so
thanks guys
what just get that off I was allowed oh
man have so many oh they have so many
push how I asked so little option Lang
we can go the dealership guys ready to
close the deal should I get the Porsche
to get the Maserati
I don't know the freaking Ferrari I need
a crepe I'll have a fire truck to even
have these segues this thing's got a
Hemi not even joking is it work I don't
know and bro this one's got a Hemi I
just said that I'm just reaffirming but
bro a Hemi pretty cool but can we
install a radio into this thing
no and it doesn't have a trunk for like
supply dang it oh that's where the
battery is but you can put a custom seat
here if you want to take this feed out I
may want to because maybe you can sit
back maybe we should put some reinforced
steel in it so we can sit on it no this
is like the back you cut out this
backing and you look okay take the seat
off put like a flat area because look
please like carpet make it really comfy
yeah
hi secondary which one had more room the
Chevy or the Ford oh no I don't know it
would have to do custom MOT custom mods
your you okay your tailgates down not
bad you like out of doors open
wow that's a good feature Plus this one
does have an mp3 plug-in so right there
mp3 but we should be able to take this
out and put a real one in rice is how
you start earn go check this guy out
let me see
see I sit in this one what the same
features as the Silverado it's got an
mp3 plug there a whole my you can
actually fit in here well maybe if you
can't if Andrews old taller than me see
with it Wow
the next option here is the Range Rover
this one's kind of similar to the other
one got a some space back here now this
one's smaller but I'm having fun guys or
not it was awesome and you found a new
toy dude bring that to the skate park
yeah trust me people will be impressed
Wow
I love how you can try these things out
I'll rip stick while you rip scooter oh
I'm not gonna turn Oh
yeah this is the best door they'll let
you try toys before you buy them
I would still buy one of these you yeah
we're playing tag hey don't it you just
got a boost here okay we got something
guys what could it be
do you guys want to see what we got done
we have made our executive decision and
have gone with the Ford the holder the
wheels impressed us the trunk impressed
us but now we got to put this thing
together maybe he's off train room tires
yeah one very annoying thing about this
vehicle is the daggum charger weighs
like a hundred pounds but also you have
to charge it for 18 hours before your
first use what in the world are we still
stuck in the fourth century you can sit
on the I'm here 18 hours Daisy that's
not good
we're mechanics
this thing is pretty sweet seems kind of
loose but I don't know how's it looking
under there yeah see what the problem is
he's got no oil or ninja'd really like a
car shop good thing she put on the final
touches
just put the wheels on the axles you
move the moment of truth the final touch
stickers what this is bigger than I
thought right how did you check it out
it's got a trunk and you look like a
husband and she's into concrete so when
we're like you know going around
groceries in here at the store yeah
we're actually getting the engine
rebuilt so welcome back everyone
this is the end of the vlog takeaway
Andrew I said at the end subscribe
Oh Oh what so we couldn't ride it
because we're the charger for 18 hours
so if you guys want to see it do some
fun things leave a like and leave some
ideas in the comments wall of what we
should do with this board let us know
yes we want to know your thoughts
because we have ideas too but yours
might be better or new tomorrow a
surprising announcement coming soon
tomorrow good bye
