hey everyone so as you know Brittany and
I are contestants on season two of
relative race and while we were on the
show they allowed us to vlog our whole
experience as well so we wanted to show
you just exactly what we've logged in
from our perspective on the race
checkout well good morning everybody
welcome back to vlogs I can't even
explain the excitement I have right now
you guys know exactly what's going on
right now today is what is today today's
the 8th of September and these vlogs are
late because we're filming for relative
race
we're on season 2 Brittany and I okay so
if you guys haven't heard of this show
it's called relative race they're in the
second season right now and we were
chosen to be contestants in this season
so there's the first day we leave for
the trip I have no idea what to expect
oh just a quick overview of the show if
you don't know what it is relative race
is basically kind of like a similar
format to Amazing Race except the
contestants are racing around the United
States
finding relatives and their families
that they have never met before
literally the coolest concept will leave
links below for you to check out the
trailers and stuff just in case you
don't know but the crazy thing about
this show is we can only use maps we
can't use any technology so we're going
to have to put away our computers phones
only this and state map so this is going
to be quite the interesting trip where
we're a little nervous but the positive
side of nervousness
which like pretty much excited but you
know that feeling in your stomach we're
like oh my gosh it's happening we've
been keeping it pretty much a secret
from you guys for like a few months now
we haven't have been able to tell
anybody I mean obviously you guys know
now because this vlog has been uploaded
a lot later but they said we could vlog
during the show which i think is so cool
so we're going to try and get a bunch of
footage like behind the scenes stuff for
you guys for this channel and just take
you guys along this incredible journey
with us I'm so excited but anyways to
show you guys what we're packing we are
team green obviously which is really
cool so we had to go and get a bunch of
green shirts since we're team green
which I have in here this is all we're
bringing that's her backpack this is my
backpack we got some snacks for the road
and a bunch of just different types of
green shirts and stuff so this will be
good I love cute I like you said this is
my backpack but does this be lighted I
know me either
I know technology is crazy oh we may
have shoes that were way yeah I'm like
thanks for me so hopefully the families
we do meet our families will let us wash
our clothes because I don't know how
long we're going to be on that little
reason but we might have some stinky
clothes so anyways andrew is about to
pick us up to take us to the airport to
fly to Florida yeah andrew is right yes
thanks for the ride Andrew alright bye
Greg hold down the fort
you guys have priority seeing all the
vlogs he did since this is upload way
later but okay yeah all right well we're
flying on American Airlines this we're
going to just check it back we got just
like liquids and stuff but I just love
this Airport Colorado Springs Airport
never business so first off is in Dallas
and then our final destination is Miami
Florida go to the gamma this really
freaked me out I thought this was a real
perfect that is very weirdly right let
go my degrom period joke the
developmental moment talk portions
buckle
just lands in Texas
this is a long escalator by the way this
elevator is let you mean escalator
de-escalation yeah high five that was
good
I am super impressed with the Dallas
Airport I've never been here before but
this is just so open stuff huge decision
and then there's tons of like different
restaurants up there think we're just
going to find our gate real quick and
then see if get some food somewhere well
look at that brick that is a fort
yeah that is go check it out
holy airport fort for the wind this is
awesome
they just need doors to make the fort
complete bowl because I'm not here haha
you know this is so cool we need to get
lunch real quick and they have this
handy-dandy touch screen play Oh what
should we get um guess we can try this
artisan market
whoa
just from simple salad storms
Mediterranean Greek stomach - just one
yeah thank you
guys we finally made it to Florida at 7
p.m. here it's crazy how time flies when
you're on the airplane but we gotta get
her back and ahead to the hotel with Sam
we have no idea where we're staying or
our itinerary this is pretty crazy and
this is pretty cool
where is baggage claim though thank you
we have made it to be hotel and guys
this is incredible
so we're staying at the Mandarin
Oriental here in Miami
I've never actually heard of this place
for you
come on Tristan like I know we're still
hungry at 8 p.m. and we haven't eaten
yet but as you can see kind of out the
window it's like skyline views and they
say we have like a skyline a literal
like city view so let's go see our room
and figure out where we are
yeah oh okay I finally figured out how
to you have to put your key up to this
and then choose your for this please
like okay yesterday I think just like I
remember
I'll let you open the door lock saw what
the bass is right here and then you can
do the bedroom I'm in the shower
hello alright you come over here nice
bed man while we've been here one night
and the view okay it's just one holy cow
Brett look at this view
we did it just me in the city yeah
alright look who's hungry go now out
exploring get some food I think we are
both kind of craving a burger so that's
what it is we're going to get like down
here you're trying to run that burger
place though it says supposedly right by
our hotel but it's nowhere to be found
not a good start level we're going over
so we're just crossing the bridge and I
think there's some burger places in town
or something at least some good food
okay we decided to eat in our room
because we couldn't find anything and
everything it was just hard to find just
a simple burger place luckily they have
late-night snacks 10 p.m. here so we
each got some burgers it's been probably
like 30 minutes all right so I'm not
sure where they are I'm desperate good
even inside anchorman me yes sir oh
thank you very much thank you Tony
Nevada I want some hey very good I was
you're really nice you just we're right
yeah welcome welcome thank you burgers
arrived looking delicious he's going to
be gone real soon thank you guys so much
for watching and thank you for your
support and love through this whole
process we really appreciate it
mm-hmm and we have more vlogs coming so
if you are excited and want to see more
of what we saw and behind the scenes of
the show we would like a bunch of guys
probably already saw episode 1 because
it's up if you haven't the link at the
top of the description is where you can
watch the first episode so we see you
guys back here tomorrow good bye
