howdy everybody welcome back to vlogs
what we're doing
SuperDuper on this fantastic day oh yeah
so do you guys remember if you've seen
our prank this scene looks like a bunch
of you guys enjoyed that scene and
thought we should make it into a full
prank video so that's gonna be doing
today currently we're at the store
because we want to look at the different
like water jug options to see if they
have in a different sizes for this prank
what is this
you guys want to get a fright daddy yes
ah see when we're in the library we have
something like in the first video like
this oh so they have all these different
sizes here and cups yes that would be
funny but you guys like some water
is this $14 nice okay
and also some cups because we have an
idea that involves other people and
giving them beverages in a bowl Yuriko
got the supplies also thought what
usually when we buy like flog stuff at
Walmart or wherever the items we get
don't seem to match those like today
they actually did come yeah finally but
look at this weather yesterday it was
like in the 50s I was on like a walk
outside it was so warm out but now it's
snowing and freezing also one side no
that's why sometimes going to the store
we like to go to the store to get ideas
because if we didn't go to the store we
probably wouldn't have thought of this
so definitely this is gonna be a good
scene watch out here alright guys we
made it to our first destination are you
ready yes you guys ready for some trivia
what is the library your favorite place
to bring me too so we found that first
victims there over there
alright guys have all just got a clip
very strange reaction the guy I got was
very concerned
he kept plows foam so I didn't know who
he was gonna call but it seemed like he
was gonna call like the cops to me or
something probably gonna leave now just
because that was just a weird situation
and he's probably telling me so I'm just
waiting for Andrew because we got split
up for a little bit
oh the joys of pranking quick pit stop
here at the till the roost I mean
coffeehouse yeah oh hey it's cold this
place is so cool though and their food
is delicious I love finding like really
unique shops like this or coffee shops
that are really like locally owned my
favorite thing to do to go around town
well guys it's a new day yeah we're back
that we got this clip and this guy kind
of creeped us out and we left so we
didn't want to finish filming sometimes
that happens yeah so we're gonna finish
the video of today and a different
library hopefully get some good clips
and get this video that's video out for
you guys yeah cuz we don't need that too
many more Clips so should be fine yeah
editing it and it's about like three
minutes so we'll get some better clips
did you guys want any more water for
studying huh yep surfing
he's sorry for bothering us we're
actually just doing a YouTube video
experiment I just wanted to know yeah
yeah I'm not in class we're just doing
it for fun yeah oh good well if you guys
are okay with being in the video he see
us he's up there yet cool alright well
I'll leave you guys to it it's a great
you know some people don't react think
that last clip they just look back once
but they didn't seem bothered by it all
but the big one so I'm just I have the
best idea for this it's gonna be so
funny so I'm gonna go down there by
those students and there's a desk like
this and I'm gonna put that water holder
on the desk right here and put a water
bottle down here and just turn it on and
it'll be filling up the whole time
gonna film from here well here's all the
mess I just made we just got a final
clip ending with one of the people we
pranked got a little water on me so now
I'm very cold
yeah you should probably get back to the
car quick before you freeze or get
hypothermia yeah I don't want that I
mean it is better weather out than the
other day but I think technically it's
colder today though
well how cold it was like 16 degrees
when I was driving to your house
Oh what is your guys best advice for
YouTube video yeah don't be a youtuber
you did not just what watch guys don't
listener yeah that's very bad advice
toon squad is up here guys these guys we
need to get advice from guys what's your
best advice just in general
let's live your life then we're just
going home but we wanted to get like
life advice from you so also you guys
have any advice life advice no you have
zero life advice live your best life a
lot of dogs yes I have two dogs not here
aid freezer yeah why what do you do okay
yeah this is my dog oh my god they're
both so cute what's your task more subs
for Jace do beef jerky oh thank you this
is real life beef jerky
is it good mmm smells the best way to
answer prayers from Kirk EQ well I guess
this is the end yep
don't forget to watch the prank video
cuz that's was the point yeah hope you
guys had a good time hanging with us a
little behind the scenes action it's
good to be back in the prank game and
we're doing another vlog today actually
so you guys don't want to miss that
which will actually be tomorrow or
something it has to do with our hair as
well we be doing it's a surprise
see tomorrow good bye bye
