well I didn't bring up welcome back to
vlog guess what you know it today is the
premiere of relative race yeah we are so
dang excited we're having a bunch of
people over tonight all our close
friends and family of course so before
the premiere we gotta do some cleaning
up and then we're going to decorate our
house green because we're team green of
course if it'd just be you I you TV uses
posted another photo look how cool that
is
and I Oh
but yeah thanks thanks to everybody
who's been sending us tweets and
commenting on our pictures and seems
like a lot of you guys are going to be
tuning in so oh I'm going to keep saying
them so dang excited for you guys to see
this show let's go in for where's quick
stop to Best Buy to see if they have a
sound bar sweet so we just got the Sonos
sound bar because down the road I'm
always connect if we get surround sound
what can we add on to something else
other than the sound bars like well so
nose is really it applies you can add on
different like speakers above and behind
so and he said it was one of the best
ones those like okay let's just do that
but now we're at the dollar store going
to get some green stuff look at all this
stuff I mean it is st. Patrick's Day
stuff you can find maybe something not
like that just green perfect green
streamers
know what else maybe some green balloons
yes and we got green plates over here in
napkins and cups hopefully one of the
last stops Whole Foods cuz well let me
just show you or something here they're
grapes green McCoy oh yeah this is going
to be perfect green beverages for the
delivery was super didn't set up here
alright the first guys here Nick
Caleb the helping blow up balloons got
the railing wrapped in green and
Brittany good this right here it's
awkward wall then we got the table here
oh they bought some cookies you come the
cake yeah yes right yes
streamers over here it's almost 6:00
everyone's coming over at 6:00 and then
the show starts at 7:00 so good I've got
an hour you're excited Britt you're
doing great job Nick Thanks
teamwork teamwork makes the dream work
I got it up uiu TV all I did was just
connect my computer and went to their
website and it's live so hope you guys
got to get it figured out if you got
about ten minutes until it starts again
everybody's pretty much here they're all
right Zach Wow
guys look who's all here all the Bros
holy cow everybody this is nuts like I'm
pretty sure every person in this room
has been in a video is that true yep
really yeah
no he was been in like the very first
like skit skit prank ever yeah yeah yeah
well we got a commercial come on
more wine
so I have no idea what to expect on this
adventure who are going to be whatever
people they are I know you I manage I
really hope to meet a lot of people on
my family and I don't really know to me
mmm
well good morning to the Green Team
you'll be stand right there
all right commercial break time for
snacks I suppose this look for Lantern
Drive oh no getting tacky well they were
first quietly to turn around right here
everyone's pretty much gone all right
good just left now to clean up crew
y'all you cleanin up yeah no no I'm you
guys Oh everybody has gone
what fun fantastic night that was hope a
lot of you guys got to tune in for a
relative race like I said before this is
only the first episode we got a whole
season ahead of us and even if you
missed it you can watch it online
because it is up now I will leave a link
at the top of the description if you
want to check it out you can watch it in
a family watch it want you to work wash
your wherever and catch up and then next
week episode 2 so we're going to
continue to post more pictures on our
instagrams and have we just have a lot
more in store and I've been looking
through all your guys's tweets and who
all of you who are washing along I think
it was so awesome thank you guys for
tweeting us and sending us your pictures
and kind words like we just appreciate
you guys and rooting us on this is such
a fun night but to close the night it's
10 p.m. now Britney and I just stopped
by to pull a the everyone did bring
snacks and everything but we didn't eat
too much so I got that right for the
close and guess what
they're like no you can have extract as
we're closing down we got a bowl and
chips and we're going to just relax it's
pretty tired actually they're splitting
up Oh anything better but thank you guys
for watching today and end the vlog here
we hope you have a great rest of your
night just know that you are loved
you're appreciating your and put you are
important in this life we will see you
guys back here tomorrow also behind the
scenes vlog of episode one because it's
ok I'm not ending vlog hold on while we
are on the race bringing our vlogging so
we have tons of footage to show you guys
from day one and before so be on the
lookout for that
that's it goodbye
you
