well good morning everybody and welcome
back to Vox today is going to be so
sweet because we're working on this
awesome project for Brittany and what
she's doing with her movement with Miss
beauty mark so she has a bunch of her
friends over here right now they're in
her studio room over here getting makeup
done hair you know all the girly things
that girls do but I'll take you guys
along today and show you what's
happening and have Brittany tell you a
little bit more about what she has in
mind it's really cool stuff also some
quick home updates check out this look
what Brittany has done as well she
painted the walls white and then this
whole wall blue it adds like it
brightens up this room so much because
you can see the color before look how
dark it was we have to finish up there
it's like brownish so this blue is just
I don't know I love it and open we move
the couch over here so it opens up this
room a bit he's got our toys and then
Britney painted this wall over here
which is chalkboard wall so we can just
write stuff on I do cool designs but
guys I'm so excited for tomorrow
tomorrow March 5th is the premiere for
relative race this is relatively the
next 10 days will be a test of endurance
skill and willpower to compete as a team
with one goal to leave with more
families than you have now
oh I hope you guys will be tuning in
it's going to be the coolest show I'm
telling you so this evening I think a
little later in the blog we're going to
open up this we're going to be doing a
contest giveaway and I want to show you
guys what some of you can win so stay
tuned we'll do this during this vlog
relative race giveaway but if you guys
don't know about relative break race
I will leave some links in the
description and some info just in case
you want to tune in every Sunday it's
going to be on BYUtv infos below so
check that out
cooking some food for them got some eggs
some peanut butter and toast and then
got some almond nuts and maybe some
oatmeal how do you feel about that easy
do you need some you need to include to
your hair oh you've got a facial what's
happening Brett what's going on with the
hairdo whoa we are driving to DeForest
now because this is that because that's
where we are shooting driving Britney's
parents trucks right now because if you
can kind of be in the back of the pen
Brittany's dad made this awesome
table but we also got the props to the
table just for what they discuss you too
though
it's all coming together and it's
beautiful out it says it's 63 degrees no
complaint over here so we're here with
Gabe and Tyler
Gabe is going to be filming at Tyler's
like helping direct it just finding a
good spot to shoot I'm coming to the
wind going through the code I do it very
good excited to work on this project fun
I mean did you guys see this table I'm
going to come on in the middle of the
woods get them all in it okay
actually while he's doing stuff Clint so
Brittany what are we doing today what is
the goal here just so everyone knows
what's up since today is a promotional
video and photo shoot for misty DeMars
and it's one of the biggest things I
have ever done and photos and I have
notebooks and binders and just in Canada
tested it of ideas like this and my
first one that I'm tackling like look at
this she's got all the girls together
we're getting that shot with setup so we
will definitely of course link this
video when it's up but make sure to
check out Brittany's blog link in the
description miss beauty mark calm big
things are coming so definitely you guys
to be a part of it if you guys have like
sisters or your mom definitely tell them
about Brittany's blog because I think
that's something all girls would want to
be a part of something like this
movement just that concept that's why we
did the survey they're super beneficial
um just to kind of help like understand
just a deeper what God is doing in your
heart where you're marking off
bringing that kingdom security that
that's given us of loving ourselves as
more countries in our hearts and I guess
we got given us I mean you all have
amazing qualities like so many things
you're good at but we are going to do
like little features of what you're good
at
goodies taking some pigs oh my god them
either I know they're doing in here Oh
random fun Hannah yeah pretty much
almost done Oh keep it keep it and that
is a wrap folks how'd it go man no oh
after the long day of shooting by like
five hours time for some dinner so we're
here at salsa Brava you guys know our
fave place Mexican free ships and salsas
can't complain about that
ah fresh dairy no thanks just making a
quick stop to get the beverage I am
wanting a kombucha right also I got my I
am insanely sore not that you guys care
but I am we did cross that the other day
and have it Bend in a while and boil
boil I wasn't looking like a strange man
walking around because my legs like them
so we're like given out
anyways yeah here we go alright
like promised we are going to show you
the contest the relative rates contest
we're doing and what one of you guys is
going to win check this out
see what's inside just stop all this
awesome detect it with like a map that's
very fitting what is this
so excited to this waste and cool let's
open this together what in the world is
this okay you're probably just as
surprised as I am I have no idea what it
is all in here so this is really cool
like I said relative race Brittany and I
are teaming up to give away one of these
exact to you guys I'll tell you how you
can enter to win and all the details
here in a second after we all do this
but I want I'm very curious to see
what's in this amazing
alright we got a little note here the
relative race roadtrip kit this kit is
intended to help you create and capture
memories wat what sick okay we've got a
cool water bottle for the road we got a
phone charger that is included too
relative race t-shirts road trip instant
camera what yeah guys check it out
instant camera so if any of you guys are
going on a road trip and really want
this like holy crap this will be perfect
road trip activity handbook oh this is
so cool
oh there's that yes you know I'm
definitely been looking through this
that is it guys and of course you get
this awesome like canister case for
traveling so easy easiest thing to win
guys we're going to pick at random okay
at extreme random I just posted this
picture guys you leave I'll leave a link
in the description if you guys want to
check out and then we're going to be
going through all the comments on this
and just choosing a random one and
Brittany also is going to be posting a
picture so you can increase your chances
by commenting on hers and the last way
to increase your chance is go to
relative race their Instagram and
they're going to be posting a picture so
just you got to just slam them with
comments if you want to win and we will
be picking one we don't have a set date
yet but just stay tuned and we'll be
announcing it on the vlog I'll post it
on my Instagram story and snapchat oh so
exciting I'm like this is so dang cool
so I hope all of you guys enter and
honestly today I'm going to end the walk
this is the perfect spot to end the vlog
tomorrow guys is the premiere or
whenever you're watching this
if today is March fit it's the premiere
for relative race so make sure you know
how to watch it check out their website
it shows you all the ways you can watch
it on your xbox or TV your computer or
live TV so we're going to be watching it
we're going to be having a premiere
party so we're going to be vlogging it's
going to be a blast I might even do some
live streaming so just stay tuned hope
you guys tune in hashtag team green this
is going to be a fun adventure then you
stop squeaking and we'll see you guys
back here very soon goodbye
you
