welcome back to vlogs everybody hi I'm
eating lunch right now yeah I can I can
hear that sorry anyway today's vlog is
going to be so much fun I can't even
handle it right now really yeah not
joking
I don't know why well you know what
we're doing yeah you guys saw recently
went to a place where it was cryotherapy
and we were exposed to negative two and
a 50Â° right learn about different
explain this so this new thing we found
or actually the lady at the cryo place
told us about it and it's like the
saltwater float tube right yeah and
termas huh
you got to pick it let me pull up a
gallery while you focus with this wat da
it looks so cool the shoes to telling us
about it how you're laying there and
you're you can't sink because it's so
salty and eventually you just feel like
your body parts just float away and your
is you're just a floating head in the
water so we'll see what it feels like I
have no idea
I've never sat in so much water with
that type of density Simon I've heard
it's really cool
but we want to show you guys bring along
they have some other stuff there as well
so how should we prepare for this we
need to lay down on something that's
kind of anti-gravity that trampoline
because when you're bouncing you kib
odds all right Oh
walls myself yeah okay yeah whoa I'm
floating if you try and like get to the
peak and my clothes okay like this okay
all right let me try
Wow
right because it's the closest you can
get to floating well did you know as
soon as you jump up like this it's like
the same feeling as you're in space wow
I love saying astral oh oh oh wow look
we'll be like this but floating I think
I'm ready and prepared you're ready okay
I think I'm ready just like for the cryo
spa we didn't know how to prepare so
we're trying our best to understand
what's happened all these new adventures
are so fun we are in the car now heading
over to Luna float spa that is what it's
called
and I am drinking a beverage right now
because I'm going to see we're doing
another test I'm going to turn water
Andrews not maybe I'll sink what did we
conclude the results from our last
experiment No
okay if you watch our last experiment we
are seeing if I drink a whole lot
bottled water and went to the negative
250 degrees by 3
I didn't freeze so that experiment has
been sold yes ah Luna float spa
huh was 4/3 therefore oh there's more
cryo spas this is the theme 1 it's just
a different location you love this place
dude what's that smell
smells good good ready to slip okay
oh hi monolith yep a lot of people work
to get clubs and we can get better
Oh
alright I'll just go I got so we're here
with Morgan and we just want to have his
explain you guys what this is and how
awesome was does really glad and purpose
though I'm sure a lot of people at eat
it out so this is color dream pot I've
got eleven hundred pounds of s and
twelve result into two hundred gallons
of water it's for sensory deprivation
which eyes cut out of many senses as
possible what that helps will do is
relax our body and our mind cool then
yay so everybody looks really
effortlessly in here now to get in you
lay down on your back and you'll pop up
and to give this little effortlessly we
do 60 and 90 minute session and that's
really good for the body and for the
moment the awesome salt helps pull out
all the tension your muscle in your body
ultra relaxed and being on the show off
your mind always doesn't sound like it's
a reset button on your mind you know it
allows you to bring down too short or
moans allows your it doesn't blood
pressure and those probably spend little
time as yourself and just kind of
decompress
we've been here from September
15 and been offering rotations are out
of screen and really been enjoying the
experience and talk to the beaters or
quite a lot yeah my god I think it's
quite like the life change and said
there's like music in there you know
you're going to experience this winter
so he was dying in here I'm so excited
this looks so fun it's like some sort of
Star Trek pod I know this is like
awesome space adventures I got a shower
here for before and after pretty salty
yeah but first we're going to be popular
colors so I'm going in this pod you're
going to go in this pot and I got the
GoPro so hold it dislike close all yap
well be fun but enjoy a realization so
yes I will be very relaxed all right oh
it's cool because all these pods have
float companions so as the rubber duckie
your float with me if I want
right here's the pod folks all for not
reproduction get over here Oh
whoa oh I think this is so weird
ah don't even have to think about
floating it justhappened
wall duck how you feelin man whoo I
think he pushes button start so you know
effect closing here um older every year
where am I
you
that was a power the food to what I know
about this is you're floating you push
it on the edges it go flying out of the
way wow I'm so relaxing whoa
well relax is it right but yeah thanks I
know you should all see Oh No you'll be
happy you know I did get the water in my
eyes will you
I kind of did not maybe not that you
like I have a nose like that an agency
so what my friends are like oh that's a
wall thing yeah where oh man yeah thanks
again we will I know afterwards I'd be
thirsty and maybe hungry so a quick
snack cookie and beverage for what he
was telling us that for the rest of day
if there's a couple days our mood might
just be like come and chill in the last
so and sleep very well tonight we're
trying to get complain about that uh-uh
time for some smoothies I'd nourish
organic juice we've been in for bit so
good you guys have any organic juice
like reward yeah I hope we're back
oh yes of course
Oh my green potatoes
we can eschew potato metal many many
carbs are you carbo-loading everyday
carbo later hi
creamy cashew potato soup and stew a
monkey buzz what is that more perfect me
right now monkey buzz is bananas coffee
beans almond butter protein ice almond
milk and coconut cream and Wow is it
good after that bullying
I feel so chill and just a good
experience
yeah plus floating at least for me
because Mary and I went to CrossFit last
night pretty sore and floating in all
those epsom salts is going to do the
trick for recovery we're not without
them all yeah good idea
come on workout workout and go float for
a little while
Beauford your toys are all over the
house is this what you do when we're
gone you get in the trash ya can look I
put it up here so each barrel all of
that character time and not the total
number values
the player who rules the highest
combined value decides which is a tool
available not a sponsor
we're playing Star Wars destiny finally
I know so we had to learn this is
apparently a really really popular game
I mean just recently are getting more in
stock at the stores so we need to learn
how to play so we can keep downloading
the booster pack oh go yeah what were
your thoughts on destiny that's hella
fun I love games that have like
expansions and custom cards and that
exactly has exactly that it is your
destiny I think they're coming out a new
expansion as well very soon
yeah but plenty more yeah it is time to
go thank you
I could only yeah I do need to go home
mom's calling kinda banner I'm hoping to
interesting that'd be great
well yeah see ya bye bye guys it's
almost 10:30 and I am very tired after
floating the pot I just feel very
relaxed and bedtime is now so that's out
of the vlog let's you guys tomorrow
alright D tau
Wow
