well good morning everybody and welcome
back to blogs today is super exciting
for Brittany and I we are going up to
Denver right now what are we doing we
are doing it interview our first
interview or it's about debris I don't
think me and Brittany have ever done a
TV interview before together this is q1
going to be a fun one
um we're just getting a quick breakfast
here at chick-fil-a because its 7 a.m.
and if you guys didn't know relative
race airs this Sunday March 5th so I
hope you guys will be tuning in if you
want to know details on where to watch
and how to watch just go to relative
race comm links will be in the
description but let's just Denver to
police or egg white grilled chicken
muffin sandwich got some hashbrowns free
coffees and chicken meat we some of you
maybe didn't grow up around sergeant
Banta but the floor pole is like this
snap
wrong things we got to Denver earlier
than we thought we got like a forty
minutes to spare so we're going to
stopping by the shop we just found
platform P let's check it out yeah I
love finding cool places like this so
here's our T section and all of these
you can smell which is I think really
cool before you like you want to see
what it smells like for you get it and
boy do they smell good this one over
here
peachy mango delish it's down there
how's your chocolate drink chocolate
yeah
we're I know these are like chocolate
little chocolate leaves or something
okay here we are nine news.com this is
going to be a segment for one of our
local channels here in Colorado called
Colorado and company like a news station
that's up here in Denver I'm excited
pretty cold out here actually although
it's blue skies this wind chills okay
yikes kebab
also it's just important this is going
to be light so we're going to be allies
to be here at 10 o'clock so I don't know
if any of you here in Colorado were
randomly tuning in but life to be pretty
cool and I think we'll be able to share
it with you guys
once they post it online so it's
whenever it is posted we will let you
guys know and provide a link there you
go
there we go get ready for this life
black stream well kind of follow me okay
so I need to kind of keep shooting this
way of shooting in the window about 30
seconds till hey guys I guess analysis
you guys in the jury room well be
cooking for long shoes to run hello we
haven't got the ski area
and look what's happening hi there I
came to think about the snap you like
fallen already ha are you guys know wow
this is quite long
people were doing I got a Facebook live
here
it's gonna be fun okay we're making our
way to the studio if she's still alive
we can go in no I don't know no cool
being in here and I want to see I'll
take it and her like every said yeah
definitely we didn't feel called to be
here ago Wow kind of like an around
credible facing danger really no happy
anyways like I love film and television
and being in an entire Malekith I got
hurt making sorry my family to again
insurance company and things those this
page will be on so multi they've got the
host original engineer and now to erase
unlike in you color a brief scuffle is
on the new season of religion race they
have 10 days of what bone and infirm a
straight their family roots that brought
the United States in the end one couple
will win $50,000 Justin and Britney
Stewart join us this morning in the
studio completely and I also want to
point out quickly to their high school
sweetheart not wonderful that makes you
might nor do you somebody happen what
surprised you most about your journey
for me personally it was a mature for as
well just leave how challenging it was
emotionally into I mean you're you're
challenged individuals I had a couple
laughs Thank You Becca
that's what I was born back so I was the
driver and just in the present milk and
we get lots of Courtney venom oh good
yeah something funny pretty well every
group you did eval I'll kill you and and
ha pretty geology under traditional bye
guys thanks for watching
everything alright we're back interview
done that was awesome what did you think
of it Brett
I thought it I was like episode super
nervous yeah I ever thought and then
Denise wants to have us on her radio
show so probably do that here within the
next couple days she's still going to
tomorrow sauce though it should be out
today so let us link it down below check
the link if you want to see the full
interview and it's going to be about
five minutes long so
yo P projectors launch out Britton I
just made sandwiches with like four
different types of meat like salami
pepperoni chicken turkey ham pepper jack
like vegan type cheese barbecue chips in
a pickle
Daisy's desperate for it but you don't
get any alright guys we are going to end
the vlog right here but we want to show
you guys something either explain it did
not pop yes rat you know that video we
filmed with Rasmus material we were
doing the soccer skills challenge well
he just uploaded it that's really really
good
and we'll leave a link in the
description here's his channel it's
called macaques mapa Dax however you
want to say it and it's right here it's
the newest video he uploaded the same
penalty challenges and it's so good guys
like the way he edited issues a
hilarious video the first challenge is
prisoners healthy for the softball ah
alright that's the preview good yeah
it's uh it's in English because the vlog
is videos are in Swedish obviously but
yeah go understand go check it out give
it a like I'm sure he'll really
appreciate it and we got definitely got
to do a challenge like that but maybe
like basketballer
so you guys wanted to do some more
challenges we haven't done them in a
while
quick comment of the day a dream kind of
looks like fit the slot sometimes in the
best way possible how do you feel about
that Rachel you say I look like that in
the best way
awesome what oh come on kid
well you even sound like him in the shot
guys what do you guys think yea or nay
I'll have to go with an A thanks for
hanging out with us today
and remember this Sunday it's the
premiere of relative rates we're going
to be having a party at our house Andrew
all bunch of other friends and family
are coming over but hope you guys are to
an end
below see you back here tomorrow bye bye
guys
