well I didn't buddy walk back two blocks
hope you doing well today
aunt and I are super excited ain't that
right Oh excited Buford you excited get
up and dance beautifully okay so you
party no we're going to do by the title
and thumbnail this video but let's just
show you what's going on and how we
found this so we just recently uploaded
this video on an 80-degree because I was
in the sauna and it was it was that hot
all right
okay what's something very cold and you
remembered something what did you
remember looking all these things um
Rio spas we found this I was like all I
think I've heard of those before and
there's one inner city so exciting now
we don't know exactly how cool is this
but basically it's this ice chamber well
let them tell us how cold it gets but
you stand in it apparently it's very
good for you as well for health benefits
a spot but this it's going to be fun are
you ready to freeze I should kind of
nervous now talking about it because it
makes me so cold like I know how do
people survive well how we going to
prepare for this oh yeah we got to
prepare our bodies because it's kind of
warm out right now so I don't even know
how to prepare for this but we have a go
- we gotta go many someplace cold and
put ourselves in and quick okay all
right we're here at King Soopers
classical side here we are on the frozen
section I mean it's pretty cold in here
so this is a good place to hang yeah
okay Andrea what are you doing testing
and cold endurance gripping my body that
uses it
how's the weather in here getting colder
one of those at the modern see how cold
I'll get you ah how's the weather in
there is that also oh it's cold
oh that's the wrong spot yeah it is it
is okay just focus
hero zero degrees Fahrenheit Wow okay
I experienced zero Degree surgery so
since you've never done this before
we're trying to think what can we do to
help repair and I think I need to stay
hydrated with water because I'm going to
this extreme cold environment it might
freeze away the water you know that's
just a song but what if you're too
hydrated in the water like literally
freezes inside your body and you become
a human iceberg I don't know
I believe the website also said if you
want to endure longer in the cold you
have to eat Oreos like a whole box of
them you can try that dessert thank you
see I got a water and you didn't so we
can do this experiment see if I freeze
and you don't right or if you freeze and
I don't because you're full of water to
freeze are you sucking that whole thing
I'm going to drink a lot of it before we
get there
promise you have to otherwise this
experiment is just not even worth it
would it be funny if I froze yeah we
have made it folks
here it is
you just signed our waivers now it's
time for blood pressure blood pressure
make sure you can go in the tubes
we don't want the top line over 150 or
not my burger turn okay so we got to
take off everything except boxers and we
got to wear this robe and they should
and gloves don't changing real quick
okay so we're here with Lana and she's
going to explain what this big machine
is here over ha yes does it hold a cryo
chamber
that's speed hi Lacey doing well
beautiful body cryotherapy
so what we're going to do is we're going
to surround you and cultural disease
about negative 240 there's no noise
margin that's why it's very gradual is
very colorful there's no moisture so
what happens is I by the way are the
brain defender lives are going to step
out in just a minute
so all the blood is directed to the
forum with the proportions of oxygen
nucleus anti-inflammatory it becomes the
ripstix supercharged blood so it seems
steps out that blood redirected a lot of
healing information injury in the body
with it all right
not only not only is it helping with
this one
particularly pressured Yahoo I also
those collagen are things you can't
answer gallon are pins that are joined
in our in our major organs is very
important healthy people please
depression anxiety
we also burn anywhere from five to eight
hundred calories that therefore 1403
Vigoroth incompletion though that also
it all man oh it already feels a little
alien here today really say what it
looks like hopefully the steam comes out
of these
Wow and is it cold guys the area charted
yet so two minutes 30 30 seconds is what
will happen in therefore exhaustive 301
is 30 yet at Cornell come on you big
baby how other people like not making
face desert this is already cold big
antennas are quite a long time I made it
to 1816 was the coldest to get to
important in about 250 oho jeepers yes
whoa we got a great new boost of cold
air coming in yes oh yes I'm an
executive fielder nitrogen is out here
oh whoa yes Wow whoa you feel refreshing
right so coal was nicely back out into
you know normal temperature
yeah I can imagine it was like
impossible not to shiver in there really
you must drive it now
fine this is what powers us what
you can see how much nitrogen is
anything we can get about three people
through four tango I mean an exponent
whole process just fascinating and to
know that it's like really beneficial
for your health and like if you have any
injuries with this like help speed up
recovery like like how cool is that so
all right Andrew it's your turn holy
crate right it's already negative eighty
degrees so somewhere halfway there yeah
all right starting up yes what would you
compare this to like being outside in a
blizzard like no way I know I feel right
here that's like it's so weird how cold
it is try your hardest not to shiver
- negative - from 27 whole world how do
you feel about I mean because you you
don't typically think coming out of and
pretty much icebox
what feel good but it is very good you
guys thought we were done nope we are
trying something else that they're doing
here which is like a facial Kyle thanks
crown facials you're in drew I don't
think I don't know what concept
okay ten minute basil you don't even
actually humid or mine definitely makeup
you don't mess up your hair
share here's a little a good we're going
to hurt with your head okay ready
no way I feel weird
yeah it's so cool put in perspective a
19 to 35 to 45 above the magnitude of
each other
yike I don't think you guys really tell
off in the field what seems like I'm 29
you but I'm worried about that so nobody
knocks it off and thought I just want to
chill now
no yeah take a nice nap so good all
right guys just know Andrews turn yeah
are you ready I think he got his own
blanket do I kick you ready master Yao's
okay ah whoa
how would you describe that first
initial feeling I don't know okay Oh for
a freezer vent and malfunction when I
was looking for like frozen carrots that
looks like a flame on the camera
haha we're all done that was so awesome
you guys get a chance to try this place
out you should absolutely try it highly
recommend it it's fun to do with your
friends and just if you want to feel
better and now I'm hungry and she's like
that's bullying only usually hungry
though she was saying I like my
metabolism or whatever I think we would
has arrived the perfect thing to have
right after that well folks this is the
end of today's vlog thank as always for
coming back and hang outs us today two
comments of the day first comment by
Carly I love seeing how much God had
impacted your lives and Carly you are so
right I feel you know most of my life I
call myself a Christian and fall of God
but more recently I've actually you know
finally just went all in each day I'm
making sure that I'm reading the Bible
and it's actually just I am a joint it's
not just like oh I've read the Bible
today you know how I did my daily Duty
no it's more than that and like being in
a relationship with God it's just it's
shaping my life and I haven't felt
better in my whole life than I do right
now I'm so happy and I know a lot of you
guys out there may be searching as well
but I encourage you to check out and
read the Bible try everyday there's so
much wisdom there's so much good stuff
in here and God loves you all so much
whether you believe it or not you are
loved your pork you are important and
you're unique I hope you realize that
and the next comment is from Matt and in
his comment he said please play pray for
my friend Carly as she is dying of
cancer so I just wanted to open up that
for everybody just keep keep Carly in
your prayers and if any of you guys else
have any prayers you would like people
in the comments and Huskie pray about
just leave a comment today's vlog we'd
love to look through
for you guys his prayers powerful and
with that being said we'll see you back
here tomorrow goodbye
you
