well good morning everybody welcome back
to the vlog today is going to be a super
relaxing day bringing I just got up
recently and we're here at the Broadmoor
because we just wanted to take the day
to just you know relax and I also need a
haircut
so here's the deal the Broadmoor has
this like part of the Broadmoor it's
like a spa area that has like a steam
room sauna jacuzzi oxygen room and like
a lounge to relax and it's only for
guests people who are staying here but
then I called them and they said people
who purchase like a spa package it gets
included and so I found on they're like
little package menu that I could get a
haircut here and Britney could get some
other sort of treatment for really cheap
this all sounds confusing but I made it
work out so we we paid very cheap to
just spend the day here so look how
beautiful it is here
we got to go in here Broadmoor Spa
maybe seeing guys a new hairstyle my
goodness
looks like a rich man lifestyle she just
cut the sides and I gotta cut the top so
that's on my foot back like a maniac
all right her cut is done cable I guess
you can't tell from here down but it was
like one of the cheese's option okay
you'll see why we did this when we get
to the lounge and racemic stuff plus the
Broadmoor spoiling our favorite place
just come and relaxing it this holy this
wallpaper though huh
okay just got to the locker room you
know what's in here so we're good
I get our own locker robe as well
sandals so how you get change first
beautiful music
so before we go into the steam room and
sauna area this is like the chill lounge
you have some TVs magazines drink so
this is just a place to kick it I guess
let's go in here here we go I've been
really keen to trying this this is the
oxygen room now apparently he said it's
like 85% oxygen here it's probably for
people who have the key or jet lag maybe
or coming from a lower elevation so the
thing I'm just going to kick it in here
for like 20 minutes and see it with it
that leaning or but I can tell a
difference but yeah chief
all right it's been about look 20
minutes in the oxygen room I couldn't
really tell much a difference so yeah I
was kind of just a relaxing sit I guess
in the room now I'm in the sauna dry
sauna how hot is in here my goodness oh
my
Lanta a hundred and eighty degrees oh
I'm going to see how long I can last in
here not too long but just to give you
guys an idea of how hot it is oh it gets
hotter of here
ouch I feel like I'm in the desert of
course time 15 minutes about yeah you
don't stand there too long oh my
goodness it's hot there I think one
problem I had was wearing my robe which
made it even worse though got out of
there get a quick sink of water just got
out of the steam room that was way
hotter than the actual sauna couldn't
bring this in because it's like so humid
in there but I feel like super relaxed
right now so I'm probably going to go
get a shower and then go to the lounge
room have some snacks read some books
Oh
check this out pick up fruit
Oh
this room is
oh how was your time car we're we're
here
loyal coffee probably one of our
favorite coffee shops
yes they're open got a quick copy
oh thank you yeah take a try thought I
got the vanilla latte with coconut milk
and would you get like a latte with like
a mocha powder now we made a quick stop
at Whole Foods
mr. groceries we're going to be having
mac and cheese night with baking chicken
jalapeno oh no where's it let me go what
thinking about it
yeah it's vitamin City here we were sick
fairly recently actually and got some
stuff here that very much helped them I
will recommend these fish oil
wild-caught salmon oil you down there
mmm they're very good and you know look
at all the omegas it's got if you're
ever feeling sick get oil of oregano if
you come around here
help vitamin A for what I have I heard
that like finally reeling in for like
helping your skin like your face like
that
actually I oh no I deserve it so much is
another product I want to recommend to
you guys if you're feeling sick is this
stuff it's that whole food but they
focus yes it's very strong it's got like
a bunch of roots natural roots and once
you start feeling sick just take this
all the way with yeah here it is
this duck absolutely good I think when
it comes to like medications and
medicines is important to stay as
natural as possible for lighting the
stuff that we have on the earth it's
full of vitamins and nutrients like
boiled eggs I'll have so many good
properties in fish oil just keeping it
the way God created it God put so many
plants and stuff on the earth for us I
think that's important to you know use
the stuff that been provided for us
another note if you guys are having like
bad headaches or pain tumeric is a
natural remedy that helped I'm not a
doctor but tumeric good natural way to
help your headaches or pain so yeah time
to go make some mac and cheese it is
really beautiful out tonight as well
thank you
glossiest a lot of one thank you for
tuning in today
we appreciate coming back and watching
and hanging with us any final words
Andrew Oh God
we know it's been difficult with us
being traveling the past couple weeks
and rasmus being here stuff but we're
going to get back into the routine the
fun fun fun fun full ox
you heard it so just stay tuned and
we'll see you back here tomorrow goodbye
