welcome back to vlogs everybody hey hey
we actually just finished doing our
first live stream on Jays to Studios we
did a live print you know I hope all of
you were able to see that it should be
up on our channel let's just take it
let's check take a look okay you guys
can check it out yeah it's not like
insane quality because we weren't on
Wi-Fi but still live prank cool
who does hot meat all right but we
wanted to start off the day with a fun
package it just came I've been waiting
for this for a long time when did you
order this two days ago
ever since you seen it ever since I've
seen them from other people that wear
them but it's not what you think or it's
just open it not saying I think okay so
music okay make your guesses guys in the
comments what could this be
you bird what are those what guys yes
who can guess what these are I'm so
excited and ER what are these didn't you
just give them a new name yeah but let
me let me first put them on and then you
guys can tell me what you think okay
they better fit you have to guess
because you order them right right see
this is Wow
you could yay now explain yourself
these are diesease lies lies
nah they're just they're fake Easy's for
30 bucks you said there are safety yeah
make these pretty comfy
let's be honest sighs I don't think ever
in my life I would spend $1,500 on shoes
yeah definitely not about 30 bucks
yes 30 bucks
oh just so you guys know if you don't
know what we're talking about there's
new shoes called Evie and there are
about $1,500 but look just like that
yeah basically but yeah not bad you
would huh I'm trying to say like if
you're in public people aren't gonna
like think they're fake not definitely
not like I'm cool now right guys I think
even if you go to tennis what kevin has
real life easy we can compare all I
compare oh he's got many pairs he bought
a pair for his old nephew is like hi-yah
with you you should just what I got okay
I paid 30 bucks that's uh they feel like
comfortable yeah they're pretty comfy
you want to try them on yeah okay wow
you feel huge andrew has a different
size look to me you know but at least
you can see what they look like he's 11
and a half thank you very few things now
you can see what they look like in case
you ever interest in a pair we have
different flavors - what more flavors I
think because I feel really easy to have
like a symbol on the side so they just
took the symbol off
you've got to check this out our good
friends over to Vigo sent us some new
products what is that these are like the
chocolate shake
come on gear it and use it vanilla these
are so yummy too so you need to go that
clap I am hungry but I gotta go I gotta
say oh and if you want you can grab a
bar with it all perfect alright have a
good day at school
oh thanks wrong that's how it works yeah
so thank you pika
we love you guys you're a fav products
yeah try these out where do you think
this morning now a new day starting off
with some breakfast what touch.you
almonds
oh no but Mary and I are doing this
thing called crash what was it
are doing this thing called counting
macros Mary did this only like a couple
like a month ago yeah a month ago but
basically I mean you guys can correct me
if I'm wrong because I probably am but
counting macros is basically breaking
down your proteins your carbs and your
fats and how many calories you're
getting from each of those helps you
with your health goals if you want to
lose weight aim laid build muscle
whatever it is you can count your macros
so today's breakfast some bacon banana
peanut butter sandwich toast some egg
whites with what's in these eggs
and yeah
squash red onion go garlic I got the
hiccups but is pretty good
a couple days ago Mary and I bought a
trailer so we can haul our ATVs check it
out these like side rails come off and
it becomes our ramp so you can drive up
this way and then you can grab up this
way right now I'm trying to hook it up
pretty close you can go that way a
smidge back a smidge I can see the ball
right there think we're on it's a little
too cold this weekend to go riding with
the ATVs so maybe next weekend but we're
helping our friend move today in a
trailer really helps with that so yeah
we can drive it over big like test yeah
have some drop cloth and tonight oh you
can look laid back down on the side on
this episode of storage wars
he's almost cleared out the whole
storage unit we've got a team of people
outside I wonder if you can see him
there's everybody a lot all the cars
lined up just outside we're trying to
get it in one load I don't think it's a
half an ounce I don't know what happened
come back you're hoping nah why would I
help Sam helping we're all set up moving
was pretty fun our friend Stephen was
giving me tips on how to back up a
trailer because going forward the
trailers pretty easy but I'm not very
good at backing it up so I feel more
confident now I've locked Ron away to a
birthday party yeah yeah yeah yeah right
beautiful good love birthday parties
just people tend to spill food that's
greatly we're going to eat this birthday
party this is Lauren's fiancee tall with
her dad's making some brisket the smoker
to be the best oh my god what's the
first thing Isaac's going to say oh wait
Lego Star Wars
you feel me
what are we playing pretty fun huh
all right wait I count now okay one two
three
and I where's Isaac who's knocking in
there well that's in the vlog thanks for
watching but I want to tell you guys one
more quick story from when I worked at
the youth center so I was talking with
this kid his name was Anthony and I
think he was about fourth grade and we
were having the discussion about what he
wanted to be when he grew up so I asked
him though what do you want you to grow
up and he said something like a
construction worker something along
those lines and then he asked me what I
wanted to be when I was a kid and I said
an astronaut and then he said well what
happened
did you forget because in his mind I was
all grown up and I had already made my
choice that I was going to be a youth
center worker but when he said that it
got me thinking to him the only reason
that I didn't become an astronaut was
because I literally forgot that I wanted
to be one so I think we can all learn a
lesson from Anthony that as long as you
don't forget what your dream is or what
you want to be when you grow up you can
be it and you can do it because the only
thing stopping you is if you just forget
you want to do that there it was you
guys back here and the next vlog have a
great rest of your day
adios
