oh good morning guys and welcome back to
vlog today this sad day because Rasmus
and Hannah are flying back to Sweden yes
how do you feel restlessly ok ok I'm
very sad sweet yeah but they've been
here for a good while now
yeah then like oh it's like almost two
weeks yeah but don't worry this isn't
the end of us hanging like I said in the
other vlog we have to come to Sweden
next sometime this year that would be
really fun and we've never been to
Sweden so we'll see but I got drive up
to the airport it's snowed today which
is really weird because yesterday was
really warm but then go pick up Andrew
in the head of the airport you're gonna
miss him Daisy I know she knows we're
leaving it's ok
oh my gosh still snowing up here
don't leave out
always on attagirl
goodbye we're heading back home and
we're stopped and looks like Spencer out
here his back in the middle of the road
and he's trying to go but every time
he'd push on the gas
he slides further down the road but guys
come on this guy turned around then oh
geez
you have he did almost this card people
trying to fix the situation and messing
up no look at him there's another card
uh-oh down the hill goes carry oh no aah
he tried to take into his own hands huh
is he gonna do it folks
he's trying we believe in you come on Oh
de Rouen yeah good job oh they're still
stuck up there Oh is everyone just going
to turn around I'm getting out go take a
look to see what the holdup is there it
is an accident
bunch of cars I'm head back to car
getting very cold and I was weren't
about to the car seemed like every other
car in this line and this big line every
car bike roll down the window like sir
what is going on down there like a news
reporter but like how much longer like I
don't know look look okay just look
where we are there's only two ways to
get home this highway 83 or I 25 now if
we go back it looks like there's like
red right here as well to get back onto
high 25 design is showing like that hard
it's just really icy on the road
no snow on the ground yesterday it was
not it was like perfectly warm out no we
were playing soccer shorts on Colorado
for you folks whoa
watch out for a garret up there I just
wanna like check out the weather over
here old have a good time I need to
stretch I've been driving all over the
place during about this Anakin you can
only eat it
mother
what do we what do you see young rod oh
god they're so SEC yeah we turned around
and we are currently taking a random
side road that hopefully cuts over to
the main highway and this one's actually
moving that is the one over there is not
like where we will wire like there oh
there's the accident and we're all the
way stretches so far we finally made it
back home guys and Daisy you want some
dinner I'm sorry we were stuck in the
snow
see how happens motion started out so my
dragon egg oh yes we have to go back out
and so we have just let these yellow
quick because we're going to get a red
dinner with Britney's parents and who is
in it's like somebody your dad works
with yes my combo and he wants to talk
to us about our manager all right
absolutely all for that we are here Red
Robin but geez look at the difference
here
zero snow Colorado why are you playing
Oh dad blogs yeah where are we with hey
we are with JP ninja bow this is about
next EP mmm and they're coming home go
yeah there are you
there's an old friend she's angry guys
look how cute Mac oh let her see you
he wants my sweater he wants like he
thinks that I have a toy oh no you can't
fight that you sit down you eat it okay
you guys but what is this it is who is
he and explain how cute he knows when
they're a new dog what is on top of your
camera so you will be the bunny
furthermore infatuated with this game
rather than the dog okay how old is he
yes
I don't literally oh my goodness
oh you find my hair nobody know her
crack oh he's color you can tell mean it
all you dog lovers you trying to get
much trying to get back to you back that
you forgotten what I said you can open
it in a video put the money there you
like it what for any squirm now you know
what it's for it's okay Wow
the concussion should go away in a
couple everyone in the comments eating
babies their little brother like Mac put
in the comments below Davey like by
nears cue I think
like wow I'm going to be huge - when he
grows up do you see yourself in this
camera yeah he did that day today he's
looking at like last thing you like oh
boy
hidden grams oh all again it it is never
been open and mine is okay you can have
it good boy yes okay right into the door
now it was like a bad bad person
great good ah Wow yeah buddy good job
work as levelness via end of today's
vlog thank you for tuning in Andrew what
what do you have to say for yourself I'm
so thankful for you guys I thought
you're talking to me no I would never
say that to you it's okay I'm going to
go for you guys as well um Oh comment of
the day this comment I just got to say
thank you for leaving this comment I'm
glad our videos are helping you and I
hope you continually get better and feel
better but we appreciate your support I
guess we'll see you guys back here
tomorrow for another new blog it won't
be a repeat yes
you
