well hi everybody welcome back to vlog
today is pretty much the full last day
for Rasmus and Hannah here and then I
have to fly back to Sweden unfortunately
it's been a fun trip but we're going to
try and make the best out of today so
we're starting off in Hobby Lobby
because obviously they've never been
here and this stores a lot of arts and
crafts stuff and you know does like that
stuff so might see if they have any
deals here because they're always doing
50% off kind of stuff and then we're
going to make a video for rasmus's
channel's soccer video
Oh
how is wife doing today
bien yeah this is Brittany's hi this
your favorite store you already found
something you want let's see it in our
yeah huh that's nice desperate for candy
oh nice for my little brother oh okay
we've moved over to home good / t.j.maxx
because Rasmussen Hanna really like this
popcorn we got'em it's like coconut
caramel or she said more is there more
where would it be over here
I know where it is - rushman this will
remember go
oh no it's this brand we're in the
desperate popcorn mood I don't know if
you ever get in that mood but look at
this flavor we found aa wild buffalo
sauce and blue cheese flavor YUM
this is all popcorn would you find these
two if you blend these together you get
a good blend butter toffee and coconut
okay YUM
and did you find one I am my desperate
yeah it's a small batch
he sounds good but sriracha cheddar and
Asiago black pepper but you guys didn't
know that about this store the home
goods store they have very good yummy
snacks and some like healthy choices as
well just if you're wondering there's
not well see you later okay back in the
car who wants to try Buffalo blue cheese
I do okay okay oh good way like whoa
what I can taste the blue cheese flavor
yeah it's not spiking either what do you
write it like out of ten swedish fish
6.5 swedish fish it's gonna be fine
5:05 come on I think it should be more
flavor in it soon yes like gast√≥n hot
that that would be good whoa we just got
to the field rare in an Andrew
we're all in elevator ring free Andrew
okay you did okay
there's no soccer ball over there we're
going to take care yet let us in now
here we're driving on the road I don't
know what this is look like inside a car
today
I could really lose in the cars I get ya
what is here oh okay
found the fields finally so many places
were closed we went to like you think of
other locations but yes it's a bit windy
out as well so this may be kind of a
problem but we'll make do with it came a
cockatiel of products on me Hardy yes
Stephanie killing her many martini of
lip dimer Justin Andrew Haran because
Lord omalu's Oh Gianni hello hello whoa
dizzy shot time all right all right 10
spins and shoot immediately yes one two
three four five six seven eight nine ten
go kick yes Wow your best shot of the
day
very windy how fast this runs the
football route okay
Rasmus has never played I guess American
football come on you could catch your
ass missing today's vlog and Rasmus is
live downstairs obvious Instagram
speaking Swedish what he'd be seeing huh
okay I'll say I can't remember was the
last clip was time is past at 8:30 now
we had some dinner and just hung out for
their last day but we're back now we
just stopped to the grocery store and
got these which we're going to try I
love pickles so these are spicy habanero
pickles and we've got a cake downstairs
you wrote on the cake something funny
let me show you guys no Daisy this is
not for you okay so that's this case
that says paisa which is Swedish means
poop so I just want to open it have
rasmus open and see and KP I think it's
funny open this Rasmus oh oh yes
oh uh yeah yes you got it we had to
write it on there just for you are you
happy yeah okay well folks this is the
end of today's vlog it seems like most
of the comments are comments that have
nothing to do with the vlog and they're
pretty much just random comments so so
yeah I'm just going to start bringing
back the comments of the day where it's
talking a comment talking about the vlog
or just a cool comment in general just
so just the way you guys know we haven't
done in a while
tomorrow Rasmus and Hanna fly back home
unfortunately to Sweden but Rasmus has
been out here three times now to America
and we haven't been to Sweden once in
our lives or even wants to visit him so
I think the next stop is Sweden so not
sure when that will be maybe later this
year I think that'd be a really fun
adventure we're going to shoot another
film maybe part 2 of cloak-and-dagger if
you guys have seen that if you haven't
you should totally check it out it's the
comedy short film it's up on this
channel but also a heads up for you guys
March next month andrew mary britney and
myself are going on a trip out of the
country and we're going to be doing some
really we're going to be working on a
really cool project and going to be
taking the vlog along but i just wanted
to let you guys know that that's
something to get excited for we're going
to a place we've never been so yeah
we'll tell you guys about that soon it's
going to be in the middle of the month
give you guys more details and what's
going to be happening but we appreciate
you watching today and hope you're
having a great day hope you're happy and
I hope you're doing something to better
yourself today see you back here
tomorrow goodbye
you
