what's up guys welcome back to more Jase
- we hope you're having a fantastic day
it's about to get better though yeah cuz
last night it snowed so quite a bit
actually I don't know where it came from
but just out of nowhere but there's
rumors of this secret Hill in our city
that's pretty good for sledding and
we're gonna go check it out first we
gotta get some sleds right I don't have
any sleds either I mean I brought my
snowboard but that's not a sled I found
the sleds it would work though wouldn't
it okay I may consider I found a sled
Andrew mines cheaper though $15 good one
the classic Queens blood it's also
probably more comfy than my sled yeah
but put that back keep that in mind
whoa no way the donut sled oh that is
good that would be fun keep that in mind
anus your favorite thing Donuts
yeah so Oh shred time speed floods is
shred time what in the world is that
yeah now it's like a fireman's helmet
that's a sled you are too heavy so
you're gonna get it no we're trying to
decide if we should get like an
inflatable tube or this shred time speed
beast
we got a unicorn thing as well which is
our four feet long
whoa it's hard to say which one's faster
maybe should get unicorn in this shred
time okay that's my that's my vote now
let's go sledding calling hello who is
that whose oh it's you we're calling
nation our friend he knows where the
secret we need add the directions to the
hill of Gondor we're at the Walmart
you're gonna join us yes okay we'll see
it at Gondor okay we have the directions
they're complicated hopefully we can get
there let's do this guy's we're here in
the middle of the woods
take a look I see a bunch of kids over
here sledding Oh kids go home kids won
this is a big hill and also there's a
jump right there I saw a little kid
little an actual jumpy no way
there yeah no we gotta get our outfits
on man breanne all geared up
there's mr. Mason oh he's no best yeah
cuz I ripped mine you'll take that back
yes welcome to the club I drop by oh
right yeah
ain't going in your blue jeans first
sure that's the way to do it games now
guys it's on this side down here you got
a unicorn yeah
do you wish you had one I wish I had one
just like you you can at least try it
though right well I will witness my
Canadian off in there and guys what on
earth is this say someone just like
abandoned a bunch of tomato soup yeah I
kind of want to go sweating come on
finally yes
did you look perfect for this creature I
think you do yeah so this way yeah okay
okay we're pretty close to the top of
the hill these cells
oh yeah mo gals let's uh ready
my turn okay there you go
Oh guys is it the first run the handle
already broke off back up the hill
alright show us what you got we went a
little higher up on the hill andrew is
now gonna be trying the unicorn at the
top look at this looks like there's a
little jump right here - I'm gonna film
Andrews jump you ready
just hold on that's the only tip
it was awesome
it's shred time I don't know
I don't know what it is with this slide
but I broke the other handle again or
not again but it's supposed to be shred
time not break time there's a frozen
lake maybe that's a what to explore
frozen lake gotta be kidding not kidding
whoa oh the toboggan brothers to Boggy
they made it down safely oh here comes
Nate all right we're heading to the next
hill Nate has just go back to work
before he gets fired okay folks we have
made it to the lake wow this is monument
Lake it's like frozen over right now
obviously we're not gonna just go
running on the lake cuz that's dangerous
got to be careful yeah we just wanted to
see where our like there are safe wait
there are safe ways to do this what is
that is cracking wait we should both
jump at the same time and see what
happened to the ice no hope I can hear
it you know it looks thick right here
I'm just gonna put my step well you got
our hands on there so that's good how is
it whoa dude a big crack oh I do more
yeah it's cool
it's gonna do the big crack oh that's
cool Wow we can go ice fishing now guys
how thick the ice is
who is that cold yeah so what Wow good
that's pretty good that's how you safely
determine if you can walk on ice how big
hey like little sample there's like
science that tells you like how if they
can needs to be for how much wait what
oh what is it do you know I can't
remember we can look it up okay
I'm glad they got the bar here because
here's how we can also check it I hear
it hear it do it it's so weird I can
like see it moving underneath you well
you did it yeah nothing to hold on to
cuz you won't want to fall in there yeah
that would be a bad day looks really
cool okay let's do some science real
quick whoa you can like see I don't know
if you can see this on camera but you
can see that the different like
thickness it looks like see like this
Shore right here it's like a different
look of ice than out there it does okay
guys do not do this at home what about
to show you is a very bad idea by
somebody so you can see the tire marks
going like this like they're gonna drive
on the ice got there I started sinking
said uh-oh what are they doing I found
footprints going out onto the ice this
be a cool like photoshoot like if this
was soo like super thick you go to stand
out in the ice it'd be also cool to ice
skate on an actual Lake alright so I did
a quick Google search thickness of ice
says this should be a like two inches
for one person on foot
four inches you can do a ATV or a group
of people but seven inches for a small
car so we're looking at maybe about an
inch or less for this so no can do
what are you doing you gonna throw it
yes your kids must be very cold get
ready for this are you ready ready we're
ready fire dude sounded so cool you
throw now we'll see if you can go
farther yeah and I think I still went
further man that was a fun game I know
it is cold outside my car said it was
like 16 degrees which is pretty chilly
what'd you say was last night morning
man I just want cookies and hot
chocolate I'm having a hamburger now all
right guys we're gonna wrap up the vlog
here yeah it was a good snow day
too bad the Sun was coming out because
it was melting all the snow very asshole
man we need another like super snowstorm
to come soon but we know of another
potential Lake it's a lot smaller so I
think it'll be like super frozen over
you guys want to see us do an adventure
there yeah cuz we have some ideas
that'll be funny and fun but safe always
safe but yeah some good ideas coming
soon
damn that's it I'll see ya good bye
everyone
