good morning guys we had a great
breakfast today I didn't film it but
everyone here we're just kicking it
who's tired ok I am Rasmus tired
yes but yeah it's like a lunchtime so
we're probably going to go explore today
a little bit go up to the mall up in
Denver because it's really cool and
obviously show Rasmus and Hanna around
it's like our favorite mall and call
right I'd say so let's get going here we
are Park medel's mall the first store in
is Bed Bath and Beyond because I think I
think these two are desperate for
candles you mainly maybe not Rasmus a
little bit yeah yeah yeah it smells so
good I wish our whole house look like
George you've never been in the store
just candle city delicious now we're
going to check out in him probably my
favorite store in the mall great company
with a great message and they donate
percent of their sales to building
orphanages in the different country I
helpful of that
small but really great store
and my whole outfit is actually from
here except the shoes the Beast yeah
yeah what that's life
oh yeah you die you're going to bring
that home to Sweden with you look we're
in Lego heaven
eleven thousand bricks for you I can do
that
how much do you think this is because if
you were beer to get just by looking at
my like a hundred bucks
hundred dollars for the Death Star and
you want to buy
that's rather buy this one it behind
falcon yeah yeah that's only problem
with LEGOs I think they're so cool but
it's way too simple like this is a hobby
why would watch this is 250 bucks
good grief why getting Easy's when you
can get sketching disease by pitchers
and they're probably only like 30 bucks
we are now for this car nut you can
store how cool is that
let's go
good grief to the window we're going to
get out now do this
whoa cool this is huge map
come on ma yeah how much is the thing we
try one is 150 $1,000 that's it
I'm joking okay house like really
I got 60s as well Apple charger
immediately right there ah you're buying
it you guys not gonna give in we're
seeing if we all can fit me and Rascals
in the back yo that's tighter yeah and
she's like it's a good leg room oh my
guys I thought the time really I'll read
it again I think already to go okay a
family vacation push the button whoa
magic the ladies are going to get some
new shoes converse recycle the old one
yeah sure look at Marie's little shoes
are disgusting you've got holes holding
them back but it's cool because you can
put your old shoes and it's been and
what happens to them to get her new
hinge a sports surface so go for it is
it you one day say goodbye Oh high-five
you first by you by Andrew by Mary Oh
Chipotle because Hannah has never tried
to boy in her life decides her to pull a
Hannah yeah Rasmus of course yeah oh it
smells so good in here
it's so beautiful
just got back home from Chipotle now the
perfect way to top off the night some
ice cream got these cookies and green
cappuccino swirl delicious Mary and I
have an announcement we want to tell you
so if you guys have been following our
vlogs for a little bit you'll know mary
has been wanting to get an ATV for quite
some time
and just the other day we got one one we
got one but then it's like how much fun
is just having one when you both want to
ride so we got another one these are so
much fun
we haven't even take them on a trail yet
because we don't have a trailer to hold
them with yes we're so excited to be so
much fun in the summer time writing
these on trails and in the woods and yes
this is a 2008 and this is a 2014 adb
both of them used good prices good deal
we just got away so we get our trailer
right now we're going to try and
rearrange them in the garage we're going
to try and park them like this way and
so that this way because when I pull my
car in it's like you can't walk to get
in the garage or the in the door and
this one is a snow plow so it would be
so much fun to pile the driveway and
then also if it snows a lot then we can
build snowboard ramps in the road so
come on
snow dry it up
if record
that's so fun
alright here's the new arrangement much
better are done because I only have all
this room for activities I want you to
do I don't know yeah let's try what do
you think Buford yeah so we can so get a
car in here and play ping-pong so get
this
Mary and I rented a red box movie
probably a week ago and I haven't
returned it yet
such a quick and easy task but it's so
easy to forget ah I want to tell you
something real quick I've been growing
my hair out
so I can put it up like this because
I've never tried that before so I was
like that'd be fun to try and then also
we're coming up on the one-year
anniversary of bald Andy so what I
wanted to do is have a picture where
it's a 1/2 meet very bald and the other
half with a new hairstyle with really
long hair I think it would just be a
cool-looking picture so that's mainly
the reason why I've been going on my
hair just wanted to tell you that until
11:30 now we just got done watching the
movie but I think it is time for bed I
just want to show you guys was really
excited my voice is deeper now I don't
know why this book came in the mail
super excited to read this love watching
him and his church online so that I will
get into soon I just got to finish up
this guy and I just got to finish up
this which normal stumbleth it's been a
great book definitely recommend this
