good evening everybody and welcome back
to vlog Andrew and I are in the car
right now heading up to the airport
because we have a special announcement
mandro take it away go into the
Caribbean yeah just kidding we're
actually picking up rat who's in here
this way they're coming out for the
short film here which is in a couple
days there's April so if any of you are
new we several months I think was like
mid last year Rasmus who is from Sweden
people are here and we did we've done
three short films with him so far
some of you guys may have seen it and
the trailer is out in our Channel so we
decided we wanted to do a short film
premiere here in our city where you guys
friends family could be invited but we
thought it would be exploder is Rasmus
came out as well to be a part of this so
and that also is a beautiful day out man
whoa there's an airplane coming it's 64
degrees outside first what do that
yeah that's a cool shot subscribe
what are you doing interesting huh
where'd you go hey they're cheatin up
the airport entrances and stuff and you
got me confused
where am I got parking lot we need a
pickup Rasmus you got me confused here
we are
passenger pickup yes he's somewhere in
here why didn't I see him he goes down
Rasmus haha he doesn't see us andrew
lifting it out oh yeah yes I was about
to get out and run
yoo-hoo no security topping Security's
helping yes he we made it back to the
house now
Rasmus food how does it feel to be back
in America good only good yeah do you
feel any jetlag no because I switch to
another time when I was in Sweden like a
week ago
so I'm suggested so are very similar I
know this is hopefully a lot of you guys
remember Rasmus but we will leave a link
to his channel he actually doesn't
YouTube videos there in Swedish but hey
still does it they're really
entertaining just check them out he's
going to be with us till the 27th so a
good time we're going to be doing some
fun things with the gang yeah and his
girlfriend energy she came to here she
disappeared into thin air I think
you she's over there hello there who's
over there is Hannah this is your second
time in America Wow
Rasmus how do you feel about that yes
come here often one yeah you guys are
welcome here any time but first let's go
get some food what is this anger good he
brought all these giant chocolate bars
chocolate did you say chocolate
chocolate chocolate
ja ja from Sweden you look at the
flavors
this one's granola and yogurt and
berries
we got fudge and ha basalt New York
chocolate and is your cup messes with
George Jung Min ha ha mint crow conk
Apple sign Pro and olio America a
really cool thing guys if he has the
finished product of the short film which
we're going to watch tonight so you guys
will see you soon hopefully you saw the
teaser oh boy look at this guys I got
the buffalo chicken buffalo chicken you
for central Expy what but you get the
feeling it's a Western barbecue wow it's
good what in the name of our nation is
green Oh
Rock economy
you're checking through all the goal
that was good was your meal good okay so
full yeah yeah yeah oh yeah it's not
10:00 p.m.
everybody's going to bed now but we'll
continue to blog in the morning all
please days lay down okay we're back
guys and we are at Office Depot because
something's happening tonight
why don't you guys tell them what's
going on oh uh premier yeah what
so we're stopping by office people
because we want to print off some
posters and sign them and give them out
to any of you guys any saying to come
it's ought to be fun so here it is a
little dark but we're going to print off
a sample see what it looks like on this
that's very nice yes our first printed
movie poster goal okay we're back home
and it's time to shower and get ready
the premiere is at 6:30 so I can't go
like this huh alright it helps we are
here walking up to the Broadmoor
everybody looking fresh what he got
there Andrew this is a red carpet this
is actually for a prank video that we
were going to do like a long time ago
but we didn't get around to it so now
we'll put it to use we got all the peels
back here Rasmus very pretty mom check
out private event that's right all right
we're just getting set up here's the
deer how cool is this got cool lighting
posters I know sound is going to be nice
sweet just a red carpet thank you
all right guys what's up what you guys
name okay of course say whatever you
want shout your jet and we got the four
ideas of you guys really awesome how are
you
I know why you like me hey it don't
matter as long as you're watching we
appreciate it
waiting for everybody to get in and
we're showing the trailer you're walking
with a big G desert laughs he's coming
threatens over me dumbass anywhere over
here just yeah they all say we'll be
sure to please important to be
sharpening forth
oh when we were
great alert hi bo is making fortunes for
your kids so it's just continued on oh
the little me Oriana e is a creature of
being with like everything and shouting
or shouting after her his life and then
I saw both the cool maybe salamander
really - yeah okay
alright guys we are done with the
premiere Alouette how do you think away
Andrew how to win you ain't good it went
well and now the night isn't over we're
just getting some pics by the by the
tree here how do you feel Rasmus yes
good but it is like almost 9 in the
little bottom I'm very hungry so let's
go chick-fil-a we got afterparty there
nuggets galore so we made it 9:00 p.m.
like we said it's late very hungry how
are you feeling you hungry yeah very
hungry yes I'm just stoked because we
have some really good friends who worked
with this chick-fil-a who own this
chick-fil-a so we're helping us do this
little after party and they're providing
some nuggets for all the guests and
everything and if you guys watching this
right now we appreciate another day so
thank you for your support and just
allowing that allowing us do this okay I
am your fan it's funny how it's 9:00
p.m. I wonder if people who are driving
by are wondering why it's so like packed
inside like literally designed Aaron Oh
they're what
all right we got the posters out done
and um you got people here hey peeps
yeah where is everybody
hi hi guys we just finished up with
chick-fil-a all these good old meals all
right hey hey hey guys how did you like
your milk enjoy my meal is fabulous
because they're so hungry
chick-fil-a just always just as fun if I
still nuggets if you want really yeah oh
right hey we are back to the house
finally and boy oh boy am i Taylor how
about you Britt you do you're tired
yes I'm so tired I'm so proud and so
excited guys I can't wait for you to see
the film I have already said this many
times but Britain in it she did so great
Nikki called Manjula it's okay her first
acting debut and like your natural
seriously I'm not just saying that no no
you guys will see and it's true I'm not
an actor oh but Brittany I grab some tea
cuz we're both Nick Mike not like
cuz I don't feel sick but I have only at
night I like get this cost lately it's
weird like during the day I'm fine and
then at night I just like I have to
cause I'm like we're not coming from I'm
trying to have this tea oh my goodness
baby she took was a few she's so happy
he's been home we're gonna from this
though camel mile bitches that ain't no
caffeine that's perfect
a relaxing style
oh yes mighty leaf but I suppose in the
vlog now it was a good day and it's been
fun having Rasmus and Hannah here we're
here for we're here till Thursday so
yeah we're going to go on some
adventures and explore I do apologize
Andrew and I apologize for the lack of
like vlogs lately we've just come you
know what's happened you guys know but I
appreciate you all coming back and hang
with us
I'm not we're not sure when the release
date will be for Soriano
but for YouTube but just know we're
going to upload it soon so you guys can
see it anyways I hope you have a great
rest your night
stay happy because you can choose to be
happy choose to see the good in the bad
and better yourself every day anything
else you want to say we love you and and
appreciate your support and God loves to
you see you back here tomorrow or
whenever we have all this I don't like
sleeping husband today
Oh what was I'm so happy now just
randomly remember that okay I don't know
your name
but there was someone odd tonight at the
premiere she's wearing a ball cap and
her hair was down there's a blue ball
cap and she walked in and he wanted to
talk to me but I didn't get a chance to
powder and like because there's a line
and everything and then like she left
with some of her friends but yeah I
didn't wanted to say it if you're
watching this and you know that that's
you I'm so sorry I wish I would have
like snagged you up because um yeah I
just feel really bad because it's like
she came and she's like I want to talk
to Brittany I'm like oh you know it's
hard to meet everybody I said everybody
but we do appreciate everybody who did
come tonight meeting you all with a
black I do apologize if I didn't get to
talk to you or Andrew
you know I mean this is a movie for the
boys but I just really appreciate people
who are like you know what like I want
ya knowledge me and so I appreciate you
acknowledging me and wanting to talk to
me that I just want to say I'm sorry I
appreciate you guys doing so have a good
night we'll see you soon bye bye oh good
night Oh
