hey guys so Brittany and I are super
excited to show you the brand-new
trailer for season 2 of relative brace
which we were on so check it out Miami
the Sun the sand and this year the start
of relatively for new couples have
submitted DNA and with it we found
living relatives scattered all across
the country and each couple will try to
find those relative faster than their
competitors however this time there's
more on the line more challenges more
surprises and more money $50,000 this is
relatively the next ten days will be a
test of endurance skill and willpower to
compete as a team with one goal to leave
with more families than you have now
your final destination is the city of
Boston I feel good about it your
relative race starts in three two one go
this is a ten day excursion each day
that we're on this show is another day
for us to see into meteorologist um we
always felt like we're just like super
excited to get in the race and just
dominate you have received your first
strike if you would said that
/ team blue love a good challenge we are
going to exceed we're not completed
safer place more in this regard always
at the end is the city of Boston and
$50,000 along the way you'll continue to
discover new relative hopefully by now
you've learned what worked best in this
game and what it will take to ultimately
get to the finish line
I just want to know my dad when mom died
at home I couldn't believe it
which is why this race to Philip quick
I'm your system
and
their first relative from my father's
side and I have never met we really want
to be here for like the longest time
because this is such a special
opportunity
what are you relative the last 48 hours
have been literally life altering their
camaraderie that that connection that
love when you can just tell it this is
what connects us when it happens at a
moment that we have it my job now we
know art I heard do any leave name this
is the real deal but the real emotions
connections in love
back to pushing you to keep going
it's been extremely exhausting in the
best way emotionally this is still
nerve-wracking right now my heart is
beating real fast
and trying so hard to be an encouraging
husband if we would have listened to me
we would have got long
because I'm going to turn it up or down
we go and pass out
yeah we definitely did have been a
better outlet
emotions are running really high right
now
you have not reached any limit oh my god
Ron we have no idea how the results are
going to go tonight
yes we did
we might be live every day I feel like I
am going so much like I'm growing
notices
so as you guys can see there is a lot of
emotion and a lot of just craziness and
competitiveness that comes out in us I
mean this show honestly was like the
best thing for us ever like our marriage
for us individually if she's a real yeah
and really the raw you're get to do the
real stuff and so I think it's going to
be really awesome for you guys to see
that a crazy fun adventure many twists
and turns and it is going to be an
incredibly fun season so we hope you
guys tune in March 5th details are below
and I'm so glad for you guys to see it
it's like just watching this trailer
made me emotional because it like put me
back into it like the family members
that we met and does everything I'm so
excited for you guys to see it so let us
know if you'll be tuning in in the
comments below and we'll see you guys
back here soon
goodbye
