well good morning everybody welcome back
to vlog I bet you can't guess where we
are right now currently Brittany and I
are in a hotel the Hilton because today
I'm working on a special project I'll
tell you guys about what exactly I'm
doing today once we get there but we had
a late flight last night Brittany and I
I didn't really blog it because it was
it was late and I just I started off in
the morning here it's 6:00 a.m. it looks
a bit ringing out today it's kind of to
see but yeah California they've been
having lots of rain lately so I guess
that's good but I am so excited for
today this is a really cool opportunity
and I can bring you guys along today to
show you behind the scenes and what
exactly we're doing so I think you'll
really enjoy today's vlog yeah here's a
little sneak peek at what what's
happening that's it this is the script
but here's our room we have a awesome
king-size bed that we slept in it was
pretty comfy I must add these pillows
are like fluff festival they are so
fluffy I don't know about you but when
it comes to pillows I prefer flat pills
but a lot of you may like fluffy pillows
and you got a desk over here and yeah
that's it pretty pretty nice yeah and
it's time for breakfast you did
but they said breakfast started at 6:00
a.m. I'm desperate for breakfast
oh I try but just such a nice Lobby -
something nothing dude this is awesome
what I got
we got eggs pancakes bacon and she said
we can make an omelet so I may be doing
that nice just waiting for our lyft
driver
Donald yay we're only 3,000 people in
the world can afford to actually buy
check with the manager now whimpers I
think we're here folks
okay guys so we have made it to the set
now I can finally tell you guys what
we're doing I'm working on a special fun
project with DreamWorks TV and Captain
Underpants so that's all I can tell you
really but I think it's so cool when I
first got the email about this
opportunity I was like Captain
Underpants did you guys ever read that
series it was probably one of my
favorite books to read as a elementary
student kid I like read all them they're
so funny and so I'm working with them
doing something really funny I think you
guys really liked it but I wanted to
show you guys around this set it is so
cool
what do you think about it Brittany did
you ever read the Captain Underpants
books
you're a Jew DB Jones instead but
Captain Underpants is being made into a
movie so this is going to be really cool
all right now let's show you guys around
the set so this is a completely whole
studio turned into a high school slash
middle school so we're shooting the
first scene right in here and then this
one right in here this is so dang cool
sets are just so cool how they can make
it like legitimately look like a school
and we're just inside some random like
building so this is going to be full of
students and we're going to be doing
some funny little promo I have a co-star
as well her name is Izzy so I'll
introduce you guys to her once she gets
here but let's show you the rest of this
place okay right here is another scene
this is the principal's office
beautiful the trophy's room doors i
legit feel like I'm in high school again
they got lockers
what's inside guys
it's a secret port inside the locker
this is the crew rooms are getting set
up it's got this this is going to be
involved don't want to get a couple of
makeup takeout staircase that leads to
nothing
getting all fabulous Omega okay you feel
toxin we're just finishing up hair and
makeup right now I want to introduce you
to the cool star that's going to be
acting with me Izzie what up you excited
for the shoot today
yep and your hair is looking fabulous if
you haven't seen her she's been a lot of
DreamWorks other DreamWorks TVs videos
and what's been your favorite project
you've acted in thus far your whole
career like my whole career yeah I
really like I turn my parents honestly
really we have to go out like kind of
money people which I was doing so this
is musically nice I thought I could get
half what I got a hold of that a check
of the set up I'm just really like
walking backwards don't trip
we don't mess up is he what yeah so
funny you look your problem laughing
just keep his cute it's really good
service
okay for this mean I'm visible so it's a
quick scene but there's a real-life duck
involved in scene
check out my desk many executive orders
being done today
detention your office
that is an amazing fall that's exactly
you detective who put the duck in my
room my coffee cup is empty the did you
see me holding this book the duck has
arrived
what that's so funny
mr. duck running through some more lines
here this is the snow see and I get
blasted with snow and let's clear this
guy will bring with them later
yeah we'll drop out in three to five
river
why don't you school me can you feel me
Clayton you can make awesome movie
well I think we're on to the final shot
of the day which is right over here we
just did some green screen stuff I think
we get ice cream dumped on our head
great
Oh guys check it out this is what it
looks like outside of everywhere we've
been shooting - Wow
whoops so they built this whole thing
pretty nifty it I can't wait for you
guys to see it though it should be in a
few day Captain Underpants and there's
going to be more of these as well
there's going to be like five episodes
or something for action does amazing huh
all right
from the realization Wow tickets long
great well that's a wrap everybody it's
6:10 p.m. so not late really probably
got a good shower and then Brittany and
I we're going to go get some food you
hungry Brittany we've got to leave
tomorrow
what's her place
yeah so we got the night to just hang
get some food and relax and then
tomorrow fly back home this is much
needed we're going to go to bed now but
good night everyone well guys make sure
go check out the video the full video on
DreamWorks YouTube channel link will be
in the description if it's not out right
now it will be out very soon so stay
tuned I'll tell you guys when it's out
and go leave a comment but I hope you
like today's vlog it was so fun for me
like just being a part of this project
like this is what I love to do and to be
working with DreamWorks is like the
coolest thing so I'm really excited to
show you the other episodes but we're
going to be working on next so yeah hope
you guys have a great day and we'll see
you back here soon goodbye
