well good morning everybody welcome back
through vlogs Britney and I are
officially back home as you can tell
we're back in our house from Uganda I
hope you guys enjoyed the Uganda vlogs
life-changing experience if you guys
ever get a chance to do a missions trip
I highly recommend it if you want your
life to be changed there's still much to
talk about but like just getting back
here in America I already want to go
back to Uganda and like just how easy we
have everything here go down the street
and there's a there's a grocery store I
have a car to drive everywhere I have
clean water in my faucet like it's hard
being back I'm telling you after going
to Uganda it's like it's not fair really
that's a good word that they have to
live in those conditions I don't want to
start the vlog off all sad or anything I
hope you guys are doing very well I hope
you're happy and energized and inspire
to live the great life you were called
to live but first I you're probably
wondering Justin why are you wearing a
suit why do you look so fancy
well Becket Yates here if you guys
remember Andrew and I have to go to
court today again and we have attorneys
actually so we're like let's just dress
up for it and hope for the best of
everything I'm just waiting for Andrew
to pick pick me up right now it's 7:45
a.m. Brittany and I have been so
jet-lagged like yesterday I woke up at
3:30 in the morning a.m. and was just
awake the whole morning like doing some
reading had an early breakfast so I'm
trying to get back on the normal
timeframe schedule here I think today I
was a little better but yeah whoa whoa
whoa look at you mr. fancy
are we gonna wear these you should
totally wear that in the meeting
I think they'll write off the whole
thing if you do that okay by the way did
you guys see our new prank involving
these we did that public on J su studios
so go check out check it guys it's
snowing here now okay we're like six
minutes late guys there's an hour sixth
oh yeah
yeah Municipal Court pretrial why bye
guys good guys yeah there are attorneys
we just got done meeting so what'd he
have to say we're leaving yeah yeah this
the court stuff is really confusing to
us so obviously we've never been to
court before dealt with this kind of
stuff so right
not sure what's going on but it's okay
we'll keep you guys updated though after
that we decided to come to nourish
organic juice bar what did you get bro
it's called the monkey bananas coffee
beans and very good
I do recommend I got these as well
banana nut muffins it sounded so good so
one for me and Britt she's making ours
right now as well we are here at a new
game store that I found because I
searched more game stores on Google and
this popped up I've never been here
before so gamers Haven it should be fun
this is like board games or video games
board games and stuff oh the age of
sigmar is coming get inside Wow the
quest of Gil Rob so many oh so many I
don't know but this is a fun looking
store there's so many games I'm in like
gamers Haven right now I love it dude I
can I am insanely impressed of these
figurines look how detailed there
there must be expensive what that game
is this oh how what are these huge but
if you buy that you immediately win I
think just steps on all these little
guys yes destiny oh my this is the game
sched i think you play over there in the
war world
this is where they play games this is
huge so many tables I have like all
these oh there's all that like the board
games and things we also are back at the
post office because we have to check the
peel box more often than not because you
guys
we're still getting letters from the
guys not sure how many have been sent
recently but let's go find out because
the last time we checked whoa we had an
overload it was Christmas time but you
know man we stopped to open all the
letters we still haven't done that yet
there we go
hey Aaron what did you find
hold on
an overflow that wasn't overflowing in
here oh look guys let's go see what's
out there
whoa this is awesome oh I can see it all
mr. yes
got some fan mail oh wow Marky's yeah
ooh another box team dude why are we
opening this stuff you okay we're in the
Jace do studious and associates
headquarters we just counted the letters
we have about a hundred letters from
justice pickup but but we still got this
box this box all those are letters we
got packages here and there so what
should we do soon Andrew
well here's kind of the game plan we're
gonna make a video of opening all the
packages which will be fun
yeah then we're gonna do a live stream
of the letters we'll figure out how to
do it on YouTube and Facebook so once we
actually do the boxes we'll be okay at
the end of that video go check out the
Facebook if you send us a letter and I
mean does that sound good news we've
always enjoyed opening up your fan mail
but now it's hard to open up every
single letter for a video because in the
past we've we'd go check the peer box
and get about like this many letters and
then we easily be able to open them all
for a video and make just a whole video
on this channel of just that fan mail
and you guys have probably seen that but
now it's just it's just overwhelmingly
large amounts of mail it's a good
problem
mmm-hmm Plus Buford we use him to figure
out which boxes have treats in them so
for example if you Buford
see he is not very interested this point
doesn't have any food in it
this Oh what in the heck okay so
oh here's the letter cuz Buford I left
the door open and I came back and here
he opened one of these packages and I'll
read what it says um I'll just read the
letter it's a short one time I am a sad
when watch our videos I love that you
are a Christian because I am too I like
all your videos but most of all your
forts and then it says please give the
toy to Buford
so Buford got in this package and took
his toy out other treats in it for us I
think there was like something like
cheese dip and stuff but he found this
package that said Bevers you found the
toy in him yeah he was playing with it
how I don't know he did this before too
he can find packages that has his name
on it or totally or treats so that's
that's why they closed this door he'll
get in and scavenge around you will not
have any of these Buford open on video
we shall very soon back home and Daisy
is destroying her potato look at the
rope what have you done what have you
done to mr. potato huh is this rope see
this is what happens when we give her
any sort of toy she tried and destroys
it and she knows she's being rude to mr.
potato look at that this is the end of
the vlog thanks for watching today
everyone if you guys haven't followed us
on our social media accounts you totally
should here's our usernames and if you
want to follow us on snapchat there's
just a link in the description that if
you click it it just sends you right to
snapchat and you don't have to do
anything it just follows us so we really
appreciate your support
really we have some really fun things
coming up soon and a lot of you may know
of them if you do already follow us on
snapchat and Twitter and stuff cuz we
are posting quite often on there so stay
tuned and we'll see you back here
tomorrow goodbye everyone
you
