you
i won
hey guys - hope you liked the new
trailer for our short film which is
coming out this month Andrew and I are
going to be having a short film premiere
here in Colorado that you guys can come
too if you want we're going to be
showing this short film that we've made
with Rasmus from Sweden we're going to
be showing it before we upload it to
this YouTube channel so if you live in
Colorado Springs or live near Colorado
and you want to come to the short film
premiere is going to be February 18th at
6:30 p.m. all the details are below and
if you guys are going to come please
RSVP because we need to know how many
people are going to come because there
is limited seating so click on the link
below it and we'll take you to the
Facebook event and you could say yes or
no or whatever you want but otherwise
thanks for watching I hope you liked it
and we hope to see you as a short film
premiere
