how'd everybody welcome back blogs guess
where we are now we have left the town
we have been staying in for the last few
vlogs here in Uganda and now okay I
don't know what city or town we're in
but we're on a safari right now and
we're outside of the Safari car going on
top of it
so awesome I've never been on a roof
before oh my god are we driving like
this
kind of get nervous let's see if I wake
up this music oh sorry
male right in there guys whoa
come out of the bushes play
we found a monkey where's the Nutella
cleaning it off because it stings like
you have a brain you know great
they threw a rich background
he doesn't like GMO food ready okay come
on down folks
before the lions arrive Oh James is
guarding us
Thank You game we're back to the hotel
just in time for dinner
Wow yeah we got a dancing party over
here how do you feel about this so
popular dance type
yeah guys get it get it
hit it lovely set up this OC what
instruments they're using so apparently
we have a Syrian buffet
whoa a wall I think that's the dessert
table looks like but yeah just a playful
veggies and healthy stuff I loved it
yeah
okay we are back in the room check this
out when we got here this giant net
wasn't up but we got the bed here a nice
little stand for all our stuff air
conditioning which is literally perfect
because it's like 10:00 p.m. and it's
still very hot outside so but we got to
get to bed we have to get up at like
6:00 a.m. and then we fly back home to
Colorado tomorrow as well
many flights and it's going to be a long
trip but I'm not really excited to go
home
let's go do that good morning I just
looked up fairly recently and I want to
show you the stuffing
all this is like the meat and hashbrowns
section and they've got fruits and
veggies over here and this fantastic
doughnut croissant but we have to rush
because we have to catch a boat to get
over the river and then get to the
airport
all right we're on the berry it doesn't
look like a boat at all but
all right this is a first why
oh right we are we made it back kind of
in town closer to the airport and we
have like two hours till our flight so
we stopped this like quick hotel and
we're all going to get showers before a
flight because we all need some showers
and get some dinners down oh well hey
buddy hey check this out and there's a
beach over here no way this is fabulous
oh thank you okay I didn't film the
dinner we were too hungry and whoa look
got distracted but it was good stuff we
heated I just had to get out of the bus
and now I have to walk through this
security before we go to the airport
never done this before yeah we did it
so Lena
alright back on the bus and to the
well guys
we made it home I feel like a blob so
tired and exhausted coming back was like
worse than getting there because just at
the time differences and not getting
much sleep so yeah haven't really
haven't really blogged that much on the
way back but we have made it home when I
was waiting for my sister to pick us up
I'm so glad we are back home now guys
but before you click away I want to end
this vlog with another opportunity for
you guys to be a part of so we recently
got some news that one of our sister
villages from Oh tomorrow two of them
have a very bad water situation and they
need may desperately need a well because
if you guys have watched the previous
vlogs of our trip and you solve a well
opening ceremony those were incredible
and it changed it's changing lives but I
just want to show you real quick
Brittany and I started a fundraiser on
Facebook it's on Brittany's profile and
we want to raise money to build a well
for these two villages and I think
you'll see why so here is the Facebook
I'll leave a link in the description of
this so if you want to donate all the
money a hundred percent is going to go
to building a well and we'll let you
guys know when it is built but just look
at this this is where they are drinking
water this is what they drink water from
unless their babies and wash their
babies and this how heartbreaking is
that this is their water only water
source so we want to do something about
this this is just honestly not
acceptable who would ever want to drink
out of that and like who knows how like
bad this is and unhealthy I'm sanitary
like know so if you guys want to be a
part of this we're going to we're going
to do it we want to raise money and then
film the whole process of building the
well so but it cost about six thousand
eight hundred dollars to build it but
Facebook takes to five percent fee so we
are we put it up to here so whether you
want to donate any of these amounts or
other even a dollar just think if each
one of you guys donate just $1 we could
easily have this funded so we do have we
put it on for 16 days so let us know if
you want to be a part of this it's like
I said it's on Brittany's profile we
really want to make a difference in
these people lives and you show them the
video that we posted off of your packet
I'm sure they saw it but like it is so
cool to think like like just inside like
they celebrate water like your species
should okay yeah it's so cool what did
you think about that it's like our
toilet water is cleaner than that like
you can drink out of art the toilet
basically if you're any oh yeah you
wondering out of the toilet but it's
just like so sad that coming
comparatively yeah it's like the
contrast between those two issues it's
heartbreaking
yeah like we literally pee in that
cleaner water yeah that's so true so
it's like I don't know there's a lot of
need but if you've already if you give
it and you feel like you can't you know
give like your tool ear awesome I think
you for giving but like just in bed like
you learned as a dollar you guys it
right yeah so we're wanting to do
something a part of a bigger picture in
life so let us know if you want to be
part of it link in the description if
you're wondering you can just click it a
send you right to it and yeah thanks for
listening guys I'll see you back here
tomorrow
good
