well good morning guys this is our last
day here in the town and we're starting
the day off here at the local office the
beauty fractions here office here it's
an awesome place we're here because
we're going to be organizing all of the
school supplies that the kids need when
they go to school I think in a few days
because the organization has got a bunch
of donations of school supplies and it's
really going to help out there the
families and kids here so just going to
organize that and oh before I continue I
wanted to give a shout out to Dalton
from West Virginia dude you are so
awesome he saw the video we did a few
weeks ago talking about what we're going
to be doing here and so he decided at
his local school that he wanted to
collect collect school supplies and
raise money for this organization so
Dalton dude that is the coolest news
that I've heard lately that you're going
out of your way to do this with your
school to raise money to help these kids
and as you can see they really need it
and they're going to be so appreciative
and thankful for you and what you're
doing at your school so thank you so
much and I'm sure when we come back when
Brittany and I come back to Uganda we'll
be able to show you just exactly where
your funds have been going how they've
been helping out the people here and the
school supplies obviously are going to
be put to great use because there's a
lot of kids here so thank you man
and if any of you guys want to do
something like that like Dalton is doing
at his school that would be incredible
and we'd love to have you guys a part of
the team and a part of this amazing
family and making a difference not only
for yourself in your community but
everyone here it seriously impact so
good morning Brittany mighty look at you
you're so colorful how are you doing
good
yeah put pencils mac and cheese thrown
on here Brandi in the dark donation
basically chaos what was that thankful
that people around the world will give
with a head and now they're shopping are
dull side things in their home and we
always want the best so we do not bring
a ton of stuff here because we don't
want to crush their market so anytime
you can you want to buy things locally
but there's always things that you
either can't get locally or it's just a
special gift so this represents hours
and hours and hours and edibles work and
donations and their sacrifice and we're
thankful reasons I feel different and
she's going to spend all the February
talking about them home smelling things
day and all that bit on actually sold it
on exhibit
well game how they're worth it and we're
going to live money and living love this
year at the rate of started by feeding
them some presents this reminds them
that people around the world feed him
welcome ah wish I could see their
reaction right but just knowing these
are going to make called you right
you'll post it on the Facebook page we
sure get me the pictures yeah and I'm
using for assets Uganda need for page
yesterday let's say the car wash
later that's the car walk yes pull over
ah it's all done getting the school
supplies sorted out and now we have to
head out to some well opening ceremonies
I'm so excited and all the people of the
villages are I can't even explain how
excited they are fresh water that's
closer some of these people have to walk
miles just to get water and so now with
the four well openings that are opening
up because of people like you donating
for Wells so we're gonna have some water
fights fresh water it's gonna be a blast
day I'm telling you all but one thing
that was on my mind while we were
sorting out that school stuff guys be
thankful that you all have went to
school or are in school or are going to
be in school because the people here
dream of going to school and what a
privilege it is for all of us to be able
to go to school so do your best in
school enjoy learning just have a
constant state of thankfulness because
it could always be worse we just got
back and everybody is coloring hey guys
let me find up on the route but look at
pastor Moses he is doing such a good job
coloring good you too I'm good
we've arrived at the first wall
everyone's outside for going under a
Mingo to hear they got chairs set up and
they even this village hired these guys
this thing can come how do they get
there they'll be the one holding no
you're going to be hugging their
decorated in everything so cool yeah
fresh water this guy's real moves on to
our village Oh jhamora they are getting
a well we're also excited and we got a
whole new band over here and their
instruments are so cool
Oh
please watch it operation here we go
making our way over to the well
freshwater excited ritalin so I'm like
having you know fresh water for like I
think there's like 800 people total that
this is going to help affect and better
their lives like her like her like her
like him
while it was a long day I didn't vlog
the two other well openings we went to
but we had to drive quite a bit of ways
the other two wall openings were very
similar to the ones that I found so it
was a lot of dancing and just a great
time water fights if you want to be a
part of the next well opening then just
more of this all you got to do is donate
and we are going to open up more well
with beauty for Ashes and these people
are insanely grateful some one of the
previous villages was saying that they
has been praying like 20 years 20 years
for fresh water and alone so you guys
can be an answer to some prayers if
that's something that's tugging on your
heart but we're back at the hotel now
and we're quite dirty
my shoes are soaked so it's kind of
shower and probably get some dinner
because it's like 7:30 here bled time
good night everybody
you
