well good morning everybody hope you're
having a great day today is going to be
a interesting day we're starting the day
off here at the local hospital and
Brandi just told us told us because
she's been here before that this
hospital has four surgeons for the two
million people that are in this area so
that's kind of a tough a tough thing
having only four surgeons but we're
going to be going around and praying for
the people and it's just going to give
us some perspective and also a part of
Brandis organization they have an
emergent Emergency Medical Fund so right
now Brandi's hurry and rescue but Brandi
just said that like it's 100 percent
empty right now oh really
so if you guys want to be a part of that
and help people out Brandi was saying
like a typical surgery like for a sick
mom would be about two hundred two
hundred fifty dollars and she said that
when the fund was full it saved some of
the moms lives which is crazy because
considering that bet that's there's only
four people here and yeah so it's just
kind of tough
so yeah well I'll try and vlog some
things but obviously I don't want to
vlog like too much so but just when I
like show you guys what it's like here
and maybe inspire you to want to help
these people out because guys they need
it they don't have money here they need
help also where they do it especially in
medicine so HIV as you guys know is a
virus and the way to
attack it is ARV antiretroviral the
trick is to be able to get your AR views
on a regular basis and to have the kind
of nutrition that supports this so we've
lost two moms in here one on Saturday
and one
and what
because they stopped in there man
because of different situations in their
life the abuse that they were being
trained from their brothers then just
being sick it's hard can you imagine the
hard work that they have to do for a
daily living and then get a speck on top
of that so we're really thankful for
this hospital all right this is the
maternity building we're going in here
first this is a delivery bed
they have three in brainy said it's
there if there are more than three they
have to deliver on the ground is the
children's ward now I mean here is
infection again so the kids have malaria
several other things this is the
emergency room and the very sick side of
tape over here right back on the bus now
well yep that's it for the hospital hope
that was a little eye-opening for you
guys although you weren't here I hope
that maybe change something in your
heart but anyways moving on I want to
continue a vlog with some positive vibes
well here at the local market which is
this happens once a week people from all
over the region come here to sell and
trade good a really big day Thursday big
day for everybody so food that they
couldn't be in this area they come from
far away and bring itself so maybe we'll
buy some things maybe love some cool
stuff looks like this area they're
selling many cassava root so this is
like a very popular food here it looks
like from here all the way down it's
just much I'm going to call this to stop
at Boulevard
so now we're in this market they're
coming really random stuff they're
selling so but now this is a food area
that they'll fish food grain budget and
we just ran into one of the Mamas within
this program and we just listened to her
story which is so cool
so this building we're standing in is a
restaurant that she binds she took out a
loan because of like what she learned in
the program and now she's actually
making money for her group and for her
family because of like what she's
invested in and now she's paying back
the loan she took survive it so she's
making food over here this is the
restaurant freakin cool is that Brandi
found some of the other mama Laura
Thielen fish oh and they're selling
termite I'm not going to be determined
super by my family dude have fun
gentlemen
so right here they got some blankets
Brittany did you get something I'm
trying to cover up yeah the Sun is so
bad out here so
and it looks Georgian professor I like
that pastor Moses is so awesome we
haven't filmed much with with him but
he's been translating for us and just a
lot of great stuff pastor Moses you're a
great guy Jamal's about listing chicken
yeah he's a young japanese a samosas
people are busy in the market it is a
food market yeah ah this table
is one day in the river disgusting and
if you bring people together from
different districts
it's crazy cool and everybody we are
deeply holiday busy so up here that
looks like they're sewing clothes which
i think is amazing yoga Noi that is so
cool is beautiful yeah she just sold
this together
- I'm sensing hearing he's making a
dress right here on the spot young girl
one minute Wow yes I just bought a
Uganda soccer jersey
it is so much and being the stars I'm
not really in our conditioning I don't
know how to say this 999 okay we are all
done with market that was overwhelming I
guess is a good word for it there's so
many people and it was so hot out we saw
kind of like an accident light out of
the way
you're taking some pictures
I got a mobile concert coming by well
before we leave we have made a bunch of
new friends here hey everyone
we got some dinner here beans rice and
some fries little that price everywhere
for breakfast we have fries and then
usually every dinner we have fries as
well but I ain't complaining this is
delish it is time for bed now I'm so
glad they have this mosquito net by the
way this is where we have been sleeping
every night it's really late now though
so I am going to go to bed now
I can't barely function while this is
banding yes I just shaved I forgot to
actually film an actual ending for this
video so I just wanted to make one real
quick and say thanks for watching guys
and just a heads up since we you guys
saw the hospital today
a lot of you who have been donating
donating the one time donation through
the website is going to go towards
helping the moms in our village who
needs some surgeries and need to go to
the doctor so just know your money is
being put to good use and I hope that
makes you happy because they really need
that help and you guys have come in and
been like a guardian angel for them so
can't wait to show you guys small vlog
and I hope you guys are all happy we'll
see you back here tomorrow good bye
you
