Oh oops were filming hey guys welcome
back to vlogs you guys doing today we
are doing so good
it's about to get better though I'm so
excited for this and it's had perfect
day actually for this idea yeah it's
very cold it's snowed last night here so
we are in the need for some cookies
that's what you do when it's cold
outside you bake some fresh cookies but
we're not gonna cook them into our house
we are gonna go today to a model home
and try and cook some cookies in a
random model home yes so first we gotta
go to the store to pick up some cookies
let's go inside and grab something what
did we just find how some people trying
to build a letter for guys look they're
in the for what what are you guys doing
for builders approved alright we grab
some milk
vanilla milk now on time for some
cookies oh but you see a flavor this one
babies I love that let's get it
are there any other supplies we need
thank you are they gonna have cookie
sheets like temple-like one we went and
recently a member and they had tin foil
already in the oven so we can that's
right but not all supplies he's got to
supply so we've been to this model home
before so if the same person is in there
we may ask her if we can make cookies
we'll see but there's a few model houses
around this area we're going to do
different styles we'll try a sneak one
so putting your pocket my pocket yeah
through the door now we have to assess
the kitchen situation our concern is
when we push the button that's gonna be
really loud yeah the directions now yeah
350 okay maybe so bright a 13 to 17
minutes
we're still looking just kind of get a
feel for that whole house these in the
fridge okay it's warming up you like
what where no the front door yeah no I
felt I think also it'll make like I
think if you were working here gonna
make the real estate agents day if you
like cookies by the way I gotta be like
yes best customers ever I agree but
she's gonna be confused like wait where
did you get these are they fresh baked
cookies
stay better somebody else's come in the
door microwave
on your phone okay it detects three
timer timer for how long
just ten minutes he said 7-eleven or do
we have to be in here for 12 minutes
okay don't worry she's dead
yes we actually wanted to surprise you
with cookies
we bought the cookies we were trying to
make people's day better since it's cold
out so we wanted to just come in did you
want some we weren't trying to be okay
yeah it's okay I didn't get concerned -
guys the cookies over there like
beginning to form
I guess we can try okay we're going to a
different place we totally understand
their concern but we just want to make
the day better so we're gonna have to go
to different one and ask them and see if
we can do it for a different real estate
person what our cookies are still in the
oven
yeah she said we can just leave them
social prion them later so she gets four
cookies now oh well at least in this
there's had 12 cookies
oh okay so we have any good amount left
not even mad all right we made it to the
next house guys are you ready for this
we have to get successful cookies baked
now and try a bite this time we're gonna
ask them if they all know us ready yeah
the time okay we make videos and we are
wondering yeah with your permission we
are trying to make people's days better
by making cookies or then would you
really yeah that's so random I know
we're pretty rare but we're really gonna
make some cookies yeah 50 all right
looks like we don't have a baking pan
baking sheets we have two all right
here's a cookie sheet all right cookie
sheet ready to go ah there's a potential
customer here as well oh oh
they are chocolate chip cookies so he
said he'll have two cookies she will
have one I'll have one that's good now
oh it's yes yes it's ready okay be so
good
timer Oh quick 12 minutes yep okay oh
the Olympics are on got some
entertainment as well yeah we can
actually like look at the house if you
want it just feels so weird being here
you know I feel like I'm in some random
person's house just acting like it's my
house okay okay oh this is nice
do you guys like going to model houses
and just kind of looking at the styles
and stuff because that's actually a plus
for this is we get to look at all the
different things good ideas for our
house like I love this concept yeah Wow
guys over here what's that sound
that means the cookies are done check it
out oh maybe are they done oh oh oh
a few of what was really messed up this
is we didn't bring enough milk for
everybody that looks pretty good now
hopefully since you sprayed it they
shouldn't stick that's the goal so I got
to get these off Wow kind of hot wait
run desperate yeah
so I'm silverware so we can our spatula
I get the cookies guys that's gonna be
so good probably go to one for me and
one for you yes thank you
how's the first bite your first ever
homemade cookie that you made in a model
home how do you feel it's so good try
good call and getting some milk too
let's try this nice snowy day I've got
the Olympics playing all right guys we
just finished our cookies have some time
relaxing man I'm glad we found some
place to do this yeah feel like we made
some new friends here as well like it
just kind of seems like we're at their
house right now just hanging out yeah we
should tell me thanks for inviting us
over yeah we come back over another time
the hangar are you ready to go home yeah
I mean not really kind of actually I'm
moving in yeah maybe they let us choose
a room and hang perfect good rent hope
the cookies were good you're welcome
back home to our actual home now yep
that was a fun adventure guys model
homes were fun you guys can leave
comments if you can think of any other
ideas we can do in a model house that
would be fun or something you want to
see us try leave a comment yeah but also
leave a like because we completed the
mission cookies now here's a special
ending from our one of our favorite be
ball players
thank you
