hello everybody welcome back to vlog
Brittany now I got a full eight hours of
sleep last night and we've been eating
it because the last few days and we be
getting only been running off like a few
hours of sleep so I'm really excited for
today we just got done with breakfast
and I'm actually not fully sure what is
happening today but there should be a
good one either way so yeah we're still
the hotel we're all meeting in a room
and then heading off of the bus to where
we're going so good how is your mood
ginger morning since we can roll about
that you like the sucker I wish I could
have one oh my god Justin your lips well
the first thing we're going to do is
we're going to go to two words of County
and we're going to visit a couple of
homes
people who may have already been in the
program a little day we doubled our
literacy quest program earlier this year
and a hundred and fifty months of Nazi
program so far Vanya literacy quest
because it's reading writing basic math
sanitation and hygiene you'll hear them
call it your functional adult literacy
there immediately applies to their
everyday life
okay we're going four-wheel driving ah
yeah in this van
well oh ah American TV we tried in a van
a 15 we have made it here to our final
destination and we're going to be shown
around their property and see their home
as you can see all the kiddos have come
out and it is a very warm day so luckily
I put some sunscreen on I'm going to get
burned if I don't hide in the shade yeah
this is a the path we took to get here I
guess it's just a bike path but the
vehicle made its way and we went through
a ton of winding roads to we're just
teaching them a fun game of
rock-paper-scissors I think he's got it
down okay he's good
okay so we're at a Mama's house who has
been through the beauty for Ashes
program and that basically means they
had education paid for so they could go
to school and study how to you know live
life better and how to grow things just
basic learning skills so we want to move
on to see what an impact of schooling
has done on their lives that is Kosovo
so what does that use for anything hold
on a break
that's why Craig you can drive you can
actually drill it and eat it raw or you
can dry it and then crushed extra nice
flower Brittany is becoming a pro that's
all become EC he went like like a singer
by so I've joked out yourself so our
literacy plus programs as reading
writing basic maths sanitation and
hygiene and the sanitation and hygiene
is a huge part because you don't know
what you don't know until right here how
to keep your home clean and freedom
peace how would you know how to do that
so this is one of the things that
instead of her chickens is running free
she made this amazing clay house Wow for
her chicken incredible so cool I bet the
chickens appreciate that right drooping
and
everything okay I think someone's over
here you'll see that her kitchen
supplies now have a table so instead of
keeping her pots on the ground or they
can get dirty
she has made her own table beautiful but
awesome
so she has a pottery business and we saw
the clay over there and a hole basically
that she'd covered up with some blankets
to keep it soft she's dug underneath to
keep it wet and then she is making and
designing these pots that's incredible
that beautiful oh I so want one I don't
think usually I'm like if you have some
paint yeah - right
you see what education can do without
this education who knows where they'd be
really yes and she what we have to
recognize is she that is brilliant and
beautiful and crafty and has this
artistic flair and all we get to do is
we get to empower her to be the best
version of herself
we didn't say like you should do this
this is her coming out because she's one
is brilliant and amazing that's what's
so cool about the brandies program and
her nonprofit like getting sponsors to
help empower these women so they can go
to school and learn all these things
like she said we're not telling a tell
me look good they're making the choice
to change their life and better their
life guys look she has her own little
baby cow hey Becky so this is the mama
and the creator's pot and owner of this
land
incredible work this design we're buying
stuff from her man she sells them for 75
cents at the market I look taking them
all we're taking them all depending on
us many years like me one good market
sale of the market so this is a good day
for selling a very good legitimate for
not only see and I'm not very Oh
yay you're living you're beautiful we're
in a different village area now and by
the way my scrape his living room
I'll let grace is from tomorrow no way
to develop it we define an intuitive
reason she remembers to clean her home
home but after that in school like you
cannot clean have workmanship and pick
house in Flint
yeah so great we got the bed a clothes
rack yeah you like the bit I another
nice help you okay so this is like the
house you just showed you is Justin and
then and you that's my mom's name
you are welcome I'm going to a gym or oh
yeah because this is the village that
Brittany and I are advocates for so see
that it's just wow you just chillin up
here if you like blue bar yeah he likes
the cassava holder this is like yeah her
storage space I have a net you know yes
they're so good at life you guys like
the granary is in like the stories in
the Bible this is a granary oh yeah
goodness flips it up and that's where
the green goes yeah it's just crazy to
see like how much an education can just
change everything
women come back she's just crazy guys so
a few videos ago I posted or not a few B
just like a few weeks ago I posted a
video telling you guys about this stuff
so if you guys want to be a part of the
amazing change that we are seeing right
now in these villages you can sign up in
the link in the description every month
there's different donation amounts but
what we do is there's a every month once
a month I think it's about 20 something
dollars goes to these goes to pay these
women to go to school so they can learn
to do this kind of stuff and it is just
it's crazy to see like the schooling and
it coming into action where they live
like seeing all these buildings amazing
work they're doing it's like so this
happens so often here it's crazy like
they don't know what when they come to
us cheering dancing singing and giving
us all hugs like there's a lot to learn
here guys
hahaha
ah oh ah
hey whoa look good job good job
I know how to braid her hair
that's one affable working at night
everybody's bag is and then it gets you
can we uh no we just heard a lot of you
testimony just what they've been
learning so now they just introduced
Brittany we're a different place by the
way this is her favorite song and I love
it she keeps playing my snapchat of her
are they just like the cutest sisters
ever seen one more time well they're
cooking dinner for a matter uh and then
we're gonna bring it out oh my god how
long it's gonna go on for but here is
dinner tonight I'm on a feast prepared
okay well guys as always thanks for
tuning in today what a spectacular day
to be able to just experience what we
experienced how cool is it to see like
the changes that are taking place I love
it I know I love being able to see
something in action and something
working and just all that stuff so today
I thoroughly enjoyed and I want to give
shout outs you guys I am so happy right
now quick shout outs to you guys
so Braden Murphy he donated fifty
dollars to our village
Matthew do burly 23 dollars he donated a
one-time donation both those and we have
two brand new monthly donors Josh taken
he decided to join our village and Matt
Candace and Bailey Baker all you guys
thank you so much for taking the time
out of your day to donate and help this
cause and it's going to be a fun
adventure and I'm so glad you decided to
join our family and be a part of this
journey with us so we love you guys
thank you may God bless you I'm guessin
happy spirits right now so I'm going to
end the vlog like that hope you guys
have a great rest of the day we'll see
you back here tomorrow for another fun
you've gone to blog
you
