well good morning everybody I am first
day first official full day here in
Uganda and breakfast is ready
can I even light out yet but they called
us and like hey breakfast ready come on
down like oh you know it so let's see
for 10 yeah I'm really kind of what is
it red you on come on yes we can finally
see now breakfast was energizing I feel
not tired not jet-lagged at all but now
we got to get on the bus because we have
to take a little small slice through
you're going to like a 45-minute flight
to go to the villages and I've heard it
this flight it can be really fun so
thank you Bertie the bus is leaving
hurry Ron Fred I'll ever have a window
can just be open to hang out the window
I'm going to have to introduce you guys
to the whole team
but this Kara you guys will be seeing a
lot of her we got our main man driving
those members kid
you're doing a good job driving Joseph
guys jesus loves you delicious snacks
yes beautiful day out here as well
I think we're actually getting into the
busier part of town
why do you go say I love it hire this
man yoga means hello in Uganda Yogi's
hello and SSS Oliver so where we're
going with all the tests every second a
week
FSO we're having some nice you know
yellow for rosetta stone for this one
Wow yeah so we have to just learn as we
go Yoga Yoga I will be saying that we're
making at the airfield this is a queen
of very tiny little Airport Johanna we
are here
I'm telling you guys it's going to be a
tiny plane this is security
Wow I got you a flower lo for you you
can get there's our tickets and here is
the plane we're taking this is so
awesome huh
era and wow this is tiny
Boston sound like a private jet yeah
here I think Randy here we go we get a
great view too I think they go over a
few things before we take off
have you guys long this before no
welcome for those who are applying for
funds back I would just like know
I exercise
chugga guys a societal River
considering sometimes not a
we're here oh yeah they're all the mama
and kid so happy they walk here just to
meet everybody oh so great hugs all over
the place just a bear thing guys come
he's at home he's have a damn fun right
now
hyah
your etcetera I'm not sure what it's
called but having that because I can
that 1,000 plus his here
I wasn't logging it but we just had a
big dance party okay let's get
ridiculous Scott everyone's here
doctor Championships going on I had a
good day so far
yeah big photo shoot here
this guy's introducing us to everyone on
this whole field
I disagree and I have a later episode 20
from second female is reading - Trish a
good one and my
connectors one for first of all I want
to say in background so I can see that
on the phone
back at our hotel I haven't given it to
her yet but today has just been wild a
lot of things didn't film obviously but
I think today is the day the most hugs
I've ever gotten in one day
the people here and their kindness and
just respect is insane I can't even
begin to explain everything that
happened but walk right now I'm so tired
but it is time for dinner I'm going to
sleep because whoa what a great first
day here I am just completely happy and
I am excited to see what happens next
like I've mentioned once before if you
guys want to be a part of this with
Brittany and I you can join our village
which is Oh tomorrow I think we need
about 20 more villagers to have our
village completely funded and it only
costs $23 a month and that covers the
schooling costs for the kids to go to
school and all the educational stuff as
you can see and will continue to see
throughout the vlogs this week it is
really changing lives and of course we
want you to be a part of this if you
join our village you'll join the private
Facebook group that we're a part of
which is right here Oh tomorrow villages
where Brittany and I are we're going to
be posting pictures and you can see all
the pictures of everybody who's in the
group and like a little profile based on
what they know and what the Mamas have
told us about themselves and we can all
be a little family together I want to
give a quick shout out to two people who
have already jumped in to help be a part
of this Jan thank you so much for your
$100 donation you have no idea
that is going to be extremely helpful
and Dalton from West Virginia I'll give
you a proper shout out in a vlog sooner
but yeah thank you guys it really needs
like 20 more people at $23 a month
that's
really like I think it's totally doable
and I we just love to have you guys part
of this so if you've been looking for
something to be a part of for a while
now I encourage you to do it as soon as
possible because you'll get distracted I
just happened to me before and then you
forget about it you put it off to the
side be proactive and join if that's
something that's been pushing on your
heart so here's the site beauty for
Ashes and the first thing you just click
join a village and join our village
folks scroll down here and you scroll
down to code Jim Maru red fire and you
can choose any of these amounts you can
do it weekly monthly whatever you want
and let's change lives together I'll
remind you guys about this at the end of
each vlog because I think it's really
important and I'd love to get it funded
and this is going to be a fun rest of
the week vlog so I hope you're excited
and thanks for just hanging in there
with me in Brittany we love you guys
have a great rest of your day we'll see
you back here tomorrow
you
