well good morning everybody it is almost
3 a.m. here whoa we got like an hour of
sleep
probably total so that's not good but
that's ok pretty nigh are all packed up
for Uganda and the adventure begins we
find there get tired of that we have
made it to dia how you feeling yeah oh
we're with Brandi
you guys remember her we're going to
Uganda oh my goodness
yes there's barely anybody here this
early so is the worst coming through
security with many lines got it here so
this we're so early we want to see if
there's chick-fil-a is open any
breakfast
and there's trickling this airport so
whoa yes both elected it won't be open
because it's like boy we don't want we
need okay where's me here before we
exactly otherwise we're stuck with
McDonald's Josh our baggages oh yeah we
only packed in these backpacks and
apparently we should have packed him
this last minute luckily Brandi told us
and was like we can't pack in myself I'm
sorry
you know I'm like crap oh it's right
there it's cool oh wow
holla wait nine minutes Wow brandi is
desperate okay
stay open in five oh good so if I just
stand in there yes we won what the bad
people are delightful yes
brandi is the first one to get hurt so
I'm so excited I am on a day we're going
to like double win what everyone that
could there be in the world okay girl
open up those many oh it's funny that
we're not feigning the excitement
acknowledge it this is like legit our
hearts are so happy
well we are in Minneapolis now we had a
quick flight here and then from here we
fly to Amsterdam which our next flight
is in like four hours so like we already
be going to be flying up I don't need a
vlog every flight for you guys but yeah
here's the weather foggy rainy and cold
yay
start waiting for our next flight I'm
just taking some time to read the word
because I got the dadgum TV plan all
like the bed up there they got all the
protest going on and not good vibes for
me so really helping right now good
stuff but we still died about two hours
so hiding it some lunch soon and then
Amsterdam we go a nice salad for lunch
run the blade out get an eight hour
flight
got a window and I'll see so this is
pretty fabulous event to it and look
I've never seen this on here but it's
not GMO snacks
after eight hours we are officially here
in the amsterdam airport
now our layover here is is too long so
we can't really explore the city but we
did come to europe i think there's like
two years ago so you saw those claws but
definitely not to come back but check
out this airport it is fabulous so like
we're in a mall right now don't you
think seriously what the house of tulips
you want some flowers
alright we got one more final little
wait
well here's the guys just look at this
architecture
does not feel like an airport at all
great Wi-Fi isn't working here okay I
guess I'm off to talk to each other
how'd you committee really good it's a
banana orange juice and four other fruit
blend again we're getting on the next
slide and this flight is also another
eight hours great
so total of like 16 hours and just just
in flight and then with the layover it's
like a whole day of just travel
this is a long day I don't think we'll
be able to sleep so we get to you've got
a 10:00 p.m. and then we get to our
hotel midnight so yeah sorry this first
leg of the trip is insane entertaining
but I guess I'd throw this event see the
whole process now there's topics of work
so we're almost there but this is our
water not a waterfall is like a pudding
pouch
oh you're my here thank you whoa
just all got our bag and it's kind of
hot here the weather is like 70 degrees
outside at 10 p.m. right now but I
didn't get this jacket off but we're
taking all our stuff to our first hotel
making our way down to the but we're
officially outside and it is nice we
just made it to a bunch check this out
guys this is so cool
we're just taking out some clothes for
tomorrow and then our other bags are
going to be driven to the hotel which
one's going to a different hotel
tomorrow tonight we're just saying like
at a local hotel yeah you're welcome to
it a lot oh cool thanks yeah
we are late
I'm guessing this is where breakfast
will be held so Brandis getting us all
checked in right now you guys remember
brandy from Beauty brashness of course
and if you want to fall like some more
pie making pitchers it's going to be on
their Facebook page beauty for Ashes
you've gone better if you guys want to
do that he just took us to our room
let's give you guys a quick tour
let's endorse up bugs don't come in but
this is like the Hangout headquarters
we're only going to be here for
literally the night but still this is
really nice got this a little fridge
come over here we got that bathroom of
course then the bedroom suite you think
well it's just it's so exciting to be
here you have no idea guys we have a lot
of fun things planned this week while
we're here in Uganda so tomorrow we have
to get up early because we actually have
another short flight to the actual
villages and where we're going to be
like hanging out with the all the people
and all the activities is going down I'm
going to take another small flight so
that would be fun but it is time for bed
now it's midnight and we got to get up
in 6 hours so going to get some sleep we
hope you guys come back tomorrow because
trust me we got a lot of fun stuff in
the store see you later good bye
