what is up guys welcome back to vlogs
yeah
this morning I've been checking my
Amazon account because there's a package
coming that I really really really want
to open and play with and it said that
it's at the local post office at 9:00
this morning so I'm just waiting until
the mailman comes but in the meantime
let's go over to my parents house and
see if we can find any old footage
because yesterday someone suggested that
we did that that's a good idea
Buford Buford Buford you want to go come
on
Buford let's go I really need a car wash
I mean look at this you
I didn't show you this before but during
that huge windstorm one of my parents
trees blew down and this is the root
system in the trunk I mean this thing
was like tall and the wind blew it down
and my dad's been chopping it up but it
was sort of like a mini miracle because
this tree just felt completely perfect
it didn't hurt this tree my dad's truck
was parked right there and it landed
right in between here didn't hurt the
fence didn't fall that way on the camper
of the house his other trees there's
just that one little spot that a felon I
was perfect did you get there I sent a
flying monkey a flying monkey if you
ever go in other news Aaron moved out
this is his old room and this bed still
here but we can't play guess what
Aaron's doing anymore because he doesn't
live here anymore
this thing has a lot of like old heaps
and stuff she even reads like what some
of this stuff says I think some of these
are music this is music what's over here
this is a tape what's on here fifth
grade Andrew what how do you play this
Mexico 1999 so that'd be fun to look at
since we just got back from Mexico my
parents used to take the footage they
filmed and put it on VHS tapes so I'm
seeing prime knows but also so you just
play back these tapes that would be fun
too so I found my parents old camera I
think this is what they filmed with if
it is it's like they took this whole
thing to Mexico thing's huge it's huge
Buford huh
it's a lot I wonder what that is we'll
put it to the side for now what should
we watch let's go into Mexico footage
can't think of any way to plug this in
to the computer cause I just have to
watch it on the screen these are even a
screen on this thing this thing won't
work you could push it down push it in
come on I can't get this whole thing to
work well never know what's on these
tapes but here's the collection a VHS
page we can see in here in fact these
are just movies October sky some Billy
Graham gotta find these old VHS tapes
somewhere and where are they very dark
but I found some more those are all
movies as well I found one thing labeled
birthdays just could be interesting
Oh birthdays is the only tape I can find
wish I could find this one in Drew's
movies you should make all my movies on
little cassette tapes well we can't even
play them then take these tapes and that
VHS tape have a camera at my house that
I don't know if it'll fit or not but I'm
going to try and then I do have a VHS
player so we can watch that when you get
home I see the mailman because then
Amazon package I can't help it's as far
as I can zoom once mailman leaves I
don't want to be awkward and go there
when he's putting the package in but
once you leave I'll go check the mail
currently uploading vlog if you haven't
seen this vlog yet you should go check
it out it is pretty fun but yeah almost
there I do have one gripe with YouTube
and this happened yesterday you spend
all this time filming a video editing
the videos and uploading the video only
for YouTube not to send out a
notification that it was uploaded so
it's like ah one thing you should do
immediately is per do this for all your
favourite youtubers as well go to their
channel and make sure you are indeed
subscribed but also that your
notifications are on because that's how
you'll know will upload or whoever you
watch out loud
subscribe notification
boom the mailman just left go check the
box it's snowing outside I didn't know
it supposed to so today yeah two
packages yay here's the box folks I am
so excited a new board game clink a deck
building adventure the seam looks so fun
and that maybe you want to buy it one
some friends come over show you the
design and now works and stuff but yeah
board games are so fun as you guys have
seen in some of our previous vlogs we go
out by board games and I recently just
learned that there's a convention for
like board games was it called by Gen
Con wow that looks fun pubes they have I
call these board game setup who's taking
pictures of me
sorry here's the board game this one's
cool because there's this one and then
you can play another version on the
other side let's begin shall we
we just finished the first game of clay
what did you think thought it was really
fun yeah it's super fun deck building
games are one of my faves but since this
board is double-sided we're going to try
the other side let's take a look outside
real quick
it is actually kind of snowing a little
bit the sampling is all covered about
time to make some dinner
what are you chopping ah you need
anything just ate it but this part is
blue apron which is a really cool
company where you sign up and they send
you food ingredients in the mail it's
really easy to follow the instructions
and cook some yummy meals my job right
now is to pour the yogurt into this bowl
and mix it up don't mess it up you
forgot these new snacks and Mary is
trying to make me eat one why it's like
oh it's hanging in character so I told
I'd have one if she has one in it oh
this is such a weird thing yeah that's
really good I thought you got okay I
want to that's really good oh no it's
not uh-huh you like dog food what's
great about the blue ypres meals is
these ones are a four-person meal and
since there's only two of us we have two
for dinner and then two leftovers
special weird like concoction here it's
yogurt with paprika cilantro and vinegar
so you're going to put it real smell
like bacon bit yes
also bay just came out with a new
product line it's called bay black and
they're basically like sodas this one's
like a cream soda other words in the
pack they're the cola a root beer and a
ginger ale they're all really good I've
already had a couple sips and the
bubbles don't stop the bubbles
here's my old video camera dang it
every time I feel I could get one step
closer to being a look at these tapes
there's a roadblock but this camera is
dead and the charging cable wasn't in
this box
so I can't even open up this bottom to
get the tape out or in it just does
nothing marry set up the VCR so we can
watch the VHS tape of birthdays these
are birthdays from before and after I
was born so correct
I think wait a little I think the first
one on here is my first birthday when I
was a wee little one-year-old also do
you guys like our new rug Oh what I was
supposed to go and live down here now
well we bought this for our bedroom oh I
didn't even show you guys our new bed
yet
I'll show them first but anyway we were
going to put this in our bedroom but we
decided to put it down here because
Beaufort keeps pooping on the carpet so
if you just like it gets too cold and if
you're not like standing out there with
him for ten minutes he doesn't like your
coupons welcome to school yeah our bed
isn't made so forgive us that is me
this is made ah the king-sized bed
yay so free guys it's like any other
planet I know so much room so we got two
M nightstands this big chest and a
dresser for our clothes this is like a
bedroom gaming station Mary's got her we
because she likes to play Zelda I got a
ps4 is playing ah that's my birthday
August 14th you said ask me guys there's
mom do you guys recognize this house at
all the cabinets are all the same though
you're in the shot
check out this next shot that's dad what
kind of pants are these they're like
almost long pants but almost short no
talk about 90s now those are old oh man
that was our old dog you have a beagle
which is why I don't know I guess that's
why I like beagles little Buford his
name was bigger you like to dig oh yeah
that was my first word was diggers a new
birthday I'm too now there's bigger
castle under Gannon what's happening
three years old my dad still has this
truck by the way hmm mmm
I like being upon my camera the world
safe to say I was number a baseball
player
check out this Fresh Prince of bel-air
hat and a jacket see me rollin they
hatin totally trying to get me right
I'm gonna get you ridin dirty well hope
you guys enjoy some throwback videos all
the way back throwback
it's fun to look back at your old self
see what you like well you need to touch
so many Aaron wasn't born until I was
like 7 years old so the only only dude
around you always do you guys like my
new hairstyle huh oh you're holding the
roof up with all your strings and push
the dice today it's a strange boy like a
band-aid
oh that's hurting me you know just
because school Oh give it back a little
hair the next day now I haven't really
been vlogging today I just haven't been
feeling too well my throat's kind of
scratchy and my nose has been running
all day so ah
but tonight is youth group night and I
wanted to show you our setup cuz it's
pretty fun let's go set up here
I don't know
very made cool slide with lyrics oh
they're pretty cool good job high five
kids are playing games and that's youth
group
it's called tele O's for high school
kids if you're in the area you can come
check it out if you want that Chapel
Hills Church from you to 6:30 on
Thursday nights
so come if you want and we've reached
that part in the video where it is the
end of the vlog I'm still not feeling
100% windows as I kind of stuffed up so
I have a fun vlog idea for tomorrow and
I'm be filming but that's it I want to
leave you with a quick quote I used to
work in childcare for the Air Force this
has been a few years ago but I was
talking with this little girl she was in
first grade I don't know what we're
talking about but she said if you don't
love yourself you're going to get
dehydrated which like in the moment
you're just saying like you don't you
get dehydrated you don't drink enough
water not when you don't love yourself
but it makes sense so I want you guys to
stop right now whatever you're doing and
give yourself a big hug it's pretty
common for today's youth to get in the
mindset that they're not important or
they don't matter but I'm here to tell
you that each and every one of you was
uniquely designed with a purpose you do
matter you are important give yourself a
big hug and don't get dehydrated once
you guys hear tomorrow
