what's up guys welcome to today's vlog I
am extremely hungry right now let's go
get some lunch I am running very low on
gas not good holy cow this is cold
outside today boom
anyway I usually get the caramel chicken
it's real good
I feel much better now I got food in my
system also if you didn't notice I'm
filming today's vlog with the bigger
Sony camera I'm going to try and get
more used to filming with this one
because I like the small Canaan camera
it's so easy to some lens but this just
looks so much better
anyways I didn't really know what to
film for today's vlog so I tweeted out
asking you guys what you wanted to see
and a screen shot at some of my favorite
ones so let's take a look here Toby says
do boxing sisters for football cards
alright you got it
go thus work get a small box nothing
huge or major just a small little snack
nails guards sports in gaming cards
let's go see what they got
how many options the other 13 I was
searching and after a while and I found
two boxes that are gonna be fun to open
let's see three up this a 2014 prestige
not bad then I found this gem in their
2011 Don Russell week box in there oh
man Adrian Peterson are you kidding me
yeah anyways let's get home so we can
open up these boxes Buford you have a
lot of toys yes you do you have a lot of
toys how do you have time to play with
all these guys alright guys time for
some box
I think we'll start with this box the
2014 one I'm going to save the 2011 one
because if we get a very rare Adrian
Peterson oh yeah great old box not too
old 2014 not that old but what there's a
package unit different what is that
that's a cool car Johnny Manzel package
front what would you take a look at this
an heiress Ebron red rookie card thing
py Hilton kalonzo extra what is that
whoa that's a cool rookie card
LaMarcus Joyner DeAngelo Williams right
Cooper Matt Ryan pretty cool oh sure
come here
Chad Lamar bride whose did AJ McCarron
pretty cool
Zach rowdy you lied Jenny
Greg I'm going to open up the rest of
them and show you if I get any rares
there's a lot of packs here I can't open
all of them on camera nothing super
special in that pack this is a cool card
this is cool Adrian Peterson but this is
the rare of the box autographed rookie
card Jared and Brad Eris I think I've
heard of him before but huh pretty cool
now box two
2011 we have 5 packs here hope for the
best for some Adrian Peterson rares
Garrett hmm what mate Washington out of
299 Jersey whoa whoa look at in Tebow
haha yes
Oh another rare and Andy Dalton rookie
card at a 9.99 this was about a 999 as
well so another rookie card Darvin Adams
never heard of them
two more packs left and uh but okay no
rares in that pack Frank Gore whoo whoa
Larry Fitzgerald now 289 blue foil
that's so cool so we didn't get any
autographs but this one's really cool
also a Tim Tebow card
yeah Patrick said nature and I really
wanted to film something nature ish
today but like I said earlier they're so
cold outside and when d so can't even
fly the drone super cold not a good day
for nature shots unfortunately but maybe
soon Nick suggested prank calls we could
probably do some pretty cold just sort
of a funny prank call idea I'm going to
call Aegean Sea I've never call them
with those before so let's see where
you're going to need to be quiet though
because I'm tell me Buford
Coffman agency doesn't Landon hi I was
calling about your guys's on protein
blood which one may apply to you protein
the GNC brand or just the one because
actually I'm real ripped so I'm just the
one that keeps all the muscles in place
ah
I'm computer there cert product you're
looking for yeah it's a post-workout ah
formula I like the ripped buy two packs
yeah rip so there are a lot of Patrick
every pack recovery does I have the
maximum protein for my biceps I miss I'm
not protein in their protein powder you
can get by itself oh yeah because I'd
probably be more interested in the
protein if you want to just come on in
and something that I can tell you what
we've got
yeah I may have to do that I'm currently
doing some bicep curls all right sir
we'll have some customers I will on the
topic that'd be great
all right sounds good boss I think he
kind of caught on towards the end there
when I suppose gym bicep curls but
anyway there's a prank call for you guys
Rebecca says more old footage I'm trying
to think if there's any more old footage
I could show you guys now I know I don't
have any in my house I may have to go
over to parents house but I don't have
time right now because Mary and I are
going to gym in about 30 minutes but
also I've been working on this science
experiment type of thing I saw it on
Twitter and it was just like what so I
wanted to try it like like I said we're
going to the gym so once you get back
from the gym I'm gonna try and do it for
you guys so it's so cool I was going to
film at the gym but we're running behind
schedule
and then have any extra time to blog but
it was a good workout and then we got
home I'm sure these pancakes could be
brought is the mix a protein pancake mix
21 grams of protein
yes chocolate chip Mary just cookies up
excited to try them out here good
ganking that's with the chocolate chips
hmm
come on nuggets come on whoa I was a
good block nice oh oh good feed oh don't
dirt dirt oh did you guys know our house
has a secret
yeah right here hmm their basketball
it's time for some science I saw this
video on Twitter this morning and I
really wanted to try it out
this guy has AI Canada Expo Parker and
he drew like a little stick figure down
on Pizza glass and then put water on it
and it like I don't know how to explain
it like came alive and
it's work is this Microlife
first it for your guy I'm Way off
and then work with the blue one I
changed up the glass as well now let's
get this thing to work this marker okay
see look he's like running around but he
fell apart we have to get him to work no
he's supposed to stay together and he a
drying off feel like he's willing I'd
broke his arms off again but look at him
we let him go going on in the gym chick
we have to get to where I don't break
his arms off I'm switching up the glass
containers okay buddy his later he's
coming please popped off toe to toe Kiki
who its artists popped off oh this is
going look it's like wow he's completely
floating now why does it do that
whoa whoa you can go so Oh Andy oh man
I'm gonna try and draw a really big guy
oh well his head oh there goes his arms
ah aha stay there this is a very easy
experiment you guys can do at home too
hi my name is Peter long hi Sid the
sloth you go back to normal high do
another one with the face
come on come on his head's moving but
not as eyeballs
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa well that
is a funny little experiment you guys
can do I didn't know if it works but it
works you can do it you just have to
have a dry erase marker and do it on
glass so I think I saw some people doing
it like on just their table and stuff
and that doesn't work and that's it for
today's vlog he enjoyed it
why don't you even like and I think I'm
going to go over to my parents house to
look for the old footage because I
didn't have time yesterday from do that
today but that's it see you back here
tomorrow all right
