welcome to the new morning
it's our last full day here in Mexico
which is kind of sad but we're up kind
of early because you want to go
paddleboarding it's a lot easier to go
and the waves aren't so wild last night
it was mega windy and today it's still a
little bit windy but I think it brought
in like a little cold front it's been
about 80 degrees mid 80s today is only
supposed to be high 70s and then when we
leave it's going to be like low 70s
we've got to soak up the Sun while we
still can guys hello oh yes
well paddleboards were fun there's a
bunch of sea lions that were right next
to a house trying to get really close
but then they dive down and get away
because they're scared but anyway we're
having breakfast or a favorite spider in
Cabo they open they have really good
breakfast here in the fire mango but you
get papaya what is that what is that
this is like paying grass no it's
definitely holy
that's it I'm on my you make up I have
friends
what are you doing
that was from yesterday yeah so I've
been pretty bad at vlogging today
aside from breakfast we haven't really
done much just kind of hung around the
hotel room and that's about it
I don't know if I've shown you guys
night time right here it's pretty cool
I think our plane leaves like 3 p.m.
tomorrow so we have a little bit of time
to hang out before we head home
unfortunately but let me show you some
stuff to got at the store at this cool
cobbler sweater established 1828 man and
then Mary got this sweater love Cabo
oh really Aaron broke the lamp really
Aaron really airing that's about that
time but our room has this really bright
window to have to take these extra
pillows and put them on here like this
and then you can close this to hold it
up perfect
buenos dias amigos bienvenido to vlogs
who's laughing over there I'm working on
my Spanish this is a lot big we have to
check out of our room in a couple hours
but no one else wants to go swimming in
the pool like everyone wants to pack and
take showers and that I'm going to go to
the other pool we haven't been in before
flight ten minutes just for one last
cool session ah I don't know why no one
ever comes over here such a nice pool
let me show you another reason why I
don't like put flops
my c-cup burnt yesterday that's probably
because of the paddleboards - you're
just standing on there I don't realize
that my feet we're exposed
you
we were playing with the football on the
other pool and one of the workers here
came up to us and said hey there is no
playing allowed in the pool really work
that does not make any sense so we
shouldn't just came over here and played
because I mean they have a volleyball
net set up so obviously playing it
allowed in this pool well I should
probably head back to the room now so I
can pack to leave see ya next time
Ola thank you
also today it's Isaac's birthday he's
turning 40 years old oh yeah on from the
lobby I'll show you his birthday
presents we got figure out him to
t-shirts now I understand like why is
this multi sure is different because
before the monkey shirt it was like a
closed mouth that's like an open mouth
and then I like a vehicle to mount whoa
ha ha ha
Wow I was hoping I was going to be able
to finish this book on the trip Tim
Tebow's new book it's really good so far
I'm about a quarter of the way in but I
haven't been able to read any of it
since you've been here
that's ok because we did a lot of fun
things so maybe on the airplane I'll be
able to get some reading in my room I'm
going to miss this room most the best
room we've had that was a good room
happy birthday
yeah oh you're on your brush it does
have a temperature anymore so you
getting better
Oh Isaac do you feel better yeah why
don't you hold it down so you can see
your face I like just eyes baby we just
want to we have like 45 minutes until
the shuttle comes to pick us up at the
hotel we want to rip them all to get a
little snack for my fried chicken stuff
what this is but not bad action then
also we're going to get a smoothie from
haagen-dazs
this small is also building some condos
on top of it and yesterday we actually
went on a tour and looked at the condos
are actually super nice
if we had some money to invest in some
condos I think I'd buy but I don't on
the menu for this it said it came with
lemon mineral water
correct I'm in mineral water and like I
said and then when it came out they gave
it the leftover mineral water which was
just spray yeah yeah I wanna go softball
tournament dr. Turner matted taken in if
you can build on place worth living
there are a lot of people flying Air
Canada today United nobody yes and we're
security
and try some warm here in Mexico buil
and as you can see it's snowing bitter
so
we're we're landing 3:57 promise yeah
well you got to pick one if you're right
our approach for the Denver Airport
shoes being a gun approximately
automatic software on that rival we are
almost home but look
darn it can't zoom but there's a
snowstorm we're about to go through it I
made it back to America but I think it
starting to snow outside so time to
bundle up says it's 33 outside about to
start snowing the springs it's already
snowing
these guys are about to leave us behind
we'll be your bhai he's not going to
make it longer that's way down there
yeah
where's that that just disappeared
ah I made it home yes they hide our baby
Buford she's going to be right here you
see buddy well our Christmas decorations
are falling down I think that means it's
time to take them all the way down we're
probably the only people left in our
city with Christmas decorations up and
our Christmas trees so got it
we were going to go see Isaac tonight
and give him his birthday presents but
guess what it's nine o'clock as past his
bedtime and here's the Christmas tree in
almost February I want to take that down
tomorrow I do want to go outside and
look at the damage to our fence I think
you guys already saw it we haven't seen
a hat in person
take a look oh man I mean is better that
is this fence rather than that fence
over there because these and people
don't live here one great thing about
being gone a week package is you get a
package to what you're saying my
Christmas present dogs welcome people
tolerated isn't that right Buford we
know what it is right yeah okay
open it up
the new comforter bed yeah we heard it
thrown up on this you'll be heard
that's disgusting you got this to go on
it to heal me so it's like so short like
and she likes to steal the covers the
mill and I know you do doesn't blink it
in that wasn't too hard
installed Buford check it out want to be
the first one up unfortunately our bed
is never made so I never look like this
we don't have much food at our house and
we didn't have dinner yet so we're going
to go at King Soopers and hopefully get
some food I'm very hungry he's also very
tired
we love you King Soopers well guys
that's been the vlog and the end of the
Mexico vacation it was a real fun time
and we've actually been home for about a
week now but because the internet was so
bad there couldn't upload so we've been
home not loading these vlogs I hope you
enjoyed them and if you did be sure to
give it a like oh and also I did clean
the camera lens because I noticed the
comments because I didn't even notice
this when I was editing but public
comment you guys are like cause the lens
is so dirty I was like really and went
back and watch it and it was super
annoying to watch so I apologize for
that hopefully it's better now I wanted
to talk about one thing before the blog
in said it's been on my mind kind of
recently and some other youtubers have
actually talked about this too so the
goal in us making videos is really after
you watch it you're left feeling happy
and positive and the way we achieve that
is by filming all the positives and
happy moments in our lives and sort of
cutting out the negative aspects and
like faults or failures we just want to
keep it positive until most things
however I don't want you guys to think
that our lives are perfect and that
we're perfect people because we're not
we're just like everyone else we have
bad days we have failures we mess up
and it's hard to pick up a camera and
vlog those times and also if we put
those in the vlog and also if you put
those in the vlog you probably won't
feel happy after watching it which is
not really our goal I just wanted to
bring that up as sort of a refocus step
back and look at the whole picture here
that our lives aren't perfect either and
maybe in some future vlogs we can film
some negative aspects that's weird to
say that we want to film something
negative but more importantly we want to
film something negative to show you guys
how to turn it into a positive with that
being said we'll see you guys the next
vlog god bless have a good day
