good morning everybody hope you're
having an awesome day this morning Mary
and I woke up and we wanted to go get
breakfast together so went to the lobby
and at the concierge said where's a good
breakfast place and she recommended this
place on the beach called shore
sir yes you are I don't know how to
pronounce it but you should do it on our
map here's the parking lot for it they
have their own custom golf cart like
it's got to be on the beach this way
they were having a Mexican
they're having a Mexican fiesta on the
beach outside but all the tickets were
sold out we couldn't go ah here it is Oh
fewer oh man
it's a super knife nephew right here
breakfast was so good I got a bagel
with smoked salmon cucumber arugula
cream cheese avocado my gosh was so good
what'd you get pinky pink cake but today
breakfast was sponsored by casino I had
so many pesos leftover friends like us
you know winning I don't want these guys
up here playing spike ball they're so
smart they brought it I'm not sure
what's on today's agenda for activities
now we're going on a pirate ship like
sunset dinner cruise the best night so I
think we're just going to go to the
beach
it would take a glass-bottom boat to
other beach and just hang out today is a
bit windy more than the other days but
we're going to go down here to the
marina to catch a boat that's going to
drive us to the beach over there we may
try and do some snorkeling over there
we just rented some snorkeling gear as
well so that's going to be fun right now
we're going to the taxi boat somewhere
over here the last bottom this guy
I don't see any fish yet I feel on that
one
right there right here I see one it
seems like a hand I can see the fish
there
hurry under here of fish whoa I am
circling right now oh you compromise
promise another circling that box below
don't pose right here yellowtail oh my
gosh this is where you don't drop the
camera in the water
holy cow just a nut panic sir you need
to help you on the bottom of the boat
this last time we were here there is
people on the top of the rocks and the
Mexicans maybe you were trying to arrest
them here I don't think you're supposed
to be up there okay
there's the arch with
Oh cause I figure the fish over here
and as well alone tomorrow have so many
of them all that cable it's fun I want
to go explore so these two are going to
go snorkeling cursed you know so he's
going to drive you guys over there and
we're going to get off here alright here
I go
I made it to lovers Beach this Beach is
cool because on one side is the Sea of
Cortez and on the other side of the
Pacific Ocean we're not allowed to swim
over here because the waves are pretty
powerful
maybe I'll get get shot at one I'm
trying to see if there's some sort of
cave or something over here to explore
Oh
I'm going to try and get over there whoa
wait well I'll see any caves over here
these rocks are so interesting they got
holes and almond so cool he's got a
drone it was kind of funny the guy with
the drone he took off when I three feet
in the air and then just knows that
straight into the beach it was like
upside down spinning in the sand like
he's trying to get all the sand out
right now I'll film his next takeoff
hopefully it's better there he goes come
on come on come on
oh no we're just laying there on the
beach I was looking over here at the
rocks and I noticed a sign over here and
it looks like a trail never noticed it
before so we're gonna go check it out it
says welcome there's a fee per day
there's nowhere to put a fee there's no
one here to take fees a lot of graffiti
to sew up that way through the canyon
this is a very very old cake ouch
there's a small little trail but then it
gets like into this rock pile and I only
have flip-flops so we'll go up here and
take a look one of those as high as
we're going but yeah that's cool view
give our time and better shoes we can go
all the way up there but that'd take a
while I think I see a little tiny cave
that was the mission find a cave right
over there I think you some people
smoking back there
yep there's definitely some people
smokin and bushes over there well here's
the cave it's like a giant fire pit and
I thought this would be cooler but very
disappointing cave
hopefully Aaron and Nick are back from
snorkeling because the good snorkel spot
you got to swim out a little ways you're
doing a good job okay well I didn't get
the best snorkel footage Aaron and Nick
were up a good spot I forgot to give
them the GoPro I would have got some
good stuff there giant school to fish at
the bottom and they didn't come up to
you and try and sniff you or something
the card sniff you all know if they were
doing this hot I've been good GoPro
footage
you guys said the rocks walls are pretty
sharp huh yeah very sharp
you got flanked on our house without
trying to say they're employed Aaron was
already on the rock I think the pirate
ship we have to get on like 4:30 4:15 as
well three o'clock so it's so windy but
we're on our way to the pirate ship but
she's gonna have dinner I'm going to be
out drinks sunset so it should be really
fun dad had a funny story he was talking
to this guy I was asking if you wanted
to go fishing and dad thought he said
how about for a week and that's like oh
how much and then like where are we
going like where's the boat but the guy
actually said how about some week that's
like alright how much like how much who
a guy took off his hat and showed him he
has a weed under his hat he's like oh
hey I didn't mean weed ah blendy urgent
photoshoot with hearing loss at the
kitchen
siren
for some reason they're just handing out
things of corn which made it
these tires are going to take over our
ship we don't get out of here some
little bit of lippy released Oh guna no
now people for you were saying yeah hey
Georgie should be able to travel to
Lucas if I was going to do get up enough
luggage
there's two cars left Wow
oh yeah that's now hold on yes
dinnertime and kind of cold out here in
New York are tell them to go to Theni
resign told the guy I'm now doing event
what you from the Pirates are back
the way just blow it all away hey what
happened
it'll taste better
all done with the pirate that was
fun dance party I know some corn Kovac
brand of corn pirate show I was great
we're in the lobby right now and I
wanted to test to see if I could do an
Instagram livestream because I've never
tried to instagrams livestream before it
go here we are alive they had a vlogs
whoa Paul hi from Australia wonder what
time it is there
mom hi we're all live-streaming on
Instagram because I told them how to do
it all you got off now do you like any
new haircut oh it was windy today so I
blew it all apart Oh Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim
don't worry guys we'll teach you how to
use every piece of equipment in this
room
oh there you guys go and I know how to
use all the gym equipment here properly
I was going to these pool rules
yesterday and one of them kind of perked
my interest no diving in blah allowed
blah I don't know what's blah is but I
definitely will not be doing that
