we'll add in ready welcome back to vlog
starting up the morning it's Sunday here
at church okay here change Britney's
parents yeah hey hey
for this to start see what today's
sermon is about yeah
well church was awesome as always but
now we have moved over to this awesome
like giant antique store I think it's
the biggest one in Colorado and ask them
like pretty cool stuff but they also
have some really weird stuff who wants
this for their wall in their bedroom oh
yes I found something else I want guys
you want these or maybe these it's even
at all it did yeah walking through here
reminds me we should do a 24 hours in
the antique shop with all these dull
figure guys that'd be fun I don't know
how I could do it but Great Scott
have you ever seen a cool sword or I
mean not sword with it what is this
nice one that is boss get these guys
down here as well Oh oh good where's
Ethan
whoa oh man looks like Spencer forgot us
clothes no I'm sorry man I see you
looking at me I'm a bit shy and I'm
holding a picture of myself and I'm
saying I was little
Hey
I just can't believe how many dolls they
have in here hmm what do I want for
breakfast ice cream or grilled cheese oh
hey baby by the way I got a real body
fragments note paper if you're
interested I'll go back in I cannot see
anything in yo oh my gosh gasps what
Becky what I found a ton of cranberries
are you so awesome hi we had no faces
did you know I almost hesitate about
this because it Brett what do you think
about this guy it is literally insane
I'm big this places we've probably only
explored like 30 percent of it and I
can't believe how many dolls answers as
you can tell filming it but I probably
only filmed like part of the billions of
dollars they have here so we're gonna
have to come back here sometime is
really explore like they had hallways
like this for aisles so maybe a manger
and I can come here and explore and find
some more funny things I think tell all
these old guitars flaw you peeps like
instruments classic how much are these
$300 guitar
very rare but this is rare now you play
it I don't know
okay I'll put it back is very rare your
engine trouble yeah oh we could
seriously find some like dope props for
movies cookies max yeah it was so legit
that I put on pot yeah
this is vodka
back off see my god I cus mrs. Sparr
just way too big what they have other
one is when this 225 for a Viking helmet
oh man I couldn't 15 not even notice
cases aha yes you know now that I think
about it I doubt they wore these back in
the day is it's like hard to see out of
this thing
I'm like running around if this is like
all heavy no they have a metal like
pinched my skin look good the thing it
like clothes on my face I'm sorry I'm
sorry I'm loving okay you ready
that's why you don't like that back in
the olden days not it doesn't protect
you just hurts you more then boots go
Britney take notes her style
and ladies if you're watching this take
notes she's got the boots I think that's
like a fashion statement and I own is
broken oh alright crap it's starting to
snow out here guys but guess what this
new little shopping center just opening
up in our town over easy and salsa
promenade the best state places and this
place hasn't even opened yet it's like a
pre pre mission that for any parents got
like take excuse so we get to have food
Wow and cake
got those off yeah thank you
that's what I'm talking about
close call there folks good grief well
breakfast is fabulous I am so full baked
dough breezy oh and guys thank you for
the comments on yesterday's vlog I have
went with Spotify Premium so many of you
were saying that it was really good so I
just want to say thank you for helping
me that decision well guys moving on I
have an announcement to make I got
something to show you
dun dun dun dun dun duck whoa look who's
home Aaron and Andrew how was your
Mexico trip tell us Derek we're still
uploading Mexico videos you're going
right now yeah nice yeah so as you can
see a like they still feels like a few
vlogs left to upload but they are back
now which is awesome and then Brittany
and I leave where you've gone to
tomorrow morning so like Andrew said
we'll make left on their trip not sure
how fast the Wi-Fi is going to be so I
don't know if we'll be able to upload
but we'll have a backlog of vlogs when
we come back as well yeah alright got
another new game small world
Andrew pick this up the other day and
we've been playing tons we got this one
if you remember and it is actually very
fun playing a Tokyo simple game will
show you guys that later but this looks
like a pretty complicated game but yes
Wow
who has played this game for it's quite
fun definitely like risk but better one
tax more attacks
alright guys we just finish up the board
game and now we're doing a live stream
on live down me download link in the
description if you want to follow us
then wanted to say Mexico really bad but
he did but I couldn't
how y'all do is we do is just fantastic
I have a sorrowful if you got that go oh
I'll look glove file file no dialogue
tile dumb dial no hand move up
I'll look close the Bible yeah some
people to comments god ah my Volvo club
I didn't even get one point background
mile I would have got alone it but see
that's a harder one
this looks awesome
okay you ready yeah so clip the timer
harness you can try on Aaron has to
guess to get a point you have to get him
to get ready yep check gay if you guys
can guess to hear ye appear give you a
kiss yeah uh I was easy fingers I'm your
lucky fellows length oh I got lucky
what I you're lucky hello
day melon one that was a fun broadcaster
all done now and I forgot to show you
guys this
our friends Hannah and Jake sent us a
potato dog toy for Daisy if you want a
potato they said they took forever to
find this but they finally found it and
Davey is desperate Wow Wow Daisy wants
potato bad
give me back the potato paint a sea CRE
trick yeah should you care doubt alright
how you doing
but I'm not Andrews going over here go
go go go go go go my nasal foot ah
Louie hey sow alright moving on with the
evening we are at our church for young
adults group every Friday tonight's
gonna be a good one Brit giving her
testimony along with three others and
cos it's always just the best place to
come every week knowing we got a group
of great people coming to worship
learn so - I gotta take my common place
and the money and I want to promote
fighting gods if you like come to play
with me but like my flesh blowing little
display I don't like speaking but
tomorrow my husband and I Destin are
going to die in Venice Beach - 1500
children and it's so cool so I think
that's it but I would click to end the
thing you know there's beating in your
brokenness so much being a new brother
young adults group tonight was fantastic
hearing Britney speak to and having her
conquer that fear for herself was just
it was awesome sing and she did a great
job but we are back home now it's 12
a.m. and we are getting picked up at 3
a.m. for Uganda guys we're leaving for
Uganda tomorrow for a week-long
adventure and my goodness I am very
excited I just got all ready for bed I'm
kind of tired but we're only going to
get like what - about two hours of sleep
I just hope we can sleep on the plane
because all men that's going to be hard
going on - no sleep but I am I am
bringing my computer I've been loading
up the hard drive with all of extra
footage so I have more memory on my
computer for this trip because I think
I've mentioned before I'm not sure if
I'll be able to upload like on this trip
we'll see I will try and post a snapchat
though so if you want to follow Brittney
and I on snapchat we're going to be
posting on there are usernames are in
the description
and and yeah but probably go to bed now
so thanks for watching today guys and we
will see you back here very soon alright
