good morning guys hope you're having a
fantastic day and a fabulous week we're
on our way to breakfast right now I want
to tell you guys that's one fact about
myself I do not like wearing flip-flops
I just never got used to wearing them
but today I'm going to try and wear them
yeah because I have like very beautiful
feet right now they're so comfy
you guys that should have this cool like
just this view right here Wow hey Mary
can have a bandage Nick got a free
blanket necesito bueno Gotham it's fun
learning cool Spanish words to say you
know over here so we're trying to figure
out how to say I need a good deal
and ahsoka messaging necesito contrato
bueno throttle and of being down here
think you want to be completely fluent
in issues like keep everybody deep with
that will be so fun this Cabana bath
feels noise under a tree those in
Winnicott oh dear no fear no beach beach
beach beach beach beach beach beach oh
man we're going the beach and then we're
going to do some wave runners too
I brought the GoPro so it should be full
fun nope
like right happy
escape holy cow
big muscles my god I know I'd have been
so hard to get out of I merely this pile
is almost up to her knees I'm aboard Oh
Mama's going down nice
ah I'm gonna try that looks like a
flying car
alright here's the water
we just finished with the wave runners
that was so much fun
for some reason dad wave runner was like
so much faster than everyone and then
everyone else's supersonic mode like I
know
nitrous you just like rev the engine is
like goes it was so fast the most
accelerating I got to use it for like
three minutes but these two got to use
it you were writing with Mary actually
Mary was on the back but they hurt on
the back which means ahsan I'm probably
the craziest wave runner she's ever been
she was like flying off I was finna go
flying off I took a turn a little bit
again oh so funny yeah and then these
guys made his tip over of that alright
yeah merry night I stopped because
they're all like wiping some water out
of her eyes who is very salty and then
dad came by with his super sonic machine
he's doing donuts around us filled up
one side and then these guys came in it
filled up that same side and we flipped
over anyway brain rated juicy banana
boat and a boat banana boat banana boat
Vanna banana banana banana banana boat
huh it'll be here in about five minutes
but word yeah it should be fun oh no I
wouldn't no I would not we're gonna tell
the driver to drive very crazy so we can
go flying off and you guys
ah
Oh
ah
how was the banana boat ride so fun was
so funny
got it off it's nighttime now we went
home and took a shower just kind of head
chill out mom might have broke her toe
but it wasn't on the banana boat was on
the wave runners banana boat was funny
on the last one when we fell off dad
just slammed on top of me it was fun
who's winning
I think we're gonna go get some
haagen-dazs we haven't gotten any yet if
you already did but yeah
this is one of my favorite ice cream
flavors and I will increase now we're at
the local market here getting some local
snacks we can chart for you guys
you don't know what this drinking days
is that's what they are Mexican base
we're going to find out and then I'm
getting miss to try our know what it is
a grunty toe and for autumn is a rather
door and they're going to get swing of
the Marino's the trial each were you
guys and give you our opinion trying to
try out some snacks
who wants to go first me Aaron Aaron I'm
drinking a bit okay we can try sit
I really like cherry paper yeah yeah but
this one is agua mineral what the poo if
you read on the factors zero grams of
sugar oh really
oh geez where are those are they cookies
yeah they're like Oh what really choices
yeah they're like Keebler sandwiches all
right try bye
that's good what rating do you give the
Keebler chocolate Club on you would buy
this again scale out of ten eight really
good good very good
submarine o4i bungee so goes its bungee
oh come on mystery the big hot talk
button try to play Wow there's no
filling it this is like pure hot double
butter baked a six out of ten you buy
again can see do gansito we would i
don't know what this is I just saw its
feel squishy
let's see inside so it's like sponge a
little later raspberry some cream all
coated in chocolate with some sprinkles
not a fan to be honest on the weird
content that you would buy get out 10200
then we up on a bike
no no energy try the last thing they've
had enough junk food for one day I'm
going back to the room you
