welcome welcome welcome the airport
we're on our way to Mexico right now
or Mexico fog Mexico vlogs get psyched
get hyped sighs in high there's Murr
Nick coming - is that crazy or what mom
and dad went down that way we were so
excited to get chick-fil-a for breakfast
and then we realized today is Sunday
righteous Oh here at the gate for some
reason meri and I got priority boarding
we're moving please review the safety
card located at your seat and follow
along and I spilled some breakfast in my
pants I'm really embarrassed now
how do you look like this you gotta read
my so damn take it back
then like this
now you can like that
get your phone
and to watch movies
take me
so we all have one
check it out I brought a bunch of card
games of being
we have to Tong car cane and also this
game
star realms this is really fun it's only
two player unless you buy another full
box then you can make it for player but
Tom wouldn't game deposited attention
cardboard
without
yeah
you can put cart here Wow that's a good
idea
star realm
we're going to play contain the Clark
don't know how to play it we gotta learn
the rules but should be fun don't set up
now let's begin look at you card all
right
just made it to the hotel and guys check
out this size of this Marlin remember I
have one at our house it's like half
that size there's Aaron I'm just like oh
my goodness our hotel room is going to
be ready at 3:00 so it's like a couple
hours from now we're just kind of
walking around trying to find some lush
here's the marina so fun are ya oh thank
you I thought this is a pickle at first
looks like a giant pepper
Riley there she's good food looks good
it's cool time guys yay spent the last
hour and a half the tool and I brought
the GoPro so maybe tomorrow or sometime
I'll get some fun cool shot but we were
just really testing it and he went now
we're going upstairs to check out the
workout room I got mine
check out these elevators what utter
timing oh this is way better
Wow they're like a where's the water for
everyone knew last year we were here
with the family in Mexico and it was
like right after hurricane so everything
was destroyed and this workout room was
like nearly destroyed because it was
like all open and they did some
renovation and they made it inside and
it looks so much better now great job
guys Aaron just to the pull-up cool
check out the views though not bad his
muscles are number one tenth house would
look dozen one night what is destiny
oh I want to go in there oh wow you can
generalize completely off of this thing
oh wow Wow
oh crap now since we've been here before
we knew that a ping-pong table so back
then ping-pong paddles and our own ball
oh there's nothing everywhere like
honestly this is like the local 7-eleven
trying to find like a loaf of bread
because we're going to make spaghetti
for dinner so if we can make garlic
bread it's free
what Oh check it it shamu we have one of
these at home you guys want some food
blood stick yeah I'll pass last time we
were here this is the store Aaron and I
got a bunch of Matt local smacking
treats initially this was one of them
Sal remember I was pretty good we're
good once these one of them too
I can't really remember actually we got
some like fun fun spaghetti spicy salty
spaghetti stuff that was pretty
interesting but this snack maybe the new
snack of choice guys or the loop this
thing is like all wrong
I don't know what this is but I'll be
passing on that snack as well they're
legit a little lizard man we did very
fine pretty dope nice to know who
they're shoot down some garlic salt in
that little store there so they're able
to make some pretty decent garlic bread
dinner was good and my parents have a
room upstairs and we have a room down
here because we have six people and
these rooms are like four people I think
so we do a quick room to her if you want
here's the kitchen yeah a nice stovetop
a microwave whatever the brew coffee in
the morning oh my goodness yes thanks
room cannabis 120 bucks for bagel and
what other good deals with that okay
continuing mature version here this is
all of the toiletries and years okay why
is that working
oh here's the bed no not bad really your
couch at the table and a boat in case
the room floods now this is exactly the
same room as we had last night so we had
that challenge out here on the patio oh
yeah we did that same concept we have
not Mary sat right on that ledge and
filmed us I totally made eschewed yeah
Erin and I sat right there
and mom and dad have a real mic up there
and their view is way better though way
but this is pretty good when we walked
in and made had this made it's like a
brontosaurus made out of house and
that's it for the room tour
hope you enjoyed oh yeah last last year
we had the adjoining room over there
hey this year this year we do not no one
knows who's there
we're going to go out around the city a
little bit and come explore so let's go
have fun yeah
luxury Avenue next yes dick Nixon s word
to go on luxury half what is even in
here I've never been in the store or
whatever this is full what are the odds
you buy this and play with it every day
in the pool while we're here
no us I don't know this is our Christmas
tree up this is so fun single real life
it's huge
it's not huge we haven't even gone to
level two yet so what's going on we have
a casino in here yeah the boys were
desperate for ice cream
walk around a little bit but now retired
I'm going to get into like pull in the
morning to go to the airport so it's
getting to be about that time hotel
lobby is the only place to get Wi-Fi in
the hotel but it's really not that fast
like you can get on snapchat and stuff
but just trying to load like the
internet web browsers and subsys doesn't
work but at least or some snapchat
snapchat oh good yes today has just been
sort of chilling out we just got here
tomorrow is going to be another chill
day and then the day after that Tuesday
we're going to be going fishing don't
fish it so that's going to be fun hope
you're excited for the rest of the
Mexico vlogs glad you're here see you
all tomorrow all right
