now we are going to make a quick trip up
to Denver because we got to bring our
friends to the airport today so we're
going to pick nothing right now you are
looking so fabulous what we're here to
fess up came up yeah just some bird - oh
yeah love you guys
bah you're going in it oh my god ooh
before we head back down home or at the
park Meadows mall because it's this mall
is seriously the best one to check out
some before thing up here and this store
loves sec they got like giant bean bags
and stuff I want me back that's a big
pillow
this the bean bag Oh jump on in
nice book guys how much it is almost a
thousand what is my crack doing Oh what
the heck time for a quick smoothie break
I never mind that smoothie place is lame
they have anything really good nervous
just play sugar fun not actual fruit so
we're going to find a better smoothie
place oh and they didn't know laughs we
can have yeah I was like what's really
guys well and now we are at vitality
bowls superfood cafe haven't tried this
before back at the house and got Britney
just set up the mats on the table that's
looking nice what geeky but I gotta go
sore because we're having Austin and his
girlfriend over for dinner tonight
before our young adults group at the
church we're gonna be making some kung
pao chicken it's going to be delish and
we cleaned out the garage as well for
the most part not bad
yes Oh who's there
well dinner was really good and it was
nice to actually have dinner here at our
real-life dining room table but we are
going to get ready for bed having to
blog much today guys I'm sorry but we're
going to go to bed and continue to vlog
in the next clip tomorrow well good
morning guys got a great night's sleep
and spent the morning reading this guy
how's your soul start a chapter one
loved it it's always great to just start
the morning off reading a good book and
also I read first thessalonians this
morning got to get a good bible reading
as well and dylan energized and ready
for the day so just got to get ready and
i'm also trying to figure out what we
should do today i tweeted out something
earlier i'm thinking to be fun and
brittany and I built a fort in our new
house with our furniture and stuff I
remember when I was a kid and I'm sure
you guys have done this as well building
how sports out of blankets and pillows
and stuff so I'm really liking that idea
and also I'm trying to decide if I
should get Spotify Premium or Apple
music because I like them both and I
tried them both but I can't figure out
which one to get what do you guys think
do you guys like Spotify Premium better
or Apple music the reason like I'm
considering Apple music is just because
I have a Mac computer and I feel like
it'll go well with you know iTunes and
just being able to easily access that
stuff I know just love to hear some of
your thoughts from the comments below
doesn't this look like so much fun guys
good topic blanket for it I think we
have enough blankets already for the day
now we gotta go get some do some grocery
shopping and we're doing a fun photo
shoot for Britney for a blog
hi Brett yeah you want to make a fort
today beautiful black forest Colorado
this park is dope for photoshoot so we
got the gear here for Britney let's
get going
Brittany you're looking super cool what
is this shoot about this is about well I
like I'm not going to tell you good I
want to go to my blog instead that's a
way better idea but she's got like a gas
mask here and then back here yes you got
the medic jacket too man
post-apocalyptic ready
we're the women of trying to get it
looking so cool you're like little camel
smoke bombs like because it does not to
hold them so like what we're doing is
you should do what we're doing but we're
just I'm lighting them on the ground
safely like making sure that they're
sturdy and then because there's sparks
that come out at first and then when
it's fogging then I pick it up so be
careful we are back home now we finally
got some groceries for our fridge so we
can eat here and also we stopped by like
home goods and they have like random
foods there that are like on insane
deals this was five dollars protein 20
grams so it's like heck yeah
you got some other good stuff called
like business are you making fun of me
oh oh yeah we got some you know just
necessities for a breakfast lunch and
dinner and then we got build a fort rah
okay yeah about days you can come into
here ruined for it you want to play in
the fourth tale okay so I want to see if
we have the proper blankets for this
fort okay
give this hold bottom shelf for blankets
and we got these of course these are
pillowcases but this giant black
comforter will do
let's go Daisy I used to build a home
for showing I was younger and one of the
key elements you guys need or ones like
these like little rods sort of things
that you put in the middle where all the
blankets would be because the blankets
have to be held by company
brainy's you're going to set up the key
part of this for now what is that thing
seen I think like I have your clothes
mom is right this is going to be perfect
so with this couch this will be used to
like connect the blankets to the couch
oK we've got the top right here which is
looking good
Britney found like a chip clamp to hold
this up here which is like perfect see
you guys
you just got to improvise I took this
thing out of our garage you just got to
find things in your house and then a
bunch of these and it's looking pretty
good so far
now we need lights and maybe another
blanket yeah very fine yeah
ya know what happen now hold up
oh yeah that's pretty heavier blanket
the look we got shells right here for
snacks you just need some soft blankets
in here and it's a good court yes yes
yes what did you find
yes that'll be perfect we could show off
all these lights
hand me the lights on the right side of
the other side oh this is so cool oh
there you go yeah easy you excite and
you so excited these look so good also
whether you have this extension cord
right for two thrived with wife well
Mary needs to do it too so then review
the wives huh oh you need to get this
fluffy soft Blinky's for the ground
guys let's go turn off all the lights
and the kitchen light let's see how we
also have Christmas lights if we want
last but not least over here where is
Brittany oh this is so cool
like you can just see subtle light like
it looks like a tent yes see from the
outside it looks kind of like what's
going on here like yeah it just looks
like a big big mess yeah you like it too
deep we just need let's go see what
snacks we got
oh yeah popcorn bring in yes chip you
can hear me all the fans Oh No anyone
you can thank you to watchdog she's not
order up yeah
Dizzy's once in pop one two we should
invite over our friends and then we're
just in here when they come over hey
guys welcome to the floor ending I'm
hanging out with you too much I'm like
becoming a man I got the computer in
here now so we can watch some vlogs so I
met our friends from Australia they make
getti blog so we watch theirs out laughs
yeah how do you rate this for Britt how
do I guess I can rock this is the best
boy you've ever been in oh hey oh man I
guess you haven't made 24 3 maybe we can
make this better though if you guys want
us to make like an old truck huge fort
thinking we could do that because this
is pretty big and we didn't make it
pretty epic technically we can keep this
board off however long we want but I
think we might take it down tonight
because we want to watch some TV shows
we walk and we're actually going to make
dinner what time is it right now
it's pretty late things like 7:00 yeah
maybe come on give it yeah I did not see
the time you all saw the proof probably
make some pasta and chicken from tomato
basil pasta so yeah I'm just going to
chill tonight we got the house all to
ourselves of course thanks for tuning in
today hope was entertaining for you guys
and
I hope you guys are all doing well
Andrew gets back on Sunday I'm not sure
what time exactly but yeah and then
Brittany and I are heading off on in
like nine eight days to Uganda so get
ready for some crazy blocks because
andrew has a week full of hit all his
blocks from Mexico and I have no idea
what they've been doing because they
have no service down there so any final
words for everybody thanks for watching
guys well it's also helpful see you
later bye bye
