well good morning everybody welcome back
to blogs we have been spending the last
day lot yesterday I didn't really blog
because we were literally spending the
whole day getting the house set up
getting stuff moved in and unpacked and
I want to show you some of the stuff
that we've done so for starters we got
this couch in here all set up and it
look it fits the space perfectly and I
just love this simple tone the gray and
then the yellow pillows so that's making
me very happy also got the TV hooked up
for movie nights right below the
fireplace got the wall mount right back
here not bad I'm thinking about putting
surround sound in this whole area so I
can watch TVs each corner has like
surround sound so it's like the coolest
room for watching movies and then over
here which actually just came in this
morning I should have filmed it but I
didn't this guy this is our dining room
table you like that date it's a nice
rustic style table just a quick lunch
before we continue today
we're back at Hobby Lobby now because
now that we're in our home we have a
better idea of what we will find if you
want to put things certain places and I
found this cool whiteboard for the
office I can write all ideas on and such
already good deal it's 40 bucks so I
think I'm going to get this thing for
the office to hang up you can put like
our cameras on this and stuff then
bringing this for our bedroom emojis
fruit flavored candy what is the world
coming to
Daisy pinky doesn't what Davey hey hey
are you doing just a quick snack
seriously blocking chips is like one of
my favorite snacks what about you guys
also a bay of course by the way guys
relative race just tweeted out the
picture of us and they posted the same
picture on their Instagram which is
routs grace as well
I just retweeted it so go hashtag team
green all right got the desk set up
right hand got a TV our old TV stand set
up right here I'm trying to figure out
what to do with this room that's the fun
fun part about living in a house you can
actually be creative and like drill
holes in the wall whereas like in an
apartment you have to not do that and
otherwise you'll get fined so it'd be
cool to install like a wall mounted desk
like just like a flat platform because
this is probably where in this room is
where Andrew and I will edit in a lot of
videos and you know get work done so I'm
trying to figure out I'm not the best
like into your designer so I'm like hold
all due to this like trying to make it
look good so I don't know we'll see and
Nancy gets an
though every time we go home I then
realized I forgot something so I just
went to the store and I'm getting this
recycled trash can and just a normal
trash can because we need those so yeah
we go got some gloves and a few nails
we're good to start hanging up some
pictures folks I'm adults and hard today
I'm serious though guys I was yet feel
act like an adult I mean because you
guys know our videos were acting like
kids we don't have to fix much in the
apartment and whatnot so I kind of like
it you know it's kind of fun being an
adult in the sense outside of all the
paying bills and dealing with you know
all the other stuffs adult lead acid in
the deal with but it's been a good day
are you like my office thus far Bernie
fabulous trying to find all kinds back
no should you nice awesome like yeah
probably have my mom over sometime soon
because she's really good at interior
design stuff and figuring out where to
put certain things where let me to I
mean bit we're just talking about where
to put stuff now I think I'll put this
right here you can place the ball the
hole and all the other hold right there
but this would go cool the cameras on
that something like this across the wall
so like if you put that like right here
has made a long a little desk area I
think it'd be really cool
yeah and Nick is here bro you hungry
he's never been to this place obviously
me and Brittany have come here millions
of times over here and we worked here
but now what could get everything oh wow
I just told them if it's sizzling you
know it's good other smells getting to
you make a ring or something
stupendous of course Bernie how to do it
you ignore it okay let me let me scoot
this tree Manor always get the key dish
to share and we never go wrong with that
we're working so at sprouts right now
we're going to get a drink because we're
going to have a movie night
so of course you can have drinks and
snacks cookies now it's time for a red
box I am wearing running around all day
as you guys know it's going to be fun to
relax okay
fortunately just got back and I forgot
this oven we're having some problems
with it doesn't heat up ever so the
electricians coming tomorrow but I
really wanted those cookies tonight Nick
are you sad I'm sorry daddy I called
down Missy every time any friends or
guests come over JP goes insane and just
like uber excited
well it's almost 10:00 p.m. here now
ultra tuckered probably going to go beg
and get a whole new day tomorrow
sorry guys if the vlogs haven't been
crazy but we've been having fun over
here enjoying this new space and I'm
just still so so happy but let me leave
you guys with a simple quote I just
recently heard in a sermon I was
listening to really good you don't have
to understand the plan to trust that God
has a purpose I don't know what all you
guys are going through right now you may
be confused and feel like you don't have
a purpose and you're getting upset and
they didn't down but I promise you
you're here on this earth for a very
specific reason and God has a plan for
you so don't give up be patient and
trust in God because he's got it all
under control I'm telling you just have
some patience everything will be okay
think of the trees if trees didn't have
patience they would fall over really
easily but because they had patience
through the storms through all the winds
that come their way they're even
stronger now and when the bigger gusts
of winds come in they can't be blown
down because they've already weathered
that storm and another stronger so I
hope that's just a small little
encouraging word for you guys today
how you doing Daisy I'm rambling on
though guys well I hope you all get get
a good night's sleep to have a good day
and we'll see you back here tomorrow
jail goodbye
you
