well good morning everybody welcome back
to vlogs today is official full day in
our brand new house that Britney and I
have recently bought if you didn't watch
yesterday's blog vlog yes we are
homeowners now I am so dang excited this
morning I just went and picked this guy
up and we have to head back to the
apartment now to fill it up and move in
officially hello Nick and Brittany are
here
Nick's like helping us out move today
because you know ah we have a lot of
stuff I guess not too much stuff but you
know move it all and moving is hard from
New York he knows all about that but
this is gonna be fun driving in this
thing with all that they're like a child
Oh me I know you're in the middle whoa
so we're at my parents house now they're
giving us this awesome couch it'll fit
perfect in like the living room it's
like orange so thanks mom and dad looks
really heavy though ready awesome
okay guys here is the apartment right
now Oh still love a lot of stuff right
we've been moving
all kinds of big stuff and now we're
just trying to fit everything pen here
we go your trips yeah but two at the
most
yeah we just gotta I could let
knickknacks over yeah
are you a neck good good hey ma what do
you got in your lap Brit food here we
see all our food that's only round one
so let's go the moment you probably have
all been waiting for
a house tour now we haven't got
everything in here so it's kind of open
right now but let's show you around so
right when you walk in here got a nice
little open space to take off your shoes
put your jackets away and get ready for
you know adventures and fun in the house
and this is like the limo this isn't
it's like a study slash get-together
chill room let's turn this light on
there we go
so we got our couch this is my parents
couch too they gave us it was perfect it
fits this space like great so the one
piece of branches that we have that come
over here we're going to buy a table
this is going to be the kitchen table
we're thinking like a would fun wood
table and then this is my favorite part
guys the kitchen check it out they did a
ton of renovations to the house so this
is like all they added this is like IKEA
cabinets and then appliances they left
for us really cool light fixture right
here and then really open concept which
is something I
enjoy and then this is cool too because
this leads to the living room but this
is like we might turn into like a bar
area with some stools so you can serve
food right here got these cool cabinets
that shows off that and this wall two
guys is uh was that like reclaimed wood
wall yeah the garage and then they got
the we have the washer and dryer here in
a bathroom but we can't wait to have
people over because this is the living
room remember the TV right here
obviously we've got a little fireplace
and just lots of room for activities you
should have seen one last night I used
to I saw a little bit but Dave Ebert he
filmed it on her phone
Daisy's just running all over the place
and she's free pretty much we talked
about this room right over there
this is gonna be my studio I already
have like a couple of film knickknack
paddywhacks in here like your dress is
in here you can make this wall I go
photo wall cuz I look at this live
because natural light yeah they got
bathroom right here think about taking
out this wall because it open it up more
but the basement this was added to they
added this this is they had somebody
else living down here which is what
we're going to try and do if are any of
our friends or anybody we know is in
need of help or house needs a place to
stay we got a bedroom in here but as you
can see it's pretty much like a open
kitchen refrigerator microwave sink
we're going to put a table down here
another couch we've got a bathroom this
will be the guest bedroom very open got
nice natural lighting and I love that
it's a garden homel like you can see
outside it's perfect yeah we come over
here pretty open this is leads outside
to like the backyard and I could chill
patios got a little swing we have a lot
of fun ideas for renovation so stay
tuned for that and
I'm not sure what we're going to do with
this room it's kind of like a seems like
to be a storage room but like I said
this whole wall right here can be taken
down I'll be open up you can take down
this wall can be open up should make
like a big like uh like movie yeah this
could be a movie room so cuz it's just
very dark yeah it is dark turn it off
and then have like a screen right here
with cool chairs we're not done yet
let's go upstairs
here is where Brittany and I will be
sleeping got our bathroom this is the
master this is so fun how do you like
this master brain this makes me so happy
the vaulted ceiling My aren't we have a
closet with a window in it mucho room
for our clothes we don't the share yeah
they had a kid
so this was their kids room they had a
little girl and we have a kid one day
this will be their room that's just it
hopefully we have a little girl because
they have a cute little power right here
so we're gonna figure out what to do
with this room but right over here is
going to be honestly just in case you
guys if we ever wanted to adopt like a
pug this could be its room but just
kidding this would be the office room
Jace to headquarters yep look at that
already gonna hang up everything like
all our prank prank props vlog props all
gonna go in here make it a fun working
space so guys I am so excited I feel
extremely thankful to finally have our
first home and I'm really just
speechless like this is so cool so thank
you guys for watching our videos and
making this possible a lot of fun
memories are coming a lot of fun plans a
lot of renovations light up we're gonna
take a break have some lunch right now
and then we got a few other things to
pick up oh and we're getting a piano our
friends giving us her like are you again
Daisy has space to run around too
got a little deck here which is I may
put a fireplace in come over here one
day let's go run come on
no leave that right so as you can see
this he has a ton of space to run around
so Jan brought all of this good food Jan
thank you so much the perfect yeah yes
all right all the lights are off got one
more trip and then unload and we'll be
good to go
oh and then we got some furniture
shopping we have to pick up a couch and
a mattress it's a long day over here wow
guys look at this almost all gone how
you you tired bread but yeah I think
we're just going to leave this stuff
because we get that later the skin off
it in our car we're not desperate for it
any of it so this is the organ we get
it's so cool
dollie
so the boys right now just carried it
from that room that you just saw into
this room how happy is that you guys
like 2,000 pounds to that yeah to that
we ripped yes oh all right both of those
doors in with it if you wanna open all
right here we go so this is a jams and
Jan won't you just tell him about this
like sure this came out of the First
Methodist Church in Boulder Colorado
believe it or not it was purchased from
Sears & Roebuck probably from the
catalog and it's an antique I think it's
probably was probably built in the 20s
money huh huh that is so yeah so we're
gonna put lots of hymns on it oh yeah
you're gonna fall over and learn some
new hands so what you guys got it in huh
barely okay we're we're in a furniture
store now because we have to get some
furniture but whoa this is cool anyways
since we stole the you fall you all were
looking around the furniture wow so
fuzzy know what it's like a fort bed
I'll be so excited to always go to bed
every day and we got a table which is
going to be delivered and then we got a
little bench and a mattress and Burton
you got something what you get that's so
awesome
I know name I don't know leg legs here
we are for pickup
you got that bench in a mattress and
then we got to go to a different store
to pick up the living room set how you
feelin Nick no tire he's been with us
all day
Oh what time do we start like really
early interlock at your house yeah and
now it's like it's almost eight o'clock
here yeah we're pretty tired removing
yes literal final stop of the day sofa
Bart yes
mind the gap good yep for dinner Becca
thanks for chick-fil-a by the way ah
Becca and Tyler I don't know where he is
brought us over chick-fil-a and we
destroyed the Nugget tray and they
brought over some Jackson's honest chips
Thank You Tyler
good man and a fruit tray huh who's here
what but guys it's so nice to just be
home now
now we got to organize everything
because as you see we got boxes right
there here everything is unorganized
boxes in the kitchen I'm excited to just
spend tomorrow all tomorrow getting
everything you know ready and still got
a bunch of things to get for the house
like a vacuum I need a home owner now a
lot more responsibilities gotta take
care of the yard take care of the house
so I got some things to purchase but are
you tired Britt I am so tired how many
hours have we been on Plus last night we
I came here if I told you earlier we
slept on the air mattress and we didn't
get much sleep and then we've been up
all day moving stuff so very tired right
now I don't know if you can tell but I'm
sleepy are you sorry Daisy
I won't whoa whoa what about no jumping
no no no well look guys just 10:40
you're more tired now yeah how you feel
Nick great dude thanks so much for
helping us out all day yeah seriously
he's been the only guy helping us move
and like we got it all done everything's
in looking good these guys killed it
Daisy's happy and sleepy too uh well now
we have to return the u-haul because we
obviously can't keep that forever and I
don't want to get up early to drop that
off so let's go to that real quick and
then we could get some sleep
he's joining us on the night adventure
we're all showered up and ready for bed
seriously so tired right now but we'll
continue vlogs tomorrow of course and
thanks for hanging out with us today
yeah that's all I have to say hope you
guys have a great night and we'll see
you tomorrow good night
