well out everybody welcome back to vlogs
it is in a very exciting time for
Brittany and I and you clicked on this
video you probably do you know just
click on this video we are moving check
out check out our apartment right now we
have boxes galore everywhere and
tomorrow is the official day we're
moving we've kept this a secret from you
guys for a while now actually we've been
in this small apartment for two years
now and it's time for us to move on to
the next chapter in our lives Daisy she
needs a little more space she doesn't
get much room to run around at all and
as you can see we haven't filmed many
vlogs in here because it's always you
know it's been pretty crammed because
with two people living in this it can
get cramped pretty easily as you can see
basically Brittany and I have bought our
first house that's that's the secret
that's what we have been telling you
guys is what we've been hiding from you
know Brittany's not pregnant don't worry
we're not moving out of state or
anything like that we just bought our
first house finally we felt like it was
time and I'm so excited to show you guys
the tour of the home so right now it's
643 and we're not moving till tomorrow
evening we close at 4 p.m. and then we
have to move in so tomorrow which it'll
be in this vlog we're gonna continue on
you know packing the u-haul and then
moving it everything and then the next
day we're gonna give you guys a tour of
the house so it's just gonna be a fun
exciting new period of life for us
vlogging in the house and like tons of
activities and just hope you guys are
excited to journey along with us got the
movies and video game packed up know
it's very important DC we watched a
little bit of because it's really dark
in here but we got most of the stuff
ready but we're so tired
so we're gonna go to bed now and wake up
and yeah well good morning guys
today's the day we move in it's a 9 a.m.
right now so we're gonna get a quick
breakfast here because all our foods
packed up so modern market we got a buy
one get one
let's go instead
check it out guys I got green chili and
eggs I'm bringing got a spinach scrimp
so good and also it's like insane windy
outside we'll show you guys later but
like I don't even it's ridiculous it's
blowing over semis apparently oh geez
guys we left American family furniture
warehouse because we were just so tired
and I don't think we're gonna be able to
move all our stuff into our new house
today because literally this wind
we have advisories in our city telling
cars not to drive because of how high
the winds are that cars are like falling
over not cars they're like big trucks
moving trucks so and right now we moved
over to a coffee shop why are we here
Britt
where I come to like do all my work but
the main thing we're here is because
we're tired
I think we're so tired because of the
hepatitis shots we're getting for Africa
like I'm just extra tired for no reason
like we got great sleep yeah
so hopefully this I got a black tea
latte so hopefully this helps yeah check
out this space it's like so open here
this is why I've never been here before
but how open it is yeah this is a great
space
yeah yeah you got a wall here and it's
just quiet it's not too busy either what
is that dick like I'm it's so cool is
that a pour-over yeah oh good stuff now
time to leave so I just got a text from
Mary's mom saying that at Andrew and
Mary's house current house right now the
ball pit in the backyard has like blown
everywhere so I wanted to come and check
it out real quick the audio might be
really bad in this next clip because
just check out the wind but let's go see
what I remember the fence was already it
was gonna blow down but and all the
little balls oh man 100 mile an hour
winds today folks
I also saw a giant trampoline like this
and somebody like almost flying over the
back okay so since it is windy we can't
rent the truck today we're gonna try and
move a lot of these boxes over to the
house today so tomorrow it's a lot
easier we're now driving to the final
walkthrough and then we have to attend
the closing and it is officially our
house oxide are you Brittany gonna be so
fun the walkthrough went well and it is
about time to set up all the final
documents and clothes on this house so
we're at the title company now
James what are these these are the
real-life keys to the real little house
what we own a house now
can you Congrats thanks Josh without
these two well we wouldn't have a house
closing documents it's official I know
so crazy Wow and guys just if anyone's
in Colorado looking buy a home Jan Cass
and Daryl Harrison with city wide they
have been the best people to work with
so friendly and they've I don't know it
just we wouldn't have been able to do it
honestly without their help and they get
a lot of work for us so just shout out
to them of course and yeah it is what
time is it it's 506 yeah so obviously
it's the evening we haven't moved into
the house yet so tomorrow's vlog will be
the official tour of the house we're
plugging our sleep in there tonight but
hey we're gonna move everything in the
hole so but guys imagine the vlogs we
have so many fun plans and like we can
actually vlog in our house our apartment
there was like nothing to do we have a
backyard Daisy can run around I'm just
so excited so thank you Lord for making
this happen okay we're here at ivy wild
since obviously we're moving no internet
and we're just gonna upload the vlog
here and get some work done but he's
gonna post their blog we are here with
Nick as well hey brick so this is just a
great place to get some work done
and okay got a burger some pickled
vegetables what do you have here bread
this is a balsamic tomato and mozzarella
dish and then got the vlog right here
yeah but the Internet's not working come
on who's excited to move Daisy are you
excited or what yes
well guys back home of the Wi-Fi there
as you could tell was terrible I
couldn't upload but I do remember our
Wi-Fi right over there is still active
so I'm gonna upload and real quick and
we're gonna sleep over at the new house
with a mattress because our beds right
in there but we can't bring it without a
u-haul so but we're desperate we don't
want to say anything in a moment we're
gonna go Nick is letting us borrow his
air mattress thank your Nick so we're
gonna sleep over there and continue the
vlog tomorrow it's gonna be so fun guys
I hope you come back and I hope you're
excited too cuz we sure are thank you
for watching today's vlog and just
sticking with us on this adventure in
life and being a part of our family we
we really appreciate you all I hope you
guys get something out of our vlogs and
I hope we are helping you guys live
better lives because not only are we
trying to live good lives and the lives
that God has intended us to live but I
really want you guys to grow too I don't
if you're sad if you're depressed
whatever it is in life that you're going
through right now you're not alone you
need to know that and we're here for you
but ultimately the things of this earth
are not going to ever make you happy
enough and fill you enough one thing
that I do
as fact is that God can fix your
problems and can help you he's helped me
and I would not be the person I am today
but I could go on and on about this but
I won't right now but I will I need it I
want to talk about it more because it's
seriously life-changing guys no matter
what your circumstances are he can help
you
so yeah Brittany has a lot to say about
that as well if you guys read her blog
miss beauty mark comm miss Peter Mark to
come so yeah we hope to see you back
here tomorrow and stay happy guys
because you can't you really can you can
choose to be happy you can be upset
about your certain situation your
circumstances but that is not fun and
that's not gonna get you anywhere be
happy
learn to grow through this tough time
guys don't be upset because that's not
gonna help you grow
okay I'm ranting on well have a good
night guys we're gonna go over and we're
gonna continue the blog tomorrow so
we'll see you then good bye
you
