good morning everybody and welcome back
hope you all are having a fabulous day
Brittany and I are starting the day off
here at Walgreens hello Brittany you
excited to get a shot yeah so since
we're going to Uganda on the 21st we've
been getting all the shots and you did
to keep us safe from you know whatever
is over there and so we have to get our
hep series the second shot emoji shoes
no no no but yeah we already got round
one so we have to get this second round
yeah you got a band-aid now Britney's
turn good morning guys hope you're
having a super day so far
meri and I are on our way to the gym for
a I guess it's not early-morning workout
anymore
it's like 10:00 a.m. so almost afternoon
workout the views are so great effort
snows Pikes Peak just the best today is
a team workout leave for Mexico tomorrow
so I've gotta get one more workout in
before we head south this whole area is
changing
we just finished bit sweaty there's a
good workout though not too tough this
back
Aereo here's what the workout was I have
to do 24 21 18 15 12 9 6 3 dumb dumbbell
snatch and then a single overhead
dumbbell walking lunge and then push up
so all those 24 then all those 21 18 15
partner mode everything's all done we're
gonna stopping in a quick coffee before
we go to Jacob and Colton's graduation
party because Britney's bombed the guys
have officially graduated college so
we're all celebrate celebrating just
gonna hang out
one thing that is annoying about shots
is the price very expensive
unfortunately the only days like this
shot just like hurt yeah yeah if you
ever do missions trips or stuff you'll
pot you probably know that the shots are
expensive but it's worth it to protect
yourself you don't want to get any
diseases or whatever it is that's out
there so you gotta sing touch Bros yes
and they're not they're not real
bg5 thanks for praying for those guys
yeah thanks guys
guys Colton graduated okay how do you
feel watch the pictures yeah that's all
of us so all of us that played football
together look at that and then we ladies
it is single and ready to mingle a hot
engineer folks University of Colorado
Springs Congrats
UCS UCCS done you Wow big fans
Jesus to do this you have to guess what
I got my degree in guess right now
before he tells you okay
now what are you how people have been
watching the wow you know cult has been
a goofball
I never even could have expected him to
be smart man putting that kind of stuff
and so you forgot he's a nurse he's a
nurse helping that's insane
these two guys smart fellas
congratulations all done with that
little party that was fun
can I head home now got some other plans
we got to prepare for and yes chill
weekends are for chilling also a quick
shout-out to Noah he my mom called me
and she was like this kid named Noah
came up to me and I got a picture with
him and he watches your videos and I
said that was awesome that you knew my
mom and she called me to tell me that so
that was really cool we're not here at
Britney's favorite store Hobby Lobby
they got a lot of cool decorations and
arts and crafts stuff we've been here
before so I just wanted to see if they
got any good sales so random I don't get
this this stuff is so cool it's pretty
much like wood this is things like wood
and this is only $12 if you're into
movies hang on your room what
I guess one two it's funny cuz I'm gonna
if I bought this I'm an adult but I have
that America flowers okay we left Hobby
Lobby now we're at Whole Foods but this
really creeped us out but he's like why
is that guy staring at us
that's a cardboard cutout local we're
going over to my parents tonight such a
good deal local hot wings
I love Whole Foods so we found Step five
drumstick earth hot wings and that was
like my ultimate favorite thing to find
like step 5 don't know what step 5 is
you have to check it out on their
website it's like almost the best kind
of meat you can find humanely raised
organic all that stuff so gonna make it
quick and head over to my parents house
to have a wing night and game night
selection fun wings are all prepped now
it's time to head over I also been
really enjoying this brand they have
some really tasty dressings plus I'm
gonna go dairy free sugar free right
proof
oh yeah I'm so glad my parents have a
fireplace it's just so awesome so my mom
got the iPod iPad pro with the pen
pretty cool let's see your skills bread
okay what should I guys here's your
options you're drawing a petal of a rose
a cool thing about the pen is like it
it knows sensitivity so if you push
harder my is a harder paint
okay I'm gonna play hide-and-seek with
Teddy let's see if he can find me he
will all right I'm gonna hide Teddy you
count coming downstairs gotta have a
light on so you guys can see I'm gonna
hide on the couch and go under some
pillows I'm under these blankets the
camera
found me all right here's your flower
Wow
it's not good you see the word grow yes
this is your first time using it you
kidding me
I can't do that mmm missus this is her
logo she just redesigned okay what a dad
do tornado storm she even signed it guys
you get a dad autograph man you want
this printed on your wall and let us
know we can send you a copy selling at
five bucks a copy that's right two
seconds
well folks we are back home now
just a simple chilled video for you guys
you know every day we can't do it really
extract get funny crazy things and today
was one of them just a typical weekend
for us I'd say but we do appreciate you
coming back here and hang with us even
if it's not something you know clickable
or shareable like so just I say that and
we appreciate you guys we hope you're
doing well
we hope you're living the best life
possible for yourself hope you're
bettering yourself everyday and
surrounding yourself with great people
you deserve to have a good life
everybody so treat yourself kindly and
do good things and like we said soon
Britney and I got the exciting
announcement in the next vlog so come
back you won't be disappointed it's a
whole new chapter
that's all tell you okay we'll see you
back here on Monday
goodbye Oh stay happy because you can
you
