Kevin get off the lens hey guys welcome
back to vlogs Cheers hope you have a
great day thanks we like science and we
like science experiments as I know a
bunch of you guys do as well we haven't
done science in a long time used to do
that actually kind of regularly yeah
we've done this channel dry-ice all
sorts of things so what's the I do have
you guys heard of elephant toothpaste I
hope you have cuz it's a super crazy
cool easy you guys can do this
experiment at home right we actually
tried this before but we messed up we
didn't really follow the directions on a
percent call some places and go to the
store to pick up supply so you guys
ready let's get going whoo science
studios here's what we need this is very
specific 20 volume hydrogen peroxide we
have to get at a beauty supply or hair
salon so I can call someone hurry
calling now and we also need dry yeast
warm water soap and food coloring if you
want really hey um do you guys have a 20
volume hydrogen peroxide yes thank you
bye we can do it let's go our first stop
searching hi I don't know where it is we
can get some hair extensions maybe oh
wow oh yeah we should dye her hair it'd
be fun Oh
20 volume 30 40 what are the different
volumes mean yeah man you're not tall
okay
yeah is this big enough though how much
do we need I let me check the directions
all right so this guy said get the 40
your so because you said this is 12%
roadie volume is 12% and most people
come in sounds like a lot of people
coming here to get this actually 40
all right we're trying it all so what
color should we dye our hair
yeah funny video does that mean
semi-permanent so we could do any of
these colors semi oh they are a hair
color Wow
yes I'll do mine white that's actually a
hair style guys dude okay I don't want
to do pink well maybe no yeah no yellow
no you guys just let us know in the
comments it'd be funny semi-permanent
gray we feel look like old mins it's
very windy outside today man next on the
list we need a packet of dry yeast nice
and food coloring Wow
well that's good no artificial dyes in
this one but so before we go back home I
wanted to see if they have science
experiments here what kind of
experiments they have and we found the
section Wow
slime guys I've always wanted to play
with slime I'm sure a lot of you have
done this this is fun slime is pretty
popular on YouTube recently there's some
over here you can make snacks cotton
candy maker it can be if you want for
the final ingredient dish soap alright
so before we can get to this science
experiment we have a very important
mission do you guys remember when we
were playing hide-and-seek in model
homes and we brought our PlayStation
into this little hideout we found
what happened well we didn't tell you
about this but yes level up left the ps4
controller in the closet at the model
house it's been like months so we're
seeing if it's there so kind of got to
go on a little coop spy mission to find
the missing ps4 controller I feel so bad
for him he's been there all by himself
no one to play with
hopefully the employees not like ps4
controller
I knew there
do you guys remember this house
dark or is it the coast is clear
I found it where oops rely on what is no
way yes Wow quick get higher successful
mission guys this is insane what I can't
believe they juris like I bet they're so
confused but yes we were eating
chick-fil-a last time you got sauce all
over my controller nope
we got it now escape successfully okay
this looks suspicious
Oh
in the drawer
you see there's cookies on the counter
what - if that was our idea member oh
yeah
there's sausage - this idea so do you
guys want to see it baking who's in
there
who's hiding in there baking cookies in
the model house it's gonna happen
because you successfully played hide and
seek before but the next level is baking
cookies now hey pan I'm so perfect now
we can do that we're now in the closet
we found a epic case for rare sunglasses
do you guys think I look like Louie
between now or spide bonds okay we gotta
escape now I managed to snag water as
well lucky
windy get in here now so this might be
random but we're getting some frozen
yogurt
okay geez guys there's something I have
to show you all right we need your
thoughts all right little grab a sighs
all right we've got a little flavors
here but the secret is in the spoon guys
so we had the idea you guys been wanting
merch and stuff which is coming soon but
would you guys be found and wanna buy
color-changing spoons and it could save
more Jase do or something like that
check this out see it yellow wait for it
dude I was getting ill with that day and
I was like this is the coolest thing
ever
claims be remotely and it's like a
different color our spoons with like
just on the same with safe stuff you
have to get it like very cold to reveal
the secret message yeah and I haven't
seen any youtubers and anybody selfish
custom spoons and forks and stuff would
you guys buy our spoon let us know cuz
it's pretty cool yeah well flavor did
you get peanut butter and batter me up
hey watch that this is raspberry and
bingo oh wow
okay back to the science party wow we
got three different sized bottles that
we can try so that's what scientists do
they experiment with things multiple
ways so we got the small the medium and
the large test we have three packs of
yeast so perfect so why are the
directions what's first step I don't
know look it up science you have the
results we need these to be empty so
start chugging what burp coming soon
now coming out of water you're a hoot
get out of here
half a cup of hydrogen peroxide in the
big boy
we're gonna go with green for the flavor
we're doing it right in the kitchen and
no half a cup ready now pour it in the
bottle put eight drops yeah eight drops
but you can put more if you want like 20
the whole can I wanted to be very green
one tablespoon of liquid dish soap into
the bottle or scientists you got to be
precise with these tablespoons so you're
putting that in Hugh yeah oh you have to
do a higher-up
oh man instructions specifically said
this schw√∂re around so okay
like this I guess wow this is gonna be
inside light a match Oh
mix up writing a full packet of this dry
yeast into the cup of warm water there's
30 seconds and then what then we pour it
in there and watch the fun explode if
this applies let's go
you're like bread really all right set
it down where
oh no all right guys get ready for
science in three two the whole thing one
just go something's happening whoa guys
obviously it'd be a little different if
it wasn't windy see it's more like this
just like well it came out faster or is
the one helping it go out both blow up I
don't think so
okay now we're gonna try this size
bottle except we're gonna up it with the
temperature of the water so very hot and
then lots of hydrogen peroxide you
should use yeah the same amount since
there's a smaller bottle so the volume
is way bigger peroxide what colors would
go with we just did green so we've got a
red blue and yellow blue blue Wow is
that good yeah that's fine ah do you
know that yeast is a living organism and
it's inbred and such liquids too hot can
kill your yeast so well maybe you just
killed it all I can do it's your turn
now go go go wind stop and pour
it's a blue factory Oh elephant
toothpaste why do they call it elephant
toothpaste it's like big here oh whoa
guys it feels like very soapy what the
heck
Kevin no Kevin popped his head through
here okay Kevin for the final experiment
we're doing the color yellow
wait good hasn't got to the bottom
that's interesting it's like red and
yellow maybe the more soapier the better
maybe okay guys
oh is this final experiment kind of like
explode and shoot out of the bottle
yeah that's what I'm hoping for it how
do they do that in science class they've
done many tests so they know the perfect
formula this smells like pizza one final
move
oh you guys
Wow dude this one looks extra foamy Wow
the more soap the better here put the
lid on quick oh my shoes put it down it
looks like you're wearing gloves well
that's the end of science for today it
would have been a little better if it
wasn't super windy outside cuz then it
just like wouldn't be flying all over
the place yeah hold on
exciting radio science experiments
whether you fail or succeed it's fun to
just try things out and have fun oh yeah
yep guys thanks for watching see you
tomorrow bye
