good morning everybody guess what
last night it's snowed what now I didn't
really like it's not that deep uh but
basically all the schools in our city
are closed today
Mary's work got closed it's just really
icy outside it's supposed to snow like
until I don't know this evening sometime
tonight and right now we're getting
ready to go sledding we're gonna take
Isaac sledding it's gonna be real fun
but Buford you can't come because it's
gonna be cold outside so cold man
I'll go sledding too those are some nice
socks mer thank you you're going double
socks yeah what it's zero degrees
without wind chill
I've got my nugget socks so you could go
30 pairs of socks if you want you gotta
knock all the snow off right here
because every time I open the door you
got snow on my seat and I do not accept
this corner right here is fun cuz you
can slide ready
whoa yeah that's fun nicotine out pretty
serious oh it is negative two it's a bit
chilly out
what do you love bad things like
sledding boards yeah they're just called
sleds look the dragon god I'm cold who
else is cold
not cold it are you Mellie have a look
cold
what's your favorite kind of music oh
the Star Wars oh okay
all right we're at Walmart we're gonna
go see if they have this toy we want to
play with going sledding you look so
cute now if you didn't know you can
start teaching kids at three years old
to snowboard or ski so we've been
wanting to take Isaac snowboarding
maybe skiing I think skiing would be
easier but Walmart has these like little
toy snowboards
so we're see if we can if they have one
and then you can try one I can try it
you can try it then you can try it yes
hey all the same think so
Oh how many kilograms are you guys I
also have a new bounce castle oh we
found the supply of bubble balls yeah
bubble ball right there that's a bubble
ball did you know your birthday is in
about a week you got mommy
don't what birthday a Star Wars birthday
how old are you gonna be whoa
four years old the good old days does it
my my snowsuit on what the diapers uh
new snowboard all right hopefully my
feet fit in this but I really want to
play with it you can adjust it okay good
I that fits your feet just fine we do
have some nice snow here should be able
to go down no we can't go go get down
this help set the goal but there's glad
do you need help
all right here we go I'll meet him down
there Oh
doping it too fast
ah now another Paola oh did oh now
Monica pal look oh it did this used to
be the go to sledding spot when I was a
kid but now that I think about it it's
like this is not that gonna spawn you
just slide straight into the fence down
there so we're gonna go to a smaller
hill but no fence so yeah it's very cold
out here some more sledders right here
see this is a spot then kind of no but
that makes it more exciting it's the
best hill but they put a fence there no
I did it on here's the new Hills not as
big but no fence so that'll be good
nice goggles yes tape measure top you
ready I'm gonna ride right next to you
okay
I'm going sideways ah ah ah we're cool
this is flooding learn some so more
tricks alright give me a push come on
Indy
Isaac hold on tight well hey everybody I
am currently about to get some lunch
and headed over to Andrew's house
because as you know the other day we
bought a ton of board games so we want
to try out the other ones that we
haven't played yet but first lunch of
course modern market oh yeah
Camus chain
got it snow all up in my beanie puffier
none now it is very cold but another
store one of my favorite stores actually
and we're here deals cards I've been to
Dale's in a couple months so see if they
got anything new
Dale's actually has games too so we'll
see if they have anything that the
stores yesterday didn't have when we
were looking for games the two of
smash-up I'm haven't seen this one
before smash up a munchkin wat well how
did this vitamin yes do this I see let's
see wanted to please that is mine class
I hit will give pop-up should we get a
football box guest Rita okay let's see
what we got 2016 certified I'm really
hoping to get Ezekiel Elliott the first
time he bought one of these boxes I said
that and I'm still hoping to get one Wow
Isaac picked this one out so hopefully
there's an Elliott in here I'd be so
happy but also this Star Wars destiny
this game is like so hard to get right
now because it's so popular and they had
one pack of it so I had to grab it mmm
hot chocolate with marshmallows said you
can make one to have mine too yeah it is
now 2 degrees outside it's warming up
it's really fun because we ain't playing
the snow right now but then this Sunday
we are going to Mexico for a week for a
family vacation the home of El Arco the
southernmost tip of Baja California
where the Sea of Cortez meets the
Pacific Ocean I mean 80 yeah it should
be 80 degrees there
sunny yeah sunny every day this really
be great
yeah that's going to be all next week
we're going to be in Mexico with the
family but last time I went to Mexico
the Wi-Fi there was just terrible we
weren't even able to upload so unless
they fixed their Wi-Fi vlogs from Mexico
we'll be up when we get back so it'll be
a week gone but then week of Mexico
vlogs let me come back unless they fix
their Wi-Fi which would be cool but I'm
not counting on it just arrived to
Andrews I got to tell you something a
lot of things I wish I had my camera out
for um so on the way over here I was
there's a light and it was clearly red
and this car in front of me literally
just went completely through the red
light and they didn't even touch their
brakes I'm like what if someone was
coming across the street like that what
was going on like people need to be more
careful guys if you're driving please be
careful because when I saw that I was
just like slowing down like is he really
going to go through that oh lord please
keep us safe but anyways everything's
okay
just wanted to point that out I wish I
would have filmed it but now you know
what what is that boy doing
are you logging me bro what is that boy
doing ah a nice BLT sandwich just for me
I think it's time to open this bad boy
the odds are in my favor when I was at
the store picking this out another
customers there's like man I hope you
getting Ezekiel Elliott I was like yeah
I'm Sun injured if he wants my is Eagle
oh you guys remember when I bought that
or bought that and got it from that huh
I saw saying earlier the first box we
bought I was like I want Elliott and
then you got it as I still want one real
bad so hopefully he's in here is he
doing well he could get like he'll
probably get Rookie of the Year
so my card and I will go up tenfold and
we'll go up tenfold yeah we all just
finished another round of this very fun
and simple game Aaron's here Nick is
here and this is the next game on the
menu die City fresh new game what the
tokens I love tokens what else is in
here
a board another board yeah there's many
boy I'll get our own board oh yeah holy
cow
we're learning this game it's pretty fun
so far but we sure I mean by one it's
kind of fun learning new games
it's kind of hard though yeah girls
great pause the board game it is time
for Andrews Carter boxing we shall show
the rares only though whoa Kenyan Drake
canina Drake autograph from rookie Pat
fun are you saying so fun that's the
autograph for rookie
all right I was hoping for Elliot maybe
he's still in here who is it
Tyler Boyd who is that Boyd is here
Eleazar Wiki he's a rookie for the
bangles is he good nerd kind of Sheldon
rankings I'm 75 Wyatt
Sheldon rankings oh yeah oh yeah oh ye
look at that way who is it Josh
dachshund huh ever heard of them look at
this guy
oh the Luke Kuechly completely blue foil
Oh yo man ultra rare
Peyton Manning please please Marshawn
Terry Bradshaw Oh
not a bad draw all right I do like this
card my goodness a four-color patch do
we all have a hang of it fellas yeah we
got it yeah we're doing good lying to me
who's winning me I'd say so darn it
quick little sad update ah here's the
ghost pepper plant I killed it just a
couple days ago I had green leaves had
flowers all over it and we had a really
warm day it was like 60 degrees so I
decided to take the plant outside to get
some fresh air some nice sunlight and
then I forgot about it and it froze
overnight so I think it's officially
dead now I'm trying to bring it back but
I don't think it's gonna make it anyways
we'll see you guys back here tomorrow
stay safe and peace out
