good morning everybody and welcome back
to blogs how's it going bros it's going
good over here we're at the post office
because we have a peel box as you guys
know and you guys send us some fan mail
so let's go see if there's anything in
there
also real quick a lot of you guys always
send us messages or tweets asking what
our p.o box addresses it's in the
description of all our videos so you
just got to go look at it that's that
what packages we tell
yeah donut okay donuts coupons all right
what's behind door number one there we
got it
what
Kouga oh my goodness guys this is
already adding on to the list of the
package of letters we haven't opened we
need to do a live stream soon now door
number two
what dude Garant we've never gotten this
much before
what the heck we need to get one of
those boxes oh yeah let's go get one I
can't carry all this let's show him my
hey you look like we saw another key
left oh oh shoot the final door what's
behind this Andrew to pick it is hey all
right
by the way if some of you guys send us
letters and then you end up receiving it
back or never or something like that
it's because either you didn't pay the
full postage so if you're going to send
us something make sure you're paying the
correct price or they're send it back to
you or we were just late on picking up
the package so we're sorry about that
but yeah just let you guys know moving
on we are here at Petra's nono Petrie's
o pia trees you like this store yeah
it's a it's a boardgame story enough
yeah I want to go see what that man
munchkin oh this is my current favorite
game oh so good have you guys played
this they have so many versions it's fun
we found some random games that sound
kind of fun what did you find
missed our realms he recommended it
because this was a small little game so
we'll try how well where are we now
Andrew the mall why the games don't stop
now yeah we're we really play board
games a lot we don't blog it too much
but we do love board games are there any
games you recommend a lot of Phil it's
your move in the mall we've been here
many times it's a good store guys these
games sound fun as well wow that's
that's a lot of smashes yes
we got him guys it just feels so good to
buy new board games makes me feel like a
kid again I mean of course we could buy
video games or whatever else but there's
just something about sitting down with
friends and playing a fun game that
can't be beat who is this around hi
how's it going what's your names I'm
Betty
I'm Isaac and you guys watch the vid
everyone so easy
oh we're just about to leave and we saw
them and what we saw you guys and then
we stopped you guys Seamus you know oh
come on
jumpy yeah
we're playing this game first welcome
back to the dungeon
alright guys put your stuff on ones or
randomly draw an adventurer and place it
in the center of the table
so there's all the adventurers are here
all these guys are no no oh I think
these are the adventurers who are the
adventurers these no you had to pick one
I did pick one I want to be hard
what did you think of it Andrew fun game
the first round Aaron good I want so we
didn't finish it but yeah so it's a fun
I think it'd be more fun with four
players like maximum yes so we'll play
it next time and then we're going to try
the other two games another time as well
so yeah well guys it's about 5 p.m. now
I'm heading back home because Brittany
and I are going over to our friends
house for dinner you guys haven't met
him yet his name's Nick Nick you invited
us over so and I'm getting hungry it is
about dinnertime it's also freezing
outside if you can tell
this kind of blue skies but it says
right here on mice but on my screen it's
19 degrees out
yikes just going into King Soopers real
quick into some beverages because we are
in charge of those tonight
just a few kombucha of course
IRA made it here this is Nick everybody
we just recently became friends I'd say
you moved out here once you just tell
him I'm not from New York to Colorado
just kind of start over and met up with
Justin Brittany randomly yeah yeah come
on friends and hang out and now he's got
this prepared for everybody what it what
would you call this this is the buffalo
chicken chili
I'm originally from Buffalo New York so
a staple Buffalo things well thank you
yes and you are sir I have to draw this
huh did you just win as well as a girl
you wanted yet it was like I could that
was his name
my character and I drew him as a girl
not a girl
we're playing some serious fun games you
have to connect your phone to the TV
pretty much and we all can answer and
there's drawing games and oh no this is
rude this is cool serious well you're
back home it has been a super fun chill
night hanging out over at Nick's house
fabulous dinner but before we end the
vlog I have an announcement to make guys
just recently this is so exciting
Brittany and I found out and figured out
that we are going on our first missions
trip this month I can tell you about how
excited I am like we're going to Uganda
okay from the 21st to about the 30th and
while we're there we're going with this
organization called beauty for Ashes
Uganda now if you've been watching for a
while you know we worked with them we
donated all the bald Andy money to this
organization we know Brandi who created
beauty for Ashes Uganda and she is
amazing all the work that she does for
this organization is
incredible some incredible stuff is
going to be happening while we're out
there and the villages out there are
really really struggling and what she
does is she pretty much empowers all the
women and children there to learn so
that they can help provide for
themselves and guys they don't have much
at all so we're going to be going out
there and just helping them speaking the
Word of God to them and just do what we
can to show them love and help so we're
going to be having some well opening
ceremonies they're going to fresh water
and if you guys want to be a part of
this I've been wanting to tell you guys
more about this for a while now but I
keep I keep saying to myself all I want
to make a separate video about it but I
never end up doing that so I'm like okay
I'm just going to put it at this end of
this vlog if you guys want to join the
village that we are part of that would
be so amazing so let me just show you
real quick before you guys go if you go
here to their website
beauty for Ashes uganda dot org or if
you just type in beauty for Ashes uganda
on google it'll come up and you could
really just read for yourself more about
what they do and long-term
sustainability if you want to be a part
of that or short term stuff helping with
school because these kids they get to go
to school because of people who donate
and want to be a part of this which is
crazy so you can be a part of changing
someone's life if you want all the money
you donate goes to these people
and we're going to go out there Brittany
9 we're going to vlog it and show you
exactly what it's like out there how
your money affects them getting clean
water training medical funds because
guys they don't have anything regarding
medical so this is going to be great but
if you want to donate there's the donate
button right here and it takes you to
this page this sentence was pretty great
to read all monies donated from the
people joining that particular village
are pulled together to meet the needs of
that village and they have a lot of
needs guys and you'll be a part of the
group that sends you pictures of these
women you are affecting and everything
and the village we're a part of is where
is it which will be visiting if you
click here if you want to do this o
gemoro village you just click that you
can choose your amount whatever you want
one-time gift recurring and I know if
you feel let or called to give that God
is going to bless that gift and change
these women's lives not all the needs
are met so any amount you guys give will
be extremely helpful and I'm just so
excited because it'll be amazing to be
able to go out there and film and show
you guys what's outside of America and
what it's like there and how our money
can affect these life so and like I said
on the 21st we'll be leaving so we'll
have a week long vlogs of this
experience can't wait to see what God
does and anyways guys hope you all have
a great rest your night and we'll see
you back here tomorrow good bye
you
