what's up guys welcome back to logs hey
guys wow that's what we're going if you
guys remember a few vlogs ago we were
telling you how we're having some issues
with the law being sued so today is the
day we get to go and meet with really
meaningless by the way I don't know we
just have a Corp summit but yeah you
guys will join us just today's adventure
should be a problem because if you if
you don't remember we are being sued
betameche because we actually broke
something and we went back and paid it
so there shouldn't be any problems
because of we paid it off then damn is
your private property what is going on
down here
she's got out of car this guy's I submit
uh you can't take my stuff hey fake
chasing after oh there I see him now
there they are Samantha took his stuff
come on man you better be kind to her or
else we have him on camera
oh he's pissed downtown Colorado Springs
folks here's City Hall but that's not
where we're going whoa it's like a
little Statue of Liberty oh this looks
like a governmental building but we're
going this way to the municipal courts
if you late
aha here we are whoa where's the
entrance with us block folks
oh no no no no no no we go through that
it's like security yeah making a way up
the stairs I'm so nervous
oh come on
Oh how's it checking with the clerk
where's that we don't know we can't have
cellphones in here so I'm guessing we
can't film yeah I just turn my off
button okay let's go
goodbye Court for now we're like so
confused as you guys know we like we've
never been to court before the whole
process is so confusing so we're coming
back but yeah we did like we didn't get
to film anything in that room but he we
were in the room with a bunch of people
at different cases and he would call our
names up and have to be out of go and
stand in front of the judge I don't know
yeah yeah yeah
and he and asked us to this is why
you're here do you want to what'd he say
I guess the whole point of today's
adventure was to figure out if we wanted
to apply for a court-appointed attorney
that was like the whole point of this
and some people say yes some people say
no and then some people he'd ask like
you want to plead guilty or not guilty
and then oh man but yeah I had no idea
was going on so I'm just confused for a
bit yeah we're so confused but anyway
we're coming back for our pretrial and
beginning of February so here we are at
Walmart getting a few supplies no forts
no no force today but real quick one
more thing take our advice Court is not
some place you want to be so if you're
going to be doing forts or anything like
that you could not just not just for
it's just in life in general
oh yeah yeah don't go to court be good
people it's not fun here we are in the
socks aisle very random idea guys it's
gonna be fun though way involves a lot
of socks on our feet we got this idea
from looking up strange world records
today I don't know if we'll be able to
beat the world record no well we can try
but lots of socks in pairs that's good
deal we're just trying to find the
cheapest editions 750 here's the world
records we were looking at so guinness
world records here it is most socks put
on one foot in one minute apparently in
the record is 48 socks in one minute I
may be able to beat record we'll try and
beat the record but then also we're just
gonna put on a ton of socks just like a
hundred pairs maximal about as many as
our feet can handle that may be a record
you you
oh you potato I'm gonna do a self
interview now
angel wanted me to do that I'm gonna
open this
we got the Gildan brand here 12 pairs
and this little bag ankle socks moisture
wicking and cushioned sole for greater
comfort you approve of that Buford you
approve of these good size 6 to 12
perfect let's open this up fresh socks
ain't nothing better than a pair of
fresh surface Oh what potato yes yes
chocolate okay sorry shall we do the
timed version first or as many as
possible I think probably the time
diversion okay you yeah let's be honest
guys I don't think I'm going to beat
this record but I'm gonna make a
personal home record okay it will be a
home record the most socks I have in
this house is to two socks two socks on
my feet all right can you beat you got
the timer ready all right so you're
ready yeah I'm about to hit go I'll let
you know
you won't click two one go 3:04 come on
how do you lay those out better you got
30 seconds
that's Ted is that 12 come on one more
one more you got five seconds one more
come on 13 ah that's it oh my gosh it
feels so weird in here huh I bet I could
sprint around so fast like this and this
is only 13 so what's what's happening
now so now I'm gonna try and fit as many
as possible on each foot yeah Oh hard so
I get to so the goal is to get 50 on
each foot will you be able to do it I
don't know what are you at now I don't
know you lost count
yeah but I'm about to go through these
golf bags okay that will be Tony for
that I have 24 on each foot your feet
look like you just ran through like a
bee's nest I can still move on so that's
good 24 pairs are 24 on each foot yeah
you look so weird yeah so where's the
most socks I've ever seen
now jump can you feel this
can you feel that not really you go
anywhere with those socks it just feels
weird every step it's like squeezing my
circulations they look like it doesn't
feel right we throw a man running down
the street like this would you be
concerned I'd probably think he's
wearing shoes cuz there's no way like a
bunch of socks would they'd be that big
but yeah whoa
whoa
Oh ah cold cold can you do a front-flip
yeah who you're part of that Newport I
could go to the trampoline park like
this you must wear socks
Buford's going plop it'd be so funny if
you went to a store like that though
King Soopers why it's time to do some
shopping and socks all right it's all
pockets but you feel like so many people
are gonna be staring at me they might
think I have a cast on or something on
both legs from both your feet it kind of
looks like a cast does so hard to walk
around in the castle
let's be with you
huh he got a band-aid
look mom oh man Oh ha ha ha
I think these are a little sticky
because I there in the snow look at the
bottom of your socks dude oh man what
have you done
you know how sneaky you can be in those
things I don't like yourself yeah put
the cart down well let's hear you walk
you
if I was trying to be sneaky my shoes
would make sounds you can't hear me at
all I'll jump you can probably run
through a whole pile of Legos and those
things and not feel a thing oh I can run
on rocks and everything but you when you
go find some rocks
these are all-terrain socks yeah you
feel your feet yet slowly I think
they're normal oh good oh they survived
thank you no I took them off oh it's
freezing too many socks I've got try
these bad boys out yeah you got to feel
what it feels like
pass me the socks and what are you gonna
ride the lift board or something yeah
maybe sprint through some like very
sharp rocks like Mordor ah gotten all
the socks on yes
I like that you rolled up the pants we
can see it better how does it feel like
crushing me toes can you stand on your
tippy-toes like this yeah now lift oh my
gosh talented actually go for more I
think you know the answer all right
you're doubting me are you doubting
you're doubting just a few more you will
have 3028 what is that is it 36 in total
oh my gosh
look at the marshmallow man the rest of
your body would complement it let's go
film some stuff now we're talking look
this is going to be super grippy because
these are stick to the grip
whoa whoa whoa jump aboard let's jump on
whoa man
go for it go
uh what are we doing guys tell me you
wouldn't laugh if you saw Andrew
boarding with that many socks on geez
sneaky as a cat zero pain zero pain
can't feel a thing guys huh
stop oh he's off of me takes a while to
get off complete side note I saw these
never seen him before
injured Mary bottom bacon habanero
pretzels whoa they're good guys that's
it
okay got it
maybe just a couple more huh I'm playing
my boxing gloves there's so many
thoughts nuts stop boxing oh wow if you
weren't in the ring like that I would
back off if I were Smee
oh it's kind of soft it'd make the enemy
feel good oh that was a power punch yeah
this is that was a hype that's what
boxers do okay
I'm the one-handed bandit come & get it
well guys this is probably the end yeah
giver so that's mine your toy oh my
goodness
it's kind of random vlog but I hope you
liked it yeah we just thought of that
and did it so I might just a funny sock
prank tomorrow so come back tomorrow and
we'll have more fun
always good bye everyone
