hello everybody welcome back to fort
miss a lot of you guys were commenting
that we should do a 24-hour fort to end
fort mess and we could not agree more
we love that idea plus you gave the the
fort where we asked you guys if we want
to do the 24 hour for this may like
switch how can we not do the 24 hour
forts everybody wanted to see we're
trying to step up our game for a next 24
hour one so we got some ideas we got
some friends coming so let's get to it
this is where we did the fort last time
and if you guys remember they had boxes
everywhere up here now they're all gone
so we got to do a bunch of renovations
so while we go explore to see if we can
find stuff to build up the walls
I found another mini fort check it it's
super cool and look there's a plug-in
right there but there's space ouch it's
pretty cool we're really liking this
fort guys we've just done a ton of
renovations and we think this might work
and guess what we brought a TV computer
and PlayStation if we can make this work
it's gonna be a fun night
we have purchased all the items Oh Elmo
yeah we are bringing them back to the
floor right now to do a drop we're
checking the other Fort location but we
found a problem Oh
earlier we're building up these walls
but somebody come in took all the boxes
and now it's wide open good thing we
weren't in there we're back on the
parking lot we're going to bring in the
TV and playstation sticking out the top
okay thing it's you walk in like this
andrew is in there and rotate the camera
yeah you can come in now can't really do
a tour yet it's just very messy so we
need to organize and everything in here
oh geez
okay right back I stabbed my back on a
box oh boy okay it's pretty setup right
now
yeah the hint we're just gonna Aaron a
nigger coming so we have the seat four
seats and a lounge couch what is that
extension cord the best part about this
Fork is there's a bug in your body so we
can plug in the ps4 the computer the TV
and we did buy this guys we're going to
say this once say it again you're
building forts do not steal anything be
respectful buy things put stuff back ok
ok see that wire going down
that's the plug
as you can see we get the TV in here
look what we're gonna do we just
installed tape on we're gonna plaster it
this is a customer wall mount yeah yeah
we just hold it here first let the tape
cuz we got gorilla gorilla glue tape
shit old wall now 2td in a fort how
freaking cool so funny ready for the
moment of truth
yeah is it gonna stay
cool bit hosta last nick is here we are
letting him in so you can see the beauty
of this part and then we'll be able to
close it
whoa watch your head look what we
installed what the devil
cape what do you think about the fort
thus far what the little apartment is
should we decorate the walls yeah I'm
all decorate okay you're the HDMI plug
in yes
careful oh my goodness yes
guess what PlayStation installed yeah
you've got two controllers some fun
two-player games
welcome how do you like our TV
installation but the PlayStation dumb is
built for more know what it's just tape
who's here no wonder
do you have an announcement I do what
did we do well we finished decorating
the fort almost once yeah look at this
folks we got the lights ceiling um with
the wrapping paper my favorite is this
wall oh it's about as wide as I can get
pretty rare right put those up around it
okay just be careful
that's pretty funny well we're just
relaxing the fort now and we decided
it'd be fun to play some games and one
game we wanted to tell you guys about is
called Dungeon Hunter 5 Andrew yeah we
teamed up with them to show you about
this game and it's actually pretty fun
you play it on your phone it's free on
your iOS Android and Windows Phones so
anyone can play it ok so I got the app
up right now and I got on my screen - so
Andrew can watch yes big screen I love
big screen yay let's jump right in so
this is what the app looks like pretty
cool looking screen just to start off
you got all this stuff at the top
inventory social quest you can do solo
missions on the side coop at level 9
which Andrew needs to get so then we
could like duel when we're bored go is
go and destroy them villains as a team
you know what I mean yeah in events but
let me just show you the inventory real
quick here's all the weapons that you've
unlocked and I have obviously a sort of
the best one equipped that I have so far
but I got a sword which I'll equip and
then I you can have a backup weapon
which could be like a bow and arrow or
some witches as super cool you can get
like new weapons and armor making like
craft things and oh yeah let me show you
what it looks like so since it's
Christmas they have like these cool
things going on you can like play these
like Christmas tile levels and get cool
custom gear but as you can tell the
graphics are so cool
get that present go that's right when
I'm always playing games I always want
to make sure like the graphics are good
cuz I me personally I just graphics that
are bad I just don't even want to play
the game but these are really good for a
phone yeah look how cool this is I think
over here let me switch over to my bow
and arrow I wish I haven't played this
mode before so I'm not sure how it works
but these guys are pretty much
destroying me right now so if you guys
wanna play you should totally check it
out
we're going to be probably playing this
while we're on the floor the rest of the
night you can click that link in the
description to download Dunn's 105 and
let us know in the comments if you get
the game and like it and our name
James are bald Andy and captain Jase -
in the game so at us it's time for
snacks
who's hungry and thirsty those doesn't
look like a Florida all it just blends
in you couldn't find us no way d'Armes
not hungry guys we're getting snacks now
I got some extra chips chips
yes now we're looking for beverage
shah's Wow Wow
peach tea Wow peach peach tea huh we got
all of our snacks
Nick was keeping watch of the fort you
what's going on back there put the Big
Joe in there a cake big cushion the Big
Joe soon we'll all be in there gaming
it's gonna be nuts
because
you ready come here fuckos
how's the weather up there it's a bit
crazy like comfy though so easy and line
it up yes no it's not Oh where's nice to
see all these lights outside Oh Pooh oh
no one's been over here for like an hour
oh yeah
we're starting peaceful yeah this is so
sick
TV activate comfy so crazy
let the games begin
you cannot
come on come on yes how do you switch
players notes ah so I misread you
you-you-you
we're having a little FIFA tournament in
the fort this is so sick
we do not know if people can see these
lights or TV from outside but oh what
can you see the screen like no why some
filming ask what are you hiding back
there salad I want a salad why they're
celibate here I want the fight where'd
you get that from hiding under his seat
closing in on one a.m. thank you yeah my
bad him the games have just begun did
you guys know that I barely control
neck Ellis triangle way through these
two were playing if you present
okay woes has to work guys dang gum milk
why are you guys all sitting over there
you trying to poop me bitch I'm getting
squishy show me kill him on three one
two three
I don't know what's happening bull if
someone walked by the room you so
confused we're taking that trash Bri
okay
take a cook bathroom break before bed
it's like 2:00 a.m. time is it 2:30 Wow
my dick my neck
have a great night thank you
why did you forget your toothbrush yeah
oh no me too Oh it'd be great if someone
could turn off the lights come on yeah
in the music and then sitting here
listening the smashmouth all night what
time is it 3:30 and we haven't seen a
single soul in this section for a while
this is Susan the best area before I'm
not going to be stressing out all night
I know our last 24-hour one and Walmart
people were stocking the shelves left
and right it was impossible to even get
an ounce of sleep but not tonight
it's absolutely bad time guys we'll see
in the morning Aaron's gonna finish
playing some dungeon or five and we'll
see you guys back here never really good
night
what's happening we brought the machine
out guys
please don't restock over here it's 5:10
a.m. guys and they have moved over to
our section finally we don't know if
they're gonna come over here but we're
gonna start picking up stuff we must
prepare for evacuation down it comes
Oh guys yet again another successful
fort we hope you guys have enjoyed fort
miss this year is a fun concept we
thought you guys would like it seems to
us that you have thoroughly enjoyed it
what you have to say to yourself to
myself for yourself of you guys um I
don't really know yeah we had fun
tonight we left a little bit early so we
could get some real sleep in our beds
yeah I was like seven seven twenty
almost yeah it's real tiring guys but we
knew you'd enjoy it so make sure you
thumbs up if you didn't do it and have a
Merry Christmas Christmas is in what
four days or something yeah whoa well
we'll see you back here tomorrow guys go
back
you
