we want presents vivant present wah one
thing I like about fresh mesh are the
fun ornaments on the tree my dad said I
can offer up my cookies as a sacrifice
to the Santa Claus Christmas is so
hilarious in the morning I usually get
up and go in my parents room and jump on
their bed and hit my dad in the back of
the head and say wake up it's Christmas
you idiot see you if you're watching
this my favorite type of undies or
cowboy diapers my grandpa's said we
celebrate Hanukkah as much by ourselves
Christmas lying on the floor kind of
sucks
my dad's a big butt crack made with your
chores dog I need a mobile one I'll have
to pick up chicken poop by day quickly
I actually really like Christmas it's
all my favorite holidays it has Santa ah
I want to spy on dad every time he comes
down the hole in the roof
for Christmas this year I don't want
presents I want a retirement fund
since I'm the youngest every year - I'm
the only one who gets thumped on around
here yeah last year I've got chicken
poop in my stocking while I was spying
on sale last year I felt grandma kicking
Chicka under the tree but I didn't tell
Dad so Christmas is tomorrow but dad
just put up the Christmas lights today I
know what he's doing I'm hoping to get
her kindness
a brand new dog
is my dog was running on Christmas
morning I guess all I really am hoping
and looking forward to is a new
Playstation boombox
I eat all the cookies too but all I've
been such a good boy this year
I remember back at lunch class this kid
dropped his jello on the phone I picked
it up and gave him my jello in exchange
for five dollars well I just come to
Andy's another time I'm thankful for his
I was on the playground and Jose was on
the slide I chucked him off the slide
and he hurts himself but I gave him five
dollars and our best friend so Melanie
actually likes me another reason why I
don't like celebrating Christmas at my
house is good my grandma makes but choke
soup it tastes like crap Joe as you can
tell I will be getting a great present
from Stannah also Samantha kiss me a lot
has changed since last year I pretty
much I like things that are emo me and
Fanta are on good terms is they're all
fighting I'm going to get maybe seven
presents but I got my sister present
it's so awesome
if these neon probe balls will swing
around Andy likely yo-yo tricks huh
actually I have to practice for
tomorrow's Christmas pageant I'm one of
the lead singers of the play the First
Noel v8 you know I can't really remember
the words cheering it's time for dinner
yeah the meaning of Christmas is to
celebrate the birth of our Lord and
Savior Jesus Christ who died on the
cross for us what does the sinner come
down the chimney last year I was here a
mother came and all I saw was a bunch of
rats going out of the floor but I swear
if I get another remote-controlled boat
on the back end my grandpa and Sarah um
dad do I have to Santa he has such a big
white beard when he spills the eggnog
it's at this goal dispute it's a really
admirable
usually on Christmas Eve I get terrible
nervous poops it's bad for some reason
my brother's really in the square holes
they're nuts what would happen if Cena
didn't come this year
don't ever say that again in my face
Merry Christmas
Thanks ah I'll wants their presents with
you they don't share yeah Oh presents is
worth them sing us your best Christmas
Carol we wish you a merry Chris what
song is that
it's the Jesus soon did you know last
year I asked a present for you
I just put my diaper bag thought wooly
Christmas me and my dad this year are
going out to hunt on the ice to find a
rare rattle jewel whale in the Bale
Arctic this is what I got these flung
today
I love traditions with my thoughts every
morning me and my brother had to cook
Christmas breakfast censored parents are
vegans for Christmas we make vegan
themed Christmas breakfasts with a big
dude breakfast would you make mom this
year for a breakfast date vegan Merry
Christmas Merry Christmas everybody
Merry Christmas everyone Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas everybody Merry
Christmas
I'm really hoping for kids Bob mo
edition
