what's up everybody welcome back to
vlogs today's video is going to be a
short one because what's happening we
have something really big to announce so
you guys remember back when we made this
video we are filming a TV show where
part of a TV show you can't really tell
you anything about it or part of a TV
show it's like yeah it's not ours I
can't really wait to fully tell you what
exactly we're working on and give you
the details I won't be able to tell them
until when I don't know probably later
this year or something like that you
finally announced you guys what show we
are working on and everything Brittney
taken away it's been killing us too
seriously because I'm such an open book
and so it's been killing us to hide this
from everyone basically in our friends
and family don't even know what happened
anything so dumb duh what is happening
we are contestants on season 2 of
relative grace so if you guys don't know
what this show is about is an incredible
crazy cool concept show so a lot of you
have heard of Amazing Race which a lot
of you guessed we were part of that show
well what'd you tell them what relative
race is like about so relative race is
awesome like it said basically you are
in a race with three other teams three
other couples yes and you try and find
family members that you don't even know
like who they are you don't know where
you're going pretty much
relatives we've never met before which
is insane I don't even know that was
possible so we are racing around across
the United States and guess what they
gave us a little sneak peek 20-second
clip for what you can expect to see
during the show so excited you guys to
see this check out
I'm Brittany Stewart and I'm Justin
Stewart and we're Team Green from
Colorado Springs Colorado and we're in
it for the fame just look for a lantern
drive Onew did he pass it well then
where first you turn around right here
for 40
Asli guys I think that's it hashtag team
green um we posted pictures both on both
of our instagrams and Twitter's and
Facebook's and stuff so if you guys want
to go like that show some support that'd
be awesome but you can go to a relative
race their profile and comment and blow
them up with team green
it's just relative race right here and
there we are so you can go leave a
comment say like put a ton of green
emojis do we love the other teams to you
guys they were yeah we're so fun and
we've never experienced anything like
this but it was really cool to to meet
them and get to know them as well so
yeah this is their Facebook and they
also have Instagram and Twitter which
they posted all this picture so if you
guys want go show them some love and go
show team green some some support
because guys it's gonna be a fun season
we hope you guys are all excited I can't
tell you how excited we are it's coming
out spring 2017 early 2017 so stay up to
date with us and we'll be releasing the
trailer and posting more pictures having
oh it's just gonna be so much fun
anything else you want to tell them we
were just I'm just so excited to share
this with you guys and we hope that you
guys enjoy it it was like the craziest
craziest experience of of like my life
oh my life and the intense it was really
intense in some parts but yours you're
gonna see it like the very raw parts of
us and um gonna be cool it's gonna be
hopefully really funny and really good
to see and yeah just seeing us as a
couple like our first TV show together
how cool is that
oh my god look guys ah I hope you can
see how excited we are but anyways
shorter video today hope you're having a
great day and I guess we'll see you back
here tomorrow we'll see you on our
social medias hashtag team green let's
do this goodbye everyone
