well good morning everybody and welcome
back to vlogs hope you all are doing
fantastic today um currently we're up in
Leon's Colorado ly ons now haven't
really been up here before
but it's gonna be so fun tonight just
drove up there's the car Hana my sister
and her boyfriend and Brittany are in
the car and we're up here at we Casa
Colorado's first tiny home hotel and
dealership how cool is that so tonight
we're just get having a fun little
getaway and we're gonna be staying in a
tiny home I think it's gonna be so fun
just got a column first cuz they're not
here who's excited for tiny homes Oh Ben
looks like Stu you see how this at night
could be awesome
oh yeah they turn them all on but there
is ours that little get right there so
let's go check it out this is white
nigger you know we'll see so you got a
queen bed right here and then another
loft upstairs we've got a kitchen fridge
for foods so cool yeah well the other
ones usually have like this is all the
kitchen and then yeah do you up here
here is the bathroom
so there's a very roomy in here vaulted
ceilings slide door towels so glad I had
this in the car and then we got lights
to we're gonna set up I'm excited to be
hey you what are you doing my first live
Instagram video Oh relationships she's
so crazy instagram has live now where's
my phone oh wow you just gave me the
phone
she's like hold my phone all right go go
do you think I could tightrope walk the
crosses be straight rope walk Walt I
wouldn't recommend it I'll catch you I'm
literally right here all oh yeah I know
I was you're hitting no yeah safety
first
stop in here Steamboat Mountain natural
food store cool they got all of these
organic veggies in produce nuts
so nice all right we got some groceries
for tonight we're going to show you guys
how to eat in a tiny home with the space
you have and now we're exploring around
and what the heck
hey I love the lady in that stores just
telling us that he he just does this
every Sunday because he loves playing
how cool is that I'm digging this hat
I'm considering getting him
yeah we're just checking out all the
shops here is really it's fun Oh check
out these pictures over here crazy this
guy does all this he just balances these
rocks and takes pictures of them how
what it was all right got it I just love
how there's no logos or anything it's
just a plain cool hat and I been wearing
beanies way too much lately
Mia mix it up Britney also got the same
hat actually it's a different different
tone but now we're like grandma grandpa
now you guys need to get something
matching oh yeah we just came back guys
look how cool this is so this is an
onion and organic local onion look at
the size of this compared to this on you
it's so awesome I just can't get over
this place I wish I had we had one of
these near our house like all this stuff
is just local goodness and you guys know
I'm all about that Anna
alright we are back this place is so
awesome so the people who own this place
have this RV and they're like just call
us if you need anything so we're like we
just bought all the stuff do you guys
have pans and pots and oil that we can
cook with like yeah we'll bring it right
over
so the hospitality here is just superb
superb just take your bite and just
reenact that whole thing
Oh God hashtag no rat
who do you got there very good
Oh what kind non-gmo you know we're now
discussing tiny homes yeah we all want
to buy one now because they have even
bigger ones in this of course you guys
have seen our vlogs when we went to the
tiny home parade it would be so cool to
own plus they're so cheap just imagine
that'd be so fun it's like I was telling
them it's like a basically an adult for
seriously is wait see there is we got
the oil and he just brought a whole
thing of pots yeah what are you doing
right now Brett I'm making Hannah's
skirt really yeah cuz we're doing a
photo shoot tomorrow and you guys have
been following me so cool cuz I keep
taking pictures of women who are I
willing to kind of like to share their
testimony and share their story so yeah
we're doing organ isn't really sweet you
guys should seriously check out her her
blog um it's mainly like she does
encouraging posts for women but I think
the posts apply to anybody they're all
women but yeah just check it out miss
beauty mark calm I'm so proud of her for
all our work and it's just really
inspiring and really good messages stuff
so check it out and if you got some
siblings any sisters or moms all right
they will love her stuff so just I
didn't check it out are you checking out
things you won't be disappointed okay so
do you guys remember Andrew and I built
that fort in Walmart recently I made it
look like a president well the Christmas
tree and every decoration we use I still
have in the car so we have Christmas
lights we're gonna decorate the inside
all Christmassy oh I'm so glad I still
have this stuff yes oh look at that one
sounds really cool on the other side
it's all glass so if you had a good view
that would be a cool choice but let's
get inside it cold Lock this door really
really you ready to decorate yes all
right we're all over this
no they'll work we just bought them they
got all the place then uh-oh
I didn't do it this frigging heater yes
is it not working again look back at 66
here I can just lean on this this is
just beyond and then you could wrap it
up pull oh oh wait let me move my bag
okay
what heck yes oh oh you didn't show you
this yeah but we bought two games to
play tonight taboo and rotten apples
should be fun
check this out we got Wi-Fi here we're
watching the Broncos game fourth quarter
this is so cool
Wow getting dinner going to making
burritos tonight got a bunch of cool
veggies sauces chips
so if this burner is really interesting
though like I couldn't figure it out for
a while you have to put this pan on it
for it to start doing anything and then
this is like the settings I don't know
what 500 means but 800 is more powerful
and it immediately starts boiling and
they turn down it stops super high-tech
but yeah since we don't got much room
I'm just gonna cut all the veggies are
here and once the rice is done then
sought to have a veggie Beckham beans
and such alright just finished preparing
dinner oh we're gonna barely decent
she's having to be burritos oh not bad
Hannah bought um Egyptian licorice
teeta's she said it's good never heard
of it though oh oh yes folks if you tell
your blog the tea is actually good oh
okay this is the weirdest tea seriously
okay how would you explain it what you
just said is it if you hold it in your
mouth per second kind of just tastes
like weird water then you swallow it and
it becomes sweet and that's no joke
all of us are like bedazzled by this
later
yeah like it's if you ever want to try
and try this brand it's yoki don't know
how they do it but it is a dough same
good this is awesome and then they have
some Christmas lights out there as well
oh yeah me too huh oh no I got oh yeah
hey can kind of see about that window
but good night everybody
we'll see you in the morning well good
morning guys yeah it's time to leave nap
the tiny home was so comfortable to
sleep in my gosh that bed was fantastic
but it is checkout time I'm just gonna
get a quick picture in front of it and
the snow is looking fabulous today
before we head home
we're here at Boulder getting some
native foods cafe for breakfast lunch
heard this is superb
all right so we got they have so many
good sounding options some chicken wings
and then we got this native chicken
bacon and a bow Club whoa
man that lunch was insanely good but
moving on we are here Rowdy mermaid
kombucha brewery I've never seen one of
these before but this is gonna be so fun
taproom yay
so sick yeah
so
have a try here
made it back home now and we're just
going to relax for the rest of the night
but the exciting announcement is coming
that we have been holding back from you
guys we're going to probably upload a
video tomorrow Britney and I we have
something to tell you you can get a
sneak peek at what we're going to tell
you if you follow us on our social
medias which are right here so you
better go do that otherwise I'll hope to
see you back here tomorrow oh and don't
forget to stay happy because you can
find one
you
