what's up guys welcome back to Fort mess
whoa does it look different where we're
at today yeah oh yeah holy cow today's
fort is gonna involve snow but first
we're gonna get some snowboarding in so
we're up here in Breckenridge Colorado
and you know around Christmas time it is
snow and snow equals igloos yeah shine
igloo fort we're here with the wives
here we are
it's gonna be a fun one there's like no
one else on the mountain there's that
one person but there's like how many
inches would you say a fresh powder six
six inches dang
yeah it's this is like the best skiing
day so far
you know you've only been once oh yeah
yeah there you go
there you go ladies yeah I'm just
floating in the snow Oh
okay hit that jump hit that jump Wow
Wow whoo if you have never snowboard on
a fresh powder before it's like just
gliding on a cloud it's so fun okay
taking a quick snack break chips and
some bars
time please just stop it colder skin
windy but look who's here key and Paige
is here too so we're gonna have a fun
run for it
yes right let's do it I got shovels man
all right double black diamond folks is
this fun or what
whoa this is I straight down double
black diamond here we go oh my goodness
Danielle oh shoot aah round two
another back double black diamond Wow
we're doing this tree run it's like a
winter wonderland in here he's going to
the tree run this tight before I know so
super tight think that goggles off yes
you crazy people what you made me get
out for oh yes right that way you can
get out man
before we build this amazing four we
gotta get some lunch real quick Amazing
Grace with food friends and friends I
forgot to film the food but we got what
they got it looks just like this oh yes
was that avocado in there yeah beans
vegan chocolate chip cookie yes okay so
we're scoping out that area looking for
big snow banks we think there's one down
here it could work
you
Oh careful boy it's careful you're in
the street no playing in the street go
much cancel snowy is this it
we found a big bank it goes under the
tree so we can make the fort what you
that well it'd be fun
plus a restaurant we just ate that is
right there and they have a shovel that
we may be able to borrow not to ask
you
oh we got the shuffle okay maybe we
should make two entrances or is this
just one cuz I'm just gonna be the only
one digging here
yeah but if you can't like get in and
then make a little bit wider we can do
things all right all right well keep
digging okay this is the start to the
igloo
okay so a slight change of plans
I have moved under the tree with Keith
here he's building up the walls but this
is like already almost a fort so we've
been moving all the snow out the way
we're packing up the walls we're gonna
try and build a tunnel to Andrews side
so then we could build up this wall the
only way in here would be to take this
tunnel which would be really cool so the
only problem is this the snow is just
like it's really hard take a look at our
progress you've been doing all this yeah
whoa yeah always be careful when you're
making a glue forts cuz if the snow
collapses make sure you have friends
around and you're just being say so
somebody's getting a ticket so he does
that and I'll take my foot and scoop it
out wow it's hot in here
yeah I bet but we're making pot progress
slowly but surely
yeah all right so the plan we were
working on this is the other side of the
tunnel it was going to start over there
can I come through here into this big
fun zone but it's gonna take forever to
build a tunnel so we're just going to
make a big igloo over there and then
this can be like what it would be if we
had hours to work on this but we'll keep
building up the walls and stuff in here
yeah because this will be pretty sweet
he'll be fun trust me this is tiring
it's like a mini workout oh no we just
been snowboarding like half the day it's
already kind of tired now digging holes
I think I'm officially out of energy
currently the inside for under the tree
I'm trying to build up these walls out
here yeah so we could have like it all
covered up and I think this one we can
definitely get two people in maybe three
if we squeeze but oh man we should have
been out here the break of dawn building
fort man we're gonna make it take this
much work what are these battery-powered
lights yeah yes it twinkled steps moon
that'd be so fun
has a thicker where these light snow
board
this is pretty impressive for only yeah
it's been hours every we're all three
basically in here so not bad oh we got
the light I'm the furthest in the cave
here mm-hmm it's a bit steamy in here
guys yeah I think we're running low on
oxygen guys really ah
it's comfy though this is pretty warm
surprisingly yes for sitting on snow I
know why the people in the snow country
is living igloos now quite warmed yeah I
can like barely see you you're like
gonna miss ya so good I can't how do we
get out of your bones I think we've
actually kind of stuff yeah whoa see you
guys oh okay didn't make me able to come
out this way here we go oh
we made our breath in there we started
it started to foggy we couldn't even see
Dustin at one point I started to get
like misty yeah cuz I feel froggy in
there so this part of the fort can fit
all of us all how many other six there's
six of us we can all fit in here so it's
gonna be cool exactly ah this is a nice
little fort those lights really imagine
it the whole thing is lit up with light
yeah be cool like dark yeah right here
at night oh I'm sure we could sleep here
overnight and nobody would have any idea
yeah if only we could complete the
tunnel that would be the perfect
entrance you to crawl through here to
get into this big zone I think there's
only like a foot left I don't know right
there
let's close this fort we can actually
leave up we won't have to put away oh
yeah
so we can all come back here if we want
if random people see it they can add to
the fort you could they want to keep
building oh yeah we should totally come
back up and see if anyone does anything
so if you have any more ideas if you
want us to come back up and do more
renovations let us know in the comments
but here I go where you going
what what is that where you sleep is
that like the sleeping den hey you get
out again and your watch I give myself a
wedgie
what is that Keith what's that what are
you do you think oh yeah this is my
lounge chair Justin made for me good
ah nice sure we are back in the car now
all warm a man I already have more ideas
for another igloo for it if we were to
do that so hopefully it rains they're
not rain quickly right then we won't be
able to do it nigga for it hope it snows
in town then we can make one in town but
we could come up sometime soon that'd be
funny if anybody who lives in Colorado
expands on the fork but this is the end
guys and or anything else to say
be safe my friends got that right well I
guess we'll see you back here tomorrow
for day four or fortis okay bye everyone
