yo what's up guys welcome back to
Fortman
warmest day - if you guys missed
yesterday's for watch this one in that
check out the other one but what do we
doing today for today's forum is
Christmas beeps Diane for today we're
doing a gingerbread house but how we
were thinking how we're going to make
that like a fort but we thought of an
idea we are going to go to a playground
and completely transform the playground
to make it look like an awesome
gingerbread style theme for we ride have
great ideas and it's gonna be fun so
right now we're on the search for some
cardboard yeah we're here right we found
this thing as cardboard ends we're going
to check that but what else did we get
we got some supplies from the Dollar
Tree I have this TV box left over so we
need large boxes I guess we can't find
any we'll have to do little boxes but I
think a lot of these are little boys man
it's okay these are perfect though
because it they look like graham
crackers
don't worry well security just told us
we can't get cardboard
security just rolls up and tells us we
can't take cardboard-y
yeah that guy was sticking up for us
like yes you came in it's in the
dumpsters public property we found a
different spot and check it out because
so many giant boxes this is insane and
they're actually giant flat ones not a
bunch of small ones so this is gonna oh
this is better than Best Buy it's
working out more than better than we
thought it would will this close
Wow it worked alright so we're at the
playground a playground this is the one
where we had the nerf battle at but
we're just kind of taking a look right
now because there's another playground
down the road it might be better we
don't know yet so the best playground
for this gingerbread house yes so yeah
what we're gonna do we're gonna put the
cardboard all around to make it look
like a gingerbread house so this is
fairly good this is option one we're
going to go check out option two and see
which one's better here we are at the
next park this one has a few different
features it's got a bridge here I know
oh wow this is a tough choice I like
this one more because it's in the Sun
another one's like in the shade oh good
bye Park we're deciding to go back to
the other one okay get it all out and
start building it is very cold out here
by the way but we're starting off with a
base around the bottom so we're going to
have like two stories underground fort
this is Gorilla Tape it doesn't like
sticking very well there's a worse JP
her bought no the heck go giant this one
this how's it looking I'm trying to
secure it I think it did a good job good
that's a good piece look at all those
graham crackers going on yeah yeah I
think we put this here so we need the
taper on the puller
hold this guy up almost there they'll
have I guess one two maybe three big
pieces and we have that one which we'll
probably use for like a roof for some
reason the ambulance just pulled over
here we need assistance now it's just
tiny Andrew so the reason why this is a
gingerbread for two playgrounds these
poles will represent licorice or not
licorice candy cane the poles the card
egg represents graham crackers yeah
what are these gonna represent white
chocolate graham crackers no white
chocolate just chucked yeah yeah that
makes sense so we're gonna place these
walls around have the white chocolate
I am now in the underground lair we're
building that right now but we may not
have enough pieces I'm not sure yet to
do what to finish it off you got this
just installed whoa it's dark there's
only little tiny pieces a lot so and
then you come over here that's dark
under here but this opening ah we must
close it off now Andrew why don't you
show everybody all the decorations we
got okay
arts and crafts room wait how'd you get
in here well you can kind of reach him
right here oh yeah okay so we have some
garland a wrap around the edge you got a
hundred feet of both flavors golden red
okay we got a holiday ribbon and some
bows then we got these cotton balls I
was like some sort of gingerbread
decoration marshmallows those are
represent and in these loofahs which are
basically going to represent gumdrops
yummy candy drops we got about eight of
those that's all of you got of those but
then also we got some spray paint for
like fun fun frosting make sure your
spray paint this cardboard do not spray
paint or draw on the on playgrounds
because that is illegal but if you're
going to draw just draw in the cardboard
from this big piece to help finish off
the basement luckily we got sand so it
could help hold it in place and you
already put up some first decorations
grabs installed now we got the
we need to wrap it all over the place
yeah man this is already looking better
than your average gingerbread house
basically Wow
what else do we need to add well we got
this spray paint also known as fun
flavored icing oh yeah
we haven't even showed you guys the
inside the bottom and the top so we'll
get to that after we finish this spray
paint
how many gingerbread houses have indoor
tours not many come on ah maybe it's my
hands are too cold that's why yeah what
ah great
you're breaking the fort see you broke
it
ah lines a snowflake
okay hopefully I can do that right
that's a circle
that's a very weird that's ok you have a
lot of cardboard to improve on your
snowflakes I don't know how they're
drawn well I mean I kind understand what
that is really just something to cuz he
told me and returned I can write
anything but I can do like designs what
is that is that a double you know it's
like it's like cake designs you know
this isn't a cake oh that looks a lot
better now that I understand now time
for the Star of Bethlehem
how looks like a weird blob work that's
a dumb star okay
I tried hey see ya
is good okay
haha yes porpoise are you spilling those
on the ground they look like snow or
probably not I have a kind of cool idea
what watch this so we want this to be
these are represent marshals
so you get a big piece of tape like this
okay okay now I'm watching you fold it
huh you're like yes okay so sticks to
the other side you put it like see right
here okay and then you get these is he
yeah and you're a good gingerbread house
decorator
pretty cool
just installing some carpet yeah we
unfortunately don't have enough to fill
the whole place but yeah these will have
to do let me come up we can do an inside
tour yeah welcome to the gingerbread
fort on the playground home actually oh
no warmer here out of the wind on this
blanket we feel nice window here can see
outside yeah so once you come up all
walls are covered and then these walls
haven't fully been placed but this is
the windows to spy lookout tower
who's got the the roof review and fire
fire escape
hurry
yes add a few renovations so all these
poles now Wow there's more decorations
as well as these hanging across the
balcony and that yep that as well
anything else no that's it really
but now we want to show you guys the
basement which is pretty cool area as
well so it's more of like the secret elf
lair there's not much renovations like
this yeah let's go the only entrance is
through under the slide hot base go go
go
watch your head no what a bump it okay
okay whoa see if we got like some chairs
in here yeah it's so cool like a little
bunker and the map to the North Pole oh
it's a sweet C's whole area down here
yeah it's pretty nice and you can look
out and like keep watch Jesus come me
Santa's coming but oh man this has been
just like such a fun Fort building
session wanna know why yeah I've got to
get even more like super creative during
this one it was fun to just like design
it yeah being creative is my favorite
yeah so unfortunately this fort we can't
like leave up I'll have to take it down
no it's not lame thing we can't ever
leave any Ford up unless it's in our
house yeah so we're just enjoying it
won't last
also freezing but it's so worth it
what's the password
Santa's coming Santa's coming Wow yep
you can come in how did I know that is
it time to take it down one yeah
yeah it's getting dark and almost time
for dinner so hey
goodbye Park we'll miss you it's been
fun see now the Sun is gone and
temperatures have dropped even more
extreme you're back inside getting
warmed up now but before we go we just
passed two million subscribers holy cow
I don't know if you guys remember but it
was like earlier this year maybe like
Joe high-range
can't remember but we were saying how we
wanted to make sure our goal to hit 1
million by the end of the year and Wow
doubled that I wonder what vlog that was
I know but we are so thankful that we
have passed two million subscribers and
like instead it's just like kind of hard
to believe that our vlog channel is
pastor prank Channel now it's at this so
thank you guys for all the continued
support and all the nice messages on the
previous video and tweets and stuff we
really appreciate it
any last thoughts Andrew I'm just so
excited for Christmas I think it's like
the one of my favorite holidays because
it's not like an American holiday it's
like a worldwide holiday of everyone
celebrating the birth of Jesus yes so
it's super fun we will be celebrating
Jesus's birthday very soon what we got
like another two weeks till Christmas
they don't like we can have something
yeah anyways hope you guys like this
episode of Fort miss come back here
tomorrow for another episode day 3 of 4
miss we got a whole new idea it's gonna
be a fun and evolved something
it's no what what no no snow I'm cool
all right see you guys later goodbye
