welcome to Fort miss everybody first day
a week-long Fort building extravaganza
with us oh man today's gonna be a good
one
yes we are starting it off we've seen a
few comments of you guys have left with
what Christmas tree style for Christmas
tree for it but we've actually never
been to this store to make a fort before
Hobby Lobby Andrews been here recently I
said there's trees so we may be able to
build something yeah okay yeah our trees
here Oh what I want to buy one of these
Oh that'd be fun
you put your face in there for Instagram
yeah so okay let's just search this out
we can potentially build a fort how
about yes people will how will they how
will they how will we avoid not being
seen in here maybe if we set up a bunch
of Santa Clauses everywhere I don't
think this is gonna work
Wow
made away my position nude oh yeah
can anybody see me over here and pulled
up my disguise me yeah no one can see
you
where'd you go do you think this is
gonna work out this is to open here yeah
but I think this is a style we're kind
of going for like under the trees and
that's the problem here
Hobby Lobby is like mainly arts and
crafts stuff so they don't have any like
blankets that we can like build up the
fort with which we may have to little
warmer but we're going to make this work
today guys
here we are your store they got all the
fresh trees out here but I don't think
we'll be able to build it
when Christmas shop it's now open yeah
look at all this wrapping paper
I was out wrapping before you know it'd
be funny I thought of an idea what if we
bought if we bought a roll of this and
then we can use it like walk off that
fort oh yeah in Cape yeah what'd you
find
like a big space back there it's not
really Christmas but man maybe we can
somehow make it a Christmas tree fort if
we want live bullet Christmas lights yes
let's just keep exploring okay this is
mine okay cuz look I mean they got
everything we need I mean they got the
lights here the whatever hey dad dad for
some reason they have all their
Christmas trees right next to the cash
register so
seems good as the snow fluff yeah we
could build the snow out back we're
going to try a little bit heaters give
up before we even start
see look you can get right under there
and I can put snow all over you so I
just lay there with snow on me yeah yeah
see now you're building a fort
that walls guys
so we've been kind of reader and using
the trees here to make a little spot
here and we're going to build up the
walls with all this snow snow me up
if someone walks by they're gonna see me
yeah don't fall boy if this wasn't just
in the wide open we could build a little
bit better but but maybe we can bring
this snow into the fort we found earlier
making it snow yeah
snow tree four by a tree okay we're
gonna check out the fort back here to
see if it can yeah some of my Christmas
trees on your cheeks
that Mouse poop back here oh great one
part I love about this section is
there's this giant heater right here and
it feels so nice but here take the
camera see over this guys there's just
piles of poo all back here that's the
problem
oh man grandma alert
perfect this is one of the store
sweepers this will sweep it up so we are
deciding to make the fort here and we're
getting some Christmas ornaments we're
gonna make it awesome makeshift fort so
let's show them what we got here okay we
got this Christmas tree we're going to
get we're going to wrap the whole fort
and yeah two different types of
wallpaper we've got Christmas lights
you got a reddits no rug that we're
gonna put on the ground so we're gonna
go buy all this stuff right now and let
the fort speak you'll get all of our
supplies
oh there's an employee right we're over
there
the painters turned to come in all right
yes oh yeah okay guys we have our stuff
you right understand how hard that was
yeah we weren't filming it but we just
tell him I don't know as soon as we
bought this stuff this guy came and
stood right here or he could see us he's
like one of those greeters yeah so we're
like spy on him and see where he was
going and finally like 30 minutes later
he's like all right guys I'm going on
break on his walkie-talkie right yes our
chance to go so we finally just made it
in here I got to start with the walls
we're gonna wrap all the walls in
Christmas babe
you
to start
oh yeah that's only problems forgot to
buy scissors
compliment the snow Meow's we got bunch
of snowflakes finish up I'm gonna make
this whole Christmas ring Shh
we're finishing up the walls in here
literally this is gonna be the clothes
for oh that's done I'll just die in here
we better not get caught
this is gonna be insanely cool with the
lights in behave yeah okay let's finish
somebody's out there that's our smile
right there huh okay guys check it we're
literally inside of a present we made
all the walls are covered no one can see
it
this looks so sick got the blanket for
this ground because it's very hard
let it snow everyone whoa
there is the plug which we're gonna plug
the lights in we just open them up we're
gonna have to make sure the lights go
down and then across cuz if the lights
are just hanging there
they might be very confused here he goes
to the
go wow I've arrived yeah I think the
boxes are blocking it so this tape is
coming in sure handy yeah it is how
could any employee get mad at us if they
came in here
yeah Sears they can come and take a
breaks in here now it's very lit in here
let's check it out what what why this is
so perfect and then they can't see this
because it's hiding behind the boxes now
what is this mr. pensara Christmas tree
we were just talking we have no idea
what this looks like from the outside so
if they can see the lights or not we
have no idea and this tree is awesome it
already has lights it's pretty small
maybe you plug it in via USB what we're
just gonna plug it into the end of that
you gotta open up all the branches it's
kind of weird it seems like it's night
but then you look out here it's daytime
I am
oh yes dude it changes colors do
so sick we have a freaking tree in our
for Christmas tree it's time to
celebrate Christmas yeah not bad we've
been trying to come up with a good
thumbnail for this video
it's kind of hard cuz it's wearing like
a box we made it so well you can't tell
where we're at I know you can get my
house for all you know you can't really
tell it's a fort only buy this I feel
extra Christmassy today as well because
I got my red jacket on green shirt
Christmas colors and even notice that
really yeah yeah I was thinking like I
don't really have much Christmas gear
but this works out her just posted on
Twitter a yeah do you guys follow us on
Twitter yes you do
mm-hmm Oh what are you posting a picture
I am
let's check the Wi-Fi to see if it's
fast enough for watching vids and
what not what's happening it's gonna
fall
yeah the roof is about to fall that's
something else we should ladies we
should get duct tape next time for the
walls
yeah we've been sitting in here just
hearing it crack and then like that
Pizza tape just fell off soon this will
be falling down we're trying to think of
all the improvements we can do if we
come back and make this fort what board
well we were talking on how we really
want to do a 24-hour fort in here it
would be so fun so is that something you
guys would be interested in could here's
some here's some already ideas we can do
we can bring in the exploit we can bring
on the TV with the PlayStation make it
more sturdy yeah look the lights already
fell down this is about to fall yeah
this is a good test watch movies get
some beanbags
yeah beanbag chairs so we can like lay
down sleep maybe bring friends yeah so
let us know if you want to see that and
make sure you give this video like as
well that's how we'll know you want to
see it my goodness oh boy oh well we're
going to take it down but firstly but
first we need a view from the outside oh
yeah you can see the lights through the
paper like I just don't know if I can go
cuz a security man are not really
security but the greeter is always
standing right there
Dubey you can't see anything it just
looks like a white wall I can kind of
see the top light though you can't see
any Christmas light all from right here
I can but that's it all right guys we'll
do a quick tour fort here we are is
outside and come inside here as you guys
have seen we've been filming in here but
check it painters right we can't see
lights but here's what it looks like
from above so there's like a forklift in
front of the four so if they like we
came up to get one of these boxes they
may look down and be like what is this
when we're out got all the bags cleaned
up everything hold on it's windy we say
this every time but make sure if you're
ever building forts to clean up be
respectful and yeah have fun
so next up we have a live stream on live
dot me at five o'clock and we are
building gingerbread houses and then
blowing them up so should be really
really fun about an hour and 15 minutes
so time to go home and get prepared for
that yes we just finished with the
gingerbread house explosion livestream
so there's the kits we bought we built
them here and then blew them up outside
that's it for this fort video hope you
guys enjoyed it if you did be sure to
give it a like we have so many other fun
for ideas for fort mess that are just
going to be so insane so I'll see you
guys back here tomorrow have a great
rest of your night or day or in whatever
time it is alright
