well good morning guys welcome back to
vlogs ah
we had a eventful morning to say the
least very eventful uh guys guess where
we're at right now let's just take a
look at show them okay can you see that
sign there police station oh why are we
here
ah how do we explain this it's like I
don't know if we should tell you all the
details or what but basically and we
have a court summons because we're being
sued for 80 bucks
by a company I guess we don't have to
tell you guys the company but you know
the force we build and stuff well
apparently we broke a product on
accident you guys know we don't break
stuff on purpose and we didn't know
about it yeah so they tracked us down
and they want their money which is fine
we're gonna pay it but that's why we
always tell you guys to beat when you're
building forts and stores to be careful
and if you break something to buy it but
like Andrew said like we did not know
about this no idea so then the police
called us yesterday and were like please
call us back we're trying to find you I
was like what happened
what does we do so ah so I'm gonna deal
with this just another day making video
but yeah our meeting with the attorney
or a court date basically is the 3rd of
January so happy new year
yeah we'll let you guys know how I goes
but just for for you guys be careful if
you're ever gonna build forts just you
never know what could happen and you
don't want to get in trouble so be safe
and yeah make respectful absolutely be
respectful so but anyways good morning
that's the start of our day we have to
go pay that now we just got back from
paying what was due and now we can
continue the day continue the vlog
I feel I I feel good good
also another announcement so if you guys
watch yesterday's vlog the ending kind
of just cut off randomly and I just
wanted to say that wasn't my fault
because I edited the whole thing had an
end slate and everything and when I
export the video I'm guessing my
computer ran out of memory so it just
like cut the video off right there it's
just like the most rain let's take a
look real quick yeah also one more thing
before the vlog ends we have a fun
announcement yeah so as you guys know
that's so funny end it right there
I saw people wondering about what with
all the commas like what's the
announcement like you guys were thinking
that we cut it off on purpose but truth
be told it the Mac did that himself
it's alright please stop so anyway we're
gonna announce that but we were
announcing last night which was fort
miss for votes which means for a week a
week long of forts christmas-themed
forts and we're calling it fort miss
starting Monday so get excited for that
we got some fun ideas and as we know you
guys like before so yes we're cooking
some lunch right now but I just been
checking out some of our old we've been
uploading for quite a long time just hey
what's happening brows as you can tell
were dressed 1 2014 yeah it's nice out
so we used to live with Kevin 2017 is
coming up soon oh but yeah I've just
been sitting on the couch like look at
reminiscing on all of our old vlogs with
Kevin at the apartment and we just have
some really funny and awkward vlogs
okay Cathy this is how not to use
workout equipment this is a prank duties
Andrew what you guys want to watch this
one how not to use gym equipment he's
all those slug doing that
hmm what one more thing guys this video
only has 4000 views so most likely all
of you haven't seen it I will link it
down below go look this up oh my
goodness look we put the full script in
the description too so you can read it
it's like the funniest strangest video
you've ever seen
so I think now that we're done with
lunch we're going to go sledding or try
and do something fun because the snow is
still here
want to get some sledding in before it
melts but i think andrew is in the
bathroom
andrew
dan drew here earlier I heard something
in the house like a door opening slam
shut but I thought that was just like
enough that was Andrew leaving but the
heck there you go
you're from someone here think someone's
Andrew that's kinda creepy guys
holy crap I don't know I think that's
the Santa proved the chase he tackled me
the other day now is any interest mouse
get out of here
ah who are you get out of here Oh oh
crap
bitter Christmas like you idiot or you
Fandral what are you doing what are you
doing trying to be your Secret Santa you
idiot
alright ruin it you ruined the whole
Christmas setup ah what leave the Santa
lights work till you're the one who
tackled me the other day I'm your Secret
Santa what does that even do know what
secrets it is if I NBS era and they
stock people and be like secret right no
you have to give me a gift not follow me
around and tackle me and I can't believe
this you pulled my beard off oh you're
the ones sneaking around the house well
anyways guys I hope you guys enjoyed our
vlog skit past couple of sodas yeah the
past three vlog Mia we wanted to just do
a goofy styled not necessarily for
thriller but like just a different style
vlog where we yeah do a skits it does
that make sense yeah we didn't fully
plan this one out so maybe we'll do it
one in the future where you guys get
more involved in can leave comments and
have to try and guess what's happening
yeah so you want to do one where it's
like like kind of like episodes I guess
you could say where it's just a bunch of
different videos and you guys can try
and figure it out the mysteries and
stuff oh yeah that's what you're trying
to do this with this one so I know a lot
of you guys were concerned about the
Secret Santa in the park and getting
tackled and but we all just we're just
having fun
goof around so anyways now you know
Buford what are you doing under there
guys I do not want to be involved you
guessed it it's the end of the vlog
folks Wow good guess
Andrew we want to ask you guys to leave
some comments some forts you want to see
Christmas themed forts for fortress so
and yeah we already have a bunch ideas
but we would love to hear your ideas and
tomorrow we're gonna upload a kind of
for oh yeah it's basically a fort if you
follow us on we didn't anyways yeah
we'll see you tomorrow
have fun bye christmas sunsets are
really fun
you
