yo guys welcome back to vlogs good
morning we're at Home Depot right now
looking at Christmas lights we have ha
ha super fun idea for today's vlog and
you could probably tell by the title so
a bunch of different Christmas lights
yeah I got tons of different styles and
compatible flavors and we just want to
have a big Christmas lights party and
see how many we can get
these look like gumdrops but yeah
that'll be nice I don't want that oh
these those got about 800 and so far oh
man we got all the supplies go put these
up also it's very cold today I think the
high is like 19 huh back in my house and
what's the plan
like what's well we wanted to use all
these lights in this confined space and
see what if we could just make something
epic so we're gonna pull a white side
just on the ceiling and everywhere how
many we got a thousand yep we got a
thousand yes Jay ah it's out the way the
first lights are unbox these are the LED
ones we bought this giant extra plug
thing oh we need to set them up
everywhere dude these are fun
hurry open all the lights Oh
christmas time is here whatever happened
this many lights in one setting and then
we do to the airport all right Buford
can't get boy get here are all the
lights man there we gotta figure out how
we're gonna put these yeah do you have
them hanging everywhere I've got a bunch
of thumbtacks in that jar there that we
can go baby
plug into one each another usually they
do but ya see like the back has a plug
so you can
that'll make it wait here yeah we got to
test all these strands to make sure they
work they better and you bought these
yay see need colored oh okay push that
blue yeah I think this is this one green
ready Wow look it's green so cool
Christmas arts are the funnest dick so
we have decided that this is the door to
get into the for so
we're working on getting it to stay
there what happened
somebody's don't want to go on the wall
and it hurts did you poke yourself no um
I just push it oh come on
and it wouldn't door is basically
installed so ah you just gotta figure
out where the pattern is like you're
trying me
it hurts me
how's it coming along just spectacular
we're using these pins here and there's
nailing them in the wall with this who
wants to hire us to decorate your house
yep new business I did I have seen
people you know those like signs you put
on people's lawns or in the corner like
businesses the guy like advertising that
he can hang Christmas lights for 50
bucks whoo not a bad I'm not bad you're
gonna help us Buford are you just gonna
sit on the couch and wait for food fine
oh we're getting closer ya have that one
and then this last strand of green this
is becoming the ultimate Christmas room
cheese yeah all right so here's from
upstairs
you walk down and or turn off that light
this is installed yet okay check this
out this is the ultimate room we got
lights upon lights how many is this a
thousand lights yeah dude and this is
the door looks perfect it's also a trap
for Santa so we can catch him because of
this Union goes upstairs for some reason
to get cookies so he'll be walking this
way and run into the trap catch him and
maybe we'll catch him on Christmas and
ask him questions we've always wanted to
ask if you guys see into any question
what would it be if I could ask Santa
any question I would say why are you
hiding from me I say actually can I
visit the North Pole and like help out
for a day please please would you ask I
would say well I would have two
questions one would be like what is your
favorite cookie because I think no one
knows it and
that could be very beneficial to a lot
of kitties if they knew his favorite
cookie yeah they get better presents if
they knew potentially and second would
be like how do you keep your chute so
clean by going down chimneys oh that's a
good one maybe has a just a powerful
suit
there's your chimney yeah so if the fire
was only going and a movie was going and
it was nighttime this would be the
funnest room you got to figure out where
you gonna put those I know it's just is
to come by later down here I can't late
we just put it around the fireplace I
think that's good enough it's knowing
what oh man so I was just thinking I
don't know how to turn off all these
lights like where do they all plug into
what I don't know if they all though
there or not but let's see wait wait I
want a wide shot okay go ah okay now on
so that is the main source for those
guys okay let me try this on it
that's the disco and then I can do mine
you guys it guys it's stranger things in
here are you gonna hire this party I'll
hire some guys just sit here and go like
this oh this job
what is it up there we have decided to
move on to hoverboards cuz you haven't
used those in a while we haven't got out
our hoverboards like he said yeah let's
get out
helium I feel bad we bought this tank
it's just so fun whoa oh let me try hmm
ouch
the moment of truth cool my boards kind
of broke but I still ride it anyways
yeah both our boards unfortunately come
on so many adventures okay she's still
got it though
yes here we go first time in the snow
who's watched the vlogs where we
actually did like a snow adventure come
on out whoa yes snowy out here guys
hey christmas time is here hope you fall
that'd be funny but not get hurt you're
about to do something epic okay let's
race yeah that was so good how is that
cold all right I'm going this way this
is deep snow over here
oh who also remembers the vlog we did
plowing leaves we made big leave piles
wonder if we can do that with snow no no
here I go
drift or at least that's why whoa what I
was sliding really no I couldn't yes
dude what I can feel it it just looks
like you're going in a circle I am doing
something cool fine
yeah
what Wow I can sneeze
catch me if you can oh yeah I hope you
fall why is it so funny oh geez
whoa back mine's blinking red okay does
that mean it's broke
does that mean you gotta charge it it
means it's broke but I couldn't
oh look what I found you're gonna be
jealous of us hey man all right
whoa he did like a drift on this
driveway yeah oh geez I can do my own
huh I did I did not know anyways we're
doing a fun game I just thought of it's
this game we're both gonna start here
this person's driveway is completely
there's no line so the rules are we have
to drive around and you can't hit the
other person's the line or anyone's line
if you do you die okay and lose you
ready yes I got snake came in Fuzion
Frenzy game buddy go ah okay reef
I hit a line here okay go
well building up the snow pile oh oh
don't you come over here oh you're gonna
be screwed uh-huh yeah how are you gonna
get back
did I win yes well that was a fun game
hope you guys liked it also just a
random quick story I was bit by a dog
yesterday pretty much on my butt
literally I was bit I was running to the
car and we have like these entryways in
the apartments and this owner with his
two dogs are coming out of that
someone's here
it's dead oh the owner and the dog were
walking out of that entry while I was
running to my car and then as I passed
them his dog just jumps up and bites me
it hurt
here's what it looks like yeah so thanks
dog owner didn't even say anything how
did it hurt because like the picture
looks bad yeah I did hurt I was running
like oh it was like a long stinging pain
but I can now say I have been bitten by
a dog right on the buttocks
yeah also one more thing before the vlog
ends we have a fun announcement yeah so
as you guys know
