well good morning everybody welcome back
to blogs Andrew and I are going to
continue today to figure out this
present mystery know what we we kept we
kept everything still here little man
that's just a hill yeah but oh we were
reading the comments from the blog and
this one was a good one Justin said to
go back with a defense weapon and open
the elf to see if there's a tracker do
you want to do that do you think he's a
tracker in here I don't think so but
it's always good to be safe right yeah I
mean the viewers want to know as well so
okay you should get a knife and let's
open this there better not be a tracker
in there beaver did it oh he's attacking
also this other comment it said I say go
back tomorrow during the day very good
idea Sean you know we're gonna go back
and look how much the weather has
changed super snowy out I don't play
that while you're doing this I can't
help it I have to make a quick incision
what Buford loves fluff how to cut his
belt open it was holding his pants
together all right moment of truth that
it all doesn't we have to examine this
make sure make sure right now yeah it
looks fine vision okay that's it there's
nothing else in him the head is just
feel soft right there yeah oh
anything suspicious I don't know but ah
there we go
just in case ah alright we're here I put
on some camo pants so I blend in are you
ready
maybe there's gonna be more clues today
I don't know it is snowing out right now
while we're walking around now and we
came across some footsteps
this guy just went white right off the
cliff
yeah like what we need to follow more
footsteps that might be yeah but you
know what I was thinking too because
when we were here last time it was dark
so I'm not exactly sure where we were at
oh yeah uh maybe over there in the in
the tree Dench den Suri
because it's all the way over here and
way that way too so found more
footprints I'm glad we came out here
during the day this is way better idea
yeah waiting till night would have been
terrible we're here for the prize see
anybody
you found anything oh I'm gonna go look
over at this uh I'm gonna go look at
this thing there are footprints oh it is
pointless why well why did it say come
back today oh no there's nothing out
here I'm just freezing the wool we
haven't even looked at the whole part
park yet so let's just go over there
somewhere
because the whole park park is still to
be searched I'm going back to the car
yeah plus I'm cold I think we are over
here I'm gonna wait in the car I'm just
gonna look I'm gonna look real quick I
just want if there is something out here
it'd make the vlog better for you guys
if we found something and there's no use
in not looking if there is nothing
because as you can see it goes way back
over there so I just want to check real
quick
oops this seems like a
a good area for like forts get off me
shoes think we are in this area before
just trying to find a spot where I can
like look around like wait just in case
like somebody's here
this might be something these shoes go
all the way out there and there's a big
dense forest where I think we were last
time I'm gonna make my way over there
just I for a second hey so fresh
whooping the geocache app to see where
we were yep I think I'm right
must be right here okay just turn the
camera on there's something right over
there I think that's somebody Walker
hello
hello what's that
can I help you
what what hey what are you doing aah aah
get off of me I got this one okay what
who's a drew egg
congra Andrew say he was gonna be back
here in the car ah dude where are you
I thought you said you're gonna be in
the car huh dude get back here there's
something there's somebody out there get
back to the car
I don't know where you are dude there's
somebody out there he tackled me yeah I
was dressing like a Santa outfit but I
got it's like back I don't know what's
in it but all right there he is ah I
told you should have came with me are
you talking about when I was out there
there's some guy dressed in a Santa
costume I couldn't see his face I got
this from I haven't looked at it yet but
it tackled me I'm not kidding dude see
the outfit why would he sent it I'm not
trying to make this a funny matter
somebody's down there tackle me they
didn't say a single word don't see
anybody wolf I don't know where he went
I just booked it out of there cuz Santa
a random person tackled me dressed as
Santa yes that's why I have this why did
you grab that I don't know it's just
first instinct I guess I just wanted to
get something from it so we have proof
that I'm not just making up stories hey
Buford
oh shoot did you grab the little thing
yes yeah oh there's something in there
Oh Buford
ha ha how do you get into that Oh bad
Buford we're now back at Andrew's house
and we haven't looked what's in the bag
yet don't know if there's anything but
wanted to check there's a hope that
there's anything in here just yeah see
business thousand the piece of paper
oh great another Christmas note is this
a Christmas time has come and it's time
for some cheer I leave a gift and run
Secret Santa week has appeared huh
who is this looks like a riddle or
something it's time for some cheer I
leave a gift and run which is what you
say you said he ran away
yeah and Secret Santa we week has
appeared wheat secret santa week so what
haha what I don't know what's gonna
happen next
I don't know but I don't know I want to
know for some Jigga how are you big
little piece I think more just I think
that it nothing else in here let me see
my but there's a whole but hi huh
oh is that a clue what is that okay
we'll put this together with that pie
and that No uh do you have any pie here
or pie no that has to be a clue that
there's no pie here do you guys are you
guys making a pie any time soon I'm not
let's just I'm not okay so it since it
says Santa week has appeared that means
every day Secret Santa it will appear
sounds like and then tomorrow to do with
pie though
how about dresses so this whole week
don't do anything with pie okay I'm not
doing anything goodbye then I can't even
tell you the last time I had pie well I
guess we'll find out tomorrow but oh but
guys we on a completely side note we are
going up to Denver tonight because
there's something super awesome going on
tonight move and it involves another
youtuber another youtuber you may watch
I'm excited I don't know much about this
event either so that's why I'm more
excited oh I do the wives are coming as
well so I think we're gonna get ready to
head up okay
okay so there is the Denver improv and
we're here to see olan Rogers some of
you guys may watch them on YouTube he is
probably one of my top two favorite
content creators so if you haven't seen
his videos you should check him out but
this is his like live show everything
sold out so it's pretty cool I mean it's
said that this show was sold out but I
just called them it was like hey you
guys got any tickets and they're like
yeah so I said okay
yeah all right
yeah so movies right
you want to die on stuff has nothing to
do with Christmas besides its sent
during Christmas the show is over
everybody is lining up to get pictures
and media we are all done with the olan
rogers live show that was that was funny
he told a bunch of funny stories we
couldn't film in there but it was a good
one hope you hope some of you guys got
to make it out to that Brit what did you
think I know he's such a goofball but we
are also hungry seriously we haven't ate
anything Chuck we're at magical land
we're gonna get some Chipotle because
Amy gave us a troll a gift card thank
you Amy
we're using it tonight Wow check that
out I love when like cities do this so
cool think you know my sign
bye why bye well see you tomorrow oh
yeah it's way too cold out here looking
easy see
oh sorry Oh freaking cool this I already
showed this but we're going to do it now
yeah hey whoa
11 degrees are you insane Colorado whoa
Oh britain in the bog oh thank you I
don't know
I know how to edit but how do you omit
it
back home with Daisy now just going to
chill have ball cereal maybe watch a
movie or something I hope you all had a
good day and hope you liked this vlog
and we'll see you back here tomorrow
goodbye everyone
you
