Wow everybody welcome back to vlogs are
you guys oh are you guys excited for our
packages very excited for packages okay
first of all show them this just all
right so this is all the fan mail we
have what we were trying to do was to go
live on YouTube and we would open all
these letters but we can't figure out
how to live stream on YouTube so we need
help well save the letters we wanted to
open all because we still have a ton of
boxes and packages that we want to open
so we're going to do that right now
before we open the big packages this
came in the mail and guys this is
exciting let's open this first can
anybody guess what this is
ah this is very handy this is a gun it's
a big black box lot from YouTube yay
alright ready ready oh wow there's a
letter hmm more Jase two gold plaque
yeah now we have all the plaques you
have the one upstairs right yeah it's
right in there over there wow it's so
cool and this is actually very heavy
want to hang this on the wall and then
that was the very beginning guys this
yes it was who would have known that
we'd be getting these when we started
YouTube I know two of them not me I
would have never guessed that thank you
guys this is a letter a letter from
Anthony that's a big letter it's one of
the biggest boxes we've received I think
from a fan that's not that heavy so I'm
curious what's in here there's the
letter tape on top dear Justin angel my
name is Anthony I'm 11 from a California
butts up for two years and he made this
piece of art for you guys so I want to
know what's in there but he says I look
forward to watching your videos every
day my mom loves your videos too we wash
them together almost every day they're
my favorite youtubers what
that's awesome thank you guys for an
entertaining meet every day your biggest
fan Anthony okay what kind of art do we
got in here I don't know I'm so curious
what is it that's such a bore whoa
wooden Jace two Studios logo front and
says on the back from your biggest fan
Anthony whoa I love that that's so cool
thank you so much that will go hanging
up oh you betcha
what is your package say that says do
not expose the heat well that what it is
and there's something smelling here I am
NOT an American football fan obviously
it's a pack of cards oh okay
dear Justin Andrew please we're on
camera if you want you guys are my son
my favorite youtubers and I even show my
family and they love to watch your
videos I sent some soap samples that's
what that smell was from the soap I make
from Diego's homemade soaps calm soap
samples the pink one is Japanese cherry
blossom lavender coconut lime wow that's
so cool that he made these ideal life
soap in different shapes by the way guys
it says he is 12 by the way and he's
making these homemade soaps by himself
he's making these soaps because he's
trying to earn money for a ps4 yeah how
cool
Thank You Diego for the soaps this is
from Australia Oh awesome there's lots
of eyeballs what pictures of things so
all over the pictures we have at JSU
studios nice we have a a man what is
that man no it just seems like something
happened to him
what the heck another man but here's
read and here's a letter so I'll read
this damn Oh Jase D I won't you be used
all the time what I also like you vlogs
could you please do more 24-hour force
PS I'm also from Australia my sister is
also writing her name is in Indiana
my name is ellos it looks like ham PS my
printer is broken uh that's not my
hairdryer I am seven three exclamation
marks whoa
seven yeah oh maybe it's Hamish I
thought it was like a ham period okay
well yeah Thank You Hamish in Indiana
for sending these pictures and these
eyeballs
thank you I have not I have not stopped
it what the not stopped giving thanks
for you remembering you in my prayers
visions 116 eyes because I know you both
love Chipotle what $25 gift card in
Tripoli yeah
Dustin Andrew I appreciate you too more
than anything thank you for all you guys
do all your positive positivity gives me
so much happiness from Amy Amy Amy
you're the best
but that's not all what there's
something in here what is it new books
whoa
books blessings for a woman's heart well
that's pretty cool no oh this is for but
it's me oh that's pretty cool yeah she
wrote a little blurb here for Brittney
Oh blurbs are fun everyday comfort
spiritual refreshment for women you
could read this
oh thank you oh this is a cool pen but
looks like there's like old note in the
bottle here this piece of paper always
follow your heart
it's a little necklace oh that's what it
is it's not saying it says follow your
heart oh that's cool that is so cool
Amy thank you seriously open this is
from Great Britain there's another one
in here that's just like it so I'll open
that one next
okay what is it oh there's a letter we
still don't know this oh it's this Indra
Mary oh my what the hell way I can read
this whole thing to be honest it's just
goes and good long and awesome letter
from one of our longtime fans on we see
you tweeting us all the time on Twitter
Anna Anna yeah yeah yeah I was really
encouraging to us reading that letter
thanks for sending this and just sharing
a part of your wife with us too what wow
that is so cool
this is so fun here hold that oh my gosh
that's so cute
oh she print off some little Polaroid
for the stuff sign and send back how's
the view like oh with a whole bunch of
Harry Potter stamps how cool and
meaningful this is like so this is part
two how that makes more sense
oh my gosh that's so cool this is just
Brittany is gonna love this seriously
yeah and that for those who don't know
is when we got married I am opening up
another package now but again thank you
for the wood block and that thought and
thank you for watching our videos
this package um came in a bag band-aid
box and it says from Jimmy so let's see
what Jeannie sent here what are those
what holy cow look how old this card
pack is
what 1991 that's when I was born
really yeah and then we got some
baseball card packs hello my name is
Jimmy and I am from North Carolina I
hope you enjoy these card packs and
coins from Jimmy
well Jimmy I that made me laugh sending
it into band aid that's funny and I want
to open one of these actually okay yeah
you open one
I'm gonna save one just because it's the
year I was born so that's cool are there
any rares so many rares you know yes
some olds dear just do my name is Danny
I live in Illinois
my favorite video is 24-hour trampoline
park I have been watching for a year
my brother um watch your videos on my
Chromebook I'm eight eight whoa hope you
enjoy some snacks there's some snacks in
here really also a dollar for the ball
and II donation bag oh that's the first
one of the day that is still have a
giant ball dandy bag for everybody who
donates so that will be donated to a
good cause ready yeah
whoa whoa whoa whoa this is Andy on it
at first I thought this is like a fiber
bars you are fiber bar there's some
Bronco cards in here else keyman cards
wow you got some new toys to play with
hi more juice dude my name is Cole and
I've been watching for about a month and
I subscribed after watching three videos
I just really liked your humor if you
sign extra I can get you another
subscriber you mean sign this okay uh
thank you I am a ten year old boy I live
in Montana and I love football school
basketball in the cross I love your
channel and I'm smart obviously and I
don't read cool you're funny died thank
you for this drawing and he has his own
sports card let me see that
that's cool a-hole that is so cool shy
my own sports card from him
wow that's cool and just come back PNN
oh yes Yeats of course all the AIDS
brothers that's right
hi my name is I'm gonna mess this up
booka booka okay sorry UK I'm 9 but I've
been watching for 5 months I put
something special in for Buford and
Daisy
can you please include this in a vlog
play of the game he's their psychie
couple draw drawings of things that we
like oh sweet like nerf rivals NFL
that's cool Qbert whoa cool Broncos heck
and then guess what it is
Dodd Bob
you're so happy they're yellow are they
made out of mustard curly wurly 'he's
never heard of them I guess I'll try a
bite ah what that a little chewy here
just endanger my name is Johnny cheddar
and I suppose I represent the older
demographic of Jay Stu's viewing
audience I'm a single man of 39 in an
all honestly honesty I can remarkably I
can be remarkably immature at times I
see that as the strength I love video
games and such but I also play guitar
and write cheesy love love songs I've
been watching Jace do for a good long
time and I've always enjoyed the pranks
and blogs for the past year
my niece Mary who is 9 has been watching
with me I know you guys are big sports
fans and I've enclosed all my old
basketball cards from those younger son
I fell
this is him by the way with the CD of
the songs yes you guys seem like
genuinely good thumbs and your videos
are enjoyable without result resorting
to vulgarity and that's for flesh
freshing absolutely from Johnny and here
is his niece Mary what she signed this
picture for us said we could have it
thank you Mary well thank you thank you
thank you Johnny here yay oh whoa whoa
calm down looks like there may be some
Raiders oh I love rares the John Candy
experience what thank you thanks for all
the cards and we'll listen to your CD
man we appreciate you guys sport I don't
know what this is mom know what this is
there's no letter no nothing oh I love
that you're my mom is that a pillowcase
yeah that's such a random pillow even if
you are a mom like you give that to your
mom and what would she put that on her
couch oh here we are I like it I love
that you're my mom
well thanks hi I'm Andi you guys are
awesome I watch your videos every time
you post my favorite is when you do talk
turn forts
I will send you lots of cool cards from
Andy these are the cards you give us a
Jersey card this is a cool card and
emoji Grant Hill thanks Andy
and I a bunch of cool bronco cards dear
Andrew dressing my name is Christina and
I'm 11
I've been watching for a year and a half
your videos are great you make me laugh
every time I hope you like the mail also
you guys should do a 24-hour King
Soopers fort or base I love kombucha I
really like synergies mystic mingled yes
that's good one last thing
Merry Christmas
does that hinder it's like a collection
of cars man we know buddy is a pretty
rare Sheriff well it's jack
Davonte Booker Thomas Rawls that's a
cool card CJ Anderson that guy who is
that what a von Miller Jersey car what
are you kidding me we're always looking
for that man Wow
thank you there's an unopened pokemon
pack what the turn it ancient origins
ever come on heard of it ball toy spin
Ark are they rare is the thing Magikarp
we're getting there okay Black's a bowl
I and Amma tongue doesn't look like in
your ears hmm
it's okay okay thanks for the letter and
all and watching our videos
they're just nature hi my name is
Brennan and I am 10 years old and I live
in Ohio and this is the first time I
have sent fan mail to any youtuber dude
thanks I want to do a collab with you
guys but nobody would know who I am
mostly because I am NOT a major youtuber
like you guys and Roman Atwood
don't ever stop making vids can you
shout out me please shout out Brennan
this took me an hour to do because I had
to think about what to write and save
you guys oh here's a dollar for the ball
dainty foundation yay boom there you go
and he's wondering where the where does
the money go the money we donate to a
good cause and help out people in Uganda
he drew this that's cool I'll go he said
some snacks aka candy
Wow a Pokemon pack he said sorry there's
no good Pokemon oh man
gave us all the worst things you're
welcome thanks Brendan so this letter
didn't say who it's from
but it's just it's just a Amazon package
great and I'm at that oh here's a here's
a letter this pepper is twice as hot as
a ghost pepper and officially the
hottest pepper in the world you guys
seem to be getting spicy stuff down easy
lately so I recommend giving this a try
it was horrible anyway hi daizy and
arrant who says we're doing the hot
stuffs easy this now I cannot put it in
chili this looks painful but I won't eat
it with something not by itself please
read the Sun blog okay you're my
all-time favorite youtubers and I love
the 24-hour toilet paper fort videos
never stop making videos god bless you
and who's this from I don't know
reading video my letter hi my name is
Ben I'm 14 I love your vids and make me
smile when I'm bored and when I'm just
watching for fun I love you guys make
clean lifting content every day I look
forward to each new blog and prank tell
Aaron that he can make it from college
since Andrew did it I will let him know
in this letter you should find some cool
foreign money from Guatemala and $5 for
bald ND who put in a trillion dollars in
a return stamp we have this oh nice you
drew that yeah that's really good I love
it
and then here is the foreign money pack
he was explaining about whoa so we have
the five dollar bill this is American
and then the one trillion dollar bill
which is not real yeah uh thanks so much
for taking the time to do this and watch
our videos appreciated hi my name is
Cole Carter and I live in Indiana I only
recently came across your channel and
was immediately hooked props to you guys
for always being so responsive with the
fans I always know that if I tweet you
one or both of you guys will always
interact
what I said sweet he sent us dog tags
let me try what is this
oh is this Fantastic Four I'm the thing
on 10 the logo
Thank You Carter hey guys so I really
want you guys to read this whole letter
okay I also collect football cards but
I'm a Raiders fan I knew you guys like
the Broncos so I sent you my Broncos
cards I don't know whether the cards is
how you are good or not because well I'm
a Raiders fan hi but I hope they are I'm
a Christian too and love that you aren't
afraid to let anybody know that you are
I also sent you a paper that I would
like you to sign sandbags sincerely max
have fun with the cards good uh
unfortunately no we have Kyle Orton
rolling looks fantastic Kabhi really
hurt his feelings to draw this then
that's good he's really good
well max thank you for the letter and
the support dear comma j stu studios we
scribbled just want to say thanks for
making awesome vids from Mitchell and
Matthew PS we like nerf too and look he
sent a sucker a chocolate thanks for
watching girls
hey Jesus to deliver videos they're
absolutely hilarious i watch your videos
all the time I've seen pretty much every
video you guys have ever made in my
personal pain your finest videos are the
worst prank ideas this is second time
today you guys need to make a lot more I
have a few questions
couger what are your favorite movies
crown some good burger yeah well your
favorite TV shows good burger
I like blind spot Last Man Standing
Oh would you rather get punched in the
face by Mike Tyson or get into a
snowball fight with a major
pitcher random question snowball fight
punched in the face what yeah break your
faith man finally what is your favorite
song ah man right now my favorite song
is jingle bells ah that's not a good one
that's not I mean that's a good one and
then a five dollar bill so thank you so
much for that
bald Andy do you have to go bald again
no okay we're not doing balding we're
doing long hair Andy this is from David
so thanks David hello Justin Andrea my
name is gray and I'm eight years old I
love you our fort videos and all you
have videos keep up the good work
love you guys look at this point a oh
it's cool oh wait that's kind of fun
mom Greg wait there's more to this dad
joke time knock knock who's there
more more who more Jay Stewart
oh thanks for the letter great thanks
everyone for sending packages this was
just the package we have all the letters
in there we soft it open so if we didn't
read yours yet we'll get to it
eventually and if you want to know how
to send us letters our address is in the
description of every single vlog so you
can just look in there and that's how
you do it
mm-hmm hope you guys are bears today
again thanks for the letters we
appreciate your support cam back home
want to show brittany and this what is
it that so cool what yeah oh my gosh so
we can hang that up this do you remember
um i retweeted the the sheet that girl
would tweet out her daughter laughing at
our videos yeah it's her yeah her and
her daughter
okay well thank you so much here's it
I'm gonna like tweet this out yeah
definitely this is amazing this is for
you take a look there's a note you read
it Brittany I pray that you find peace
as you write in this book I'm so
grateful that I found you because you
inspire me to be better you have so much
potential take a moment to acknowledge
acknowledge just how much progress you
have made
I am so proud of you keep marking your
beauty never give up Amy I loving me so
much maybe there's an end like the fact
that you gave me this book thank you so
much like I'm gonna write in this and
when I like I'm gonna show you I'll fill
it out this is from Kayla and this is
like a late letter because you guys
already open your letters like a while
ago and I missed that opening I thought
I would go ahead and just jump on this
like letter opening so um Kayla said a
lot of nice things she said I cannot
even begin to express how inspiring you
are I love that you long to empower
women women with creativity and
recognize our as such a powerful medium
your photography is super cool and it is
really awesome that you can use your
strengths and passions to preach
positivity so thank you so much hear
these letters and like these gifts mean
so much to me like more than you know
like more than you know seriously guys
thanks for sending us stuff and the
gifts you send Andrew and Mary and then
Brittany and I like so cool
Oh
