well good night everybody welcome back
bones oh well where's Fi first of all
why because this camera we using right
now during snowboarding I don't know the
lens kind of smashed in but I do have
insurance so I'm trying to see if I can
get that fixed or get a different camera
so I don't have the battery pack and
they said I can't exchange this camera
or do any trade ins or fixings without
the charger so I go back home and get
that but meanings we want to do
something fun
what do you want to do well you want to
go geocaching so we haven't done that in
a while
you guys share our times
really yeah Jenni yeah Jarrod no good to
me in watching sweet yeah what was I
even saying we're doing we're gonna we
want to go geocaching because we got
those lights from Manfrotto so we can do
it at night yeah I'd be fun like find it
in the woods and so we want to get a
drink here at Walmart real quick before
we head out this is that ah my new
favorite Twix bar okay in a yard of Twix
bars no no no put that back pure sugar
no no no no
oh I want this one
oh okay thank you ah all right what do
we need for this adventure lights from
Manfrotto
which yes but we need a backpack to
carry everything in okay I'm so glad
we're gonna be able to use these lights
they sent us tonight we haven't used
them outdoors so this is going to be a
fun night adventure maybe we'll find
some cool geocaches who knows nice this
is what true explorers need to find
geocaches here
are you coming no I did it all right
back at Best Buy we got everything about
the head on tonight's adventure but I
think I'm gonna trade out this camera
I'm filming with with this guy the g7x
mark - so now I have this one right now
699 679 now one problem about this
camera that I've noticed while using it
is at night time it is not good unless
you have like an external light source
so if you're looking to get a vlog
camera I don't really recommend this one
because we sometimes vlog at night or in
low-light situations and this is no
bueno this is the Mark who Dawes and
Cody said they use this one it's very
good at night I have the mark one what
is this yeah
we'll see going to get this one I always
recommend getting insurance if I didn't
have insurance I wouldn't be able to
trade this camera out for that one so
quick unboxing sisters here we go
ain't nothing like opening a fresh new
camera Wow now this one's a little
different cuz of this grip right here
yeah and then the screen also extends
this way and oh man pletely up so you
can see you're yourselves lucky I don't
think this has any charge so we're gonna
be using Andrews Sony for the adventure
yay
but you could try to turn it on again I
mean if you wanted yeah alright
I mean moving out no come on get into
movie mode all right I have the first
yeah that looks good can you see yeah
but try this oh this is a memory card by
the way that's how you record things
yeah I want that we are on the new vlog
camera now yeah have to monkey with some
settings uh I have to add the autofocus
on face face assist or whatever the
battery is already blinking so we're
gonna use Andrews camera all right that
was a good test good test
good test guys so we're gonna use the
injury's camera all right that's a good
test
good test good test guys uh uh all right
now we got to put the light fixture on
this boy okay light fixture is on now
wait look cool or what I can see I can
like move it does that make sense I wish
you guys can see it and then I can turn
it up Wow Wow
it adjust really well right dude okay
how's that okay we're here um on the app
geocaching there is a geocache like
right directly down below us wha what's
it called Santa's reindeer number seven
Donner Wow that must be a new one yeah
must be Santa Claus edition this is the
seventh cache in Santa's reindeer series
what it's like a little clue puzzle
thing wow that's cool let's go find it
okay this light is really bright so I
can't see where I'm walking but we're on
our way we can see you that's the back
see on the whole can you see me this way
yes definitely oh but it just looks so
good at night I love this light yeah get
that out where are we going
well we're just going straight for now
mm 21 degrees Marin ha are we going the
right direction
straight ahead this way
57 why are we doing this at night we can
only use this light darn it
Oh light in the car oh you guys don't
really realize how cold it is out here
I can almost not feel my fingers we're
going into the woods now though why
because it's so cold out there where
there's no protection from the wind yeah
this is already I can tell this is way
better check it out look my phone died
it was like a 70% oh well I have mine so
we're going to another one that's right
over here in the woods yeah we couldn't
we couldn't find the reindeer one a lot
of people in the comments said that they
think it got lost because they were
looking for a while never been down here
in the dark before anyone up for some
night froth okay I think we're getting
close but I think we should split up and
look around this area because there's a
lot of good hiding spots yeah it's like
it's right in this big Bush area I think
like yes well areas bushes so I'm gonna
I'll go that way
you'll take it I'll take the phones mine
died all right well just call if you
find it or something
thinking they usually hide stuff like in
these cracks in the trees but I've been
searching a few of these is not near it
Wow
you find anything Andrew Nikko Andrew if
you can hear me make a sound okay huh is
that okay I think I think I found it
guys this may be it
I don't know if this is the geocache
this is kind of random why would they
hide eh why would it be a Christmas
present box oh I found it but that's
kind of creepy
well done
finding the gifts come back tomorrow for
your prize huh
that's all it says I don't think this is
the geocache look hides this out here
Edgar oh heck is Andrew alright the heck
where were you
tree I couldn't find it I thought I
thought I saw it like up I found this is
this it I don't know this is the don't
geocache as usual have something you
sign read the note it's kind of odd
all done finding the gift come back
tomorrow for your prize huh
and it's kind of like a creepy elf did
somebody hide this today I probably did
it recently I want to come back tomorrow
to see what what happens it says a prize
yeah but this is just weird I know it's
weird but oh well I want to figure out
what the prize is that would be funny
right or what doesn't sound that funny
what does it sound like them why is
prize like in quotation that's why you
have to come back to see what it is
sound funny I don't want to keep little
gang literally can't feel my hands hello
what's this boxes metal so like loyally
how's that
it's owned out here that's a box no no
make it brighter so we can know or that
sounds like a Christmas bill dude my
hands are so bad I can feel I know Wow
fine to think it's safe to say it
tonight's geocache adventure is over it
was warmer during the day but Wow okay
we're back home now in the warmth can
finally feel like painters okay let's
just think about this for a sec this
looks like a brand-new box little
basically and it's Christmas themed so
fallen is around or something what was
that was that it looks like it's another
note what yeah before did you see
anybody when we were walking around know
where you were you weren't even binding
was something it was so dark out I
couldn't even see anything you didn't
see anybody walking around following us
or any sounds in the bushes no just you
well I was called before you I was just
looking at the trees as I say see you
soon
Merry Christmas what the we need to get
to the bottom of this leave thumbs up if
you guys want us to go back out tomorrow
it's 907 now really
yeah that was a fun night adventure more
adventures must happen yeah I guess
that's it for today's adventures leave
any comments down below your thoughts
comments concerns haha and we'll see you
back here tomorrow alright guys have a
good night goodbye
you
