welcome back to vlogs everybody hey I
hope you guys haven't just 10 awesome
day yeah we're on our way to the store
right now we need to get some supplies
for the livestream we're doing about an
hour and a half yeah we hope you guys
were able to attend this livestream we
told you about the past we're giving
away five hundred dollars to one of the
people there live streams in so I hope
it's you maybe it's you we were checking
out our live dummy profile and holy cow
one point zero six million fans what
where did those come from that happen
Wow all right thanks yeah I guess we'll
a live stream for you guys and if you
have missed our old live streams you can
watch them they're all here oh man we so
cool we prank trick-or-treaters and ruin
the asylum which is low glitchy but
that's okay a fort link will be in the
description if you want to download it
you should totally do that yeah cuz we
have had some really fun live streams I
think I would really recommend the prank
on the pizza guy to our house which one
was that
I don't know yes go watch that it's
funny you have to download the link Oh
boys the asian-pacific market we have
come here once before in vlogs it is the
most interesting Mart I've ever seen I
mean they do have normal stuff but I
have a lot of unusual things that you
can't get it like supers Walmart unusual
for us we're American this is mainly
Asian foods that we don't eat so yeah so
would you like these eggs
these eggs those kind of like ancient
dinosaur eggs women and they are not
moldy at all or like what all their
quail eggs not bad I never seen or
pickled radish sliced wasabi or do spice
bean curd for the last dream what we're
going to do is find a bunch of unusual
snack so we've never heard of before and
eat them for the live stream a frozen do
rat do raw ow ow
first up the Indian bitter melon never
heard of it we don't not know how to eat
this but we're gonna eat it for the
livestream up tonight some Thai chilies
they actually have these at King Soopers
but we're going to get them anyways so
we've never tried them we can't decide
if they're on earth at habaneros or
jalapenos yeah we could look it up but
why are we just going to get one
yeah just one each what did you find
seaweed salad
hey yah she whack happy what this is buy
a bunch of fish thing so hoping there's
no fish class yeah
you want to try one of these
it's a special sale
and
yeah I think I might pass on the fried
tilapia link guys we literally I think
we found the most strange ice creams you
would ever imagine I already see a few
that are strange okay cheese queso queso
cheese ice cream this is no joke
sweet purple yam and cheese ice cream
and then corn and cheese ice cream ooh
there's avocado ice cream thick why do
cheese sounds hilarious I'll try it
cheese ice cream yeah for finding so
many good ingredients we're thinking we
should do a challenge where we come back
and get just even more strange items and
do a challenge for this channel if you
guys want to see that let us know
anybody wants a brain of rice
or this guy
literally this whole aisle is just new
ramen pretty much all different types of
noodles most of them I never heard of
let's juice it's banana in syrup what's
syrup no no buzz does not look like
bananas
this isn't but this is this what's in it
Oh sugar okay 9 these are quak ease it's
probably almost as big as my hand they
also have roasted duck right there
never had that before are you ready yes
we got everything we have enough snacks
oh this is going to be fun
yay this is a lollipop that's huge
I think we should do an overview of all
the snacks and stuff correct yes also
say hi to vlogs guys yeah let's say hi
well let it focus there we go this is
what it looks like folks live Donnie we
are on the live stream right now
everyone's saying hey we just started it
we're going to be on here for an hour
yeah we're about to review all the
products I'm about to try the first
snack which are chips they shouldn't be
that big a deal let's try that is not
barbecue at first I thought it was good
but now it's more like a sweet out sweet
flower yeah it seems like a pastry what
do you get this out anything maybe I
guess 600
what are you eating I don't know the
Indian bitter melon what well we're
going out okay I got put yourself right
andrew is now trying some grass jelly
you have to drink the chunks yeah why I
hope you guys can see I was like
drinking this and then I got to the
bottom and there's like weird chunks in
it I don't like chunks dude alright
had to drink all this yeah it's just
grass jelly to water camp the truth the
texture and the slime and everything in
there is making me not not look does
look like cool you have to drink the
chunks when you do it I tried though you
have to at least try drink drink it
drink it
the chunks they taste like Jenny
unflavored Yeti I just don't understand
some of these people who might who made
this drink was like yes this is perfect
we must sell it to the masses it's time
for squishy melons or not melons started
squishy bugs who they feel so weird they
feel like little fluffy marshmallows ate
hot peppers
it can't hide Chili Peppers no yeah bad
idea this is bad that was a bad idea I
thought they were gonna be that hot but
it's starting to kick in way worse yeah
hmm we've been trying some of the things
you haven't seen on vlog on the live
stream so if you've watched the live
stream you saw everything we've tried
but now it's time for cheese ice cream
Andrew rats open it up this much cheese
no get a giant spoonful okay see some
really how's that that's a good bite hey
let me guess aha
set this up right here ready is this
gonna taste like a grilled cheese
sandwich
I hope five to one oh okay thank you
what it did cheese ice cream is so salty
all right we're eating these as the
finale all right said you had to wash
them so we tried and this looks
absolutely terrible smells absolutely
terrible we need to get a pan down
if you guys could literally smell these
we'll get the little the one egg cooker
okay I hope these are good otherwise I'm
gonna have lost faith in this company
that they thought this was a viable meal
to eat and apparently these are bugs oh
yes what the people on a laptop using
let's see if Buford approves Buford you
approve
you want some bugs
Buford loves bugs all right guys in go
the bugs okay you need a season um you
know you have to eat them straight up
but who eats it like that
here are the fried worm buzz worm buzz
okay I don't think it can focus but you
see that eyeball yeah it's got eyeballs
yeah you have to put a spoon up before
you have how many do you have we have to
have the same amount I don't know two
four six like around ten all right hey
yeah
letting elegantly think about you get a
good laugh very salty the measure of an
input salt on them it just is no weird I
don't want anymore
you had to finish the plate no for ten
bucks okay from Mary we'll give you ten
bucks if the person who found these was
right here in front of us
bonito out not really a fan have you
guys ever had ocean bugs I feel like no
one's happy well guess what last night
of the vlog nation watching hope you
enjoyed it but first I found this
comment from the last vlog from Jared
and it says I gotta say I appreciate the
fact that you guys love your wives
unconditionally it shows your vlogs
thanks for modeling healthy marriages
for your fans Jared that was an awesome
comment really appreciate it thank you
so much and I would have to say that the
majority of our viewers are probably not
married so I'm glad that we're able to
model that for you guys that's the end
so we'll see you guys tomorrow
enjoy the rest of your day or whenever
you're watching this
see ya
