well good morning everybody hope you're
having a blessed day so far Brittany and
I are up here in Castle Rock
it's like a 40-minute drive from where
we live but we're checking out some fun
antique shops and Catholic it's not your
fun area they have tons of really like
unique shops that you won't find
anywhere else and we're just looking for
some you know cool finds lots of
Christmas items here oh it is this is a
geek shop all of the items here I'm
pretty much grateful so it's like really
cool is there intense so all of these
like there's tons of different like
little sections but each section is
owned by a local artist or what
put that on looks insane
ouch this whole section is a Colorado
gear they got some really cool stuff
cool color shirts
what they have an ice rink up here
that's so cool I wanted to keep oh yeah
they'd light them all off and look at
the crosswalks this town is just so
creative oh yeah and the smells I'm very
hungry
so we're bringing I have got very hungry
so a nice burger here we split it and
then the salad we split as well can we
spend our what our anniversary here do
you remember when that was first year
anniversary quick morning update we were
just hanging out eating breakfast and
came downstairs to charge the battery
for my camera and I came across this
mess down here it was like someone got
into some fan mail you heard did you get
into the fan mail huh at first was I
called Buford how dare you get in the
fan mail but then as I investigated I
realized that the candy wasn't opened
there was this bag opened and when I
picked up the bag this bag says Buford
on it and this one says Daisy so it's
like I don't know whose this was and
they've sent dog treats and beef hurts
somehow found it in this pile of fan
mail how did you do that I know he only
ate the thing that said his name on it
Buford I was mad but now I'm kind of
impressed I figured I'd read the letter
that Buford got into this is from Andrew
he says my mom won't let me give you
football cards but she let me buy a
t-shirt and fan mail he's eight and he
loves the videos see there's like a big
hole out of the top or Buford got into
it the corner you put the stamp you eat
it Peyton Manning GZ should use thanks
for sending this Buford really enjoyed
it
a lot of college football games going on
today we are Ohio State fans over here
oh my goodness if you watch college
football you know wow and then on later
tonight is the CU game that's where Mary
goes to school she goes to see you and
they're finally ranked and
this year because they've been terrible
for as long as I can remember Bass Pro
Shops free hair shopping because Mary
really wants to look at a four-wheel
vehicle okay an ATV there they are
Christmas presents in YouTube by the way
Jessica's here from Alaska for our
Thanksgiving adventures I don't know
does look fun this is a pretty cool one
to the green well we're in the back now
looking at some more oh he said this one
can go 60 miles an hour we're all done
we're all atvs Mary's trying to sell me
on one I don't know maybe Santa will be
nice we don't know yet like where are we
gonna put it where you can make a track
in our backyard there's so many options
so many trails to do there there's time
for some fun
holy here the first time through this
hub tears track was an open yen so I'd
check it out so this is the upstairs
course sure no this one is supposed to
be fun apparently this course is like
the speed course and the one downstairs
since like that agility and drifting but
you right know that tone now sauce
it could yeah I can't get my helmet on
thanks coach what I'm here for
here we are it's race time
I know I passed you you can get
take the corner yeah yes I got second
this is like my first top-five finish
ever on a go-kart Mary got 7th and
Jessica got 8 not bad though not bad
super fun I wish I could film more
during the race but then I might
probably wreck it's time to get some
coffee
from here but first this new store just
opened up and I have to show you the
name of it
donuts in noodles what a strange combo
they're Vietnamese so they make noodles
and they have Donuts I'm just saying I'm
late I'm reading the sign that wasn't
meant to be racist it's time for the
riddle of the week a man rode out of
town on Sunday he stayed a whole night
at a hotel and wrote back on Sunday how
is this possible got our coffees
okay see this is their Vietnamese so we
had to try
the Vietnamese Donuts I just got the
basic glazed will it take a look in our
bag I think she threw us some extra
doughnuts for fun so this is the bag we
got we just got it glazed donut
and then she is like here try this
pumpkin one in these two donut holes so
thank you you'd be doing the coffee
donut
good job guys doodles well that's it for
the vlog thanks for watching and we are
going live on live dot me in a couple
hours
do some fun challenges and then our $500
giveaway so I hope to see you guys there
should be fun but if you haven't
followed us on live dummy yet might as
well do it right now
in the description yeah that's about it
just want to say that all of you guys
Rock each and every one of you see ya
tomorrow
peace out
