well good morning everybody welcome back
to vlogs today you guys are going to be
insanely excited we have a special thing
you're working on today Andrew why don't
you tell them what's going on as you can
see we're addressing our flying suits
today because we're closing many
six-figure deals yes
Dale Richmond style Richmond lifestyle
part 2 is underway we could have to put
on our gel we use this yell to slicked
back our hair monkey brains and yeah
it's going to be a fun adventure today
we're going up to an airport we're
shooting in a jet we have a whole crew
so let's do this here we go flicking it
back I have my hair slicked back dig BH
at your service
alright just got in the car the ladies
are with us
I live in that car right there is the
crew are gonna be there directing we got
the Scimitar prefer assistance just all
across the board so we're heading up to
the airport right now we're just taking
a quick Walmart pitstop because we need
to get some final things for the shoot
this briefcase headsets of course this
is a funny babies it was like me yes
it's our briefcase
pull tires on how you're feeling Beckett
Janis where is the jet we are making
away for scene 1 at the jet it's outside
this is going to be so sick here's one
of the jets and here's the hangar this
is like insanely cool I've never been
this close to a jet folks to a jet I've
been on an airplane before at all
you excited in I'm excited yeah everyone
this is Ian he's going to be helping out
this project what're you doing right now
I'm setting up this gimbal so we're
gonna get some really nice like
slow-motion shots that are going to look
really smooth and yeah it's basically
like this electronic counterweight
system it's really cool sweet and yeah
we got okay so this is Mary guys ok this
is Britney hit Kyle are you excited dude
I'm so stoked that Gabe crazy excited
what is your role on this project Tyler
I am I'm directing this project we got
working for logistics now it's gonna be
great
yeah we've had to jump shoot jump
through some hurdles but we're making it
work he is going to be humming it was
involved
we're just waiting to open up this
hangar and then shoot right here with
this guy so we're in the jet we're going
to be shooting in got the feet getting
this setup going here this is looking
nice
okay we're shooting t1 but we are here
with Jessica who is going to be Janice
in the fifth row duck over there so this
is gonna be we are so excited and you'll
see she is literally the perfect Janice
I am perfect
okay so cool
this is your first time seeing it yet
now just uh just this fancy of one I've
been in old ones before yeah
old jets that looks like they probably
were fans in 60s you know yeah this is
very cool the first shot is just going
to be a wide shot of you and we're gonna
run through the whole thing okay okay
run through the whole thing and then at
the end what I want you guys to do is
this is you're going to go like and they
look back okay and action
Janice where have you been we've been
waiting here over 20 minutes okay let's
just try another one do it - just try it
differently whatever that means yeah
have you uh we're gonna have you sparkly
follow up with the action
there's the boys Mary and I have like
tried to scout out all of the warm
places
we're in hiding right now because I
don't know this garage is so big but
right here you can't really feel them
and especially wear these shoes which is
really stupid but it's okay but now it's
so cool they rented out this car here
guys I'm gonna be like Justin we weren't
out this car gotta go like this yeah
here honey you didn't go where it wanted
this off good definite people so we run
shouts car you know and it's a car that
we've rented so I don't know if you guys
can tell but it's like a black car it's
a black car and it's really cool and
it's convertible okay sorry doesn't I
love you largest everyone has ever liked
me
I know Wow check out the bathroom here
we got mouthwash hand sanitizer lotion
as well as a shoe polisher ah good work
where are you guys doctor material is
waiting at the Peace Lodge where are you
guys
dr. McAndrew is waiting at the peak
slash wear it I have seven finger here
with a Hong Kong associates we have
moved over to the office space shooting
the office scene here yeah it's really
cool we're at this apartment complex and
very nice
by the way guys
we rented a sweet car for the shoot
check out 10 10 10 ah check it Mustang
folks and convertible shake this is if
you hold them I'm not going to keep it
down it's really cold yeah actually
we're going to drive like that all
around town this freezing 30-degree
night we could okay but yeah we just
finished up the first day of shooting
and I was fun and we're we're not even
finished yet we have a lot more to do I
think we finished like maybe three pages
and it's like 10 pages long so yeah it's
gonna be awesome
also we were gonna rent like a
Lamborghini or a I ate BMW but it's the
company we were going to rent from the
first day of snow they send all their
cars to Arizona and it snowed last week
so all the cars are gone
we are incredibly starving we haven't
ate any food since breakfast so it's
time for dinner here at Park Meadows
mall yeah time for some Chipotle oh yeah
they're part about the same from you
I'll back home now it's like 7:30 p.m.
and we still a lot left
like we said to film we're going to
finish finish some clips tomorrow
morning with a car because we have to
return it tomorrow
get those done and then probably
sometime this week or next week or
something we'll finish up the video get
it edited and uploaded to j stu studios
sorry i'm out of breath because we ran
here man it's been a fun day now it's
just time to relax is i am tired
mmm well this is the end the vlog guys
thanks for watching like we said we will
be filming more of this soon so stay
tuned we've seen a few comments from you
guys saying you're excited that rich man
was one of your favorite videos and i
can tell you this one will be good any
other final thoughts well pick a
hairstyle you like maybe go for for a
while and then you can change it though
oops I back up quick comment of the day
this one made me laugh me walks through
Walmart hears laughing in the toilet
paper shelves finds grown men hiding
this shell ah yep that's us but we don't
care it's fun well that's it for the
video we'll see you tomorrow goodbye
you
