hey everybody welcome back to vlogs
today it's Black Friday I know what that
mean deals wait
forts yes Fords so we're here at Walmart
as promised
we mentioned to you guys in a few vlogs
ago that we were going to be doing some
Black Friday 4th it's like 9 p.m. here
and there are still people here so
that's a good sign for us so I guess
it's not technically Friday yet but
that's one of the feels happen many many
people already walking around yeah I
don't even know what deals are out
actually so enter line here 40 inch TV
you have to be in line
what hick so here's the deal looks like
a lot of people are over at electronics
for the Black Friday deals today and no
one's by the toilet paper so what you're
saying is we should build here yeah look
it's already looks like it's already
almost built plus three stories no
employees dude
we're scoping it out he would Harry we
should start at that I made the movies
not in the kitchen I'll back hook no
funny I did just want to update you guys
that I have had way too much turkey
today so I'm about to fall asleep yeah
just so you know can't fall asleep
brother pull the fort I'm trying my
hardest but turkey oh yeah wait embassy
who's that I don't know if I'm buddy
this one's broken
you scared her oh he's walking away this
might be perfect time to build this is
so open we have to build the walls first
member yeah no right here Oh expanded
absolutely okay one thing I've noticed
is this Walmart has redone their shelves
and these shelves are much better look
at this these perfectly fit up to the
top so you can't see us oh please
walking
I feel like so many people know we're
building forts right now they watch the
videos hey guys I just got a picture
with them in the fort see it so far so
good guys there are some employees
around but something really good dangers
right there outside just getting the
walls fortified I've got a whole wall
here
Oh actually down the employee I
basically built the outside of the Angel
Soft wall kind of working on this part
here because it's open oh there you go
yes and push it this way
yes sir up here or not now I can see
inside also move this for so you can't
see in the top which where's the
entrance you can scare me no it could be
any of these I guess it's not really
open in here I want to see welcome to
Narnia here I go check the door Wow
perfect so this side is like the main
area over there or we don't know yet
don't know yet but all I know is this is
quite comfy I head off jackets getting
spicy
we may have to do some we may have to do
some Black Friday deals shopping while
we're here right yeah no one should be
getting toilet paper
at least I don't think anybody would be
coming to Walmart 10 p.m. during Black
Friday to get toilet paper but what I
was thinking is we can make an entrance
the entrance is a tunnel through the
Kleenex section and then obviously we're
going to get some decorations as well
because this isn't cut it as long as we
don't get caught we are going to make
this a beautiful form wait oh sorry see
right there if we can move those Kleenex
boxes around that would be this sweetest
entrance you have to crawl in I'm just
clearing it out
yeah the first tunnel entrance
it's perfect dude the kid seus and it's
small enough to get
it's time to check out some deals this
is the movie line so cuz we got a blend
in
yeah we like deals to you oh come on
with the yellow tape gentlemen here we
are they got the video games movie
blu-rays any good deal we each found
some sweet deals I got all the Lord of
the Rings three film and three hobbits
would you get got this one and I can't
see that behind one that's for someone
it is oh okay
while we continue building for it we
just put the movies behind there so
we'll remember them after yes we have
gotten all of the interior design for
the fort now as time just set it up
rugs pillows and guys remember always
put stuff always put stuff back if
you're going to build forts because this
is obviously a mess for employees to
clean up and you don't want to do that
decorations are going up we have some
toys as well maybe scented candles what
your head you dork
pinecones okay they smell good it's just
whatever here
so I think we're we're moved in also
this pillow is one of my favorite
pillows because you can draw on it see
it goes from silver okay so you get rid
of all the silver and then you can draw
stuff on it like this see says hi and
then you can erase it
OOP dude looks so cool calm down you're
gonna destroy our board my bad I got
this pillow live laugh love yes okay
Andrew thought of a new funny idea for
you guys
what does it play text audio from our
phone people walk by for example this
one says hurry crazy Black Friday deals
on toilet paper guys oh wait so you
don't want to go to employee
and for you guys you wait for some bills
yes what
we built the fort you guys can't be back
here
oh well we'll put all our stuff back
then yes yeah we were just waiting out
the deals okay go I think we scared her
well we are being you know evicted from
our apartment did you pay the rent dude
no I make settle this stuff back we have
to give it back we didn't pay for
anything yeah she was just kind of
laughing she's like can you guys not do
that so like yeah
toilet paper section all back to normal
we did a good job successful pilot but
before I say we built it yeah
Oh got our movies too yeah sure all done
now William love Walmart yeah it's like
11 o'clock right now so we might go to
bed we were just talking about how we
wish the stores closed at like what
midnight and then like riyer no closed
earlier yeah this what they did a couple
years ago they closed down it like 6:00
and then get all the deals all set up
and then reopen it like 11:00 which
would have been perfect for fort yeah
but all the stores are pretty much open
I mean some stores are opening staying
open later but Oh still fun they all
open in like six and I was just sitting
down for dinner so yeah either way hope
you guys are happy with the fort
a lot of you guys will even comments
more forts more toilet paper sports
sports in specific but yeah anyways hope
you guys had a Happy Thanksgiving
in here in America and I hope you're
thankful if you're anywhere else well
and in America as well just be thankful
please be thankful and leave comments
down below what fortune wants you next
and we'll see you guys back here
tomorrow
quite see this what am i what am I
supposed to do
