well good morning everybody welcome back
to vlogs today is gonna be insanely fun
and why is that Andrew well recently we
did a bounce house on the lake and you
guys really liked it left some good
ideas so we're gonna take some of your
comments head back out to the lake
before it starts snowing and it freezes
over
yeah it's already cold out today but it
don't matter where we want to do this
and we want to like Andrew said do some
your comments you guys left a ton of
funny comments first what are we looking
for what was one of the comments yeah um
okay we don't know if this is going to
work yet but a trolling motor on the
back of the we can't decide where we're
going if that has one for his boat so
did you guys watch the first video when
we brought the bounce house out to the
lake it was the only thing that was
steering us was an umbrella in the wind
and we can only go one direction ah not
the band it was impossible to steer so
we thought and some of your guys
comments like try and bring a motor so
that's what we're going to try and do
today as one of the ideas at least so
andrew has spotted the motor per hour
how convenient your dad but your dad
that's this do you need assistance yeah
we moved over to Walmart now because
duct tape is what we need very strong
duct tape duct tape
so we're going to get some Gorilla Tape
a lot of you guys said in the comments
for this one - duct tape at the bottom
it's probably good idea cuz water was
seeping in last time which one should we
get we haven't done this maybe we can
catch some fish is it too cold ever to
hold yay why is he recording us
a pretty good quality camera on their
security system look at that high
quality camera please stop
why is he recording me so we kind of ran
into a problem I think Andrew can
explain it a little better
well the trolling motor that we found on
my dad's garage you have to hook it up
to the probe battery so the only way we
get it to work is bring a big old boat
battery onto the bounce house but you
don't want to do that yeah we so we're
here at Bass Pro Shops right now because
we want to see a bag like an electric
boat motor because that motor idea is
like hilarious but yeah I come on that
doesn't hook up to a boat battery I
don't know if I do we're going to be
here to check and make sure what the one
the Gigantor and Oh guys Santa's here we
could get in line but it's kind of long
right now what'd you find
levees big old boat buoys all have the
Jim that would help them float the
Jumbotron one who here's how these work
we're just learning about this for this
to go it needs to be connected to one of
these yeah but this will sink our boat
how heavy is that thing probably 50
I like 45 yeah maybe 30 pounds so these
are like a hundred bucks and then you
got to get one of these which is this
one's 500 some of them are cheaper like
200 like these ones are smaller like it
would be so funny to have this on the
lake then we could be able to steer
ourselves how can we make this work guys
here's a gas-powered
come on the heck knows this thing so
this will definitely wait down this is
what we need this like little tiny gas
motor but they don't have one of those
for sale this is just like an antique
garnet I want to make this work guys
no the other idea we were thinking about
is maybe getting one of those 12-volt
batteries and putting it in a separate
raft and then having the cords connect
doesn't sound right
but it could work of course we want to
be safe safety first but we have to
figure that out or we get an electric
powered like blower like leaf blower put
it in the water yeah we're trying to
think of all ideas this would be the
perfect motor yeah come on who's got
bigger on in the meantime while we try
and figure out this rafting situation
let's try and build some forts guys yeah
who's back here Wow
I didn't know there was a log down here
there's a lot of space back here right
yeah one thing we've been wanting to do
is do like a maybe a 24 hour video here
we can go in the tents and stuff yes I'd
be fun can we make it happen
see look at this tent
there are so many hiding spots
there are dang cool thing about Bass Pro
Shops is they already got beds made you
sleep over
check out the funk
oh we had this camping that'd be fun a
bunk bed and you figured out something
yeah this is how the water's getting in
guys they have like these little air
holes for no reason probably is a reason
but no leads no reason for us there's
four of them so this is perfect
gonna tape them up and make this raft
perfect
this tape is a-okay eh okay yeah it's
like not doing that bit of a job look
help its guerrilla tape and it comes off
kind of easy triple-layer it will go
around like a circle pattern we're gonna
decide to put the rest of them on once
this is blown up because it'll expand
and maybe it'll stick better also you
were saying oh hot glue gun I hacked
Britney has one at home if we just put
the hot glue right in this I don't know
I feel like it might stay and then put
tape on top of it but here's the deal
folks what it is a four o'clock right
now the Sun is going to be setting at
about 435
that gives us only thirty minutes of
sunlight and it's already freezing and
it still likes about a half hour away so
yeah there's no chance today and we have
no motor so you just basically got the
supplies and hopefully maybe you guys
can leave some comments down below of
ideas to make this motor at work or any
other ideas but we're going to make it
happen soon it's just we don't have time
today to make some time oh you just want
to take your time to make it good me
instead of trying to rush
thirty minutes of light left absolutely
also guys look what's happening soon
Richmond lifestyle part two and it is
about ten pages long we wrote it painter
and I we're going to be filming that
very soon it's going to be a completely
different type of video we've never
uploaded before another wondering why
you'd be scripting a prank yeah exactly
and you guys are going to find out very
soon it's a good I just I can't say
anything we can't give it away but just
stay tuned Pat again it's not fake is it
scripted it's going to be a scripted
prank but it's not a scripted prank it's
you see what I'm saying
yo you'll just have to understand later
we're at the Dollar Tree now yeah oh um
balloons are somewhere around here over
here why are they getting real because
you need balloons to do funny helium
voices yeah so take your flavors we have
a helium take at home so we want to do
some fun snapchats with helium Yakka
snapchat has some really funny looking
filters and just be real funny with
helium so you guys should follow us on
snapchat
- yeah here's our codes if we use names
yeah I'm just picking up some reading
glasses as well
yeah you look like you could be Skippy
Sun keep what so we're next in line guys
you propter uh come on they should not
be open thinks it give back Thanksgiving
every place should be closed for
Thanksgiving
yeah snapchats open why don't we you
figure out which filter you want to use
first let's see what funny filters they
have today hey let's go through the
process of making a funny snap so turn
it on and sometimes I got new ones like
right now this guy is I kind of
interesting and it's I love the ones
that have voice changer like this guy's
changer I don't think that one has a
voice changer but it could be funny yeah
it says voice changer on that one
maybe you swirl man more this guy is
always a punk what is this
that's donut boy this is donut boy yeah
what uh ah he doesn't what a friend
Wow we have facial hair oh my goodness
out are you gonna be posting these snaps
to your snap story for everyone to see
yeah okay well let's give everyone
behind the scenes of the story like that
can people like do stuff with that or no
I don't know if you can show yours too
okay so I don't know if you guys can
snapcode this but you can if you want
screenshot it or there's his username
guys it's me Andy yeah and there is mine
it's just Institute so yeah if you guys
want to follow us good yeah I did but
you messed up I wasn't trying to do it
like that though oh geez guys do you
know where the bathrooms at
huh yeah just got back from a long day
of hunting actually just got back from a
long day of hunting actually that's your
first one nice that the caption is going
to be when the voice like doesn't match
the face or whatever somehow did you
pick a filter you think yeah I'm trying
to come up with the scenario here okay I
am so excited we are having a big
skinning get-together I'm making peach
cobbler on my teeth christmas is almost
here by the way mom who ain't all the
rest of my cheese you know that's my
favorite snack come on mom this is ultra
behind-the-scenes of snapchat making
right when I was about glow bat it died
oh this we got to see it real life yeah
but I wanted to put that my story that
was the filter there was a deer Oh see
my phone's at 44% I just turned it back
on and probably gonna die again I need
to bring this in and get another one
because I'm a wide spying from no reason
where's Andrew by the way he's still
been in the garage
hey how the heck was that
see ya shoot me the arrow you freak look
at the sunset out tonight folks just
beautiful blue sky with a little orange
tinted glass beibei's guys a quick
update we will not be uploading tomorrow
Thursday because it's Thanksgiving so we
want you guys to just enjoy time with
your family hang out just like us that's
what we'll be doing so no vlog tomorrow
but like we said in yesterday's vlog
Black Friday Ford is coming so look
forward to that next upload it's gonna
be epic we have some koi ideas and we'll
see you then
good bye Happy Thanksgiving everybody
