hey everybody and welcome back to more J
still we hope you're doing well as you
guys know we have teamed up with
compassion international and today we're
bringing you guys a really encouraging
video yeah so a couple of months ago we
sat down with two guys who actually went
through the compassion program in their
inner city and they work at the
compassion headquarters there so we just
sat down and just kind of asked them
some questions to get some more insight
it was really touching for us so I know
you guys are gonna love it so check it
out hey guys so we are here with our
friends David and Gilbert both of them
are from different parts of the world
David's from Kenya and Gilbert is from
Uganda and we just wanted to have you
guys share with us how the compassion
program has affected your lives since
you joined the program at a young age
for me it's simple
I joined compassion when I was nine and
the period I joined compassion I had
walked for two years without shoes and
so during the confession program they
gave me new shoes and I remember I
almost went to bed with my new shoes so
that made such an impact because for
those two years when I walked barefooted
the active part was going to go and I
had to go to the restroom cuz restroom
in a public school in Kenya very dirty
they'll be urine all over the floor and
I had to have some plastic bags on my
feet so that you know step one day
you're barefooted so having compassion
in my life and giving issues man that
was a huge deal for me yeah and also
compassion gave me an opportunity to go
to high school and to go to college
which I could not have done without
compassion being born from the poorest
of the poor families I had no hope this
was the very first picture that was
taken of me so this was the very first
picture that was taken off of me to be
connected with compassion it was my
first time to get a friend so far away
and this friend lots of me letters
letter that made me believe in myself a
letter that transformed my life it's
this readout that made me believe in my
and excited to have a positive attitude
and got to know that I had a good future
because somebody believed in me because
of the love care and support from a
caring sponsor I go to to graduate from
colleges of Bachelor of Science in
information technology the youngest in
my family but the first one to graduate
from college simply because of the help
from compassion so another question for
you guys how does compassion work in
your countries so for me
compassion Watts with a local touch with
our charge so when I joined the
compassion program I went to my local
church and compassion used to bring fans
through the local touch and it's fun
because every Saturday we went there and
they will give us meal and this was like
the first time on half meet in every
week so I looked forward to going the
compassion program because of the food
that was getting and they are giving me
health care through the local church and
it's through the local church that my
school facades being paid was it the
same for you yeah my answer is also the
same as you well know compassion was
works with the local church
you may call this church best and so in
my case it was also best at the church
board well done by Church of Uganda and
I didn't even know that there was
compassion us a order you need knew was
that there was compassion as my church
that was connecting me to a sponsor and
caring for my needs providing for me a
meal you must know that sometimes was
hard to get a meal with those compassion
and so compassion give me a meal
compassion give me shoes compassion give
me a mattress and a bracket to sleep on
and my father had never known what a
mattress looked like or what a bracket
looks like but compassion through the
local church of Wamba Church of Uganda
provided me with a mattress to sleep on
and a blanket to cover myself with you
guys can clearly see how compassion
has been affecting these guys lives and
what are you guys doing now since you
were sponsored at such a young age
I mean we're with you right now you're
here in America like what's your role
here at compassion he had compassion and
work with the universities so many
relationships between compassion and
universities and Justin get his students
to sponsor compassion children and for
me is such a blessing because I get to
go to those colleges and share my story
like I believe someone shared their
story 18 years ago for me to be picked
so I'm just giving back what I received
so the project the compassion had this
my plan for tomorrow and through my plan
for tomorrow they bring in instructors
to help us get to know what you wanted
to be in future and I remember a time
when I was about to go to college they
call it call it high school vacation
they blow it in an IT instructor I had
no never known anything to do with
computer and I remember he asked us to
point on the computer there was a
monitor and the CPU and the whole class
pointed on a monitor the computer and so
he began to teach us what a computer is
and how how it worked and so I got
interested in computer and I was right
if I'm ever got to college I will have
to do something to do with computers
because I wanted to transform my
community so I went to college and did
Bachelor of Science in information
technology and I'm right here working
with the IT department has a database
administrator and I'm running as much as
I can to take back the knowledge of
computers to my community because so
many kids don't still don't know what a
computer looks like and my hope is that
when I go back to my community
I'll take a computer with me and show
the kids how computer works right
awesome why should the people watching
sponsor a child I think for me why they
should sponsor a child I'll give you
three reason so I should sponsor child
first is because when you love this
child they learn how to love others
today in Kenya have a ministry that
takes care of boys who don't have other
figures in their lives and I'm able to
provide love to these kids because
someone loved me and when you sacrifice
for this child they learn how to
sacrifice for others when you believe in
this child they start believing in
themselves my sponsored believing miss
so much that I stabbed in myself and
because of this I was able to graduate
with a degree in business leadership at
the top of my class so sponsor back
challenge you are not just changing
their family but you also change in
their community through them a child out
there just like I was just needs to know
that someone cares for him poverty had
taught me different kinds of rice you
won't amount to anything you can't make
it in life and because of a sponsor
through this letter I got to know that I
can be somebody in future so when you
sponsor child you you make this child
turn from hopelessness to hope and you
make this child get to know that he has
a future you you are like a living proof
that Jesus cares for this child and you
are telling this child I love you and
you know what God loves you more so
these children need to know that
somebody out there cares for them and
most importantly when you sponsor this
child you change their mindset you
change the lies that poverty has taught
this child the lies that you want you
won't make it in life because nobody in
your family has ever made it in life and
they are depressed with words of
encouragement words that you can make it
in life
watch like we believe in you so it's an
opportunity to really sponsor that this
child and it's a call from God to take
care of of the list of these and you'll
be answering the call from
goodbye taking care of this day I think
it's very encouraging and inspiring to
see how far these gentlemen have come
through the compassion program so it's
it's with people like you guys who are
watching that can have such a
significant impact I've ruined it I
walked in here and I'm like oh you're
the recording you know way back and I'm
like it's too late
we're just here a portion of their story
and just talking about how encouraging
it is to know like where they are now
and how far they've come because of
being a part of the compassion program
we want to make a big difference in this
world and I know you guys want to make a
big difference and we can do that by
coming together and getting kids
sponsored it's so easy and just creating
a relationship well some kids like David
and Gilbert out there thanks for sharing
your story guys yeah thank you
and that was just like a snippet because
we're only there for like maybe 20
minutes but I'm sure they could have
told stories for hours yeah you can
really see how compassion is really
impacting their lives in the best way
possible so we just want to encourage
you guys to click the link in the
description and check out the kids that
need sponsors like you guys but it
really does make a huge impact on their
lives so hey let us know if you sponsor
a kid in the comments or you can tweet
us yeah thanks so much for watching guys
we appreciate you see you tomorrow
good bye also this is Kevin
