what's up everybody welcome at the vlogs
we got back really late last night from
California was like 2:00 in the morning
so cold and tired but the day has just
begun and look who's here who are you
what's your name
oh hey how'd you get that Ali on your
face because I read to my house and the
waters helping me keep sipping it's
taking me all this I met this husband
and my husband this one's alive
apparently he like ran into a wall
blaming his friend today we are going
shopping we're looking for Christmas
presents and Christmas decorations so
the first stop is this craft fair
so many crafts
all done at the craft fair we got a
picture frame for a grandma Hobby Lobby
time last time I was at Hobby Lobby I
was getting the fall decorations for our
house but now it's time for some cool
Christmas ones
Halloween 90% off Tibet they don't have
much left Christmas decor 50% off Wow
what a tree but we got a few things
didn't we what they wanted you go home
now
Oh fine we're back home now and it's
time to take down these fall decorations
darn it I like fall but better
what's better than fall we already put
up a little bit we got this around the
railing wow that's what we're doing
we're getting out all of our Christmas
decorations from last year
we're in the shed so we got them all
down here so take a look this is what we
got today and then these boxes we're
going to open up later they're not
Christmas decorations but it's going to
be cool I'm pretty excited for this
holiday season because the last
Christmas we were just moving into this
house and it was like already almost a
second week at December when we just got
the keys so it seems like it was just a
little bit shorter we're just trying to
get all settled into the home and
everything but this year it is our home
and very excited for Christmas
goodbye little pumpkin
goodbye little scarecrow man on my
favorite parts of our decorations are
the trees just makes you feel like
you're in a forest it's the best but we
had to move them there are tall trees
not Christmas trees
it's about 6 o'clock we just finished
putting up all the Christmas decorations
yeah so I'll show you what they look
like
here's the downstairs we've got the Noel
oh and some CJ's Mile High crunch yeah
so as where we put our stockings but
yeah so that's down here don't have the
tree yet that goes up Thanksgiving
around then there's the entrance we got
the tree with the go Broncos bear with
some fake snow cool
we have Buford and then here's the like
garland this was so annoying to put up
but it is up I put up some extra
pictures there's this tree he's kind of
skinny but it it's pretty cool moves
there's another picture it won't focus
but it's got our wedding date in it
carved in a tree that's kind of cool and
then this picture and then this little
tree and that's it high five an hour
going over to Mary's parents house
because her brother had his birthday a
couple days ago but tonight's his
birthday dinner so let's go celebrate
the birthday happy birthday to you happy
birthday dear
and drew happy birthday to you Holy
Smoke yeah
jello our friends hey everybody so now
we're gonna open up those boxes that
were what's happening oh I haven't even
seen all these boxes you speak of yeah
there they are
Oh check that the smallest box first
what could do you freak
he looks so strange
what is it all right whoa can you think
this is a tripod this is a foldable
video kit man it's like a oh yeah that's
cool nice try pal this is Wow room
tripod box number two is under way this
is a bigger box what could this be
it's a monopod I believe whoa I've
always seen a lot of pictures like I
think bigdhaas uses earth injure hails
they use a lot of those for pranking so
this we should try it out definitely
will come in handy for pranks see I'm
already loving about this about
Manfrotto is that the quality like you
can already like tell like this this
stuff is like insane good because lord
knows we bought hundreds of products
that are not good quality and they break
inside hey miss it beautiful
this is a bigger box what could it be
first okay there's a lot of things in
here really start with number one gizmo
tripod we light whoa for camera what
this is as this is a luminal tripod hey
dude we gotta check this one out okay
first let's do it then isn't here it up
what and this is a tripod with a good
guess the superb pod this go I think
it's just that the head piece here this
is something so hot that's for like
bigger this is for like Rasmus cameras
yeah semi one - I'm so excited
Wow Wow Aaron's here hey
oh look this goes on this oh look at
this max doing this do just be feel this
quality pass this around and feel how
like height top quality is that curls
with this thing it's huge bringing heavy
duty that is right yeah heavy duty
doesn't that make you just want to go
film things and like this isn't made of
oh yeah these tripods are making you
want to be so creative like yes
seriously I want to cut make anymore
short films do
I thought have a short film idea last
night when I was trying to fall asleep
and it's real good spots to tell you
about it you are you gonna tell the
audience or just no just you this yet
this is a secret meeting
haha before you open it Andrew what do
you think's in here um probably is a new
style tripod that use battle try a new
style you've never seen before what I
chip chip sorry
okay there's already a tons of cool use
draws it will start with right so this
we have a professional lighting a
professional lighting device a spectra
to vectra to
Hey oh sorry what what is that it's a
backpack there's another one y-yeah all
right open your backpack
that's like Sketchup smaller backpack a
huge one this is like the this is like
the if you're going on a day trip and
that's like you Purdue Antarctica I'm
ready to go make up more films this is
already inspired as I can seen coffee to
med throat I can't PO and someone it's
like oh that's why Manfrotto you really
outdid yourselves this is insane ah
thank you guys so much for sending the
gear dude we should try these lights
okay we've been messing around with a
few of these lights for a few minutes
and these are like the coolest little
lights I've ever encountered so we've
opened this one first
Andrew show them in the power so this is
on low mode that's lowest setting
goodness now turn it up to blast mode
yeah I can see it cool so Andrew put it
on his vlog camera now here it'd be on
full blast
hey guys
Luz be cool is light look how powerful
it is has three different color filters
for your film or your photo shoots so
what would this be like is it like
different color temperatures see it's a
lot warmer right guys you looking really
warm
oh and then these two you can see the
tones okay and I open this guy check
this out for being a little light
oh very bright
this one also came with filters as you
can see has a little pouch with three
filters and this is the for anyone
interested luma muse 6 so the spectra 2
definitely already excited to use these
for nighttime adventures we're going to
leave links in the description for all
these products if you want to check them
out yeah so cool rock
so yeah Thank You Manfrotto for sending
us all these cool products you guys
really didn't have to do this but we
appreciate the support in our Channel
we will be using these for good time for
some games you should own this but no
this is the first time they're playing
this with friends
Tom do some way maybe you guys have
played this it's called draw full and
you play it with your phone okay Jack
well hey there so you go to your web
browser and then you type it you type in
your code and then I will show you you
get to draw your character so there's
Mary there's me there's Aaron I'm too
drunk I have to draw this guy's although
of games but Mary's mom found these
pop-tarts to try once root beer-flavored
and ones Orange Crush flavored so I
never seen these before here it is the
Orange Crush pop-tart what the take a
smell whoa it does smell like Orange
Crush
what are you reading 1 out of 10 about 3
and a half is just like a orange
this flavor Aaron want to try Orange
Crush pop-tart yeah
and root beer Besim had high
expectations for what yet labored pop
that would be good I think not for and
get whoa smell that what one orange
tastes like orange all right and goes
root beer tastes like chocolate not root
beer it smells like root beer I can't
like smell the root beer but I can't
really like taste it like tastes like
chocolate because like smelled root it's
that weird hope you enjoyed this quick
food review with Andrew here bye guys
bye well guys I think that's the end of
the vlog thanks watchin and tune in next
time for the next adventurous vlog we're
doing something really fun tomorrow
tomorrow is gonna be really fun
hope you guys excited adventures so
we'll see you back here next time peace
at peace what else oh um give them
something encouraging today from errand
today's encouragement is be nice all
right what's you guys next time
you
you
