Wow everybody welcome back to vlogs
daddy ah today is going to be a fun one
because if you go watching our channel
for a while we have enjoyed doing prank
calls so what are we doing exactly
it's prank calls but it's our own style
that we did we were kids we made a video
about this a while ago but we haven't
made it one since basically the premise
is we're going to voice record some sort
of prank caller phone and it will call
the number on the other phone and just
hit play and it'll be our voice of
talking but we don't know how the other
person is going to respond so it's gonna
be a who knows what's gonna happen game
yeah if you saw the last episode we'll
link it in the description below you can
check it out was so funny and a lot of
you guys really liked it and told you to
do again but it's been months
so we're sorry a back year yes so let's
get to it we found some funny articles
yes let's show them some you found okay
um this has looking for a roommate so I
mean that could be us hi this is Ethan
I'm calling about your ad on Craigslist
for a roommate you see what we did there
guys so Andrew recorded voice and paused
it
so yeah we're thinking the conversation
how we think of it play out in our heads
and then we'll record it all out on the
phone she's probably gonna say oh yeah
what's your name how can I tell me about
yourself and then Andrew has to try and
figure out what to say cuz and that's
when it gets funny because we have no
idea what they're going to say and
sometimes it makes no sense
oh this is going to be good andrew has
finished his we're going to see how this
works I'm calling on my phone that
dangers gonna play on his the answer hi
my name is Ethan and I was calling about
your ad on Craigslist for the roommate
and want to see if I was still available
yeah kind of fun I have someone that's
interested in it right now
oh I just wanted to call first to see if
we would be a good fit to be roommates
what sort of rules buzzes house have and
sorts a the house is mine the rules are
no drugs no no no crimes committed you
know you have to be an upstanding person
yeah that's awesome
I just wanted to let you know first
about a problem you may have with me I'm
hoping it's not a problem but I do
suffer from severe night terrors and by
night terrors I mean I get up in the
middle of the night go through the
kitchen looking for snacks just kind of
rummaging through the house like a
elephant do you think that would be a
problem they don't know for sure I mean
there are other people here I have
another roommate and my oldest son that
was here also I just wanted to clarify
that we would not be sharing the room
because it might be awkward in the
middle of night if I'm yelling out the
window barking at the moon from my night
terrors no it's a single room nobody
else is in that room
they just don't know how this would work
with everybody else I'm not sure great
one more question how strict are you
guys on the toilet flushing policy
because where I live now my mom doesn't
really care if I do or do not flush so I
want to know what your policy was on
that yeah your faucet
awesome I'm glad we're on the same page
for that 100 yeah and then on the ad it
says you are pet-friendly
I just wanted to see if you had any huh
you know concerns about certain pets
because I do have a lobster which would
be joining us for the room back venture
like that really cool well like I said
my name is Ethan and I guess I'll look
over this and let you know if I think
will be a good fit all right guys I
think she hung up so you can see how
funny this can get because we have no
idea what they're gonna say yeah you
flushed yeah you're flushing little high
terror she's like I don't know how it's
gonna work with everyone else she's
probably just trying to be nice like
saying like oh man it was funny I found
one here this guy is wanting a 5 or 6
gallon kasev can of gasoline I mean not
like the actual gas but just this thing
cancer so I got a record something I
think I have a funny idea yeah hi Mike
I see here on Craigslist you're looking
for a 5 or 6 gallon can for gas he's
gonna say yes I am do you have that oh
come on this happens we haven't filmed a
few of them but we have to keep calling
people because they none of them answer
dang it so a lot of time if I D keep
finding different ones yeah hi Mike
I see here on Craigslist you're looking
for a 5 or 6 gallon can for gas
I don't know I don't think I'm looking
for anything like that I'm looking for
that ah perfect yeah cos I actually have
a few of these up at my cabin in the
woods are you later anyone in particular
I'm not working for that sir perfect
yeah cos I have a few of these cans up
at the cabin like I said and we use
these kids actually for our waste we're
an eco-friendly can turn up the air and
we don't have toilets we just use these
kids so I just want you sick okay honey
but this is a different can this
person's not looking for the can one I
found earlier they're looking for it so
it's like doesn't make no nose and the
whole time she's like no I'm not looking
for a can can you hear me so can you
explain to me how this process works
I've never bought a phone off Craigslist
do we mean at the Verizon store and you
activate it from me or kind of
interesting ringtones must sec hi yeah I
was calling about your peak iPhone yeah
for sale on Craigslist
hi-yah I was calling about your feet
iPhone app for sale on Craigslist what
are you looking at I was mainly
interested in this ad because it says
it's unlocked
I'm not quite familiar with that term
does that mean that I do not have to use
my pass codes to get into the phone
because that's so annoying no unlock
meant you can use it for any carrier but
you don't have that done oh yeah you see
the problem is I have Verizon okay let
me see I don't believe I have any pink
iPhone for variety so can you explain to
me how this process works I've never
bought a phone off Craigslist do we meet
at the Verizon store and you activate it
for me or now I have I am actually a
dealer I I have a store locally here in
Belton so what you're saying is you will
mail me the phone once I complete this
survey I'm sorry I'm actually getting
very confused
do you mind texting me with the phone
just I can verify that it's working
properly the phones are not hooked up on
second thought do you mind if we change
our meeting time until 7:30 tonight as I
would work better for my schedule that
actually worked out for a most part it
did until he didn't want to meet this is
a elliptical machine like this isn't a
real bike just you guys know
yeah well um I just came across your
Craigslist ad my husband and I are very
interested in bike rides is your bike
still for sale yes good I'm happy like
my husband and I close to the ABS should
I give you his telephone number
oh okay yeah I see ya bye Journal says
it's a free motion it's like in perfect
condition and it's always kept inside
you guys ride your bikes inside is that
why the bikes are well maintained
because we will be taking this outside
we go on outside bike rides yes are you
maybe getting confused I'm sorry um this
bike is actually for my husband um he
got me a bike for Christmas and so I'm
looking to get him one so we get ride
together and I see your bike has a speed
their mother on it hi I'm going because
we just don't want any accidents and oh
yes okay it's an exercise bike
stationary buddy
it's a stationary bike it's pissed on
the floor
it's what people who have had surgery
and they need to get exercise denial
yeah that's what I was saying cuz I've
never heard of an indoor cycle bike
because we don't have enough room to
ride bikes around in our house actually
we right outside bikes
yeah um Laura I well I'll just come by
this evening if that's all right with
you try with my screen with telephone
number of the console number yes
bye-bye
yes part 2 coming soon feeling that word
yeah we're talking about two different
things so I think we add meeting this
lady I'm sorry about that yeah that's
what I was saying cuz I've never heard
of an indoor cycle bike because we don't
have enough room to ride bikes around in
our house actually all right well I'll
just come by this evening if that's all
right with you I'm free at 9:30 and I
can dig a test ride I'll bring my
husband we all bring my bike as well and
you can see if this will be a fit for us
yeah I don't think that's gonna work I'm
sorry
I'm telling us for the ad that misled
you thank you
okay okay Wow
ad that misled youth man it's fun
getting back into prank-calling we
haven't done it in so long and it's just
such a funny harmless way to laugh I
mean you're not wasting too much time of
people's day and sometimes they end up
getting a laugh out of it too did you
find another one eater yeah next up this
one I don't even know what this is quick
sidenote guys here's our ghost pepper
plant we've been growing it has how many
five five Reds and one green pepper hook
there's one oh my gosh what should we do
with all of them make a chili yeah that
might be way too hot I don't know or
sell on Craigslist I didn't know people
still did custom link homes it's fun
annoying boxing is know you have a
bracelet it says this is the last one
manufactured which I'm guessing means
it's quite rare that was the main reason
why I'm interested in these
middle box yeah take a look here yeah I
hear ya um to be honest with Christmas
coming up my cousin actually owns an
alpaca farm down in Texas and I was
thinking this would be a great gift to
you know man he can speed up his
whatever he does down there process oh
yeah that makes sense
also if my cousin ends up not wanting it
I was thinking this could make a great
modification to my son's go-kart to make
it go faster well I do appreciate it and
I look forward to doing business and
yeah make sure help I have a good net
okay this ended so abruptly yeah I kind
of laughed when he was doing and
recording too talking about how packages
look he's oh he's like he's like dang it
I just lost some business yeah I'm
calling about your Charizard hat for
pokeyman you're calling about the what
is this the third-generation Charizard
pack from the Emerald Edition I'm
collectors I don't I don't understand
what you're asking about
it says I'm here in the ad that it comes
with a free sleepover uh what does that
mean exactly
oh if you guys caught that the random
fart in there might well that's it for
the prank calls today guys hope that was
fun a little different than what we
usually do but I thought it was great
it was funny I love wrinkled Andrew the
special announcement
Divac the trailer for our short film is
finished and we want to upload it ASAP
it's so good so what were they got to do
you guys have to get this video to 7,000
likes and we'll upload the trailer
immediately as soon as it hits it you
guys it's going to be awesome so leave a
like and we'll see you next time goodbye
you
