hey guys welcome back to vlogs yeah hope
you're doing well
we have a fun idea for today's vlog I
can't wait to do this I know we've been
waiting to do something of the source
for a while do you guys remember this by
any chance if so Wow good memory but
this is a Aaron's ship he made during
the belly-flop competition vlog yeah and
it floated this thing floated so we
wanted to bring it out to a lake and try
it out it'll fit both of us right yeah
I'm nice yeah not only that but what
else a bounce castle our previous bounce
castle actually broke so we have to get
another one but we said we wanted to try
on a lake so that's what we're gonna do
day it's gonna be a fun one guys the
weather is very nice out today we don't
want to get a sunburn
so umbrella will be needed yeah so we
have one or did we have two core is just
gonna use one last time we remembered
how bad of an idea that was there goes
Justin before we can start the voting
adventure he has to go to the dentist so
it's just a checkup should only be like
20 minutes or whatever but after the
dentist we will start the rafting
adventure
zero cavities Wow thank you everyone
okay off to wait Walmart
yeah we gotta get a new bounce house
okay Walmart you better have it yes yes
yes here it is and they've got play
balls all right
so Andrews car the plug in there can't
um haven't doesn't have enough power to
blow this up I don't know why it's
really annoying so okay though we're
here at the local park right it's right
by the lake we're gonna blow it up
because they have some outlets it's
working
yay we're doing it again we have the
driver on the road with this on top of
it cuz we can't put it in the car won't
bit that's funny
here we are it's the lake now we have to
both these parts up yeah and the inside
let's just take a few minutes so oh also
we brought some snacks - so we got some
drinks from Walmart and this was from a
fan mail so thank you so much perfect
for Lake yeah
we are inflated yes we got the umbrella
which we'll put in here but we don't
want to try this yet first the Arnold
boat the a move can we take our shoes
off yeah probably okay even though the
water is freezing but that's alright I
wanna get my shoes wet well it's time
for the Arnold mobile this thing better
not sink it didn't when Aaron did it but
it's been months in that since that's
happened yes okay so
this is gonna be so cold ah oh my very
be angry at you why me huh
oh the patter okay I don't know if I can
sit though this is good
yeah you have to sit that's the law no
standing up in boats okay okay I'm ready
wait you hold the camera okay that's a
little push just no no okay you I'm
trying to sit down I do
not one of them all okay look we're fine
for now okay because if I fall it's
gonna be so hard to keep this camera
held above water it's working though yay
yes I was pretty fun out here you guys
I'm so glad today's like sunny out blue
skies supposed to snow on Thursday maybe
the sun's about to go down people
driving in are probably thinking we're
maniacs oh yeah there was a guy who
stopped buying a motorcycle who was very
impressed with our work he's wondering
what we're doing out here with the clock
bounce house like I had never seen that
before so
I'm glad this works but now back to
shore for bounce house yeah we
definitely should have bought another
paddle cuz this is very inconvenient yes
we made it yes we're on solid ground now
Oh bye
hey you're floating away hey hey hey
that does look like a pretty strange
boat can't forget got to bring the phone
and the drinks snacks and drinks of
course
do we have a problem oh it's just no way
if we have a little sale we can go so
fast yes umbrellas a sale yes that's
such a smart idea okay we have to
quickly get alot of this while I get it
ready I'm holding it how's it looking
oh yes it's good I think so there you go
no leaks ships a Hawaii hold on
it is kind of drifting what's that sound
I heard errors Hey
we're sinking Oh Zac how are we taking
in water is that or is that from awesome
whereÂ´s is what we're coming from it
must be from us we solve it dilemma okay
just let's just see if we start taking
in more water long let's really get too
far away I think we'll be okay you
promise
I don't know release the sails I don't
want to sink I'm a sales man I can stand
up alright guys see there's definitely
water that's just uh-oh
it doesn't seem to be a problem that
there's water in here and we're floating
downstream fast are you getting the sail
ready I'm returning the sail oh gosh we
are actually going fairly fast folks
where are geez we're making our way
north but sweat towards the enemies base
this is awesome it's a cool 40 Cal this
is a giant umbrella okay where is the
wind coming from the sails work we
wouldn't wind like to catch it yeah so
Mike over there yeah it pulls us if we
hold it right here
Oh
and then if enemy airstrike comes in
like arrows from the old days
that's why it's a castle whoa this is so
cool in here literally what's it for if
it was like insane hot outside this
would be so refreshing well I can feel
it pulling it we're getting close to
land dude we're going really fast okay
we better oh geez we're gonna burn we
need to turn around how do you turn
around with a sailboat I don't know
we're gonna ride hit this hurry pedal
these sticks are coming ah hold this
okay get away from us you're stitch it's
hard to keep balancing this thing but
yeah we're in the swamps of Moria now oh
no stick stick equals pop now we're
under one I think we're making room if
we can solve the problem of not getting
water in here that would be great
cuz look at this we have the worst
motorized system known to man yeah we're
pretty much not going anywhere
it's actually very very windy out you
can't tell because Andres camera has a
muff on it so it blocks out the wind we
need to get back to land because I want
these snacks where are we we're in
sludge Ville now great we have to get
out we have no choice dude I can't
paddle us out the wind is too strong
there's no way we can get out here dude
we have to how else are we gonna get out
of here that's not good
okay let me see how deep it is with the
paddle plus the water keeps filling
okay it's not that deep there goes our
sale we have made the decision to
abandon ship I take the first steps out
okay is it sinking sludge no it's pretty
solid sludge you're ruining the castle
dude this is weird
you need to examine the lands and make
sure it's okay for me to come out too
well there's probably tons of weird bugs
in here I'm not impressed
whoa easy sticks okay we got to carry
the castle out did you just look at my
feet now I got sludge toes I don't know
where we are day two out of no-man's
land
related on an unknown island how we have
its beef jerky and drinks
well we better fuel up okay this is the
strangest land I've ever been in yeah
plus we didn't bring any jackets we got
to start building a fire we need weapons
too because there's animals out here oh
you sure yes there's no signs of
civilization anywhere
I'm scared Harry we might freeze to
death out here we gotta find some wood
and fire then
oh yeah I got a stick that progress we
need to carry our raft to safety yeah
this is our only home it starts getting
windy we can flip it upside down and go
under it yeah but we don't want to be by
the water at night it'll be cold bugs
come out water
the high tide might come in and blow us
away them alligators don't even speak of
it
Thanks Wow you okay good you made it
back to the car somehow my feet hurt
very bad and the wind stopped literally
you're right it did look you can see the
waters really calm in your hair it's not
blowing at all man you're talking about
how we need to do some modifications to
the jump castle to make it more
waterproof and maybe invest in another
paddle yeah then we can go way out there
leave some comments of what you guys
want us to do like modification wise
what can we do to make it so the water
doesn't come in should we add anything
to it should we go to a different bigger
lake yeah all comments are appreciated
also look my feet are red they're so
cold they like it feel them well guys
that's the end of the vlog this is a fun
one we are back being warm but we guess
what we're doing something special this
Friday what oh you know oh yeah I forgot
but shoot it's gonna be fun a fun vlog
so make sure you're back here tomorrow
and Friday because Friday is definitely
gonna be a different type of vlog
definitely but anyways thanks for
watching I hope you enjoyed it see you
next time
that's a comment there's also one right
there you missed it though Oh see you
guys tomorrow
Oh
