well good morning everybody welcome back
to vlogs where are we Andrew oh we are
this is like our third time trying to go
explore graffiti Paul's I think today is
the day yes you look sport because up
there is where the constructions been
and the roads finally done cars were
driving around so that means it should
be open and this place if you haven't
been here writing with the save all the
Falls okay but this place is actually
called I looked online it's called a
Rainbow Falls but everybody calls it
graffiti Falls because there's just a
ton of graffiti so you'll see that here
shortly
almost there we finally made it this is
where we always got stopped at this
bridge that they were thinking yeah so a
while ago we had like what was it like a
flooding the bridge broke and they had
to fix this whole thing and I actually
got my senior pictures done here so it's
kind of fun being back here so now you
now you can see why it's called graffiti
Falls and then there's a waterfall over
there we can go explore but yeah let's
go climb
you know what this place needs a rope
swing literally imagine that if someone
hung a rope right here people could
swing across this
oh man that needs to be done soon
so cool let's go explore over here guys
got to see the waterfall oh it looks
like we may have to cross right there
and go how you going to get up here I
really should have worn different shoes
I didn't know we were going to come here
today but they have no grip so like
walking up this I'm like sliding around
let's show you and I don't want to fall
but I want to get over there
Anders getting some cool shots with the
camera you made it yes
watch your step it's slippery okay and
it gets very high up
always be safe
okay we have found a secret hatch that
leads to the other side of the waterfall
we're behind the pillars over here
it's kind of a small entity but we walk
over here
you might get a nice gun to the
waterfall he's got to be careful
interesting yeah we did it didn't cross
the beam because that may be very unsafe
yes wonderful right here
reward
that's cool
and I are now taking pictures for
Instagram trying to figure out the
settings and everything since it's a new
camera we are usually used to shooting
our pictures on a
so Sony's a lot different I'm climbing
up the wall
you go by the road here
check it this is where the waterfall
starts so cool
it's a beautiful day out as well I'm
surprised it hasn't started snowing yet
here in Colorado
usually it's already been snowing a ton
but
this year's a lot different so I just
hopped across this river there's
literally like a cave in there I want to
go explore it so bad but this water is
freezing and it's super deep right there
there's like I said I've been here
before
I remember going in that cave but it is
boys and cold
right in there a lot of the graffiti
here is pretty bad but there are some
good stuff you are loved it'd be so fun
to go explore that cave behind the
waterfall maybe we should bring a little
raft and we can raft over there and then
get out of the cave but also I was
looking at these so I was like who
bolted a bunch of rocks to the bridge
and then I think these are like hand
holds for rock climbing
whoa that would be scary I think we're
going to try and go to the other side
because there's some stuff over here too
I don't know it's pretty cool just
across the river Justin went up this way
where could he be
plasma slug okay
a mythical creature
do you think dalam is running around up
here
yeah he's behind the waterfall you came
Oh duh I think he goes climbing up here
sometimes too
do any of you guys know if doing
graffiti here is illegal yeah just it
should they should just let people do it
because it's really fun yeah here
because there's no signs that say you
can but graffiti in general is illegal
I'm guessing it is because we almost
brought some cans but they're like maybe
it's illegal I don't know but we didn't
bring it don't fall in now
well if he can do it I can do it I just
had to believe in myself and I can cross
the river well was it worth the wait
guys I said that they need a rope swing
Manny wood oh yeah that would be sick
but the water is really not that deep
but anyways
I forgot I was going to say so on the
way out I found this sign that says
security cameras in use and if you do
graffiti or van or vandalism you can get
arrested and a $300 fine so good choice
not doing that yeah good thing we didn't
bring our spray cans next up in today's
adventure are we going to yerba hotties
yeah oh right
this is manna to me we've logged a
little bit here last time but yeah this
is it here Bamonte a
what's the smell like in here delicious
gaseous translated as delicious grass
here yeah
Wow
I can't wait to have my yerba Masha
we both got mocha mint Mantes which are
very good this is insane
so after the neighborhood stopping by by
the way you should you guys should
totally try Ma Tei it's so different so
good yeah it's good we oh it's good and
it's good for you hmm who wants this
shirt I proved today me you guys oh this
shirt is really funny vegan one who only
shoots organic food but what these are
kind of rich man glasses I feel like
yeah kind of well
6:14 closing tonight so we saw this sign
theos toys it's that way oh man I bet we
could find like a challenge idea in here
or something oh whoa whoa yes in her
pants Oh family stickers yay
seeing all these food shops is really
making me hungry
a burger ah that's that's the church
dude what No we've made it to the duck
shop
I'm so happy to have a duck shop I mean
any different ducks meaning mini ducks
which one do you want we have all hands
oh man I just can't decide not to shop
people just love dumb okay here's the
big duck spa yeah who wants to go into
comics and collectibles there's gonna be
some rare stuff in here just you promise
check it out guys these are very unique
characters you can bring your friends
play like battle hey Kyle I'm it's kind
of fun you just gotta reserve it
this is about half a man here's a rare
its ala graft and it's about 75 bucks
cool
they have a comic over there that's even
more rare how much hundred twenty
dollars
Wow like the first appearance of Cyclops
if you want to buy now I think I'm gonna
hold off on my head family today but I
make it like a little trooper thing
you're gonna reserve the table like
bring friends the pullback yeah I can
get this and say yes new character back
off
mmm alienation okay
well that's some pretty old toys and
comics
it's always fun going to comic book
stores now this sounds fun
black pepper
let's try about you know that's all my
flavors are you joking me
kangaroo rabbit what turn what python
python turtle now give me the fish shark
short fish d dark walls very we found
these stairs but you could definitely
climb onto the roof here if you wanted
but I want to but plus it says no
trespassing kind of like I did that we
really just like walking around and
exploring because you never know what
you're going to find but what we really
want to find is another cool cave we
don't know where that would be though
definitely not the city here but you
know yeah who knows maybe there's a cave
nearby stop the chick play real quick
for our beverage well but the free
chick-fil-a cardigan oh yeah
I really just want a chick-fil-a sauce
yeah so we pulled up so he said can just
get a chick-fil-a sauce he's gonna have
it with lunch and the guy gave us an
entire bag full
chick-fil-a sauce he's like you guys
have an awesome YouTube channel here's a
bag full
what all right well I will take it so on
the way back home we were driving and
there was this bridge I looked over and
I thought for sure I saw a rope swing so
we turned around and we're gonna go
check it out
there better be rope swing I'm almost
positive I didn't get a good good
glimpse but there was something
something Dingling
gonna be right in here so we're right
here it might have been that bridge here
it is it's attached to a wire up there
so I don't know how sturdy this thing is
but when you at least try it out right
whoa well it's sturdy enough
gotcha has it be hard to do one-handed
that fun so fun I can't believe you
found this
I know that was the highway it's really
bright but we were driving over that
bridge yeah don't move her drive to
another bridge that way and I looked
over here and I thought I saw something
dangling I've been yeah Brit for one of
these yeah Jeff and go
Oh
who's hungry
me Mary I'm glad we found Rob's ring
time to go back home now though it's
almost sunset we are here today with
Andrew Tyler and Jeremy you guys haven't
met Jeremy yet but hey Jeremy
hi what are we doing today by the way
we're filming a scene that Tyler wrote
for everyone today to be Great Scott off
we're gonna get murdered you know yeah I
don't know why we're out in the middle
of nowhere and I have duct tape
we've just been we're all into the
acting and film and so we're what's the
best we could put this what we're doing
we're just gonna go out and make content
you know challenge ourselves is actors
filmmakers screw around you know
brilliant here's the camera we're using
Tyler's black magic this is actually the
camera if you guys have been watching
for a bit Rasmus came out he shot with a
black magic very good camera yea mini
version with externals talk of the
button that's cool but detective hey
check check it out Hey so is it filming
yes it's filmy it's filling the dirt
right now as we speak so pull up in this
spot and then um just pull up stop wait
for a second and then you guys both get
out at the same time take one backup
your boy am i see that one maybe wife
Andrew you are always doing this kind of
stuff
you think I broke down on purpose we
didn't break down you ran out of gas
it's the same thing how you realize we
have 15 minutes to be in Amber's house
we'll just call them alumno relate
there's no service out here did you just
walk I leave this city here it's not
that far
it's seven miles if you just hitchhike
with whom this person oh that was so
good too man
not that you stopped in the car so good
Jeremy is rocking the BTS right now yeah
we are look at that 70 nice okay yeah
we're good okay and action are you gonna
get in the car no and action set missile
better watch it
okay ready here we give me setting
schedule you know it's just weird
this is why it says that what I said
sounded cop tells me I'm weird yeah guys
will tell you about that in a minute
sure you're weird okay ready
we all finished now back at Tyler's
apartment and you have to tell them what
just happened while we were filming so
sheriff pulled up and you know when
you're filming you think there's gonna
tell you to stop well she asked us for
filming people's houses we said no Ron
public street and then instead of
telling us that it was illegal whether
we had to stop she just said we said
he's like is it okay
he said yeah it's just it's just weird
she's told he said that twice he told us
we would think she didn't send me to
stop where that was illegal or anything
she just said we're weird like I look
dead hand
yeah and the thing is like he wants to
stop like what do you want from us it
was just now was weird then like she
kind of pulled off I don't know what to
do with that accelerate and then we just
film but she didn't come back and that
was it like because those a funny story
to tell you guys like oh I don't know
why she thought it was weird but anyways
we're all done the film should be out
sometime soon but I'm just glad we're
out practicing acting get stuff done and
snica happen man I'm with Brittany now
and we got hungry so we were desperate
for burgers this looks super good
not bad barbecue tar tatertot not sure
why we're so red your camera's broken
dude I don't know we're not this red
guys it's just the lighting here but
thanks for watching today's vlog that's
the end but before you go we just did a
broadcast on live dot me what we did be
boozled pie face challenges so if you're
on there you watch it but if not you
should download the app in the
description yeah Louis just click the
link it'll send you right to the App
Store and you can download it and we're
doing a giveaway 500 giveaway so come
join the 28th yeah so you got about two
weeks there's like twelve ways to do the
giveaway to win it's just really fun
yeah so follow us on live dot me and
we'll see you guys back here tomorrow
thanks for these comments by the way
bite after the bathroom
you
