this is the moment of truth Elbert is
gonna jump into the pit good morning
everybody
hey guys it's a vlog we're back and one
of her favorite stores recently has been
Walmart because I got tons of fun toys
and experiments so we found something
that we want to get we'll show you when
we get inside yeah if they have it yeah
this is the main reason why we come to
Walmart toy section are you guys ready
to see zonk's would you check it out I'm
so excited for this I literally have
never owned a trampoline in my entire
life tell us what's different about this
one as for kitties so kid-friendly sea
ages 3 to 10 this is how big is this
though it's seven and a half feet wait
yeah something like that
but both indoor and outdoor sea dad is
watching this kids have tons of fun in
the living room and a lot of you guys
may have seen either the funk Bros or
jugs quads trampoline videos we have
enjoyed those and we got inspired to
make just a goofy video for you guys so
this is the mini trampoline that hasn't
been done they do the big family we
wanted to do mini kids free I don't know
how I'm gonna carry this this thing is
heavy you have to do this it gives you
instructions scheme lift for your safety
oh sorry so we wanted to buy a lot of
these guys but this is the only one they
have yeah yeah
we need tons of those that fill out the
trampoline yeah it shouldn't be that
hard to kid one yeah so we want to live
to make anymore
we're gonna go check another store see
they have some rat the next Walmart now
and oh my goodness
da-da-da-da-da-da-da I thought we're
gonna have to go to so many different
stores
I'm so excited let's just annoying the
other store only had one this one is
literally like packs on packs they must
be really popular at this location poor
not popular what yeah I'll make sure we
get guys guys how many well each of
these has a 100 we already have one so
she's so that's 400 here's 500 balls
well on our way out we found more my
goodness why do they have so many all
the sudden I don't know well if we need
more we're gonna come back here if this
does well and you guys enjoy it we can
do I don't know Oh how many would that
even be yeah
is there a Christmas music playing where
you guys live already because here they
started playing it way early this year
seemed like I immediately after
Halloween night yeah Christmas house
that the day after November first
Christmas we should play it
Wow I don't want it to get old I love
Christmas music yeah the whole month of
December is for Christmas we just got
back to Andrew's house now getting ready
to set up the trampoline andrew is down
there looking good what are some of the
ideas we have thus far over here okay
around here and then climbing on the
shed and just jumping into it now since
this is a kid trampoline it should be
not a problem yeah I don't know if we
can really jump from the deck if I just
shatter yeah well I thought might hurt
this trip seems like a kid's trip away
my so I'm saying it's not like one of
those full-size trampolines where people
jump off their houses so this is the
house we're jumping up and we'll figure
out where we else we can set it up later
but let's just get it set up first see
what alright let's get going
and here's the frame um think that part
goes on the ground you're right what are
you doing now Andrew looking good
do you help maybe
every one after hours of work we have
finally completed the mini trampoline
yes Andrew
get in it with your shoes off shoes low
shoes allowed we got to get a first test
bouncing does it just fall apart yeah
we'd be so upset it just blows up it
said the max weight limit 100 doing it
guys the fun yeah it's so fun all right
it's just really really fun like way
better than bigger trampoline yeah I
don't know who would buy a regular-sized
trampoline when you get out for this
everyone can have their own their own
personal jumper in the backyard yay yeah
awesome I can't wait to fill this up
with the play balls man I feel like such
a big kid I'm taller than the Maggie
dude you're a giant
you're trying a front-flip she says nice
okay it's time to move this into
position over the lair this just looks
like so much fun
yep oh my gosh I'm so stoked here oh
great he's so weird
how's it look up there very high
you're like a silhouette it's cool I
mean injury meaning injury we're talking
if we don't want to break our backs we
fall the neither all the springs just
explode and we fall on the ground or we
yeah Plus this isn't very high clearance
so if you jump from higher up you're
gonna hit the ground no matter what so
this is about as high as we can jump
from safety first kids okay
plus the play balls will really break
our fall right yeah but I assume save
kids okay I don't recommend doing this
but we're professionals okay Leave It to
Beaver right yeah got it zip it up make
sure no balls is Katun okay are you
ready I am ready
I'm opening the first pack
oh great we need scissors and all these
right here we go first bag I am on the
roof now time to dump all the play pit
balls in there from here while Andrews
in there yeah this is a cool shot of you
are you ready yes this is really comfy
by the way all the balls are almost in
there but soon we're gonna jump off this
roof onto there got to get down then get
the rest of the ball in the trampoline
yes first time being in the pit
oh he's quite cozy you know I haven't
played in ball pit balls like this since
I was a little kid so this is bringing
back some serious memories the play
places at McDonald's or is this the last
bag coming in nope
no okay
it's getting pretty filled up folks this
is awesome
this would be literally like a little
kids heaven more monkeying around it's
time to be serious this is a thousand
balls by the way no I wish you'd fill up
the whole way if that's a thousand we
would need about 10,000 balls to fill up
the hole probably would be so funny
though so we have ten bags but this is
the moment of truth
Elbert is going to jump into the pit
you
three two one
sandwiches
no penis
alright I'm filming okay here we go
squirrels look so funny
we're doing to people on the baby tent
there baby tripleb
wall it may break get this out of my
hood please cow they're all on your side
who left the door open
oops sorry number one wolf I trampolines
close the door balls on kid out dumb
dude Isaac who's gonna love this I know
maybe even air it would love this
probably Aaron more than Isaac yeah
okay I'm motivated to do a front-flip
for you guys first-ever ball pit mini
Triple E ready
oh yeah
we're back inside now it is time for a
quick lunch break outside Andrew we need
like a giant warehouse on our properties
for all of the toys we have trampolines
bubble balls hoverboards nerf guns
Brittany and I are getting a house
probably in the new year so maybe one
day down the road that would be possible
well everybody that's the end of the
video I was trying to do this alright
you can go ahead and finish it not we
were thinking if you get this vlog to
20,000 likes then one of your comets is
going to say what to do with the mini
trampoline and then we'll do it yeah
we'll do a few actually so leave your
comments down below hit the like and
also time for a comment of the day we
told you guys last time to leave a funny
comment forest and we like this one
I saw a purple flying cow and named it
Philip that man decide who random you
guys are funny thanks for the comments
hope you liked today's episode and we'll
see you back here tomorrow bye
you
