good morning everybody welcome back to
blogs currently we are up here in Park
Meadows mall and I think they just
opened literally no one is here hey guys
so yeah check it out
it is empty every time we come here it's
busy as all get-out but we're up here at
the mall because there's this new shop
that is having a grand opening today and
we love their company it's like a local
Christian apparel company it's called in
him and they're all having a grand
opening today so we wanted to check it
out see what's going on there I'd also
like to point out how awesome this mall
is look at their food options mad green
the Meltz which is like a grilled cheese
sandwich place in Tripoli we get this
smoothie place opening up
they have chick-fil-a hand Express and
then they got this cool giant fireplace
it's cold outside just a chill zone
there it is we have like two minutes so
they opened they got people out
yeah
just a big wall of great quotes from
great people
I think I'm gonna get this shirt so good
and then on the back they have Psalm
16:8 it is time for the audition they
didn't provide any lines so I'm not sure
what's gonna happen or what they're
gonna do so guess we'll find out well
never mind I don't know why but they
said you had to be 25 in order to do
this audition it's for a adult beverage
company so he walked in he's like are
you twenty five of age I'm like no like
I'm sorry you can't do this well why
didn't anybody tell me this
cuz this place is like an hour away from
so if I drove up here just for this that
wouldn't be too good an hour of driving
or two hours of driving and they didn't
tell me I mean they should know I'm not
25 just never mind time for food moving
on it is time for lunch
life kitchen
let me I was arrived got a buffalo
chicken wrap some potato hash what did
you get Andrew looks so good we've been
here for like 25 minutes and Andrew
stubs but I think this is really cool a
side note we got all this is real life
all this come on it's arrived it's here
and it's warm
is it good it is a new day a new clip we
didn't get enough footage so we're
continuing the vlog right now I'm with
Brittany Brittany and I today are going
on a Instagram mission we're gonna be
taking some pics finding some cool
locations we're just in the photo taking
mood but first we want a smoothie so
let's go our favorite juice bar hola
nice boost to start the day I forgot
what this one is it tastes good what do
you get huge which is peanut butter I'm
making Brandon this like chocolate
peanut butter vegan cake for his
birthday
oh yeah have you birthday Brandon here
we are at the first location what look
are we going for today Britney trying to
step up my Instagram game because
handsome he looks right now so she helps
honestly but yeah like said my Instagram
I never had a have had a theme I wanted
to look more like sleek yeah this look
what I have like any experience my I've
been trying no you're good so yeah where
are we gonna go first
honestly I love kind of like taking the
simple things like this but I like take
you just brain him slip like this and
making it really sick so found this a
little got really good colors she's
got a cool like vintage look to it
getting shots for Britney now she's
changed into a green outfit yeah she's I
thought we were just shooting at this
green building Britney has on her
profile she does like a theme at miss
beauty mark she does like colors so like
a bunch of pictures will be red and then
the next set of pictures like yellow so
she goes through all the colors it's
really cool next spot simple I wall
retro-looking design here
and changed into a different outfit now
the dark vest with the light shirt
they've moved over to Royal coffee this
is the perfect hipster place
like some coffee something weird just
happened out there but I'll tell you
guys outside it's kind of loud here what
did we get this show actually it's not
kombucha what is it
it's tonic water oh really yeah cuz we
sampled both this is like rose petal
tonic it's actually pretty interestingly
good just got some more pics too
it's just a cool environment to be in
whoa coffee you never let us down okay
so in that in one of those previous
shots where we're at the pink walls
taking a picture of Britney it got a
little weird because we're we're just
obviously taking the pictures in there
minding our business and it's kind of
like away from traffic away from people
it's and that's at like parking lot
that's empty behind buildings and this
car that's like blue like Cadillac
looking car just pulls up in a distance
and stops there I can see there's two
guys in there and it started getting
really creepy like they were just
sitting there and they pulled up a
little bit and I was like Britney we
should probably get out of here because
downtown Colorado Springs there are some
interesting people here so I didn't film
any of it obviously but we I'm glad we
got out of there because then we left we
came down the street parked here went to
the coffee shop and I saw their car
drive by I'm like what I really just
want to know what they're doing
it's kind of like why you just pulling
up and looking at us I'm just glad we
got out of there everything's safe we're
okay but check out how cool this wall is
seriously this is like perfect
and you got the Hat the jacket we but
don't worry guys we still have the nerf
guns herb not nerf guns airsoft guns we
used from the short film any bad guys
come on Billy back off moved over to
Whole Foods because Britney needs to get
some ingredients for dessert her brother
tonight some chocolate chip
lunch is about ready we got some chicken
nuggets oh yeah you're gonna old school
for lunch and these smell really good
guys can we try what does chocolate
mania its I want to join this we're
chicken nuggets and literally remind me
of like high school like high school
lunches well good it's so simple right
Daisy
she's my chicken negative nine years in
here's the almost final product I told
her it looks like a giant cooking here
here time for dessert happy birthday I
love it well
Brittany brought you something so what
do you got here brick it's very very
rich almond milk no just regular 2%
one candle Wow
why would the other one go out go Bronco
well everybody that is the end of
today's vlog thank you so much for
watching
here are comments of the day for today
thank you you too for sending these
comments Andrew what do you have to say
tomorrow's coming the day will feature a
comment that makes us laugh the most
yes start your engines and ignite well
see you tomorrow goodbye
