good morning everybody and welcome back
to vlogs today we are here at Dragon
Mans in Colorado which is what is this a
shooting range
yeah they got tons of stuff shooting
range for guns they got paintball course
a dirtbike track over there but one of
the main things is this bunker of
weapons literally I can't our last time
we've only been I've only been here once
but he has like an arsenal of like every
weapon you can think of I'm pretty sure
yeah drag it and on the way up here so
many signs saying if you see if you're
here after dark you will be shot at this
is a pretty big deal yeah I don't know
what all these hell's in here so take a
look hello hello hi so cool have some
good ones 20 I just love the turret
Arsenal back here that is insane that's
dragon man himself he's actually shot I
think he has a turd on the back of his
beep yeah I think so
he said he has a flamethrower - yeah he
does that if I had a shoot Wow zooks
here's the paintball guns yeah nice I
really want that one Wow - man so we're
outside now but check it guys I don't
know how he has this stuff
it's a tank and this is just like not
even his whole arsenal I seen on his
Facebook page he has like vintage cars
he I think he has like ten plus tanks
yeah dude so much of what this guy does
but it's time to leave guys all right
it's time to go we actually shot a short
goofy video here years ago is that a
mortgage do ya I was like one of the
first dish videos just type in more Jase
new paintball meeting on YouTube on the
search bar and you'll see we did a goofy
video like years from Magnum now you
want to tell everybody what we're doing
on this mini adventure yeah I want to
get a a new gun so we've just been
looking around at what they got and so
here we've been here before it's great
they got so many sweet options yeah we
love Magnum yes this is one of the
coolest guns I think we've seen today
whoa what is that dude I don't know but
it's it shorter one
it's not my mouth she got there big guy
real-life desert eagle how math in this
money to that is no nice
spills were so heavy I think my shoot
this hill just fly out of my head it's
calling your name see that mm-hmm all my
double-barrel that is pretty full what's
new Scott alright I am getting a gun
folks he's going out to get right now
hmm we will show you what comes out but
boy yeah it's gonna be fun because you
picked one out in the wall but he's
gonna go get one fresh from the box
yes whoa
you go
it's a beauty Brants we can do folks
range we're going in some good shots
first time Gary yes there it is deed
I've been done you're the proud owner of
ar-15 nice be pretty good you are you
find anything yeah I got some close-ups
of your target my goodness for first
time so it's not too bad your very
accurate on the range I must say thank
you can't we do it I want to shoot like
more often now I want to go to like yeah
outside range yeah let's good slow this
is a Smith & Wesson which is a very good
gun manufacturer well guys it's um it's
about that time
oh man it's 422 here we got about three
hours
no our poll closes yeah see on this
tells you it's like the next polls close
in 36 minutes
sunset yeah it keeps getting better
folks Wow just getting some snacks for
the election tonight some popcorn
and this currently Brittany and I are
now at the parents house watching the
election it's a little too early right
now 6:30 so we're just watching to see
what happens yeah Oh Hannon BAM we get
these nice chocolate milks you're like
the jump house Buford yeah yes well what
do we decide to do broth some packages
from the mailbox when we get boxes we
the most random stuff sometimes so this
should be fun all right to the jump
house go in get out of my box this says
more Jase do you put some cards in here
hi
more just you I like you vids I've been
watching for a half a year and I wanted
to send you guys fan mail and your forts
are the best and from Nick hi guys
one day some stuff views subscribes
woohoo best day ever
thank you for 1 mil the end the vlog guy
thanks for watching
got a bigger box here it said fragile on
the outside dinner board just do
ahoy pickles first thing I'm 9 and live
in New Jersey
I found you by looking up 12 reports I
really want this to be in the family do
okay he can't do toilet paper for vids
cuz mom and dad say I can because it's
illegal
nice says dad dad and we also got a
picture of Andrew Brit you decide ok Amy
yeah there's just a bunch of Legos I
don't know for special
man maybe he built something in they
kind of blew up in the shipping process
oh maybe that's why I said it was
fragile
thanks for the box Andrews turn there's
something in the box before it has Miss
know what this is though is it there you
go Buford I am 12
I live in Illinois and repair beds are
the toilet reports and 24-hour
challenges he's been watching since he
was six he's 12 now whoa who's that it's
like a it's an easel I believe is it
gonna be camels if I open it there's a
bunch of quarks kick out of here sniffs
some candies no gum and iPhone you want
oh it's just another fake what tuba it's
a little too small I think it still
works newest blog thanks for the package
oh boy what andrew is going to like this
package already why what's in there oh
my I'm not joking me this is a Don Russ
yay Car Pack
wait what never mind it's not oh it's
just a ton of cars Oh
so this package and letters from Joe and
he also lives in Colorado
my goodness Joe thank you so much for
this package but this isn't all we have
this okay oh and a bag of money for the
ball baby holy cow
yes yeah this will be going in the stash
vault money little packs in here guys so
we're just gonna open them real quick
and show you the rares guys we found a
rare let me show you I know who it is
but oh my out of 25 what Joey Bosa Wow
that Jersey oh that is it's a three
color patch Jersey Joey Bosa Wow Joey
and out of 25 that is insane good well
then you didn't even have to send us
this box dude so thank you so much so
this package is from our friends
childish apparel and local t-shirt
company in Denver and this has some
t-shirts oh that's really cool and on
the backs of melted popsicle great ideas
come from childish imaginations yes sir
it's pretty cool that's a pretty cool
yeah thanks guys
childish apparel what a ten dollar bill
okay let's read this dear more just do I
love your videos my favorite videos are
emailed a library and sneezing on people
a silly string and it doesn't say their
name oh man and in the box we have a
turkey beef jerky bar chicken sriracha
bar sesame and barbeque season bar beef
jerky whoa and bison meat beef jerky
whoa seriously thank you so much for
sending us these snacks I really want to
try one now you uh yeah Oh Garrett
almost ate it he immediately knew
something was up
no no no whoa stay so good chicken room
315 grams of protein you ever get me
fixed boomers now to return envelopes
real bacon bits real bacon bit wood
heater JC cheese my name is Pete I'm 12
I'm to watch your videos on both
channels for about six months I just
want to tell you how great you are and
your content is enclosed I have added
some real bacon bits and a picture I was
up for you can assign another neck thank
you
well guys that's had the vlog uh yeah
election I that was pretty intense what
do you what do you think yeah it was a
pretty pissed
berkel thing to witness I'd say what a
crazy it was like watching a sports
event although it took me all night I
know almost went to bed and like it just
popped on screen I was like who would go
yeah me and Brittany literally went to
bed and then I was like okay before I
fall asleep I'll open my phone and then
all of a sudden apparently everything
was announced that Trump is now the
president so I was like what and he's
about to give a speech it's like what
would be like what a morning 1:00 in the
morning or something yeah somewhere
around there but yeah it was so tired
if you guys want to hear some more of
our political opinions watch yesterday's
vlog we talked more about it I would say
don't let who's the president determined
how you guys treat each other that's all
very true there's a lots of stuff on
Facebook and Twitter people getting
upset and angry but there's no need for
that we can all be happy we can all come
together and work as a country and work
as people and do good okay let's not
hate on anybody duh make the world a
better place okay and we'll see you guys
tomorrow oh whoa you found this comment
you liked right it's right here
I like this one see you guys bye
