home sweet home we got a lot of work to
do
where's Justin ah we don't even have
enough firewood
we need firewood or freeze to death yeah
we can't see the Sun anywhere because
it's just about to go down the horizon I
don't even remember how to get back we
wash for a long time exploring yeah and
we're kind of lost luckily we have our
footprints right now but we need to get
back before it's too dark I barely got
any power with that's the most important
piece fire we're gonna freeze tonight
yeah we're not gonna be able to eat
either let's get going run go hurry who
don't much time whoa what do whoa yeah
okay
ah don't slip it's snowy we made it back
to camp
barely it looks like it's still pretty
bright out but it goes down quick yeah
it's gonna be going down here so we
gotta get firewood and we're gonna try
and build up this side a little bit just
to keep the heat inside okay let's get
to work okay fortify the outside though
some branches take a little bit more
wind proof hopefully
yeah
it is super dark in here as well yeah so
we're kind of clearing out the space we
put the tarp down but a bunch of dirt on
it so we're just gonna shake it off
clear it out and then we're gonna get
these beds lay them out flat so it's
actually comfy in here and member no
shoes in the house once the better beds
are out and you're getting ready for
drone stuff and then we're gonna get the
fire set up it keeps getting better and
better in here I'm hungry oh don't worry
dinner's coming soon okay
so I'm not quite sure as Nick has a
water deficiency but around camp he is a
complete water savage he's drinking all
his water and we're only here one night
but still half his water is almost gone
and I don't see him doing much work I
don't know what's wrong with Justin I
went looking for him and he was just
rolling around in a pile of dirt so
confused but to be honest I actually
have a little bit of paranoia around
camp because I just get this feeling
that like they're trying to push me off
the cliff or something I don't know what
it is with Andrew what he ate or
something but all day he's just been
ripped up left and right
I'm really afraid to actually sleep with
me I'm structure tonight check it out
guys 5:30 all right we have to get this
fire started I mean honestly on camera
it looks pretty light out but it's dark
and we don't have anything yet we got
all the wood chopped up most of it and
we got big pieces out there danger of
Chuck your bag in here we got the ground
comfy it actually feels good took my
shoes off as well so but yeah so what do
we have to start the fire anything oh I
have something what do you mean remember
a couple days ago when you pranked me
yes that's gonna be perfect kindling yes
so you're glad we pranked you then zero
all right well let's get some setup and
then get some wood no guys what time are
we having dinner gotten pretty hot we
should at least get prepared for this
okay let's get our meals out Wow who put
that goo there this fire kept sugar yeah
get it off what's your mastermind idea
you said with this I'm not telling you
why
okay the food has come out yeah cuz I'm
hungry you and we've been kind of
mangling with this trying to figure it
out we got it flame underneath this as
it will smoke in here now so we're
letting this warm up and then we're
gonna put the food on there Oh boys the
raw fish products this is very warm now
so we've fueled the fire see it's
already done
round number two this is gonna be a good
diamond gee what was that all right
let's see how long this takes and just
see what he tastes like to see how oh
she said one minute on each side
obviously it sticks
or I'm sitting it's a test oh you're
kind of like seasoning the whole pan
whoa that looks delish Wow
how is it all right so good so their
salmon still cookin looks like the one
on the right still needs a bit of
cooking but the one on the Left it's
doing pretty well I've made a few of my
pieces but I'm taking it slow we're just
trying to get more small sticks and look
it's like pitch black out all right
Adria is flipping his salmon gets free
you can use your hand on this one maybe
whoa oh look at that beauty so I'm back
on the skillet he owes
I think the seamen's done yeah right I
think it's good okay would you just look
at that steam looks so good how's your
salmon it's delicious
oh very good but we started cooking was
it just like a little bit before six
right yep it is like after seven o'clock
now we're still eating dinner one by one
so I take it oh that's a big one that's
a big one nice I'm not really that cold
yet but I know it's gonna get cold so
putting his long undies on this is a
single suit that'll keep me very warm I
think we need more sticks you guys fine
I'm just putting on me long Jonathan's
alright guys a call we can't see me but
we have to go get more firewood it is
necessary for survival
so let's go it looks cool from the
outside yeah looks like the coolest like
a little cave cuz like you can't see
where the fire is coming from and you
can just see like all of our blankets in
there woah we're did some fire
mitigation yes sir danger zone fire duty
this is perfect guys it's actually
really warm in here
what's desert now me we've just taken
like a 10-minute relaxing break not
doing anything because literally we've
been doing something all day whether
it's cooking picking up wood and it
feels so good mmm this fire
it's literally like great in here as you
guys know we got dessert so I think
we're gonna break that out and we're
gonna make some tea and try the teks it
sounds so good hopefully we don't
encounter any wild animals aka Cougars
bears wolves
they're all relatives to Colorado so you
guys nervous yeah it's okay I have my
knife that wasn't until now Ando yes all
right
who's getting dessert the best brownies
so these are my my favorite brownies
they're at Whole Foods and sprouts
chocolate brownie gluten-free flax and
I'm this some watermelon line so Zenor
had the idea to make a whole batch of it
in that thing mm-hmm all in favor aye
aye aye
oops you me all right let's do 12 of
these so we each get mmm oh my goodness
I was about to say what you warm it up
though how do you do that oh you're
gonna put on a stick
what are you expecting to happen it's
just it to be like gooey fresh out of
the oven
oh man I was a baby oh my gosh I was so
good huh man if you lose knowing I mean
you're not getting any of ours mm-hmm
don't worry I know what I did wrong what
okay all right guys it didn't fall let's
give us a warm brownie challenge that
was hot good is the best branding ever
hair better than cold
yeah well he's ten times better and cold
are you gonna try it Nick
no really I'm not risking it all right
water going in the kettle
hey that's good I don't know how many
packets are we to use read well first
yeah yes is there a litter no okay we're
gonna put like six of these packets in
there one of six packets yep we'll see
if that's enough holy Wow mmm yes
how long after let it steep wait five
minutes okay
yes one more minute for some reason Nick
thinks this cups gonna melt because of
hot water
crap it's melting guys is it melting no
what makes you think this is gonna melt
I was always taught never to put hot
boiling water in plastic things that's
Solo cups
yeah give it a try mmm ah that's like a
nice sweet hot tea I like it that color
you want to try this before you see
it's very warming Tia's come in and
clutch at the campsite alright guys it's
about 9:30 now
well the fireplace is keeping us pretty
warm but it's coal giant log on no but
we've gotten in our sleeping bags guys
so there's Andrew I thought I feel over
there it's pretty good the heli enters
like in the corner as you can see I'm
right here and then we'll keep you guys
updated if we freeze this is where the
real challenge begins everybody
okay guys it's 12:15 but it did the fire
did completely die out and then yeah it
was cold if I can see you over here why
are you there you right here I just have
to go pee it was cold outside but I had
to good morning guys it's 5:20 a.m.
right
welcome to the morning we're all foggy
Wow
trying to stay warm at least guys the
moon is so bright so bright the moon is
what's happening just trying to get some
blood shots in it
what's that oh the problem there's like
voltage too low and it just seems like
landing in the middle of course my
goodness guys it's foggy outside the
trees all have frost on them but we
survived 651 it's chilly out there
though and scary we're all getting very
hungry we didn't bring any breakfast
food so it's time to pack up camp this
is the smoke factory in here are we
ready to go yes time for breakfast one
breakfast bad
we spent the whole night on that
mountain in a cave coffee cup cafe it's
like a good little local shops delicious
breakfast but breakfast was delicious
that hit the spot
now I'm so tired how many hours of sleep
do you think you guys got total I think
I got more than you guys yeah you did
how many would you say I don't know cuz
you I think you woke me up around 10:00
midnight and then five so I probably got
like four four hours really that much
what I got like three or two I think Oh
No
yeah we're so tired now but I think this
is our first successful survival
challenge mmhmm yeah this is when we
failed I know but we did it it was a
great experience
leave your guys comments down below of
more survival challenge ideas and
locations yeah like what you want us to
see doing in survival challenges where
cuz we'll do it because we're experts
now obviously and leave a like of course
guys we appreciate your support we'll
see you back here next time
you sound like
