well good morning everybody and welcome
back to vlogs today and tomorrow is a
pretty big day for America because we
are electing a new president oh my
goodness that's pretty crazy this only
happens what every four years seems like
a long time so but it's a big deal here
anyways we're at Best Buy right now I'm
gonna hand it over to Andrea before Pia
community bag well I decided to buy a
new camera because I want to step up
just the videography photography game
and I like the camera have now but I'm
going a little bit a little bit higher
step up we will tell you guys more about
the election our thoughts after we pick
up the camera stuff okay yeah I think
it's over there
we're that way keep going
yes
we're back in the car it has been done
you want to see it
let's get a full review of what you got
all right so right now this sales the
sony a7s - so that's the camera and then
I got a lens wait why first why did you
get the a7s2 and not the a second R oh
man why do you do it well for all you
camera people out there I was looking at
the a 7r - but you know it just wasn't
as good for video and I do want to do
video obviously so both good cameras
taking pictures well there's like a big
difference in the a7r and a 7's like
pixel wise would you say it was like
yeah cuz the a7r has like 40 megapixels
and this one has 12 but that only really
makes a big difference if you're
printing out a picture and blowing it up
a huge poster size because then they
each have an R will maintain the quality
hold up both issues in 4k that's whoa
are you guys ready Wow Wow so nice feels
good in the hand
plus this is a full frame sensor so it's
like the best of the best
I also got a lens because that's how you
use your camera yeah it is a 24 to 240
millimeter so pretty intense very good
range the best range so you can get like
close-ups zooms but then it's pretty
wide pretty big lens to be honest yeah
this is it's a very nice level I guess
you like if we're on a safari or
something you could get so close to the
end my turn
it'd be like they're in our car with us
but yeah that has been the best buy
adventure of the day we'll show you guys
the footage when I think the camera
needs a charged
with the test footage late in the vlog
we have made it to the library with the
ballot folks to vote for the real-life
next president let's take a look at it
what we got here I did want to point out
this is just for Colorado but look how
many candidates are on the ballot for
president what hey I didn't realize that
green what's that Green Party Oh
Green that's his favorite color that's
not too big so as you can see here there
are many drop-off locations that are
open 24/7 which i think is pretty crazy
I think though yeah last day you can
turn them in 7 p.m. Election Day which
is tomorrow and that's like that's when
they're counting all the votes and
making the announcement that's a good
time but anyways my opinion on it is
like for America it's kind of sad to see
that it's just two parties attacking
each other and yeah my opinion I think
the country would really benefit from a
strong third party not saying it's going
to happen this year but if there was
three parties they're all strong that a
miracle would benefit a lot better
watching some of the debates is like
just nonsense instantly like
there's no love anywhere it's just
everybody hating on each other all the
commercials even on Facebook like people
that I'm friends with it's just constant
like it's kind of annoying just seem
like so many people just getting angry
at another person because they like this
person more I think we can all agree
that whoever becomes president its
Clinton or Trump that there's gonna be
some problems yeah either way some other
person's going to be upset and then also
because if you're not in America if
you're president you can run for a
second term later on but you're going to
do two terms and I think guy doesn't
matter who's president they're not going
to be able to run for a second term yeah
I just I have that feeling it's gonna be
a one-term president this time around
but yeah as you can see on my ballot
here I haven't picked anybody yet
because I don't know yet I'm gonna
decide tonight
with my wife work we're gonna vote on
Election Day tomorrow hey that's totally
fine I'm turning in mind today pretty
and I have filled them out and it is
time to turn them in like I was saying
how this president is probably only
going to be in office for four years
one-term it's interesting because the
Supreme Court has four open yous
that the president has to elect and
those openings are for life well so
intense the repercussions of this
president isn't going to last just there
one term it's going to last for a long
time guys yeah it's going to be
interesting to see what happens one
final note on this election is the world
needs more Jesus that's all I'm gonna
say yay Jesus now let's go vote here's
the drop-off are you feeling here you
American right now ha very American
officials Dropbox yes yes you did it
also for anyone out there that doesn't
want boat because they think maybe their
vote doesn't matter I encourage you guys
to all go out and vote because your vote
does matter even if it's one of a
million votes plus and I know a lot of
you are younger and can't vote but one
day you will and it's a shortened yeah
you've got one more day folks one more
day to vote now let's go home and charge
the camera yes we are back at Andrew's
house and I want to point out this is
all the fan mail we haven't opened okay
not all the fan mail but there's a ton
of letters in here there's a lot more
let me just quickly show you I know a
lot of you are probably upset we haven't
open all the fan mail yet but we're
going to do it you still got this box of
letters so we're going to open some on
Facebook live on our Facebook page j stu
studios and then we'll pie open some of
the boxes in a vlog top just stay tuned
we're sorry about that
so some exciting news the trailer for
the short film we did with Rasmus is
coming out pretty soon but what do you
got to do first some final touches on
the trailer Rasmus needs a voice audio
clip so
recording that right now welcome to the
recording studio all right
production is what he is taken I'm
looking for her and I will do what it
takes to find her
that was Rasmus yeah not me but this is
gonna be you in a second
my wife she was taken I'm looking for
her and I will do what it takes to find
her a good first take guys will get the
exact date for the trailer I don't know
when but hopefully because the film
comes out probably early next month
like I say they're here no no next month
hopefully December my wife well andrew
has been charging his camera battery for
a bit
it is I think it's time it's time to
test it test it out so we're gonna
switch over to the his camera and it's
going to be that footage now who's ready
we're here whoa whoa how's it looking
thus far is it good focus when I go like
that you stay right there okay now you
can zoom in on me
Wow the focus though was that good yeah
how close are you
I was pretty close now let's see what
else I want to shoot it looks like when
you're holding it facing you homes oh
hello guys oh my gosh that lighting
looks so good now it's time to go out
into the wilderness okay it's going to
be a bit dusky out soon
does it just accordance to the lighting
very crisp
oh it's crisp direct sunlight yes crisp
I can get really close yeah dude this
looks so nice put the colors Wow
zoom this is like a mini arm workout
holding this thing I know the lens is
really big as you guys saw before we'll
have to go get some pictures do you want
go get some pictures yeah
okay we're near we can put them in the
wall guys oh yeah we can show off the
picture quality okay here we are folks
this is where we shot the scene with
Rasmus I don't know if we've walked bad
or not I can't remember oh we didn't
actually
oh well that's rishaad a scene with Rex
missile feature key all right we got
some pictures but we were just talking
about how
how once I'm able to learn the settings
on this camera because we're just
shooting in auto mode because it's kind
of hard and just got the camera you like
some better pictures but I get way
different camera because Canon obviously
is like different yeah oh yeah it's
different
we'll get there though yep back home now
yes that is the end of the vlog
everybody we're back home yeah thanks
for watching and yeah tomorrow's
election day where we'll be vlogging and
we'll see what happens
yeah or maybe today's election day I
don't know when you're watching this but
I don't know it's true
anyways thanks for this comment comment
of the day folks
man just thank you and thank you thank
you and we'll see you guys at the polls
have a good base goodbye
