yo what's up guys hey everyone welcome
back to the vlogs
today we're at Walmart because we're
buying something that's gonna be so much
fun yeah in the twin sections it's our
favourite section by the way check it
out Christmas trees are in full effect
this is a huge light bulb yeah this is
not acceptable did you see it yeah what
hmm
yes the jumbo lien this is for ages
three to six years old
that's us I think perfect okay
maximum weight 59 pounds what look we're
both in there 120 pounds it says but
that doesn't really help is just gonna
blow up no okay so the plan for today is
to take one of these bounce castles or
set them up in different spots around
the city
there's cool random spots and just jump
if it doesn't blow up we're seeing if
they have any other styles no other
styles so jump lean it is this is the
park where we played nerf guns at they
were trying to see if there's a plug
it's also pretty windy out there should
be one over here I'm hoping ah no
outlets anywhere around here gonna find
a new spot so we could blow up the jump
lean which would be a funny one though
like in the middle of this ballpark
new spot we're checking the bathrooms
hopefully there's a plug let it be
another fail can't accept this we used
to have that plug that goes in the
cigarette lighter of your car which that
would have been handy but we don't know
where it went
yes - yes we failed we did right here's
the test does the plug work ah go what
are you doing this is a weird plug where
Brittany's jacket thanks Brittany it's
really cold out I forgot to bring a
jacket so yeah it's a bit small but
whatever whatever keeps you warm heck
it's working get ready to have fun guys
or me and you oh you guys are watching
kick it's working
a one really annoying design of the jump
lien which I will be emailing the
company is C the main part has the big
one the big hole that you can use that
on but all the walls have this tiny
little thing in to blow up by mouth and
that so it is just pointless
why couldn't they just coordinate this
whole thing to blow up at once that it
would make way more sense like I said I
will be emailing the company us is
really making me angry time to go
install the jump lien when it snows we
should take this down a sledding hill is
so funny
what do you say are you ready to have an
amass amounts of fun I gotta take my
shoes off yeah that that's number one
rule for the jump lien no shoes I gotta
take my jacket off cuz I make it very
hot alright here we go guys
whoa the pork I feel very static of it
what everywhere I go I'm staticky well
guys welcome to the Jumbo lean fort on
the go we got walls here the entrance
hey my fort andrew has brought the drone
of course this this definitely calls for
drone this doesn't know what does so
we're gonna get some stunning shots
while happen of course
did you guys like those drone shots I
hope so but now it is time for Andrews
first try on the castle bounce alene you
okay yeah oh yeah whoa dude that's
pretty cool I was telling Andrew that
this castle thing would be the funniest
fun thing on a lake or in like Walmart
if we blew it up in Walmart we're just
in an aisle bouncing around that's not
so funny to me get it attended attended
the den oh whoa you almost did a spy
move who's impressed but that's you do
it better
oh come on show me your best jumping
moves you do a backflip in this if you
want
I'm gonna try to jump over this whole
thing
Wow I just tried okay okay humming in
position oh here goes Andrew
whoa good work we're getting so many
ideas that we can do with the jump olena
but you guys should leave some ideas in
the comments as well because I'm sure
some of you have some ideas just be
fantastic yeah if you like that link
idea leave a thumbs up
yeah lake um sledding would be funny yes
there's no store yeah inside inside of
Walmart where we bought it we're going
home now but we don't want to deflate it
because we still want to use it takes a
while to inflate so where we deflate it
the main parts we're gonna put it on the
top of your car okay so we kind of
pinched it in the door so it stays and
you can reach out and grab it
now time to inflate we have a good very
funny idea if it worse yeah stay tuned
our new idea is called the floating
castle of fun oh yes okay
we go Andrews gonna try it out the first
the first try do you need a push look so
that's okay he can say hi
land ahoy alright your turned to flee
the king is coming back to home base I
guess no maybe this was a bad idea huh
there's a hole in it we can patch it up
yeah we can patch it don't worry I have
to patch up if we want this on the water
of all the bubble balls that we have
well we have plenty of plastic patches
we can put on that thing yeah that is
not a problem I yes and I told my dear
Oh God well at least this sides are
still inflated it's just the bounce part
we need that part how are we gonna have
fun without it hey Buford some sad news
about Buford he was jumping on her bed
the other night and he fell off so he
hurt his leg and he can't really move
that well so he has to go to the doctor
tomorrow his back leg back here I'm
sorry buddy see he just doesn't look
like a normal Buford today well that's
it for the vlog thanks for watching
leave some comment ideas down below
where we can take the bounce castle and
I guess we'll see you guys tomorrow all
right
hope you have a great rest of your night
day whenever you're watching this
pshh
