hey everyone welcome back to vlogs who's
excited for today's episode you me
calibrate overdoing we're at a home
depot women build forts we were here
pranking we saw a lot of good spots for
forts so we came here before trying to
make a fort and it just didn't work but
we weren't looking hard enough we were
gonna make it work this time
Home Depot so during our exploration we
have found our first fort check this out
mainly because they just wall yeah they
took all the products out thought then
look in here this is perfect so we're
gonna go in there soon figure out what
we want to do but that's not the only
four we found here it's the area we want
to build plus they have these ladders
here so we can potentially get up higher
to maybe third fourth fifth levels but
we just got to figure out how we're
going to do this see there's boxes here
so we need to figure out where we're
going to put stuff we found a little
entrance right here
sneaky mode activate
this is nice it's a little dark in here
but this is the best cuz this is the
concrete wall yeah
he just left but now he brought his
blocking in
hazal buddy Andrews stuck out there and
now I'm stuck in here
is it clear
great danger has an idea guys you're
going up behind here a big open area
behind ELISA
all right he's going in guys all right
we got this used for a door I'm up here
now I'm in the rafters a lot of stuff
back here but look you can keep going I
can see through the scenes with perfect
vantage hole I could almost stand up I
can't stand up yeah I see you are you
gonna come up - can we get in a better
position you're Justin's gonna come up
now come on come on hurry but the door
No you can look through the sinkholes
yeah business eysan yeah it's a spy hole
holy crap I know la it's not actually
how you talk really oh man
so we can't be that loud huh yeah like
my footprints on here someone's gonna
find anybody let that crap
Andrew told you guys but this is the
third floor of the rafters here all Nebo
I knew we can do it a drew but I love
the spies alt look from up here we're
installing hardwood flooring trying to
figure out how to get across that way
don't want to end
ah giant stand-up zone back here yes can
you get into it yeah right now yeah well
don't do that here's my view very
exposed folks but here's what I'm
talking about like there's a whole like
section I want to get him and it's kind
of wait for him to leave us we haven't
seen it I've made it back here now guys
I'm standing up completely
pretty cool not much room but the sports
pretty big thus far this is like the
standings oh I'm not oh dude there's a
way down literally guys fighting with
these boxes we can get down easily by
this ladder that would be so sick oh
don't get stuck see I put my hand right
here you can see cuz it's a dust factory
and awesome moves
see if you can move these boards and
climb up to the very top level but I
don't know if I'll be able to be so
funny though I squish me
I'm just if we film future pranks why
here's come right here you see a little
gray flow of here
no not ever seen give me the back think
would be it also makes straight down I'm
right by the ladder and to make an epic
escaping but we hear people talking so I
don't know when to go
I did it
I get it one of two success can't hinder
maker the two other to success come on
yeah
break4 yes
don't step on the last step it's very
loud we did it we're making our way back
to the first spot we showed you guys
just kind of a similar type of fort
class oh I'm trying to put this one on
here this heavy we got it up now there
should be room to crawl on in this is
another new fort I found what
Pokhara this this is the chainsaw fort
okay let's see this new fort entry yes
Home Depot it's working out yeah dude
yes it's just kind of open back here but
whatever what yes yes what are you doing
so loud
it smells very good back here because
all this smell good stuff yeah we got
this tarp here to block welcome this is
like a duplex for ya stand up in this
work link yeah oh why your add tool so
if you were actually gonna spend the
night here this would be the best spot
because take a look there's a for clogs
right here food phones computers we
could watch a movie thanks box I just
saw 24 hours in Home Depot oh man
ever spot yeah this is literally a
perfect spot smells good because of all
these yeah just need like a pill or
blanket or something is not that comfy
very dusty as well
good thing we didn't stay up there he
would have been found for sure was he
doing
looking for something
okay so we made sure the coast was clear
I start to go out I was going full force
because I wanted to go quick and then
there's this man just a customer just
standing there watching me come out he
was just so confused I stayed back there
I was hiding there but yeah it's like
right when I saw him he's like staring
at me and I was like well I might as
well just keep going I was like yeah
there's no products back there he's like
what are you doing back there you're not
supposed to be back there so I'm trying
to find the extra boxes he's like
because I care all stacked above so I
said all that makes sense then he just
kind of like he was so confused by
yourself coming out of money the show so
awkward OHS yes so was about the laughs
it was so uh yeah I almost laughed
because it was just the strangest
situation I've ever been I don't know I
just knew if I started laughing there
would make even less sense that's all I
would have been bad if I came out I wish
you woulda can I didn't look out and see
him there and he was looking at you like
very confused like oh I just stood there
and I was like oh crap
do I come out or it's gonna make it work
I've been funny if you came out like
yeah there's no boxes man we both can't
find him I looked up they were I climb
to the top no extras but yeah safe to
say it's time to go
cuz he's gonna definitely point me out
to them pull use that man's a crime and
buy on the shelves looking for Febreze
we are back home now back in for quick
calms of the day hope you guys liked
this episode cherry said more four four
four I got seventeen likes leave some
comments down below of what for you guys
want to see us do next it can be
anything but make it realistic okay you
guys are my favorite youtubers I've been
substance 2014
and then gamer thank you thank you
everybody for the longtime support and
Cameron left a nice comment for us as
well your videos keep getting better and
better each time and I love all the
effort and positivity that you put into
the videos keep it up we appreciate that
Cameron glad you like the bids but that
sums it up we have a flow Ellis bail but
we have a funny idea for tomorrow we'll
see you then come back now go back one
piece out
