good morning everybody welcome back to
vlogs currently Andrew and I are at
Walmart because we're getting something
because we're going to the trampoline
park what do we need we need bubble
balls because as you know Justin's blew
away in the desert and then mine got
shot up by a paintball gun so yeah we
need new ones wait wait what perfect
Bowl ball plus a lot of you guys have
left comments in the past wanting us to
go to a trampoline park with a bubble
ball and just have fun do some goofy
stuff see what can happen and that's
what we're doing today so we knew this
bring this on a trampoline park what a
jump believe I do want to try that but
maybe this will do for now what it's
October 21st why this 31st I thought
sorry cover 31st why I said why aren't
they putting that sign up
yay
blue and orange this is the last blue
one they had good and we have made it
here at trampoline world we've been here
before
but Bubba bought a trampoline place this
has not been done yet and look we are
the only people practically here I am
excitement overload right now I'm gonna
be real with you guys I don't think I've
been this excited to jump at a
trampoline place except for now I don't
know why you'll feel the same way yeah
because there's no one here so that's
point number one point number two ball
balls like literally look at this
doesn't this just look like fun to the
max a whole trip we impart to ourselves
just so bad weather but the last time we
had fun at the trampoline park was the
24 hour one of course so this may be up
there with it not quite there you go
okay
so one down one to go so as you guys can
see both bubble balls are blown up right
now
yay but we got it got it test out the
course before we go show yeah yeah
it works okay good to know
quick trampoline test yay I can't be a
gymnast huh that's pretty good but check
this out what did you just say Oh what
bring out the boat balls now trying to
figure out all the different things we
can do with the bubble balls Phil we got
that seeing right there we can jump off
of of course we have the big trampoline
bouncers and a bunch of random stuff but
andrew is going to start off the big
bouncer right Andrew are you ready all
right how fun was that on a scale 1 to
a to least you're being honest okay
Garrett
and fire
this is challenge I have to jump in the
bubble ball
sorry
this is gonna be bad folks
come on we got to complete this I almost
had it but I hit the top edge landing in
a bubble ball challenge one of us will
land this I've camped up right here
since I failed Andrews going again hope
he doesn't smash into me coz I'm right
in front of the ball so I have padding
here but uh redo that I backed up the
perfect amount oh man we moved the ball
a little bit closer should be able and
this time yes we're not sure what the
goal of this setup is but it was funny
to do a cool funny maneuver
this week I'm gonna call Andrew doesn't
think I can hit him off when he's
swinging we'll see about that yeah this
is why I love coming to the trampoline
park because everybody has so much
energy inside of them and this is
literally the most perfect place to let
off energy steam whatever you want it
doesn't matter what age you are either
you can have fun and who doesn't like a
good fun this is called the collision
Andrew is about to attempt the first
bubble ball aerial display Andrew take
it away what
of course since we are at a trampoline
park we want to build a fort the start
of the fort is looking great
we found big walls tons of pieces and
Nature has a good idea so I don't know
what he's doing we have made an epic
looking for it here with all the
supplies this is the outside this is the
entrance tunnel you have to go through
that what is this
making the outer Ridge wall out grid
walls no Alma grid Alma grid
okay this is the tunnel goes like this
and this way and that's the entrance you
like those dark okay but I'm going to
take a quick peek Wow yeah it's dark in
here today is Halloween if you guys
didn't know that which is why we made a
haunted tour a trampoline fort this is
maze yeah you okay who had who's gonna
go in first
this is scary by the way since you have
claustrophobia
may juris alright this is not good I
can't see anything in here
I see your light but it's gone yeah
shining down the hallway there's ghosts
back there chatting down the hallway
quick I told you us claustrophobia SH in
here
I'm coming as fast as I don't break the
walls boy they're already okay
yeah I had no idea where you were
hey Wow who's there who keeps playing
those sounds
did you hear that I thought I heard
something
what was that what I needed get out of
here I'll play out the escape hatch
no no no no no no you did it on purpose
that's why you had to get out was
collapsing you weren't lying
yep better get out I'm trying I'm trying
ah who said that I'm searching for Kevin
hi
here's the challenge and you guys are
going to play with us
andrew is going I'm gonna go count to 30
you have to hide somewhere in here 30
all right keep an eye out for moving
pieces have a feeling Andrew may have
moved something because some things look
a little bit disoriented over here what
he's over there
we're jumping in good thing he's not
under there
but he's over here what he's over here
is this so hard all of these look like
shirts where that was a good hiding spot
Thanks
you're welcome I have another final
challenge for Andrew he has to try and
run across this whole beam on Bubble
Ball hey you did pretty good not first
person slip yeah I'm not sure if that
today they were closed or what but we
were literally the only people in there
the whole time
yeah it's just the middle of the day so
all the kiddies were at school well we
picked the right topic up that was fun
guys round of applause for the bubble
balls well I guess that's the end of the
video wow that was fun hope it was fun
for you guys to watch that video yeah we
have been wanting to take bubble balls
to a trampoline park for a long time I'm
so glad we were able to do it and thanks
for all the comments who everybody told
us to do that and don't get to leave a
like if you want us to do more videos
like this yeah and maybe subscribe if
you want please alright anyways see ya
bye guys
Oh comment of day thank you for this
comment sorry we haven't been doing
comment of the day
we are sorry but this comment
