what's up everybody hey welcome back to
logs what are we doing today we are
doing a nerf customization epic fun idea
vlog okay we're at Home Depot right now
because we're gonna get some cool spray
paint colors we saw our last um knife
gun video we didn't have the proper
paints or anything so our guns were cool
but they could be way better yeah so
we're gonna like disassemble them tape
it off to some cool looking spray paints
make some awesome guns it's beginning to
look a lot like Christmas hasn't even
begun
Halloween hasn't even started nor
Thanksgiving this is a lot of Christmas
stuff
most their know which 100 the dark what
the whoa but there's some cool neon ones
too when I used on the other gun number
here's the collars we got it's like
metallic of this one and then this is
another metallic finish the world
that's a chrome that would be sick so
we're going to make some cool guns back
home now so not only do we have the
other nerf guns that we've had before
but we also have this which we haven't
opened yet which is a like a bow and
arrow
right now just some quick lunch before
we get into the madness folks of course
we know some of you will unsubscribe if
we don't show we're eating so this is
for you guys who's there
before we start the customization we'll
do a quick test of this this is we
haven't really used in it
yeah because whenever we bought that a
few days ago and could not figure out
how to use it
bought new batteries and was working but
Andrew fixed it somehow what was the
problem for future people who buy this
already showed you before but oh this
has to be latched close otherwise
what are you doing taking it apart we'd
never try this with the rivals before so
yeah since a lot of you guys said it's
easier to take them apart and then paint
them that's what we're trying out when
we did take apart these guns in the
previous mod vlog the one this gun was
near impossible to put back together all
the springs and parts start falling
apart so see yeah we will okay here we
go see this looks complicated you're
right if we mess one thing up we're
gonna be doomed but this piece is pretty
easy because it just goes right back on
alright it's time to get customizing
these guns I'm gonna customize the
shotgun out here Oh where'd a dish come
from just taping off the pieces he
doesn't want to paint good job I know
right and then I've got this shell piece
this top piece so I guess I'll just jump
right in
once we go to nerf gun zone everyone's
gonna be so jealous that is looking
sweet I haven't taped up a lot right
here okay this is gonna be a
multicolored gun yay Wow
the first of the colors being this
chrome piece turned out so well I
decided to tape off this one I'm not
going to paint the black parts Chrome so
at the handle and underneath and this
top rail always would be nice
let's try
we are currently letting it dry letting
each of the guns dry and then we have to
continue work because we still have tape
the other side
these guns are Breton gonna be so cool
guys stay tuned has time to open up the
nerf bow and arrow and we don't want to
use scissors because that's not fun
perfect catch here are the darts okay
pretty cool yeah safety first okay
always for a paintball mask it lights up
once you grip it this bad boy lights up
you see back off friends Hunger Games if
you're looking for a new lead back off
see how far this flies yeah haha fire
jeez guys ready hi hi let's go my god it
didn't really hurt it just it was like a
zit it was a harder nerf bullet we're
ready dude
oh that's so cool just shoot it up and
then catch it
okay you can catch this oh right through
the hands Demaryius right oh right
through the hands Demaryius ah hey
shoulder the paints should be fairly dry
I think yeah not bad the bullet itself
oh man this is a night weapon so that'd
be fun at night to try yeah
it's done or reassembled it and nothing
is operational two-sided gold and chrome
that's so see we're putting the final
touches on our weapons so mines drying
right there
cheston's is basically done yeah give
you a full review in a minute the third
gun the whole thing now it's time for
nerve Tricia darling
stop a water bear okay all right our
guns are done here we are folks
Wow so I got a mole this side is mainly
blue with the streak of mud plaster red
and then on this side I had a little
orange Flair chrome base tip and custom
chrome aymo case yeah this is called the
Indigo the hoop FanDuel go take a look
whoa this is called the lime chrome
sickle I like that
see it's just this yeah it's like lime
green the chrome base with a basic clip
with a basic clip but let me tell you it
fires
okay so this gun
we put chrome on this side way cooler
way way way cooler now let's just see
the whole thing put your hand off the
handle look at that folks that looks way
cooler yeah so it's like two two sided
we didn't want to yeah but what time is
it now time to shoot stuff North God
trick shots nerf gun you're gonna grab
your weapons we're doing trick shots
with an empty water bottle so we have to
hit the hit it off
you guys don't want to miss this my turn
we have Big O tires to pick up my car
it's time to get an oil change I just
got it
those two thousand miles overdue but
it's still okay to happen really
Oh your car's not mad no okay as long as
he's not mad it's he's okay okay that's
good to know
anyways hope you guys enjoyed the video
we had fun customizing some nerf guns I
don't know I'm really starting to like
customizing things I want to do this
more maybe not even just with nerf guns
but just more things in general other
objects so let us know if you guys want
us to do any more customizations yeah
cuz we can do it or basically
professionals now hmm I guess this is
the end of the blog below thanks for
watching everyone we'll see you back
here tomorrow goodbye
huh they saw it on the screen what it
was a picture of something of what I
don't know
