hey everybody welcome back to vlogs hey
guys I have to start off by saying I
just got back from the dentist in my
mouth is known so if I sound weird
that's why anyways funny now
with that being said you explained was
happening well I'm assuming you guys
watched yesterday's vlog but if you did
it um we came here to Magnum shooting
center which is epic we shot a 1919
machine gun we shot a m16 but now they
have this I don't know what it is it's
like a haunt shoot maze that they have
what oh yeah like a tactical maze they
created and you actually get to use real
guns and shoot like some sort of cool
targets so this should be really fun not
I have no idea what to expect but
excited Oh
huh go in late the safety meeting we
just filled out our waivers but look
what Andrew brought this time yes what
is this this is the GoPro setup
I forgot about we gotta get some cool
shots for you guys yeah cuz like we set
up for us like a tactical breeze
into targets so this would be cool now
we just what do we have to do we're
going through like a safety class yeah
something like that it's not your
average shooting range today the
training room what guns do we have here
that we are going to be using that one
is a Browning with a 20 tactical
solutions barrel so it is an upgraded
gun and then it is suppressed and then
this is a Sig Sauer p226 would with a
suppressor you guys remember in
yesterday's vlog we said we would we
wanted to one day shoot down the head of
suppressor on it and what do you know
look at this this is going to be so cool
and this one even has a tack light so
way that works is your thumbs are here
and we talked we can toggle it oh cool
so women like that let's be perfect on
this side is constant and then on the
side is just a toggles yeah good yeah
that's your 30% all right let's go
captain
oh this is so cool it's gonna be awesome
I can't believe we're using silenced
guns but before we go ahead we have to
obviously load up load it up what are we
using today folks 9-millimeter and at 22
this overall rating with you
hires great guys good how cool is this
I don't know what's behind there but it
looks a bit spooky folks this is Lea
so doing a quick briefing and then a
righty and mandolin
and you've been involved with a long
time
I'm going to have your spare mag when
you're empty call it B and we'll talk
about reload step up here a little bit
how did you do I think I did well I got
a couple bad guys good one did you like
better now that you shot both it's hard
to say this one's more powerful for sure
well that was a super fun experience
what do you say yeah like you've never
done anything like that before and like
it's no I want to do that again that's
so cool
we're back from the range yeah my face
still isn't back to normal yet so still
numb
yeah it still it hurts - oh sure I
didn't have lunch yet because my face
was enabled
- you love Rehan food hungry I want food
yeah I won't have dinner now blocky when
are you gonna eat now don't bite your
lip now boy now I think I'll be okay
soon I need to get I'm gonna buy my own
custom gun yeah you're talking in the
car I think it'd be fun to own maybe
like a bigger gun like a rifle type of
gun but also like those pistol ones
where you can put like a suppressor on
and like it oh yeah
the tactical light I want to get like a
custom color yeah so cool so down the
road yes it will happen but in my
opinion I think everyone that buys a gun
should take a gun safety class feels
important even concealed classes hunter
safety they're all important yeah but it
just makes it so much better owning a
gun when you know how to use it and be
safe with it so that's the most
important thing see first take your
classes Bobby bird just got back home
and brittany has prepared a very
nice-looking dinner Brittany what do you
have going here well since we're
starting CrossFit idea was like this
packet and so I've been trying to like
figure out macros and everything and so
there's a little too fabulous but it's
just basically
right it's hamburger on top of a
spaghetti squash and spinach and avocado
100% grass-fed yeah yes hi I'm very
hungry so this is going to be perfect
and they're kind of like very
golden-brown by me banana chocolate chip
muffins and then banana chocolate
souffle guys if I finish my first day of
school really good job guys this is what
you get to look forward to when you're
when you're married you come more and
you get banana bread cupcakes banana
bread a plate full of food everything
that's what you got to look forward to
thank you for preparing this food date
this days you get a play I see you have
three plates here
Daisy you get a plate you're doing
Crossfit to just go down with a quick
dinner stop by King Soopers get some
snacks because and over to acting group
you guys saw in the previous vlog I
think last week we're doing an acting
group every week so really excited about
that had to get some snacks head over
there I know I've got a bunch of snacks
here alright all done was that little
get-together those really fun and one
thing I encourage you guys to do is to
stay active and practice your craft that
is so important in life don't let time
go by because as you as we all know time
goes by really fast so take the
opportunities you have to practice learn
more seek wisdom and better yourself and
whatever it is that you love and want to
do in life
so get to it folks last end of the vlog
thanks for watching hope you enjoyed it
and it's a little bit shorter of a vlog
but that's okay we had fun today hope
you did too
we'll see you back tomorrow alright
peace
