good morning everybody welcome back to
vlogs today is gonna be so much fun
oh you and that's probably why exactly
you clicked on this video thumbnail
title it is going to be some intense
something we've never done before
actually kind of but not yeah like way
different yeah so you guys know we enjoy
nerf guns guns in general and we've
actually went to a gun range before shot
what was it a pistol and some other sort
of gun we don't know much about them but
today what is happening Andrew give them
a quick rundown of the idea we're going
to Magnum gun range here in the springs
and we're going to shoot the giant
machine gun turret basically they have
it's so cool we can't wait I can't wait
to show you when we get there but
literally it's like a giant like it's
like a gun you'd use on like a tank or
something and they allow people to shoot
it so we're gonna go show you guys it
it'll be a fun experience for everybody
watching this vlog so first we want to
put on some army gear because look what
I'm wearing I'm wearing a Mickey Mouse
shirt I can't go to the gun range
looking like I just got back from Disney
World so andr has some camo we're gonna
go into this with style take it did you
find them I did
that's nice okay so what kind of gear
what kind of gear do you got in here
what is this just full of army gear yeah
well I guess I think a two jackets in
two cans but oh are you going just
jackets or what I guess okay I can go
camo jacket with pink shorts what do you
say you actually well you got the
colored shirt for this now before we go
I don't think I've shown you guys as
before but Mary and I actually have a
real gun and I was joking before about
the nerf gun being the home defender
this is the real home defender oh yeah
so I'll just do a quick preview here he
is I have the orange safety clip in
right now because well because now this
is a real quick you've got a custom
custom orange clip so yeah I mean it's
like a it's a nine millimeter
it could be concealed carried if you
wanted because it's kind of small but
yeah that's it's like the perfect
Bedford cipher can feel carry it's
pretty powerful actually for how small
it is but anyways let's go shoot some
bigger guns also safety first we're
getting some goggles and high protection
for this adventure what found some
headphones aka noise-canceling things
found those as well and you're gonna
bring this yeah I'm not bringing this to
the range
you know what I've done you can bring to
the range what this vintage Civil War
captain they're gonna be so jealous
ah I'm care that not how you wear them
keV oh man here we are though Magnum
shooting center guys if you've never
been here if you do come to Colorado you
should come here it's so fun it's a good
father-son activity I'd say more
father-daughter if you're into that
under not before mother not yes sir I
really want to get a revolver with like
a custom dude some of these guns are
just way too cool look how just cool
that is simple room are you nervous to
shoot this machine gun
aka turret there he is by the way this
shot looks very American doesn't it yeah
this is Jared goodness sakes this is
going to be so cool guys he's been here
waiting for ammo for a quite a while
there he goes he's taking him back on
World War two he tried making a mold on
King Gunther what happens is the gas
goes up to this Cup into this Cup pushes
back on the barrel the barrel now slides
it back like this see the interior
breaks it apart right there are pulls
the cartridge out moves back pushes down
puts one into this chamber comes back
and grabs another Lake what and how
taller tripod World War one 19th no way
Wow
no the matoke good these u.s. guns and
then World War 2 came around they tried
making it more mobile so they put an air
hole jacket on so this is World War 1 so
it's like basically we like battlefield
one stacks
you may find this gun in the game here's
one else she has your bud Stamper god
thanks dad 308 308 mm-hmm my goodness
oh boy you're in the range now you
basically got the whole thing to
ourselves oh let's have your screen here
all right
one hand goes right-handed yeah
left hand goes here
ready
all right
souvenirs
did we hit him you sprayed right across
the chest not back honestly when we were
shooting I wasn't even like aiming
I was just yeah you're going back and
forth you guys thought we were done
not yet we're moving on to a better new
gun our main man convinced us to go with
an m16 full auto gonna be so crazy
m16 he said it's a beast so so you have
any fun facts about the m16 yeah this
one happens to be a gas piston or u16
this is safe semi automatic huh fun okay
put the magazine in what that red dot
yeah this is a neo tech Allah circle way
to go
Trump with your camera now you're
probably Patrick yep you're the nerf oh
sweet thing that's so cool yeah there we
go round two
funny
yeah that was epic
Oh how do you feel impressive just look
at our target you guys remember we like
it like the line across his head check
out the m16 cheese way more damage I
want that one please so cool $1500 111
No
what dad gum guys hollow blue rares
sapphire next time we shoot guns me and
you want to do like a silencer because
that would be really cool how was your
first time shooting those the 19 1984 in
the m16 full auto yeah man those were
good goods yeah
like although like like you're saying
earlier although it like shot so fast it
was like the coolest can't even describe
how it felt in the experience like it
was just like wall yeah and like after
shooting the m16 because you saying it's
so bad for the put a muzzle brake on the
end yes it gives it more it's more
accurate but it's a lot louder but
afterwards the smoke which is like so
well I can imagine like soldiers use
these guns and they have known ear
protection so I was telling them like so
since they have no ear protection are
they basically all deaf is it yep so if
they're just shooting that all day my
goodness but thank you Magnum this was
superb but we're not done with these
guys yet they have a setup it's like a
tactical maze it's like a haunted maze
and you can go through with your pistol
and shoot the targets we really want to
do that so if you guys want to see it
leave a like we'll probably come back
here tomorrow and try that out the maze
shooting it with GoPro maybe light or
something should be really fun we're now
what is this place called Boot Barn yeah
never been here Andrew and I have been
talking about doing a cowboy lifestyle
so
kind of looking at you know potential
outfits and ideas so stay on the lookout
from that idea so I've never had on a
pair cowboy okay look so odd that outfit
uh cowboy boots yeah well these boots
are pretty expensive Oh 170 folks mine
worth of clearance section shaving
what is that sounds like an alligator
not bad it must be does it say in the
inside no oh man well but it is cool
though that is a fun boot we are having
a serious American day first shooting
guns second poop barn now bathed jerky
one of our favorite stores here in
America
what new flavors do they got here maybe
some our challenges or sauces or
something time to try some beef jerky
they got a new flavor in what do you
think that's good
I love that they give samples here is
the best one flavor Asian barbecue
smoked beef brisket dude I know you love
that so many flavors oh we've tried this
last time the Reaper Carolina Reapers
are made in this beef jerky actually
it's pretty spicy but hmmm something you
can definitely anal additive only 1
million Scoville concentrated pepper
extract No thank you guys look you're
back home now and wow that was a fun day
man man I don't why we don't do that
more America well yeah yeah hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog is a
definitely fun one for us and hope we
kept you entertained but tomorrow's vlog
will be very fun yes it will yes it will
so we'll see you then yep we'll see you
back here tomorrow good bye everyone
yeah
you
