hey everybody welcome back to vlogs what
are we doing today well you guys saw our
previous vlogs I'm assuming harpy just
walks and we were doing some nerf gun
madness
well well it's a little dark we were
doing some nerf gun madness we got some
new guns these aren't new but different
guns from the last episode and what do
we want to do today Andrew we are going
to customize them with a unique paint
job that only we can do yeah we just got
some paint we have these four guns I
found some pink spray at Andrews parents
house which this may come in handy and
we're gonna see who can make the coolest
custom nerf gun and you can you don't
have to use just paint you you can use
cardboard you can use objects you find
around the house if you want huh yeah to
customize it yeah make your own scope if
you want which I may be doing but that's
what we're doing right now we got the
pegs here tons of colors the custom nerf
gun session setup looks pretty great all
these colors green blue yellow red white
and guys these are relics honestly don't
know how old these are Buzzbee toys
double shot Oh King and then we got
these guys really classic and strike
nerf guns oh here we go
maverick Rev six not bad now do you have
a look you're going for with your first
custom gun yeah what home defense okay
we'll see how that turns out mine's
gonna be the patriarch that's what it's
called okay okay
get down boy I was using white not you
why ping
Bar None the worst pain I ever known you
guys impressed with the first layer here
I don't know what this paint is washable
paint I don't know if this is going to
work the patriarch may have to be
revised I was telling Justin he is
really setting the bar high for other
nerf painters out there really yeah I
don't know how they're gonna compare
with that man I've moved over to spray
paint this can get the job done okay you
guys may or may not be ready for these
custom Nerf blasters that we just
painted they're not ready nah there's no
way you can prepare yourselves for what
you're about to see you're gonna want
these guns back all right you do the
first review here is the final product
guys give us a rundown of what the
thought process was if you're yielding
this gun you know the power of a
thousand stores yielded in this gun and
as you can see there's red splattered on
it from past soldiers who have fought
this with this gun they didn't die
though okay they fought the battle and
the color scheme is each color
represents a different thing right on
now I'm not letting you have this though
I know you want it but this is - now
everyone wants to know is that the
patriarchy that you first started with
or did it change into something else
it's actually changed because of
technical difficulties i was expecting
to use different things so this has
changed into the patrin ark named after
his first owner Patrick possibly that we
can go into later details if you guys
want I can tell you that store
now we have to see your gun it's Andrews
turn Wow like I told you guys before
this is called the home defense as you
can see it's got a nice oh it's kind of
like a not really a matte finish sound
like a camo green and the reason being
is go in the woods like say for example
this is my house and there's a dip
you're defending it go like this and
they won't see your gun who's back here
I don't that's Robert Redford okay so
you go in the trees like this and they
won't see you coming out I don't even
know you had a gun see and then the
other ones is because this shows you
like before the bullets go the white
outline okay okay and that's basically
the whole design is to protect you from
bad guys at your house this won't work
anywhere else this guns still a work in
progress it's taken a day and a half to
dry then as you can see it's just
pointless I don't know if this was real
spray paint or what but this is just
gonna have to be a later adventure
because not good right now moving on we
are going to try and open the nerf gun
an angel found a screwdriver see what's
inside and a lot of you guys in the
comments apparently we're telling us we
were painting them wrong we had to take
them apart and then paint them piece by
piece what were we thinking dude I don't
know we're just amateurs but we're gonna
open these up
also this ouch you're having some
problems yes why is this there's two
screws left but this doesn't fit in
there
on it the new and improved custom nerf
gun devised you just look close guys you
can make custom indentations to your gun
see I made a battle wound up you made a
hole in your gun yeah like I said this
is a battle used weapon right what other
mods do you want um that one which one
yeah I'm still working on this okay wow
that's kind of odd guys I'm trying to
take off this piece here we go exactly
what I want now it's perfect why is this
piece what does that go do it helps it
come out okay but it still is still
spins yep what's happening now Andrew
with your gun your new mods
I'm putting mods inside the pistol and
inside the piston inside the pistol so
that's what the inside of a nerf blaster
looks like if you were ever wondering I
think it's supposed to do that right I
said yeah I said didn't want that it was
kind of a nuisance I'm going to add a
mod the inside of the pistol which you
guys heard from looking into like okay
so that's part of the skeleton that's
not bad this is the firing mechanism see
how that works
I do know what mater you put it in here
we're gonna change what type of bullets
as thing shoots so this barrel is not
necessary anymore which we will need to
take out Andra has found his mod and we
are going to be showing you exactly step
by step how you can do this to your gun
as well should we do this out here
definitely okay well what is it that you
found or
I'm can see I told you I'm changing the
ammo type it went from a nerf gun to a
apple juice master by a unfortunately
the juice boxes that you gonna want are
an inch too big so you're gonna have to
take your juice box and cut it about
right there okay which I'll do now for
you guys alright cut your juice box okay
see now you have a juice box that'll fit
another very important step is you have
to have a spot for the juice to come out
so that's what the straw is for okay
makes sense so it looks like that
assemble it back together like that
you've got a custom juice blaster let's
see your battle stance leave a like if
you're scared right now and then what's
good about this gun is you can emit any
direction you see it looks like I'm
pointing that way but it's actually
pointing towards let's take a close-up
look see this is where it's actually
shooting so you can turn it that way and
baby and shoot the guy next to you like
on the juice blaster is one of the tapes
selling items in the military yeah feel
like do it around the corner right here
example okay so I could come around the
corner like this yeah I'll position it
like this I come around the corner I
shoot the guy standing right there with
a bunch of apertures so what mods are
you doing currently I'm making an X I've
already installed an extra barrel on
this gun let's take a look so we have
two barrels here I took your barrel
since you didn't want it I didn't yeah
throw it away so I also want to make
this a flying drone gun that I can
control and shoot enemies love okay so
how what's the plan this is going to go
here if any of you guys want to get out
notepads you can take notes
now the good thing about this drone is
it is a night drone so at night it can
spot has a scope here so you can
literally be running around and you have
this in your back pocket so you would be
like running around the battlefield once
you get the drone assorted back it comes
out as a close combat weapon as well so
say you run around the corner and your
friends there uh-huh
that was all fire that would scare me
plus like you could hit someone with it
yeah
like test ow see that hurts yeah
yeah if you guys want to do the drone
double-barrel mod it's a very good
weapon and powerful as well so imagine
if that drone could act a drone imagine
that helicopter could actually take off
with gun and it's one of the best
copters I've ever seen yeah throw it
right why doesn't it fly by the way one
of you guys sent this to us in the mail
it works but it doesn't fully work
unless we're doing something wrong but I
don't think we are well guys we hope you
enjoyed our customization our new mods
rash to thinking of doing some more mods
but they're gonna be even better than
these ones with better paint jobs yeah
but leave a like and leave some comments
down below of what mods you guys want to
see us do it could literally be anything
like what we just did applesauce mod
we'll take some of your guys comments
and do them in a future episode but this
was really fun I hope you guys liked it
though and if anybody knows how to do
these wobble balls let us know because
we have no idea we will have to figure
that hope to see you back here tomorrow
and goodbye
my eyes
