Wow welcome back everybody to blogs it's
been a long time coming you guys have
been leaving us so many comments telling
us through the overnight challenge in
the new woods fort we built so that's
what we're doing we got a bunch of
things to do though before we get to the
mountains right first up food cuz that's
important mm-hmm let's go and mix here
all right no guys I found what we need
check it out oh yeah well it comes with
ranch and oh there's like barely
anything in this bag though and it by
book that's like a handful and then
you're done we got water and some
beverages yeah
I think I've only got this eyeball we
get this here calm stomach or smooth
move comps to paint it yes actually
we're going with this flavor I think
watermelon line boo boo we just picked
out dinner whoa looked insane so we got
carne asada with veggies to cedar wooden
plank Salmons dinner's gonna be so good
yeah we're at Bass Pro because we're
gonna grab a few more supplies that we
need to make this challenge a success
Oh jeepers should we have a whole pack
of these are a captain's we're here to
get a cast iron pan because we're gonna
do some cooking we need a pan so we're
trying to decide which one is that one
it's good cuz he's pretty big and okay
today I'm at Sammy's let's get it all
right I think we got all the supplies we
need so we're headed up right now the
adventure of beginning guys
we just got to the dirt road guys now we
have to adventure up the mountain let's
do this
there's a good amount of snow up here
actually so we're hoping that all the
wood out here isn't wet so we're gonna
put four fire yeah oh man we have our
first visitor okay good right better
Wow
this road ow over here over there it is
windy up here I don't know if it's gonna
be windy in the canyon but we're ready
to brave all the elements right fellas
yeah I can just hear that way and that
sounds nasty yeah yeah you're getting
all our stuff packed so we each brought
backpacks we got a cooler of snacks
which we can go through later Nick made
some food as well
we got the shovel rake loppers extra
clothes sleeping bags snacks guys we are
set we're about ready to descend into
the canyon this is a nice little hack
Andrews using the backpack from our
short film saw Rihanna it comes in handy
we're going in the right way
somebody has to sit in seat rock
otherwise we can't know any further I
will and we have - what's the password -
sandwich sandwich we're good to go
after a nice little hike down the
mountain we have made it folks and snow
has made its way here as well
but home sweet home we got a lot of work
to do to expand this fellas yeah we do
all right so we're discussing what
renovations and planes we need to do
first
I remember reading a lot of comments and
a lot of you said to dig it out more yes
we need to do that because it's so windy
but inside this cave it's really nice
yeah so yeah we got a lot to do guys we
have moved all our stuff outside of the
fort right there because we're gonna do
some shoveling raking we're gonna try
and see if because that little tunnels
right there we're thinking if we maybe
move all this stuff there'll be a little
ventilation but we'll see
dust yes real dusty yeah but I feel like
I'm getting a lot of progress yeah
you're sitting down completely your
heads not hitting the ceiling yeah like
if we can get this all level like this
level back there I'd be sick because
like all fit back there so I stumbled up
on some bark here that would be good for
a fire starter but little duo Justin and
Andrew Nell I saved something from a
previous video they did so yeah we're
gonna use that so there's this down Bush
this would be good for like little
sticks and then just pass that if you
can see that big down tree I think we
could chop up and use for firewood okay
so it might not look like we dug a lot
out but take a look at this you can see
the old dirt line right there so you can
see how much more room we have and it's
a bigger air vent yeah we dug out the
back end there and smoke can go away all
right so we decided to put the fire this
is where it was last time and we're
putting it over here this time why well
now if it's right here we can sit back a
little further
like somebody sit here so I'm gonna sit
here maybe around over there and then we
get a bunch of rocks build up a wall so
the heat can radiate up and like stay in
this area plus I think the our best
shelter are these rocks so if we can be
in the rocks versus like out here with
the sticks all the trash you can just
make a like that branches and stuff you
just chuck up don't need any more
yeah what is this this is the fire
shield this is the heat reflector device
we made we're kind of hungry so we're
gonna get the tarp out set it down so we
can not get dirty even though we already
are
Wow Wow Wow
what is the time for sandwiches which
are in the core right there
Oh
graciously prepared for us chips San
Pellegrino limo not muy bonito Oh
beautiful image are they your spider
webs on your hat yeah I know
mmm so what do you say this is a strata
trick mm-hmm thank you Lord for this
food
mmm Oh crunchy peanut butter - I never
been hugged you being around I love that
let me try a chip
he's our barbecue how do we stop working
we need to fortify this wall otherwise
we're gonna freeze to death we have to
go rock hunting stick hunting exploring
because I actually found a cave and you
said you found one too right yeah a real
life cave all right you lazy idiots i'ma
get back to shore what is happening Nick
someone hurt himself so we need to make
sure he doesn't get this infected
first-aid kit is coming in handy there
Gert no keep on getting it these rocks
are sharp so I kind of like hit it when
I was shoveling yay thank you
huh okay the adventures begun I'm
showing you guys the cave I found over
here
this is the cave oh this so it's like
this rock fell on the other rock and
made like a little crevice found the
rock so we're rock hunting now okay guys
I just told everybody a new challenge
first person to find a golf ball wins
well haha I think we should do a new
challenge
what who can find the most golf balls
okay so I have one did you get back
whoa pull harder trying my hardest take
my hand take my hand I'm so strong
what's she got to do Andrew looks like
the only way down is through the slide
into this spike pit do you think I
should try yeah the only way down hello
what I don't know what kind of tree this
is but definitely interesting like and
subscribe
hey Andrew where's Justin you seen him
right here I don't know he just kind of
wandered off maybe we should try to find
him okay yeah we should probably find a
note actually turning it kind of dark oh
boy how do we distinguish his footprints
from ours okay
so so mine looks like Justin's got all
these lines what's yours look like
how about yours maybe that one was mine
this way okay are those yours no it must
be his Justin Justin huh what was that
Oh what was that
yes
that's dead huh I thought I was gonna
have to make camp in here
well if we don't get back soon we're
gonna have to you know getting patner
down slowly oh is that a bear's cave
right there some sort of weapon I'll get
one ready Andrew yes that is like
usually caves
it's like black in there so that means
it's at least somewhat to see I got like
the whole point here if something tries
to jump it I'm falling behind you
and Nick's in the back with his knife
okay careful careful
you just have to explore this before we
go back before the Sun Goes Down it's
moving in there can you get in
do good I can barely see you what is it
like should I come in
this is a big natural game they love
this surprise some creature is an
injured I know maybe it was at one point
but how's it looking out there it's good
oh Jesus let's scare me but it's just a
root what time did you say this one goes
down probably around 5 now guys what
it's for what so what is 4 p.m. we don't
even have enough firewood for the fort
tonight what we're gonna do
what are we been doing this whole time
hurry we need fire water we're gonna
freeze to death
yeah we can't see the Sun anywhere
because it's just about to go down the
horizon that's I don't even remember how
to get back
