well good morning guys welcome back to
vlogs hope you are doing so happy today
I'm doing great
currently um I'm here with a bunch of
girls guys Brittany started up this
group where a bunch of girls get
together and just you know which is a
fun little thing be created to create
community is a great word for it so
that's fun but I'm I'm not doing
anything with them I'm just here taking
pics so I got the cameras right here
let's take a look what we got working
with here
for all of the camera folks out there
got this is the main camera the canon
eos 70d 50 millimeter lens very nice
that's the only lens of you today we're
not using anything insane special just
getting you know shots
how many girls there are guys what do I
do
cooties alert right fellas am i right
alright I'm gonna go over here isn't it
just beautiful on the nature folks I
can't wait to get to the top though
we're going to the top of that rock yeah
this is sick
not a bad view up here huh all right
they're all down there chatting away
having a good old time I'm just chilling
out I'm kind of hungry now guys this has
been the best girls day Brett are you so
happy you can yeah I just got closer to
my inner girls yeah all done with the
hike and it is time for lunch now and
Brittany and I are craving some hot
wings oh yeah there's this place up here
we've only went to once it was actually
pretty good
it's called 503 W so we're going to see
if you're their wings are good
okay hold up get some coffee
first because apparently they have
brunch menu right now and the wings are
on that menu so we got that spring I
said we'll come back in 30 minutes
because I their wings do look really
good but there's this new coffee place I
don't know if it's actually new
but let's not you we have never been to
this I don't know why but it's so sounds
so cool loyal we've heard really great
reviews about it and just want to check
it out
this so cool cool atmosphere there we go
we got um coconut milk lattes iced
delicious yeah I can't get over this
atmosphere it's so fun in here and they
just actually opened up a month ago so
def gonna have to come back here Morris
oh my goodness I'd say one of the best
coffees I've had in a while here that
was superb and this is like seriously a
super photoshoot area this wall this
wall the concrete man five stars on Yelp
one thing that for anybody who lives in
Colorado you know that there's not many
local coffee shops in like north side of
Colorado Springs we're in the south side
and downtown area all the coolest places
are down here but where we live there's
like all the mainstream stuff it's like
I get to be more local stuff we're back
see this is why we wanted to come back
this sounds so good
I like the coffee so much I put a
sticker on here you guys justin is a
good guy go ahead it guy you're solid
human being
but it was so funny because we were like
just talking and then this like
Randleman little kid oh dude on the bike
shoutout to you bro who said hey to me
here
how have you saw us in here man just
walking past and I just hear my name and
he's on his bike oh so dudes check it
guys the wings have arrived I was not
expecting them to look like this but it
smells so good oh my god what is this
again just a
hybl ya know that guy back there
looks just like Gandalf am i right does
that Gandalf himself
it's lunchtime have a buy one get one
free coupon for modern market so we're
going to go get lunch
but this is it red box we watched Ghost
Busters the new one like a lot of the
reviews were saying it wasn't that good
but I actually enjoyed it I thought
Chris Hemsworth's character is pretty
funny but I think this is day three of
us having this movie it's about time to
return it I think that's how red box
makes most of their monies from people
not returning movies well this morning I
came out here to play with the nerf gun
to try and figure out how to get this
thing to work and I did a lot of you in
the comments were saying like turn on
the safety is on or off but we played
with this like the whole time and that
wasn't the problem that problem was this
was open and I think when it's open ya
see it doesn't work so you close it and
then oh come on
close this there see he's got like
clicking the place that's annoying but
check it out they can shoot pretty fast
too
we fixed it this is an annoying feature
see you like slides but it doesn't lock
you got to push it closed just in case
you were wondering
that's a nice day out today how are you
enjoying your first time at modern
market lunch was good moving on to the
Apple store some kind of looking at new
computers we'll see kind of my computer
right now is just this slowing down I've
had it since like first looks like new
year at college we're at Mary's parents
house now because we're picking up Isaac
we are going to boo at the zoo in a
couple hours which should be really fun
to the zoo Oh Buford yeah this is gonna
be a fun zoo trip one oh why wow this is
the Ninja Turtle outfits we got from
Nickelodeon so I'm gonna wear one and
you're gonna wear one yeah
Isaac say Star Wars The Force awakens
wasn't wasn't we can stage a good stop
Kate gasps real quick but check this out
on my car right there
I remember hitting anything I mean it's
just like white paint almost like
somebody like scraped a corner of it I
don't know that's kind of annoying yay
traffic this is my favorite I'm not even
like that close to the zoo yet yeah so
many Boo at the Zoo Desperados today
we're we going did it filmed the zoo
sighing yeah it's over there
right good job be like yeah right here
yeah cuz you're Ninja Turtles costume
yours comes with a mask lucky yep
mine didn't come in the mask you got
your costume on yeah let's go wait I
gotta put mine on okay ah
are you ready yep I'm ready Ninja
Turtles wait where's your pumpkin we
gotta get your pumpkin who's ready to
get some candy me let's go get some I
think these people have candy up here
it's a robot
look you just scrap some candy can't
that okay thank you robot alright let's
go this costume is actually really
really warm so I am very thankful for
these huge muscles
you
are you gonna pet the goat no wanna
pucks ago then why'd you come in look
look at this coat this is a cool setup
they have og buddies I always feel like
these birds are gonna hit you mean work
why so close there have been so many
Ninja Turtle outfits here I was I did
not expect that I would say Ninja
Turtles are the number one costume this
year
look another another Ninja Turtles ninja
turtle ninja turtle
goodbye Zoo also for all the new viewers
who haven't met Isaac before just want
to say Isaac is Mary's brother I know
some of you people haven't you know seen
Isaac before our new viewers are
probably wondering who he is it's a
little later now it's about 7:00 p.m.
and Brittany and I are going to hit up
the jacuzzi now we haven't been in a
while so we get out but first get a
quick coffee in the community center
free coffee yes some caffeine at 7
o'clock no big deal yes so nice thank
God for jacuzzis
feels so relaxing and good on the
muscles especially when you're sore just
a good way to end the night at night
today plus is a good view here are good
vibes all around if you can come to
delete front legs when you come to Isaac
wanted to call Justin and ask if he'd
come to dinner with us
so he's facetiming adjusting right now
when you come thank you for the invite
okay all right well hey tell him by Pat
for some dinner our friend Nick works
here he's a waiter so hopefully he's
here we can say hi hey guys my name is
Nick I'll be your server this evening
okay Chelsea drink
what did you get why did you fly oh
those are pretty good huh yep so it just
dropped Isaac off at his house and I
made the mistake of saying the sleepover
word when we were in his presence and he
was he was pretty upset he's like I went
to sleep at your guys's house I'm like
oh whoops well I think that's the end of
the vlog so thanks for watching thanks
for coming back every day and hanging
out with us and I just wanted to stress
how important it is to surround yourself
with good people people who are going to
build you up rather than break you down
so I hope you guys are doing that and
we'll see you back here next time all
right please
