good morning guys welcome back to the
vlogs we're back at Target
yeah we're starting up the vlog here why
well if you guys thought yesterday for
the quick segment we found a nerf gun we
wanted your guns we wanted because we've
made some nerf guns in the past and you
guys really liked them and some new ones
came out so we're gonna have some goofy
fun time today which one of you guys is
desperate to be a bottle of sriracha
Christmas Christmas Halloween yeah that
was - I guess you found the nerf section
yes guys would you find the two newest
guns Atlas and make chaos now it doesn't
matter if you're an adult or if you even
don't like nerf guns nerf guns are fun
to play with it doesn't matter what age
you are these are more fun on the other
nerf guns we could exactly are for ages
14 in up on the reason why these are fun
we like nerf guns we used to play with
these type of guns when we were younger
and now these are like upgraded and way
cooler so yeah we're still kids at heart
guys but which guns we can't do it
because we don't have either of these we
just may have a problem both the shotgun
in the ultra barrel walk I was just
telling Andrew he should get these guns
instead Oh why I don't don't you guys
think he should try these out I mean he
could look almost as cool as her stay
box they have this one this one and oh
the Ultimate Edition this one's the
series is called rebound or real-life
laser tag nope you can even get custom
bullets for you and your sisters
whoa you look fabulous okay sorry we're
going to check out now we have both of
the guns but we bought something extra
which we'll show you guys at home which
will make this evening even more fun
before we continue a blog we just
created a new song for you guys are you
ready yeah
it's based off one of our neighbors we
just saw him outside and it was playing
three two three two one Oh in the weeds
on mowing the weed's mowing the weed's
I'm going the weeds mowing the weed's a
mowing the weed's everybody knows on the
hood of the weeds we will make this into
a full song you can download it as a
ringtone or he was outside mowing his
weeds there was no grass so Louise
mowing the weed's mowing the weed
well you can start seeing that if you
want guys oh no we just your parents
during dinner it's mowing the weed's I'm
going to eat everybody knows on low and
no weeds hi so we got out the guns but
I'd you guys know we have two other
right two other nerf guns yeah and we
have a fun idea well do other nerf guns
yes so this is one this is the auto one
beer Fritz scared of it but we have a
what's the cool idea we have whoops
let's show you guys actually we have
five total now yeah but this one gene
like you want yeah I don't know what
haven't hips okay first of all it's
clearing off I'm not sure what we're
Andrew went Buford ran out of the house
and I think Andrews like chasing after
him or something oh but I did fix the
gun Jam so the gun works now this bullet
was stuck in it and it broke now so at
least we got it fixed you're back back
where'd you go chasing after Buford
everybody loves custom things and so
that is a cool idea we just had
a gold nerf gun so we have some Gold's
breaking here yep there we go you got
that right stock and we have some guests
for today's episode of nerf buddies
buddies guys here's look here's the
thing we bought at Target that we didn't
show yet whoa the world hole it's a
Bubble Ball it looks like a bubble plays
like ball bubble ball it's Bubble Ball
all right open that open it up this is I
don't really get how this thing works
guys we're trying to blow it up and it
makes no sense apply petroleum jelly to
valve and then insert nozzle we've been
trying to do this and it doesn't work so
we're going to just deal with that later
we have five total now which one are we
open first all right double little
little than the double shotgun welcome
back to the unboxing sisters what all
right
the official review is about to happen
just don't know how this thing goes in
that's right
up yes fucked up up yeah yeah it happen
from right way ah good ah to care well I
want to be shot you here first
turn around shoot you on the other gun
fine
turn around no turn around
oh well although it's not painful just
better thank you
yeah you boys alright let's get to the
next Gunny Ohio chaos M XVI 4,000 rival
this is the biggest baddest war yeah guy
don't get too crazy now pull this clip
though hey Wow stop out stop Judean got
the extended mag in the old Edition
that's pretty cool let's see the final
Gold Edition this is it whoa
that's pretty cool you have to extend Oh
maghen Gold Edition yeah give me the
extended mag get your own a spinning
that is my extended mag that is a beast
nerf gun with the extended mag fire is
so fast that they're so easy to lose hey
hold fire
blues and bullets
okay so this one takes six D cell
batteries which we didn't get but
anyways I have fully configure how to
put this to be okay ouch and puffa
what I know you can do it I believe in
you
era needs this for Ivor
it was like that
no no they make you sit there you go
Oh minke would you be scared if you saw
me on the battlefield very scared back
off
Aaron's got a good hat that's just so he
doesn't get shot in the eyeball which
already happened just in King Soopers
real quick to get some D batteries you
get it I think is that that correct yes
the nerf 'mobile has arrived and I gotta
load up the batteries upon a broken gun
it's not turning on who has one of these
e knows overdoing it can't be
complicated this is for kiddies please
work ah
this is gonna be so fun I'm so funny men
yes Elmo dropped all the bullets help me
aah
we're playing nerf guns this is your
battles at the playground or battles
playground the Golden Gun nice we got
red team over there and blue and gold
team we'll start over there and you guys
start over there and run across the sand
yeah we'll count down yeah you can't
wear those if you want to run fast okay
you guys ready go
I hear you
Wow
I'll save you I got Aaron oh I'm in it
ah I'm all out of it how do you stop
bullets left
ah
goodbye gun we have to figure out how to
use the new gun we're not sure why it's
not working but we're going to we're
going to fix it and make it work
otherwise we're returning it all the way
oh we need to watch some video online
this shouldn't be that complicated you
know what I mean these are all their
kids toys and we can't figure it out
imagine jelly we used aloe vera instead
imagine if we had kids and they were
wanting to play with us so bad it would
be so dis is re kids so the company had
to complicate things this wobbles went
past my ears yeah but I have another fun
idea since we have so many extra nerf
guns if we made some custom painted nerf
guns and did I'll make one Andrew makes
one we get a bunch of colors in another
episode that'd be fun I'm down but we
gotta get one that works well Aaron has
like a zillion as well oh yeah those are
that's okay oh yeah leave any other
ideas you guys have that you want to see
us do with nerf guns or just blow a ball
and we'll do something yeah we like
playing toys
you
you
