good afternoon everybody welcome back
we're making a fort you guys a lot of
you guys are constantly desperate for
forts we love building forts and so of
course yeah here we are today's
adventure is going to be a target they
have a pretty terrible for tile so we
wanted to see if our fort making skills
could work in a target toilet-paper
section how much would it cost to buy
this whole bin of buckets she's really a
dollar sign
young wicked girl the pumpkin poison and
audio for tents and be funny if we just
tried to fit in one of those things yeah
I found a toilet paper I didn't see any
we finally found it the new birth rivals
yeah they have this one which is new and
this one look is have one two three four
cylinders a whale with a double shot
it's like a shotgun really dude I love
that
AHA this is actually not bad for target
style it's not the best but this is me
oh she has to move we're starting
we're gonna build it in this corner but
if you guys take a look upstairs
there's cameras literally everywhere
just by us building forts in stores I
think we make it actually look nicer
like look at this perfect like alignment
it's set up like
we're always nervous starting out the
forts because people walk by employees
walk by and since the fort's have been
getting so big in the community many
people have been doing it so we don't
know if this has happened already before
and on the lookout that looks really
good
we have to move that little piece right
there and we can get in at all Wow
there we go
hi guys I am in the fort now we cleared
it out a bit I'd say it looks pretty
good as far like although it's not that
big it's still coming plus we got these
walls and we don't even have to put
extra toilet paper here because they
built walls for us I thought of a cool
idea we could do so since this is like a
mini 12 paper form we can build in a few
different sections we can find some more
forts throughout the store and make this
just a multiple for building episode you
can come now my near destroyed the fort
I do copy what this little boy playing
around with his imagination and just
rammed into the wall I know I might
moved I wasn't filming but alright
if he knocks it down and sees me huh
there's also a window here we need so if
we get delivery we just go yes you can
drop it off here Thanks
we made it out successfully of the
toilet before now on to the next for the
baby stroller for this has been one of
my favorite for us we've built before if
you've seen that previous video it's
just so much room in here I think I
found an opening shall I go in shout
I'll keep watch
okay okay I have to clear more space I
was standing here looking at these
strollers and I thought someone left
their iPhone here I was like huh but is
this is a cardboard this is the door I'm
going in oh shut the door this is the
lounge room excepting this side is way
wide open yeah that's why we for work on
but I can fix this big hole right here
yeah I can you please do that you see
this uh-huh I can push it huh dangers
making his way into no-man's land a big
hole here
up close interview with Andrew hey
everybody
closing off the sector seven check it
out we have expanded to great measures I
love that these ceilings are wood this
is comfy one a while oh I
these are mattresses what we need to get
one of those a lay down on them linear
yeah
can we make room for that we have to
let's do it okay
hello
would you like to come in our fort I'm
just an over here
Justin's trying to expand and he's
pushing a box and it fell out probably
these mattresses aren't that big
they're for babies yeah if we can get a
mattress in here we do the painless
thing be so comfy
I'm stuck mattress is too loud by the
way let's go back here and you can push
it over here one mattress delivery yes
thank you
this is a baby mattress kind of work but
it's really loaded this is the smallest
mattress I ever seen I wish I could have
a mattress you can try 24 hours in
target would be the bastard you got a
match
what
right pretty good this is so nice cuz if
we had pillows and wow I could sleep all
night
what fortune we built next we should
build a strange one Oreos or sodas or
something
yeah employee I just can't move cuz this
mattress is very noisy do a test move
we're gonna move on to a new fort now so
I put the mattress back s we don't need
it anymore
imagine if you just saw this a grown man
coming out of the stroller section would
you be concerned moving on to the next
idea now we want to do something we have
never done before we've seen some
comments actually this isn't the soda
area but close enough this build a fort
under there it's like a little bunker
waiting capri-sun
let's see let's see you build let's
build the walls remember we need two
layers the good thing is there's not
that much so it should be very easy is
that the door I'm not done yet
first-ever kool-aid capri-sun for Kara
go folks
what's with the feet if you just walked
by and saw this
is this a spy to the spies own the worst
sport bar none at me oh I can't barely
move in here you're basically camouflage
huh hey guys welcome to the kool-aid
tour this is going to be an exciting
segment in the vlog check out my pad so
I got my feet nice room here and uh well
that was it guys
oh yeah oh I don't know you're stuck in
there just the reverse mode
I'll hold the walls up so they don't
fall you did it Wow
what was it down there No
when I was a kid I used to hide inside
the clothes racks to hide from my
parents really yeah I go in here and but
God they can't see me even though you
can clearly see my feet Andrew ran off
I'm not sure where he went but I thought
I might go shopping right now like look
for some shirts while I wait for Andy to
show up looks like some good deal here
too what the
then have a sighs see a target it was
fun I don't know how sometimes we don't
get caught I mean we were making so much
ruckus in there and no one said anything
and then other times we don't even get
to building a fort yet we get cotton
chuck-e-cheeses how does 24 hours and
tricky cheese's sound guys we're trying
to think of more force to do right now
should we go to Ross or Safeway uh-uh
Ross is mainly clothes yeah
we have ventured into Big Lots now so I
have a little bit of everything here
we'll see what we can find
there's no forts to build in here there
might be a bedsheet for it over there
really we can try here are the bedsheets
I hope you guys are still watching
because this is going to be one of the
top segments of the week all right let's
see wait but did you find it oh I'm left
try attempt number two I'm guessing
these are all gonna fall off because
he's gonna bump him push
oh man I really need a new bed sheet for
the bed I like this color
let's have a great tour dude show us
it's way too close I'm trying to do a
tour that's the tour guys is very
crammed on the second story here what I
think you should do a 24-hour for right
there I could sleep in here not why like
I'm comfortable it's just there's no
room in here that's a great fort here be
honest I could sleep all night pretty
comfy but the lack of oxygen is
concerning well that was interesting
yeah now for life if we do a part two we
can do some one on that one someone on
that one someone on that one and so
there is so strange here in you me yeah
if you guys want to see that leave a
like it'd be so funny well that's the
end of the video thanks for watching I
know you guys are excited for more 24
hour videos and more force they're
coming soon yeah we have some great
ideas they're gonna be so fun get pumped
and yeah I guess we'll see you back here
tomorrow yeah audio everyone
