hey everybody welcome back to blocks
Andrews driving right now yeah so I'm
not looking at the camera whoa hey guys
let's hold it so it doesn't fall off the
dash tell everybody where we're going
right now how excited we're driving up
to Denver because we have an audition
but it's fun about this audition because
we're actually doing it together yeah
why have you guys didn't know we're part
of an agency up in Denver a talent
agency and Colorado isn't really a place
where like a lot of film stuff happens
it's mainly like commercial stuff so
usually when we go on auditions they're
potentially for the same role but we
never do roles together so this is cool
it's like so it's it's supposed to be
sort of like a comedic itll commercial
but it's about saving for retirement for
the young the young uns you guys saving
for retirement raise your hand
now it it'll be it's a goofy one they're
looking for goofy guys and I hope they
hire us because that'd be really fun and
you guys can watch the commercial when
it's out I think it's like for online
stuff oh yeah on the right as well so
we're driving up to Denver right now
about an hour drive and you know
currently we're kind of in some traffic
so we both have it pulled up on our maps
where we need to go my phone just went
up it says arrival for 27 what time does
yours say for 28 for 27 now before said
Ford
yeah mine sets for 20 nevermind this was
great wherever are the same then our
auditions at 4:35 guys oh that's no time
to practice the practice now Ethan we
have made it with time to spare as well
and I think we don't the payment parking
table we have to pay for parking never
mind seven minutes remaining
but Denver yes so cool down here yeah
this is very neat I want to shoot a
movie in here why
are you nervous
I didn't order Star Wars it's our turn
guys well we did it guys
Oh different interview Edition than
we've done before because usually when
we have done auditions it's just one
camera angle
yeah he got close-ups and everything
which was unique and then we had to
switch roles so yeah pretty fun check it
out this is a cool zone at night all
these lights this would look cool
just got back home and it is time for
dinner I am very hungry right now and
Brittany has been home she prepared a
meal and it looks fantastic
what do you got on the menu today so
good Daisy wants them as well but she
can't have sorry Daisy good luck guys
guys this morning I am taking Aaron to
the hospital because got surgeries today
for finger let's take a look
taking actually it's still pretty
swollen I know especially since I'm hard
to see on camera but two weeks ago it's
still a lot bigger than the other yeah
so what are they gonna do explain really
quick okay so it's not a surgery where
they go in and put pins they just put
this long wire in and it moves the bone
and it puts in place oh okay
but he's gonna be an anesthesia so I'm
gonna pick him up and just he can't
drive obviously right but I wanted to
show you guys this Aaron went to a trump
rally yesterday yeah I wanted to go
really bad but we had our audition
yesterday and it was it would have been
like kind of close you would have missed
it the parking was terrible really yeah
I went by myself I still have tons of
fun we're not saying we are voting for
Trump it's just it's always fun to go to
political events like yeah I mean you
only get these chances you know
once every four years so I'm not very
trillions of cool opportunities like
this yeah so like these hats are going
to be a collectible I think so yeah
senator holy boob iron have a good time
so it's about nine o'clock I got to pick
Erin up at 11:30 so I'm probably just
chill out here for a little bit play
some battlefield like Buford what are
you doing new foods my buddy mmmh good
bleep you food you watch Aaron now okay
he's gotten technically you're not
supposed to be alone for 24 hours so I
think he's gonna stay here our parents
are actually in Ohio so yeah so yeah so
you can't really be home by yourself
somebody's right now but ah battlefield
but Aaron can't play well that's the end
of the vlog thanks for watching about
these chips are really good guys anyways
before we end we want to give you
something really you want to show you
something use so if you guys know or
we've been watching recently we shot a
short film with Rasmus from Sweden we
have a little preview to show you guys
it's not much it's like 30 seconds yeah
but we we thought you guys would enjoy a
sneak peek at our newest short film
coming out next month maybe just a
quickie so check it out what about you
you got a girlfriend
married I got a wife saw Rihanna I'm
looking for her what happened about a
month ago we are at our home and trummer
came in and took her i've been following
their steps ever since i think i know
where they are
I'm gonna get her back
and I hope you guys like that yeah
what we can't tell you is it's a dramedy
yeah so expect some laughs but it's also
serious as you can tell so stay tuned
for a full trailer maybe in two weeks
yeah that's about right so that'll be
great oh what's this oh we have a letter
guys let's just open a letter we haven't
done this in a while
this is a fan mail letter Tyler um his I
can't remember if it was a close friend
of his but they sent it to him and he
gave it to us so we just went over it
Justin Andrew sup thank you for being
the truest of true homies the YouTube
scene needs more people like you to run
the world Wow thank you
I watched your blogs every day which is
cool it was over cool when Tyler told me
he knew you someday I'll probably end up
in Denver then we can meet which would
be awesome but yeah I'm not famous or
anything but here's two t-shirts of mine
for fun but yeah that's about it
so stay true and stay cool from Kayla
here is okay okay I will be wearing this
this is cool but thanks for the fan mail
we'll be opening up some more fan mail
soon guys so few of Senate don't worry
like we said that's the end of the vlog
uh I don't really I don't know but yeah
I just hope you guys have a great rest
of your day morning afternoon whenever
you're watching this and we'll see you
guys back here tomorrow all right
congratulations oh sorry
right Oh congratulations yeah I just
want
oh yeah just great job that's why you're
welcome
you
