well good morning everybody welcome back
to vlogs it is a beautiful day here in
Colorado Saturday and the Sun is out
clear skies and we're up here in the
mountains
Mount Hermon right now we drove up here
we got Daisy in the call see you right
there then there's Britney she's filming
as well we brought some lunch we're
gonna hike up have some lunch and this
is Daisy's first official a full hike so
I'm really excited to take her and she's
gonna be a fun day so let's get going
Daisy's leading the way I don't have a
hand too fast bugs off my face mm-hmm
are they attacking you because of the
food yeah we got a salad and a sandwich
it was kind of leaking so you got to get
to the top and eat this Daisy
someone made a fort up here this is
sweet
let's go in date feel like I'm on a
movie set arena the revenant got my
trusty old dog basically at the top as
you can see the tree line here in the
sky I did this hike before with my dad
and I didn't vlog it though but there's
some really cool lookouts with rocks and
that's where we're gonna get eat our
lunch and hang out
I'm surprised Daisy she's doing so well
she's been leading the way this whole
time
how you doing back there Britt here yeah
guys if if you live anywhere scenic you
should definitely go on hikes more or do
something wherever your city is wherever
you live there's something unique to
every city so got to take advantage of
it but if you ever come to Colorado the
hikes up here are
the best and the air up to - yeah just
like it smells so great fresh air
some spot with this challenge he's got
some water for lunch we got a chicken
sandwich and a Thai coconut salad and
then Daisy has yeah got a nice view here
to take a few days I was getting a
little spicy in the Sun so we moved over
here in the shade and we got a backrest
with the rock finishing up the salad
here I think Dave he like Cersei's well
he's good hot I put the camera on a tree
branch so that's why it's moon we're
making our way back down the mountain
now that spot we were at eating lunch
was kind of off trail and so we it took
us like 10 minutes to get back on trail
we're like where are we not really lost
I knew I just had to figure out the
fastest way to get back up but we're
about control now and guys look what I
found
okay there's a bridge and it leads to
this abandoned for someone bill keep in
mind this is in the mill the woods
whoever built this is awesome
literally it's like a fork so cool then
I got a fire pit in here man this must
have taken a while because the idea all
these branches of wood
alright guys if I was stuck in the woods
this would be a perfect place Oh
who's there I think we have intruders
guys who goes that
would you like to come to the fort
that's right because you need permission
from the fort king
and then there's this other headquarters
not sure what this is but maybe a
seeking day all right this has been your
random fort excursions in the middle of
the woods see you next time
look how good Daisy is doing Daisy are
you waiting for me
I made it bad guys who a wave of
tiredness literally just hit me I'm at
sprout really thirsty so I want just
like a drink or snack or something here
we are now what do I want
back at the apartment and we just had
dinner and now we are watching blind
spot on Hulu that's probably one of our
favorite shows top favorite shows right
now on TV really good and this is what
we're about to have I found this at the
store and it sounded really good organic
root beer with water kefir I don't know
sounds kind of interesting and of course
double chocolate chip Gua keys and we're
back we're back but today is a very
special day one oh why I know why me too
tonight's like that really will really
release yeah is it yeah this game comes
out on the 21st and today let's say 13
so the 17th anything that comes out
tonight at Best Buy 10 o'clock it's 9:30
right now so we have to get there so you
want to be the first to get this plus I
think it's awesome because it says you
eat the put since we bought the
pre-order than early enlist res addition
you get to play three days early but
technically we're paying four days
earlier so if you're getting it on the
17 makes sense
yes I've been waiting for this game my
whole life I haven't well do you guys
watch our op beta gameplay on the goop
squad gaming channel if so then you know
how fun it is and if so you know we're
gonna make more so how many more gaming
bits are you making many many more so
guys come subscribe to go squad gaming
for epic things oh and we're meeting
eran uh eran samia's hair hopefully yes
so their best buy is awesome I'm sure a
lot of stores are doing this game stop
as well but they're staying open late or
opening up later we can't leave until
10:00 yeah but one nothing will ever
beat that GTA release party but they oh
yeah
your keV pizza I was crazy til 10 yes oh
yeah that's totally fine I'll make sure
you telling everyone yes early enlist er
done dinner this is so exciting
any of you out there getting this as
well ps4 or Xbox one man there's
surprisingly there's not that many
people here not as many as anticipated
but that's fine you're free to leave
Andrew yes okay thank you
what you say about this man I said it's
heaven hope you guys aren't too upset
Aaron didn't show up I'm pretty he lied
to us
well he missed out sorry Aaron I just
got to give a quick shout out to my boy
Kevin for making it on the cover of
battlefield one man he is doing huge
things first it started with the i sexy
army now Kevin Kevin LaShawn everybody
he made it on the cover of this video
game he is doing huge things guys so
congrats keV man what is that easy every
time you get a new game cuz she's just
intrigued at this ps4 don't turn it off
every time you get a new game there's
always some sort of update and it takes
not forever but this one's a little okay
no you can't have a cookie Garvey well
guys that's it for today's vlog
thanks for coming back and hanging with
us yeah
but we haven't done comments with the
day in a while so quick comment of the
day more just do how does it feel that
your entire comments section is made up
of like this and nothing will happen
posts and do 24 hours in some idiotic
impossible place of Sharia
51 I was going to say something about
this actually why because I've been
seeing so many comments that have
nothing to do with our videos it's just
a swarm of like this comments for no
reason bla bla bla bla bla which I don't
know where they came from but there's
some sort of trend but whatever so we
appreciate the comments that you guys
put thought into the actually relate to
the video so love you both
well thanks it's Alaia Alaia but we'll
let you guys go and enjoy the rest of
your day to night thanks for watching
and we'll see you back here tomorrow
peace out fight
you
