hey guys welcome back to another 24 hour
video
we're staying all night in this insane
asylum just look at that thing huh but
we're gonna be live-streaming most of
our 24 hour or four videos from now on
so if you want to follow us on live me
in the description also we're doing
another $500 giveaway for Amazon so we
did one last week and it was so much fun
so you just gotta click the link down
there Lord JC Studios comm you can enter
to win let's get inside
yes garrison goes away this insane
asylum is in West Virginia so was saying
this was in operation until 1994 yeah
things that right 94 there were people
anything any snakes
we're staying all night here and
exploring there's 200,000 square feet to
go explore so we got these farms telling
you while you're getting admitted to
didn't see this I don't my recent
sunstroke did you get bad with bad
whiskey it has started
this is tools like all the rules the
stuff Makena can't do we have blood
it's time to explore
oh great
right
you can't see me oh wow you can't kinda
she's telling us yeah she told us that
there is a double suicide in this room
when this is up and running
are we going in do look at this a
Christmas tree hello this is weird love
she's a real-life Ghost Adventures
John fear and her beauty please Donald
flashlights for me okay now mother
scifi4me okay get it on
yeah so that lady was using equipment
and she was having like the rods move
yeah from something like when you're on
the helicopter you see this cab isn't
sold on the on the rods so we're trying
to find more evidence they found an eye
chart if you want to check your vision
in the dark you can do that we're
exploring different rooms each room is a
little bit different oh yeah also I
brought the prank camera which has my
vision mode which isn't you so forth but
I think there's like how many floors did
she say there were four floors and
around each floor up like our hour and a
half so we're exploring the first floor
and all these rooms
little toy that's my atom very scary no
Keith Keith didn't do anything
holy it's kind of sad that these are
like kids rooms yes like this one so
small sorry guys
yeah I mean look at this view with us by
moving this ball and sometimes I'll eat
around okay it's a good idea all right
there's anybody in here who wants to
talk to us just move out all we're doing
a live stream inside live not me here we
are
what's up guys what's up I'm just kind
of exploring around this area but this
is like the kids area there's like lots
of toys set up it's kind of creepy like
for example that one
huh look over there call me here why
we're in the doctor's quarters so I
guess this is where they come well they
can have like afternoon tea and stuff
what see if anyone else notices him yeah
we're a night vision mode let's see what
we can see
so there's a shadow figure on this
it's like a piece of wood hanging there
oh yeah it's weird
all right now we're in the violent
woman's hallway the lady was saying
sometimes that if a boy is too closer on
the girl than them the girls get jealous
or something of the sort what's going to
explore a room you want coming here what
oh my gosh why why
this is so weird
oh this person's room has a cool feature
you can go in here
I'm locking myself in I'm trapped in
here you guys are going insane Wow
there's something outside the door hey
everybody
anybody in here give me here you know it
let us know your round
which is about sugar
I felt my head go Kimmy so it okay is
there anybody in here that wants to talk
just give us some kind of signals and a
lovely something inside know so many
secrets in here
I've been good please let me out
Chloe oh that's creepy you want the door
closed go bye
you're thinking about taking a shower
moving up to the next floor now I don't
know man why no evidence no evidence
here on the fourth floor now it's
supposed to be the most activity up here
so we'll see
hello do tell one of the other
investigator come in here cuz you're
some newsroom today
sevens we're going to sit down listen
see if we hear anything we're going in
to the left yeah yeah how we're doing so
it's this room guys I knew something
nothing happened in that room not what
to tell you
Mary and I are in this room by ourselves
and cache shut the door on us let's just
take a look around the room there's a
wheelchair here my view as you can see
it's like a really foggy outside so it's
like the pertinent enough that it's like
a perfect atmosphere yes I came on again
I like it
thank you honey thank you John Besh
lighter make this green light after it
thank you Kevin you're not sold on the
flashlights or on this is sick this
night-vision dad is so you look so exist
I like so weird
pathetic you tell me where my eyes oh oh
oh
ghost
shut up this chocolate all of our names
right next to each other that would be
creepy one more floor to explore and we
will see what happens
kept downloaded first to happen what's
it called ghost radio yeah we're going
to test out our last four we'll see if
they talk to those dudes hi Brian
do you like to dance can you dance for
us like is that your shirt or something
anybody in here you can talk us through
this app here well somebody else what do
you say say it again
is anybody in here what's your name wait
the ghost said my name
hold on give me this we have to go
deeper tunnel dungeons yeah I don't know
how accurate or how reliable or real
this happens but that was kind of weird
no further evidence we're moving on to a
new room we're playing around with Kev's
app we don't know how reliable this app
is but we didn't were playing around in
the room and then we were looking back
at the clips and it sounded like the guy
was saying get out so what do we do we
went deeper into the room but we didn't
know what it said until afterwards we're
showing some other guy we do this they
get out so I don't know about this app
though it did definitely say get out
I think that's it for the insane asylum
we're ahead now now I think it's about
6:00 in the morning and like how foggy
it is out here they can really see that
on camera ho what snow yeah it's so
foggy out here that last room got
everyone a little bit spooked out so
we're heading out now the scariest part
of the night for me Mary and I were
standing in a room by ourselves look Oh
with the wheelchair yeah I was staring
at the wheelchair I was like please just
move it would just be so freaky but so
fun and I didn't want it to be married
into tearing out the window sure not the
window but the way she was looking it
looked like she was staring right at me
so when I turned her face she was just
staring straight in my eyes it freaked
me out so bad so Mary you scared me more
than any ghost of that well it's morning
now and asylum is pretty fun we didn't
have anything too crazy happened to us
like we didn't see any ghosts or figures
or anything or anything kind of like
that but what did happen we had the lady
with the rod sticks I forget what you
call them but you don't know if she was
she was kind of like moving her body in
her hands too so we don't know like how
legit those ones were and then the same
lady had the flashlight set up and they
were turning on and off so that was a
little bit more like oh okay and then
lastly we had Kevin's $2.00 app which it
said some things but who knows how legit
and trustworthy that app is it could
have just easily been some pre-recorded
sounds or something either way it was
exciting it was a fun adventure I hope
you guys enjoyed it and like I said at
the beginning follow us on live me down
below in the description and you can
join on these broadcasts because we have
a few more 24 hour videos that we're
going to do that are going to be really
fun as well so come back for those
thanks for watching I'll see you guys
next time alright peace
