what's up guys welcome back to vlogs
hope you're having a great day meri and
I are at the airport right now take a
look we are actually flying to a
different state but we're doing another
24 hour video and forth Mary Mary's
coming
unfortunately Justin Brittany weren't
able to join us on this one but we're
meeting up with some other people so
stay tuned to figure out who that is
we're hungry sorta know get lunch
lunch time mod market I'm so glad this
is in the airport now Amy got
chick-fil-a now yes it's the best
today's travel gear of choice minions
backpack this actually came in handy
thanks Walmart our flight is delayed
about thirty minutes so I guess that
means clash tournaments
hey is a Rory
never for me No
we do yeah I wanted the otter clean legs
I wonder where they're going
what I was yawning and what I mean we're
here I mean we're in Pittsburgh that's
where the adventure is starting okay
since it's October which is a month of
Halloween it's fun to do like creepy or
scary type of videos so for this 24 hour
video we're going to an abandoned insane
asylum and staying the night it's in
West Virginia but we're meeting up with
people here in Pittsburgh so right now
we're calling an uber and we're driving
over to person's house this is both our
first time in Pittsburgh so far I don't
know pretty good I guess
so we are here with keV my hair is
probably wild I was a streaming I'd head
my head drags out vision I cook took my
dreads out and I cut them I cut my hair
down I miss them already
I know sorry your kids has hair all they
don't think yeah okay yeah but I'm ready
it's time to go get the last light it's
gonna be awesome but yeah I want to get
some real evidence
whoa von d if there is anything strange
going on in fact we won't see anything I
hopes we at least hear something oh oh
boy you're something even if it's just
in their brains boom and the road trip
begins we're driving to West Virginia
now Oh gives you got a Manning the
vehicle we're gonna drive almost as long
there were about thirty minutes from the
insane asylum or stopping his snacks
because be there all night so yeah he
made it to the insane asylum there it is
we're going to do this kind of the
trampoline one where we're the vlog it
seemed like the traveling and stuff so
the next thing you'll see is kept
dancing tomorrow morning so we'll pick
up the vlog in the morning yeah we're
going to start this so if you want to
see this come back next time alright
it's morning now or driving back to
Pittsburgh we spent what time is it
we spent like all morning afternoon
talking about last night talking about
if the stuff we encountered was real or
if it was just you know not to punky you
mind the bunking so here's the road
this is Kev's corvette if you guys
didn't know he wrapped it in gold yeah
oh man yeah oh yeah nice yeah God
doesn't I know this is all so our flight
leaves tomorrow like in the morning so
we're checking into a hotel here in
Pittsburgh and the view right now is so
cool
oh yeah we can go outside Oh tripped
thanks also cool plus the inside of the
hotel is really cool as well
here we are that's really we yes okay
let's take a look outside we can kinda
see the city yeah that's cool
we're just chillin in the hotel room
waiting for Kevin because he went to the
gym which I'm really proud of keV he's
been going to the gym every single day
he said he's on day like 22 now so good
job Kevin hitting up the gym everyday
trying to be more healthy also I changed
my shirt because I spilled Mary's
leftover food from lunch all over it and
I got stained everywhere I think we're
going to maybe try and see a movie
tonight and then maybe after that go to
a casino and just hang out for a little
bit but that's about it we're just kind
of chilling guys I haven't looked at the
footage from last night yet and I'm
really excited to check it out and make
a video I think it's gonna turn out
really fun it was just such a insane
experience we're getting ready to go but
we're watching TV and of course they're
doing a Ghost Adventures Marathon on TV
yeah I think so it's a new intro
for downtown now we're getting food this
tire on
alright alright
Jessica mango curry did Sean
Oh bad die dad dinner was good rush
you're gonna skip going to a movie just
go straight to the casino it's like a
mile walk this isn't too bad so Jeremiah
we're driving it was like a 30 minute
walk yay
no I'm right here yeah yeah yeah II got
hey Michelle
hi guys
I was trying to film at the table some
cameras at Roulette you win some you
lose some
played a little bit of blackjack as well
it's pretty late or early however
whatever your style is of calling
midnight but we're going to bed because
our flights at 8:40 in the morning so
it's not like super early but we got to
get up around 6:00 I guess so
good night we are home now and I kind of
wish that real-life traveling was like
vlog traveling where you could just
teleport from place to place because it
makes you tired so we kind of just like
took a nap I didn't take a nap you did
homework ish stuff I took a nap at
Mary's parents house cuz they had to
Isaac they went to the zoo today then
they well I think so hey here's somebody
huh swing a game I know come on
Thanks you don't know what game that is
my class was full I spider-man did knock
laughter yet I'm not old enough to play
yet you play mine oh man and that's the
end of the vlog thanks for watching and
I hope you guys are excited for the
insane asylum video which will be out
tomorrow it was just a crazy experience
and just wanted to say real quick that
your attitude and the energy you have
can really affect a situation so I
encourage you guys to bring your
positive vibes and that positive energy
with you wherever you go
all right let's see you tomorrow all
right peace
