hey what's up everybody welcome back to
vlogs starting the vault off a little
later in the day right now it's 5:45
Andrew and I spent the morning and
afternoon filming the rest of the prank
and guess what happened while we were
filming the prank the batteries died in
the mic so we've lost all of the audio
we spent like an hour plus filming and
then we go back to look at the clips and
all the audio is gone we're like great
but if you saw the prank which it's up
now it's a shorter video there are clips
in there with no audio we decided to use
them anyway so I'm happy about that
either way I hope you guys are having a
fantastic day thus far hope you're happy
I'm very happy right now currently right
now I'm heading to Tyler's house some of
you guys may remember him we are filming
the short film with him and we've hung
out them before and we're just gonna be
doing like a little Bible study all of
us do - cripes it's bright out my
goodness and we're gonna be going over
some acting stuff
is this a good shot or what guys
we're here at chick-fil-a because we
haven't ate and eaten dinner and we're
gonna bring it over to Tyler's house and
go over like I said a Bible study and
then practice I'm acting I've been
really desperate to get into that more
too many things and what is this would
be great we've been talking a lot so I
haven't been able to blog that much just
a little snack break it's getting close
to dinnertime let me show you what I'm
making
I've been slow cooking these ribs all
day but they're looking good
we're pie have ribs maybe some potatoes
but yeah I'm excited for these I love
like slow cooking stuff it just he's so
good right now I want to go to Best Buy
cuz PlayStation VR just came out and I
just want to go look at it
I don't even know how much it is but
let's go see all right Best Buy let's
see what you got stations
here's a charging station for it where
is it though a convenient little
carrying case all right oh this product
is available what this is how much the
PlayStation 4 costs itself the VR is
like 100 bucks more that's crazy I just
wanted to look at it but sunny vanilla
also it's kind of funny they have a
monster beverages here in the game aisle
can't wait for this game to come out I'm
so fun well that's it from Best Buy I
just wanted to look at the VR but I
didn't have it sitting out I didn't want
to bother them and okay can I look at
this thanks and put it back but oh well
three what was that 400 bucks basically
for that and wish it was cheaper
so tonight I'm at church right now the
past couple weeks Mary and I have been
volunteering at the youth group for our
church and that's on Thursday nights so
they're doing like a fall party tonight
I think so let's go games games for
playing sharks and minnows hello hello
you guys know Sam okay back home now
youth group was good but we got Broncos
game and let's take a look at the ribs
while these are looking good
whoo this will be for Mary when she gets
home I don't think I can play the game
today though because it comes out on the
21st and I got the early in Lystra
Edition which lets you play three days
early and I don't think it's three days
early yet but it's okay Andrew and I
will go to the midnight release and get
the game and it'll be fun moving on I am
getting some lunch with my dad at
California Pizza Kitchen haven't been
here in a long time but didn't vlog it
forgot it was good thanks for watching
yeah no this is the exact restaurant I
used to work at
good six and a half hours later guys we
have moved over to Chipotle because this
come on focus
they just randomly texted me this why
wouldn't get them I was like yes
really we have to wait
what is that
I don't think bully is that anything new
to their menus like the longest time so
this is great I am definitely getting
am I making the guys hungry
who is so good thanks guys
guys the tree though burrito is so good
if you like chorizo in general it takes
you love this
what it gives like a whole different
taste to Tripoli
staying on the food subject Brittany and
I are at Whole Foods to get some
groceries for the breakfast and for
lunch and dinner and for the week so we
enjoy coming here they have a lot of
local stuff and actually it's cool
seeing so many grocery stores getting
like local organic ingredients I think
it's it's really cool so we found some
really good stuff so far this is so good
this pancake place birch benders micro
pang curry pancake chocolate chip and
regular some eggs I know I was so
excited is that you monster
check inside the secret pockets if you
dare we get it guys
cookies well I am super bleah excited
right now
I don't think Brittany's as excited as I
am what time is it 9:00 oh well that's
still pretty late we are going to the
movies right now we're at Hollywood
theatres because we just haven't been to
the movies in a while and it's something
I personally love to do I just love
seeing movies and we found a movie we
both want to see and some of you may
laugh but I don't care we don't care
we're here to see middle school this one
guys just came out and there's I've
never read the books but middle school
worst years of my life this is
definitely a movie that I could see
myself acting in I love like the younger
kid type movies just really goofy
they're not always like the best type of
movies but they're really entertaining
and fun and they're not raunchy or
sexual like a lot of movies nowadays
because that kind of stuff really annoys
me in today's movie entertainment
society so this will be a do this bring
any pretty movies for free on to y'all
alright I'll let you guys know we'll be
taking the movie after this play because
they're back from the movie I would say
there was a fairly decent family
oriented movie definitely was family
oriented so if you had kids who took her
kids there I think that's a perfect type
of movie for the younger audience so if
I were to give it a rating I would give
it a rating for the younger kids young
kids go see that movie because it is a
good one I think that was a well made
movie very entertaining but we are back
at home and if you guys didn't know
Andrew and Mary are in West Virginia
with Kevin and Keith and Paige right now
they're doing a 24 hour for in the
lunatic
insane asylum or something right now and
Andrew is actually live on live dot me
this is him right now there's Kevin hey
guys they had a vlog the bringi and I
have some other plans this weekend that
we were going to be doing going hiking
stuff and just spending time together so
that's what we're doing we're gonna be
blogging that but we're gonna relax the
rest of the night it's an 11 a.m. right
now sort of I 11 a.m. it's 11 p.m. so
we're gonna probably get some sleep in
we appreciate you guys coming back and
hang with us today hope you had a good
day stay happy because you can't and
we'll see you back here tomorrow good
bye
