what's up guys welcome back to vlogs
well today we were finishing up the
prank that were filming yesterday but
it's like cold rainy cloudy like ultra
misty out today yeah I guess it's
perfect for Halloween pranks yeah it is
we don't need a fog machine today uh-huh
yeah this morning I woke up and it was
just fog everywhere uh-huh but hopefully
we can get enough clips today to finish
the video they don't have the library
here though it sucks no no they've been
working on this for months
we're so excited they're making this
library like twice the size it was
before
but if they could just finish we get
film get sighs oh excuse me
several hey later
me
okay Wow there's way too cold outside I
know it happened to the weather but
maybe it'd just be cloudy but no it's
cold - how's it going we've gotten some
really funny reactions so far guys it's
uh all the girls so pretty much screamed
warmth
we've been using this yeah it's done
really well here's an example people are
more like okay like it yeah it's just
hard because everyone's in class right
now so there's not too many people
hanging around the hangouts areas oh
sorry we're just doing a video - scare
yeah okay
and that's it oh well
oh come on they're good on stairs well
like we said earlier it was not rush
hour at school so that we were just
standing around for a lot of it trying
to prank people but not that many people
there but it's okay if we're gonna go
back tomorrow to a different school and
finish up the video and get that up yeah
we did get some funny clips though yeah
so yeah once we film film tomorrow
morning we'll have a good video but
moving on we're here at Dale's cards
Dale's also do any of you people play
clash royale in turn I have been playing
it and well he's been playing longer
than me I actually deleted the app back
in the day and then I just read
downloaded it Jess's won't actually
showed me Aaron and the Knicks are
playing and then he deleted it and now
he's back for everybody else who plays
what level are you Andrew I'm level 8
not bad
I'm level 5 from still on the basic mode
I get very angry though at this game
the game keeps pairing me up with like
the worst matches like level seven
people pair me up with level seven and
then I'm all to five and I get destroyed
every time anyways we're gonna check out
see you if they got some new stuff yeah
deals awesome I was here he was like
where's all your friends cuz it was just
means no no they do got a new deck here
guys $300 panini spectra look at this
stance you get 11 rare cards I haven't
seen that one either that one just three
autographs or memorabilia Andrew we
found the gold mine I have Toy Story
cards under one Dalmatian scooby-doo hey
should we buy a pack of twice tweet
cards what is so weird
do they have rares a dollar ninety-nine
signed by woody himself yes
do any of you guys remember got Garbage
Pail Kids like the interesting type
cards inaugural edition cards there's
President Obama one of my favorites
Barbie
to come down the burial box what I never
got into that most high school so many
people played that but they have you yo
cards galore here what
that'sa where these packs are $80 a pack
you saying guys back home um we each got
different things I got this what the
Pooh Buford my lunch and Andrew what did
you get I got a certified box but this
is a 2015 because usually we get the
2016 ah yeah if you guys have watched
our other card unboxings so this my
absol man I'm hoping for a Todd Gurley
if you guys know who that is
oh they do but we're making lunch now
real quick and I think I'm gonna buy a
super magical chest and show you guys a
fight
all right we got clash practice going on
here's the master isn't Aaron like the
highest rank out of all of us yeah
Aaron's are a clash coach so much but
this special offer reward on mine was
beautiful super magical chest 500 gems
and a thousand gold five bucks seven
times the value thank you here we go
super magical unboxing mm yes Oh which
has that oh you're hard on me him baby
drag ladies goodness and poison spell
dang you're gonna be so good now really
cool whoa I can upgrade infernal if I
want now oh my god 300 zap we have two
left
oh man what you can definitely upgrade
hog come on legendary temperance cards
you're kidding yeah oh my gosh she is my
wave that's nuts
plus you got so much gold now it's time
for your unboxing sisters
man and hoping for an autumn he said
there's four autographs in a box and
there's like a ton of packs oh wow what
was that hot southern rush a Clausen out
of 50
go uh Jalen Marshall Marshall now it is
time for the epic box we will show you
guys pretty much the the rares only so
how many packs are in here
ten ten oh and there's how many what are
the odds today I think we're looking at
about four rares guarantee we got Nick
last screaming in goes too cold to come
over who is it
David Cobb running Wow what do that's
sick
are you happy about that Nick whoa we've
have the second rare of the box guys
goodness well this is focus a Brett
Hundley Brett Hundley who's that
I denied it's a blue foil out of 99
right so that's good he's and let's see
one a Denzel Perry man autograph
Denzil Perry man here's Alex at final
Auto who is it Benedict McKinney Oh
who's that oh wait what another Jersey
card what how devin Smith had a 799 he
played for Ohio State but it was a you
got more than what the box said yeah
fine for / ba graph remember billion won
t we do three or five and you still have
five packs what that you hit the jackpot
in this box
all of these were Jersey cards that he's
sick
you got another autograph
Auto at a 150 been qui AK ever been boy
yaki this is making no sense how you're
getting all these did you get another
jersey there's another jersey in there
no way yep
what dude Kevin white Kevin white 399 I
know who that is ooh
oh why every pound the ones from another
Jersey Melvin Gordon what no that's a
249 rookie card
holy crap how are you getting all these
no sense no this was the best best box
per you ever done I hear you need
this goalie read stay young other 99
like I have to Steve Young's out of 99s
here officer is anybody who collects
cars when you buy a big box it says that
there's an average of for it there's
usually never more than that no way yeah
it doesn't no way
whoo oh there's two what the heck
there's another Jersey card it's just
David Cobb again really yeah why but
they're different the final pack guys
gonna be someone good come on odd girlie
hmm what Todd Gurley no yes and a 249 oh
my gosh there's no way this is the fire
pack fire Oh check it out
ken earthen I can name four five six
seven jersey cards one was otto and then
he got three cards I thought this was
gonna be a short segment for the blog
right why I back home now with Daisy and
Brittany
and Brittany and I want to have a pizza
night and who we went to Papa Murphy's
and got two pizzas and I think we're
going to watch Star Wars tonight I'm so
excited to watch Star Wars and we found
some this at the store vegan edge
because a lot of you guys already know
me and Brittany don't do dairy so
finding pizza is kind of hard but we
found a pizza that we just got pepperoni
and this one doesn't even have cheese
but we found dairy free cheese so that
might be good either way it's going to
be a chill night over here just relaxing
but this back when it came out and
haven't watched it yet well of course
watched it in the theaters but I got the
steal back case if you guys remember
just look at this isn't this beautiful
all you saw was fans probably already
have this so you're like and old news
but still this is epic so Justin left
but I just feel so lucky right now with
these cards that I'm gonna go back to
Dale's
coming a 2016 and 2014 box so I'll have
three different years all lined up they
close at 6:00 then I have a workout at
6:30 so it's like 5:20 right now Aaron's
going to come with let's do this I
didn't tell you guys but that dak
Prescott card I got a couple boxes ago I
sold for like 200 bucks it's okay to get
some more boxes that's why I sold it so
I could get some more boxes alright
Dale's don't let me down
there's the 14 in the 2016 oh man you
have to go to school now huh yeah well
are you gonna open up after class maybe
boyfriend open these but can you imagine
if these are like it's seen like other
box I doubt they will be but it's it's
all fun there's the 14 the 15 which we
already opened and then this 16 oh man
but first we've got to get a quick
workout in which starts at 6:30 so it's
time to go see what the workout is
tonight
that workout was way way intense I
forgot my water bottle as well dadgummit
yeah better CrossFit is like really hard
because it's super technical it's not
just like about the weights have like no
technique not only are the workouts hard
but it's hard learning the techniques to
do them right so I'm sweaty good morning
guys we're gonna finish off these boxes
with the rares which one do we start
with though mmm are you ready we have
Nick Smith back on the tally did you
just get off like a debate team a debate
team this is 2016 unboxing so probably
just film the rares if there aren't any
what you already got
it's just a cool team darn it the second
pack icy air air not joking
but Joey Bosa are you kidding me and
look a red gold team damn I don't know
who that is
Jordan fakes shoot who's it gonna be
ah Connor cook red foil oh oh man
there's an RPA somewhere in here you've
heard smelled it the gold Brandon cooks
card why at a 25 holy cow
I see something wrong Ricardo Luis uh a
fight who's dead we're on to the 14
alright onto the fourth what's this an
auto what a really is Ben and going
through we've gotten some cards hmm
Tom Savage what Jay Jay Cutler ah how do
you
49 all right that's it there's the cars
we got a Jay Cutler I hit this card make
me laugh
maybe ego Ferguson but you had to call
ego a funny card these two boxes work
below average we got more Jersey cards
from this one box and both these boxes
combined like what best end of boxes for
probably a while yeah that point for a
while
I had fun today hope you guys enjoyed
the bid they always love opening boxes
you never know what you're gonna get
yeah but you want to tell them about
your finger oh right
a week ago I was playing football and I
dislocated my finger turns out there's a
huge fracture in it so I have surgery
set up for next Wednesday
what is that October 19th I have surgery
for my finger to make sure it's straight
in a human right yeah they're putting a
pin in it yeah so mom said but yeah so
air broke his finger updates Aaron's
always up to something
socks but hope you guys have a chill
rest of the night I hope you're happy if
not choose to be happy right now because
you have a choice you can be upset about
the circumstances in your life you can
be upset about whatever it is it's going
on in life but I encourage you to look
for the happy things in life right now
and today I know it's a lot better than
being upset or angry but you guys have a
great night
well hopefully you see you back here
tomorrow goodbye
