as you can tell the Broncos came today
but today special seat
on the club level which is amazing we'll
take you to the season just a second
clubs level dad said there's a famous
Bronco players in the room together it's
here they want to be in the back here we
are guys from the snacks must have
snacks perceptions career romance and
Lynch City Bell gets on the back wheel
or split off as a receiver
let's go Broncos
this game has been kind of your thoughts
so far thoughts are that Paxton ventures
are they need to start and play the game
it was too much pressure for true the
way is uh okay throw come on come on
here's inside you got nice couches the
projector trivial in central city's
football I gotta get this onside kick in
earlier
do it
maybe the dog sidekick
come on and then lot left three four
Oh Oh
that was a good try though my club even
I got Super Bowl 50 posters up here yes
19 first loss of the season
Olo action was not ready yet
I think Aaron said it right already and
I know it's a bit shaky I guess I
brought some cards to the box just in
case these guys were there Champ Bailey
Peyton Manning Shannon Sharpe and
Terrell Davis be so random if Peyton was
there but if he was he would be signing
my cards
we're starting the day off right with
some creepy characters since it is
October Halloween out here so we are
going to scare some people by some goofy
yeah all the stuff we bought yesterday
we're going to try and do the pranks
today yeah should be fun it's just a
simple scare prank you know so the first
prop we one of the props we bought is
this creepy baby and we're going to we
have fishing liner we're going to put
the fishing wire on each of the hands
put it like over there and then pull it
when people walk by so it just comes
flying across the in front of them it
might be funny and then we got these in
here hopefully lots of scares today
folks okay we got the fishing line tied
to it
and this is where it's going to be we
got a few funny clips with the baby and
now we're moving to the balcony hands up
there I'm going to drop like this scary
thing I don't know what it is but it'll
be funny not many students have been
walking by this so here's what it looks
like though
the very street if this flew right in
front of my face yeah probably wow
that's awesome we are inside now and
this profit is gonna be a good one it's
just a creepy little I don't know what
this is we got this pole that we're
gonna attach it to like go really far
happy let's see it boss let's hear it so
they can hear what it sounds like so
loud what we're done filming and take a
look hey what's your name Kendall and
you've been watching the videos I don't
know like three months now that is so
epic thanks watching we said we put on
the vlogs and anything else you want to
say to the camera so we just got a
picture of it yeah thanks for watching
we are back home and unfortunately while
we're at the library meanings were
talking with one of our friends and
telling them about our idea and just
talking about life really
and these ladies come down to ladies and
they're like we were list we overheard
your conversation first of all I'm like
your East dropping and she's like you
guys are not allowed to film here I was
so sad were you and mad because she said
we weren't allowed to film here so that
was unfortunate we weren't able to
finish the video so we're gonna have to
go back tomorrow we're both back now
making some lunch got some chickens rice
and some other random stuff this is
what's annoying sometimes about filming
and doing pranks it's like people not
allowing and getting angry at us for no
reasons whatever all done with lunch all
fueled up and we're gonna have an
exciting rest of the vlog for you guys
because if you guys watched yesterday's
vlog we went to the Halloween store and
there was something there that we wanted
to get so we tell them what
or should we just go no they have to be
bought you're already know but not okay
let's go guys
yes
what here we are
fog machines which one to get though 400
watt metal for 1000 bucks
ah what are you doing thing I found are
you gonna read my bail
no she's here
ah we're just you know making videos
let's get this thing open this is where
it knows hey thought let's say good
wonder what this stuff is fog sauce and
fog sauce mm-hmm
close the lid we didn't read directions
because we didn't need it boys don't
read directions yeah never mind
remember when I said boys don't read
instructions without our meat
instructions hey wait a sec what there's
stuff coming out the front all right
here's the test
we think it's ready it's hot on the top
my recollection if I push this button
it'll start blasting all right man
remember the thing said the light would
turn on when it's ready
well how long does this thing need folks
I feel it's almost ready I've been
sitting here for five minutes that means
it's ready that dot there are you ready
okay Buford watch out aah oh my goodness
oh we got smoked fella yay
after I've learned a mission you girl we
need what a bunch of like laser pointers
with lights okay put this in a room with
like a girl that has like oh yeah what
you impressed yeah I love how the Fox
just sitting around yeah
yeah yeah I can't I was like a smoke
grenade went off in here go through the
lights over here it looks nuts we're
down here now welcome come in we need
more smoke from your machine so very
smoky in here the fire
wow I know the villains are somewhere
around here right Andrew where are you I
can't see you here you guys see that the
smoke is coming out of the bathroom and
going upstairs
six oh fuck he in there she what's the
mission
get them bad guys okay
hey are you okay
can't stay in here I don't know where
you're at
huh they're zombies anywhere harder was
that you know there's life maybe we
should go towards that I'll just step
back here and keep watch
open it up more I can't see in here or
breathe there may be a zombie twist hard
come on you okay
I'm turning into a zombie no no don't
turn should I shoot you
not yet I can already feel not yet why
I'm not dead yet no it's a wind-up it's
locked
they only tease you is showing you there
okay close it all the way hurry
ah do not come any closer or I'll shoot
there's fog everywhere great your whole
house - the fog best house is ruined
hashtag pumpkin warriors back at it
again there's something in this house we
just got reports someone called the
pumpkin warriors I don't have a weapon
so I'm gonna have to follow you from
behind all your backup I'll let you know
if I see anything there's a mess am
being to escape now at this a music see
when we got the call they said there was
something strange downstairs in multiple
rooms comfort of Newlands oh must be
this room right must be we need some
extra light in here though right yeah
oh man get nervous Wow you see any here
even do you see anything I'm I'm trying
to look but I can't see what there's a
gun for you you found that yeah all
right I think this room is clear
yeah let's move on to the garage if it's
okay if I shoot right here that's fine
you might go deaf just tell me when
you're about to shoot now cuddle my ears
oh my ah I'm gonna go over here you go
over there don't laugh I got your back
on watch right here okay you see me eat
a little bit I don't see my hip well
that's that awkward fire but I've kept
it hurry I can't find our where'd you
get that I found it Oh watch out I'll
get him
come on take him down all right think I
got him by the way this is my gun
this is the m4 okay
what's the Mexican this looks like a
super Cybertron gun that's what you need
to get these types of bad guys man don't
worry let me I'm glad we have time to
reload right now when there's no zombies
and whatsoever attacking us that's super
convenient you think they might come out
now that we're reloaded I think now that
we have ammo they might just pop out
who's there I don't know are you got it
let me know if you see anything what is
that
it's is it okay Oh Oh sir
great gotta get this same baby by myself
okay I'm on it
there he is Oh get out of here I think I
got it yes
all right I think we got all the bag
hello who's there
wait that sounds like Ethan I can't see
him Oh Ethan Ethan you can let you keep
it hey lying around joking Ethan did you
get the screwdriver I found it that's
how I killed the zambese oh that was you
yes oh okay I know how do we get out of
this place why are we in here no no but
I'm done the pumpkin warriors we did her
job that's it for pumpkin warriors today
hope you enjoyed that little segment wow
it's bright yeah we got to open the
window News the whole house is foggy
because of our mischievious axe so we
gotta air it out I can open the Gehrig
it's like okay there's been a fog fest
let's look at it from the outside whoa
now that is a fog fest guys I hope you
guys like the fog little adventure we
just did but I think we can make it
better by using getting a bunch of like
cool lasers and making like a whole
episode somewhere you know yet night
outside as well yeah any ideas in the
comments we will accept and may be put
to use next time I guess that's it for
today's vlog yeah thanks for watching
more pumpkin warriors we'll see you guys
back here tomorrow have a great day
goodbye
