hey everybody welcome back to more Jase
- before we start the vlog we wanted to
give a special shout-out to compassion
International which we have actually
been working with them for a while now
and loved it and if you haven't heard of
compassion before they are a child
sponsorship program all around the world
so people like you can sponsor kids who
are in poverty and really help them out
it helps them with food and education
and teaching them about God and it
really helps them because like ender
said these kids are in poverty and
Andrew and I actually both sponsor kids
we sure do shalom ii in sri lanka in
iraq and sri lanka so there's a link in
the description you guys can click it
and I encourage you to lease just check
it out and consider sponsoring a kid
because if you do the link down below
will send you to the kids who don't have
sponsors right now and those kids
probably know our sponsor kids so you're
saying they could be friends we could
all be friends in helping impact this
community let's do it so guys head over
to the link thanks for checking it out
and let's get into the vlog so currently
we are in Old Colorado City there are
some really interesting shops down here
shops I never have been to or heard of
there's one right across across the
street here it's called like the British
pantry
whoa it's got like a bunch of British
snacks and drinks and stuff that and
we're gonna try them let's do what that
God also look how old this area is
erected in 1859 the pioneer county
office that's cool
here we are the British Tea Party tear
in the pantry oh you see Queen of
England this is so cool oh okay Wow some
of this stuff look at this it was like a
Warren G chocolates well I'm sure some
of you are from actually England guys so
you're probably like oh that's really
good always a mushy peas oh I've never
had something like this before
Devon rice pudding full of dairy
goodness huh here's some beverages I
never heard of dandelion and burdock
fiery ginger beer
oh it's this finto busy try me if you
dare
is that a challenge you dare me to drink
this yeah guys it's crumpets
how about those are English muffins no
wait a minute English muffins Oh Landon
burg oh this is so cool look it's like
an actual tea room tea room party what
mm-hmm
you can bring your daughter here on
dates for Valentine's Day that's the
Valentine's Day menu and there's Harry
we found the candy section folks all
these candies which ones are the best
though it's kind of cool being in the
store because we've actually been to
England I'm sure some of you have been
following us for a while but we are we
did a bunch of blogs and pranks in
England so funny Scotland as well well
they have Scotland stuff haha I haven't
been there yet I recommend it the
scope-1 all right guys
we've got some things and I chose to get
the dandelion and burdock I never heard
of that before
fun fact for you she told us that this
is the first soda ever she's had a
mermaid never made so back in 1871 this
was the very first soda so I'm gonna
have to try this
would you get Andrew alright I got the
fiery ginger beer I don't know and then
a classic Mars bar I don't never have
one before so which one you gonna try
first fire don't get scared now
is your mouth on fire dude that's 0%
fiery are you serious
there's no spice ah try me if you dare
come on guys at least put some spice in
here
dandelion and burdock
Wow it kind of reminds me and tastes a
little like like black licorice with a
subtle more sweet flavor to it and I
don't not like black licorice but I
guess back in the day if they didn't
have any sweet drinks and they made this
it's like wow this is good ray all right
I just try to sip of this and that is
not good she recommended the fruit test
pastels no yes it's good really mm-hmm
that's pretty good our or from 1881 what
over in England all these 1800 candies
mm-hmm what he looks like kinda looks
like a Snickers bar
tastes just like I Snickers who's yours
ha ha it's kind of fun trying different
cultures foods although some of you
might be like well that's not really
authentic still it's not here they
didn't really have what I guess they had
like food you could cook but yeah either
way this is good stuff so remember we
were saying there's a lot of different
shops down here well we just walked past
this doll museum so never heard of
something like that before
I don't have no idea what to even expect
but we're gonna go in and explore
okay here we are a simp it I don't know
what that says a family tradition of
character dolls puppetry and fine art so
figures whoa what do they even have a
show a doll show three bucks okay the
first Simba dolls 1952 guys this is the
start of their business wow that's
incredible
I knew making dolls I don't know but
they sure did a good job
hey I didn't know Janis made art oops
hello like this doll over here oh it's
Moses - that's so good oh so cool man
they're talented 2003 they made this hmm
I like that yeah holiness you the clay
model but Bilbo is taking a nap over
here
Andy looks like he's missing a toe hang
the fuck this is Abraham Lincoln but so
he's like setups are so like involved
like this a forest was this no wider
that one
I think it's Hansel and glia Pinocchio
Pooh Bear from weaning to poo oh there's
a wonderland woman what here's the man
sculpting that in himself and huh oh and
the woman herself Peter very good it's
kind of cool seeing all the behind the
scenes of this stuff how do they do that
Oh
now don't you remember sweet Betsy from
Mike across the big mouth what is this
this is a Santa's workshop or something
again so cozy in there it does I want
Christmas you in a room in your house
like this yes they also created the
nativity scene for the birth of baby
Jesus that's cool so these are all the
handcrafted dolls they made at this
family now we're getting to the puppets
they actually made because they do shows
here check this out oh that's pretty
crazy whoa whoa these like the original
ones imagine back in the day like being
able to watch like what the shows look
like animals are cool but sorry no it's
Spencer Hanna Spencer what does he do
just look how I created these are it's
so cool Colonel Sanders Oh Tom Sawyer
guys oh who is that tell him your idea
that's a good idea about pumps where
they need to make a Netflix series show
like a really cool adventure like
action-packed adventure with Tom Sawyer
miss dick see here's a picture of him
performing
on the stage we're gonna have to come
and see one of these shows we so cool
this is controlling all these characters
yeah and like look at these setups like
this is twist
guys were feeling in a real adventurous
mood as you can tell we're visiting all
sorts of things we've never seen or been
to before now this place has been on my
radar for a while you want to know why
well take a look and let it speak for
itself
Ami's donuts are you desperate I never
been here before but I've heard rumors
good rumors and you guys know I
interests the donut master so let's go
inside see if we can find some strange
cool doughnuts donut factory yeah hello
oh this is
over the rainbow these are cool you got
all the designs guys wrong call Barry
watch donuts are looking the best to you
today and your I've never had this many
options for another before so yeah like
literally guys look at all these shelves
so Andrew just got one I didn't get one
because they don't have any donuts
without dairy so I can have hearing
maybe something yeah but this is the
over the rainbow is that look like a
rainbow guys and I see some clouds yeah
they did a good job with that creativity
there I don't want it
now we've had a lot of different donut
shops before so we have a lot to compare
this to first impressions
it's really fluffy on the inside so
that's a good don't know it's really
fluffy
a bamboo overall very good
Wow next up there is actually a pawn
shop right next door and me and Andrew
have never been in a pawn shop before
all right never mind they only buy
things and there's just a counter the
pawn shop didn't work but there is an
epic exotic reptile pet shop in our town
we've been to it once before a while ago
maybe they got some new creatures like
literally there was a chameleon a
real-life tortoise walking around the
store got a crocodile let's go inside
always Spencer oh my gosh dude it's a
real life Spencer Wow yes good heavens
is very big chameleon
that's a cool little guy opening up just
getting ready to do something that's a
cool there's crickets in there he's
funny this is the one from Jurassic Park
right guys baby
chameleons feed they're all over this
like that is so cool guys he's so small
hey babies
what's the chameleon for their birthday
that's pi he's 25 his eyeballs we need
to get a pet chameleon for the RV what
this is a frog that's kind of weird
underneath a frog
he's just hanging out on the glass how
is he sleeping right there hey fellers
guys we were we weren't lying only said
there's real like tour so just walk
around the store you're having a great
lunch right now that looks delicious
guys well there's two and then baby
Gary Garrett's about to eat some lettuce
for breakfast okay never mind maybe we
should get this for the RV yeah way
better
there are ok we just found the most
expensive creature I've ever seen
no no joke ok he's hidden behind here
snowy season
dude dude Walter White I'm a black
throated monitor from Africa price tag 1
mil he moved he saw me you want this for
your house maybe this could be a good
guard dog maybe going in first snake on
that old room in there oh dude his head
no white guy dude how is he gonna fit in
that he doesn't care if I saw that in
the wild I had night free can't run away
dude that would be scary just that how
much were you looking at you yeah this
chameleon looks like a rhinoceros bug
it's called a Jack Sony chameleon wow
that's so cool he's on the move
I want out he's getting nervous it's
kind of like sloth like right now he
going yeah what is he up to you see
something he wants and he gets that's
weird another eyes like look like look
opposite ways at times yeah so so clicks
so awkward he's on the move what's he
gonna do maybe wants to come over and
play do these I climb on you and things
I try to get on oh he wants to play with
you you probably would what guys Nick
wait where are you going
he's in the road he had to get away that
was so random we are back at home
chilling now what an adventurous day it
was guys yes it was go check out the
link in the description for compassion
international guys seriously let's help
out the world make it a better place
angel I agree oh dude you know we should
do for tomorrow's vlog what remember
those little mini dirt bikes you bought
yes we should go and we should take them
to the
