well good morning everybody and welcome
back to blogs oh hey everybody welcome
back to blogs today Adam Andrew and I
are going to look at this model home
he's already been to it right
yeah it was pretty cool but since now
both in the housing market yeah
why not we're going to go check it out
we also want to show it to you guys
because I'm sure you would like to see a
cool house too right Brittany and I have
been living in the apartment we're in
currently for a while and I think at the
beginning of the new year we're looking
to buy our first home so we just are
exploring different areas and all the
other options in danger and Mary Arden
kind of a similar situation but won't be
as soon as then but eventually we'll
both have our own real-life homes that
we own absolutely this isn't the model
home but guys look at this house he's
gonna happen in the front and that door
though here we found it we're walking up
right now and there's a beautiful day
out might add-- night I'm in a sweater
you're in a t-shirt
we're both coming yeah feels great okay
we're here at the entrance behind you is
the garage and be come this way
mother-in-law suite this is just a
separate part of the house not main
house
the Builder out there this is the main
bacon one yeah not yet
what is this sentence is the
father-in-law downstairs so this is nuts
Wow and we haven't even gotten to the
main part of the house yet this is just
if you want to have someone living with
you know what uh this is sweet you could
have like a fun party here yeah put a DJ
wow this is the interest of the main
down stirs the basement okay so a side
basement main basically oh my goodness
another bathroom here just in case you
can't hold it down the hall random
artisan craft room yeah
arts and crafts fun beautiful backyard
yeah for fun whoa that is sweet
what what a movie theater room we can
show our short films here dude yeah okay
guys even though we probably would never
live in this house it's so fun just
looking around
oh I would have movie nights down here
every night they rocked whoo look at the
houses this farm because then you can
get ideas to put your own house like a
movie heater doesn't be this big yeah
this is a really cool idea but let's
move upstairs and what do we have here I
want some wine what we can pass this the
whole way upstairs good heavens
just meeting meeting dinner night every
night we everyone gathers here this is
where the making of the dinner has
really first started oh yeah this is
quite the architecture then you've got
this another maybe football night
watching football or you watch it in the
movie theater room your choice
bedroom with an O what dude what in the
wolf the shower was not expecting this
to be such a giant area yeah double a
nice and then a bathtub in the no.2
closet bathroom no way this is a hidden
bookshelf yeah what do it says not
working but so that closes and becomes a
bookshelf then you can have guests over
sometimes you know and you thought we
were done time to go upstairs again I'll
sit here and read a book
just chill pad headquarters these kids
rooms kid room cool that's pretty cool
another model house um I think Justin
had to use the bathroom but
unfortunately not for public use thank
you this is the master bedroom bathrooms
combo man what though there's no door to
this now this home is smaller than the
Gigantor house obviously yeah I'm just
looking at smaller homes in completely
we're not gonna be able to get it
dry-cleaned or house but oh I like this
closet do you want wife side this is
yeah but look what's behind you in the
in the closet don't have this much space
for clothes but do you accept accept so
this is cool because the master bedroom
goes right out here to the patio and
fire pit night whatever you want hmm
what I'm really wanting in a home is
like a really cool backyard I'd love to
have like a fire pit something like this
I'd really happen to like your friends
over cookouts
ah yeah this is good so this is really
good let's go explore the house okay I
love these
yeah TV fireplace one of these model
home builders like decorations exactly
like this wall no I'm taking notes so I
really like whole kitchens because I
like cooking so yeah this is this one
cool this is like a cool design because
like you can eat there and then you got
this little chill-out area for book club
another one Oh
yep this this is the fun area yes oh yes
every good house has a wine cellar my
what you're not allowed to have this
room why because it's my room well I
think that's all for this house pretty
cool though okay what are you doing it's
time to hit the weights you got your
workout gear on man
yeah going to CrossFit oh yeah yeah I
can't remember if you told them you did
that or not last thing I said we were
trying out the gyms but we signed up
that'll be a good workout Buford you
going to CrossFit too I think you need
to hit the CrossFit up a little bit
I just got back to the house and I'm
gonna watch some Walking Dead I haven't
finished season six and I love that show
so but I going to relax hang with Daisy
pretty up to bud small so for dinner
tonight
Beck and Tyler you guys should remember
them they invite us over for ribs
he said he's making ribs stopping at
King Cooper's real quick they told us to
bring over some salad to accompany the
ribs what is this color proud organic
kale yes we have made it tell Rebecca
what do we have here when we have
homemade kombucha what flavor is that
this is strawberry guava I need from
imported Hawaiian no way and this is
passionfruit liliquoi can purchase
something we're brewing in the closet
okay you man and then you have
strawberry that's in the fridge would
really have a little bit left and then
this is the child's famous recipe of
ribs they're award-winning ribs
hopefully they're the best work you've
ever had well let's dig in then oh so
young of course we need have some sort
of zort dessert frozen yogurt and it's
kid night here whoa
hey I'm just kidding can I try I got
some quick gas
here's how much gas is here in Colorado
if any of you are wondering come on
focus
two dollars fourteen cents not bad
Colorado bad 25 bucks
me and Brittany are sharing let's see
how much you ate did you save any for me
yeah oh man open what flavors are they
this one's like chives thumbs raspberry
not my fav well have it yeah there you
go yes dr. data and then after there can
I roll now
yeah no business told me six six didn't
meet them no right now I'm on my way to
pick up Mary and her friend Becca cuz
they hiked Pikes Peak this morning
they're gonna be at the top pretty soon
so I got to get some gas Mary just
texted me and said they're one mile from
the top way way way up there
this is the gate basically to get into
Pikes Peak Highway you got to pay I
think to go up but for some reason this
line is you're sitting here I don't know
what's going on people are getting out
of their cars there people are turning
around and going back down I can't turn
back down my wife is up there here comes
a guy we'll ask him if he knows do you
know what the holdup is is a semi coming
down it's just about down oh really okay
cool thanks
daggum semi-trucks what are they doing
up at the top of the mountain
friendship is the foundation of any
lasting relationship
I'm into the top a drive is kind of
scary sometimes because you can like
look right over the edge let's go find
the ladies Wow I feel like I was just up
here another fun fact about the highway
is they have this race they do every
year with race cars they drive as fast
as they can up it I think it took me
like 3540 minutes to drive up and I
think the record is like eight minutes
for these race car drivers and they're
saying some of them go around the
corners like 80 miles an hour I was
taking the corners at five B so scary
hey I'm very proud of you Mary
yeah you guys did it like six hours no I
know smell that yeah that's my good time
yeah we did max squats yesterday and
Mary was a trooper and hiked a mountain
the day after my butt is sore out on how
you - wrap it you got me a doughnut yes
