welcome back to blogs everybody hope
you're doing well
a lot of you have been asking us to open
up more fan mail we have been getting so
much lately it's been kind of hard to
keep track Oh what do we got here Andrew
you've got so many letters in packages
as you can see we have lots of packages
here so what we're going to do is open
all the packages for the vlog and then
cuz we have like thousands of letters
and what we're going to be doing is
reading those on Facebook live videos so
you should follow us on Facebook and
yeah if you guys send us a letter we
will be doing that live and the video
will be saved so you can go back and
watch it but if we open every letter
it'll just take so long so I think we're
just going to do these packages today
exactly because we want to open your
letters we just try to find a new like
how to spread it out type of deal keep
it all balanced so why don't you start
it off I do want to open this one first
that's a first we have never received a
pop-tarts box hmm what set a tooth so it
looks like deer more juice do my name is
Carson I've been a sub for about a month
and a half now you guys are very funny
and I'm glad you are
hashtag Jesus freaks yeah for life oh
and that you make clean vids from Carson
and please do Superman symbol and this
tooth well they so much the letter
Carson and what a creative way to send
it all right I'm opening this Nike box
another creative box yeah an iPad this
can't be an iPad you guys like to prank
us dearest you I've been watching your
vids for about a month I'm a Christian
too and I favorite verses I can do all
things through Christ who strengthens me
from Abigail and she made a custom card
here for us Oh read in video oh good
morning potatoes I hope you like the
small package me and my sister have put
together I included eight quarters one
of them is a
coin for the ball Andy foundation I
turned 13 September 2nd and watch your
videos every day happy late birthday I
have tried to build some toter before
it's and decided warmer is best for them
my favorite videos of yours are all of
them never stop proverbs 28:13 from
brian and that seems like it would take
forever yeah you put a bunch of verses
on i see a pizza eat more chicken whoa
why is that Legos yeah holy cow let go
Jase - that's cool and here we are for
the grand finale folks kitchen iPad yay
wow you got a iPad we got two packets of
gum well that guys for sending this
package to us this is from Garrett do
you more Jesse I've been a fan of your
channel for quite some time now
especially enjoyed your toilet paper for
video I was wondering if you could take
the time to do another 24-hour toilet or
for video it would mean the world to me
if you did make another video from
Garrett
anyways I bought you this dog toy for
Buford I hope you enjoyed your first
yeah there's something in here for you
but oh what is that let's see if he
plays with this one then we'll know it
was a good purchase you might say Tweety
Bird come on play the bird he's trying
to figure out what that is first
examination process he's like okay I
approve thanks so much for the package
the letter and Buford say thank you
letters first dear Justin hi my name is
JT and I make prop tutorials on a
YouTube channel called hyper props FX I
make simple prop tutorials that are very
basic and easy to follow recently while
cleaning my workshop I realized I have
way too many props sitting around but
instead of throwing them away I decide
seven as fan mail the various YouTube
channels I like wow this is the 44
Magnum from the video game series
marathon anyways thanks reading assassin
never heard of this game but take a look
at his prop making skills guys whoa wow
that's really good
it's even got the scope ICU does anybody
recognize this gun Wow don't point that
thing at me dude hands up thank you for
sending us this creative project you
created and best of luck to you to your
future creations what's happening in
this maker and open the make another
Matt I'm just trying to open this who
made this package cry
dude hi my name is Jack thank you so
much for being such great youtubers men
and role models I am 17 and I live in
Nebraska every day when I get home from
school I check if you guys upload a
video I also watch them during school
too
I would also have to ask you both to
keep me in your prayers because as of
September 19th 2016 I was diagnosed with
a concussion and it's bad enough that I
am out for the season
and next season as I am a junior now I
play football by the way I have a few
questions to who are you both your
favorite NFL players my favorite fighter
is Von Miller you uh I guess I like
Paxton Lynch right now will you ever
come to Nebraska sure and you drew this
picture you see it yeah that's the dope
what's that
it's a box of cards one pink Manning
DeMarcus Ware any royal Emanuel Sanders
Bradley Roby
do you like all Broncos is that the he
did that on purpose
yeah yes Von Miller Quinton Carter
Demaryius Thomas Hollow Kyle Orton or
that the old and then a fake rear Oh
command Wow
oh wow thanks so much for the package
and the letter and good luck in football
season to Justin and Andrew there's
cards in here
there doesn't Andrew my name's Brandon
I'm 13 years old
I said you fan bout back in 2014
I've been watching your videos for three
years now I recently was inspired by you
guys to create my own channel that I'm
working so hard on I'm saving up for the
new blog camera in El Gato this little
care package which includes tons of
Broncos cards a bunch of pocket sleeves
for your cards a sheet to put your cards
in a binder in a free $20 PlayStation
Store gift card that has never been used
what I am subscribed and turn
notifications on for all three channels
more Jesu Jesu studios and goof squad
gaming what we got some rares yeah
here's the $20 gift card
maybe the rares okay we got a Von Miller
Mark Sanchez what the Peyton Manning
that's Q Emmanuel hollow nice
CJ Jeff Harman Terrell montee ball Nana
and Akiba Quigley Abad thank you so much
for this care package we appreciate your
longtime support what is it
package from hunter what is this match
for a and connect for Andrew thought
this was a rare box of cards I just said
there was a box in here faster
I heard you love games and challenges
from Hunter in California let's play Umi
friend you know that's for I went dance
now you have all heard of the channel
jig squad looks like this is from Juke
squad I'm trying to figure out shoot
squad let me guess snacks or random
objects yes a new faucet
Oh what is huh it's a tail it's a tail
you can clamp it on to you
Oh like that deer more Jase true it's
your boy Devon come subscribe to my
channel I've been watching your vids for
a long time and I like to make toilet
paper for some stuff no here's for you
he sent some Jack Link's teriyaki chew I
don't know what that is
and a minions thank you for this fun
package how cool am I on a scale of one
to ten this is from chase party poppers
hey this is also chase you should do a
party popper prank but why fish shrimp
flavor Oh what up clown town over there
J su studios you guys was funny as
Hawaii I like eggs I like pepperoni I'm
17 and I do school and work at dirty
queen school and working dirty Queens
and subscribe since a bunch of madness
video it was funny oh god yeah ribbon is
off keep up the good youtubing and don't
quit because if you do dad will be
pissed huh did Jacob there's a
screenshot of me with the lettuce thank
you so much chase for sending the
message and the party poppers I'm
dumping it out my name is Emma I've been
watching your videos for a year I am a
new top fan and I'm 10 PS name the vid
new fan M bells Jays Studios oh yes nice
Justin Rob those are way too complex I
mean even understand what's happening
huh dis appreciate your support Emma
ooh who's there
hi Andy and Justin please don't go bald
Andy ah - I love your biz by the way my
name is Skylar I'm 10 says more Jase -
as you can see it is the mountains as
our old logo some Reese's chapstick a
magic deck and then just a whole bunch
of pokemon cards i charming her Wow
there it is guys i caboose ops
holographic mint-condition rare is this
going to say he's just buttercups good
lather on here I can taste it it does
kind of taste like chocolate but I don't
really want this flavor on my lips 24/7
thanks for the package Oh sup Jace -
we're big fans of your videos we've
watched you content for a year - and we
really enjoy it
we put a couple fanarts inside along
with a surprise what is this the
surprise
I'm from the Hinkle family Wow check it
out guys there's a lot of logo what's
that
Issac combined Wow
there was a strange human whoa oh I like
that this one looks interesting
never heard of him this here rare that's
a rare I choose reading that you and
that's you here JC studios I'm Sophia
I've been watching your videos for about
a year and a half I'm 10 turning 11 on
September 20th good and well for 10
well she's 11 now because his Casa de so
happy late birthday I have attached to
photos one of Justin one of Andrew I
would cry tears of joy if you guys could
sign the photos and send back hi my name
is Robbie
I mean Ruby Rafi I showed some of you
our videos to my parents and they
thought they were really funny you guys
have helped me laugh when I'm sad and
you helped me stay positive even when
things aren't going well
ah we love hearing that boy
it's a cool drawing and we got this here
that she drew thanks for the letter Ruby
my name is Anthony I'm 8 and I am from
West Virginia can you put into blogs my
youtube is Anthony Barger I owe paint
Manny
these are like Jersey cards guys an
Atlanta Falcons thingamajig thanks for
the letter Anthony and go Broncos oh man
this is the colorful one I appreciate
that you took the time to do each
sentence in a different color pretty
much you're my kind of person hi guys my
name is Camila hope I said that right
I'm from Puerto Rico a long distance
between you and me I've been watching
your video since April 9th I just want
to say that your videos are very funny
and a good entertainment for my day just
in case I'm 11 years old and I'm
planning to keep watching your videos
for the rest of my life yes
whoa here's the different flags that's
so cool you even look that up guys whoa
learning lesson here's Colorado flag
Puerto Rico more Jase do dad yeah boy
he's definitely been watching the bids
little balls Pokeball another flag her
hoverboard we him hi my name is chase
I've been watching you for two years
since I was eight I'm 10 now you guys
inspired me to make my own YouTube
videos thank you go Broncos this is like
wow a really cool one there's a glitter
I think water colors almost another
creative fellow viewer I love that Thank
You chase next up we have a box from
Tyler and we're super excited about this
box we've been waiting on hyssop hating
this box for a while because as you guys
know we've done a few card unboxing
videos and so Tyler apparently his dad
works there so he's like let me send you
some more Jase do what
do 2016 certified panini box
unparalleled
oh dude these are cool cards by the way
good panini is literally my favorite
brand and like I he sit these dude and
two packs of the new the new uh don
roose hi guys I'm Tyler I love all your
toilet paper for it's in all your pranks
they're so funny here are the cards I
said I was going to send if you could
sign the drawing I made it send it back
that would be amazing
you will definitely sign this it's in
the back there will there should be more
cards soon what my youtube channel is
Tyler does youtube if you could please
shout it out that'd make my day sure
Tyler does YouTube dude let's get to
opening these thanks so much for sending
an old man up this is pretty cool here
we are let's mix those up this one this
one this this one okay that's not the
rare got a John Lennon Elway
John Elway just Super Bowl guy a Bob
Lilley autograph boy out of 35 dude and
then we got a Keith Marshall
that's another orange yeah dude I'm
pretty sure there's a rare Jersey in
here cuz I saw a little glimpse of
everything it oh jerseys whoa got a 10
how collar pad DeMarcus Robinson what
dude that is so nuts that's one of the
purple one yes and check this card a
Shannon Sharpe immortals
oh dude nope nope a new generation Oh
Chris Morris more oil that is sweet dude
this is epic oh man Tyler Irvin Otto
whoo new color - nine Adam out of $4.99
this is a good good round there's three
layers yeah I was looking at these cards
online and they looked so cool hi
for now all these cards are just super
cool
we both have hours we don't know what
they are yet a nexus both reveal isn't
buddy go tell Joey belches aah what the
hell Ben Benjamin that's a water sewer
for the Panthers so good he's so good
super out of 99 Wow
will is it from you Andre Washington
tuna nice ah here are some cards from
Zach what just a bunch of baseball cards
any rares I don't see any rares oh it's
cool
a hollow well Zach thank you for sending
us these cards a few more pokemons was
from dude well I knew there was some
sort of snack in here and you've heard
wanted well that's why he was sniffing
the box want that I'll open it up in a
minute
oh he's desperate now oh dear Justin
Andrew I've been watching your vids for
about a year now every day I wait for a
new vlog to be posted when I when you
don't have a new one out yet I watch a
bunch of the old ones I got you guys to
dog bones for Daisy gone for Buford yes
it is for you here's some and then some
Cholula holes ah I love Cholula those
cards who do we got here Brandon
Marshall Tony Scheffler and Knowshon
Moreno and this one's for you to take
them down good boy look what you've done
you made Buford so happy actually know
what's peculiar about Buford well he
doesn't eat bones he goes and buries
them somewhere what is that way he's
doing yeah
where'd you put it Buford runs your bone
no you put it back there I see it I
found that Darren as Buford the end of
the female video yeah folks thanks for
watching and like we said we're gonna do
more letters on Facebook live videos so
follow us on Facebook JSU studios I know
this wasn't your typical like vlog but
we do like occasionally open in fan mail
so I hope you guys are okay ah yeah new
eating loudly is up did you watch it yet
or what quick go see guys next time
peace
