before you watch this vlog be sure to
follow us on live dot me in the
description we're doing a live stream
tomorrow October 6 at 5 p.m. Pacific
time we're doing a $500 giveaway for an
Amazon gift card so don't follow us
enjoy the vlog good morning guys
we'll get Rasmus Wow
it's about noon here it's the last day
in Colorado for Rasmus he flies home
today darn it
that's sucks soccer tricks with Rasmus
Aaron's here as well but we're making a
game video for his channel and this
should be a fun challenge different
challenges are you ready art good I know
he's gonna destroy us
see if Aaron can Erin soccer master that
was a power shot soccer challenge video
is done but it's time to get a quick
lunch
we're here at Bar Louie because
Tuesday's is $5 burgers sandwich itself
excuse me
Berger
sir
check it guys
burgers Aaron came at this - what'd you
get
thank you are blue Louie look at this
mess Donna stuff would you hear what
famous androids have - yum yum I got the
Southwest it's got like walk and all
female is gonna be hot guys you got ya
jalapeno me yeah for their track since
that day man looking through every cabin
cave and they sound I'm falling
attractant that day it's gonna happen
here doing this slow - no no here's
what's gonna happen you're gonna give me
that gun and then you're gonna give me
all
no it's time for Rasmus to fly home but
it's been so much fun shooting the short
film will be out the end of this year so
stay tuned guys yeah it may be going to
Sweden next yeah next time he's come
here twice but we're gonna go to suit it
and make another film hang with him
sounds good it's been the best hang with
you that's the best by the way everyone
go check out his channel link in the
description yay
it is a new day now continuing where we
left off the vlog Erasmus is left we've
got the bag right here with all the good
snacks and then we also hopefully we
bought this toaster oven so we just got
everything we're heading to the library
one thing you guys always need to
remember is to double check at all all
things for example we just drove to the
library and forgot to look at all the
equipment and realized that our mic is
an actually Andrews car so now we have
to drive back home which is about I'd
say 15 minutes or so get the mic come
back oh this has happened with other
pieces memory cards batteries batteries
oh man so next time guys double check ok
just to make sure that you'd have to do
this exercise you've been learning about
this for five plus years now make sure
your audios on it's working in the right
hole please and we're still making
mistakes oh wow
squared away now guys carrying toaster
oven in to the library are you ready to
eat loud always it's always kind of
waiting back at it guys get miked up
since the last video Andrew got a few
clips but people didn't want to be in it
we have to do those again know why
laughing and there the clip was him
drinking soda so we need to get one of
those and we have a bunch of other food
in here that will do got all the clips
we need can't edit or upload right now
because me and Brittany are back in
Orangetheory got to get a quick workout
him get back into the grind
yes you excited to be back here for teen
girl hey Daisy we haven't seen you in a
while in the vlogs have you been good I
mean I'd like yeah you've been good
just got back from the workout and we
stopped by Whole Foods I didn't sell my
spoon in but we got a bunch of good
stuff gonna make them salmon or not
salmon shrimp pasta tomato pasta tonight
this stuff it's a super good fettuccine
and it only takes 90 seconds to make so
that's good cuz of that and I just chill
watch some shows the rest of the night
got a upload crank so I bought a new
microphone for this camera let me show
you what right there the other
microphone I bought wasn't good but it
just it was too big so I went with this
other microphone so I'm kind of
monkeying around with the settings I
really want to go fly some drone stuff
I'm gonna go do that and I have a good
spot picked out and it'll be a fun
little adventure for Buford in myself
because he's been in the house all day
like he's ready to go
Buford
a boy I got up here a little bit later
than I wanted because I had another
malfunction I left the house and I was
only thirty minutes away from the house
and I realized that the memory card was
not in the drone turn around go back to
get that memory card and I drove up here
and I just ah
man if I was up here when I wanted to be
I've been a lot better footage but it
just seems like today's theme is
forgetting camera equipment I just
wanted to make like a cool Instagram
video of drone footage I think I got
enough so I'm gonna go home and make
that back home now and Beaufort is
desperate for some food right beaver I
get desperate who's hungry I'll leave
you guys a quick home update we were
working on a home project while Rasmus
was here and we finished
well basically finished right when he
left unfortunately so this is the
bathroom downstairs we replace the
flooring this is a hardwood flooring got
a new washer/dryer too unfortunately
when Rasmus was here the toilet was
uninstalled the flooring was all messed
up I think Mary should be getting home
pretty soon and it will make dinner
maybe watch Survivor
I think it's on right now but I'm
recording yet so it's all good well this
is the end of the vlog thanks for
watching hope you guys enjoyed it
we'll see you guys tomorrow we're doing
a live stream on live dot me at five
Pacific time October 6 that's tomorrow
we're giving away a $500 gift card
Amazon so I hope to see you there
you can follow us on live got me just
check out the description okay and we'll
see you then have a great day night
evening afternoon whatever it is peace
