hey what's up guys welcome back to
toilet paper forts today is gonna be
awesome because it's going to be one of
the first times we have ever
live-streamed us building a fort so
you'll get to experience the whole thing
during our live broadcast and then also
we're doing another live dot mean
broadcast Thursday I'm like the date
here you'd be giving away five hundred
bucks so if you haven't downloaded the
app yet link is in the description this
is gonna be a fun episode um yeah so
just download the live dot me app follow
our next broadcast and you who win a
$500 gift card yeah we're also here with
Rasmus yeah he's never built a toilet
before so this is going to be fun let's
show you guys this toilet paper section
it is huge so all this whole area we're
going to try and build and then during
our livestream bot broadcast we're going
to be doing some challenges that you
guys give us during the broadcast
it's not a really busy here right now so
it shouldn't be a problem oh yeah
figure out like where let's get a you
know our heading straight okay we got to
figure out first how we're gonna build
this ten minutes till we go live if you
guys have watched our previous video
you've already announced this so
hopefully you're here with us I'm
already in the mini fort I found we
didn't even build this one this order
here no did ha OH you finding the
starting point
people are coming they're gonna be very
confused at what you're doing that one
you want help the employees are picking
up he just randomly put these boxes here
why we must get in the fort before they
come over here yeah
there's nothing to get into yet though I
know keep working I don't know we're
getting ready to start the brach the
live broadcast so we did a little
modifications on the target before area
but the employees are just down there
5:59 one minute look right when you open
the app it's our thing
yay I am right there see wow that's so
fun that's so cool
I love it so we're going to start the
broadcast here and everyone that's
watching will be able to build a fort
with us and then once we're able to get
inside we'll do like challenges and
dares should be fun oh he's cleaning the
floor that's what he's doing this stream
has been started
there it is live dot me guys first time
fall no fun I think how employees are
gone
huh that man was watching you Phil who
the man over but in the darkness
did some work we're getting closer to
being able to get in what are you doing
here's the outside of the fort it's
basically done yes move around yeah I am
inside the fort and it's actually pretty
big so far it's pretty wide we just got
to keep expanding but I can pretty much
stand up and I got the broadcast right
here they're building on the outside
making sure it's clear
but once we open this up a little more
we'll all be able to get in here start
doing some challenges
look how epic this is this is the
entrance and then we got a little
hangout area but I'm going to build that
in here there's this this cardboard
stuff is annoying I'm try anything
like moving the whole fork literally yes
I got it that makes it way easier and ER
got in here guys yeah but I think we're
gonna move those over here so we can
build in that area but people are right
outside of this it's kind of scary did
you see it I didn't have time to flip
the screen around so I just went like
that
oh oh ah maybe
hi god this is the Costco where we
filmed the toilet paper bunker fail
maybe Cotton's like this is not a jungle
gym
so hopefully that guy's not here on the
backside of this is water bottles we put
a little extra appear for protection but
I can see people over there hello this
is like one of the best for sweet for me
I feel like there's so much room we have
a pretty solid for it out trying to
figure out where we want to build the
exit because there we closed up the
entrances yeah then we're alive right
now as well so this is really fun we're
gonna do challenges soon and we're just
chatting with everybody it's been a
blast indeed
Boise bought 101 tagging food hey you
have to get out of the fort and do
something and then I'll film from that
exit alright
should be like that I see this is like
the most open exit ever hello sir
dad let me have so much toilet paper I
don't know where to put all these wow I
can't get help I'm going outside to do
it dear where are you right here Oh
that's impressive that's good
so once said do the whip whip yeah oh
say can you see for the dogs imagine if
you walk down the aisle and you just see
this man
dangers going to do something very
strange now darn it
Andrew just fell and I wasn't recording
and this lady got very concerned but if
you're watching the live stream reprisal
all right hey bro oh hi thanks for
watching well the airport yeah that's
awesome
thanks I'm just gonna exit look at this
entrance it's perfect you can't tell
what are you doing in here why did you
trip me
is she filming a prank she's just bread
everywhere more than bread snacks tons
of snacks and breads no dangerous about
to fall guys during the broadcast
we're doing more expanding guys is it
clear to come out yeah thank you so much
you're like one of my favorite hands
work maker easy if you've seen our
previous previous sports they're mainly
like open areas but if you come right
here this bars in the way so I want to
open up here so you have to go around
this whole thing put the layers up right
here
I wasn't filming this but maybe we'll
show it on that he was tearing off the
toilet paper we got caught he said no no
building forts in here again he is very
upset
first the napkins
I think it was a pretty successful court
today other than the fact that he just
ripped up for it up I was being
respectful I said I could help you put
it back we didn't really do much he just
said it's a safety hazard that was his
main concern he's like we can't have you
climbing behind the bars because it's
safety but we're leaving now so we're
respecting their wishes I wish I was
filming the he just ripped a piece out
and I thought it was Andrew I was like
that was violent do I do that you're
like huh cuz I just sit in their
building and then you just he pulled it
and I was like oh me that's the end of
the vlog fort yeah
ah man I wish we were able to film get
kicked out but it's okay yeah it's fun
if you watch the broadcast you were
watching but before you leave leave some
comments down below what forts you want
to see us do next and we may do it cuz
we've been doing all kinds of forts also
if you want to see another 24 hour for
somewhere we have an idea that's gonna
blow you guys Minds it's gonna be
perfect for Halloween and all man long
tense scary yes we're doing another live
stream on live dot me Thursday October 6
same time as last time
5 p.m. Pacific 500 or give away this
time
you heard him 500 bucks Amazon giftcard
download the link in the description if
you want to enter and the app and we'll
see you then
