what's up everybody welcome back to
blogs today today we're going on the
train up the mountain that way but we
have like an hour until the train leaves
so we're just kind of exploring mainittu
right now
with Rasmus this is going to be fun it's
a beautiful day I think tomorrow is
going to be cloudy so we picked a good
day to do the guy said the top of the
mountain is going to like 28 or 30
degrees so that's going to be cold
Justin really needs this shirt world's
largest source of natural gas you can
try the healing waters
the elephant of pink elephant the pink
one yes they also have a lion or a
dragon but you want the pink elephant
okay what is this place I don't know
your thoughts as an organic local
ingredients snacks
okay stuff oh here we are what some cool
artwork
good job Miller we're going down here to
try this other restaurant oh yeah she's
trying to sell me some oxygen
I don't really that even means but see
what she says it makes you feel so good
I'm not fooling around it's five others
a minute five for five dollars for five
for some benefit of just awesome gets
rid of stress headache altitude sickness
allergies asthma symptoms and hangovers
and it just makes you feel kind of
passive if nothing's wrong with you and
then we have these inhalers that you
take with you one inhale through the
mouth gives you three to five hours of
energy and one to five inhale swill lift
your mood for real if you're kind of
crabby
do you guys remember Oh fun mean by
anyone on my family vacation to Missouri
you went to a place like this this is
the same store but here this is the hep
cool cool designs in here you got some
yer buzz
it's about train time oh yes here's our
seats watching we got up there on young
power as we get older
you know he's not drinking an old
railroad term it means it's okay to go
Oh a very simple safety rule the
Versalles rule then we're good thank you
and tickets please we're taking a quick
pit stop Rasmus eats at this time day
everyone seeing we're gonna be under
wait just a moment we're 8,000 feet up
but Rasmus has to go cool yes
oh there Oh welcome back to Garrett
vlogs
Garet vlogs you've really got to go to
the bathroom be a man - which way to the
doughnuts in the door to the left
run world-famous doughnuts you betcha
this way here's the shop up here this
was the bathroom which was an excellent
visit here's the doughnuts
these are world-famous because they take
him up here 14,000 feet
in elevation so can't get those really
anywhere else once you bring the notes
back down they like shrink yeah which we
are going to they are the donuts it's so
fluffy with a subtle crisp but it's
Rasmus thing so good I've got you all
yeah that's good that one if you look
out that way the horizon you can see
Kansas not joking so you guys are
looking at Kansas right now Rasmus is
getting some b-roll
for the short film be annoyed this is
going to be a great shot so when you
watch in the movie you'll know exactly
where when that shot happened right here
I found some snow I want to make a
snowball yes yeah snowball fight
oh do not throw that at me oh oh ouch
the views up here just insane if it
wasn't windy it'd be a lot warmer which
is why I'm down here behind this rock
she wrote this poem up here
please stop you have ten minutes until
the train leaves did you get a doughnut
and I stay away closely oh I get one a
year whatever what they taste like yeah
and we're back
there's days here well it's crazy how
much warmer it is down here I gotta take
my jacket off time for food mod mark
Pizza
oh my pizzas perfect way to end the
train ride yes the only thing we've had
today
please is a bowl of cereal you guys have
any other food oh we have a little bit I
can walk lucky not that much more better
than that not really so you can say
we're hungry you know what red sauce in
my faces no you don't laughing at me I
was gonna say what you know what the
best thing ever is when you're running a
white t-shirt and then you spill pizza
sauce all over yourself this is funny
ah we just finished lunch but now we're
doing something epic another fort and
you know the livestream you're talking
about a live dummy that's happening
today so we've got to go do that
hope you're joining us yep so we're
gonna go film a fort video Rasmus has
never made a fort so but we're not going
to film it for this this vlog it'll be
different though yeah it's a different
video so and that's it for today's vlog
thank you so much for watching and the
live stream at the fort was a huge
success so thank you everyone who came
and watched the live stream the fort
video should be out tomorrow which will
be really fun and we've just been
working on the short film with Rasmus
it's coming along quite nicely I'm
really excited to shoot this and then oh
it's going to be the best when we're
able to show you guys but that's it
thanks for watching we'll see you
tomorrow alright these
