good morning everybody welcome back to
vlogs guess what we're doing today oh
sorry there's no way you can guess but
unless it's the title and thumbnail yeah
but actually you can't see right now the
Pikes Peak the main mountain here in
Colorado it's somewhere over there and
there's a train little train that goes
all the way to the top
obviously Rasmus has never done this
before nope I've never done this before
surprisingly I've lived here my whole
life pretty much andrew has hiked this
before yeah I've done the train before
actually I did a vlog with Mary a while
ago and but my camera was broken so I
didn't know what I was filming but he
hiked the whole mountain that's pretty
intense how long did it take you well
you can do the front side or the back
side the back side took like four or
five hours the front side take six seven
nine hours
not bad that's a pretty intense hike
what did you bring some b-roll very good
idea for the film this camera yes what
is it buck to show them on the Tanner
phone okay
well unfortunately they're doing train
maintenance to the rest of the day they
had some earlier see the trains coming
back right now but we miss it so we're
gonna have to come back tomorrow yeah
we're gonna have to figure out something
else guys
before we continue exploring we're here
at hola juice Park it's crazy because
Rasmus has never tried an acai bowl
before so that
they're just waiting for theirs he's
from Sweden yeah that's why yeah if any
of you guys know Swedish you'll know why
that was just so funny
tell them what your what you said your
name wasn't what it meant by some is to
poop knowing a foreign language here
because they have no idea if you're
standing how do you pronounce that okay
how do you like your meal
it was delicious of course oh yes round
how do you describe the acai and too
good to be healthy I like that Jordan
yeah don't take it
that's rasmus's we are trying to find
some props for our movie and that we
figured maybe Glen's army surplus may
have something fun either
but yeah let's take a look
many many times
hello captain
we're the villains it yep hi dears oh
you dear they're so close by we are at
the zoo guys we have to vote for our
favorite animal orangutan what African
elephants
I like those and rhinos because those
guys are like it's almost extinct you
want to put one for draft here you go
we haven't been it is doing so long so
this is so exciting though the best part
about this you've never seen a real-life
draft it's this close take some no it's
not dark Andrew go feed him lon
what's his eyebrows Oh
hello you just pick his note I have
never thought I could be this close
Andrew put it out you really used to
give when you come here they give you
crackers but they changed it to lettuce
which is good hello miss pop yeah what
are they doing yourself babies at me
they're having a quick TS now okay
that's enough I got a practice for
Cynthia like he's about to pounce
we're at the elephant area now and this
view of the whole Colorado Springs is
just insane but we're going to see more
in there we're now in rasmus's favorite
part of the zoo yeah but these goats
they have such a cool play area did this
they can all run up here but we can go
say hi to all of them hey guys
you taking a snooze Smit Spencer okay
penny
yeah he's conked today I'm just hanging
with Shabbas what do you have to say
anything you want to say to the viewers
just let him know Rasmus you could be
his voice hello just chill here with
everybody hey meanne egora good friends
give you a kiss what do you see Andrew
and they can see so far back then take
the vacuum
he's very itchy
huh
we're in the bird Kingdom now
at the top of the zoo and it has us like
crying castle looking figure it's called
this Will Rogers Shrine of the Sun now
the only way to get into this is
admission to the zoo and everyone except
me I think has been here I've never been
here I mean I'm the only one who's been
here yes I have here we are we still
don't really know exactly what this is
or why it was built up here but
hopefully soon we'll find out this is
the man I never met a man I didn't like
you can go to church here Wow many
paintings many huh this kind of
interesting painting we have finally
made to the very top are you guys ready
to experience this oh holy cow this is
crazy
well this is Colorado for you guys you
like hiking you like yeah how do you get
up there oh yeah
is this the company that is sweet so
cool the black magic a
Oh
back at the house now and these two
goofs are playing Fifa Oh what happened
my guy was apparently outside cooking
some food for dinner let's see what it
is hot dogs and then we got some salad
here with some watermelon Wow dinner was
good Wow
why'd you change your shirt I don't know
just made me forgot to film the ending
oh and we're doing it today instead yeah
oh that makes sense
Wow dinner was good anyways guys thanks
for watching today's vlog exciting news
from hospice yes
what's the exciting news oh we're
shooting this beginning to shoot the
short film tomorrow yeah we're just
finishing up the script and everything
it's gonna be a funny one guys so we're
gonna do behind the scenes log of the
short film filming and everything so
yeah other than that that it that's
about it for video coming soon guys
leave a like and it's the old tomorrow
have a good night hood goodbye
you
