good morning everybody welcome back to
vlogs welcome back to vlogs we have an
exciting vlog today really why because
why not
we have a few things happening don't
listen aim you guys he is being very
confusing we are up in Denver right now
check out what's behind us we got the
Walmart no we're not doing another four
I think we're today we're bringing back
eating loudly in the library we have
obviously we do weekly pranks on our
main channel and we don't we didn't know
what to do for this week to prank so
good well no okay Youth Day we knew
exactly what we're doing today but we're
stopping at Walmart because we we don't
have a backpack and we're going to the
colleges up here and we need food so
this is the perfect place to get
everything then later stay tuned until
the end for a special surprise surprise
guest guys don't want to miss this it's
going to be epic we got some chips of
course had to bring chips back
what else that's we're trying to figure
out we don't know what else we want to
always switch it up like what else could
we get we found the clearest backpack
these are the only ones they have
besides the stylish girl backpacks but
we found this day's one for $2 please
the pasta I don't know how much I'm
sitting here though but I do it oh well
a lot fit in there how much is this
seven Oh a lot that's a lot more room
than blaze in the Giant Peach I don't
know but this one has dual pockets oh
yeah this one has one shine by
the way guys here's what we got we're
kind of sticking with the classics we're
going to get ice cream this time we got
the drinks apples chips of course we got
MMS that we're going to open and blast
off
romance really crunchy peanut butter a
fruit I think minions reds minions yeah
there we go we got everything now we got
a head that way to the college's there's
two colleges we even Bend these colleges
in a while actually
what is it Metro and hey you so we
bought a lot of food that we had to buy
two backpacks I want to see you try on
your brand-new backpack this is actually
cool backpack
see it nice so we're here at the
University of Denver just parked got my
backpack here and we didn't bring all
the food items because I think we're
gonna go to a different College nice
backpack you making fun of me freak yeah
get a normal backpack you're in college
dude I don't know why we haven't come to
this college more often it's a really
cool College this whole area it's just
like students everywhere and it's really
nice yeah like this school better than
UCCS if we're talking just schools yeah
okay alright this is a beautiful campus
look at this there's the library
nice person
we need bathroom and spoons and forks
which are right here cool
so I'm going first rap here on a second
level and there's a lot of kids here
guys we just got to figure out who we
get first huh anyways we are leaving
this library be kind of actually smaller
than we anticipated it's not that big
but we did get some clips at least what
did you say about this College this
College appears to be good for filming
stuff like outside if you want to do
Alcides but inside library I'll pass
yeah earlier as you saw they were kids
everywhere walking around this is just
one part of the car so probably go to
metro that's the college we filmed a lot
of our other pranks at this traffic is
not acceptable
the new plan is we're going to have to
go to the airport right now because
we're picking up the special guests that
you guys don't know about yet yeah I
guarantee no one can guess who this is
but if you're a long time watcher you
will know who this is once we get back
with them there
what the old you'll instantly know what
we're up to
oh yeah he lands it like 5:30 issue
groups and hopefully they were about 40
minutes from the airport like if there's
a homeless man this is why Denver is not
acceptable to attend at the 5 o'clock
hour well it's like 6:30 right now and
special guests was supposed to arrive at
5:30 there's something happened uh we
don't know where he is but we're just
hanging out here I think since it's okay
it's an international flight so it might
have taken longer plus he has to get
through customs yeah maybe that's it
maybe he maybe got arrested for some
reason nah maybe I don't know I'll find
out soon check out the sunset guys his
very orange over there
whoa that is cool it's dark now oh we're
gonna go in the airport and see if like
his flight or something got delayed it's
gonna be hard you don't know what flight
he's on yeah we forgot to get that info
from him
but I'm sure it's fine yes I see him
where could he be
I see em I see them there is no gonna be
no don't go in huh we have driven back
down to the springs we're about to get
dinner but it's time to reveal the
surprise guests
it's Rasmus boomers Rasmus no one knew
leave in the comments if you guys
remember for those who haven't been
watching for that long we did um two
short films with Rasmus when was that
one year ago oh yeah it was like over
here so I was like yeah yes yeah so he's
back staying for a week we're gonna be
doing fun activities exploring shooting
another short film so it's gonna be fun
guys but right now we're all kind of
hungry he just flew for 16 hours so I
don't think he's that hungry for scream
yeah but we're here at bad daddy's oh
but for those who don't know Rasmus why
don't you just tell everybody for
anybody who doesn't know who you are who
you are I'm Rasmus from Sweden I'm a
film director
yeah and I'm also a producer I used to
be networked and he also runs a YouTube
channel but it's all in Swedish so any
Swedish viewers yeah what's it called my
pas bucks we'll put it in the
description so we subscribe but we don't
understand any Swedish so if you want to
do that leave the description food has
arrived and we all got Western burgers
oh and Brittany has arrived as well
hello I'm over your first initial
thoughts of your first burger here it's
a finish that's us
yeah he's never had these thoughts or
tots he's never had taught you en rasmus
he's going to be staying at Andrew's
house
Mary's sleeping she is we have to be
quiet
so Andrew to hit show Rasmus to his
domain shoes on hit go mad
this is the office you're now a part of
and associates that includes you
we just gave Rasmus the house tour
but um Rasmus has a problem what what
Rasmus is problem something happened
member oh oh oh
British Airways they lost my luggage
with all my clothes I'm on blast how
could you do this
British Airways gonna change he can't
wear this for a whole week he's staying
for a whole week he's gonna have to
bought Andrews clothes mmm no they said
they're gonna bring him to you right
yeah thanks for getting us tomorrow yeah
let's hope and that's where all his
filming gear is for these films and we
can't film without that
I don't know we'll see what happens but
I think we're all going to bed because
it's 10:00 p.m. now any final good night
yes Erasmus has another problem
downstairs you need to go to bathroom
and I'll light the toilet is just gone
oh yeah yeah yes I don't know what that
means but the only bathroom is upstairs
there used to be one that he could use
downstairs but it's being renovated
that's okay
well guys know is that the good night
you know Sadie guna oh good not good nut
we'll see you guys tomorrow goodbye
quick last-minute update from Andrew
make sure the download live dot knee in
the description right now we're going
live tomorrow and if you want to follow
us you'll be able to see the whole I
broadcast so first link description hope
see over tomorrow fly keeps getting
ready man
you
