hey everybody welcome back to another
24-hour fort video our first video did
so well we were desperate to do another
video so we are here with our friends
airtime the trampoline park in Michigan
we got our clothes on already and what
are we going to be doing today we're
going to stay overnight in the
trampoline park the employees don't know
that we're doing this
yeah the managers and the owners they
allowed this to happen and so it's never
been done before you guys like the first
video so we wanted to mix it up try
something new and here's thanks to live
dot me for flying us out here making
this whole thing happen we're going to
be doing several live streams on live
dot me so make sure you guys download
the app in the description it's at the
top so make sure you do it and we are
doing a $500 giveaway on October 6 so
download the app this place hasn't
closed yet air time so we're going to
jump around through it 8:00 p.m. right
now on a Friday and we have these shirts
because we want to blend in a little bit
but we're just going to jump around and
then once it gets close to closing time
we're going to like hide somewhere so
it's going to be pretty intense
brother map me they gave us some cool
socks
mid-cap stocks the soaps we haven't even
gone on the trampoline park yet and all
these guys watch the vid yeah
crazy Altima we've got a little army now
let's be your very best flip Andrew you
have a lot of people watching you do
well never mind
Wow
they're raising
give him a head start Andrew go go go
don't let him beat you you catch up ah
she wants to show everybody something oh
we got a gymnast here so fight this guy
he he wants to pretend again to get a
kiss from a girl from doing of making a
bath to her we want to see this man it's
okay Jason
yeah he got a basket Andrew he's going
back are they going to give him the kids
yes as a cool taking a small break
there's a Meyer hello
there's a Meyer right here we're going
to go get some snacks and then bring
them back for midnight snacks when we
get hungry in the trampoline park now
where do we begin
we got the snacks some beverage cracker
or chips chocolate so we got about fifty
minutes until they closed dude gotta
think of a sneaky way to get this stuff
and we got a hide our bags so they
didn't ask so the employees we're
getting maggots or breaking the rules
like hey you know throwing clocks at
people if we want to go film it with is
no idea what we're doing tonight
we're arriving time to sneak the snacks
in okay so the manager said there's a
door popped open for us over there that
we can go hide it
while all the other employees I close
down and sweep off and clean and stuff
so we got to just get back there without
them seeing yeah I got to get my
backpack but they're all distracted
right now we're over here in the party
room we're going to go back there and
get all their stuff at high before they
close yeah
hey this way
there's a lot of them out there they're
all cleaning there's no more kids but
the good thing is this room I don't
think they come back in often to storage
they probably won't come in here and
clean it's just a what is in here
we've got socks
what is this
yeah wait till they all leave me yeah
we're all gone we should try and figure
out how to use that DJ system oh yeah we
can play music oh that's great so
flooring build a castle at the phone yep
I know we already got a few snacks but
they do have snacks here too so I guess
we'll see if that we're gonna go behind
the scenes here literally we're gonna
explore everything we just got to wait
until it's dark and we'll use iPhone
lights to get around
it'll be so intense guys I just want to
jump in it's dark it's gonna be so fun
you know one thing but no one has ever
done one oh right now yeah
what okay lately I don't I don't know if
anyone's going to come back here but
maybe we should put the hider stuff okay
yeah let's make like a little fort back
here
yeah it's 1102 yeah all the music's
turned off huh
what happened dude turn the lights off
does that mean they're closed
dude come in here it's very dark out
here
perfect where we goin I don't know where
to go think everyone's gone what Oh
who's that please make her way to the
main area
they have one light on still in this
place
what's over you yeah
I hope your battery's charged because if
it dies I don't know how we're getting
out of here
don't worry I'm at 79%
the grooming an abandoned like I know
seller thing definitely feels abandoned
what's good no we're just pointing down
this hallway it looks like creepy
why is there music playing what up
kind of creepy hey who did it buddy
sister playing for no reason that is not
okay oh this is like a leg work so we
have to crouch in this whole area we
found I think this is DJ area found a
chair and looks like somebody has been
eating pizza in here that is what are
you doing you just unhook that what are
you doing through this air is so bad
would you go up in the trampoline I
don't know what this is
this is like the safety den and then
this is the actual trampoline like right
here a bowl so this is really comfy
though just like I don't know why I miss
jack
take me I know it was I kind of chilly
because I think they have the AC on or
something but now I'm hot and I can go
below him how love you can see you know
knock it off dude I'm trying to take a
nap
I can't breathe out here you're gonna
get out of here
haha okay I need a wash my hands dust
like to turn with my time your phone is
so dusty I know and there's death in the
camera
go ahead today cameras look they have a
fridge like a priest sons galore walks
with it in a minute I thin bathrooms in
the front this is so weird just look how
different this looks in here I feel like
we're on like a movie set right now
the kitchen items and dressings it's
time for some snacks were very hungry
I think all the food places are closed
now so we can't order
luckily we did buy snacks okay we
figured out what the sound was this
thing just randomly likes to go off is
that not creepy please stop so we got
our snacks out just sitting out here you
stay here and I'm going to go back in
the food concessions okay
I'll see if there's any good snacks lots
of drinks that are pure sugar
unfortunately but we've got soda machine
I see coffee may want some of this later
wall ships cheez-its look at all this
snacks
oh this sounds good Andrew what wanna go
explore up there
remember the DJ was up there I think
maybe you left his DJ stuff okay this is
push the blanking green button that
might be the right answer
nothing's happening but it's plain
there's a volume discount okay it's DJ
Andrew and DJ Justin in the house check
out Andrew sweet new beats all right you
ready yeah let's go throw on some new
songs for me back in time
so you guys interested in having us DJ
your party now you uh I'll pick two
songs and you go mixing crazy okay enjoy
yeah just for you take a listen if it
angers I just I created this on just for
you check it out
I mean safety message from a
time-traveling
do not land or jump on paddy CY master
we totally thought that was a person
down there but it's a mannequin scared
me for a sec now that we're done DJ I
think it's time to build a fort we got
so much fun we can do whatever we want
no rules here guys yeah I can back look
up everyone that was such a good
backflip outside of the fort has been
completed I think this looks so epic
forget it from like a distance here okay
Wow who would not want to chill in there
but we have a bunch of blocks oh we can
make the inside epic we have done the
best of our abilities and this is it
guys very epic memory foam bed here we
wish we could have a roof but not really
sure how it's possible with cubes but it
is very come this will be the mattress
of the future just cubes way better than
ground yeah we have our account already
set up I just downloaded it though for
live Downton yes here we are
ah oh what the
Craig it just fell Oh anyway it's just
in a second let's go to our profile here
we are
j stu studios well currently if you
haven't followed us yet this is our
username and profile picture yeah we're
going to be doing a livestream very soon
so make sure you guys download app in
the description okay tell them about the
first livestream No so our first live
stream is going to be Thursday the 29th
and it's going to be super fun because
we're gonna livestream from inside a
fort probably a toilet paper fort and
you guys are going to be able to like
Daris to do stuff and challenges inside
the fort and we're obviously only doing
this from live me the app so you have to
have that in order to comment and we're
going to be vlogging it as well it's
just going to be a fun experience for
everybody I think time to jump once I
guess what
right now me 2:20 a.m. but the fun don't
stop here whoa back I know it's just so
cool full partner itself turn around all
you want
oh yeah
dunk time find some games yeah that's
not working no this one's starting
that's cool
somebody's look pretty fun but we don't
have any coins
I did find a quarter you say 25 cents
the last stop for exploring tonight is
the party zone which overlooks
everything yeah these would be comfy
actually our foam mattress better hey
yeah
but this is an overview of the park guys
it's been a good night so far but
considering it's almost 3:00 a.m. we're
cuts higher and we should probably get
asleep because we have a meet-up
tomorrow here at 11 a.m.
great this place opens at 9:00 oh no so
we need it we need like a plan we need a
sleep and then surprise the employees
yes what is that I brought a blanket I
came prepared this fort permit I also
brought these PJ's ah I'm so mad I only
brought an extra pair of athletic shorts
so Oh our 24-hour fort and Walmart is
around this time when the employees
started to restock the shelves and we
were trying to sleep but thankfully we
will have no employee stocking shelves
but the fort keeps falling apart darknet
we're terrible fort builders
it's bedtime now we'll see y'all in the
morning okay
yep I've set an alarm though so we don't
oversleep good morning guys they turned
the lights on it's 9:00 a.m. so we got
to hide there's only one little minion
here he's making a mad charge to the
floor guys we did it
thank you air time we explored
everything that wants to explore it's
been fun but just to remind you guys
make sure to download the live dot me
app in the description and follow our
broadcasts because go on live Thursday
and then the following Thursday 500
dollar giveaway guys you all want to
miss out on it's going to be epic and
challenges from a fort challenges from
your guys comments thanks again to live
dot me and air time for allowing us to
do this and making this all possible it
has been a blast and leave some comments
of what next 24 hour for you want us to
do it maybe we'll do it next why should
we look like this buddy if this if this
vlog gets 50,000 likes something's gonna
happen let me tell them what or just
make it a surprise
lonely Vern I told you we're doing a 500
dollar giveaway but this gets 50k light
guess what we're doing another get more
giveaways and more forth so all I gotta
do is just like the video do that and
we'll see you guys next time goodbye
you
