what's up guys welcome back to the blog
hope you're doing it super well today we
are doing fantastic I'm hoping today is
gonna go just according to plan but with
this RV you never know what's gonna
happen so our friend Sean replaced and
rebuilt the carburetor so we're going to
go install that and hopefully that
solves a bunch of issues you just want
to do something different besides fixing
it we want to decorate it so we just get
this fixing out the way Wow now let's go
okay in our RV RV we've missed you and
the fans have missed you too we're here
to fix you up it's it's shot here are
the keys guys oh we've been a test drive
this boy there it is guys the freshly
rebuilt carburetor what do you have to
get out of Sean it was fun
and you did this and it's gonna work
right well my dad actually cleaned it
okay I took it apart and put it back
together and put all the new seals and
everything man I'm tightening nuts doing
a good job yes so today is pretty cold
and we actually have this mr. heater
buddy we've never turned it on before
see if it actually works I don't know
how that oh I see the spark air filter
you kind of want one of those on a
vehicle blow away
oops it fits it ships we also really
need to do something about this whole
just put wood there yeah we could point
Oh see look it's got like a little frame
we can probably cut something out and
then just into place so here's the
instructions and this is like all of the
all the parts in it that it's just like
exploded and then 1983 so these
instructions were printed in May which
is fine you know it's fine that would be
like so hard to follow yeah it kind of
was but the numbers are pretty useful
because you got kind of like this is
kind of the way you take it off
the way you take it apart you just
follow this like follow the numbers and
just take it take off that part and then
take off the next part and keep going
that hurt I'm brain yeah and some of
these parts aren't even on this
carburetor like cuz you guys wanna know
what hammers were like back in the early
1800s Sean actually uses that for his
Legos so another thing that the toe cup
and he had to do when they took our RV
was take off the drive shaft or
disconnected because they didn't have
the keys it couldn't put it in neutral
so they just disconnected the whole
thing
wait where's this check it out I'm
looking so this is the drive shaft see
how we kind of tie wrapped it to the
exhaust so it wouldn't be dangling down
oh yeah so it connects right there to
the differential connect to the wheels
yep so you just plug it in there and
then it works so we should probably do
that before we start it so we don't
destroy everything
neutral oh nice Oh perfect
oh so much dirt on it cars are strange
creatures they sure are tearing you down
get out of my house what is that it's a
giant piece of like compressed dirt and
they came out of your u-joint
we'll see what say you joined it allows
the the drive shaft to still spin at an
angle oh and that is a problem this is
the new battery but that's your washer
fluid
it has lakes of like stuff in it yeah
that's gross it's not washer fluid yeah
hey Dad
can you be quiet for sale so here's your
radiator and then you've got this hose
coming out of it and the hose goes to
this thing
and it says it's washer fluid only yeah
but it's it's your radiator overflow
this is your washer fluid why did they
put this cap here it's for pranks they
just put it there so that it would have
a cap I want to legitly put washer fluid
well yeah we want to blame yeah oh this
is a positive I'm just getting jammed
against this metal that's a short
oh it's shorting it out yeah I'll show
about shorting out the brakes
oh the battery's one of the covers or
duct cover for the scale 20 most cars
have like a plastic cover okay guys
leave a like if Sean could be in the
movie Grease I like right now you've got
the grease vibes yeah man I mean
converse you got the here okay it works
on old cars man
yeah actually I think I saw come in the
last video that was like Sean looks like
he's from the 60s
yeah Sean's an old soul I sure him the
moment of truth everybody we're gonna
start but let me make sure that the the
throttle linkage actually works okay oh
it's working it's working
it's like like as if the battery's not
hooked up right you've got to be kidding
me lights work though
wait test them really yep Oh yep the
light works well turn on Ben
there has to be the battery oh wait the
pedals are connected it just kind of is
there as a flap and this is the actual
Oh dad dad this needs to go in here and
then we'll be good okay scraping all
this paint off they put on the window at
the police station
get off very cold out modeling I know I
wish mr. hero returned easing everything
he's out of gas
okay okay all right it should work now
right it should
I already pumped a little bit what the
heck we have the jumper cables hooked up
and what you just say the 70s are
helping the seventies right yep 876 hi
bo you got something secret to show us
in yeah well checking bright orange so
they're not really secret
oh that's awesome
all right so is this gonna work now we
hope
nothing at all hey guys we tried
something we're gonna see if it starts
or blows up that's the only two options
yeah we're not talking what we did
because what we did may have been
potentially stupid oh there's a click
well it creaks Wow okay so I just pump
it like religiously we are currently
adjusting things on the carburetor maybe
not we may be like Sean not even me my
dad's okay but once we get it adjusted
it should run right it should run
correctly it's getting close it's
getting close but this is the biggest
pain in the butt about carburetors
that's why everyone switched to fuel
injection altogether
gruffly I'm so nervous how nervous are
you
all right install that thing it says
fresh air on that engine has to be clean
first oh yeah we got to do the drive to
her that's the final test yeah dad I
think we're gonna take it for a test
drive and then we'll go get lunch all
this work is for nothing if we have one
small please engine don't fail us we
cool guys as you can tell the engines
off as soon as I put it in gear we were
gonna back it up and get the chalk out
of the back wheel and as soon as I put
it in reverse it just shut off and I
knew I knew that was gonna happen
pretty sure it runs worse than it did
when you guys got it now I believe in
Toby actually yeah come on not sure how
much I believe in myself but we're
making progress
whoa Wow okay we're driving this is a
miracle hold your breath almost it
almost gone okay oh yeah here we go
the adventure has begun we're not taking
them out of the neighborhood folks
another fake good going to bed now yep
okay I'll wake you up in a few hours
when we get back home I mean it sounds
good ones going so the conclusion is it
runs worse than it did when they bought
it just for now though
okay guys are back home we had lunch uh
I feel like a tiny segment of lunch I
was gonna feel more but oops I'm just
glad to be inside I mean fruit snacks
now
yeah warm in here it's very cold and I
think even though the RV doesn't run as
good as it did I think we're close to it
being fully functional we are making
progress please you like it or not
Justin's gonna call it a RV shop but
just a repair shop maybe get some
insight from some professionals yeah I
don't know what's going on yeah I was
just gonna have a and 76 RVs having a
bit of trouble if y'all had any
assistance well I I started up and it
usually turns off right away before I
even started I've loosened the
constrictor belts and actually taken
away the gasket that's underneath the
engine to talk to my wife he's saying
sir hey Rob good how are you I was
trying to get it started but because I
bought it off Craigslist and the it'll
start but then it'll die right away I
took off the spark shaft or whatever
that thing's called and then it just
kept like refueling itself so that the
engine wouldn't go it's just like I'm
not much of a car guy so that's why I'm
having trouble with the verbage here yes
I'm sorry I almost saw a flame once in
the engine that's why I thought if I
should call you guys to bring it in or a
fake yeah
that's normal when they old I was
looking in the engine though when the
flame bursts out that's normal yeah
thought it was something wrong with the
engine because it bursts out almost hit
off my mustache I told my buddy about
the fire fire yeah I probably should in
the body I just told my buddy about the
fire thing and he wanted to see it like
it was some funny act thank you for your
time and advice all right have a great
day bye-bye man if you wanted to come
over to your house and fix it up why
can't somebody come over who's actually
local I know we call some guy in Texas
but I live in Colorado you've got about
as I started to feel bad for things like
man I actually want your help sir I
guess we'll have to do more
fixins on this RV because it obviously
it's not running a hundred percent yet
the spark plug is something we haven't
looked at though that is true
we looked at the wires the wires look
new but did we check the spark plugs no
you guys have any maybe advice if you
work on vehicles just leave them in the
comments because we're be working on it
so here's a question for you guys and we
were discussing and this kind of depends
if we get the car running or not but
should what type of like interior design
style should we go with theme theme like
for example disco modern 1920s
like what type of vibe do you want to
see us do rustic yeah just you guys can
even the space theme just whatever so
leave a comment of what theme you want
us to do the inside and if you like
somebody's comment give it a like and
when we look back at all your guys
comments we'll see which idea you guys
like the best right and we'll do that
but until next time good bye good bye
everyone
