good morning fam welcome back vlogs now
that Brittany and I are officially back
home in Colorado Andrew and I are back
on the grind filming grind what are we
doing right now right now right now
we're at UCCS a new idea we'll see how
it goes yeah we got to film a prank for
Chase to Studios it hasn't been uploaded
yet so College we are here and it's a
nice day out but we'll see today idea
works by the way for all those wondering
this is what camera use for pranks yeah
andrew is all night up we're gonna do a
test clip guys to see if this is a good
enough idea okay what's the plan there's
a girl right over there he's here yeah
you're gonna have to sneak around get
hurt
her this one I heard that's yeah
what how'd it go pretty funny she was
Gately as well why'd you tell her about
this new idea you thought of randomly
suggesting your books to people we
always come across the weirdest books in
the library like this for example
Navajo symbols of healing it's kind of
like our suggesting close to people
video there are there's there's some
books in here too
ping-pong diplomacy we've been finding
some hilarious book so far lead is down
to Cheyenne books this is gonna be
Olivia so big what the heck that does
flip it up hold it up oh yeah
what does it say I married Chuck Cook
and Buford cialis guys that book is
literally probably 40 pounds yeah it's
insane
I don't know who would check this out
would be honest hey fellas do you want
to be in today's vlog sure hey you ever
thought come on yeah what is it called
um grandpa Bloggs it's called more Jase
do we just do vlogs
awesome yeah I just I just want to know
if you want to be in it yeah okay cool
right now we're rolling okay she'll be
in it yeah all right anything special
you want to say to anybody stay in
school
look we're looking any kids books now
what did you find how to dynastar say
friends the daddy book free greeting
card sign is one yay so these are fun
who's ready for viral vlogs with Scott
time to head back to Andrew's house and
we're going to edit it and see if it's
uploaded well which I think it is Indra
and I are now at King Soopers we are
finally doing the Ghost Pepper the fresh
grown goes pepper challenge here but
actually yes
yeah thank you
this is not going to be good as you guys
know we've been growing a ghost pepper
for a long time now so we're here real
quick just get some like coconut ice
cream or something that can help our
mouths while the heat engulfs it really
much joy within the woods oh yeah those
are our favorite ooh we're about to get
ice cream in room yeah we're about to
get some ice cream and we ran into Jesse
Jackson he says he's been watching for a
while so really appreciate your support
man walked found it yeah which one do I
want $4.99
okay back here's the plant and the
pepper is hidden under here this is not
going to be good guys but look what look
closely at what else is there who's that
no no no no no no no I'm surprised
there's not more on here but these
there's one and that's all we need
I am actually excited about today's
challenge because I feel like we haven't
done a challenge in a very long time I
can't remember when the last time we did
one was a lot of you probably didn't
know we did challenge but we have a
whole playlist on our channel if you
guys didn't know and if you want to see
our challenges we've done there's a
playlist will leave a link below if
you're interested but this is what we do
we set up the tripod right here and this
is the background we got the knives out
the ice cream the plates and this thing
we just finished the challenge I'm not
going to say anything because you guys
gonna have to watch it tomorrow okay
yeah cuz my nose whatever no thanks
though also new prank is live right now
go watch Brittany and I are now at her
parents house because her dad and mom
wanted to make us dinner
very nice I think they're making salmon
shrimp some yummy appetizers whoa
would you look at that yeah putting
silver killing it it's dad well it has
been a super chill evening
over at Brits family's house got some
coffee now and we've just been chatting
and hanging out just to keep you guys
updated it is crazy what Andrew and I
are doing right
you can't tell we're at the airport the
Denver Airport because why don't you
just give a little exclamation here
we're doing a new 24 for video to meet
for our for video a different state
yeah so that's why we're at the airport
right now because we are flying to this
different state and it is so cool what
exactly we're doing it's not in a
Walmart it's a totally different form
we've never done before so just stay
tuned keep you updated Andrew and I are
both very hungry too because I had a
banana for breakfast I had an apple we
really didn't think today so hopefully
we can get some sort of food somewhere
right what time it's 8:15 our flight
starts boarding in 45 minutes
and we have to get through the crap
great goodbye this security
bridge security I actually never been up
here so this this this secret security
that no one ghost or maybe I have been
here already at the front of security
and we only had to wait literally a
minute
good thinking boss thanks so the line
were too committed to a the a area this
is where all the AKS are but we still
have 30 minutes to spare I thought we
were going to have any time to get
breakfast but wait you we're going to
concourse B which is where chick-fil-a
is it just opened up last week
yay YUM
yes breakfast ready I'm so excited for
food Wow
I'm cliff thank you thank you
oh whoops of skin tears I love him Oh
Andrew and Justin a just clicks
really guys yes
Detroit Michigan I don't think we either
both of us have never been here before
so we haven't told you guys what we're
doing it but we are here in Detroit
because we're doing a 24-hour trampoline
park video and we're here with Melissa
and Patrick who work at airtime we're
going to be staying at airtime
trampoline park tonight and it's going
to be so much fun they reached out to us
I can't remember when it was it was a
little while ago and they knew we love
trampoline places and then they saw our
24-hour four and right this is the
perfect thing for us to do next 24 hours
in the trampoline park never been done
before when the first people do it how
do you feel Andrew I feel Canadian why
that's Canada isn't that weird guys hey
that's candy that's the bridge to go
over to Canada so weird how cool this
area is big buildings
lunch pretty much I ate visit yay nice
Italian for dinner I mean lunch for 15
oh this is a winner food has arrived I
got three Wow
fennekin Department yeah we all got the
same meal no go ahead
he's real family Oh hot a chicken how
was dinner Andrew you know it's so good
it was I got the camera out too late but
there's a guy back here she's right
there
he's holding sports tickets and then he
has a sign on a shirt that says I need
tickets we are kind of confused
check out this field Tiger Detroit
Tigers they're playing a game today as
you can tell all the great salesmen out
here right now I got tickets how about
you I can get you tickets too
you want to buy one hub there's another
man with that sign he's lying
look in his hand he has tickets she's
she's live streaming right now on their
Facebook that's so cool but she runs the
social media for airtime and so she does
a lot of live streams and they're just
showing us around right now cool
graffiti though just took a picture
right here meat market it's just a weird
name another cool wall that's some
really good art holy cow thank you all
is this the peanuts gone wrong we were
mind blown at all these graffiti art
what are you doing right now like the
one with huh oh wow that's cool I don't
know does it you don't need to know what
it is it's just this archive doughnuts
oh oh
bagels because we made it people asking
about their self okay where should I
cleric this looks so fun it is epic we
got to sign waivers Andrew safety first
gate so we're at the trampoline park now
the next clip you're going to see is in
the morning
we're staying overnight 24 hours of
trampoline park like we told you guys so
yeah the next clip yeah it's just we're
not going to show any of the 24-hour
four footage we get that'll be a
separate video so stay tuned for that
but just so you guys know you're back
why didn't you guys jump oh we did
what's really cool about this one is the
owners and the manager they know they
asked us to come out here but all the
employees and everybody else doesn't
know that we're going to stay overnight
so it's gonna be really fun and
potentially funny we're not doing
anything illegal guys if we're allowed
to stay overnight just you know so we're
gonna go jump now we'll see you in one
second what's happening
what happen fried cheese blob yeah but I
read breakfast now where are we
Coney Island right no like a popular
place in here yeah we don't have this in
Colorado so well enjoy the cheese that
looks pretty good so we are starting to
meet agree it's 10:50 and the meet greet
starts at 11:00 we already have the very
first grill
what's your name in Christopher
Christopher how long you've been
watching about a year about a year and
the fans here
thanks for bringing everybody and thanks
for watching dude Andrew what who else
have we met
take a look hey woody they get how long
she's been watching you get Brock how
long two years on the main channel year
and a half on the module which is crazy
and so we've just a chat with her and
we're just have a fun time aren't we
sure poison these two guys video like
five years ago maybe yeah my favorite I
think that's insane
so longtime fans here guys anything you
want to say to the camera eat your
vegetables boy more falling madness yes
we're here with some more friends hey
what you guys could say anything you
watch the camera what do you want to say
over here just serious we just met them
and he has four kids they weren't able
to make it but to his kids
we wish you guys were here and we could
have said hey to you but we're saying
Haiti right now and we're going to talk
to you on the phone he's calling him
right now by the way David do not steal
his shoes we signed his shoes you can't
steal them both sides there is
Alex
right now
Oh
hmm
we had the funnest night here at the
trampoline park we're all done we got
our flight back home in like two or
three hours but we're getting some food
first
up here on this place on Yelp broma
burger
just check out this place this is some
fancy water right here my goodness the
way this looks so good and you just got
a milkshake fill it extra deep we made
it to the airport
time to fly back home this is a quick
trip it's nice this flight we actually
get to sit by each other and we've just
downloaded a bunch of Bluetooth games so
it'll be a throw in the light hopefully
also I want a shower all right
and we're back home in Colorado nothing
can be Colorado I know we just witnessed
a very gorgeous sunset it's just good to
be home the airs fresh and that's the
end of the video though so thanks for
watching this hope you guys are excited
for what's about to happen Mondays vlog
is going to be epic so I hope you come
back Monday and we have a special
request for you guys in that vlog so we
hope you you know take that request or
this videos there's going to be really
fun to watch so I hope you guys really
enjoy it the four video when it comes
out be sure to give that video a huge
thumbs up as well and then we appreciate
you coming back and watching this yeah
so I guess we'll see ya then everyone
ease out
