yo what's up guys welcome back to vlogs
what is that I'm back I'm zooming out he
just got back yesterday and our filming
it's a great day to use back to the
glide vlogs don't stop did you have fun
on your time away yay or nay yay very
fun can't even tell you guys anything
yes I'll tell you when I can tell yeah
you don't really know what we're doing
today well I guess we kind of have an
idea today's adventure is going to
include this area of my house
let's take another look over here
immediately when I saw this in Andrews
house I thought for this is the perfect
fort
what type of fort would this be
cardboard this is like a home cardboard
custom home I don't really have that
much cardboard so we're gonna have to go
and find some a lot of businesses will
usually throw out boxes on that type of
stuff out back
oh the cool thing about cardboard is you
can we can color it we can main it and
then throw it away when we're done
exactly so cardboard I spotted it you
want wood
all those are heavy dude okay
I said get out of here yes Wow that
one's got pizza in it we just need like
big yeah that'll work
also here's some decorations first I
thought it was Muhammad Ali but it's
definitely not you want this as a
decoration
it could be inspirational check these
out
what's this protein oh really what's the
next one you found you double low prices
but it's so inspirational
look it's a cardboard chair thanks quest
live bold live well yep so many little
posters down here live pure live well
with Oh yep getting so many posters we
have to make this house look well that
first dumpster was a good find we got
some inspirational quotes someone said
that this garbage can has only cardboard
so let's go check it out then after
we're gonna go to Best Buy maybe they
have to somebody cool movie posters hmm
oh yeah there's the cardboard these are
really the only ones big enough to help
with walls yeah
cardboard only whoa
get that person get each box you got
here Oh yep that's a good box wall oh oh
is that awesome side a semi-annual big
Bibby sale this hour the name of our
fort yeah that'll be like that entrance
sign you going in oh my goodness Oh
for going into Best Buy now iPhone 7
I've not touched this before whoa this
button dude you and click abortion
pressure for yep this is the jet black
one is really cool I think well they
didn't have any posters or anything fun
so oh well great whale fill on the
ground bringing the cardboard in the
back now Buford what do you smell where
how do we get further I have no ideas ah
tape scissors fort go
outside walls are pretty much done let's
go inside
whoa the overview over there okay this
is a trial and error experiment with
this cardboard and tape yeah Android
decided to put that up there and now
this one fell off and then we got to
figure out how to put the other ones at
the bottom because this is going to be
the wall and the entrance is going to be
over there so it's going to be a secret
fort you can't get in on this side I was
thinking a staple gun maybe a heavy-duty
one we could staple these bottom ones
along the bottom here
getting somewhat of the wall up the
decorations interior design andrew found
something what did you do
I found some screws you got the maybe we
could scratch out sale and put fort
mm-hmm the big semi-annual big baby fort
oh that's not going anywhere
yeah so it's just a semi a whole big
baby okay I'm gonna write fort right in
a minute
it's the paint sweat
well I got an F done second layer to the
wall is done o Inc come down and see not
that way
you freeze doing we're building the fort
yeah Wow what do you think cool you have
to go out the back to see the sign that
stop no what is our mascot though I
guess we're installing some new flooring
we saw hardwood flooring we need to put
the whole ground like this yeah so let's
do that real quick we're installing our
new hardwood cardboard for looking good
thus far thank you very comfy you got it
dirty
there's the snack chest Wow cool the
cardboard seat which I'll try we'll see
what happens
ah II didn't break that's nice actually
Wow see you guys you don't have to just
go to stores to build forts you can use
your yard your home your living room
your deck now decorations yeah we have
to install all the decorations these are
not a sponsor here's the tour guys of
the place don't mind the sign that's
falling right now that's there we have
this is my favorite sign summers coming
feel the fun
this isn't Molly's going down we've got
this this Andrew take it from here
what's next this this what do they say
though talk about why you're inspired
beautiful live bold I don't know why
live nourished where is that young man's
shirt where's the young man's pants I
know a guy that the mascot Louis hasn't
fallen yet that's good thanks but guys
what else do you think we could do to
this fork I think it's a pretty good
thus far but leave some comments maybe
we're out of supplies and ideas
currently but I do like this
Aaron's playing games in here already we
could have parties in here we could have
poker nights don't look at me like that
young man we're here at our game store
Petrie's man we want to get a new board
game what'd you find
doofus that's what it's called no don't
fuss Oh doh fishy if we get this game we
each combine
and play on the map Aaron okay this
store is actually pretty cool because I
have this used game section so if you
don't like want to play a game anymore
being over here and it's cheaper but I
don't know what we want is in the used
section and we almost bought this game
what happened anything with many
expansions must be fun I have a lot of
fun games in here but yeah era likes the
WrestleMania type games what I rat them
all now what that says cinemas but well
we were at the mall this store in the
mall has all of our gaming needs usually
huh here we are
these have figurines Aaron I know you're
addicted to those Lincoln I know we
don't we're getting it in well I wanted
to get exploding kittens if you guys
haven't played as fun but it is the
number one like backed Kickstarter
campaign ever I'm like it something like
that it's like game wise it's really fun
though I didn't know it was a
Kickstarter game yeah but don't fear
munchkins are here we got one
can you see what that is I don't know
we'll see you when we get home
today's special a free map will they get
mad if you actually go in there and put
in there well they're advertising it
but I can't get in
munchkin zombies is the new addition
we're gonna be point today this is our
theme song it's this guy has 4000 bitch
what'd he look like cuz of me 4000
videos just making song munchkin zombies
whoa munchkin legends cards these cars
look cool here you open that pack well
look at this dice it looks like green
slime brains of hoodoos indie a what 15
I win
well that was fun yeah yeah and I think
this is the end of the vlog I think
she'll does any last reminders or uh I'm
excited to be back finally
that's all I can say Wow final reminders
final reminders upcoming events I'm
going to class later so cool also um
like I said before Friday and Saturday
is going to be just pure awesome stay
tuned to figure out more tomorrow what
Andrew saying okay you for watching
today's vlog make sure to give it a
thumbs up okay and we'll see you
tomorrow well we'll see you tomorrow
well see you tomorrow see we'll see you
tomorrow oh and twelve
