what's up everybody welcome back to
vlogs today is gonna be sort of a chill
day I don't have any plans
except for maybe doing you laundry
cleaning and going out and doing some
errands so I hope you guys are ready for
a sweet
they got chips in my throat the fall
weather is making me want to go and buy
some more fall decor for our house if
you haven't noticed before our house
theme is sort of like a log cabin in the
fall time and now that it's getting to
be full time it makes sense so I'm here
a Hobby Lobby sometimes they have I
don't know decorations and stuff so
we'll see what they have if they don't
have something I want there's this other
store that has a yellow tree that I will
get well we'll check here first
mmm-hmm what's this okay these are cool
I don't know what to do with them or we
can skip fall and go straight to
Christmas how funny would be if I I
decorated the whole house and Christmas
stuff and then mary came home was like
what is this got a few things now it's
off to go get our tree American
furniture warehouse
this is like the only store I know of
that sells these cool trees I don't know
why they sell them but they do but it's
gonna be weird if I go into this
furniture store an only bike can I help
you guys yeah I just need to get one of
these trees so I might have to sit down
and check out some couches and stuff
before so it's just less awkward
hi-oh a bunkbed futon not bad
well this beds pretty nice I think I'll
pass
so I've got this tree at home but here's
his cousin the yellow tree this is
actually a cool chair success hey Buford
today's menu leftover noodles in sausage
YUM now it's time to install these cool
new decorations we'll start with the
tree
not bad so I figured out which way I
want to turn it push these leaves down
there we go okay
oh maybe like that okay next up we have
these pieces of leaves here are you I
think I'm gonna try and put these like
up there we'll see how it was
all right there we go pretty good spot
now on to the next project
hi so I got this vase here and I got all
these leaves and stuff to put in it yeah
that's pretty cool
here they go on the table or it could go
up here like that here's the final
project we have a little scarecrow guy
with his pumpkin with his straw bale and
I'll put this above him we'll put them
downstairs
Azzam be cool we have Broncos welcome
bear already but we can move him
anywhere and then I got to put this out
in the garage
what's this this it well this is the
quick pump it was there the whole time
oh man like when I made the bubble ball
video internet man I were looking
forever for this in the garage and then
we just left without it but man was cool
about welcome bear as he can transition
from welcome to well go Broncos
so I might change that over a little
quick
super messy guys there's just Popkin
vacuum we need a name for the Scarecrow
I've been calling him Carmichael today
but I don't know I'm just not sold on
the name so what do you guys think we
should call him I was thinking of
putting this like in this area this
might work like that
I fully installed a scooted scarecrow
over to make room for a go Broncos bear
now they're a little team welcome Thanks
well the house is looking nice now just
spent the last like an hour cleaning
right now we've got some Monday Night
Football going on heck yes let's see
this play Wow
Mary's home from school yeah it is but
did you have a good day today
you like the new decorations yeah I'm
glad you like them yeah which one's your
favorite I asked them to name the
Scarecrow so we don't have any
information on walk right Buford you've
been neglected all right Buford
let's go brick oh I smell someone having
a barbecue I want to be invited girls
soccer practice just some friends
playing volleyball basketball yeah well
they can all be friends a lot of people
out playing sports tonight it's awesome
today was actually like super warm it's
like high 80s my car when I got out of
school it said 99 what yeah and it's
September cause too hot
whoa Buford where is he going
Buford Buford go get it go get it go get
it
come on buddy yeah he loves ball we're
trying to get Buford acquainted with
more dogs that way we can get a puppy
cuz meri really wants another puppy me
we go back and forth one of us will want
it and then one of us qual yeah puppies
are a lot of work but they're so cute
and mary has never had a puppy she's
always gotten like older dogs so this
would be really fun thinking maybe a
graduation present
they say I just love the sunset tonight
you look you give her oh there's an
experiment that I want to try it's a
food experiment I've never seen this
done before so I want to try it I'm
gonna tell you but it's gonna sound
really stupid I'm gonna try it anyways
so this idea is I the other day I really
wanted a mozzarella stick but it's not
really that healthy so I was like what
if huh
so what if you were able to make like a
mozzarella stick but instead of the
cheese inside was like whey protein and
you call it a Gaines stick I don't know
how to make like the whey protein like I
don't know I was gonna take some
thinking yeah it's time for dinner Mary
made an excellent meal
yeah it looks good though why'd you
would you say this is home
onion bomb so it's like an onion with
beef in it and then also a beet salad
and some chips a super good meal I think
it'd be fun if we believe like recipes
and stuff of the meals were having in
the description fumble anyways so if you
want to check out tonight's dinner check
the description because there's gonna be
a recipe but yeah but yeah marry like
started
she used the recipe to get the idea and
then added and did stuff so I guess you
can have fun with it too but this is
basically what you say so have fun with
it make it your own it's time to try
gain steaks I've been trying to think
how it can make like a protein thing
that's now liquid it's like kind of the
solid so I'm going to try and make a
really really thick protein shake with
like peanut butter and stuff and then
put it in the freezer then I'll go to
the store and get like the bread crumbs
I think that's all that's all I need
we got our vanilla protein here actually
yeah I'll do is vanilla I guess we can
use chocolate as well but yeah I'm gonna
go in vanilla
but this guy in the freezer there we go
I'm gonna run to the store and get the
breadcrumbs and then we'll try and make
some gain sticks King Soopers I got the
bread crumbs they also need some eggs
but we also need some eggs just for
regular egg eating so get some eggs
preheating the oven I'm gonna bake them
instead of frying them just I feel like
it's less work so I want to do that
let's check on our mixture wow it's
pretty solid we need to do see two bulls
mixtures bread crumbs and that ease
it's time for the moment of truth here's
our protein blob Wow
this is like a frozen protein cookie
okay so now we got to roll this I'm
gonna cut it in like slices and then put
it in the egg and then the bread crumbs
and put it in the oven
the breadcrumbs
some sites said to do it again so we'll
just do it again
here are the gain sticks here we go
while those are baking let's talk
fantasy football for a few minutes
some of you were asking if the NFL show
that Aaron and I and Justin did last
year is gonna come back I just don't
think you will be able to upload this
Saturday we're gonna do Saturday nights
but hopefully the following Saturday we
will have an episode out for that and
then also we're thinking about maybe
doing like a live episode as well on
YouTube which would be really really fun
week one my team dominated I scored a
hundred and thirty points I'm ranked
number one in the league
I'll show you ball in D number one but
guess what week two comes around and my
team decides to just not even play
basically I scored 66 points I'm one in
one now I'll show you my team so we had
Drew Brees cross-eyed I put in TJ Yeldon
this week because I thought you might do
well no Antonio Brown no Allen Robinson
did terrible Travis Kelce terrible I
picked up Mike Wallace off the waivers
he got two touchdowns so that was good
and here's my bench if you play fantasy
football who do you think I should pick
up and drop I want to ask you guys for
some advice uh-huh it's so weird how can
I score the most points week one and
then the least amount of points week two
it's just not a good week for fantasy
hopefully next week is better let's go
check on those gains sticks
aha
let these cool off for a second I got
some water this is the moment of truth
this is a gain stick hmm interesting
maybe I cooked it a little too long
hello crunchy basic mozzarella stick is
you have a gooey inside so a plus on
that part protein well overall I was
headed gain sticks were a success but if
I was to make him again I probably
wouldn't cook them as long majors came
out a bit overly crunchy Walt laughs
under the vlog thanks for watching if
you haven't already you should subscribe
last month in August oh man I think it
was like 75 to 80% of our views were
from people who weren't subscribed which
to me is kind of mind-blowing so if you
are not subscribed yet you should
subscribe also check out these comments
and that's it don't forget to laugh
every day and we'll see you tomorrow
B's
