what's up everybody Mary and I are at
you which is which is this cool
amusement park in Denver they're doing
this fun thing tonight where is it only
yeah you say the space probe the space
part of lucky the space part of La Keith
gets to go into you ages from five to
ten and that's us yay Fright Fest though
there we go here's the sign
welcome lockheed-martin people I was
really hoping the water park would be
open I'm just kidding when was the last
time you were here last time I was here
is for a bachelor party
first up swings
when all the guys were here we're like
having battles on these you're like
trying to kick each other as hard as we
could and because it's funny I'll push
you I won't push you hard but you'll
understand season that fun it's bright
up here doing the mind eraser
yeah they're getting set for Halloween
this should be fun to come to Halloween
see try going come on what you're
wearing today yeah
do it now what is it
this is like in middle Broncos Stadium
no Pepsi centers for the Nuggets an
avalanche play downtown Denver pretty
good music
this might be Mary's last ride noxious
ride ever just tonight easy bud
this ride always gets me is he now
hanging upside down because you have to
hang upside down up there this is scary
for me and this game looks fun but check
out the prizes there doughnuts dozen
doughnuts Mike I don't need that
inflatable one I just want that little
donut
yeah there's one too one more Andy donut
I'm sorry I tried to other three it's
not bad though right
this one won't be fun if you get five in
a row you get a Jersey but it's
expensive
I'm happy with my donut
I'm sorry I couldn't get you
no I wasn't expecting it but then you
got to and then I was like I know I
thought I'd get at least one as I tuned
aerobic whoa
oh sweet lights I know I wish note gave
me for you I wish we could have our
backyard like this whereas like the
lights are changing we can this would be
so sweet
well it's time to drive home now yeah
I'm pretty tired too it was a long day
it's 8:30
I know but when we get home I'm probably
gonna be like just tons of energy and
just want to watch TV
leave me alone
also check out this moon the cityscape
right there at the moon Wow we are on
our way up to the mountains right now
we're gonna take a pit stop at the gas
station because somebody had to use the
restroom the drive up has been
spectacular all the trees are changing
colors right now so everything is just
like yellow and orange and oh it's great
I love it probably try and get some
footage I brought the drones in the back
here you can see him back there hello
drone there you are over here in
Breckenridge checking in just love the
trees is so cool
let's go see our room well apparently
you have to check in down in the city
and then you drive back up here to the
rooms whatever we checked in getting
into the room this is cool this is like
a little house in here yay they gave us
the wrong room so we're right now just
checking out this room that's not ours
it's pretty nice room
I like the view outside as well so I
don't know if our other rooms are gonna
have a cool view so I guess enjoy this
while it lasts no no we can't just give
you that room but you did yeah we're
checking out the room to see what's
gonna be different in that next room the
correct room cool little bedspread
bathroom this is a cooled lamp who's
here all right we're in the correct room
now have a look I know I like this wall
everything here is like super
old-fashioned so oh this speaker
ah it's not bad oh yeah probably I was
wondering why but that's a good point
cool hey guys hi make a reservation for
tonight
oh let me check with the wife real quick
the lady at the front desk recommended
this restaurant to go eat dinner but the
only time available was 9:00 p.m. that's
my bedtime hi I'd like to make
reservations yes this is the funniest
thing there's this staircase this tree
just right or cut the tree down I don't
know yeah but like no this has to be the
staircase we are walking down to the
city now and try and find some food
reservations were a fail but a lot of
these places have just like come in and
sit down type a food walk-ins so we'll
find something like that we're downtown
now
this is the best time to come because
it's like around sunset it's epic this
is a real estate place we're looking at
the pictures this house up here is 10
million dollars for half acres this one
is just like a city over 10 acres it's
only 9:15
vlog with the other
dinner was great so plus Mary hat has
some leftovers yeah yes so now we're
just gonna do a little bit of shopping
around the town here first off the
Christmas store Merry Christmas
here's the Christmas store unfortunately
it's closed now darn it
Pokemon t-shirts here's another really
good store cabin fever
check out this onesie yes it's morning
now here in Breckenridge and we're going
to get breakfast at this restaurant and
this was actually the restaurant we got
breakfast at the morning after our
wedding
Mary was cold and I was hot so we traded
jackets
here's Mary's new jacket and then here's
my new jacket I can wear that I just
wanted you to hold it it's like riding
of it yes pinching me armpits now she's
definitely bundled up uh I'm still kind
of hot it's time to go home now did a
little bit more shopping and I got some
cooking spices
I made it home just in time for the
Broncos game yes well that's the end of
the vlog thanks so much for watching and
this comment says tell us about your
janitor life in the next vlog my first
job was a janitor but it's not as bad as
you think it is for this janitor job it
was for summer school so I would go in
it was at an elementary school so I
would go in after the kids had their
summer classes or whatever summer school
didn't really last that long for them so
I don't know we'll just say it was like
noon or something go in there the kids
are all leaving I go in grab my garbage
can my rolling garbage can my broom and
I go through and just sweep like all the
rooms the gymnasium take out the trash
clean the whiteboards back clean windows
it really wasn't that bad I didn't even
interact with any of the kids no throw
up or poop oops or oh I have to clean
toilets though so that was kind of yeah
but that was my first job so it was
pretty boring pretty basic pretty easy
well that's all I got for the vlog we'll
see you guys tomorrow but first I want
to ask you guys what are you looking
forward to like what's getting you
excited write it in the comments down
below I'm looking forward to I'm really
excited for fill in the blank cuz it's
the best when you're excited for
something in the future whether that's
like I don't know maybe a new job or
someone's coming to visit or it could be
anything well guess what pretty sure
Justin comes back this week and might be
Tuesday Wednesday somewhere in the
middle of the week I think so that's
gonna be really fun and then also the
end of this week Friday Saturday range
something amazing is gonna be taking
place which we will tell you guys about
soon we've been planning this for a
while and it's like all the pieces
finally came together and now we're
gonna be able to do it it's gonna be
awesome we'll see you guys too
don't forget to laugh everyday okay
peace
