what's up guys welcome to our first Q&A
video we asked you guys in the YouTube
video it was a couple of videos ago but
I also tweeted out to ask us some QA
questions
let's begin shall we first question does
Buford have a girlfriend do you have a
girlfriend you're not telling us about
yeah he does really like Daisy you
didn't like dogs when are you guys
having kids yeah take a date I guess I
would say someday we will but that day
is not today or that really anytime soon
but would be nice like after you're out
of school Isaac and Allie so if you ever
like pick one of them ups and then you
remember they're so hard by the way
Isaac is Mary's brother some other
questions at asking if he's our son and
why he doesn't live with us
hey what is Mary majoring in Mary I'm
not going to school just kidding
tell them the truth how did you and Mary
meet each other that would be through
Jessica yeah there's this track you guys
remember Jessica a who we visited in
Alaska we actually all went to high
school together when I was a freshman
Jessica was a sophomore and he was a
junior
so she was friends with him and all his
friends uh-huh plus when I had physics
class you had a classic right next door
right so we'd see each other in the
hallway biology
I knew Tim it's just his friend so
that's like the only reason to talk I
didn't really know you at all so we
actually had cross-country together like
the whole first semester of school we
had cross-country together my freshman
year and I like I can't remember I'm
sure
does Mary ever watch your videos to see
what you've been up to what does she
think of Buford donut video I watched
that when he's gone
I'm a like creepy stalker just like you
done every day I know when he goes on
business trips when I try to tell me
like what he does but it's like easier
to watch the vlog who those different
more when he's eating done on top of the
table it's not me other bitches to be
who does Buford love more
that's me more but I love people more
than you would you do dinner today yes
what's your best pokemon and does Mary
you play pokemon go Mary please Pokemon
on my account like when when I'm driving
Mary take over man yeah I don't have it
though I never I didn't watch Pokemon so
I like you know like Pikachu obviously
they kept friend of Pikachu and you like
hear the Pokemon but we didn't like
watch it so what is your favorite place
that you both have been and would like
to go to in the future
what was our favorite place it's hard to
say anything besides Alaska we just went
there so I guess that's why it's first
to my brain but Norway it was pretty
cool it's so expensive but where do you
want to go Iceland
Oh also Scotland those are my two days I
wasn't like I have been to Africa before
trip and I always tell you indeed that I
want to go back with her maybe we'll do
that soon I know a mission show all the
time where would you like to live I want
to know if there's anywhere other than
Colorado definitely I wanted to because
I love I love moving yeah I know it's
weird I have lived in the same like 50
mile radius my entire life like his
parents still lived in the same house
that he was like yeah my parents bought
that house before I was even born
yeah so he's always lived in that house
and that what drives me crazy can I move
like all the time very sure military
family yeah so we like like we've been
here for I think 10 years now and I'm
like dying
I don't like California really and I
love California but I think Florida
would be really fun like every time we
go visit there it's ancient
I like in the winter I guess I can not I
get along with for that any advice for
high school I'm a sophomore now and just
switch schools things are going great
but got any tips we have very different
high school experiences I don't know I
put so much time and effort into high
school which I'm not saying like you
should blow it off but I like worried
about high school and like grades and
everything like so much it like consumed
my whole high school like the four years
so I feel like I didn't enjoy it as much
as I should have that was just so busy
and I'm a job oh I've been in high
school is basically sports so what would
your advice be don't overload yeah I
don't overload and just enjoy like even
like our football team sucks
but still I go to the games and you know
go to all the activities and you know I
wish I would have gone on like
volleyball games like basketball games
to just like hang out with friends and
have pirates and things like that what
other language would you like to know
all of them
French I saw a lot of people commenting
that they don't know how to spell
Buford's name I guess technically
Beaufort is supposed to be bu fo r
that's but I know he would like put it
on his nametag and I ended up making him
a new name time because it's buffered
but that's how you agree you know it's
bu did you guys start talking as soon as
you met there's so many questions like
that or like what was your first date
and we we started like so casually yeah
we did like a lot of like friends stuff
just like hanging yeah it's hard big boy
so I was like 13 and I couldn't date
anyone till I was 16 so at that point I
was just like why even try we just hung
out with a groups of friends I guess
yeah I don't know this was our first
date or not but I just remember going in
that pizza place targets I know but it's
not considered a date cuz we would
always hang it up like was we were like
best friends but my parents wouldn't let
us hang out oh that was definitely big I
just never farted those pizza I think oh
that's what I call yeah we just haven't
gone back since what's your favorite
part about being a youtuber I guess my
favorite part about being youtuber is
just being able to create what I want to
create and being my own boss I didn't
even know this it was like a job when we
first started so definitely didn't think
that this could be like a job my parents
didn't think so either
okay so the camera died and we switched
into PJs unify scene
to show it who's better at Settlers of
Catan you I wish I was better than you
what would the name of your first child
be like are we being serious I don't
know whatever you want remaining I do it
George Costanza and goeth soda what pet
would you like to have apart from
puberty protective le horse this would
be fun yeah I don't know
plus you have to have a lot of land for
horses and I don't like going um no I
don't like cats you've never had enough
to hate them Oh cats I guess we'd only
have a dog that or a hamster
I can't sure yes no oh I think that's it
for this Q&A video thanks everyone for
asking questions and if we didn't answer
yours
I'm sorry well do it again alright very
sad well we'll do another one someday
hope you guys have a great rest of your
day night afternoon whenever you're
watching this
we're tired and yeah we'll see you guys
next time
