what is up everybody I hope you having a
great day today I need to go film a
prank video and I don't really have
anybody to film with so what I'm going
to try and do is another Face Swap video
because that is pretty easy to film by
yourself you just got to go up with your
phone like this and hey man want to face
wall hopefully it turns out pretty funny
I don't think this video will take that
long to film at least I'm hoping and
then after from the prank Aaron and I
need to film the bubble ball video which
is going to be so fun and then after
that probably you do some editing and
then do some other stuff for this vlog
let's go get this prank done here at
UCCS now it's a weird filming without a
camera bag I just got my phone who's
gonna get pranked today I think
everybody maybe in class so I guess
we'll go this way I read this fact
somewhere that your nose it's constantly
in the vision of your eyes so you are
always looking at your nose your brain
just kind of forgets about it with that
being said my nose is kind of peeling
from the sunburn so there's like little
white skin it keeps showing up in my
vision and it's really annoying just
thought I'd share that with you
this thing is so annoying well I got
some pretty funny clips just the Face
Swap app was kind of making me angry it
wouldn't hold the Face Swap like it
would swap faces and then glitch and
swap them back and swap them back and
swap them back hopefully I can edit this
and make a cool bed if not I'll just
film some more tomorrow today's been a
long day
I edited the prank video but there's
only like two minutes of footage and I
feel like it should be a little bit
longer because I watched it back and
just felt kind of short so I'm going to
film some more in the morning and then
hopefully that prank will be live Friday
tomorrow
whatever this is it's probably already
alive so just finished editing the
Bubble Ball video as well if you didn't
know Saturday the 17th is our one-year
wedding anniversary
for a Marion myself we have this picture
frame which we were going to fill up
with like wedding photos and stuff like
that I've had this for a while but we
just never got around to filling it up
with photos so I thought it might be a
good present for our anniversary if I go
and fill this up with a bunch of cool
pics
while that video is uploading I think I
might go do that but what size are these
pictures I can't find anything to
measure with I'll just cut out a piece
that fits this and then take it to the
store
Nell tell me right Buford this fits
we'll take this to the store I've got
all the pictures on this memory card
which I keep dropping please stop
Thursday Night Football you know what's
really awesome this is the first time
ever they're doing this but if you go on
Twitter you can watch this game live on
Twitter look these guys this is the
coolest thing ever
pretty good sunset tonight as well
Thank You Colorado Office Depot
well great there caller printer is not
working so I gotta find somewhere else
ago it's getting windy out here
right FedEx all right we got the
pictures these are 4x6 by the way I know
some of you were probably like obviously
at four by six but no there's tons of
different photo sizes like five by seven
three by five so I am a taster baby
David I just didn't want to guess and
get it wrong Mary's home I'm gonna have
to sneak these pictures in it's ten
o'clock now we just finished the Q&A
video maybe like 30 minutes ago but Mary
went to bed and there I am gonna finish
this secret project and organize these
yes oh that should be cool I don't you
have a flip them the other way and there
it is pretty cool
put that in there I think she's gonna
like it but I think I'm gonna go to bed
as well so we'll pick up this vlog in
the morning good morning guys Aaron's
back back for more we're gonna try and
film a few things before aaron has to go
to class so I think we have to go to
Walmart to get the cheeseball supplies
ah good old Walmart
yes pumpkins
I can't wait for Halloween and fall time
and pumpkins and yeah but look at these
these things are like nice this is like
the perfect pumpkin what is this
play these are the cheese balls we need
uh huh all right
you can take that to school we're done
and just hand him out these balls cheese
balls people have already done this
video before obviously so we're just
doing this for fun because why not you
want that I want this okay we were just
talking about food
Aaron was saying how he's really hungry
I was like oh we have some cereal
almonds like yeah I brought some over
and I was like where did you leave this
cereal in fact on the table great oh we
all know that you've heard I hope you
just stay asleep don't eat Aaron cereal
please here's the moment of truth
what has Buford been doing huh uh-oh
oh my gosh hold up Buford that was Aaron
cereal bag but now it's any object was
left back at Achra it's a bad boy bad
huh how's it taste good hey Keefer wants
cheese ball do you like load it in the
cartridge here or so do I shoot at the
wall you have to shoot at something
freeze oh I didn't come out worse ah ah
oh wow we put the cheese ball down in
the handle there yeah
gent now we can do the cool trick shots
well I'll shoot this and you try and
catch it in your mouth yeah they were in
the backyard now I'm loading up are you
ready yeah I think cuz farce I thought
it would
I'm gonna sit in the chair drop it in
here we go what Oh went farther shot
number 305 that caught wind and came
right back too
yeah you did it
nice my head was a fun little experiment
with the cheese balls we'll have to do
some more in the future but now guess
what and box came in the mail yay they
dig they drop at this package quick
story before I open this box
I got this off eBay both of these boxes
Rafi Bay and this one I put a bid on but
this was like a couple weeks long and I
forgot about it
and then I found the other box which was
a good deal and I just it was a Buy Now
option so I bought it and then like an
hour later I was like you won the bid of
this other box I was like what
so if I would have known I was gonna win
the bid I probably went to Bob that
other box but they're both good deals
now we have two boxes so yes Wow I love
the smell of rares in the morning I just
wanted to do a test because some of
these packs come with like really thick
packs and some of them are really small
really thin so let's do a test so here's
how much the thin one weighs point five
ounces to a thick one point seven okay
all are that all the thick ones oh I
thought that me point eight all right so
they're all about the same but the thin
ones definitely weigh less obviously but
now we know how much the second thin
package the first one had a cool Connor
cook rookie card see what's in this
then pack Super Bowl card what is this
whoa whoa and a red foil skills card
what the heck this one's at a ninety
nine who is that Ricky
Sanders wide receiver whoa a JJ Watt JJ
Watt red foil skills card what no way
ugh rg3 and then I was pulling in a way
and I saw we have a rare whoa that's a
cool one
mort's barking they're full of it oh I
know who that is he was like this wide
receiver from Europe and they drafted
him oh really yeah that's a sick heart
you got a blue foil Otto Qi Demaryius
hmm
orange foil at the orange Jersey that
looks so cool Paxton Hojo
yes opened another pack and Andrew gets
a Kurt Warner immortals times two
yeah except this one's silver so it's
more at a $4.99 this one's only at it
$9.99 so I like highs the upgrade got an
upgrade Adrian oh there's a rare what is
it
yo Braxton Miller Jersey card
what and a blue foil LaShawn whoa what
is happening yes this was not even
numbered still a Jersey card yay yay
Maxton Miller oh how state by the way
yes okay I Ron the last one
Larry Vincent Jackson ah de mania skills
card Devon that guy hey there's been so
many duplicates in this one I know what
the heck your nose the rears I just some
cool cards like this red foil JJ Watt
this cool one rookie obviously Paxton
Lynch Braxton Miller well I think that's
it for today's vlog I need to go out and
film some more clips for the prank so
I'm gonna
that come home edit meri and I are going
to uija's it's an amusement park in
Denver so that's going to be tonight the
Q&A episode that we filmed will be
uploaded tomorrow meri and I are going
to the mountains tomorrow for our
anniversary so that should be fun and
we'll see you next time
all right hey Aaron do you want to say
anything I watching this episode and
we'll see you next time peace out praise
