good morning everybody Jonny's up i
think DJ is still asleep
yeah Johnny went to the car and found
this package sitting on my porch so I'm
gonna open it up I think I know what it
is but let's let's do a live unboxing
yeah let's agree box alright yeah it's a
care package viga let's see what's in
sorry
what yeah here new viga protein snack
bar what we were just talking about like
eating healthy snacks and like road
trips this would be like perfect 11
grams of protein so not bad I will have
to try it you for an easy but we love
vegan so thanks so much for sending that
guys a nice little Vegas - bun right
here ah so good it's just a prank dude
just serve this is how you know your
skills and you can play my be shot at Oh
see you just like put it in like this
yeah okay so you just pull that back
so it's loaded push it up
Oh Oh in the case toy I thought just
pull the trigger you push that right
that is the safety he's gonna try and
catch it right one two three
no blow them back up Johnny really wants
to try and catch one that's not true no
it is totally is I want to see him catch
one too so
it's like a fire or something I'm trying
to close shoot DJ I think DJ has to go
to the hospital so these guys are
already packing up to leave
that's why was it something I said or I
know you kind of shot me a lot with a
gun so that was oh
you'll bring her number one eleven and a
half hour drive today so really yeah but
before they go we're gonna go get some
lunch so that'll be good
and what hopefully we can like stop by
cuz we're gonna be going back to Arizona
too so that'll give us more time to
actually like hang out yes this was kind
of very rushed and spontaneously attacks
me like it weighed like two days ago
like hey sit cool we stopped by I was
like sure nah that's cool yeah let's go
get some lunch kyudo buzz Mary's joining
us - yay burrito bowl
you dopes yeah I just huh oh hello
everyone
bye see you soon bye DJ so that was a
super short visit by DJ and Johnny like
they said they're on a road trip to DJ's
mom's place so that again they're pretty
quick but they're gonna try and stop by
on their way back down to Arizona so we
should be able to see them again fairly
soon
meri is on her way to school now a nice
backpack you have a good day okay bye
we'll see you later Buford do you miss
Mary he can look out the window let's
see what you can see see he like looks
out the window when people are leaving
hello huh there she goes there she goes
it's not raining right now so Buford you
want to go for a walk
Buford who's ready for a walk who's
ready for a walk right now it's about 50
degrees outside as we see it's pretty
cloudy as well it's actually pretty nice
it's just been so hot lately it's nice
have some colder weather we can wear a
sweater and
you've heard she's a rabbit what
where is he though he's not that way we
just came that way come on goof let's go
I'm back from our walk now short walk
because it's kind of cold but Aaron's
here Oh plus another package just came
in the mail yes this is gonna be fun to
open already opened one package today
new vegan bars dude you try Aaron just
got a new computer this thing is nice
let's get it hi 716 Wow 1 terabyte this
would be nice for school dude mmm how's
that good I tried this one oh you're
trying to the chocolate caramel mm-hmm
no it's good a Charlotte caramel and
then there's also chocolate peanut
butter
we love you yet they just make some
great stuff this is gonna be this second
box opening in this vlog be nuts
what this is gonna be a great unboxing
guys I am so excited for another box of
cards before I open up this box Justin
actually gave me his keys so I can check
his mailbox while he's gone because
there might actually be a really really
awesome package if it's there it'd be so
it would like it befitting for this vlog
since there's been packages all day but
let's go see what there is it's
somewhere in here it's just well there
was a package this is somebody else's
package though I was in the wrong
mailbox the package I was hoping that
would come doesn't appear that it's here
yet but it's gonna be a cool package
when it gets here oh just on my way out
I'm gonna get the fire fighter bros here
i wonder what's happening the time has
come we were opening up this box hey it
worked
he's many rares he's in there don't
worry this is one of my favorite things
is opening up a fresh box Wow I think
their heads poked up why I think if you
do it like this way
this yeah like that and then you can
like reach in and take one but whatever
this was like a thin pack so I knew it
wasn't gonna be a track car opened oh
yeah are they gold two out of 25
- Taylor Kelvin Kelvin Kevin it looks
like Kevin wow that's cool a gold rookie
card that's since we don't know and then
some bases that a 499 but yeah
something's not right this is the second
Pocky opens and he has a blue goal team
foil Ezekiel Elliott out of what 50 over
250 Wow
yay what gym well Ryan Tannehill oh
what's this Derek Henry Hart another
glove man
you have to treat my honey I gave you
that great is our trading car yeah Trey
gave him my last spray painting rears
are you sure I think this is it
like Ingram I like him Philip Rivers
Philip Rivers wow wow that's cool a
Philip Rivers le whatever is lunch foil
Rodgers oh that's a gross one you just
don't like it
you don't but look at the card they like
the jungle in the background that black
jersey I said this is a cool car that's
very cool
I don't think I will
oh I hope this is a sign Derrick Henry
that is pipi hunter Henry to the 35th
overall pick
that's a cool lot of those in this cool
I like a triple patch that's cool
triples thick
Jerry Rice card is pretty cool Qi Hilton
blue foil that's pretty strong really I
haven't got some - really cool patch
cards in this gold Auto and then this
tide in which I was not familiar with
but maybe he'll be good someday I love
cards or playing games now chief what
I'll show you my cards that's cheating
here's my cards this one's gonna be very
powerful that's my turn
what's this big feet you cannot wear a
foot gear great and that's the end of
the vlog thank you guys so much for
watching I just want to say real quick
and I appreciate every one of you
watching the vlogs I know it's different
with Justin being gone so we're not able
to upload the regular like for videos
and trampoline videos and Bubble Ball
videos and just those like fun going out
and doing stuff type of videos I just
wanted to say I really appreciate
everyone that comes and watches the
videos and all the support while he's
gone with that being said Aaron and I
are working on a new Bubble Ball video
that should be out tomorrow and if
everything goes according to plan it
should be really fun well let's go over
a couple of comments that I found what
vlogging camera do you use looking to
get into YouTube good question Ben and
this probably goes for a lot of people
may be getting into YouTube this camera
I'm using right now is the canon g7x and
justin have a canon g9x
but he cracked the screen and now he has
the g5 X I think anyways all these
cameras are great for vlogs if that's
what you're looking to do great vlog to
watch on this great day thank you Andrew
you're welcome Jake thanks for the
comment has non American I'd love to see
Andrew explaining football using that
whiteboard well alright let's go into
coach Andy status
all right football the point of the game
is to get the football into the other
person's endzone
so we'll say that's ten zone another end
zone get in here you get six points
place to score six points you can take
an extra point if you want which is for
one point obvious not it's for one point
or you can go for two points after you
score a touchdown so that would be a two
point conversion makes sense but let's
say you can't get in the end zone
you can kick a field goal where did my
eraser go there's a field goal here it
looks like Linnaeus okay that's what the
field goal looks on can you take the
ball through it you get three points now
to move the ball you gotta move it ten
yards
ten yards in four downs or plays you get
four downs or plays to move the ball ten
yards until you just score one of those
points what happens if you don't if you
can't get ten yards and four downs well
then the other team takes over where you
messed up that's right a lot of times
people teams they like to put the ball
on fourth down as your last down maybe
you have a five yards to go
so you punt the ball all the way down
the field and then the other team will
start player what position do you want
to play well sure now with the offense
you got your center here in the middle
he hikes the ball to the quarterback
who's gonna protect the quarterback well
give them two guards and two tackles
what's the quarterback gonna do with the
ball let's say maybe he wants to run the
ball he can hand it off to his running
back or a halfback whatever you want to
call him or maybe he wants to throw the
ball instead we'll give him two wide
receivers over here while you're playing
11 people
verse 11 people he can have two more
positions untied and this is basically
like another big lineman but he can run
around as well so we can run out there
and catch ball I will say I'll give
another why
Seaver so who's gonna defend these guys
all right we'll go for really big chunky
linemen these are the defensive linemen
they're gonna try and attack the
quarterback or the ball whoever's got it
and normally we'd play a three
linebackers but we're gonna play with
two right now and we'll play a three
quarterbacks and two safeties up here
how are these quarterbacks can cover the
wide receivers this safety old cover
this tight in probably they will say
this linebackers gonna cover this
running back that's his responsibility
this Safety's gonna place don't up here
anybody comes up there he's gonna be
guarding it and then this linebacker
what he's gonna use don't bless the
quarterback right there thanks for
watching and we'll see you guys next
time on coaches what do you call this
show coach's playbook
