what's up everybody hope you're having a
great day my day basically just started
I uploaded the vlog did some other work
had some food I've really wanted to go
Pokemon hunting for like I don't know
about a week or so cuz that's fun
I might go do that it's more fun when
you have friends but I don't know if
Aaron is allowed to leave the house yet
I guess I could call and ask but why
won't he answer his phone I feel like
you would be able to come he was doing
okay yesterday unacceptable do you think
you're able to go outside and Pokemon
hunt yeah
really yeah because I found some nests I
don't know why but I really enjoy
watching Pokemon videos on YouTube from
like other youtubers he's usually really
fun to watch I was watching I can't
remember who I was watching but they
talked about this I think it's like a
subreddit called the Silk Road and
actually is like a pretty cool app I
guess you can call it an app but anyway
let me show you well here it is what's
cool about this app it can show you like
recent spottings of Pokemon and it also
has like nest that you can go and
hopefully catch some Pokemon that you
want you can report a sighting and you
can report a nest if you think you found
a nest Bulbasaur's are really hard to
find in this area town so you go like
that and then nests here is a Bulbasaur
nest we will go and try and investigate
this area and see what we can find
well probably try and find some other
Pokemon as well not just bullets ores
but like different nests from the app
and yeah but we also need food so I'm
gonna go pick up Aaron and we're gonna
go we haven't made a Pokemon video on
this channel in a while so this should
be fun we've uploaded a couple to our
gaming channel if you like Pokemon
videos you should go check those out
whoa though the Chipotle yeah okay
Chipotle are you gonna order the chicken
steak
now I'm just getting greedy ventures
we're all fueled up now we can go hunt
some pokemons off to the nest we have
arrived to bear Creek Regional Park this
is supposed to be a Bulbasaur nest there
was one on the nearby list on Pokemon
right when we pulled in but he
disappeared so I'm gonna walk around and
find these guys also it's kind of
raining but it doesn't look like really
a storms coming soon that's good
no more storms role playing Pokemon we
quit Aaron hatch from a 5k a Grimer yay
you didn't have that right no I don't
think I have that either
lucky Oh what another 100 horse yeah I
don't gonna be oh you don't even have
one food good Bulbasaur is on the nearby
list we got to find him we're thinking
he's this way this is super lame but I
have never caught a bullet or I picked
him as my starter Pokemon him never seen
one in the history of Pokemon so I just
want to catch one please I can't find
this guy guys there he is
the first Bulbasaur you guys so I hope
all of us are 5:40 yes okay
no not yet I'm using a razz Oh a great
toss yes No
first of all bubbles are the best
bubbles for I've ever seen Hey that is
so awesome
idiot I was getting concerned we weren't
gonna find them as we walked round
basically I don't know two thirds of the
whole park right here yes what was yours
earned 176 so you got to be a good
pok√©mon trainer like me to get the good
ones guys we have another Bulba Bulba
ball AB neither Bulbasaur spotting yes
that was a mistake
had a bulb aboard he's the only thing on
the sidings menu so he can get him
well we walked around for a while and we
only caught one Bulbasaur we saw like
three maybe four on the nearby list but
they kept disappearing which was really
annoying we walked around most of the
park with the only none of them spawned
over there all over there I'm trying to
see which Pokemon we want to find a nest
for next Magikarp there's one so it says
there's a squirtle nest down and minute
down to minute oh sorry
donut magnitude which is like one of our
favourite Pokemon spots here in the
springs so go check it out we pulled
over to take one more crack at finding
Bulbasaur's and then it started raining
but look oh this was a 5k egg oh that's
cool nineteen that's so good thanks man
- man - yeah I did not find him oh wow
there he is
yes I've been down here man into you for
like 10 minutes and I've already caught
like 1015 Pokemon so epic down here no
it's the best yeah squirtle we found him
now let's keep going
I know we've said this before but we
need to have like a lot of strange
people down here some guy dressed as
Batman just drove by yelling at us
words okay
do they sell beanie babies here Jimmy
beanies what in the world we should go
look Wow is this secret life of pets
edition yeah we've got any rares healing
waters Aaron maybe you should try
couldn't make me more sick yeah I'm not
sure if I would drink from that to be
honest it'd be fun to come down here and
have dinner one time I don't think I've
ever had food down here but they had
some cool spots like this one through
eating outside with these lights on just
chilling
pretty good stop here mainittu got a
couple of squirtles and just some other
cool characters yeah I probably go home
now but that was fun
bye Aaron yeah thanks for playing
Pokemon me too
yep have a couple hours until Mary and I
are going to a CrossFit gym we're gonna
try out a workout at this CrossFit gym
that my friend recommended and it should
be fun so I'm excited for that but
that's like it's 7:00 or 7:15 it's like
4:45 right now so pokemon hunting was
fun I'm glad aaron was able to go
outside I think he was saying he hasn't
been like outside doing anything for
about a week or so so that was good to
get outside and walk around but what do
you guys think about this is Pokemon go
like dead do you still play it when it
first came out that so many people were
playing it like it was so fun though cuz
like you go to the park and there's just
hordes of people I thought it was really
fun and now when you're walking around
you don't really see that many people
playing it so I don't know Niantic the
people who made the app if they were to
came out with updates like faster it
would have kept people more interested
in the game because right now it's
taking them forever to come out with
updates and like meaningful updates one
of the updates is like it came out they
just changed the font so like the
Pokemon names which is like no one cares
about that guys but if they like
schedule like have schedules for when
you know all these like major updates
like trading and like breeding and like
generation to Pokemon yeah that's just
my opinion what do you guys think I
really hope that they do come out with
more updates more frequently but like
meaningful updates not just changing the
fonts and the font colors and a bit
limited yet I'm just really excited for
the second generation of Pokemon to come
out I don't know whether that's gonna
happen but I hope it's soon cuz it'd be
so fun to go out and catch a whole
variety of new Pokemon hey Buford doing
a go on a walk you want to go on a walk
whoa hey bud
he's been inside all day so he
take one a walk you need some sunshine -
let's do it oh great it's raining
Buford come here we can't walk in the
rain I have to wait till it's done
raining hey come here hey come here
Buford come here what are you doing I
think I'm gonna grill some chicken even
though it's raining out here the girl
still works this is gonna be some good
chicken I'll feel the chicken yeah all
that smells good well would you just
look at this chicken it is looking good
who's ready for a workout me me it's
gonna be fun trying a new one tonight
get our supplies wallet keys yeah shoes
huh here we are at CrossFit 7 1 9 Mary
said we're doing like an introductory
CrossFit class so it's not just jump in
with all the crazy CrossFitters out
there
this is a cool setup in here
I need to tie my shoes they're just
setting up this stuff right now we're
kind of exploring the gym I don't know
how you're so cold
true ladies are always cold and guys are
always hiding yeah
burning up hey I don't know how much I'm
gonna be able to film with the workout
but I'll try my hardest
that was a fun little class what did you
think so it was so good it was good for
me yes it was a good like super fun like
a birthday party uh yeah late working
out fun like afterwards like whoo yeah I
was good now we have to make up the room
down here for the special guests which
are on their way right now oh darn it I
put the wrong sheet on first
all right I just got a text that they're
here without the window who's there yo
so DJ and Johnny are here we drove
across country just to say hi for a
couple minutes
they're helping DJ my mom I'm Jewish
yeah yeah my mom's moving houses back in
your hand qu and she just like randomly
calls me like a couple days ago and
she's like hey can you and Johnny come
help me move another like yeah and so we
just drove and now we're here having a
sleepover it's the first time VIN at
Andrew's house okay
the first time you're in Colorado right
that's true there's a first time for
everything so okay thank you for letting
go you're welcome over I love sleepovers
I'm hoping on the way back that will
actually have like some time to hang out
what do you have in the morning
well we could probably stay for the
afternoon like maybe ice do something
it's about that time
yes that was my throw was like right now
yeah it's time for bed guys I just drove
for 12 hours
we watched football it was a fun
sleepover yeah we saw a dude tour we
pulled the sidelines it would be a
sleepover without the sleeves exactly so
we got to go wait on if it's okay sleep
during the sleepover then what would it
be called well just just just just an
over by the way this is a large but yeah
we'll see you guys in the morning
yeah
hey guys welcome to the underneath
