whoa hey welcome back you blogs hope
you're doing fantastic today's vlog it's
gonna be a little bit different we're
actually doing like just a behind the
scenes of our new prank video gosh
some of you I'm guessing don't even know
that we have a prank channel we haven't
uploaded in two months kind of went on a
little hiatus we're back we have so many
good ideas and we're gonna film one
today so you want to come with us yeah
so we're in the store let's go get some
supplies variety so we are in the
grocery store right now because this
idea we love the simple goofy ideas
Andrew why don't you tell him about it
what we're getting so do you guys
remember we did that elf food challenge
video during Christmastime roll the clip
so we want to take that and do it in the
library yep and we're right here by the
sparkling water I think Oh is there more
over here
probably better brand yes they have all
the sparkling water and what we want to
do is just go in if you guys have not
tried sparkling water or seltzer water
just try it
it is so carbonated that you just cannot
not burp and it's so funny it's
impossible so we're gonna chug this in
the library you all behind people it's
gonna be a good time so we may need this
yes
you've made it to location got our
handy-dandy
YouTube prank bag we've been using this
bag for my goodness how many years
definitely years this is the prank
camera if you guys have never seen our
prank camera it's a nice simple little
handheld 4k Sony yeah you can easily
hide it yeah yeah it's perfect for
pranks but I remember like a couple
months ago actually many months ago I
ran into this lady at the mall who went
to one of these colleges we prank and
she's like you Wyatt wait where have you
guys been we need your pranks oh really
she's like me and people are just
getting too stressed out they just need
like a break and some laughter so that's
what we're doing we're back we're here
for we heard you whoever said that and
we're here you remember who you were but
anyways I remember that conversation are
you ready to go inside oh we got to get
miked up love it
hey give it get yourself a nice piece of
tape we do we use this Sennheiser mics
let me put this mic under our shirts and
put the tape on it and then just stick
to our shirts so that's how you can hear
us no long wings but we're probably
gonna need a new cord soon because it's
starting to fray
unfortunately these cords like 130 bucks
for some reason that's why we haven't
bought one sooner but luckily it's still
working and we've had these we've had
these for literally four or five five
years probably man the button came off
I remember that vlog we were working
around because there you couldn't push
the button so we stuck a knife in there
and it kind of like electrocuted stuff
and then the settings went back to
normal so whatever happened it worked
but here we are guys the brand new
library at this college it's like four
stories it is amazing when all the kids
are out
yes okay for some reason it's not 20
people in the areas we've explored in
this library there's one guy over there
that's okay and you just did it we're
reviewing the clip to make sure the
audio is good as Andrew just did a clip
and they're watching our videos in here
whoa how'd you guys find our videos oh
that's awesome
did he disturb you guys well thanks for
being good sports guys yeah
you got a clip but we can only get one
clip in there because it's so quiet
Andrew you've almost gotten through your
two-liter bottle how do you feel full I
felt last burp like barely anything came
out cuz it's just wow your bowels are
going what's happening you would need to
get some clips I need a break
how much you have left I cannot drink
anymore are you full
I have to go pee very very bad
Paul burping after the fact Oh
when you get to a restroom quick
Oh been getting a bunch of good clips I
think this is gonna be a funny video and
it's about lunchtime as well so we're
right by the lunchroom this food is
making me hungry
I'm so hungry I'm not thirsty though
just Hong Kong zero thirsty I think I'm
hydrated for the day but we're just
finish up with just a few more clips I
have this much water a lot hopefully you
get a good burp good clip and get back
home and it is like we were saying
earlier very hungry zero thirsty
thank you can you guess where we are
before we get to the window in 3 2 1
we'll see in a second yes sauce ranch
instructure
where are we ready is your change thank
you
thank you this is gonna be good guys one
of the many reasons why I like
chick-fil-a check this out on the
receipts get a free chick-fil-a sandwich
just because I bought one I get a free
one you know we used to do a hack is you
check the trash cans because people
throw those receipts away mean injuries
to do that in Denver and we get tons of
free sandwiches I know we had a streak
going on I had so many free sandwiches
never paid for them thanks chick-fil-a
here's the product do you guys ever get
this one instead let's see under the bun
what we want to know what this looks
like what you get is the grilled chicken
it's got bacon in some cheese and some
lettuce or so good and the two sauces
good yo
thank you Jesus this is my meal
wifey prepared it for me thank you
bacon maiya sandwich with some veggies
lemonade it keeps doing this
leave a comment guys let us know what
you're having for lunch yeah
you're filming yeah
well guys this is the end of the video
thanks for watching we have a fun
announcement for you all so if you guys
have been following us like on snapchat
or previous vlogs we announced then
we're doing an overnight challenge in
the woods in the fort we found well we
did it but completed it's coming out
Friday so here's a quick preview to just
get you excited ah to come back here
Friday and Saturday we got a two-part
series it's gonna be epic some crazy
stuff happened so I'll see you back here
then or tomorrow whenever you watch
alright
you
