what's up everyone welcome back to vlogs
thanks for clicking on this video super
windy today but we are going to an Air
Force football game yeah
warmups right now I guess well here's
our seats pretty good seats Mary was
saying she likes to sit higher up
actually because then you can like see
more the field so when you're down there
you only get to see like that section or
that section good spot we're gonna go
walk around now if you guys smell what
I'm doing right now making attention
enjoy this afternoon somebody tells the
smells I think the next step up in
technology is going to be transmitting
smells that come out of your computer
screen
it's got to happen it's the wings have
little again to be the kid where are
they really giving you the stars and
stripes with this United State
what's he doing
fans here whoa yeah that's awesome
it's never quiet over grad school they
come gonna be sick
you got a high five from the cow got
some football snacks chicken yakitori
don't have help up got a few more snacks
you found some butter popcorn I got some
chips
yes
Air Force is running 48 214 so we're
gonna go home now there's only 8 minutes
left in the game James kick his thirties
first down Panthers back from the
football game was a fun game but as you
can tell I got sunburned
I'm so mad but I hate being sunburned
and Mary got a little bit Sun too
this morning it was like so cold outside
our house was cold we were driving to
the game the car said is 59 degrees
outside it's just like when it gets cold
you don't think I put on sunscreen even
though the Sun is still powerful or late
lighting is terrible in here
I guess what wait we are on our way to
Mary's parents house now with Buford
wait where is he yes leezar got Buford
they're throwing us like a anniversary
dinner because our one-year wedding
anniversary is next Saturday the 17th
so a little dinner tonight even my arm
got sunburned I don't know if you can
really tell but so the Sun was on our
right side the whole time thing it pull
pork salad fruit yum no watching the
wedding video yeah see all the ladies
are over there it's just it's just me
and Isaac as the borough's right I'm
going to do not let that robot get me oh
wow I'm gonna get you better run I got
you yeah Darth Vader
ALPA walk with bids on numbers to a
hypothesis how much to my favorite I
almost got sucked ding homos Oh moose oh
yes I don't see anything
this cameras awesome thanks
are you gonna try and find Buford I
can't find Bigfoot and Chico here you
see him yeah good job I'm going to get
you what I'm going to get you high
whatever with why do I need before well
it's a morning now last night went a
little bit longer than we anticipated oh
well right now we're going to church and
after church maybe watch some football
yeah just a little bit football just a
little bit
Perry our folks were a bit late so get
in there and get a seat
back home now hey Buford did you miss us
hmm
Marian was telling me yesterday that in
elementary schools now that they are
teaching 911 as a historical event which
is like super weird because for us it
just it doesn't seem like it was that
long ago and now for the kids in
elementary school had to learn about it
in history class because I was in
elementary school in fifth grade when
that happened and actually my friend
Chris who is at the fantasy draft party
was the one who told me and I don't
really understand like what was going on
Buford loves our grass Buford so think
I'm gonna watch a little bit of football
and then we might go do some work on my
car so it needs a tire rotation so it's
pretty easy to do we're at that Auto
hobby shop the Air Force Academy has
this cool place where you can come and
put your car in a lift you can work on
it lifts make things so much easier to
work on cars so we're just gonna rotate
my tires today usually we do like an oil
change but I got that done at the
dealership because sometimes dealerships
have good deals on oil changes for
example Chevy will give you like a free
oil change up to like twenty-seven
twenty four thousand miles that's a good
deal
hey guys welcome to the underneath of
the Dodge Durango we're gonna in today's
episode tires
not been under this car yet so this is
cool I know it's nice it's like new cars
because you get like free oil changes
and everything yeah like so Mike I was
weren't new but we bought them from a
dealership so we can so much time it's
still under warranty but I would say
Chevy offers better incentives for
buying a car garage so I like those guys
Mary loves working on cars by the way
too little mechanic
I have Sony machines here you can use
too so he's got that tire balance
machine right there so we get a nice
bounce on the tires
frank inspection what's your assessment
there good
yes the rotors are fun too oh yeah we a
lot of life on those brakes yeah it's
super super blurry if you can turn it on
there yeah yeah yeah I got plenty of
time for a break change well we had a
small complication one of the lug nuts
I can't tell now but the this is
breathing so no what is that it's just
like that oh yeah anyways she is broken
now just the threading thing yeah that
yeah so I'll try said the threading kind
of messed up but we should be good to go
with five until we get to the parts
store we'll buy another one and just
throw it on Oh for yeah five would be
nice hey there little bud you going for
a ride and got fried Oh last tire
installed coming down
all done
I only cost us six bucks just to be able
to rent the lift which is a great deal
we just got to go to the auto parts
store and pick up a new lug nut six
dollars stuff abundant casualty today
was one lug nut so now I know I know
do you know what well I like reversed it
and I didn't check to make sure it was
still on so I think that's why it rip to
the credit they have a used-car lot so
we're just kind of looking at like a lot
of campers right here and look it's got
cool artwork baby fur nice I can't see
in there but yeah that's cool I told
Mary she could get a Jeep
this Jeep she's always wanted like a
green Jeep she could paint it green what
no that's a good touch this RV is
$20,000 it's kind of a lot for an RV if
you like Mary just looked up the prices
at Walmart here because they do cars too
and she was saying that $80 a wheel to
balance so we got a good deal
most places charge about ten to fifteen
dollars for rotate the wheels
so just to move your tires around cost
ten bucks so we're in college you know
you already don't have enough money to
do anything so it's like then you have
to like pour all this money forty
dollars into just like rotating and
balancing your tires
yeah unfortunately advanced auto parts
do not have the lug nut so I checked Pep
Boys which is right down the street and
then if they don't have it up in order
the dealership tomorrow
wait what's today's on it tomorrow all
right Pep Boys were counting on you come
on through we need this little guy yes
Pep Boys head lug nuts yeah as long as
they go on yeah I guess well test cuz
they don't go on darn it we're going to
go into sprouts real quick so even get
some snacks and I said sprouts earlier
but I meant to say Whole Foods so oh
there there we go we got our snacks go
home
I guess snacks and lunch kinda but also
I love talking sports so in football
Sunday's come around you guys should
tweet me and we can talk sports tonight
we're doing a fun activity we're to go
into that carnival we saw it was a last
vlog you got a nice sunset going on
tonight ooh
Wow let's go explore darn it it's over
they closed I wanted to go last year I
know we always have you go this year
every year we see it in the parking lot
here we tried to go but they didn't like
us we were like we were waiting until it
got darker outside because there's more
fun with all the lights and all this
stuff going on but they close at 6:00
today now it's over for the year I wish
we got folks coming up
yeah at least we park this here see look
how much more fun it is with the lights
going messed up come on guys uh well I
guess we'll come over and say hi to Erin
I film something with Erin and I forgot
to put it in the vlog so I'll put that
in right now - say hi to Erin this is
the first time we're seeing Erin live oh
how are you feeling yeah I feel like a
yeah also I wanted to show you guys
something else that's super awesome I
came over here a few days ago cuz when I
was little I used to collect beanie
babies and I know some of the beanie
babies out there are going for lots of
money so I went to see if I had any of
the rares check out my collection yo
that's rare this one it's red this one's
pretty rare just because the tag is a
mess-up tag we had one of those
we had like some action figures I have
like a football helmet so we had put it
on the duct and like do extreme sports
what but some of these like if they had
tags would be more rare like he is
pretty original slaw oh wow I didn't
even know that this tricky is like
decently rare but I have like one of the
super rare ones I was little I play with
them so I ripped off the tags all right
Jesus I know I had him cuz I just laid
him out like couple days ago but I had
the bigger version of him which is like
one of the original original guys so
weird how beanie babies are like really
collectibles like I don't get it but
okay looks in the pile and I thought
this was a Charmander but guess what
it's a Digimon Digimon digital monsters
but the vivid that bit BAM oh ah Aaron
found him if only you had a tag I know
he'd be the rarest of them all ah yeah
these two are pretty rare wigs there's a
moose where oh there he is there's a
buff this one he's very rare this guy's
extremely rare but know why those are
made in 1993 these are the rare ones
yep I also have a few that are still in
the bags here like from the Happy Meals
I wonder if these are clucking too many
what's that I heart Colorado desk ooh
bye Aaron put Aaron Hey
so I hear a little better than the last
time we saw you right yeah
that's good yeah you said you might be
able to leave the house soon yeah
Wow
glad you're not getting worse that would
have been the worst yeah
worse than what I was would have been
bad Aaron had to get his tonsils out and
gets mono now what else is going wrong
with you he goes it's gonna be huge
what late-night King Soopers run it's
like the old days at the apartment Mary
and I are really desperate for some
slushies from Sonic but we don't want
Sonic slushies
the sonic isn't really known for making
healthy beverages but they make good
beverages so I think we're going to try
and get some ice we're going to grind it
up maybe put some like maize in it or
probably bass and make our own little
slushies
ice plushies slushies how he wants you
want a donut slushy or maybe a bacon
slushy five years whoa that's the
coolest thing in the planet cuz we all
hate when there's too much bison I'm not
drinking yeah I'm especially okay let me
try buddy that's good and on that note I
think it's gonna be the end of the vlog
so thanks for watching if you enjoyed it
give it a like you wanna say anything
nope we'll see you back here tomorrow
oh there will be some special guests
coming actually tomorrow night always
staying one day but should be fun you
guys are gonna enjoy it I promise
okay so we'll see you here tomorrow all
right
I found it yes some water leaked in it
and ruined the paper though
