what's up everybody welcome back to
vlogs did you guys see that Broncos game
last night that was so intense that was
a great game if you didn't see it the
Broncos won so what are we gonna do
today today's agenda I need a haircut
look bad new gyms geo caching good
geocaching so I think that's what we'll
do today I got a haircut in Alaska and
she did an okay job like she did this
side pretty well with in this side she
didn't cut I don't know why so yeah I'm
gonna go get a haircut Buford did you
bring your toys outside to play with you
put these back inside cuz I'm leaving
okay come on
you can play with squirrel in the house
Sports clips just a quick haircut all
done with a haircut
not too bad the cool thing about
haircuts especially for guys it's like
if it doesn't turn out the way you want
it just wait like a month and then you
can cut it however you want so off to
the gym quick gym story / update so
we've been going to lifetime for a while
I can't remember like but like a year or
so my whole like fitness goal is to gain
like some more muscle weight so I was
like hitting the weights hard and going
to the classes a lot of stuff and like I
actually ended up losing some weight
just cuz like burning like calories and
fat and stuff we stopped when we went to
Alaska because we went on vacation and
then when we got back life time they
randomly canceled our gym membership
like we tried to just and I tried to go
film there and like oh your membership
is canceled like why so that's kind of
annoying we are kind of looking
exploring new options for gyms we might
try like going to maybe a CrossFit gym I
think meri really wants to try like hit
training I think that's what you call it
but with her going to school and work
she's really busy so it's hard to like
not only just pick a gym but also get
into the routine so while we figure that
out I really just want to find a place
where I can go and lift while we figure
out what gym we actually want to go with
so I'm here at Gold's to see what kind
of prices and yadda yadda yadda they got
I would say I'm probably the strongest
I've ever been in my entire life because
like in high school I never like really
weight lifted I was always like a runner
and did track and stuff so I've been
trying like
get more into weightlifting instead of
like all cardio and running and stuff
hey
I go to ghouls - it's funny in her prank
really make it fun not really making fun
of but I just say oh man you going to
goals tonight
not bad Gold's not bad I don't think I
would make this our permanent gym but it
might be fun to try out for a little bit
I didn't give us Mary and I to temporary
passes that we can use into like Monday
so that's cool look who just rolled up
its Buford how's it going buds
there's bud number one and bud number
two you obviously it's time for lunch so
we are making some wraps with some
chicken and some vegetables onions
cilantro and celery would you just look
at these delicious wraps they leave they
Lucius hey do you want anything from the
store a red box or food or anything okay
I'm pretty good right now okay
if you think of something text me
doesn't even
kind of sick child doesn't want a movie
look I mingle my teeth ah they just flew
by your thing I'm even sense them yeah
what's wrong with these people who buy I
have stuff for my Monday
yeah oh I don't know if you'll be able
to see it I don't know that I was scary
though there's like boom I'm trying to
have an intimate moment with the viewers
about mango my teeth okay after oh
that's a good idea we are going to
Costco because that's fun so I saw some
of you asking like where Mary is most a
day because it seems like I'm home alone
or when we're filming she's not at the
house you're not you know how to come
over uh-huh
like two hours a day including that
thank you she goes to school five days a
week and then also has work so usually
get home like around 6:00
I'd say 7:30 and I was off that's where
she is most today Fridays are shorter
days for her which is awesome I think
would be fun as if you and I did like a
Q&A for a video oh my good man you think
that'd be fun I'd be so so if you guys
want to leave some Q&A questions in the
comments oh yeah you can include
Beauford we can ask him to meet Amish
about forgiveness addiction carbs
doughnuts and bagels leave some Q&A
questions down below you can tweet me as
well
oh yeah I'll tweet out as well but yeah
you
oh we're thinking for Halloween of maybe
giving out like big candy bars maybe
like just one big york peppermint pattie
Mary Mary doesn't want to give kids
Keene but I do it's so job we can buy
some good candies maybe they have
Justin's over there peanut butter cups
we got a ninja turtles outfit for Isaac
because I have a ninja turtles outfit as
well so we can be sisters I think the
time has come for geocaching I haven't
been geocaching in a while are you ready
to go geocaching okay yeah he's apple
chips fresh you're really good I just
want to eat them so good the geocaching
squad is back at it again except this
time they're on their bikes as they go
and explore the world finding epic rare
Kia caches but what will they find
failure success find out next after this
commercial break
all right we are semi-closed to our
first geocache let me whoops so we got
to go that way so the coordinates say
it's somewhere right around here
a mystery thing that's just small yeah
and yeah this one's fun because you have
to solve a puzzle to get like to the
next coordinates and stuff my dad so
this would be really fun I think it's
somewhere in this patch of trees it's an
extra small one so oh there's a bird
we're having trouble finding this one
bird maybe the geocache will be in this
man's shoe any clues is just a shoe
boring well we give up on this one
plenty of other ones to find so log
mystery did not find it says it's right
up that way dang it for the construction
zone I feel like for this one you'd have
to come in there not working on it and
then you just go down there and find it
that one would be fun but we can't do it
right now we're on to the next one but
this one is right next to us swamp Sun I
don't know if this one's gonna be like
in the swamp or if it's just like on the
edge let's go find out I'm going in guys
do it for the vlog I'm gonna do it but I
don't know how to get in there mostest
it looked like a geocache though but
there's nothing in here wait there might
be nope it's just water never mind it's
just water in there one of the things so
that they hung it back up on a tree so
I'm kind of keeping my eyes high if I go
down that area okay here I go
this is super weird in here
let's he'll say something
I found it yes some water leaked in it
and ruined the paper though look it's
super wet the water ruined it but this
one is in a bag but I don't have a pen
so we did find this one in the swamps I
guess I'll just leave it here where I
found it
found it
yay run our way to the next geocache
it's a beautiful day for a bike ride a
bit windy though if you continue that
way you'll run into an elementary school
and that's where I have my first job as
a janitor we searched in these few trees
right here whoa check this box so it
looks like the only spot stuff you know
you can hide it what's in here there's a
brakes plus coupon maybe it's a butter
here no I don't see anything
I always check like the recent activity
on the geocache app but someone said
they found it instead clever hide like
what does that mean this is another
mystery one and it says that the cache
is not at the location you have to solve
the puzzle and the puzzle says small
pine trees that's all it says we were
thinking maybe one of these signs had
tiny pine trees on them but we can't
find that dang it no pine trees
I don't know where this one could be but
it's got to be something like that so
maybe we'll drive out to school and see
if Mary was saying maybe there's like a
mural with tiny pine trees or something
searching searching searching nothing at
the entrance with tiny pine trees we
found something
it could be it look yeah it's a painting
of a bear but look what's on it tiny
pine trees well please be down here
that'd be so cool these are tiny pine
trees for sure let's check these holes
first nope I don't see anything in that
one these colors on this tree are really
cool right now we're stumped again I
thought for sure this was going to be it
unless this like wasn't the little pine
trees where is it we searched everywhere
we have to go home now we're having
dinner to go we're on our way to a high
school football game Liberty's high
school football game that's where Mary
and I both went to high school it's
where her brother goes but this is their
homecoming game and my pocket is buzzing
I was trying to say British brothers in
marching band so they do the halftime
show so they can be fun to watch this is
going to be like the best high school
football game because they have you can
see the airplane up there already but
they have the wings of blue are going to
parachute in with the game ball this can
be show awesome
what much over there they got really
cold really quick it's almost halftime
then we're going to watch the show and
then probably go home huh can I be yeah
see that's the marching band what
instrument does Sam play these bands so
he can do intimate so we need add down
okay
it's very cold my nose has been running
fly can our shyness everybody came up
and said hey during the game my camera
is almost dead so we really want to go
give Isaac his Ninja Turtle outfit we'll
see if we can do it when they get
fireworks too
we got nothing no yeah parachuters come
into the game ball
halftime fireworks the halftime didn't
relieve okay afternoon Asgard a point I
never showed you the square but it's
like 30 35 zero something yeah we got
like a couple first downs maybe you look
it up go they're just black them this is
for you do you know what that is
it could be oh you have a lot of
costumes which one's your favorite
capital mint on diamond and now you have
a ninja turtle yeah
a carnival fair thing won't need to
check that out the next couple days
every year you've never gone Buford hey
buddy we're back home now and I think
that's it for today's vlog thanks for
watching if you enjoyed it give it a
like and I saw these comments on
yesterday's video that made me laugh
they were awesome don't forget to laugh
every day and we'll see you tomorrow
