good morning everybody I just dropped
Justin and Britney off at the airport
for them to start on their adventure
we'll see them later this month I think
it's time to get ready for the day
already for the day got my orange pants
on because the Broncos are playing the
Panthers today it's NFL kickoff yes but
also I needed to take my car down to the
dealership Ian oil change really bird
who did this maybe after the oil change
I'll clean out my car because I haven't
cleaned it out in a while it's getting a
bit dirty in here
hey guys have eaten oil change and then
take too long there is a vacuum place
right up the street so go up there and
we'll vacuum out some rocks and stuff
well this is it but the only way to get
to the vacuums is to go through the car
wash and I do not like this car wash
Justin I turned it out like a few months
ago and it first opened and it was just
was not good so
I'm gonna skip this ah
back in high school I actually applied
for a job as a car detailer I didn't get
it
hell done cleaning car looks good it's
time for some lunch now since Justin
left i sat down and wrote down about 10
to 12 vlog ideas that I could do while
he's gone and one of those I wrote down
is called the secret life of Buford I
really want to do this video because
Buford has a reputation for getting on
the table and eating food that we leave
out when we're gone so I want to see if
we can set it up to where we leave some
food on the table you're not talking to
you
and film and see what he does
kind of like the secret life of pets
that movie they came out but this is the
secret life of Buford you literally have
no idea what I'm talking about right now
do you but one of Buford's favorite food
groups is donuts like me if we go get
some donuts and leave them on the table
and then set up cameras and then leave
the house I can almost guarantee that
he's gonna do something suspicious so
let's go to the store real quick King
Soopers dead oh look these donors have
footballs on them
a blue and orange swirl Wow
and football doughnuts
in bed
is it bad that I've memorized the code
for donuts at the store actually
memorized in high school so it's not
that bad you smell something don't you I
try to get the most plain doughnut I
could that they had just because I'm
basically feeding my dog a doughnut so
if I should get one that doesn't have a
bunch of frosting and sprinkles and
stuff that'd be great so I just got like
a basic cake doughnut okay so now we got
to figure out where to set up the
cameras what cameras to use and how
we're going to do this I think the best
way to do this is I'm going to show up
you for the bag and just casually leave
it on the table and then tell him I'm
leaving then he'll know he's being
sneaky
we got a GoPro we've got this camera but
I think I'm gonna set up this camera and
use this one to vlog with during this
part of the episode because yeah so this
won't be easier to set up I think it
would also be fun to do a live stream
during this so you guys can watch it
live and see what happens and then that
could also be another camera angle
potentially so I think it will live
stream in that case some of you have
probably already seen this all right we
got this angle it's pretty good of the
table here now where should this one go
all right I've got all the camera set up
we've got this vlog camera here I move
the GoPro I put it on the table
Wow and then also right here is going to
be the live stream so hopefully this
works because I said tons of cameras
watch beaver just sleep the whole time
and not even go for the donut but you
wanted done that right Buford you've
heard once donut here's the live stream
set up pretty good view here oh I got a
hit record on the cameras that's very
important I put the donut there with a
few little crumbs okay Buford I'm
leaving now I'll be back a little bit
let me my donut is like waiting for me
to leave I don't even see him but there
he is he's in the window he's watching
me leave okay so I just drove around the
block and I'm just going to sit here
it's it's 439 I'm gonna give it 10 maybe
15 minutes and then I'm gonna head right
back if I had another phone where I
could watch my periscope going on that
would have been a lot better because I
could see what I was going on in there
but I guess it's works too because I'll
be surprised when I look at the footage
later of what happens so I just realized
the mic recording level was down like a
ton so I don't know what it sounds like
last time I had to like turn up the
volume and final cut like all the way so
hopefully this is better man new mics
it's been almost 15 minutes I feel like
that should be enough time for Beaufort
to sniff out a doughnut and attack I
guess we'll go see what he did this is
really exciting for me because I have no
idea what happened if you're watching
the periscope then you already know what
happened but yeah am I going to see a
donut Massacre scene or just him
sleeping
well let's see what happened you heard
oh my Buford what have you done you made
a huge mess well here's the aftermath of
the donut do you leave any for me
Buford it's like he's not supposed to do
this so it's like it it's like I want to
be mad at him but I made him do this so
I guess I won't be too mad but don't do
this again Buford I just finished
watching the livestream I went back and
watched it was actually pretty funny so
hopefully you guys enjoyed it watching
it I feel kind of bad for Buford you had
to eat a whole doughnut he'll survive
he's eating tons worse than just a
doughnut enough time to just lay there
like a blob right beyou its 537 I think
the Broncos game starts at 6:30 I don't
know if that's kick-off or just when the
coverage starts but I am so excited yeah
I'm gonna see if I can get this vlog up
before the game starts that way I can do
sit back relax watch Broncos eat some
food before the vlog hands let's do a
couple comments of the day when Aaron is
better can we get some day in the life
of Aaron vlogs I say yes a lot to ask
Aaron though Andy I liked how you sat
down and told us your mono story
you guys should tell more random stores
in vlogs like that yeah I enjoyed
telling that story I'll try and think of
a few more to tell you guys and that's
it for today's vlog thanks for watching
and hope you enjoyed it and be sure to
give a like for Buford being a champ and
eating a donut no more doughnuts for you
but go Broncos we'll see you guys
tomorrow
okay have a great night everybody or day
great after just peace
