well good afternoon everybody welcome
back to vlogs starting the vlog off a
little later in the day today Andrew and
I spent the afternoon uploading this
week's prank so if you haven't seen that
you can go check that out it is up now
but currently I am out here with
Brittany but check out
Brittany's outfit today we're doing a
photo shoot right now here at this cool
tunnel it's pretty cool dear
yeah see if we got we've been doing this
for like 15 minutes I'd say so far so
you can kind of see it we're trying to
accomplish that sort of look echo you
getting some prime shots all done with
the photo shoot those pics you play Mae
I've already seen or maybe we haven't
posted them out now but they'll be up on
our Instagram soon now it's time to get
some dinner because we are starving I
decided to take a drive down on my
favorite stores here in the Springs
Dale's cards here you go Dale's cards if
you know what Dale's is you know it's
about to happen
yes may need to get one of these as well
all right here's the box I got tops
triple threads
I hope there's tons of rares in here the
guy was telling me I think well I think
he was telling Justin my last time we
were here that they're not making triple
threads anymore because tops aren't
making yeah tops but they're not making
NFL cards anymore so this ah so this
could be pretty rare if they're not
making them anymore which is why I
wanted to buy one decided to drive by
Cottonwood Park real quick on the way
home
to see if there's any epic rare Pokemon
spawns I doubt there will be let's take
a look
there's so many cars here they're all
playing soccer
this was a bad idea oh here's a bonito
not very rare Wow I hitmonlee guys yo
turn it girl we're back at our favorite
place if you've been watching vlogs for
a while we have come here several times
salsa Brava it's just so good guys we
can't resist they have this pineapple
habanero salsa it's so good but it's so
spicy the reason why we love coming to
Mexican food and the best reason why
Mexican food is the best free chips and
salsa all that just comes with meal pico
I don't know what that is so good
how you feeling Brit all right I got the
yeah I got the chicken and shrimp
fajitas clean-cut addition what did you
get I got some work these are
award-winning pork carnitas just looks
so good so well hope you guys like this
food update oh also you know fajitas are
good when they come out sizzling don't
ever trust fajitas if they don't come
out sizzling hi guys
all right home now let's get to this
card unboxing I always see a few
comments saying do more card unboxings
so it's good to know some of you guys
enjoy these cuz I you what's the first
card I can't Chancellor I'm bad here
I'll get a better view for you guys an
Earl Campbell not bad a Brett Farve
pretty cool whoa there's something here
whoa that's a cool card ty Montgomery 58
at a 70 autographed triple thread here
that's why they call it triple threat so
you like a triple patch whoa that is a
sick card whoa a Nelson Aguilar that's a
cool card 237 out of 75 supposed to be
pretty good congratulations you have
just received an authentic triple
threats rookie jumbo relic card marshall
faulk
at a 199 and a dez bryant at a 232
that's a weird number but okay that was
a fun little unboxing so these are the
rares Marshall Dez Ty and Nelson yes
that was awesome here is my stack of
rares getting taller by the second
what a perfect way to end this dinner
beautiful sunset you can't see the moon
alright we're now making a quick stop at
Walmart to grab just a few things that
we need for something I like their motto
fabulously fit less monday more Friday
ahh
low battery firstworldproblems taste
like fun
more like tastes like diabeties not
really guys that picture that's funny
guys I just found the coolest thing in
Walmart check this out what this looks
like the ultimate like fun zone we could
build a fort right there we could get
all the toilet paper right there
bring it out and build a giant fourth I
don't know why they're doing this but
this just looks so cool let's go explore
whoa there's so much room for activities
this is the first time I've done a card
unboxing by myself I was gonna invite
Aaron but something happened to Aaron
so yesterday Aaron went to the doctor
because he wasn't feeling well and it
turns out he has mono
oh man it's really stinks have any of
you guys had mono before I hope he's
able to recover quickly because mono can
be terrible I'll tell you guys my mom Oh
story because it's a doozy so when I was
in college I got mono and it turned out
to be like one of the worst cases ever I
wasn't able to go back to work for
almost two months I had a job back then
so I wasn't able to do that for two
months it started officers kind of like
his normal sickness wasn't really
feeling well and then it just started
getting worse and worse and worse and
then it got to the point where I've lost
like so much weight I weigh like 138
pounds and I couldn't swallow anything I
definitely couldn't eat and it was like
even hard for me to swallow water so I
was like so dehydrated and finally one
night my mom brought me to the hospital
she's like you guys need to help this
poor man I was like telling the nurses
like I can't swallow like it hurts like
it just feels like there's something
like blocking in there and she was like
oh you just gotta try harder and I can't
it's just not working they hooked me up
to an IV gave me a bunch of water so
they got me rehydrated but then they
also did a cat scan to see like if there
was anything in my throat or what was
going on so I did the cat scan and then
they found that because of the mono my
immune system was really weak so I
developed a secondary infection which
was in the form of a giant cyst growing
inside my throat and it was so big that
it couldn't swallow so he saw how big it
was I can't remember how big it was but
it was like it was really big and they
had to do surgery like right then and
there because I don't know what they
were saying that Ike if it pops or
whatever and like that
pus gets in your bloodstream it can
cause some
very bad infections but anyways we had
to do surgery which was this is like the
worst day of my life ever had the
surgery room and I thought for sure that
they were just gonna put me to sleep and
then I'd wake up and I would be able to
swallow again which was that's what I
was looking forward to but no I had to
stay awake for this my job was a holdest
suction tube the doctor he sprayed a
bunch of like numbing stuff in my throat
he had the knife and the flashlight and
I had the suction tube he went in my
throat I guess calm and charged slicing
up the cyst sorry this sounds pretty
gross but I'm just explaining how it was
a story he's cutting it with his knife
and I had and he's got his flashlight
and I have to hold the suction tube to
suck up all the all the pus and stuff in
the cyst oh it was the worst day of my
life that's my mono story and yeah I
wasn't able to go back to work for
months I was just gone so hopefully it's
not that bad for errand mary had mono
back in like high school and she didn't
even know that she had it she went to
the doctor for some other reason and
doctors like you know you have mono
right and you've had it for like a month
and she's like no those are the two
ranges you can have you can be having
throat surgery or you could just not
even know that you have it with that
being said Aaron probably won't be able
to film with us for a little while
yeah that kind of stinks but hope he
gets better soon guys look it's the
Ghost Pepper he's fully red now I
remember the last time I said he was
just green but he's already no we will
be eating that pepper soon maybe later
this month I think when it falls off
that means it's ready the other one just
fell off I didn't pick it so I guess
we'll wait for them to fall off and then
we'll eat it we have a backyard project
that we are going to do hopefully pretty
soon check out all these bags of mulch I
cannot wait to install these back there
let's go look where they're gonna go
well this is where we're going to put
the mulch I believe where make like a
nice little area here where you can sit
and
have a fire pit going and watch the
sunset but look at our grass looking
pretty good it's still a little bit
spotty but you know takes a while to
grow grass this spot really isn't that
great because the sprinkler head is over
there and this big Bush is blocking it
so I have to hand water this soon so the
grass is looking pretty good right
Buford Buford stop eating the grass I'm
not sure what time Mary is going to be
home from school but it is seven o'clock
and it's about dinnertime so probably do
that and then also I want to play some
more battle field because I think the
beta ends tomorrow and once it's over
it's over it's a wait till the game
comes out in October we've built another
game play today so I will be uploading
that soon tomorrow maybe be on the
lookout for more battlefield 1 gameplay
all right ok guys we are back home and
we feel like it's time to announce what
we've been keeping from you guys for a
while now how do we say this I don't
know what are you like I mean a lot of
you guys think that this is like Mexican
burrito baby yeah she just has a food
baby guys disapprove baby don't judge me
I ate well oh no I'm pregnant if you
guys saw I posted something on Instagram
so I posted this picture back where was
it
like a 13 August 13th I said working on
a secret project with Miss beauty mark
seriously can't wait to tell guys about
it well it is time to tell you a lot of
you guys have been leaving comments
thinking that she is pregnant and you
are wrong she's not pregnant yet okay
we're not planning on having kids for a
while now what we can tell you is we are
filming a TV show we're a part of a TV
show
and you can't really tell you anything
about it or part of a TV show it's like
yeah it's not ours
Brittany and I are going to BMAA for a
little bit so andrew is going to be
taking over the blogs and oh don't say
baby we're just going to be gone for a
bit filming this so I hope you guys are
excited because it is I can't really
wait to fully tell you what exactly
we're working on and give you the
details I won't be able to tell them
until when I don't know probably later
this year or something like that so yeah
we'll keep you guys up to date obviously
on everything and we'll let you know
when we can't tell you because I wish I
could tell you right now but just stay
tuned guys cuz it's gonna be worth it
it's gonna be so exciting a little
I can't even say I don't say but that's
the exciting news we have this will be
the last not the last time you won't see
us for a little bit you're ever going to
yeah this will be the last time
temporarily you'll see us for a bit
andrew is going to be in the vlog so if
both of us aren't posting on snapchat or
Instagram or any of our social medias
then that's why you know why we're doing
great and we'll be excited to come back
and keep posting a lot more yeah once we
get back fingers are gonna start kicking
in and exciting stuff in the work oh
yeah I'm really exciting stuff so that's
all just keeping you guys updated yeah
that's it I literally can't say anything
I don't get in trouble and I want to
give it away so I'm just going to end it
here thanks for watching today's vlog
and we'll see you back here tomorrow
Wow I'm done that a while
you're welcome everyone goodbye
