what's up guys hope you're having a
great day maybe you're having a great
day because there's no school today it's
Labor Day Mary and I are going to do
something pretty fun today
it might not sound fun but it's going to
be fun we're getting allergy tests we
had to fill out this questionnaire show
you one of the questions do you
experience bloating indoor gas and I put
a 5 out of 5 for the gas question so
we'll see what that means we get to
learn today like what we're allergic to
and if you have any problems in our
systems all done now I was super
interesting I never done anything like
that before
colas t'k yeah but it was a wave so we
don't like creek you or they don't like
give you anything it's just like this
listen to your body
yeah energy testing I'll tell you more
in the car my body isn't producing
enough enzymes in this intestine region
so I can't like it's not like breaking
down my proteins and carbohydrates but
that was about it for me oh yeah I might
have a sensitivity to like white wheat
and gluten so whole wheat is the way to
go but Mary had a lot more stuff going
on unfortunately her stomach isn't
producing enough hydrochloric acid yeah
she thinks I had my gamma it's like a
bug a parasite yeah a parasite in her
system which like I don't know
everything she's saying like she just
like with minimal background information
she would just be like saying things I
like that makes so much sense
Toto stop drinking coffee I know my
cocoa chocolate caper yeah we're going
through like the food tests like all my
foods came back just positive like oh
you're good on vegetables fruits meats
like everything is fine with me
for hers like at least something from
every food group it was super
interesting images because like my whole
life I guess health goal and fitness
goal is just like trying to gain more
weight because I've always like been
underweight and she was just saying how
like I can't absorb like my protein and
carbohydrates and I was like well how am
I supposed to gain weight today well so
then we're on the store and do some
shopping for these products that we need
what up guys now all my Andrew and I are
here at Best Buy because this camera I'm
filming with right now has a giant crack
in the screen I dropped it but luckily
Britney got me this camera for I think
it was my birthday or Christmas
she bought insurance on it so all we
need to do is bring this here and I can
exchange it for the exact same camera
for a flip so it's very nice and I
brought the receipt the charger let's do
this hey guys welcome back to thee okay
so let's show him we're back home we
didn't film because I had to literally
give them the camera and then they said
since I had insurance that I could
either exchange it for the exact same
camera or get a new one so I got a new
vlog camera that they said just came out
a month ago or something yeah I never
even heard of that one yet the g5x
I know so andrew has the g-seven I had
the g9 now this is g5 Wow cool we are
testing out in store so we want to show
you guys what that is
I also if you're getting a new vlog
camera guys I highly recommend yet
insurance if you're clumsy like me
because it's saved me if I didn't have
insurance I wouldn't be able to do this
you would have been out whoa there it is
it's just in this little case
and Wow
what do you guys think it's pretty cool
the cool thing about this one is it has
a viewfinder if you're taking pictures
but Wow
so you can flip the screen like this
it's just like a DSLR yeah it's super
cool he was saying it's really good at
low-light it has a 1.8 aperture uh-huh
so very good also this is a 30 day I can
try this out for 30 days and if I don't
like it I can bring it back for a
different camera so that's really cool
so that's what I think I'm going to do
try it out for vlogs see if you guys
like it and if so then we'll keep it
otherwise goodbye but I think this will
be a really cool camera yeah I can't
wait to see it I know maybe we should
yeah the way is it charged do you think
maybe Oh Barry
let's see what I should be semi charged
okay okay man
you really messed up I have no idea why
they did this so they put this cool
strap in here put it on your neck but
this can't fit in here literally like do
you see this yep I think this is how is
this supposed to go on here
I don't know Kenan why makes no sense
well I guess we have to do it without it
Canon you have redeemed yourselves you
installed these like adapters I guess
you could call them yeah so you can fit
the straps on yeah you otherwise wow you
were smart Canon now you can install the
strap yay yes finally it works now let's
put the memory card in this and test out
some hoodie okay Rob okay this is the
new camera can you guys tell the
difference
it's got the football screen right there
I just added my face to the autofocus so
hopefully it doesn't go in and out of
focus but as you can see I don't know
what the aperture is right now I don't
know if I can change it but it's on
autofocus let's maybe try and check the
average work okay I don't know if I can
do this live I don't know if it is on
1.8 right now or not but it's looking
pretty good thank you
let's walk around while it's doing this
okay let's walk around a different
lighting to see if anything changes down
here is very dark and Wow yeah this is
like it's actually really dark down here
and it looks fairly good take a look
Wow yeah look I could go to sleep right
now down here I know I we can't really
show you how truly dark it is but it
does not look that dark on this but not
bad this would be perfect for forts and
here it's dark too but any lighting it
just puts in the air
this is very good guys so far I'm
getting good reviews yep so this camera
is about to die but I'm gonna go charge
it up and we'll continue the vlog
tonight so yeah it's 5:40 right now I've
got a little bit over an hour to a bunch
of the fellas come over and we're gonna
have a fantasy football draft party as
ah I got the hiccups is it so annoying
to vlog with but as you guys know we
like playing fantasy football no Ravin a
draft party tonight
it's gonna be tons of fun so uh I got
this at the store a couple days ago and
I've been reading through and I've been
highlighting some players I want to get
the draft so I am preparing I want to
win this year I won last year which was
awesome so uh so I got to defend my
title I like to go all out for fantasy
so I got a whiteboard here I'm gonna put
stats and stuff on goodbye ping-pong
stats I've actually been playing fantasy
football since middle school if you can
believe that I joined a fantasy football
club and back then we didn't have
smartphones or anything like that so in
order to look up the point each week
during the club we'd get the newspaper
and we had to look up like how many
stats that player had on your team and
you have to add them up with a
calculator it was fun back then still
fun now fantasy football
so awesome I'm also gonna put all her
names on here and then at the end of the
draft I'm gonna judge everyone's draft
grades because I think it'll be funny
when I give people terrible grades the
countdown has begun and I just logged on
and look I have the third overall pick
Oh
who do I get um oh come on research
research all the browser basically here
Kevin Chris Aaron Jason we're waiting on
Nick I don't know why he's late Aaron's
got that first pick you lucky guy don't
mess up Cam Newton Aaron yeah oh man
it was AJ Green who should I get one for
I went with the Antonio Brown no who's
that what happened yeah who did yeah
first pit cam then AJ than me and Tina
Brown David Johnson Todd really William
Jones we're also live on periscope which
is really fun
say hi to the vlog guys listen I've
logged Ryan Leaf yeah make her you
picking you dreamed Peterson not bad not
bad
so yeah it's a it's gonna be good hey
we're on round six now I'll show you my
squad you gotta hide Thomas Rawls
between you Brown on Robinson and Travis
kill see he's doing pretty well it's the
last pick of the draft I'll see if I get
this guy stop spying on me boom boom or
put your last pick enemy kind of open to
him you apparently curious is the first
team I'm gonna pick him okay do it what
kickers do not have a kicker no you
don't yeah what Chris with the last peg
25 seconds there's my lineup guys
full-on a Drew Brees crawls Hyde Frank
Gore or Antonio Brown found Robin single
and take a bunch of heart or will fuller
block it Kelsey janakowski see Alex D I
actually got a few Seahawks players I
don't know why I did that all right so
I'm we're giving people grades now it's
blurry drew is a consensus Venus yeah
alright so they voted on me but I'm
voting on everyone else here's the final
grades by me
David got a d-plus he's
it says he's going to score the most
points week one but I disagree his team
I don't know that's all we have for the
vlog today what else do you have to say
something okay
it's comment of the day right here guys
thank you for this comment guys it's too
hard picking comment of the day nowadays
you guys are leaving way too many
comments I can't pick it's hard you yeah
there's a lot of good ones so we do read
a lot of them if that makes you feel
good yeah but other than that the
exciting news Brittany and I have will
be released tomorrow I think so stay
tuned for that and new prank tomorrow
it's going to be a good one guys it's
funny
yeah we're filming it today and I had
tears laughing so hard and that hasn't
happened in a while I feel like oh well
see you guys tomorrow goodbye
you
