yo what's up bro teen shakes welcome
back to jeans we are here at Chipotle
finishing off the prank if you guys
watched yesterday's vlog we messed up so
we had to get more clips so we're
getting the final clip one of them one
of the final two clips today right yeah
we did we should have good video may
have already seen a holla now but yeah
Andrews going in Chipotle get some games
back at the house let's take a look at
what what you got here it's going to be
so ripped all the man nice this was all
five bucks
we just got meat it smells so good
though okay time to eat lunch alright we
just finished getting clips and eating
lunch we have about 6 minutes of footage
but none of the clips we silver in the
gym so we're gonna get some gym clips
real quick and then we'll be back to
edit upload vish that's correct
go we are here at the gym now I don't
actually go here anymore but i'm andras
a Guest Pass so that I'm gonna be a
guest we get some clips right up there
very guys looking ribs ready to get some
clips obviously can't film but that's
what we're doing right now
oh crap oh sorry we finally got the
video all edited but it's like days like
these we don't really have much vlog
footage unfortunately because we spend a
lot of time filming and then we have to
edit the video which takes like probably
two hours total to upload and it
completely longer shorter sometimes but
so I hope you guys are understandable
than that
we don't have much currently for the
vlog Prague is now uploading but I think
I might take Buford on a walk and take
this camera we can test out the new
microphone I wonder if this mic is any
good at blocking the wind it's kind of
windy out so be a good test also I
almost dropped the camera a few minutes
ago that would have been bad
I forgot Buford's ball what are we gonna
play with dude today is the first day of
September and take a look
already leaves are turning colors stop
pulling it's yellow just this little
part I think fall time is one of my
favorite seasons just cuz it can be kind
of warm but just the leaves changing and
it's just so fun plus football what is
it he saw right give her time Frank he
saw a rabbit actually need to go to the
store to get some dinner supplies I
don't know what I'm gonna get but I am
hungry
and then also Aaron and maybe Nick are
gonna come over tonight and watch the
Broncos preseason game so it's our last
one we are over at Britney's parents
house right now just we're all chillin
on on the deck here just chatting having
some dinner and he Britney's dad's
making what are they what they're called
peaches smoked peaches out there whoa
it's bright
it's gonna be so good check this out oh
yeah are you excited for peaches yes
I've met a peach this season yes I know
and like a peach that's like what is it
Brill well smoked with some coconut
vanilla ice cream yeah yeah you guys
need help tearing down I'm fairly ripped
so seen here I'm just one to help
just lots of creatine you know yeah yeah
protein word is making a YouTube video
he's in the bookshelf they're filming so
I'm sorry to show you guys that was are
you okay with being in the video I hope
you use that yeah really yeah thanks oh
there you guys are
how many sets of hillclimbs are we doing
today
oh wow the shoe I might be at the wrong
Hill all right sorry
do you know what time it is hey Don
so it's rip time I go to gold's gym - I
just got some more bars for my sponsor
so 32 G's you interested either y'all
yes where's making YouTube video hey
guys quick question what's up your guys
max yeah yeah oh okay yeah me too
all right that's it yeah all right hey
did you want to go to Chipotle later I
need to stack up on some carbs yeah oh
you sure cuz I thought you said you
wanted to earlier you've never thought
before
we're just doing a video obviously are
you okay if being in it yeah okay cool
thanks for playing a lot are you gonna
be stacking carbs tonight because I know
we were on the same diet with the weight
class okay whoops my bad sorry
yeah we're just filming a video and if
you guys like any of you I knew yeah
watch you guys on YouTube
dude that's awesome that means no way
yeah dude sick yeah well thanks I was
just wondering if you needed a spot by
any chance okay because if you do just
like let me know I'll be over there I
think oh okay cool that's it do you
fellows need a spot by any chance no I'm
just trying to help I'm just doing legs
oh leg day yeah yeah I need you that to
kind of slack in it sorry we're just
doing a video Eva are you guys okay if
we use that clip okay
hey guys do you know where the gym is I
want to get a quick pump in before class
you know okay I'll just keep looking cuz
I thought it was up here but it that way
okay hey I'll see if it's over here for
you guys comments of the day sorry Carly
no sorry here put it right here before
you singing you guys want to see that
awesome tripod we usually use yeah
that's what we usually use for a tripod
there's a roll at all you guys are not
talking paper paper towel you don't need
all this fancy stuff guys you feel like
that but common today first comment by
Luke anyone else watched their daily
vlogs in bed right before falling asleep
every single night for me and I've got
104 likes but what do we want to do we
want to do a poll so this is the pull-up
here
what's the two questions you watch at
night before bed I think there will be
multiple do you watch at night you watch
in the morning when you get up after
school after work there's just some
options we want to we're curious to know
so click whichever one you think that
works for you and we'll check them
tomorrow huh it'd be fun I watched one
of their videos I watched a few more I
got addicted that's my story mark thank
you Mark
I'm good story really nice but yeah like
you said earlier sorry the vlog was
uploaded late we worked it up with this
yesterday but we didn't have enough
footage and it's just sometimes that
happens but it's okay
yeah because today is gonna be a fun
vlog another Beaufort we really messed
up
we've been filming for like an hour not
one that
