good morning everybody welcome back to
vlogs hope you're having a blessed day
so far I know we are
what are you doing Andrew Dale yeah we
we haven't filmed this week's prank yet
and we have a funny idea that we'll tell
you about shortly but we're getting some
props for it right now it is mom home of
Mary's house mom's house
take the sword young one now go to
battle you garden your king here's what
we got some weights so you aids yes
we'll need these for the vid so here are
some of the props can you guys guess
what we could possibly be doing here
making a quick pit stop here at Whole
Foods because we're doing just some sort
of like really muscular guys sort of
video and we want to get like some
protein shakes you use in the video
found some protein 26 geez dude no way
and some vegan powder got some protein
bars here I think we got everything yeah
should he did also found this giant
bottle of kombucha that we'll use it's
so big compared to that all right we
made to our first stop found a great
parking spot now time to go do this okay
we are here at the gym we just got to
change into our outfit which we'll show
you guys it's really funny we got it
right here
she'll yes Nickelodeon actually sent us
the these we have two of them but we
ended up not using them but we have them
now so we're putting them to use so
thanks Nickelodeon
now that he's got that suit on we put
hoody on to make it look like he's
really ripped this is what we're doing
don't go into the gym dude it back to
you looks like you're just huge and now
I got the pants in them who could tell
looking good let's get a full shot here
to see you what the full product looks
like I'd say you're pretty ripped dude a
bit abnormally ripped well unfortunately
we couldn't get really any clips in the
gym because of you yeah you came up to
me he's like you can't be wearing cargo
shorts while working out I said what and
he said no filming
so that's lame oh well I guess we're
gonna have to find other places to film
there's a soccer field up there I see
some people on we could get some clips
what do you think they have a elevator
here with the sports field this is
perfect so andrew is gonna go out there
and do some sort of funny adventure
maybe you can get the soccer guys first
then the football guys okay so I try to
play goalie
I'm so rip TV if you hit me it won't
hurt all right
and you just got two clips I didn't I
couldn't hear him so I don't know if
they're good or not but they should got
him this one's a little more hard today
I don't know why sometimes pranking is a
lot harder than it looks
now it's your turn all right now we're
gonna go to the library
it's just a ninja turtle don't worry oh
yeah
guys we really messed up we've been
filming for like an hour you know more
than that probably two hours now let's
show you what happened okay the camera
here has two slots oh is has two slots
ones for headphones and ones from
microphone and we were looking at back
at one of the clips we just got like a
dude's look at back and see it before
they for me and there was no audio
really confused and um that microphone
was put into the headphone jack instead
of the microphone plug so every single
clip we got today is a bust
I don't know why we we usually check
earlier so like we just randomly checked
yeah that was that was up that was your
bad it doesn't even fit in that one
though so that's I don't know what
happened
well I guess we can try to get some more
clips we got some good clips too it's
just I'm so pissed and battery is almost
dead so see you see say if you say this
video won't be out today this rarely
ever happened so I hope you guys aren't
too sad we can play some of the blank
audio or a blade clothes for you guys
yeah might as well we can do our own dub
over them yeah but I'm getting very hot
in this thing by the way let's go get at
least one usable clip damn well we got a
couple usable clips
after we fixed the problem I mean I'm
not like so sad that we're going to film
more it's just that each clip we got
we're never gonna be able to get that
same clip again so these are all unique
clips that'll never yeah ever and we
have some really goofy one so and we'll
try to do like a similar clip but it
just won't be the same maybe what we are
about to say the same thing I think that
it was gonna maybe the next one will be
better yes that's what I was gonna say
that's what I'm hoping for
I hope so too we'll find out tomorrow
guys I'll home for lunch yeah I'm hungry
I did have this protein bar I wanted to
try it's not that good before we go home
we're taking a quick stop at Dale's
cards because we both actually have some
rare cards that we need to put in hard
cases and tails are so many guys who
happen so must finding so they end up
having you have to they have a $5
minimum here so we just got the carcase
and we just each bought a pack so four
cards some cash hoping for a Manziel
card like wow
the rare don't kid like that dude that's
a cool-looking card yeah Nick Foles this
one's out at 50 you got an auto do that
I really like this player too really
yeah Eric Ebron
what the luck out of all the packs
Andrews randomly picked that one and
then the Carlos Hyde card beat that yeah
I'm gonna try no Colin Kaepernick
Franco Harris as a good old card
Jamarcus ears is that one number because
it looks different than the other ones
oh yeah out of 199 cool Tony Dorsett and
ty Hilton yeah this does look a little
different that's cool nice not a battlin
these are some old back home time for
lunch and some random stuff and a piece
of chicken no what are you having for
lunch today some leftovers good some
well them smoked meats from Mary's dad
yum yum yum
yeah be a good one after we make lunch
battlefield one beta is out we are
desperate to play we both already
downloaded it I actually brought my ps4
over here Andres is right there here's a
TV downstairs so we're gonna make a
gameplay on goof squad gaming should be
fun yes you ready to play Andrew
come on
yes time to play fellas I'm gonna be a
salt ah this is so sick where hey there
you are
okay yay guys you can see the rest on
her gaming channel back at the apartment
and look who's desperate
Daisy you want some dinner I'm gonna
head to the cameras for right now
because I want to see if I can get a
microphone for this camera so I think
he'd be fun to do some vlogs with it and
instead of always with the smaller g7x
camera because this is really fun to use
and make some good videos we used it a
little bit in Alaska and yeah it was
just fun to edit it make the videos so I
want to see if I get a microphone for it
because the internal mic is okay but
it's not like great so let's go here you
are mics camera let's go see what you
guys got
thanks Mike here's the Mike I got a road
Mike I guess we'll test it out and see
how it goes this was like the medium one
they had one that wasn't as good and
then a couple that were better so I got
with the you know the middle range kind
of guy back home now let's check out
this Mike okay now Mike goes in the Mike
hole not the headphone jack is the
bottom one here so Harry huh no I also
don't have a battery for it yet so we
can't test it well here's the setup it's
kind of big to be honest hey everybody
Wow welcome back to vlogs I do have 30
days to return it or exchange it so I
guess we'll test it in the next 30 days
and if we like it we'll keep it but
going to Alaska really kind of inspired
me to try to up their production value
of vlogs just cuz just everything there
is so awesome I just wanted to shoot it
in as many ways as I could so hopefully
with this Mike
it will continue to inspire myself to
making awesome videos print camera
memory card I'm gonna import the prank
footage and look at it so disappointing
a lot of this audio is just it's not
there it's just blank so I'm gonna put
some of it in the vlog and dub over it
with my own voice but yeah if I didn't
dub over it the audio would have just
been blank enjoy oh you guys want a
football okay I used to be a linebacker
in college your pants are falling off
yikes
oh you guys wanna see how hard I can
take this ball wash your all you'll
never screw on me yours
wow I'm strong oh man I'm ripped you see
me chug that whole protein shake Wow
Becky you were so impressed aren't you
Amanda for my weights Klaus yeah I'm
just super ripped so I drink kombucha is
like everyday way too hard oh I go to
Gold's Gym to what I go to Gold's Gym to
you guys I'm with Brittany now we're
here at anyway because her parents
actually gave us a gift card yeah our
two year anniversary they just gave us
like a nice gift card to yourself take
some time to get some food for dinner
YUM
big in guys we've moved over to sprouts
getting some just groceries for the week
got some veggies fruits so far
avocados
that is all sort of the vlog today guys
tomorrow we're going to go back out and
get more clips for the prank and upload
it tomorrow Thursday and hopefully we
don't have any more mic programs but
some comments of the day Matthew said I
wonder if they respond too early people
sometimes we do Matthew but sometimes we
don't sometimes we make them comment of
the day but we do read over a lot of the
comments and occasionally respond to
some so I guess it just depends on what
mood ring and yard and said funny vlog
well thanks for watching yarded and
we're glad you thought it was funny
glad we kept you entertained but yeah I
think that's it
yeah that's it thanks for watching and
we'll see you back here tomorrow
good bye yeah drew it's a big area in
here
