well good morning guys hope you're
having a blessed day so far
Brittney and I are up in Denver actually
because we're trying out another new
church if you guys have been watching
fairly recently we have been talking
about us just wanting to try out a bunch
of new churches and see if there's any
new ones that we connect with so we're
up here at Red Rocks Church we love love
their worship group - that's how I
actually found this church I think I
came across their new album on iTunes
and just off they're so good and so
we're like we have to come to the
service since it's only like an hour
away from us so that's the plan today
here we are Red Rocks Church
yes they have iced coffee in hot coffee
just got a cup and they also have
doughnuts Andrew would be extremely
desperate tan there what there Dunkin
Donuts oh my goodness
we do
get up
hey I'm excited those of you who are
visiting with this to the today's
service was fantastic it was about
worship actually so it's really cool
just gave us a new perspective on things
how did you like a Brit oh it was crazy
amazing and so - awesome I know this
church is so cool Church we have to go
shopping I know that all the guys here
are so fashion II like I just know like
do you think you would wear any of this
and he's like yeah I'm like I'm taking
advantage of that like that's the sky
the style of the folks here is on point
so what are the girls - well your styles
on point today
oh the shades I know I love my cool
shoes I got but you know what I can
never wear white do you know why why
this I can't
we had a juice this morning on Brittany
was like trying not to spill it on
Versailles juice and then I was like yes
I got done with the juice I'm like
rocking it I can wear white today and
then the service starts and then I have
coffee you just can't avoid it you just
can't wear white I'm pissed
we are over at my parents house now for
a barbecue I'm gonna be some good food
BAM yes using grandma's birthday is
Wednesday guys happy birthday you guys
hungry or what it was fun spending time
with the family obviously didn't vlog
that much just cuz it's family and
didn't want to have the camera out the
whole time but me Brittany are looking
at some model homes right now we're not
moving for a while but we are moving
early next year and so we're just
looking at all the different options and
homes and where we live and stuff and
this place is so nice this kitchen
though check out this kitchen Brittany
Brittany loves these colored cabinets
which are really cool I'm pretty awesome
we'll have to keep that in mind for when
we get it yeah they got a nice dining
room area entrance all hang out area
bedroom and then a downstairs so that's
pretty big but it's still a pretty cool
model to walk through so I'm with Andrew
now whoops what happened I spilled
something what are we doing at your old
house dude well I'll just tell you we go
in there okay what the
let me see if I had any rares do you
yeah really how do you know what's rare
because you can let them off by these
yours
yes no way yes I didn't know you
collected beanie babies yeah but these
two were very rare if they had tags on
them see I pulled him off when I was a
kid what these two guys rares that's
cool as high as rare but he protect her
tax that's good I didn't know about what
these are worth my man what the
what Aaron what do you have to show us
Andrew explain what this what is this
it's a double Jersey card oh my goodness
is this yours
no we got this for Nick for his birthday
ah because these guys are both from
Alabama and he's an Alabama psycho
yo super target we're here to get
something something new something fun
something that we haven't played with in
a while but last time we were here at
this target they told us not to vlog in
here anymore
I don't know why but oh I don't care
what I'm vlogging anyways I also want to
stop if it's even possible to build a
fort
and I will go check out the toilet paper
section right
no no do not let them see us vlogging
dude keep the camera right here okay
gnarlie all right where should you start
though outside walls always go first so
what are you doing I was looking I've
seen a few comments people saying you
should do a soda for that's nearly a
near-impossible here water bottles no
you know oh I see something
Wow this would be such a small fort I
think we should at least try it though
how there's so much what do you guys
think if we should do the target toilet
paper for let us know it's going to be
very different for it than what you're
used to but you probably you may not
even be impressed look at this
or hefty ziplock bag for it that's it
this is the back so we have ditch this
much space you know what it's a new
adventure ok fine
somebody built one
we relax I know if this is the for
better call looks like it effing kind of
looks suspicious this isn't what we're
looking for but this is wherever the
happiness on the first nerve God's
active a nerve site if you look so happy
you like having so much fun that's what
I want to be like we must find this
I thought they had a nerf section dude
ray always every time is this where it
is yay the modulus yeah that's the new
one of the course I took a picture of it
because we it was here I was like oh we
should make this video and I didn't get
it but Wow
see the rivals are popular not these
ones they've been out for a long time no
one darn it guys okay we have
established that target is really bad
for forts except for this area look at
how big this is so they already have an
entrance for me Oh Andrew it's a big
area in here this target I'm impressed
yeah but we'll save this for next time
yeah guys do you want us to do a fort in
here this is already like a mini fort
yeah Aaron and Nick we can each have our
own rooms yes let's go okay quit it
reverse don't get caught okay good
is it clear
yes how well guys I don't think we'll be
able to do a fort in here they were
following us out I don't know what just
happened maybe the other target we can
but this one they always know
immediately when we walk in somehow like
the guy came up those he's like you guys
need help with anything like no he's
like what'd he say he said like two
different things to us yeah I don't know
but then we walked past them and then
some other lady and him turned around
and made a u-turn and followed us out so
I was like like you guys only asked us a
question and how are you guys following
us immediately we're on to you dang it
they knew who we were
alright guys bye guys okay we're at
Walmart now because we want to see if
Walmart carries the new nerf gun since
target was being rude
what either gosh I remember if you
remember we did this for a block when
this got first came out were just
original marble we went to like four
different stores none of them happened
let's just everyone loves it we were
just too late to the party person though
you didn't buy it why didn't you we will
be doing this soon what do you say we
were doing bubble burst bubble bowl
bubble bubble burst bubble ball yes that
would be so fun but this is the helium
edition oh no I never seen this but
little bonsai balls was over kids bump
and bounce body bumpers you can put your
arms out that doesn't seem safe break an
arm once you fall and have Megan boxing
roars now that would be a battle of fun
I love fun matters
not sure what andrew is doing looks so
weird really imagine rolling up to
school in the green machine guys you
would look epic you pull up and do a 180
spin doing a good example of it oh man
if I was in school right now I'd so get
that and pull into school with it I'd
say hey guys are you jealous
it's really interesting the drifting me
board what put your knees on it you can
do a 360 spin wow that would be fun too
there's so many things I want to try
that's it bring that to the skate park
hey guys can you fill me doing some
sweet tricks where'd you get that first
I couldn't definitely not put that on I
have a way bigger head than you
back off oh I wish I had this many horns
on my bike because your cheeks are so
squished pixel fun oh we get very back
so there's a pretty normal
toys except what's this for insert
goalpost here huh look at this weird toy
though okay link whoa the hybrid you get
two toys in one I would have so much fun
all day just playing
we're back at Andrews Pat I wanted to
address something and or show you guys
all of the fan mail we have we haven't
opened it yet we really like we have so
much we just haven't taken the time to
sit down and actually go through all of
these so we have all these letters and
then this and then we have no those
aren't that we have a box here so we're
slowly getting into the fan mail and
opening it up and hopefully we'll have a
somewhat video soon we talking to myself
you OSHA's shown him the fan mail do you
like this room we've haven't really
showed you it we have some of your mail
you've sent hung up there will be more
obviously yeah I don't know I who's that
man over there that's Elvis
also we don't know what we're gonna do
with easiet but we have these crosses oh
one of those something else
what I don't even know you're about to
say but yes do you guys remember back at
VidCon and we went to this Nickelodeon
booth I do you remember that I do yes
well as maybe some of you I know some of
you have because you've been tweeting us
but our loud eating in the library video
is on Nickelodeon like as a commercial
TV channel which is insane I wish I
would have been able to see it live I
haven't even I don't have cable so I
wasn't able to watch that but it's still
going yeah a lot of you have been
sending us videos pictures so thanks for
that and I think it goes until Labor Day
but not only that if you go to
Nickelodeon's youtube channel you'll see
a video we made for them as well yeah if
you want to see that we'll just leave a
link in the description it's somewhere
in the description you can click it
after this video if you want it's a
teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles prank we
did in college we were vlogging about I
think recently but yeah so just some
updates three games
a fan sent this bone for Daisy
you're so sweet look at her in the
fanmail peel box Oh Daisy this is from a
fancam member who sent it but thank you
see thanks Daisy say thanks Daisy or
obviously thanks yes a thanks D okay sis
shake down good girl
hit mommy in the basin whoa
enjoy that bud I think that's it for
today's vlog I'm actually so stoked
tomorrow battlefield 1 beta comes out so
me and you are gonna be playing it
making some gameplays it should be
really fun oh and thanks for this
comment by the way I really appreciate
the comments and the likes you guys have
been giving us lately yeah but yeah next
day or two we'll probably make another
one of those four videos we talked about
yes we will you guys keep enjoying the
fort so we're gonna keep making them
butter than that we'll see you guys
tomorrow
have a good day goodbye peace guys
no one's in here
