oh hey guys welcome back Wow or hope
you're doing well something bad happened
yeah I don't know why that had to happen
I want to explain
I can explain a little bit why I'm not
gonna explain the whole thing because
it's kind of complicated to begin with
but the RV it's gone temporarily it got
towed away guys the other day we weren't
filming it but I know I was actually
trying to take a nap after we filmed the
overnight video as soon as I rested my
head down I got a phone call saying your
RV is being towed right now feels like
why we didn't do anything it's just
sitting there apparently somebody called
the police because I thought that our V
was like an abandoned vehicle more than
sitting where we parked it for two days
I know so it's just I guess you could
say a misunderstanding that's causing
some problems but it's already okay
we'll get it figured out and bring you
guys with us yeah but first we're here
at this
epically huge antique store because we
want to just see what they got maybe
some cool props for the RV cuz we want
to deck it out you guys know that so
let's go inside
Queens Oh smells like kind of
interesting in here should we get a
giant Big Boy
we can put them on the roof
sandwich maker
Wow guys leave a comment right now if
you want us to go and do like an auction
we bring like let's just say a hundred
bucks and see what we can get with it
that'd be funny you get this giant
traffic light where would we put that
you strap it to the back and then when
we stop maybe we can hook it up to like
the brake lights go red oh no we're
going it's green yeah do they have rare
comics here 13 35 bucks remember you
gotta look for the issue number 8 number
10 that's pretty good right yeah okay
lower the better well number 2 number 2
grab it yeah damn to be able to be able
to over 20 bucks maybe we go 2000 2000
sold all right here's something that we
actually could put in the RV stadium
seats it's like perfectly fit in this
space Oh from the Olympics so that's a
very rare Wow is that dusty no oh yeah
the sliders oh you know be cool for how
they can arcade game in the bathroom
instead of like the bathroom you open
the door it's just like pac-man
yeah redesign the space cuz we are not
using the bathroom in there let's be
honest yeah
does this really have a dry hair back in
the day I think it's a brain sucker was
an interesting device I would so by this
a roulette spinner but for some reason
it's not for sale
why why well since the speaker's don't
work what about a very antique early
1900s that is rare a talking machine is
that what they call it oh okay cool
you see near ears Buford oh hey Buford
all right so I found a couple things but
nothing I'm not really sold on anything
right okay the options I should probably
go pick up the RV
oh yeah cuz he's in jail right now man
we don't know where we are guys but what
is this mountain of cars
please RV don't be in there I want to go
explore that looks so cool this is a
pile of cars whoa
and we're here here the police impound
each department yep impound facility
really guys have to do this all right
dad let's go inside see what the dealio
is yeah it's warm house never been here
before obviously but
okay we're coming for you RV did you
pick up a vehicle on a camper mm-hmm
over here I haven't seen out there I
don't know is there like a white one yep
that's it but I see you he's back there
oh right there guys right yes you
haven't called one yet okay okay yeah
you recommend a certain company well
there's only two that's gonna have a tow
truck big enough to do your camper out
of here a sportsman yep this is it guys
we're just making sure to put the new
license plates on and everything and
then we should be good to go
what us out yay we found a towing
company so they're heading over here
fortunately towing is like 150 bucks an
hour and also because we took the
battery out because we were replacing
the battery so it doesn't have a battery
we can't even drive it home I would be
kind of nervous driving it home I don't
want to deal with stalling it again but
still save 150 bucks an hour I'll drive
yeah that's true yes luckily this towing
company was right down the street so
here we are 300 stereo six on the clock
buddy Randi's yeah
nice it's your Randy's Oh Brad a focus
but Randy's yeah buddy
I like their a device they put on all
that's better
Oh
yes let's say this truck is a beast I've
never seen such a huge towing truck
home sweet home and a bill later going
in make sure they didn't wreck our house
oh we also got some advice about the
roof what was that called again
oh uh flex flex seal flex tape stuff
because they were saying it's still kind
of leaky up there it's just sealant so
that was like kind of leaking they're
saying if we do that the leak should be
solved so I'll have to do that she said
to put would just buy some wood and
might put it over this and make it look
nice oh yeah good idea so we're almost
done with this engine and then we can do
our interior mods soon enough guys you
weren't really planning on this
adventure today but it had to happen
welcome to life everybody ah life logs
featuring Toby no obviously we're back
home now so yay yep we like we said this
wasn't a part of the plan but when life
happens you just go with it and have a
good attitude oh yeah what is something
you have learned through this RV process
that maybe you didn't know about before
like cars or just anything in general
that's a good question are you asking me
or them both oh and you guys what's
something you've learned maybe yeah
that's uh let me think for a second I
guess when we first got it and it kept
stalling out I was learning to stay
patient and remain calm when things
aren't going your way because you always
have the choice either to you could
freak out get mad get angry or you could
just be calm and be happy and grateful
because there's always those two choices
right right
better you know stay on the positive
side I feel like I've learned that kind
of same lesson because even this morning
I had to deal with like going to the DMV
and like all this towing nonsense I was
getting me stressed out and usually when
I get stressed I'll just get like angry
sounds like I just should be calm I
figure this out
yeah so it's making us better people
through it Thank You Toby the RV oh
that's the name Isis right okay Toby if
you guys like it yeah well anyways we'll
see you back here tomorrow
