Aloha everybody welcome back to vlogs
hope you're doing great
this morning or whenever you're watching
this blogs I hope you're happy I hope
you're just doing great as you can see
we are up in the misty mountains we are
on the road to Hana people in Hawaii or
people who have ever been do I know what
this is
we're here with ena again Brittany we
stopped here at the chain store to get
some gas this is such a quaint little
shop just so cute you can get some
coffee gonna think we're making our way
we're going to the bamboo forest and
we're just gonna be exploring today so
it's a good day so far grandmas copy
house this is literally in the middle
there's no service here so let's coffee
house in the middle of nowhere
almond milk coffee inna just got us and
we're road tripping in the Mustang Venus
desperate to sit in the back even though
he's like what is that
the great American of chocolate
chocolate blob coffee it's really good
thanks
grandma's coffee house for serving and
inna Andina now let's go look at just
how lush the forests are everything has
leaves on it
we're just stopped in the middle of the
road because there's no cars you
and
about a hour and a half in this road is
getting to be in and it's raining
there's like cliffs this roads like dirt
and quite the adventure
are you nervous Yuna a little bit I'm
doing my best
yeah yeah thank you I won't blog and
write Amish thank you
look how steep this is though major
clear the cliff is like right there
great job of that
hello concrete cover that little bit
drop to hey cliff it's just like here
you have to blow horn it says yeah
I did it dip your debt by Deborah dip
I'm blowing horn thank you we're all sir
one day okay
check out that bug guys it's covered in
coca coconut husk they built that this
is a little shack what'd you just say to
us you know this is the shock I built
back in 2011 and David has stayed and
added more stuff to it yeah my friend
John Costello's that he's an artist from
the 60s he was living up there and I
should come here on weekend to spend
time with him
and I wanted to build a shocks over here
so we clear up this whole dad property
right here we cut it on down and then we
build up the rock walls and build the
shack the original shack this is it and
this guy enhanced it that's so cool
yep ah they make jewelry yeah we got
some mud up here oh that's ooh look at
this railing it's not even like that man
it broke then that broke what is this
sketchy freaking sketch like the railing
has been deteriorated by the ocean so
you looking at it like oh yeah yeah that
water but all that
I bet if you hit that and just break
immediately yeah for sure it's like what
is it holding up the grounds
deteriorating long apart oh man you guys
and this is where we're going about a
mile walk it is a little rainy hopefully
my shoes on you're dirty but they're
probably going to get very so oh well
I'm just stoked to see the bamboo forest
even before we get here we just heard
all about it it's a really cool picture
taking area video area and since it's
been raining lots of water
Brittney's going no shoes mode like a
local that man he did hey you never wear
shoes what are you doing
use the bushes
party
so I'm here but guys check out this tree
how the thing I find fascinating about
this tree is how the branches come out
but then they also come down and plant
themselves into the ground throughout
the whole thing like how cool is this
imagine how old this is nuts
straight out a jungle book or something
we have made it to the bridge
look at Britt she is a beast how do your
feet feel oh my gosh
is so cool who wants to whitewater raft
welcome to the entrance of bamboo forest
holy cow I'm managing to keep my shoes
fairly clean I'm pretty proud of myself
but fun fact ena was telling us that
bamboo takes five years just to grow out
of the ground so you have to water every
day for five years these things and then
once they finally sprout it takes as
soon as 90 days for them to grow like 30
feet pretty crazy I feel like we can all
learn a life lesson from bamboo now you
have to stay patient and consistent in
your life and then once you get to that
one point in your life you'll finally
sprout and bloom so whatever you're
working out guys in life is stay patient
stay consistent and you'll get there
turn it how cool that looks so funny
everybody keeps stopping Brittany and
like where are your shoes whoa cheese
they're like baffled that she has no
shoes but no worries it's like soft get
a foot massage this is insane I wish you
all could see this in person but
hopefully you're enjoying the video
footage of it like I just find insane
I can't believe how much bamboo is here
like how'd it get all in this area you
know got that got the cannon out taking
pics but it keeps getting closer and
closer the bamboo
okay we just spent like ten minutes
within the bamboo got bit by a ton of
mosquitoes just for some Instagram pics
but you guys got to go check them out we
both got some pretty sick ones we do
have some bug spray but it's not really
working maybe it is maybe it's not but
well so I think there's a waterfall up
here we've been walking for probably
like a mile plus so oh this is cool
there's a path across the waterfall the
mini waterfall no I want to just dive in
this water so hot
it it's rainy bad out here now oh he's
taking a picture
check it guys we made it to the
waterfall so cool can't even cross our
here
flash flood area we finally we got back
that was epic so hot so tiring but I'm
glad to be back
time to go get some food or something
nice little water bottle on our way out
hey guys hey goodbye
Oh after the hike we are starving and we
just found this epic food truck in the
middle of nowhere here in Hana lick
it's called Hana burger food truck yes
great for a burger now you Britt how was
the hike by the way hurt so bad and this
is why I didn't want to get these babies
dirty you know they're all dirty I got
these a little dirty it's like we should
rather but whatever eyes we're going in
like tough trade otherwise I would have
been flattering but it was so worth it I
can't believe you did half a we did she
did half with no shoes and then I did
have some those shoes but anyways he is
so hungry
okay wait
do the honors Britt let's see what it
looks like oh my barbecue burgers only
think these come with bacon - yep get
that bacon guys this looks pretty
fabulous as well
Wow five-star dinner ish because we're
having more food later but we were just
so hungry this place is so good I was
just telling Brittany when we get a
house be so cool to have a backyard like
this just like picnic tables a lot of
open space I just love it out here
this is so cool stopping at the red sand
beach now because this is a really cool
area we've heard in the sands red so
yeah get to scale the walls now the
adventures don't stop here and more Jay
Steele check it out red sand beach yeah
starting to rain now hammers getting all
that but shall we show you guys this too
all right we finally made it back to the
hotel
what a action-packed day it's been how
long do you think we've been driving for
bread today like since it was raining
out you've been driving Jeremy like
ridden we spent most the time in the car
which was fine but oh man what's going
to start like 8 yeah we just got back
and it's like eight probably like five
six hours in the car but we had so many
good talks such a productive day in the
car exploring I just I feel so good I
think Brittany feels great we're just
excited to get back in to a room and get
some sleep
we're tired a turning point in my life
for sure yeah Bernie's had some really
great breakthroughs and we're just so
grateful for inna he is such a great guy
guys should definitely if you haven't
checked out his his merch company should
totally check it out boobie shock it's
like literally both of our favorite
brand yes and he's just such a great guy
too so links will be in the description
of that and if you're ever in Hawaii
he teaches surfing he'd love to show you
guys how to surf so he did for us super
easy super fun but yeah
I'm just I'm stoked to be back here at
the Fairmont oh and it's so beautiful
coming back here
Fairmount Kilani
