Aloha everybody welcome back to vlogs
where are we Brett we are at Bella surf
cafe this got like the best ratings when
we were looking for coffee shops so
we're gonna try it out see how good it
is
also check out Brittany's this is I got
one piece of old bathing suit on it's
gonna be so cool for photos we're gonna
be finding some cool places to take pics
later first wow they have some cool
hiding drinks honey two shots of
espresso cold drip coffee and coconut
milk so we both got the tree sap coffee
oh my gosh I already have sip it's just
incredible k-member fight
I said yeah we said what it was what do
you think Brit it's so good the natural
coffee honey it's like the most
expensive coffee that we've ever bought
but it's like the best yeah $1 we had to
try it though it sounded good news it's
worth any more coffee I know there's
like a week's worth of coffee it's
ridiculous
worth it
it is beautiful out here we're driving
to piii
what is no it's about Pai a PIR it's
like they said it's like the hippie town
weird weird truly like butchering these
names yeah true the wines as you can
tell yeah that's okay yeah so we're
gonna get some lunch up here explore the
town do some shopping it sounds like
this is like the boulder if you guys
have been to Boulder Colorado this
sounds like the Boulder of Hawaii there
everyone's like yeah that's like the
hippie town and you cannot so what's
there about like a mile away so this
would be a fun yeah I think we have
moved over to flatbread this is what I
called here and we got like a barbecue
pizza with no cheese just huge looks so
good though
dig in guys Thank You flatbread you were
delicious I really liked that place
because they use a lot of local foods
and organic stuff so found some cool
hats go outside yes and that one just
got cool colors so cool there's so many
well Cobo teats and they're so creative
like people made all these clothes and
just have their own little shops so
check out this road guys we're just
turned on like a back road I've been
driving on here it's so unique it's just
like a really straight road I'm trying
not to go fast because this is like
straight away but nice greenery kombucha
this is so cool
there's little samples we just found the
perfect seats to watch this all red
who okay never mind I found a better
spot
right by the beach
isn't this peaceful even for you viewers
watching at home like wow this is just
peaceful without me talking
we're also taking instagram pictures
Wow so while we've been here watching
the sunset hangout tiki torch man is on
his way down here lighting all of the
torches and we're right by six of them
come over here yes it's going good I was
lighting the torches so he's got a squad
here too got a little uh Friday
heck yeah
by so epic this is every night I'm so
glad we got to see it so we're having a
seafood Hawaiian type dinner this is
freshly caught today by the chef it's
mahi it's cooked fully and then it's
like a pasta dinner was literally so
good come to get that workout in the
fitness center here's some key guys
yes it's a book yes this is fabulous
simple workout done and they have this
bowl of apples here this is the best I
want this one really
you can have it no thanks and the
perfect thing to do when you're done
with the workout is to just take a dip
in the pool so peaceful and then they
also got a fire pit might might hang
next to that for a bit
well that was awesome I just love how
warm it is out here even at night it's
just like super chill nice little fire
Brittney's actually out still out there
swimming or shouldn't be standing up
here but
of the water not yet I won't drop it oh
my my
I'm floating guys
whoops got some water on the camera guys
that is all we have today's full depth
of depth that is all we got for today's
vlog I know it's a little bit shorter
than usual and a lot of you guys like
longer vlogs but hey we can't always
make super long vlogs but I hope you
guys still liked this shorter vlog we
got some exciting plans tomorrow and a
few more crazy things we're going to be
doing so don't get too scared longer
vlogs are coming and Forks are coming we
see the comments don't worry Ford's new
ideas tons of crazy stuff is in the
works so just but I hope you guys come
back here tomorrow and leave a like if
you want dad to make you a sandwich I
know I do
well see you later and stay happy
because you can good bye it just sounds
so sketchy
