Aloha everybody and welcome back to
vlogs it's a beautiful morning here in
Hawaii clear blue skies Britney and I
have a very fun activity planned this
morning we have to leave in like 10
minutes we're going on this canoe
adventure here at the Fairmont
they helped us plan this and it's an
experience that they have at their
resort so if you're staying here you can
do this sort of thing but first we're
having some breakfast we got some
groceries yesterday we got oatmeal
blueberries Apple the peanut butter just
a simple breakfast we're so glad they
have these Sun screens 30 SPF and a
cool-down one perfect wow it's just so
peaceful this morning it's a beach we're
going out on this little boat he said no
backpacks or anything so this camera are
using right now I'll probably just
keeping the backpack and switch over to
GoPro you excited
reach out for my lazy proud way too
proud okay you're waiting for me
the canoe experience was super fun
what do you think of it I'm not a huge
oh oh
time for some acai bowls
so Britt tell everybody what we got okay
we got a vegan brown I got a kombucha
from your table and they have tons of
vegan options and stuff it's so we're
going to come back here boys place
YUM right now we are heading to our
friend's house he actually lives here in
Maui and we're having like a fun little
barbecue it should well introduce you to
him once we get there but we're on our
way right now beautiful sunset look at
these trees got no complaints right now
great I feel great guys
these trees remind me like a lion king
or something yeah every day we're
driving through here
we made it look at this pad he's up on
like the hill inna what up Aloha you
guys have okay tell him tell everybody
what you do how we know you I'm a surf
instructor on Maui and I met Justin and
his wife over in a big island doing a
project for opera max yes we did the
Kentucky project yeah I based out of
Maui
surf destructor and Ron booby shocked on
the site so you guys have seen us wear
these hats movie Shack it's like we live
one of our favorite brands and he runs
it he created it one-man show we'll
leave a links in the description for you
to check out you've got tons of stuff
will be collabing with him making a
custom hat near future and we're just
here to hang and have some good food
what's on the menu tonight autumn and we
got steak and some edamame peace oh yeah
he's like you want to eat this raw fish
and like is that healthy yeah you might
run away though yeah oh I'm nervous I've
never had raw fish it just sounds so
sketchy
but wow you're getting culture yeah
right culture doesn't taste like raw at
all that's what's actually really good
yeah usually okay what do you think
that's a lot cheaper than sushi and
you're getting a lot more fish than rice
Wow
right it's actually really not bad yeah
that's really good Wow good stuff yeah
oh yeah thanks for letting us try a new
Hawaiian experience would you guys just
look at this he did such a good job and
then we're gonna have some cava tonight
we only had that once before but I'm
curious to have it again it's like this
we'll have him explain it but this is
like the best Hawaiian night got the
nice tunes great view so what is
happening with this we are making a
Polynesian drink out of a pepper tree of
family it's kind of a plant this is the
root the root of the kava plant a power
plant they're just like squeezing in the
water that's it that's it what is coven
knowing if they sorta do for me as a
Polynesian it's a great it always
reminds me my roots just are you
thinking roots it's part of our culture
and so I like it cause it reminds me of
Boston police simple things should be
Wow
and another thing about colonists that I
love to share with others who said the
route is always bitter when you drink
the cup is bitter so it's a great
reminder that when you're giving
when you're given a bitter cup of life
to drink it because you gain experiences
from it Wow
so yeah it's some great advice that's
very important yeah it looks like murky
muddy water it looks like we are just at
the bath after a hard day of mine you
guys remember this like my mom's cousin
made this is an actual Thanh WA it's a
copper bowl what I have to do for this
yeah how you doing - all at once is so
nasty I'm not gonna sit there like gee
what do you think this tastes way better
than first time at is it was such a
blast hanging out with inna today at his
house and just thank you inna for all
that you did for us this evening the
food and just the friendship but if you
guys want to check out what inna does
will leave links in the description to
stuff we're gonna be hanging out with
them more this week so stay tuned for
that also thank you for these comments
and all the comments you guys would
leave me that's all we got
hope you guys have a great rest er day
we'll see you back here tomorrow good
bye
I'm in the real life Gucci
Wow for these rare shoes or what guys
