what's up guys welcome back to vlogs if
you're just joining us my wife Mary and
I have been in Alaska this past week
visiting her sister Jessica and today is
our last day here so if you haven't seen
any of our other Alaska vlogs go check
those out well we're at the store now as
we're looking for some kombucha whoa
happy cookies never mind no kombucha
there we're trying to find some homemade
kombucha because here in Alaska a lot of
people make their own kombucha stuff we
will find some don't worry they're going
through the skybridge huh yes nice here
was take the stairs one more we're
exploring downtown today downtown
Anchorage this is cool there's a mall
right here Marian wants to get her nails
done so we're going to do that what
she's gonna do that did you do it this
smallest so many stories tall
thank goodness nails nevermind there's
too expensive oh well you'll get it done
soon though alright so this place is
supposed to have some homemade local
kombucha alright let's go check it
and boot so they give us a carrot ginger
and then a just original whatever these
are there I need to learn how to make
kombucha you know this movie places I
come cast
you pick like what fruits you want and
then you add a mix to it I got the Mars
mix and this got like I don't know algae
just Hemnes minerals beet powder just ah
so cool have all these different mixes
you can do smoothie whoa
kombucha if you're in Anchorage go check
out the organic oasis a plus so jessica
is gonna cook us some fresh Alaskan
salmon this is from your friend yeah
it's for my friend Rachel thanks Rachel
this is gonna be good are you like
baking it yes they are gonna put lemon
on it and dill I would smoke it for you
but I don't have a smoker that's okay I
forgive you hello ah here's the salmon
this looks really good try bite that's
good thanks
super good unfortunately Mary doesn't
like seafood
this is really good you should try one
bite just one bite a half a bite we're
just taking a little siesta e to the
cabin look look who join says for the
siesta
I can't look who's with us his name is
Bear I don't know we ever introduced you
you can hear him occurring everywhere
but well hey dude
Wow he likes my camera because I have
that I got something in my throat I was
trying to say he likes the camera
because I have the windscreen on it and
it looks like a dead animals it was like
who's this actually it's the same like
colors him yeah this phone booth
you call the phone booth and you get a
password to go to this bar and I don't
really drink we just want to get a
password
I'm going to pick it up they say what I
don't know all right so come on up your
password to be ninjas there's another
phone booth this is cool he's like how
many in your party is this huh three
ninjas well that was a cool little area
would you say like the feeling I was
it's a it's a speakeasy right if it's on
the farm
bow ties in time investor really relaxed
not part of the atmosphere that's good
yeah I was super chill and I didn't
pocket house yeah it was like coffee
house check out this wall mural that is
so cool time for some reindeer hot dogs
I have so many cool sauces here
pineapple sauce stone-ground mustard
salsa hey what should I put on
best reindeer dog ever had they never
had a reindeer John mustard Oh
this one stinks darn it that was
supposed to be a more funny joke but it
wasn't once in a blue moon
see now we're just walking around
looking at souvenirs very really once an
Alaska sweater any visitor changes part
of it he's a beautiful see this is what
we were trying to see the other night oh
my goodness if he would have been able
to see that I don't know what I would
have done Marie's desperate to get this
from you for not give us your dog there
are so many why would you not these is
gonna be his Christmas PJs pajamas
waitress job no no spider moves okay
there's this cool picture frame we're
gonna get good seats be able to get the
picture with the mousse on cider you oh
you sucker shot Andy Murray license
plates me
a statue of Balto so Balto was real but
our flight leaves at like 5:00 in the
morning and we have to get there around
3:00 3:30 so we could either option a go
to sleep for a few hours or option B
just stay up the whole time option a
option a yeah but I'm not really tired
that's the problem and we have to pack
all of our stuff I'm getting depressed
don't leave me quick breakfast snack
some mango bye thanks for having us your
porridge is quick little story marries
other sister you should live up here
with Jessica but she moved back to
Colorado but she still had a bunch of
stuff so for bringing it back for her
she's like a snowboard in here right
great thank you
seat 29
you'll find our next flight for some
reason they're handing out free
sandwiches
yes thank you Delta
made it back to Colorado hey everybody
we're back
can you guys guess who's gonna pick us
up from the airport you know not
beautiful
Mary's other sister so leaving one
sister I go see another sister so many
sisters in one day poor Andrew doesn't
have any sisters
I know getting a sister over the hill
right now too many sisters and we're
home yay Buford did you miss us Mary and
I had an awesome time in Alaska like
I've heard it was beautiful and all but
just seeing it in person I was like whoa
it was just awesome I'm so glad we were
able to do that and go visit Jessica
Mary starts back up for school on Monday
so that was the last fun vacation for
the summer so good summer all in all I
already can't wait to go back like and
since we didn't get to see the aurora
borealis the Northern Lights that is a
must so we will be going back if you
enjoyed the vacation and the Alaska
vlogs be sure to give it a like let us
know and the same goes with Justin in
Hawaii because they're making cool
videos too so yeah just a thumbs up
hey Aaron hey oh we're at Dale's right
now Dale's Dale's Dale's
to their lives to their wares to your
ears I got one left a couple weeks ago
you guys remember Justin I got a big box
of the NFL cards it was so much fun
opening them and getting rares
bad I've been saving up money I've been
trying to sell my pokemon cards until I
had enough money saved up to go get a
box and I finally had enough saved up so
I came down here and we picked out a box
showing the box oh my that's gonna be a
good box oh yes there it is so we came
down here without the box and then Aaron
was so nice he bought it for me because
it was a birthday present yeah I was
super nice of you Aaron welcome so shout
out to Erin for being such a nice
brother we're gonna go home and open
these now back home now I'll show you
guys my Pokemon card selling
headquarters this is what I do all my
business I just sold this guy on eBay's
and I got these guys coming up soon for
sales here's the piles I've been selling
from and going through here and finding
rares
like I was saying I was going ham it's
like if you want something you got to
work for it so I was selling my pokemon
cards and then Aaron just blew me away
with a birthday present ah oh and you
guys are always asking to see ghost
pepper updates I'll show you an update
here he is guys actually this is a giant
pepper but also this was the other goes
the pepper but it just fell off so I'm
pretty sure that means it's ripe and
ready for eatin it's just so weird like
can you guys explain to me how that that
was a huge and green and this one's like
tiny in red so I'm so confused just any
botanist out there please help Aaron
also bought a single pack so let's see
let's see what you got man from out of
500 Aaron Rodgers
Todd Gurley bass not pretty cool a fake
oh not the fakes Jordy Nelson nice Aaron
Rodgers though ballons yeah bounds rear
he's hired 500 I also picked up a couple
of these top loaders these are good if
you get like pretty rare cards you can
put them there so they stay safe
also these these are what you put your
rare jersey cards in I got to because
I'm anticipating some good hits today I
heard his folks this would be so fun
this is what I'm really hoping for the
ultra rare Peyton Manning insert if this
has the ultra rare Peyton Manning oh
mylanta can open the first five on
periscope and then you have to see the
rest in the blog but Aaron and Nick are
here wow my fresh box all it no one
smells like rears I'm gonna open I'm
gonna open five on the live stream and
then the rest you're gonna have to watch
on the vlog okay first car guys who's
ready team is a huge like cool team
Ezekiel Elliott what I never heard this
guy uh tamarick Hemingway he's a Ricky
yes the best there is one guaranteed
autographed rookie Jersey card Derek
Derek not bad
have a fake card oh the best that's the
rarity we don't want the face immortal
Chris Carr Oh done immortal whoa that's
super sick
that's how shows that a 999 it's a Chris
Carter and mortals card rejected our CEO
big balls Emily a Tyrod Taylor no a whoa
a Dre Kirkpatrick Oh
one of the homeboys ammo players epoch
packs a punch in Jersey card and then we
have a Jordy Nelson and an Andy Dalton
yeah but grating for this oh let's look
at this Oh real hero July hugs your eyes
to more huh Kurt cousins base card
quirky cousins quirky toad Oh fake car
ha that's one of those blues even more
rare than red nude with it
a rare blue David Morgan don't know what
it is but it's out of 50 dude what blues
are so rare it's a good blue is it ready
do I smell there's a Super Bowl champion
Tom Brady Oh gross not the kind of cool
earn that card what is this sir another
Jersey card Oh Jeremy Langford Jeremy
later good it's not a 23 and a 49
rares and a Carson Palmer say bye to the
vlog is the short thanks for joining the
broadcast pack 6x6 a Keenan Allen what's
that
gypsum what that's awesome the tricolor
jeweler and a 5000 Danny and the matter
orange card you got a Jordy Nelson why
are the 225 oh that's a rare - oh my bad
the same Radford and a fake that's that
first Emmanuel oh come on Robert
I remember I got a name yeah I'm Annie
whoa whoa Terrell Davis immortal whoa
trill Davis and mortals that's epic
yeah that's super scenic Allen Hurns oh
that's good I see what is it dad a crest
20 years ago really feel pleasure
that's B's dr. farzam this is going
touch me
blue foil Matthew Stafford yeah out of
50 whoa holy crap what's PAC 10 hold for
us I don't know DeMarco Murray
Carson Wentz Gold team that was an
awesome unboxing we're just going to go
over the the rares
we'll start at the top here so there's
some good rares we got two blue foils
which are good in orange and in orange
foil yeah dak Prescott autographed with
a good jerseys and then we have a Drake
or Patrick in Jersey card and then an
autographed in Jeremy Langford Jersey
card and then a Joey Bosa blue foil
Jersey card
this is just insane insane that was such
a good box thanks guys Wow yeah well
that's the end of the vlog thanks so
much for watching hope you enjoyed it
we'll see you guys in the next vlog I
just want to say enjoy the life that
you're given and we'll see you next time
alright peace
travel
