good morning everybody and Aloha from
Hawaii it is our first I guess official
full day here in Hawaii and we're
starting it off getting some breakfast
and a buffet here so we got some omelets
made to order got some coffee fabulous
view we got up at like 6:00 a.m. and
checked out the Sun rises it's been a
great morning so far round two just got
a little plate full of veggies this
buffet dough he's making custom homeless
here we are
Brittany and I are going to be doing
some fun adventuring today but first
throughout this little shopping area to
get some coffee because we saw a coffee
shop in here and look at the stores
Gucci Rolex Prada Tiffany and Co what
kind of shopping area is this and here
we are Honolulu coffee company
we got the macadamia nut latte never had
this before but sounds delish
for today's first adventure we are here
at Iowa Valley State Monument Park State
Park we heard some good things about
this so here to explore it already
looking beautiful this like mountain is
like in the clouds it's starting to rain
a little bit but I'm so excited to
explore this we're gonna hopefully get
lots of Instagram pics here and just
great footage you've already been
getting some sweet footage eh yeah and
I'm so proud of us we used a map to get
here
we did good we didn't even get lost oh
wow I got a good picture all by myself
I take cool pho don't you flash flood
could occur at any time no diving or
jumping that would be pretty intense a
flash flood just occurred all the sudden
the ice
grandpa
I have to play that play this this is
like so fitting it's making me so happy
come back in 15 years and I see your
Apple 3 oh I want to see that I'm so
glad the rain stopped because now if we
can stay outside and enjoy I'm also
enjoying grandpa Bloggs he's got his
camera he's been doing some very good
blogs I'm probably and asking what his
channel is so I can check out the
footage
we've got a really cool jungle book
looking tree here running right next to
the stream if any of you guys remember
last time we were in Hawaii I was
hospitalized because of dengue fever I
got bit by a mosquito so we should
probably get some mosquito spray already
got bit twice on my leg
I'm not too worried about it though I'm
just here to enjoy it
dengue fever I think I'm immune to it
anyway now but I've got it once
literally right down the street there's
this place called
Korean garden is so cool
what is this tree so cool would anybody
like to take a quick swim what happened
to the pool it's kind of creepy master
yeah guys my camera will not focus
what is this spider this is so weird
just well corner organic produce a farm
stand fresh this is so awesome what
local healthy snacks what is this look
at all these fruits how many times have
you given me a papaya non GMO this is
delicious
I think Gregory and I are gonna get some
fresh coconut water
where she just cuts it open and we get
to have a drink yeah let's do it
it's so good if you guys haven't tried
the fresh coconut water wow what a nice
little tree and we get to stay hydrated
chickens hey fellas oh that one has
babies hey guys
I'm looking for some snacks hey I'm just
videoing dude I don't worry where are
the eggs at guys guys harder we are back
in her room gonna get some lunch we
actually have leftovers from yesterday's
dinner if you guys saw that so we're
probably just gonna eat that for now
come back so make it's nice having our
bed made every time you come back in the
room and then we're gonna go down to the
ocean just right down there to the beach
and they have snorkeling gear we can
rent and just play in the water
do some simple leftovers guys and this
dressing I don't know what it is this is
like citrus vinaigrette dying through
changing the swimsuits for a swimming
good time so here is the pool for all
ages
then over there is the adult we're
heading down to the beach over there
made our way to the beach snorkeling
gear so I'm gonna go
I'll see if I can see
so we're getting the monkey
it's got great reviews on Yelp and we
got a great seat listening to these
fellows not been to clients now what you
meet check it guys we made it the
perfect time it's happy hour right now
so I got half up wings half off fries so
good then they use all local organic
ingredients so using in candy shop
yeah Hawaiian candy shop monkeypod was
delicious if you guys are in town
definitely try I feel like everything
we've tried we can easily recommend egg
the bird is just he's had a little too
much to eat this evening you have way
too many cupcakes tonight he sure can
fly fast but he was just he was chilling
her when we drove by care at the
shopping center and they have some of
the coolest hats I found this one I'm
gonna get how cool this is
it's only 15 bucks would you find
between these two I like that one you
like this one better yeah can I get a
Taurus t-shirt - that'd be funny but
this is $45 what thak Camuto but no $6
what the kill okay these back at home
are like two to 85/60 man okay guys
we're getting some groceries breakfast
items we got oatmeal some fruits and
peanut butter yelman we just went in
Leonard's at wine and it was very rare
yeah these bags are like over $1,000 who
in the world would buy that I'm in the
real-life Gucci Wow for these rare shoes
or what guys 280 those sandals were two
hundred and eighty dollars why I've
spent the evening editing day 1 vlogs of
Hawaii if you guys haven't seen a party
did it's 21 minutes long a lot of you
usually ask us for longer videos so
hopefully you are excited to see a
longer video not sure how long this one
is you're watching but maybe it's longer
again we're just gonna probably chill
the rest of the night what time is it
be 30 watch some videos and get to bed
early because we didn't vlog it but this
morning we got up really early too early
to watch the sunrise at like 6 a.m. or
probably the same thing so yeah that is
all for today's vlog thanks so much for
hanging out with us by the way we've
been talking about doing another sort of
fort video that is going to be insanely
epic we're just planning it out right
now so stay tuned Andrew and I have some
sweet ideas in the works also thanks for
this comment and for everybody who likes
our videos your support is the best and
have a great day oh and I haven't
mentioned this yet but I am still in
shock that we hit a million
subscribers on this channel like I never
would have thought that we would have
received this many subscribers so fast
because we thought we'd be getting a
million subscribers like next year or
something like that so just thank you
guys so much to everybody who's
subscribed and shared our videos I'm
just really thankful and humbled right
now so yeah you guys you guys are
awesome stay happy because you can and
we'll see you guys back here tomorrow
good bye
