what is up everybody good morning I hope
you're having a great day we're on our
way to do some kayaks this morning whoo
Murr is feeling a bit sick so I am but
that connection
sorry about that bud and Jessica poison
I got my breakfast here some oatmeal
young Eklutna lakeside cabin rentals
that's what we want here with the ladies
and I brought the GoPro get some cool
shots and the kayaks this looks like
it's it I hope like always be ready for
a grand adventure
there's a really odd accent thank you
darn it I wanted wife I found the
paddles all right this is an awesome
picture by the way that's what we're
doing today
saving our lifejacket stuff so I'm
switching to the GoPro super viral
footage right now my paddles ready we're
ready he said this lake is eight miles
long so we're gonna do the whole thing
yeah I would say we're knocking the
whole thing but I don't know what all
we're gonna explore but there it is over
there
we're walking to it sick should try like
a National Geographic documentary style
instead of putting music over like these
GoPro clips we'll just do like
commentary a wild Andy in his natural
habitat this is the Alaska wilderness
you say we're playing battleships
she wants to play battleships I want to
play battleships
all done with the kayaks
good job find the drone Mary so if you
like those drone shots tell Mary thank
you all right well I guess we got to
grab these we stopped on the side of the
road because we saw this but we really
wanted to touch ha ha you did it
oh it is a soft but see ya
is somebody's house as well all there's
probably tons of spiders in here oh I
see a spider web all that remains is the
once thriving small desert
it'd be cool to get up there though we
love America it's time for lunch
jessica is taking us to the Ale House
here in Eagle River we've been eating
out a lot but you know can't do that
we're on vacation
this sounds good well we forgot to film
food
please do not unsubscribe well it's a
new day here in Alaska we got back from
kayaking I think around like four
o'clock yesterday
Jessica was busy the rest of the night
had to go do something and Mary wasn't
really feeling well so we just stayed
and generally do too much but something
I forgot to say yesterday was I loved
how blue the lake was when we went
kayaking it was like a glacial glacial
is that the right word glacial is
glacial water so a super blue it was
awesome but we're getting ready to go
for another adventure today this might
be the activity that mary has been
looking forward to the most while we're
here what do you think yeah I'm gonna
tell you what it is yet
ah never mind I'll tell you what it is
Oh what don't tell them okay we'll tell
you when we get there we're here married
you want to tell me what we're doing
today we're doing um a dogsled tour like
the Iditarod dogs they do it's led tours
this gonna be so fun yes we're not gonna
be on the snow like the Iditarod race
but get to hang out with the dogs that's
why you're so excited no we're not no
we're not you're just talking to the guy
in there when we were checking in one of
the dogs here just had puppies
ten days ago so they're like super
little we might be able to get to see
them these trees have moss on them
everywhere like all these trees it's a
wild they look like moose antlers three
by three guys dick Mackey Joe and see
what's next
why do we have to do this I'm so funny
but we're going to see the dogs now I
hear them go up to the team here he's a
movie star by the way yeah well the sled
dogs oh we found one it's a Pokemon yeah
I don't know what that one is so that's
the first one we didn't see it I don't
know Mary is so accepted she gets to be
on the back of the dog musher hey who's
our team is this our squad you've got
the first dog he's on police dogs are so
exciting you want to go run
so ready guys Messi two tops on one side
all right how's that guy hey he did a
good job the lead dogs here all it wants
pups time to go see the little puppies
now Hansen advice everywhere we go
hey Robin we just saw him right over
here radio he's over walking around he's
retired now but he has a lot of good
records I'm girls or boys oh my how
dairy is this look at him oh he doesn't
even open his eyes he's so little
so enjoy your light outside he likes it
so home oh my gosh thank you on the
other side like so he calms them
oh my gosh oh look they're fine now yeah
oh you're yawning yeah are we gonna get
a puppy when I go home yeah yeah these
guys are two weeks old he's asleep and I
love him
they're all in there thanks for letting
us hold your puppies
here's one of the racing sleds traveling
a giant parkas it's so fish Wow how's
the beach chair you're seeing right here
isn't gonna wrap some dots on it all
bundled up this jacket some dog booties
wonderful so that they put these in
there too
no earlier jackets the jacket the jacket
like a raft that goes on there their
legs and their chest
ah you're learning Lots I'm ready really
and then they're broken build encompass
those booties cue first-place trophies
up here um these are bitches hey pretty
quite the sweaters made out of hockey
sticks
oh yeah those are some sake shoes give
us postcards
yeah this guy's mustache so funny as
puppies we held we're smaller than this
guy they're smaller than this guy the
bravest dog ever shoot straight Balto
that's like one of your favorite movies
well that's all for the dogs did you
guys have fun yes but I didn't want to
puppy until I saw the puppies and now
you want a puppy you never had a puppy
Oh someday we'll get a puppy I don't
know when though Mary and I are also
trying to collect ornaments and magnets
from places we go so we got this guy for
our Christmas tree it's a little sled
dog Safeway because we're hungry I've
been trying to piece the past couple
days they're really yummy they like Clif
bars but filled with the peanut butter
this one's got hazelnut butter almond
butter super good I'm getting attached
to him did you say I was like the same
price as a small one and I really this
little baby
the Mary's getting sue
I got some pasta some spinach or walking
around this town called Seward and just
goes take us to this coffee shop
it's like a loft we're going upstairs
this place has a dog oh hey oh hey we
can have him maybe it's time to go to
the beach
yay who wants to go swimming in this
water is very cold by the way
ah you're trying to push me in oh look
what I found
best people I don't know this is it it's
glass but it got kind of a smooth yeah I
think all the rocks and Stephanie
erosions Justin and Britney I know you
guys are jealous of the beach we found
you guys are in Hawaii but I know uh you
might like hot you know cold is cold
beach is the way to go yeah look at look
at the sand and just you know you can
might be able to get like a ten minutes
of Sun I mean baby Sue's like watch out
I know we're checking out the harbor now
so cool this guy was just talking to us
he just caught a hundred and twenty plus
pound halibut Wow
he's showing us a picture who is huge
there me yeah this boats for sale the
Thor that's a sick boat name like how
blue it is though so nice
I love fish bones somebody's been
snacking
once that McDonald land Ronald McDonald
hey kids
oh my gosh yes class of 2006 I don't
know why that's only your they have but
if you graduated in 2006 and you know
want to advertise that this shop is
really cool because they make all that
t-shirts here but all the designs on
them for example this one all the
designs are by local artist and then
they print them on the t-shirts so
that's so cool would you just look at
that sunset
it's just beautiful well guys I send the
vlog thanks for watching we're at
another coffee shop right now just hang
out some computers Oh blurry but it's a
really cool coffee shop here thank you
guys so much for watching and tomorrow
is actually our last day here in Alaska
so I'm getting really sad is the
bathroom hallway by the way you don't
have like any plans for tomorrows kind
of a free day so we'll try and do
something fun but final thoughts for the
vlog I feel like if you live somewhere
that has really unique activities and
you've never done them before you should
go do them this may apply thinks I'm so
weird anyways I hope you guys have a
great day we'll see you tomorrow right
peace
