well good morning everybody and welcome
back to vlogs guess what time it is over
here is 2:30 2:45 a.m. I'm pretty sure I
haven't told you guys yet but Brittany
and I are going on a week vacation
because today is actually our two year
anniversary for being married I think
the only place we have announced that
we're leaving is on Twitter so this is
very new for you guys but we're getting
ready to go to Hawaii for a week so
vlogs are going to be super fun this
week
Andrews in Alaska we're in Hawaii you're
going to get a 2 different types of
vlogs but I am so excited and we are up
so early because our flights at 6 a.m.
so we have to be at the airport at 4 am
because we're going up to Denver and
that that airport's like an hour and 15
minutes away
are you excited Britt happy anniversary
what how long have we been together like
total like eight years eight years baby
so excited she's crying
Daisy you don't have to cry you'll have
a good time while we're gone won't you
don't worry she's not staying here she
has some other fun plans yeah yeah
time to park canopy airport parking and
we have a coupon 48 dollars for the week
instead of 70 okay
we finally made it to Denver and it
looks like security lines I'm that long
for once so hopefully we'll get through
and have time and just relax and you get
a snack or something
this has been the best experience at the
Denver Airport got through security in
like ten minutes yeah but I'm so happy -
because Caribou Coffee is open I thought
no coffee place is gonna be open but I'm
in desperate need of coffee look at all
the Desperados a line of desperados
waiting for coffee you're one of them
this flight is extremely full by the way
what the heck is going on
look I ordered one good burger with
nothing on it that's what I gave you no
I gave me a bun just a bun look there's
no meat in here but you said you wanted
nothing on it yes when I expected a meat
patty just a quick lay over here in LA
before final flight to Hawaii
and we haven't had breakfast yet and
they thought they have a farmers market
here la you're doing something right for
once
I guess look daddy a grill is ease
breakfast burritos yay burritos let's
see how good they sprayed us later your
food
like welcome mi glad we got some food in
now time to board this flight I think
it's like a five-hour flight so great
how was this burrito good I'm gonna
enjoy it so I'm saving it the pain right
yeah I can I eat mine really fast
guys after five hours of flying we
finally made it to boy you guys get it
easy you get to skip all the boring
parts now that we are here we me and
Brittany getting a rental car so we got
to pick that up okay guys we got a
rental car and they randomly at no extra
charge it was a car upgrade so check out
what they did was beautiful
how do you feel spoiled I don't know why
they gave us this upgrade I mean I made
the reservation online earlier and it
was the same price wow I've never been
in a car that has air conditioned seats
it feels so weird now it does gonna feel
like there's water in the sea
this cars so fast I was barely pushing
it and I just gotta say these Hawaii
highways are so slow the interstate here
the speed limits 40 miles an hour the
back there's of 35 I'm Mike feel like
I'm going to slow motion you I'm
enjoying it especially it's hard you
guys know if you like fast cars if
you're in any car that has some speed
going slow is like torture I am so
excited to show you where we're going to
be staying for the next week we just
dropped our bags off and they gave us
these necklaces look what they get is
this real yes oh my gosh that's so cool
I guess we get to keep these cool she
just gave his passion mango juice this
was so good already finished it a room
isn't ready quite yet but they have they
give us this letter has my name on it so
once we get in the room we'll open this
and read it but since our room isn't
ready quite yet we're gonna go eat some
lunch there are so many different places
to eat around here we're going to
continue exploring but I think we're
going to try out play pita paradise
Mediterranean Bistro is what we're going
to try for lunch today
lunch has finally arrives we are
starving I got the lamb gyro gyro
the idea I don't know whatever this is
called and what did you get chicken
Mediterranean Greece looks so good
okay guys literally hands down the best
Mediterranean place we've ever had
oh man I got the oh you guys already
know what I got but I just gotta say is
that good yeah
if you guys are ever in Hawaii Maui come
try Peter paradise literally insanely
good but now it's time to go back to the
hotel and show you guys where we're
staying at so we are staying at the
Fairmont Kea Lani in Hawaii Maui this is
the map guide they just gave us we just
got done getting a tour of the whole
property with Alexis so Alexis thank you
so much and Trudy we've been chatting
with them and working with them and they
have helped to schedule all this and
worked it all out with us so shout out
to you guys I'm just blown away by this
property it's the most beautiful insane
location we've ever been to have to give
you guys a room tour right now right
when you walk in the door this is like
coffee area Brittany's got the km/l
getting some pics it's got a microwave
fridge coffee then you come in here this
is like the living room headquarters a
Kay editing videos having the TV on you
got your desk here if you want to sit
and edit videos and then you come over
here you got the bedroom with the
beautiful fan nice big king-size bed
they put a nice little flower petal
there thanks guys another TV here uh in
the bathroom my goodness
what in the let's turn the light on here
we got two sinks a big bathtub and then
this shower over here walk and shower
with Rose 31 shower
condiments and you thought we were done
with just a room tour this isn't even
the best part
guys oh my gosh I can't believe this
check out this view walk out here on the
patio and look at this isn't this nuts
how cool this is I wish you could see
this in person because it is like I
can't even describe the feeling right
now I am so happy this is like the
perfect way to spend our two year
anniversary we're super excited to start
vlogs a week of vlogs here guys it's
going to be super fun hope you're
excited to hang out with us this whole
week and Andrews in Alaska with Mary so
we're just going to be pumping out a ton
of awesome content doing a bunch of
different activities Brittany's going to
be posting on our blog miss beauty mark
comm if you aren't following her links
in the description all I can really say
is that I'm just extremely thankful and
humbled to be here right now
I just don't know what to say guys but
hope you like that tour now let's open
this letter Aloha and welcome mr. Justin
Stuart Jimmy Stewart we're excited to
have you as guests at the Fairmont Kea
Lani and create memories to last a
lifetime
ain't that right Brett and they included
our itinerary which is going to be super
fun not going to tell you guys what
we're doing quite yet but I've got some
cool ideas in the works
we're just going to be chillaxing until
dinner we have a reservation tonight I
am so excited but if you guys aren't
following us on snapchat yet we're
usually post like sneak peeks on our
snapchats like what we do throughout the
day and stuff so here's our usernames if
you want to follow us and yeah it's 4
p.m. we have dinner reservations at 6:30
and we're doing something at 5:30 as
well but we're really tired so might get
an hour nap
so that's what I think is happening
right now
well I think we literally got only like
two hours of sleep last night so pretty
tired right now guys yeah what am i
doing
these are this photo our champagne and
chocolates what what what put it up yeah
okay thank you so much wow this is
unexpected
yeah this is without right onions for
the cottage for this one honey look at
this one here because what is our
martini okay you can check who sent me
this
we're honored you have chosen to spend
your anniversary with us at the Fairmont
Kea Lani best wishes in a very happy
happy anniversary from Charles and they
got a heart what's in here I do that
good one-handed you didn't get a very
warm welcome Wow
what's this one say how it that one's
handwritten on the front is handwritten
mr. and mrs. so there's a little more
personal maybe okay are you ready yeah I
was really about to go to bed you guys
just saw his vlog then the door knocks
like hello Mike I I'm in the door rank
but I could knock I was like I don't
know who that is
you up oh my god it was like way Aloha
Justin and Britney welcome to the
Fairmont Kea Lani we're thrilled to have
you staying with us and look forward to
hearing about your experiences Alexis
Alexis thank you so much thank you so
much
alexis is like the best you guys
seriously like I've never been treated
so well like have you ever been you know
it's just like this is incredible hey
can you imagine okay first of all it's
only our two year anniversary can you
imagine with someone who egg actually
has a varied a long time the front desk
guy or know the guy that car rental
place told us a guy came in and was
celebrating a 65th anniversary I'm like
okay so but we got insane weird is like
so humbled and I was telling Alexis like
we're just so humbled and honored yeah
me and Brittany have been growing a lot
together we've been getting closer to
God and putting him first in our
relationship and that's been really a
key a key component to our lives and its
really shaped our marriage and has grown
us and we just feel so great right so
our relationship with God has just
really been a priority and we
be here without him so we got to give
him the glory for all of these
opportunities that we have when you feel
like the grace that he gives it's just
like overwhelming like we don't deserve
this just so oh well I guess we have
this later happen I want to go cool for
oh yeah this is definitely photo worthy
oh I want to keep all these like letters
but look organic yeah guys we're of age
by the way yeah we don't drink alcohol
that often and we don't like support
drinking underage but they just gave
this to us as a gift in and it's like
it's really cool yeah we both took a say
about a 30-minute nap we got all changed
that's some black v-neck pants Gripsholm
your dress oh my goodness you look
stunning yes you excited for dinner and
we're doing that thing I don't I don't
know what's happening right now it's
like a drink thing and oh we haven't
showed you the main area so you guys
definitely asked so this is the lobby it
is just insane
so beautiful water fountain here
so we got these fun little drinks before
dinner with a little hummus I don't know
what this is some sort of sangria and
this is a what copy thing
but this is really good
we're having dinner like over there so
this is like a little awesome pre-event
this is the Luana and they have a bunch
of custom drinks that they are bartender
makes so it's really cool here I dare
you to eat a handful of these wasabi
how many
fit okay
okay now I feel bad okay now I know that
oh do that I'm sorry she made me eat six
you have to eat those too
is he seeing the Little Mermaid okay
you're good you're way handle that way
better than me under the sea
under the sea I never be he just came
over here so awesome and just talked to
us about like all the different drinks
he makes a bartender master bartender
dinnertime and we're getting dinner here
at Cole we have a reservation oh yes I
think this is it yes check out this view
for dinner oh my gosh got to take a dip
in the pool after we eat just eat just
dive in
Oh
we got this fancy little bread origin
arrangement here not sure what all this
is
she said that's edamame and that's like
a spicy barbecue but this is this is
cool so we got these four starters which
are ketchup barbecue pork skewers very
many Oh
ketchup banana very interesting we
wanted to try it never had something
like that before and then so Mike honey
lavender crispy shrimp both things we
haven't had so let's just be honest here
okay
I have three four and three nine and I
don't know what to do me either
you start with the big one or the little
one I'm sure we start with this one
little one cuz big ones for like big
meats I guess are you today
or do we start with these metal
chopsticks
for our me and Andre we got some
vegetable fried rice with a little side
of chicken and then some Hawaiian ribeye
of course accompanied by some candles
this is just boy you guys know how it is
happy second anniversary platter for you
oh my god
so we went all tropical tonight so we
were gonna do this is a beautiful banana
cake and then we have our pineapple cake
okay did you hear what he was saying
this is they look at the happy
anniversary Justin and Britney because
how much time this take why this is
incredible
the hospitality here is just if you guys
are in Hawaii you have to come to this
place I mean look at the presentation of
this food I am speechless okay no joke
this was literally the best meal I have
ever had in my entire life and I think
Brittany feels the same way literally
every single thing we ate the two
appetizers the main course that steak
was incredible the dessert the customs
are we even order that they just brought
it to us oh gosh I just have I am raving
with positive reviews about this place
already oh man what a great night Brit
oh did you just do that I was so
confused I heard like this music you
think of like someone's air that's so
cute
it is the prettiest little thing ever I
love that word like little shoes we just
got to the room so they hit like they
went a extra step to like come back
while we were gone to just do this
that's pretty cool yeah cuz we took a
nap remember yeah
well guys I just got a shower probably
gonna go to bed right now literally so
tired
staying up for the longest time flying
all day and only getting like 2 hours of
sleep but I have to say today's been one
of the best days ever and it's only the
first day we're here so hope you guys
are super excited from vlogs when we're
here like we said earlier we got some
really fun things planned and I'm just
so happy right now and I hope you guys
are happy as well
enjoy the rest of your day night
whenever you're watching this and stay
happy because you can we'll see you guys
back here tomorrow good bye
