hey guys welcome back to blogs we're
starting the day off with a little hike
and we found this cool ski jump
I feel like Eddie the Eagle right now
this is the coolest golf course Aaron
would love this course we just hiked to
the top of the ski lift I don't think
I've ever really been on a ski lift
without any snow you know barely I'm a
skier Ian no on our way back down
well done with our hike and they brought
this camera to vlog it but look let's
see oh sweet no battery or memory card
double fail
while good morning everybody it's 7:00
a.m. here and we are at kill our
favorite place we love the coffee shop
here and the restaurant we are shooting
a secret project right now I can't tell
you about it but we can show you what
we're doing today
here's Brittany looking fabulous today
no you don't well it's a cool green so
so what I can tell you guys is we are
filming something
oh yeah but this place is seriously so
cool we're gonna be getting some coffee
and
I know homemade pizza so we're like here
before anybody else just nice
we are here with the team which consists
of Stephanie Stephanie this man Travis
Travis and Nathan some people we are
getting we're getting miked up right now
yes and we have been shooting with this
beautiful camera really fun so far it's
kind of cold in the shade but yeah we're
making it work
we've both got lattes as well coconut
delish go the bees coming out of the
honeycomb central there's 5,000 bees
coming in and out of this at any given
time pretty insane I don't wanna get too
close because I'll get stung well we
drove up to the airport here because
today we are taking a plane tour over I
think some glaciers right with jessyca's
joining us today you're driving the
plane I'm getting out so I don't know
which one of these planes were taking
but we're going in here
Skyhawk - if you need to put a seatbelt
on I'm gonna slide this seat
we are Jason
that was a super-fun plane ride did you
guys like it well now I am very scream
it was funny we're actually gonna try
and see the aurora tonight hopefully
it's gonna be clear enough and a good
night for it so we have to stay up here
which is a couple hours north of
Anchorage until it gets dark like really
dark so I don't know what we're gonna do
until then
but yeah hopefully we can see something
cool okay we're all done with that part
we're moving on to the next area and
Brittany just got her book in the mail
without rival I Lisa Bevere and her
husband are amazing people and this book
just came out so you excited to read it
what does it say this is about embrace
your identity and purpose in an age of
confusion in comparison sounds like a
lot of girls this book would benefit
from oh is this just for any genre a lot
of it I mean a lot of men are struggling
with this to you but anything speaks to
a lot of women so well you're gonna have
to let us know what you learn in there
huh guys Daisy's gonna be a part of this
special project - yay visit our hands I
don't you know yeah you're comfortable
with we are now heading to get a workout
in at Orangetheory fitness this is gonna
be fun
and then we got a project that Britney
made we're doing a photoshoot later
this is just a action-packed day we are
shooting so much they're gonna be
following us to the gym and filming it
also
let's go I know we only have a few
minutes before class we want to sneak
this in this is gonna be a tough one
we're not gonna try and work out
insanely hard because we're gonna get
super sweaty and we don't want to look
all sweaty when were filming so lunch
has arrived we're at salsa Brava how's
the shoot been going so far guys
very good we just wish that the Italian
meal time behaved
we were horrible
which was good guys my goodness
but now back to shooting check this out
this is the Overlook at Palmer Park here
in Colorado Springs you can literally
see everything and it's just so
beautiful
you're now Garden of the Gods about to
shoot some other scenes here it's so
cool up here I wish I could tell you
guys what we're doing but I can't well
fairly soon I think we can announce what
we're doing about I always forget to
show you behind the scenes right now
what is that millionnaire well that's a
huge hella captain military-grade wow
it's fun chilling up here we got some
nice views while they're getting the
drone ready for a drone shot here I'm
glad this the Sun went out finally
get some shade
what what are we doing now Bert we're
filming more time it's 8:30 we're back
in the apartment I got once your stuff
set up hey check this out
Thanks knocks we were just hoping to hit
a million subscribers by the end of the
year and you guys just blew us away so
blows my mind that we hit a million subs
on both our channels this year first and
foremost we definitely wouldn't be here
without God looking after us thank you
so much buddy and thank you guys so much
for subscribing let's continue the vlog
we stopped here because we saw this
giant ice cream cone oh wait whoa that's
like a fountain what what is this Perry
the ice cream fountain stepped into my
and it from you this is so cool I think
that's the only reason we really stopped
it so look at the ice cream cones food
time there's not too many food places
out here except for this we keep eating
pizza shops so no wait haircuts all
right let's try I have been wanting a
haircut sizes we have made it the light
watching area this is where we're gonna
try and see the Northern Lights tonight
but as you can see it's not night time
yet and it yeah it's freezing out here I
mean we're like up here on a mountain
and over there is a mine but it's not a
working mine so we're gonna go explore
it what's up there what 9:43 can you
believe that
no yeah Jessica saying the lights
probably won't come out till about 1:00
- ish
and we're hoping they come out right
here be so sick we're almost of the mind
this is a long hike here's the mind
there's a mine entrance right there
these buildings let's go check it out
they have some old mining carts you can
get in trying to find one without water
so that one's got water this one's not
bad
scoot over
let us go through the mines of moria
who fear to go into those mines the
dwarves delved too greedily and too deep
it's getting pretty dark so we're
heading back to the car now I think it's
a little past 11:00 now so she'll have a
few hours until the lights may come out
they may or may not come out we're
really hoping they do could be so
awesome but we'll see what happens
well guys no luck on finding the lights
tonight I don't think we are far enough
north but oh well it was fun
it's like 3:30 now in the morning so we
drove back home time for bed
well that's the end of the vlog thanks
for watching and again before we go
thank you to all 1 million of you for
hitting subscribe in our Channel whether
you subscribe yesterday or two years ago
we appreciate the support anything else
Mary's sick so drink up your tea alright
we'll see you guys tomorrow
okay have a great day peace
