well great morning everybody hope you
all are having a fantastic day night
whenever you're watching this
starting off the vlog with my wife
Brittany we're here at the Springs
Church where we're trying out some new
churches because we've always watched
sermons online so we're wanting to
actually get involved so this is going
to be great
rad because I don't think out of all the
times I've been to church I've ever been
in the front row
he chose the front row
the service begins in three minutes
worship starts starting morning off
great I'm excited for gays service it is
time
this morning when you guys stand and
come in from the lobby yes and we'll
begin to prison
good morning to make sure I tolerate
today it's wonderful to see each melody
looking happy and healthy and all today
I'm thrilled to be back with you we are
back from church
it was awesome they had a guest speaker
today and he just did so great the
message was pretty much about how we
were all born to be overcomers so it was
really it was really a inspiring message
just made us both feel great and ready
to take on the day and the coming day so
thank you Springs church for a great
service now me and Brittany just had
some lunch we had some chicken nuggets
good morning guys welcome back to vlogs
we are going on a walk right now because
Jessica had to go do something for the
flowers so I'm just gonna kind of
explore around
Wow yes well that's was really cool we
got in really late last night so didn't
really get to see anything
found a grocery store to get some snacks
cars quality Center we got our groceries
there's a farmers market up here so I'm
gonna check it out as well here we are
not bad we got some vegetables zucchini
Oh sugar snap peas and then I love a
rosemary bread I've never had that
before
so I'm excited have you we're ready to
start today's activity for patient
center what does that mean and they
can't go back so they take care of them
really now or they make them better and
then let them go back out this is gonna
be really fun I can't wait to see all
the cool creatures but it's kind of
raining a little bit so we left the
drone at the house took a quick pit stop
at this wood carving place have some
awesome things that's crazy
and they got like their work zones you
can see that it's handmade what no way
it's a t-rex egg dumb little to you rat
that is awesome
I tend to keep the things I care about
close and that's the problem with the
things I love the most because I never
wanted to clean too much and bother you
but I guess that's all we're here I was
excited I get out until they drive
around and then you can get out as well
but it is raining so they like sticks
okay he is he's eating a big pile of
sticks there's a few of them in here
she's smart she brought rain boots but
she's they have normal shoes there's
some moose over there guys like he's
stretching oh we didn't just go walking
through the mud get a good pic mer
that's crazy how big these guys are
physical you talk about me
slightly raining just a little drizzle
so not too bad it's snack time for mr.
bear mom oh he's going poops I've got a
lot of bears here so cool electric fence
uh-oh
say hi to the deer for us can't get down
there's too much mud hey Mary how do
they make buffalo sauce it's actually a
really I mean who thought to make sauce
out of these guys I just I don't know
this guy gave himself a custom paint job
that's actually a really cool keV we're
going to the gift shop now we saw quite
a few animals a lot of them were going
poop
oh we're not okay I just giving you an
update of the animals we've seen what's
this guy's name
is it Dale how do you guys say poor
porcupine porcupine our porcupine we say
you say porcupine poor keep it on that
we've been saying it now I say porcupine
no so who knows what do you say reindeer
hides this is so soft like oh my
goodness I am so amazed this is the
weirdest keychain hi
we're done with the Conservation Center
it's time for a quick banana snack and
then we're going to do a hike of sorts
and some other fun activity that I never
heard of before I don't know what you
call it okay bucket riding hand trimming
well show you when we get there we're
going on our hike
there's um your backpack essentials my
backpack essentially bear spray and bear
Bell yeah well you know unlatch the bear
Bell okay I think we understand what the
more spray does she's a crazy jungle in
here hand tram that's what we're doing
that way huh I can hear the river wow
there's so many sticks on this trail
this thing goes across the river be so
cool so the trail like stops here and
you have to go across in this thing
getting in
taking the secret rock passage down
closer to the river
jumping in
yeah we were just up there most cool the
trail goes that way we were to the
waterfall this area but now we have to
go back across the tram sister power
almost there
keep it up keep it up close the door
they've had some wild blueberries you
sure this is a blueberry yeah I hope so
mmm that's good oh yeah they are yeah
usually don't really like blueberries
but these ones are you doing I've seen
them on the branch did a lot of
blueberries but I see one right here
that I want to pick yes my tongue is
super blue now from blueberries how do
they do it print well you smashed a
bunch of blueberries on yourself and it
looks like blood
yeah I hear music there was a wedding up
here somewhere but be funny food here
yeah that's the wedding
what's happening and he's so good is it
on me yeah
get it off we decided to stop and get a
lot of blueberries because we're gonna
make crepes later and make blueberry
crepes with fresh picked Alaskan
blueberries super windy but we're making
Walmart stop I'll show you right over
there I've got this water spigot that's
straight from a glacier anyway it's
fresh we made it back and guess what
it's almost 9:30 at night but it's just
now like starting to be a sunset it's
just crazy to me yeah it's like
sometimes I get 9:30 I might tired and
ready for bed is dark everything but I
could be hard to go to sleep it's so
bright out thanks for watching the vlog
guys and be sure to come back for
another fun adventure tomorrow and by
fun I mean a really fun adventure so
we'll see you then okay you guys rock
peace huh
