hey everybody welcome back to vlogs
before I say anything else and continue
the vlog I have to say thank you so much
to everybody who has given us so much
support on our last 24 hours old paper
for I am like blown away with the
support you guys have given us on that
video we posted yesterday it almost has
750,000 views with a hundred and twenty
seven thousand likes like I still do not
get how we have that many likes I never
I remember before we even uploaded that
video me an answer like how many likes
do you think it's gonna get and I was
like just throwing it out there I was
like maybe we can get a hundred thousand
he's like nah and we did so I just got
to say seriously thank you I don't know
what else to say
anyways I'm here with my wife Brittany
hello to all the new subscribers we are
here what are we doing we again some
grub because I'm too lazy to cook we
can't decide between bad ideas or modern
market we go to modern market all the
time we haven't been bad days in a while
we're starting to vlog off a little lady
food me and Andrew we were filming today
we didn't vlog because we weren't we've
just been super busy because as you guys
know he is going to Alaska right now and
so you'll see vlogs from him and yeah
we've just been staying busy so we're
starting off alone late
hey we've made up her mind we're going
to modern market we come here way too
many times
okay we never we want a bad daddies
instead we want burgers
I'm trying to decide what everyone this
special sounds good it's a sweet color
in Teresa crunch burger with guacamole
do I want that or just a bacon burger we
went with that guys it looks pretty
swell a sweet potato fries YUM what is
up guys greetings from Seattle yeah
we've got to vlog back in Colorado so
we're starting the alaska journey here
in Seattle what time is it
things like nine o'clock and we haven't
had dinner yet and everything's closed
here so desperate for food boinking open
is McDonald's we have like an hour and a
half until our flight leaves so if you
could just find one decent food spot
everybody we found the food court of
sorts they have a Qdoba
this is the first time I get to try out
the drone backpack and I did some quick
modifications before we left to make it
nice and personalized but there's
nowhere to sit so we're going to eat
food on the ground
like the board they have plugs on this
flight nearly yes
dinner was fantastic but we're back in
our apartment me and Brittany actually
just got a garage that's attached
because we have a one-bedroom apartment
and has a married couple we've been in
this apartment for about a year now over
a year
it's kind of hard having a one-bedroom
because of all the stuff we have it's
just it's it's a really small apartment
too so we got the garage so we can put
stuff in and have a little more space
before we move out because me and her
are taking next step soon and getting a
house which we are really excited where
we could tell you about more later but
just to keep you guys updated on right
here plus we have a dog who's yeah Daisy
which is crazy she needs a yard to run
in and play aircar crazy Daisy for a
reason itself let's go here's our patio
this is full of stuff we need to put in
a garage this is insane I'm so glad we
got a garage so we can get all this
stuff away here we go first time opening
the garage let's see what it looks like
in here your typical nice garage yay
there we go it's nice to get this stuff
out the way the bikes and our boards and
all this stuff was on our deck and it
just looked really bad so taking Daisy
for a quick walk Brittney I have a lot
of cleaning to do and errands to run
because tomorrow we're working on a
special project that we can't tell you
guys about I don't know when we can tell
you but just working on something really
cool and I'm gonna go get a haircut
really soon what haircut time
you really have to film this oh I have
to or their home subscribe that wasn't a
mom just listen to dad because he's got
better ideas yeah you're right about
that
hey Teddy who remembers Teddy Teddy
daddy he buddy he's the best dog all
done but teddy has but fro that's so
funny
you don't like your butt fro he's a not
although the haircut feeling fresh
it'll be style tomorrow fall down now oh
well this is like the first time we can
film our apartment because usually it's
really dirty but we just spent like a
few an hour not a few an hour cleaning
and it looks fabulous so I'm making some
popcorn will show you more that tomorrow
Britney made that insane
but here's the popcorn I'm making ready
Vermont maple kettle corn non-gmo I
already had this before once a few days
ago here that's really good so just got
it again nice stock gonna wind down I
probably watch some survivor or
something and then go to bed so we have
to get up early we have to be somewhere
at 7 a.m. lower in Alaska now it's
12:31 almost died of heatstroke on that
plane I've never been so hot on an
airplane before my minds they worse I
know I'm surviving your sweatshirt we
got wait for your sister Jessica to come
pick us up now
hey Jessica thanks for picking us up
we are extremely tired now I am
extremely tired now you probably tell my
eyes so probably go to bed
Alaska adventures sure tomorrow so I
guess we'll see you then okay you're
yawning you are too tired
