hey everyone eyes welcome back to vlogs
Wow I cannot explain how excited I am
right now
new drew I can't either but here we are
wow it's been a long time coming a lot
of you guys have been bombarding us with
messages since day one comments and like
all of these well so many comments we
can't even just handle them let's just
start things off what's we got to do
something first
what right yes you need a plan but just
in case you haven't got the memo we are
doing a 24 hour fort so here is the plan
guys we have a map here Walmart
alright we are up here this is the
entrance we're gonna have to come in
here if you guys have seen our other
forts we have a toilet paper for water
bottle forts dog bag forts and diaper
fourths we have all explored so go ahead
I was just pointing with the finger as
you draw ouch
are we going to the toilet paper first
yes okay we got to examine each area
first B what does the toilet paper
section look like or maybe we should
look at each section and we'll circle
back to the front yeah alright we'll
check this out then we're going to make
our way to the water bottle or see if
that's a good area which it has been in
the past dog bag ports are for night
sleeping this this will be the sleepover
for because it's dark in these back so
after we get this for according to go
over to the diaper section see what that
looks like and then circle back to the
toilet paper for build the floor and
begin the fuck who's excited sounds like
a plan Stan
also guys what following us on Instagram
you should follow us yes here's our
instagram user names right here so
follow us you post cool pics
here we are love this place
we have made it this is the toilet paper
aisle it's looking great it's not too
stocked but definitely something we can
work with and build a fort but as you
can see it's a single wall yeah that's
kind of that might be good we've never
dealt with this type of fort before so
we don't know if it may be a problem
also we don't know when they're going to
restock or if they're going to restock
so this is all just a learning curve
here look at the fountains yeah they're
bountiful bounties this is stocked so we
may have to stick around this area
because obviously they're not going to
refill this area there's too much and
they have three levels which is good not
sure if we can get up there but yeah
here's water bottles this is looking
good actually actually I would have to
say this isn't no ghost guys so give up
on it just yet all right I won't give up
but this is definitely a red zone you
can see through there and it's very open
here this is a red zone you don't go in
the red zones oh my gosh I think we just
hit the jackpot - with forts though the
previous diaper for if you guys haven't
seen that one you have to check it out
but look this type of fort is up against
the wall which may be perfect
it already looks for like building the
walls are up chillin back there for
sleeping
oh my there's only one thing left to
check
what dog food yes after we check dog
food we can start begin the building
process it's crazy how every location
has like a different setup like this dog
section is completely different than the
other store
so definitely buildable though I like it
what do you say there's only one
downside I've seen so far what all the
flooring is this kind of Floyd some of
the other for time like the like this
style which is nice to sit on yeah hurts
but checks but if you get a rug then
it'll get better okay so we're just
going to start here build a few walls so
the dog forward yeah so the dog food
fort is ready to go
we are so excited we just found out
Walmart has Wi-Fi although the Walmart's
we've been to don't so I'm testing to
see how fast it is my Twitter loads
pretty fast
okay downloads not looking promising
not even one make will upload be good no
well if we have Wi-Fi make sure you're
stay tuned guess we have some really
good ideas that we want to do throughout
the blog what yes and be exciting the
whole time so make sure to give it a
like now or else
guys he's restocking dog food right now
that's perfect so after it's restocked
we can build and not worry about
restocking yes even more dog food man
the shelves might be full it'll work
okay we can make it work that well know
no one's going to attack that smaller
sleeve we'll check back in once they're
done with that why did we even start
building don't know but let's do this
I don't this might be good you have to
go in going in the diaper for guys
we close the door like this
that's a good idea right I'm in here we
have not too much resources here we have
to fill in these cracks somehow but it's
actually pretty nice for you I just like
that there's a wall here makes it so
much better
what are you doing out there what what's
happening out there there's no one here
no one here
they just keep bringing stuff out
elsewhere I think this is the time where
they bring out restock items it's 8:30
right now but oh this is all just so
intense and scary right now because I'm
like hey bring all the diaper stuff to
restock right now they'll find us in
here
they're bringing products out from the
back and putting them at each station
for the people to stock later so we're
just gonna chill for a few minutes for a
few and observe and then assess and then
build and then oh yeah hey guys we're
here with Hannah Hannah she just came up
to here while we're chilling and subway
before they closed we're waiting to go
before but we totally put her in the
blog so thanks for getting a pic with us
or watching our video okay we don't know
when they're gonna stop or start
restocking anything so we're just gonna
have to go for it right yeah this is it
spot I think this is a wise spot see how
this is ahead corner this is like a
corner lot which corner Lots always the
best when you're buying your house so
okay I really really really hope we
don't get kicked out we want to make
this work so bad for you guys we're
gonna try our best but what there you go
double wolves that's perfect okay going
when you start building here you go all
right we need to move this this way dude
what am I supposed to do but I've been
trapped in here if he leaves oh okay
it's super crammed in here so I'm trying
to figure out where to put these extra
rolls we may have to make that door
right here for anybody new to our
channel some quick advice about toilet
paper forts is you want to make them two
layered walls because if someone takes
off a layer right there you're still
safe and you won't be seen
now you push this all the way closed oh
this is perfect
I know it's big in here don't push the
lower locally see there's no holes on
anywhere in this for it I don't think
anybody could even hear us if heard
huffing I just hope hope they don't
restock this what if they're like wow
there's a lot of sparkle and then push
it back my bowl then don't make any
sales
they'll just be pushing them
Oh
there's an employee right there
all right
also there's some good Pokemon in here
yes
what the ten o'clock guys think it's
time to do what we have a special
surprise this time we're going to order
some pizza and have it delivered to this
location
hopefully we want to step our game up so
pizza pizza but we got to make this a
nice little area to eat the pizza
so now get some beanbags capper flooring
but all we're nervous employees outside
we don't want them to see us so you're
gonna be very sneaky yeah plus they're
still getting all the boxes out to stock
the shelves we don't know when that's
gonna start
they're everywhere let's go we got out
and almost knocked over the whole fort
hi I was just wanting to call for a
delivery can we just get a
pepperoni pizza see you shouldn't buy
yeah they're all deliver the betta to us
yes said 2025 minutes yeah
what are we going to do now I'm just so
stoked we managed to get this who has
ever got pizza delivered to a fort not
the entrance but pretty much mansions
the best yeah easier oh yes
Pizza Pizza making beats thanks for
delivering it here
thank you very much good night yeah yes
yeah now when we get it in the floor
without them seems yes we can we will
try it
let's go bean bags are a must for the
force we need two of those for each of
us to sit down
you like these yeah by the way guys we
say this every time but we don't
recommend doing this but just keep in
mind if you are ever going to build a
fort make sure you put stuff back so if
you get stuff for them inside of the
fort when you're done building the fort
and done with everything put it back
where you got them
yeah be a good citizen because somebody
has to do that it should be you you put
it them here's a good rug
I am so glad we got out of the toilet
paper section we did their restocking it
right now there were just like three
employees in there so it's great with
pizza you of course need a drink and
they have a our faith like my favorite
bubbly one is a black cherry really I've
never had it yes
when building a fort you have to get
games of course this is one of our
favorite games if you guys haven't
played it try it out
there's only eight bucks here so may
have to get that I'm getting this with a
sleepover it's a paw patrol food on
couch but not to bed and you get your
favorite friends to come and I love paw
patrol huh
where
why tree
yes since we both forgot our toothbrush
and toothpaste we need to get that
before bed how's this one in that one 97
cents what was I thinking yeah I don't
what color do I want what is that it's a
toothbrush why is this this one comes
with two it's a travel wash okay this
one yeah glow sticks are needed of
course in the dog fort because it's
going to be dark in there we need to see
got all our stuff paid for we are good
to go
so during restocking our fort got a
little destroyed so we have to do some
remodels
it's not a problem we're working on it
he filled it up but we're gonna empty it
out a little bit last time we were in
that very corner house yes we got the
bean bags in here and it's pretty tight
but we made it work
counter beats are here now Andrew just
needs to get in
make some quick adjustments
we did it you what time is it
it is 1218 a.m. time to enjoy some pizza
do the honors
yes I am so I'm so proud of us for
getting this far ready and it's midnight
better than anticipated yes you can take
a first bite really yeah
okay guys then we got the drinks here as
you can see we just got some bays and
paid for live streaming right now this
is on Facebook we go live on here every
once in a while so there's the fans we
told you guys on Twitter too that we are
going here so some of you may be here
thanks for joining us mom thanks guys
Wow there's 200 people in here a lot of
you are awake and the atleat how are you
where are you right now in the toilet
you were Ford
I was telling them I got this charger
for our phones just in case yeah I don't
know a percent I'm at maybe 60 may need
it I don't know
super what's to know do you think you
will actually sleep I do I'm actually
kind of tired I don't know what's that
laid out I'll probably just fall asleep
wake up and to be eight am
posh the dog foods really dumb / dark
that area we already have stuff built in
the dog food area okay it's about time
to go Cragen
we have to go brush our teeth because
it's time for bed and we have to go put
this stuff back so this is going to be
very hard we're still live streaming
because they were desperate for us last
yes we got out thank goodness I was a
good good yes good bye pizza
who's ready Shepard what hard you green
okay you can have group yay
now that we've got our teeth brushed
we have one last thing to do and we have
successfully completed a 24-hour Ford
get into the dog for bed and sleep and
wake up can we do this was there oh yeah
we do need pillows because we want to be
comfy right we're setting up the for the
final moments here
I got Romney it is back here this is the
first time we're showing you guys
but this
you're dead
darn it no service please I got my paw
patrol Benson this actually really
really don't be alright this time - BAM
it's time to open up our glow sticks
they'll do this roof lights off okay
okay yeah
this is epic so brightly machine or
combine it with mine check it guys
we got some interior design going here
some nice ambience lights now that we
got the lights set up I think it's time
to play some monopoly deal you we here's
our foam light so we can play in here in
time to deal
I won the first round boys it's kind of
the city
yeah my back spine is bending like blobs
yeah why I'm trying to stick
cross-legged and this pulls in the way
also this pull at us in the way my black
is blending like a bohemian bamboo pole
huh
whoa guys 1:45 a.m.
yikes what time should we get up for
breakfast dude I don't know it I don't
know if we should set our alarms or just
sleep but that might be bad insane loud
well I'm probably gonna be sleeping like
this
so I'm kind of tired so I feel like I'm
actually gonna be able to sleep which
I'd be nice you just wish they would
turn the lights off
Oh turn those off get them on now he's a
little distracted we'll keep our cameras
by us just in case they start restocking
again in the dog food oh that would be
the worst but if not you'll see us in
the morning
good night guys
just trying to sleep guys go away
okay it is at the Rio 2 a.m. and that
guy he noticed that the bags were
different because we use different bags
and here's where I am okay he took this
bag this bag off and it was just this
bag I was down like masters hiding for
my dear life I can look up and I could
see his face but he somehow didn't see
me and he just stacked he's back up
I'd literally have no idea we didn't see
me it was the most intense fort moment
we've ever had I'm really shaking
literally I couldn't move for like the
whole time was there like 20 minutes he
was getting pissed because he thought
the other guy that did all the dog food
bags really messed up got a big hole now
I don't want to come back and fix it
again like so confused yeah at on Justin
the reason he didn't see me is because
he's not expecting to see someone's
sleeping behind the dog food so it's
like if you're not expecting to see it
you sometimes miss things huh okay so
your food plus you have to be like
really down low looking
straight Dessie yeah that's true he left
some boxes here so someone will be
coming back
I don't let him see those but I was like
almost falling asleep then all of a
sudden the fort started falling apart
good morning everybody
7:22 a.m. we have to get out of here
well guys I officially got out of the
fort safely but there is a employee like
I don't know what she's doing she's
checking everything
so Andrew he's still in there or trying
to get out uh he made it out yeah and
but not really I just said she was by us
she was doing inspections like checking
every product to make sure it was like
in his spot looks good so dog dog food
did area did the good she said it pass
so we're like a few when she started
looking closer at our section that
would've been bad so we got out just in
time
thank goodness they have Subway
connected to this Walmart we get some
breakfast quick breakfast
we still haven't left Walmart yet Earth
oh yes we did it fresh air
yay yeah we completed the 24-hour
challenge forts and we didn't get caught
or in trouble or kicked out before you
guys click away please give this video a
thumbs up we spent all night this place
avoiding all the employees just please
give us a like maybe we can set up our
own personal record for the amount of
most amount of likes on a video on our
channel so we're not going to set a
number we're just going to see what
happens it's up to you guys can you
break the record whatever that is but
we're gonna go home now probably take a
nap and I don't know if this has just
been fun thanks for watching we hope you
guys were excited that we got this done
finally and leave some comments down
below what you think and what do you
wanna see next time and that's it
goodbye
