well good morning everybody and welcome
back to vlogs it's good to have you here
hey drew hey everybody we have a
surprise to show you guys yeah we have
some packages oh my I'm so excited
never guess what they are we wanted to
open these up first thing in LA cuz I'm
so excited this is gonna be some sort of
giveaway of sorts for you guys so let's
uh let's just open this up what could
this be all of these oh my let's pull
one out guys a lot of you may remember
this we did we sold these back in the
day here they are custom Jase to studio
sunglasses limited amount of these
chains Chu studios it says it's right on
the inside there's currency but we got
tons of different colors so we got the
orange here you got the reflector style
as well I think there's four different
styles just a smoky black and the last
one is a blue shade wow yeah men and
these are from our friend over at detour
sunglasses he made these for us back in
the day and we did like a little
partnership with him and sold these
sunglasses and these I think are all the
not really defects but the ones that he
couldn't ship out because I don't know
why but they look all perfect so we're
going to do something fun we haven't
figured it out yet but we want to give
you guys some of these sunglasses these
are what these two boxes are full of
custom sunglasses you won't find
anywhere else well continuing on we have
to check in on some what you need a
month what happened yesterday no this
morning Erin had surgery
gotta get his tonsils out so well I
really go visit him at the hospital but
it wasn't there very long so they go in
and say hi I don't know what kind of
condition he's in hoping he's okay
Aaron that's okay if not okay shake head
violently no Aaron and I were actually
watching Michael Phelps to nights ago
win the gold medal I was a sweet sweet
race how many times has he won a 19 gold
medals and 20 some other total medals
that's just wow what an athlete yeah you
are we'll see you around five for a
toilet paper fort see ya good night
sleep it's about that time again this
week for cranky
gotta upload a new video to main channel
so at the dollar store because we need
to get some funny items for this week's
I holy cow guys who wants some peaches
an artificially flavored strawberry
jell-o ice gel what are they made out of
and no one knows locust carrageenan
release not that good
artificial flavors just don't buy those
to be from here and don't buy these
either it says on the back partially
produced with genetic engineering yes
partially though
oh oh okay weird stuff on the titles
like don't buy it
dude what I don't know what that is
dinosaur I thought was a dinosaur an
alligator nerve oh well that's a really
good hat if you want to go hiking or
fine I'll stop King Soopers to get some
awkwardly shaped sized veggies what do I
want
where's bok choy maybe that would be
funny didn't want to buy this which is a
ball lock of cheese who can guess how
much they think this is
well you're wrong it's 455 dollars for
this cheese block who on earth would buy
this it's the same cheeses I guess
almost eight bucks for this piece my
goodness he said there's more expensive
ones here to which I why yeah we have
made it to our filming destination in
college our fave I don't think school
started you up yet but still scoop that
but still students are hanging around
the school hopefully we'll have enough
victims here Andrew is getting miked up
as we speak
I need tape okay we got our items let's
do this well as you can see construction
zone is right here great if you knew
this was the library so yay there's a
big hole in the wall up there means no
books no students no nothing no prank
crikey we have to go around to the
lunchroom maybe okay I found some shade
first victim is over there
Andrews walking around got the camera
out let's see how this clip does guys
she's sitting on a pile of ants your
back how'd the first clip go there's
good but it's hot as beans out here yeah
the Sun is quite hot that's why I'm
under the shade it's very forceful we
have to go inside area it's okay
okay I can't can't see this but there's
this car up here
that's literally you can kind of see
it's like blocking the mid lane for some
reason just a second ago the car had to
stop and make him back up great stunts
is this man doing Wow
this car is beautiful so getting one why
because I have always wanted a car I've
only had big SUVs well he just bought it
you can borrow it really yeah okay we
move different colleges now we're back
to the regular college we usually go to
but it sounds like they're doing
construction here too really crap about
the block I'll call you back Tyler what
it's time to go
thankfully there's people here so this
should be a funny scene because this is
his problem
yeah back home because it's Taco Tuesday
for dinner with Britney got Turkey has
the mean we got wok onions what else do
we got yes coming your way
sweet potato on Taco Tuesdays yes tasty
do you want the taco - oh my goodness oh
my got some spine ik deep greens bland
out beans so this is gonna be good guys
hope you are excited we kept you updated
on dinner yeah I just uploaded this
gaming video to goose hua gaming so you
should go check it out but Aaron and I
win Pokemon hunting we got stuck in a
thunderstorm and it was like downpouring
and the camera got soaked and some of
the audio is all messed up so I mean I
did a test with this and I was working
so hopefully the audio works Mary and I
are on our way to a lifetime because
we're doing this core class and we've
been doing it for the long we'll just
say like a month or so yeah I've just
been wanting to film it because it's
really fun class I'm gonna try to will
see parts of it you're not ready no no
one's judging Mary this is gonna be the
only time we can film this for the next
couple weeks because we haven't told you
this yet but Mary and I are actually
going to Alaska we leave yeah we leave
Friday Oh
but we're going to visit her sister who
lives up there basically in Anchorage I
don't know exactly where about yeah
somewhere up somewhere up there we leave
Friday me are gonna come back like it's
a little over a week next Saturday
something like that we have a lot of fun
things planned and it's going to be
epic and I'd never really been to Alaska
I've only been there once when I was
like a baby 1 years old I think my
parents did a road trip 1 1 years 0
years I don't know but we did a road
trip up there with my parents and I
can't remember a thing have you been
before I I was not one years old how
long does it take to drive there I'm
glad we're flying this class is only 30
minutes long but you're only working
your core so it's really good core they
say is anything from your armpits down
to your knees
yeah so there's like wads cord if this
area basketball
points
that was a good class every class that
end with a three-minute point challenge
we had pulled playing for three minutes
and then there's like a bunch of
variations going on so how did it go for
you
I think I'm gonna do a little chest
workout and then call it a an evening
for the gym I just finished be able to
outside at the sunset real quick
it's a raining over there - what in the
world is even better out here what is
this this is the best this is like
National Geographic footage I'm getting
I know like on camera looks like a bunch
of little tornados oh my gosh if we were
at home right now when this first
started I would have been flying the
drone you imagine if you're flying with
yeah every drove over there though flew
the drone like through that what
yeah but sadly this is gonna go away in
a few minutes I wish I could just stay
like this all day I'd be sick we're on
our way home now get some food but tell
me if the gyms kind of hard sometimes
this is the end of the vlog thanks for
watching guys quick comments of the day
Congrats on eight hundred thousand
subscribers we have to address this I
woke up this morning and it just rolled
over and I was very happy thank you guys
yes we could not and would not be here
without the big man upstairs so first
and foremost and obviously the
subscribers is that so yeah our goal is
to get a meal by the end of the year so
I hope you can get there guys I think we
can't thank you guys for all this
amazing support and Zach thank you for
leaving this comment as well we enjoy
reading the comments also 24 hour pour
is coming this week so hold your horses
it's coming we see in the comments well
see you later good bye
