good morning guys scenes it's what is
the right time right now
it's like a 15-8 20 we're actually
starting the vlog off in the morning for
once yay we're with a a Ron hello fellas
can you guess why we're all wearing
Broncos gear today you go up to the
Super Bowl
yeah now we're actually going today
they're doing Broncos training camp
they've been doing it for like a week or
plus so we're going for the first time
Andrew brought his cards hopefully we
get some autos Devante Parker rookie
card my holographic Ronnie Hillman my
very rare Demaryius I had a 500 and then
two basics a Vaughn and DeMarcus though
if they sign these I'm gonna scream like
little schoolgirl Andrew said he's
gotten autographs every time he came
here so yeah but they've always been old
linemen we don't have those cards so
it's just the best way to get autographs
is to bring a kid with you oh yeah well
we got Aaron so and Aaron's wearing his
Vaughn jersey Colorado Sox Denver Sox
Bronco shoes
yes line goes way over there they've had
what I think three days is so far with
over 5,000 people here that's missing
hey guys hi oh we got some merch here
too expensive ABS hey brah
Rock you said to come this way yes yes
yes dude we have made it in officially
the Pat Bowlen field house it's actually
a lot of robot wow it's weird cuz I've
been watching all this on snapchat and
now to be here because the Broncos have
a snapchat and they've been hosting this
and now we're here this is the player
list and we'll let you know after
practice who's gonna get cut based on
our observations as coaches right yeah
I'm going to be very observing today all
three of us we're going to be evaluating
the players cutting people so less than
an hour until practice nurse what rating
so we're still waiting for practice to
begin and we have ran into Louie all the
way from the UK which is insane and he's
been how long you been watching man um
for about two years two years and his
parents he his dad actually message to
us on Twitter and we told him we'd be
here and so we had to come meet him and
I told him we put him in the blog
anything you want to say to the camera
just shop to meet you dude it's so great
to meet you and I like the Hat you say
he likes the Broncos - so dude this
guy's the cart master maybe he wants to
do some trades he's throwing the
football into the crowd Trustin please
stand up Justin do it go go go
start yelling yeah - stand up as a yeah
he's gonna throw it to you yeah - guys
why did you do that that did feel good
though
anyways we're finally here we're trying
to get some good pigs
hey MVP right there yeah you do some
Torchic and an V Miller do some dance
brown yes anchor with the star status
yeah dad
also there's Sanchez over there and
Simeon I was booger
number 20 okay hold on
it's so blurry your car go run out there
and get his auto alright something we
all need to discuss as a group as
quarterbacks Sanchez Sam or Lynch what
do you guys like oh hold on guys
but fumbles looking very strong Oh years
ago we talked to Tom more than at
Indianapolis the offensive coordinator
you got a busted play here and then
lands changes gets hit the ball is loose
and it's alive I have never seen this
before in my life watch this Vince
Wilfork is going to throw Brandon more
back into his quarterback he's going to
fumble the football this is what Mark
Sanchez not expecting it and it was the
back side of Brandon more that knocked
the ball out yeah Simeon there was a
report saying he doesn't like taking
chances only check down so that's
now also a simian barely has played
anything so no no I'm going let go bug
anyways Lynch but Palmer's gonna have a
start do you allow him to start who's
your favorite out of all the
quarterbacks Cyril
Peter oh please Lynch Lynch but by far
by far I know he was killing it in
college mr. finestra just you can go go
away go yeah are you waiting here like
what is that red zone time for but
fumble is he gonna do good or not nope
get out Paxton's out and he needs a good
play in order to not be third string
this year just throw a touchdown guys
it's like an end zone
what happens it is literally so hot out
here I'm just so glad they have
sunscreen they've like a little
sunscreen boobs and then they have this
thing right over here blow up inflatable
mister yes
autograph time okay
got a ball let's hope they come over
here Demaryius Thomas sign autographs
yay
so many people you just take Aaron's
card in there my arm was on six inches
haired and did you get it hey guys got
demands to sign my card
wow dude Emmett yes that was the one in
your pocket bent no shut up oh never
mind
Andrews back any luck no some people are
very annoying with these autographs it's
like I'm seeing it in the front and are
like shoving me out the way yeah she got
shot Aaron so nice you already showed it
off yeah that's going on the wall of
Aaron Waugh LeBaron vitomir is we like
to us by Damaris what else for the rare
just your bud just look at all the
Desperados good tossing footballs out
I kind of wanted to get a picture with
Damaris that'd be cool but I didn't have
really anything for him to sign
so a picture would have been cool but
however he was given someone's like
thing back and his hand was open and I
almost like put it in tan really yeah
right there I was like I pushed it but
yeah but it was fun maybe one day some
of the Broncos players who want to
collab with us we can do a prank with
them or even just vlog that'd be so cool
library prank with DT loud eating with
Denver Broncos yes after training cats
yeah after training camp snack I got a
sandwich who's hungry me it is time for
lunch everybody
she bullies her yes oh great
wrong line
how was a Chipotle I'm eating because
you eat it so fast I was great
always great yeah but we got cards card
club rares
well we think these are all the same
because they're handing out diet and
they're hand them out to everybody
Derek Wolfe soul in front of everything
but attractive this couch these codes
are gonna be invalid because we already
entered them so don't even try but the
codes you get free tickets or some sort
of prize so we get your autograph things
yeah this is a coupons so we're gonna
definitely do that a Derek Walt what
dear pool and the Mary Thomas Demaryius
there is Chris Harris Emmanuel Sanders
DeMarcus Ware CJ Anderson prize guys and
Roseanne update for you that he hasn't
told you about okay so um as you guys
have noticed before my backyard has been
a complete dirt pile no grass so I
consulted with my father and he gave us
a plan on how to grow grass so I spent I
wanted to make a video about it but I
just didn't get around to doing it but
um I turned all the soil in the backyard
by hand and then we planted grass and
it's starting to come up so we want to
take you guys to an up-close personal
look at update and grass Wow
look at it
yeah it's arriving any ghost pepper
plants out here nope not yet
but as you can see this area is going to
be like a fire pit with like mulch and
stuff and then run up the light will
would just kind of walk it off and this
will hopefully all be grass soon this
will be a the perfect yard for backyard
parties yeah
grass for fun spike ball come over for
fire food food right here hangouts got
binges it works whoa
yes perfect so probably in the next few
months this should all be maybe done
perfect for just in time for winter so
back home gonna get a workout in tonight
we got some salmon getting a thought out
for after for dinner and it's going to
be good it's been a crazy day we just I
just got back from filming another fort
video which I think goes before this
vlog if you haven't seen that for should
go check it out it's really good and
I've been wearing the shirt a lot so I
need to change I ran into a Whole Foods
real quick because I had to get this
vegan sport protein on the go this is
like perfect there's only like two bucks
three bucks I think for after workout so
had to get that now it's time to go in
at the party yes it is
after all the run all right all done
with the workout very nice very tiring
as always
Thank You Orangetheory fitness you've
done me well hey desi say hey to
everybody yeah and dinner is served guys
Sam asparagus and a vegetable mix gotta
eat this I'm starving
well guys thanks for watching today's
vlog uh I can't remember
what thanks for so many likes on our
last four video it's the same yeah
and this comments cool yeah we
appreciate you guys support so much
we'll see you back here tomorrow
B's bye
