good morning everybody welcome back to
vlogs we are back at Walmart as you can
see here we're not doing what you guys
think we're doing though we're doing
some a little different this time
it's a fort but not in the toilet paper
aisle let's go see what we can see there
we are guys this food this could be a
fort they're going to keep trying out
new force I'm actually kind of did a
fort before but oh yeah you did I
remember that we never done a dog food
force this would be a first time we
don't know what the steps are to make a
good one let's let's figure it out
together this appears to be pretty full
of food
kind of have a wall here
but there's one big stack back there we
got to fix it's hard because each of
these is 40 pounds so I don't know how
many bags that is but Y Ike's
mini workout while trying to build this
fort yep
I made it you can't really see them in
here oh here's the door you can actually
kind of open it close it
it's very dark dude this is the best
form that's so hidden no one will ever
find us in your scene you move these cuz
she's keep hitting him as a quiet not
bad see over here too kind of jammed
unfortunately don't know how we're gonna
fix that but should we try though we can
try
also this Fork smells very weird it was
like yummies weird snacks not any uh
should bring Daisy and Buford here
if you let's give this Caesar salad that
lady finally left she was looking at
food for like 10 minutes chilling in the
loft right now we're trying to figure
out what we should do next with this
board I can have to go out there and
move bags yeah could we want to excavate
that way okay so let's do it
Wow
Oh you want to go this way which is near
impossible
okay he's trying to push the bags this
way because we're super hungry I don't
have to help pull this is the book aisle
goes right to the fort if you can hear
me tap I did not realize that people
pick out dog food takes them forever to
pick a bag
Justin's in the fort and you can't do
anything because there's like people
just standing there the whole time guess
what what I think people spend more time
picking on dog food than their own food
I've been realizing that she was pulling
stuff out of the folder I found a
problem with dog food you have double
walls because the bags are so big oh
yeah that was a big problem I almost was
spotted she went through all these bags
and finally picked one down there we're
trying out different fork styles because
I think the key to success for the 24
hour challenge is to have multiple
setups that way you're not in one spot
the whole time we were saying we would
love to do the toilet paper for just a
mini fort for during the day I'm
sleeping in the dog courts because it's
so dark in there are we going to try
something else or yeah I'm kind of
looking around for potentials we might
go check out the water bottles yeah
here's the water bottles what are your
thoughts huh
that's the problem when they're stocked
it's hard to build any kind of he's
going in guys whoa I've increased the
security on level two Dale what
his board is awesome back here by the
way
huh I want to come in but I'm gonna get
spotted by him hey guys when I figured
out more here was look a whole new
secret lair zone
I can go very far with the problem with
back here is you can't really move
around much this is just a secret path
and no one can find you
we're trying to move these water bottles
around so we can actually hang back
there apparently Andrew said he's coming
back here
there's a lot of people out there that's
why hey get in here
Wow very comfy back here right bad
there's no one can see this back here
well your ass yeah but we can't do
anything I can almost stand this way
it's really dusty so we made our mark
that lady toward piece of the wall down
nice time to go I think yeah I need if I
figure out other forts we can build is
it clear guys yeah that's a bit of a
squeeze
figure out which one it was oh okay
okay I guess we'll go do that this is
really a test run of these different
types of forts so we didn't really get
to put any like supplies and decorations
in these ones we're just testing
different styles today and at the end of
this video after we do a few more quotes
we want to know your opinion which one
you like the best which one we should
expand but like we said in our prank if
you watch that if it got 10,000 likes we
would do the 24-hour fort this upcoming
week so I think it has like 12,000 likes
now so it's happening thanks to you guys
for expect that soon also they have card
boxes here which we kind of want
we're trying to figure out those card
stores telling us that these aren't as
good cards yeah does anybody else know
because I know there's some of you guys
commenting that are collectors so we
know there's a difference between retail
boxes and hobby boxes what's the
difference I could be bought one of
these could we still get an epic rare in
it or what
please help about 20 bucks at the place
it was like 40 bucks and above it
doesn't look like there's any guaranteed
autos or yeah there's not really any
guarantees but it says you can still get
random stuff I don't know it's the Home
Depot we have never been to this place
to try and build a fork so it's gonna be
in a vision you kind of look like an
employee from the back today we're
checking out these pre-built forts
Wow holy cow this is the shed of Gondor
really desperate they can Bible and make
it a home like insulated yeah there's
only $12,000 I need to build one of
these
this should be we should buy this for
one of our backyards yep and it would be
the Jace do studio's headquarters Wow
yay this will be office space merch
company yep someday is going to happen
don't worry
hopefully just come in the backyard all
the off of the computers sick gaming
station no that's actually a pretty good
deal for how big this thing is
homes are probably the same size but
they're like 70 50 thousand yeah we
could install a toilet under there I
love this fort Sports News YouTube
videos playing a make afraid and couch
this is that the office headquarters
this is just the start guys we're
planning for the future while making
forts all right let's go inside trying
to figure out where to start in here so
I think we're gonna go to the garden
area and check out the bricks and that
sort of stuff this is gonna be way too
hard I am not moving all these you get
to move all these and make a good wall
oil bag oh they're my soil is kind of a
bust as well
nice suit what else is inside no let's
go look okay
we can make a plant fort Oh who wants to
pay five thousand for a fridge that can
come on guys who are you're so bored of
picking out what milk you want you can
watch TV it's just the dumbest thing I
ever seen I saw the commercial too it's
like they're like you can even install
your app so you can see what's inside
your fridge so you know what to get
right after store
what wow man I used to just make lists
and write it down but wow that's way
better if you're insane lazy and can't
open up the door instead of toilet paper
for it we can just make a toilet fort
he's probably gonna be heavy though yeah
yeah sir
nothing oh we're not having much luck
here at Home Depot
ah come on go get a good job in being an
anti fort story yeah nothing left there
is to do is make concrete forts not
pimples 100 pound bag no wow
there's no forts here oh well that's
huge
hey everyone this is an awesome
this is so big over mine we're building
a toilet report yes where's the entrance
going to be you think gonna be right you
hurry get in without anyone seen okay we
gotta go get decorations
and this one only took 10 seconds to me
guys you have to leave a like for this
viral fort man
it was so good for part 2 part 2 we may
be able to bring the drone in here and
get some drone shots of that forward
we're checking out the other force this
was a little bit smaller and and that
really is good it has a loft but you
can't get up there without a ladder you
install hardwood we can have like a
little chandelier I don't know why they
put this like nice door on this one you
know
machetes I don't know we're going to
continue the vlog at some really cool
big forts Wow actually doing that pray
to homes with Mary and her mom so we're
checking out some homes this is the
first house this is a we're buying it I
love this fort the shower has triple
faucets oh that fort was pretty cool
rich I got this new fort yeah
these are all really big forts Mary
mostess yes
now this is a clock this is an epic
grill holy my heat now this is a water I
have a dog washing station just for
Buford this is called the bro fortress
down here alright
a plus fort even the Porta Potty
out-years an A+ for I don't want to know
how much knife I made it to the fort's
of forts we found the secret fort this
is someone's bedroom whoa
I was like blueprints yeah awesome but
if you go through the wall here guys
it's a cool space room this is really
high bad people
yeah lucky hey guys so Brittany and I
are now at the tiny home Jamboree hair
color Springs do it last year if you
guys remember but they're doing it again
this year and it's a whole lot bigger
it's at the Air Force Academy and Wow
there's like I think 50 different tiny
home designers and it's just so fun to
come here and just check this out check
the homes they're so unique
this is cool here's a bathroom little
bed yes she's a more modern line and
Anki then you come up here come upstairs
to another loft of the fun sorts oh we
moved over to a different area and found
this really cool looking one it's just
like crazy how this box the home Wow
this from the outside it looks like
insanely small but you get in here and
it's like actually really roomy do it
look at this
get up a party in here oh they walk
right over here and they got adobo style
whoa I don't know what style this is but
it's cool Adobe and then you come over
here to find the mini one this is so
cool so like I'm a little kid in a fort
right now literally get to climb up here
so the washer and dryer - yeah alright
I got you up here cuz this was a cool
area
this is nice
this such a clueless fork this is your
background
I love it
we are all done it was just a quick
little stop by it's always just fun to
just check them out real quick but now
me and Brittany her desperate for what I
can't think coffee
we love coffee so much I have to get
some daily coffee in the systems and
it's it's hot out like almost 90 degrees
so nice like iced coffee yes we don't
get like all the crap cake crap online
you're just going yeah the good stuff
good mission coffee roasters here we are
I sanded the video thanks for watching
give it a thumbs up because we're gonna
be doing that 24 hour Walmart for this
week go do something fun today and we'll
see you guys the next vlog all right
peace
