Judis tripping out he says got you
threatened him and pull them that you're
kicking because oh my god before we get
into the log we to show you a voicemail
we just got just let's no explanation
just listened
post-op that's calling for justice we
have been holding a lot of mail here
we've got like personal lockers full
parcels sometimes we just get busy and
forget to check the mailbox but yes you
guys have sent a lot of mails so we
gotta go pick that out before they
delete it all hurry let's go all right
right here he's getting the boxes box
number one 24 bucks
that's incredible what's in here it's
pretty heavy as well box number two Oh
box number three number four oh this is
the big boy no more trouble here at the
post office we're all good to go
who's ready for today's video me what's
happening guys
we've done some trick shots before oh
we've never done them in a store so
we're gonna do some epic trick shots
while shopping let's get started so here
we got a few different Wow
styles so we got a little poof football
a soccer ball
a squishy and it Olaf and then also
we've got the nerf hoop so we can set
that up somewhere all over the store
and do some epic shots so we just got a
buy yeah
setting it up and it's finished yeah Oh
er D it already fell off check this out
guys who found the basketballs perfect
also we got kicked out of the baby
section you can't play basketball the
babies yeah there's too many infants
apparently but anyway it's a big store
we didn't get kicked out though so let's
do some trick shots okay no ball he's in
the middle yeah I can't reach it
guys oh I wasn't paying attention
no one up there he just threw them all
on the roof of this shelf yeah okay
sorry
really swish now it's time to step it up
we're gonna bounce the ball off of the
doghouse and land it in the cart
like put the car
on the other side
oh it's so close
was that a make the refs obviously have
to go to the replay on this when they
checked every angle the rule in the NBA
is it must be clear and conclusive
evidence to overturn it they determined
that Miller shot is disallowed soccer
mode oh it's hard
but spit timeout for what screwing
around in the store one and two throwing
the ball I don't want to go in timeout
me and see this is doing trick shots in
the stores a lot harder than anticipated
we're not trying to cause any trouble
we're just trick shots hard that's what
we're choosing ales were no one's in
anyways where were we hi I'm Olaf
what the multicolored hair what yeah I'm
gonna tell you right I just want to make
sure I don't want to get all the police
involved
oh yeah Judas tripping out
he said got you threatened him and told
him that yeah I mean he described you to
the teeth well yeah he did by the Miss
do I vitamin Ike's
time now and what I can I come out for
what anything you're throwing the ball
and they kept walking okay we would
never threaten it okay well if you guys
heard we're putting the balls back now
we'll talk more in the car but I don't
know what just happened
we're in the car now definitely left
that situation Bravo to the employees of
this store appreciate it guys yeah but
he was he I think he's the one
threatening us we didn't threaten him
anything you guys heard what we said we
filmed the whole thing so he must have
been in a different aisle he's like
timeout
alright come out for one well first of
all you guys are Dorking around the
store throwing balls and that's all he
said and we didn't even say anything
back to him he just walked away and I
didn't know what to say I was just quiet
yeah me too and then you said you didn't
want to be in timeout and that's all I
said
and then the lady comes and says he's he
said that we said that were threatening
to kick his butt like what does zero to
real quick let's just say today is not
that guy's day so hopefully tomorrow is
better for him but yeah but wow that was
a inexperience but don't worry we have a
few more shots for you guys like this
one man yeah what is this called this is
a chap most challenging shot the moving
Andrew it's hard to play this game with
Daisy because she wants to attack the
ball boom elbow yeah well guys hope you
enjoyed the trickshot video it was a
blast it sure was
so we've liked and also guys remember we
want you to laugh daily but so we hope
you guys did laugh in this video yeah
but do you want to know why what because
from joy comes laughter but Justin where
does where does our source of joy come
from comes straight from God himself
he's the one who actually fills us up
with all the joy that we have that
you're seeing in our videos so get it
from him and I'll see you back here
tomorrow goodbye peace out
