hey guys welcome back to vlogs hope
you're having a great day it's about to
get better
yes because today we're actually taking
apart the engine in the RV for the first
time seeing what's up cuz it's stalled
many times when we drove a home and now
don't know what the problem is but we
have a friend here Sean's here what up
hello you are the master of engines
aren't you I am no master but I know
some things so Sean immediately was like
let's take a look at the air filter and
just start there so let me take off the
cap off this took off this guy off of
here and I'm like oh there's no air
filter in there at all it should be one
so problem number one go get an air
filter so that that's the thing we got
we got in somewhere yeah Sean also made
a list like a checklist of stuff that we
can check on yes I made a small
checklist so like could be like bad gas
vacuum leak I already checked the air
filter I don't know where the fuel
filter isn't yet on this thing and then
I'm thinking maybe there's something up
with the carburetor which is this guy
right here the distributor cap and rotor
is this thing right here and I already
checked under that actually looks like
it's pretty new okay oh is the
carburetor an easy fix the carburetor
there carbureted engines are are pretty
problematic new cars are fuel-injected
so basically the difference between that
is like a fuel-injected car is like it
puts in just as much fuel as it needs
you're just talking about names for the
RV I know guys left a bunch of names so
we're still figuring that out but my
favorite so far is tune-up Toby I'm
gonna have to look through the list I
haven't checked what you guys have
commented yet but I'm sure there's a
bunch of funny ones we will choose one
like a paint job it is pretty nice
there's are no like proper notes you
gotta hold it got you okay where are you
dipstick zip stick and washer fluid
empty looks like yeah well this is what
it goes into the valve cover so it's say
oil it looks like an oil fill tube to me
but it's obviously supposed to be
mounted somewhere but it's not
got a huge deal right there it just
broke off yeah our first repair if you
have a nut to put on that and it'll stay
honestly this does not look like stock
like somebody just it looks like
somebody just put a bunch of like rubber
and like look at this that is so
jerry-rigged that's okay guys we may
have a solution partial solution maybe
I'm not sure but it's definitely an
issue yeah so this is the the negative
side of the battery and this is for your
ground and this is not supposed to be
like open like that it's supposed to be
covered you know with a with yeah with
all those exposed wires yeah and it I
don't know if you can see it but it goes
all the way down bolts to the engine
down there and the same kind of things
going on down there
zooming in I can see with my own eyes
yeah I can see in the video movie wires
right there oh there it is see it all
exposed wires closed wires so it is best
if you guys replace that that would
probably help with your stalling issue
even this battery isn't I just realize
it's supposed to be over here in the
corner oh I think it's like corroding
away the battery tray is complete like
rusting away also checking the fuses
yeah at first I thought this is a
problem because there's no fuse but
there's nothing plugged into it so it's
fine good can you tell us the fuse is
bad if it's like physically broken like
if you see the you see the metal going
across in here if that's physically
broken then it's bad so all of these are
good yes this is a weird-looking fuse
though guys we're also noticing that the
tires here are very rotted and about to
explode so we got cracks all the way
around I first noticed these guys here I
was like oh you guys got a Grand Canyon
over here it goes forever so I have to
fix this ASAP look what we got here guys
brush water if you're thirsty a stale
half water fresh water yeah right so
we're gonna see if we turn on the faucet
if water comes if you went out this is
crazy there's actually a bathtub in here
I know right dick ulis so let's see
okay go for it something happened I said
the water pen turned on Tom McGarry wait
to turn on the UH on but oh it sounds
like a water pump just sounds like it's
down there let's see it's like the exact
same sound something's what is it
see anything
this is your poop hose that they keep
right next to the fresh water I'm not
using that this vehicle RV thing was
very low on gas and that might be a
problem as well because of old gas
correct yes because if old gas and this
is Newark ass okay and it's five gallons
and if it was really low then it's gonna
dilute it enough probably to make it run
good you get a lot of solutions let's
hope one of these works I don't want it
to like come out before it gets in the
hole there we go gas tank in the back of
the car yeah actually they used to they
used to put them under license plates
have you ever seen a car like oh that's
right we used to put it under the rear
license plate well here that's about all
there is to this I'm just gonna have to
stand here for a minute okay it's time
to start it up got some fresh gas and
then we're gonna take a look at the
engine now again let's hope we can get a
start actually we could probably drive
it around the neighborhood and see if it
runs any better yeah cool
give it a nice read for Sean check this
check this out
right alright we're driving it
hasn't sold out yet I'm so surprised
when it was with me I stalled out every
stop and turn but the first stall out
for Shaun darn I had high hopes
yeah well the thoughts that was I was
kind of I was baby in it for a while and
like I was going like really careful on
the brake and the gas and then I gave it
too much gas and installed out oh so I'm
thinking I'm thinking probably it's the
carburetor because I had a problem like
that on ahead all right so after our
test drive and looking around we have a
list of a few things that we're gonna
grab from the auto parts store so we're
gonna head over there right now and
hopefully they have them got the battery
out here's what it looks like incredible
the battery tray is in 100% solid shape
ready to go to a car show first please
all right lads whoo yah auto pots we
have what are we getting we are getting
a fuel filter probably an air filter
because we need that for sure yeah we
need
the negative cable for the battery right
and then we need to test the battery to
taste yeah
yes okay so here's the air filters but
also we actually don't know what size we
need
oops let's do a google hurry Google
hoping just fix the battery guys so
you'd like it was cranky no kick for me
today but like glance at all that
wouldn't turn over mm-hmm that was
battery for the engine for the engine
off yes that's nice bad battery bad
battery bad battery pretty clear
diagnostic all right guys we had to pick
out a new battery
this one's 126 so me and time for a
quick lunch break we don't this
hard-working man we need some food fella
sh-shan so excited read this favorite
restaurant of all time he's never had to
walk there had dared walk
leave a comment I'm curious when you go
out to eat Mexican you have to get
walking bowling yes No do you like case'
dad tell us your perfect burrito back in
the RV this is our official first meal
in the RV named Chipotle who's your best
starter what are you talking about such
a polite we could be alright right yes
we on the oven right here and also we
made some guac Shawn try it for the
first time Chipotle's walk this is gonna
be incredible
alright let's see what do you give it
out of 10 it's pretty good not like
everything in the world don't know like
a six or seven that's just okay just cuz
I don't really Andrew what do you give
it right there guacamole could be like
maybe a little bit spicier mm-hmm was
not spicy yeah all right what's the
verdict with this all right well let's
see air cleaner Oh air filter air
cleaner it's too small you say it like
seat in this that goes right on top of
the bumper turn that as well we're gonna
cut the wire and bring it in because the
guy at the shop said he could well right
now I'm actually not cutting the wire
I'm just cutting the the wraps so I can
separate this wire because I don't want
to cut this one this one's good
now we bring that crappy one into the
store yes after much work we got the
this is the ground wire mmm is that
correct that is correct
I used to turn them guys cuz look at
this exposed wires out the wazoo
okay so justin is actually working on
something on the inside take a look what
he's doing
so what are you doing so currently I am
working on the fuel congest er there's a
lot of like air that's
getting circulated throughout the
furnace inside the carburetor so because
of that we need to make sure that all
the bolts are functioning properly and
tightened so that the extra coolant
doesn't seep out the sides amazing what
every word of what you just said was
wrong we'll let you get back to work
thank you what are you doing now you see
how the rubber here is constructing off
the pipe we need to redesign the rubber
so that it actually fits around this
part directly not wrong about that that
didn't be correct there from you why
it's our first mod found this stick in
the garage and man it's holding the hood
up perfectly heavy yeah and before we
had to just hold it which that's no good
we need a stick dipstick 2.0 no that's
dumb Johnny guys help we're getting a
ton of custom mods mod ideas in but
andrew is actually working on something
think he found maybe a problem under
here what'd you find
oh yeah actually found a hole and Jean
come look at this Oh what's up ok so I
actually found a there was like a leak
in this oil fuel pump here so I'm
cutting a new line in it and then I'm
testing to see if it how the arrow
responds if it see actually nothing
happened that time so I think I actually
may have solved it so so cutting the
pipe is how you fix it yeah I'm cutting
the pipe that I'm testing to see like
where the oxygen goes from the matches
this is how they do it in the shops yeah
they like the fuel on fire and see where
it goes we could actually blow ourselves
up doing that yes I was like gas under
here guys you know why why cuz some
spilled out ok hey guys don't roast me
in the comments because I don't know how
to change a fuel filter
I'm just doing what I think is the right
thing to do what do you think yeah I'm
like a good idea I probably should have
looked through a video first but it
seems simple enough yeah Oh certified
nursing I'm a certified YouTube mechanic
okay there we go we did it now back up
we go hi guys Sean installed the new
fuel filter without knowing really what
to do right so I'm not knowing what to
do well let's just give him a round of
applause right now I'm actually not
covered in gas so connected to this
which pulls on this which pulls on this
which pulls on this which pulls on this
which goes on this okay this is awkward
the next mod we got to do is I take off
the carburetor it's not really a mod I'm
just trying to see what size this is I'm
at a loss of where this even connects
they were back at the auto parts store
gotta get a new one of these cords and
then are bringing this big-eared thing
so they can get the right size
we got it we got it we got all the parts
we need I think so
that's just like putting it all together
and then interior design we got the
boring soda out of the way yeah we got
to make sure this stuff works before we
spend any time any energy on the inside
yeah guys it's gonna be so fun though
when we get it up running and all design
on the inside our adventure it's gonna
make it so fun and worth it just wait
and see but that's all for today I'll
see you back here tomorrow
