hey guys welcome back to the vlog your
favorite YouTube channel well we have a
special video today because we haven't
done fan mail in the literal longest
time and we're so sorry about that
we've been kind of reading letters at
the end of vlogs so that helps but but
we literally have so many letters it's
unreal to begin with so this is one pile
of this and then we also would yeah I
don't know if we'll be able to do all
these in this episode but it's okay
we're going to get through a lot and
then we have packages over here so as
always we'll start reading the letters
and then in the end of near the end of
the video we'll start opening some
packages Andrew started off first letter
of the video hey Justin Andrew I am a
fan and this is my first youtuber mail
and I have a challenge for you ride your
hoverboard on your knees okay y'all are
my first favorite channel and then
there's also Roman Atwood channel that I
keep going back and forth with but well
I'm glad we are in that conversation so
have a good day when you get this and
you also included a dollar so thanks so
much van by the way we're still going to
continue the ball to Andy foundation so
all donations will be going towards a
good cause
for anybody who don't join so if you
want to join the bold Andy foundation
that's fine wow what the it's really
hurt okay can you read with funny voice
fine gear more jcu I wish I lived in
America because you have lots of nerf
guns the way I got hold of your vids I
searched sky Zone Indoor Trampoline Park
and after that then I saw testing
awesome nerf guns by the way I have 11
nerf guns and I live in South Africa
what my name is Jack and
I am nine you should try the Last of Us
on ps4 it's it's ambi game oh my
goodness Jack we have played that before
huh and then he said his favorite nerf
gun is the Vulcan and he wrote this when
his dog was sitting under his chair
my dog is sitting on my lap more Jace
studios but night with Johannesburg
coins dear Justin Andrew Bernie and Mary
hi my name is Grace and I live in Idaho
you guys should come to Idaho huh
I've been watching your videos for a
year now the videos are like the
trampoline park I'm a Christian too my
favorite verse is John 3:16 I don't like
the Broncos well I love ledge Hawks but
you kidding me get at I say hi a with my
friend at school and people get confused
from grace why'd she write it in Broncos
colors if she doesn't like them she's
just trying to be nice oh but thanks for
the letter grace hey
oh dear JC Studios my name is Sarah and
I'm 7 I love your videos and your pranks
actually did one of your pranks in the
McDonald's drive-through today I asked
them for a sue siege it's really funny I
plan with my mom's help to tweet you in
a few days please do more positive
reports to hide - Brittany thanks for
all the cool videos love Sarah and it's
a Hawaii cloud
all right we're doing a the first time
opening fan mail on the mountain I don't
want to lose any of this says JC Studios
with pictures of us and the wives nice
Jay Stu dear Justin Andrew I've been
watching your videos for a long time now
you guys really inspired me to get out
and do things in life I love how you
live life to the fullest I've actually
tried someday and synergy drinks because
of you and I love them yes I'm also
trying to grow some fresh fruits and
vegetables to eat no way Wow cool you
guys are amazing and absolutely love
your videos I have a bald Andy shirt and
I'm completely pleased with it
you guys make my day never stop doing
what you're doing follow your goals and
dreams
pompous field in the future of
television ah yes hope I can meet you
and she drew this alter the gaming
channel was good guys oh that's awesome
and there's Buford and Daisy yeah
nerf rivals that's awful we love this
thank you so much dear Justin angel
Bernie and Mary hi my name is Grace and
I live in Idaho you guys should come to
Idaho yeah I've been watching her videos
for a year now the videos are like the
trampoline park I'm a Christian too my
favorite verse is John 3:16 I don't like
the Broncos well I love the Hedgehog's
but you kidding me get at I say hi a
with my friend at school and people get
confused from grace why'd she write it
in Broncos colors if she doesn't like
them she's just trying to be nice oh but
thanks for the letter grace package
feels like a shirt
hi Justin Andrew I'm 15 years old and I
live in California my name is Preston
and I am a DJ producer
included in my package is my birch check
out my soundcloud those dragon
that is DJ Davey yeah oh man oh my
goodness Wow
well thanks for sending us to your
shirt's we'll check out your music and
yeah
- Justin a Jew dear Justin Andrew hi my
name is Miley I liked the videos when
you guys do the toilet before I'm so
glad you guys did the triple air now
that was cool thanks Miley they're
comfortable let me see this it says
Jesus on it this golf ball says Reese's
peanut butter cups fruit snacks uh-huh
art get the Pierces you can read this
okay let's read it guys
dear Justin Andrew my name is Carson I'm
from Mississippi I'm in the seventh
grade and my favorite sport is golf you
guys are the best pranksters on YouTube
and have inspired me to start pranking
myself I even went and bought a squeaky
toy and put it on my shoe and walked
through Walmart
awesome if you guys read this on camera
it would be awesome
could you shout out my friends too sure
their names are Charles Christian and
ade shout out bros I have a saying that
I always say LIVESTRONG boy a stronger
from a huge fan Carson thank you so much
for sending this stuff and we'll sign
this and send it back to you bro
next up wow this is a quality print guys
whoa that's so nice it's like literally
full quality dear Justin injury my name
is Ruben I'm 13 and I am your number one
fan I watched both Jayce - and more
juice - I've been watching the channels
for a little over a year now
I love the toilet paper forts and eating
loud in the library
they were both hilarious I was wondering
if you could sign the j-su picture I
enclose and send it back and the return
envelope sure from Ruben thanks Ruben
another letter from Jack from South
Africa hello it's Jack again when I
found out that Andrew went bald I
started crying so please still take the
money Justin - Andrew you're my heroes
and that's it folks
don't worry jack we have the money right
here thanks for sending us these boys
dear Justin and Andrew I love watching
your videos I am Lloyd I think that's
how you say it
Lloyd II I've what by the way while I
was writing this letter I was watching
one of your videos
Zeus rival take aim you having some
trouble there these are the stats
Arlis I don't really know one says grape
and one says cherry thanks to the letter
I think it's weedy please read on camera
fine dear Justine and Andrew hi in
Hawaii my name is John and I've been
watching your videos for about a year I
say email before but I don't think you
read it all on camera but that's okay
could you please sign the paper and
papers included well heck yeah
I love your videos and you're my
favorite
you tubers your pranks are so funny
from Chiana who's ten years old and she
included a picture of this this she
wants I Isaacs all right to sign that
Broncos Wow more GCU oh and then there's
a sheet for all of us to sign so thank
you Gianna for the letter it's some
shock gum here want a piece of gum okay
it doesn't work dear Justin in andro I
am a big fan love of your videos lead in
video please and then below he put his
phone number with an arrow pointing down
so I don't think you really want us to
read out my camera but I'm Aiden thanks
baby
alright this letters blue was pretty
cool I opened it and it says one more
with a penny
ah another one it's a collar on a flag
though Wow dear Justin Andrew my name is
Luke and I love your videos I'm 13 years
old and I just got eye surgery your vids
are keeping me good in the hospital oh
wow well I hope you have a speedy
recovery in thanks for sending us these
letters dear j stu studios I'm a very
big fan I've watched your video since
the draft through helium prank every
time I'm in school me and my friend trip
and say hi a PS I have to go poop really
bad ROM Jake Jake also had some Broncos
trading cards
what so that's who are they got Peyton
Manning Emmanuel Sanders John Elway
Emmanuel Sanders and CJ Anderson and
this JC Studios ho a bye Jake thanks so
much for the letter man please read
Oh dad have you seen dad oh never mind
me
Justin Andrew you guys are the best
people on YouTube and you deserve three
colored dollars what the what literally
colored those real I don't know yeah
they're definitely real
Wow you have earned 98.7 color baby
tokens do you know how to solve a
Rubik's Cube no I do
say hi to keV Erin and Jacob for me I
love the pranks with Jacob in him and I
love watching your videos after a long
day at school keep up the great work
from James and he drew this our local
custom logo then he design
wow-wow logo those are good logos ah
these are so awesome
look at their color he said he made him
out of Gatorade but it's like I want to
spend them but I don't want to just keep
oh yeah hey Justin hey Andrew I love
your videos I've been watching your
videos for a year and a half my favorite
ones caging - horse I've sent fan mail
before - and by the way if you could go
up to Andrew and say what are you doing
dad what are you doing dad thank you bye
sincerely Sawyer PS check the back why
is it yes it's a scratch card no way
pranked one yet what he said pranked why
it said scratch on camera I thought it
was gonna be a scratch card but he
already scratched it I got ya dang it
dad thanks for the letter hey Jess you
I'm writing this in the car so it's kind
of messy yet I watch your videos all the
time you guys are so funny I love your
toilet paper for videos and your loud
eating library my sister my brother and
I were just cracking up at your videos
the other date you guys do a great job
keep it up that would be amazing if you
would read this in one of your vlogs my
family might be moving to Colorado good
if you could pray for that that would be
awesome I'll be praying for you guys
keep chasing after Jesus thanks Micah
bye and he also drew
is a really good drying more juice - oh
yeah so thank you so much the letter
Myka there's a dollar in it - hi Jesse I
like your videos
I like the toilet paper for that you
built you're so funny I have questions -
what food do you like I like Mexican
food
what's color what and that's it guys oh
yeah who is this from I have no idea
somebody from Oklahoma yay I got a
letter as well hi angel I love your
videos I'm doing the bean boozled
challenge tomorrow I know that it's
gross but it looks fun I'm going to do a
team match Hawaii
thanks this is a thicker package the
crag was chocolate covered silkworm
pupae huh ah hello again Jace - I hope
you all had a nice Thanksgiving
Christmas and New Year's
he wrote this back in December by the
way oops that's how behind we are guys
as a gift I got you a little something
this I would assume they're GMO free the
hi hope so you guys are great and I
respect everything you are and what you
stand for Christian's health and
exercise helpfulness joy with others I
have watched every vlog you have
uploaded since August and all your prank
videos I take time to at least watch the
most current vlog the day you upload it
really yeah thank you and if I have no
time I go back to the vlogs before I
start watching daily so if I think about
it you make up approximately one out of
72 percent of my current everyday life
oh wow
also expect some more surprises coming
in the future
oh crap we got so the money we will be
putting this in the ball bag and I guess
I'll try some of this crap
why did I do that well cheers everyone
dear more juice dude you guys make me
laugh
oh you drew this oh that's pretty good I
mean this is the real one and that's the
drawings how you did good job Ethan says
I can do all things through Christ who
strengthens me you got that right and a
one dollar bill thanks for the letter
Ethan bulb bag dear Jase new crew hi I'm
Sierra I'm 12 years old and I live in
Elizabeth Colorado I love watching your
videos they're so funny I love
skateboarding snowboarding snowboards
especially never summer so do we
nerf guns trampoline parks volleyball
and tumbling you guys are the best
we also love a lot of those things we've
never done tumbling though from Sierra
and she drew this on the back all of us
skyzone nerf guns snowboarding
skateboarding you know the whole thing
that's pretty cool you're a good job and
thank you for your support from Gabriel
I'm 9 turning 10 August 1st 2017
right now it's 2016 please open a video
I love you guys your vids and your vids
one day I was so sad because I found out
that I had a rare hip disease and will
have it forever and I watched your
videos and made me smile I'm sorry you
had to find that out but I'm glad our
videos made you smile you guys are
awesome there's 50 Cent's yay
also bit over this first is Jesus shoes
and I love the pop rocks in the library
prank well thanks so much for sending a
letter hey Jase do more make Andy bold
again I like to play Minecraft by the
way my name is oh I forgot my name
I will ask mom it is Ryan boy a least
read on video
No do another Costco for it what is your
fav thing to do play outside I guess I
like Star Wars Xbox is better than
PlayStation but no it's not fact I like
to fish oh my name is Ryan the end you
know thanks for this send a picture of
our logo old logo and keep coming Hawaii
swag please read it boy my age a sushi
guess my name is Isaac I'm from Illinois
I've been watching for about half a year
I have a vlog idea go to Walmart and
make a toilet paper fort if we did that
you probably want like a six-letter for
then get blankets and a pillow and sleep
there you might not want to do it and
that's fine they should a letter Isaac
oh this he included Wow
you when a chocolate exploded in a
letter I'm not eating that by the way
you have to anyways on to the wetter it
says hi guys it's Mesa hiya
sorry I haven't said a fan mail letter
in a long time you know it's okay I've
been busy oh and some of my old family
letters had some pictures that I wanted
you guys to autograph but you never did
so please autograph this picture and
send them back and I'll give you an
envelope with my address in the stand so
all you have to do is send it to me
that's all I wanted to say Merry
Christmas and Happy food we will send it
back to you this time with a more Jace
do sign dad Justin I am a huge fan of
the channel and I was so amazing you
built a toilet before and I'm also a
growing youtuber like you anyway I hope
you make more toilet paper for videos
thanks a lot of Joey oh clap what did
you do it's an open bag of jellybeans
okay hi guys my name is locust I'm 13
and I live in Arizona
my favorite video is helium in the
drive-thru price and toilet paper forts
I love how you guys are Christians and
make funny pranks also my neighbor in
Colorado was number number 59 Trevathan
on the Broncos what what Wow oh they're
open though oh yeah Justin hey I just
want to say thank you for all you do you
always put a smile on my face I watched
your vlogs every day and I love prank
videos I know that the whole Andrews
getting a tattoo thing brought a lot of
hate comments but I just want to let you
know I support you guys would never get
angry at one of your choices my name is
Alicia I'm 13 11 at Oh
you guys are so funny all the time I
have such positive attitudes I don't
know what I do without your channels
even though I'm a night of overpass Glee
sort of neighbors
yours truly Alicia peace out how she
sounds
yeah hi my name is Andrew I'm 14 and
love you guys in your channels I have
been watching for two years and I don't
plan to stop thanks for being active
with fans
I made this mean so put it on your
fridge what's your favorite kind of
chicken what where did you get that
picture bottle or you forget a ticket to
another friend's you and Marisa so well
Andrew thanks for the letter Justin and
Andy your bids are very well done
and make me laugh a lot I started
watching for the pranks but I liked the
vlogs too because I learned about
different places at foods to try I even
started working at yay I apologize for
writing this from the bathroom but I
have Buffalo Wild Wings last night from
Nick PS you know what fiber does to my
system thanks Nick what well guys as you
can see it's a different day we haven't
filmed this since I don't know when is
that it's a different month
it's another month but we still have fan
mail we wanted to just end this episode
with big packages we got that one this
package I got these as well so Wow looks
like there's a book in here but always
have to read the letters first this he
made like a comic off to Walmart let's
make a toilet paper for we are here okay
yes whoops I dropped my wallet ah ninja
run to the toilet paper for this is says
for view first okay
97 ways to make a dog smile here you go
bud that's for you to read okay and here
is another book it says his dad wrote
this seeking after God's heart and
there's a two dollar bill oh this will
though in the bald Andy bag and want to
check this book out that was cool
doesn't say who sent this but thank you
so much there's dum-dums in here 3/3
compatible filters Andrew Justin Wow yes
cartoon us dear Andrew and Justin I
watched your videos every day my
favorite videos are the bean boozled
video I really like the Broncos JC with
a Bronco symbol there's a dollar in here
for bold Andy foundation thank you so
much a shoe this is j stu that's for you
i can wear that put a broncos look on
the back why Justin and Britney oh yes
so cool it I think is head Brittany on
the envelope so thank you so much this
one says special package on it oh wow
please read on camera
dear more Jace - it's me Andrew I don't
know if you got my last message but I
just want to say hi and that I love you
toilet paper fort videos they are funny
including the one that failed oh and he
drew a saying more just to blogs wow
guys thanks for this dear Jason studios
this is safe you guys are the best
pranksters I've ever seen you do all
sorts of pranks
your JC shooters Channel yeah fan mail
and someone's other cell phone more Jays
Tube channel and videos about you guys
playing video games and reduce water
gaming channel how does he know all this
he just he's a good fan that's why thank
you again from Seth this is the picture
I drew that yeah this is I think this is
pencil and then this is a cool colored
pencil that's dope
yeah that's really good Wow I get so
excited receiving big boxes it says
fragile handle with care and this is
heavy
I don't know how heavy this is but I'm
excited to see what could possibly be in
this what is this maybe a Playstation
this is a ps3 what huh there's nothing
else in here who's that from I don't
know
Ulysses why did you send us this up a
piece does it work well it doesn't look
like it but why test Andrew is
configuring this out he actually has a
ps3 right there yeah this is basically
for networks only but who spent 13 bucks
to send this we're seeing if it works
though here comes the moment of truth
wait huh
nothing's happening well great thank you
you'll see is for sending us a broken
PlayStation now this look at does this
this may be the biggest package that
we've got I think it is absolutely the
biggest package so that's cool
what's this let's dump it out
whoa it's at a nerf gun I don't know
hey hey my name is Zach I love watching
your videos I'll show you guys how cool
you are by giving you some gifts please
sign me sent back so first up we have
that that I guess I can wear you have to
he sent it
okay I'm handsome now this is an angry
bird this is some sort of a bowl with
money this is a bowl this is a crayon
play pack Jesse this is a flying
helicopter this is a nurse rival when
shed is it real real worth specious
about this is it a real nerf rival what
oh we got another news rival this is
sick I can't believe you did that
Zach yay dude and we have to try this
out okay Oh remember we said we wanted
you hid under frybo let's shoot out of
here a helicopter out of the year yeah
but this would look so cool looking with
the remote this is he's ready for
takeoff me
oh boy
that was a great takeoff guys it's
outside okay guys
you broke it already no wait don't
why isn't it going up what can you lift
off please he won't look what you've
done
hi I didn't do anything guys that is it
for today's fan mail vlog obviously we
have a ton more fan mail that we need to
open but we're going to save that for
another vlog so if you are excited for
part 2 make sure to hit the thumbs up
button I'm wearing Britney's glasses
right now because they're really cool to
close it off we have comment of the day
make a cardboard fort like if you agree
so just an angel see well we saw it and
guess what guys tomorrow we're uploading
a Ford video so get excited for that and
hope you like the fan mail video thanks
for all the letters and your support it
means so much to us and we'll see you
guys back here tomorrow enjoy their
state goodbye
