welcome back to vlogs hope you guys are
doing well
hey how you doing tonight I'm doing
fantastic how about how are you guys
doing
very very good you guys doing good too
but we're here at Garden of the Gods
it's a Tanner's last day so we're just
showing our entertainers oh what's that
go we're just exploring around it's
actually very hot today
Tanner wore all black for some reason
not the best idea
well he wanted to get a good sweat in oh
well then that makes sense
yeah we've been here before in vlogs but
we're just back because it's like a
landmark here in Colorado these big
rocks hey guys welcome to the rocks
alright thanks for that update Andrew on
your tour guide here by the way what
tell us about this rock then these rocks
are dangerous if you run into them so
thank you now let's move on to the next
area okay
I'm learning so much on this trip you
should paid me climb it a little bit a
lot of these rocks you're not allowed to
climb on but this one you can so yay say
off this rock is a Wi-Fi hotspot yes
Tanner said he's very good at stuff so
don't worry I have the worst shoes to
climb look at your boy
how did he get up there I super talented
at Craigh climbing jeez
now you can vote there Andrew you think
uh-huh I'm not sure I'm really not as
good as him okay but I'll try my hardest
just make sure you take your shoes off
look how far we have climbed oh my gosh
you guys are so trendy and Allison
no but if this rock collapsed but um
which part like the whole thing yeah
they came together and we're stuck in
here too the other guy that is really
scary what would happen I may have to
call the fire department call mom can
you go up there yep
dinner prank him it's the prey Russia
would be very bad there's ground on
there you'll be fine you think are my
shoes like the best climbing shoes you
ever seen I didn't tie him Ouisa
Tanner's at the airport going bye-bye
excuse me I was taking it but is mine
where are you flying to Indianapolis how
do you know what the state doesn't mean
either Indiana thank you but it's been a
fun couple days glad with caner we got a
lot done thanks for coming out here guys
make sure you watch all the vlogs be
filmed I thought so my channel yep and
he'll have a the next two days vlogs
coming out stay tuned definitely wait
I guess that's now so this'll be no yeah
guys go watch all the before yeah what
do you say Joe well guys now that Tanner
has left there's only one thing left to
do and what is that is it the salads
farm we're here to see some salads
you're here one other time but it was
closed so we were up you know right next
door so stop it hopefully they'll let us
in this time and give us a tour
every fine
well no tours unfortunately we're never
gonna be able to see the salads
she said it's impossible which is lame
we want to see what's going on in there
she said they make the salads or the
lettuce or whatever for the fast-food
restaurants all the produce like
vegetables so she is like Chipotle
McDonald's Taco Bell's a lot that's
interesting yeah it's interesting but
anyway and they refused to give us a
tour so they're hiding something
behind the scenes of making a snapchat
featuring this balloon man trying to
figure out what to say
if I'm elected president everybody will
get free sandwiches and a pair of socks
if your choice
vote for me hey guys we're back with
another song review oh yeah hey guys I
decided to do a song for you
I saw your vines it's amazing
your singing is great on by it's time to
do what I have to do to inspire people
on fire
your video on YouTube on do you that's
it for the guys
I haven't seen this person's YouTube
videos that he's referring to so I'm not
yeah I don't know I can't say but all in
all that was a pretty fire beat and the
lyrics were on point so thanks for the
watching this segment guys guys we are
back at Dale's card sports and gaming
cards if you've been sticking around
hanging out with us for the last few
days we recently went here and got some
cards and a lot of you guys actually
liked that vlog we picked up some darts
weirder than today but today's gonna be
especially special because we're
starting the official collection your
reflection yes new collections and they
have these are for rare cards but they
have sheets to put the cards in here see
and we need these these are twenty cents
each very good yield so many rare boxes
so what we might do today is you tell
well we're going to pick out all these
big boxes but we'll split the cost and
split how many decks are in it and then
we'll see who gets the most Raiders yeah
we both want Broncos obviously but we're
gonna we want the autographs and Jersey
cards for rare so we're trying to figure
out which one to get we won't work
ecards oh yeah because those will be
rare soon some of these $350 2014 not
sure why that one's so expensive but Wow
guys
we're trying to figure out which box to
get he showed us this sheet that shows
you what the cards look like and what
their which ones you could get Peyton
Manning autographed jerseys super rare
guys then just where have that box over
here John Elway Jersey which ones this
box in the middle here the panini is
certified rate total 16 might be look
for the ultra rare Peyton Manning
instance it like are you and the ads
like bothers that one pin you need to
ask contenders
so this is what we got guys
and we wanted to do this to make it epic
for you guys to watch we don't want to
do a basic box for autographs or
memorabilia cards including at least one
rookie patch autograph per box on
average on average it could be more
though but what we're really looking for
is the ultra rare Peyton Manning's yeah
which would be insane if one of us gets
it in here let's get back and open these
okay
back at the house we are too excited
we're going to open these now we got
these well probably okay so what we're
going to do is Andrews getting a dice
right now and since there's ten packs in
here we each mean in Andrew each get
five packs so we're going to roll the
dice who ever get rolls first gets to
pick the first pack and then he whoever
doesn't get to go next so it's most fair
that way not ripped my rears I don't
want to food what card do you want the
most I really want one of those Peyton
Manning cards but if not I hope I can
get a rookie card I enjoy because then
I'll save it forever I really want a
Paxton Lynch rookie yeah that'd be sick
any Broncos obviously would be cool but
I really want a Ezekiel Elliott rookie
card if it if I mean if it wants whole
season I never know what could happen
man oh man Oh Greg Wow so you know how
there's only a few I think there's five
ultra rare paintings I was like it'd be
awesome if we got the rare but then only
one of us were doing so if he died then
I won again I wouldn't get it I got a
human get it yeah but you can buy just
these individual packs at the store and
they're like eleven bucks a pack so it's
basically like us just picking five
packs and getting a little bit of a
discount so yeah man you just said
you're like that's why they're called
trading cards that is true one of us
gets to paint mane
none of us are going to
oh they're called trading cards for a
reason guys you wanna turn if people
don't like the same thing with you oh I
hate Peyton Manning yeah come on be a
good number for reasonable oh I get
first select oh man guys I want pack
number two going with this you missed
the one that has Peyton Manning it's
this one no it's this back one here see
that's why I tried to get this guy okay
that mate that ones I don't want that
ones that junkie cards in it so what
this one owner there's how many rares
doesn't be such a cool unboxing day I
hope you're excited first pack Oh a Dez
Bryant well I just saw that Buford
Buford wait a minute we got to get good
focus on this Eddie had bought here whoa
that's kind of a cool card Dez Bryant
very nice looking card who's this Rico
gathers I haven't heard heard of him but
he's all Ron's why does I never heard of
him
maybe he's a rookie card yep maybe he'll
be good someday a little nice Wow Oh hmm
Pete meaning what Wow lucky are you
paint meaning it's not the Jersey one
but it's God oh that's cool car though
in a Sam Bradford oh wait 98 out of 225
that's good these nah these are the base
cards I don't want to bend the cards
dude yeah whoa Aaron Rodgers yes
Emmanuel Emmanuel Sanders so we both
have a Broncos card we're even right now
oh you got a fake card whoa Ben
Roethlisberger certified is that a rare
no but it's a cool Ben Roethlisberger
whoa that's what
card Jarell Adams and Ty Hilton this
one's out of 99
Jarell Adams Abed read hullo so since we
both love the Broncos the best we're
keeping track of who gets the most
Bronco cards we're tied right now
although you're ahead cuz you got Peyton
I counts as two buckle cards yeah okay
new pack DeAndre Hopkins whoa ooh Oh
Demaryius Thomas what and this once at a
$4.99 yay hmm what was it
Jameis crowder wide receiver Jameson
Jersey
yay you have to get that in a good case
dude oh that's so cool Jimmy Graham not
bad Kenny Britt yeah oh that's so cool
now they say Los Angeles Rams whoa they
just moved this year oh that's a cool
crazy see Andrew and I have different
methods he likes getting back ways
I'm gonna go front ways Matt Forte the
New York Jets Derek Carr my bad
this oh my if you've got a Zico Elliot
oh I said I wanted that Ezekiel Elliott
rookie card if it if I mean if it wants
kill Elliot a work hard I enjoyed then
I'll save it forever kill le breath
forever
dude it's a jersey sign dude out of 75
you got to be crapping me okay let's put
the dumpling say whoa whoa as Houston
Oilers at a 499 I did not do you
remember him no I don't remember Oilers
Steve Smith junior and Nam believe you
got the Ezekiel Elliott I told you
literally said that pack earlier I said
look at that Jersey though I think
that's like a part of the number or
something yeah you I am gonna hit you so
hard
do-nothings if you'll Elliott get out of
here right we have my man querque towed
you he won me fantasy football
last year so 120 bucks cuz it came so
thank you what it is Oh fake cards but
Troy Aikman joy Aikman dude not bad
that's a cool card yeah I hate them
fakes know the skills card all Sean Jeff
what though
yeah dude he is a beast while Sean and
Isaiah this is a pretty good card 225
he matches my other bronze you got to
bronze this is at a 225
what's yours out of the red 199 yeah so
it's more rare Reds more rare than
bronze yeah Keenan Allen or you got a
Super Bowl champions card Kurt Warner
nice I like hurt
he's a cool man does this what what you
got to autograph yes Scooby right dude
he's good
nine out of ten are you kidding me are
you kidding me rare Calvin Johnson
Philip Rivers just stop oh my god the
third I am so pissed I see too cool for
his name I'm so pissed
let's hope you don't get another one of
these yeah you have to stop pissing me
off with all your good cards okay don't
won't rachad Jennings Gary Barnidge Wow
fake cards send a certified hey Russell
Wilson and Brett Favre immortals whoa is
that rare maybe another Larry I already
have one of him
this one's out of a thousand so not that
rare but rarer than the base yeah so
you've got two fakes in yours I'm gonna
hit you so far dude you have one left
don't worry oh this is a really thin one
so I'm expecting a rare why I don't know
it just feels thinner than all the other
ones let's start at the top here guys
Jay Cutler he betrayed the Broncos get
him out of here yeah get out of here Jay
what I said Gold team Tom Brady what but
he's gold is it's gold Tom Brady yeah
Julian elderman Edelman Oh
Edelman Noah Spence dude that's a rookie
card of Buccaneers you play for Ohio
State by the way oh really
not of a thousand and we got a Demaryius
here as well let's see how this compares
he idem arias is better than your
Demaryius what's the difference though
mine silver oh that is true do you guys
see the difference mines gold his is
silver did yours have a thing on the
back yeah had a 500 so his is already
more valuable yep thank you
all right Andrews on his final deck come
on Peyton Manning rares if you got a
paint man how would that be the most
insane Jamaal Charles well I have a gold
team who's this laQuan Treadwell he's a
rookie what
fake cards ah dude I got so many of
those drew brees yeah Sunday certified
Robert Nika Mitch another rookie card
that's pretty cool it's a rare and a Tom
Brady non rare that's cool
I know there's not a Peyton Manning in
here it was too thick it's not that
thick oh I feel like it'd be a thick as
like this but last pack Tyrod Taylor
Julian Edelman again what he picks what
is that jeremyhill Jersey dude stop 38
out of 50 you got a gold team Paxton
Lynch what yes Ricky dude that was mater
25 you got to be kidding me
I'm Vincent Jackson you said you were in
the Paxton I said I wanted Elliott but
you got both of them dude this box was
like way better than we anticipated
though dude there was one more box of
these at the store oh my gosh I was
telling Andrew we should do this with
Aaron or Nick I think Aaron might want
to give I don't know yeah we'll see
so then it makes the stakes even higher
and the fun even more I love more fun
but I'm just mad because this is my
basically my best card and I don't
really know who this man is
so hopefully but maybe he'll like being
seeing good this year let's all root for
him so we can take down his epic cards
that was a fun episode vlog today hope
you guys enjoyed that but quick comments
before in the vlog I just gotta say this
comment was really nice thank you for
leaving these comments we love seeing
all the kind comments you leave and
inspiring comments in the comments it's
just cool to see all the support you
guys are leaving and Andrew make more
force you guys are the best we want to
know what kind of forts you guys want to
see because we can do other forts
besides toilet paper for example dog
food you guess yeah you guys really
liked our IKEA 4 so we want to build
more forts but what do you want to see
so let us know leave a like if you guys
want us to do more on boxing's like
today's episode and that's it have a
great day we'll see you back here
tomorrow
peace guys bite
