good morning everybody and welcome back
to vlogs today is going to be an epic
vlog because we are going to be doing
another fort we haven't done a fort in a
while and like every time you guys keep
leaving comments with force what we do
today right IKEA oh yeah oh yeah yeah
what kind of for we building I don't
know yeah this one is gonna be very big
for an Ikea you don't know what's gonna
be made up but we're gonna make it cuz
we're just going to explore we will make
an epic force so let's go but first we
just gotta eat some fruits I'm hungry so
here's the plan this is IKEA these are
the halls employees are going to be
walking back and forth from this area
okay we have to make our way through the
halls and find a opening to get through
the breaking defense and also the
escalator runs right up here we're going
to go up the stairs around the bend over
to this area and make sure we find a
couch that has a very good landing zone
okay sounds good make sure to bring this
with you we don't want to forget the
plan let's roll out here we are the IKEA
Wonderland now wait we got to find one
of these - you thought it was cool and
they did three stories try six Oh is a
really sick tell the paper reports hotel
gosh this is the best now we got to find
our entrance where we're going to start
okay I think we're going to start right
here with like a good wall area to climb
goes it's just nice because it has this
hatch here and then a hatch right here
that you go up to the next layer there
on the second level the problem is these
aren't like really supportive and it's
quite open as well
Swiss huh dang it good where do we go I
don't know
okay can we go any higher there's a wolf
oh crap there is we can push a hose
coming down below how long you think
we're gonna last before someone tells us
cuz there's lots of open spots
everywhere
hurry there he goes yeah to be a pro you
can't be seen anybody there's people all
around if any of you guys out there want
to make forts please be careful and be
safe
obviously we don't recommend doing any
of this but if you are gonna build any
sort of Ford just be careful like don't
do anything dumb came back down we just
wanted to see what it was like up there
to see if there's not potential yeah
it's very open up there lots of people
can see you yeah so sketchy good figure
out how to make walls we're learning as
we go
I'm looking I was looking down all the
aisles to see which aisle would be the
best potential ya have it was over there
okay
we're trying to find flooring that looks
like this because this is pretty
supportive this would be hard to make it
for Don because you know there's no
floor we found a pretty awesome base
fort check it out look in here got a
wall here this huge back here and you
got the wall so extra protection we're
just gonna clean it up make it look nice
make it maybe open the square footage up
a little bit we got a hallway here
that's kind of small
where this is what we got going so far
school Oh
the entrance is way down there we walk
through here through the hallway down
here now we're clearing out this space
that's good guys
there's feelings
make sure the coast is clear
I'm outside of a fork we're checking out
the exterior little do you know more
Jase 2 is back there bed using a flat
screen on there yeah in a pillow you're
coming over for dinner
yeah later I just I got to get back to
my fort my missus is mad at me yeah I
got to clean up the cardboard
nevertheless real a lot of cleaning damn
say okay these pedestrians are on to us
why okay we're taking a break from the
main headquarters and we're checking out
the second story fort the best part yeah
surrounded by walls it is perfect but
you have to be careful the ground I'm in
no man's land get out of there right now
we're scheming and planning what we're
gonna do with the fort because we want
to make solid ground because this wood
isn't really solid it's kind of thin so
we hope if you step on we need some hard
surface and there's also upstairs but
that's really hard to get to
how did that guy not just realize I was
playing the camera wrappers for no
reason did insane
to decorate the fort we need some
decorations obviously carpet Fox you
need that what else I don't know
let's search I think we're about ready
to go back and decorate remember when
you get decorations don't forget to put
them back guys don't leave them for
employees put the Mack here's the
entrance where all of the
every home must have a TV
perfect you guys shoot right there hurry
our TV's too big darn it here yeah 20
inches
yes picture plane perfect all right
Thank You rule we are all done with a
luxury fort now it's time to give you
guys a tour so let's just walk over here
do a quick spin hey this is that before
we finished it took it took like three
days but it turned out last night oh
this is the best we've ever made yes we
wanted to install a kitchen in this
floor we had to bring all these
accessories no one caught us thankfully
I don't know how I'm not carrying them
down the stairs yet because we've been
living in here for a while we had to
install the bathroom I have a full back
here the shower - yeah so I let my
slippers in here just ignore those okay
I'm showing the kitchen yet Oh partially
okay just you know we got the stoves and
everything because we're probably gonna
cook food in here but our socks are so
good people are things actually so good
people see it somehow we made the door a
little bigger so anyone can come visit
us look at yeah yeah I think they liked
it you're gonna have a fight before
years want some tea yeah
here's the Welcome Mountain some plants
walk right over here to some main living
quarters this is the hangout zone just
watch some TV yeah we got the TV here we
got three colorful rugs what's the next
part of the luxury path this is like the
hallways we want to decorate it with
plants a landscape of Denver downtown
Denver more plants of course yeah this
is just the first bedroom
oh yeah this is where you sleep
this is Tina Lux whoa c'mon so good this
is bed okay yeah I know it's great well
good Fox to you okay
good night myself is my bedroom another
plant for frame that I installed instead
of an unfinished Bette I don't have a
bed yet but uh yeah you wanna show them
your bedroom yeah well this is the
shower area oh this isn't my bitter but
this is where you just get ready and get
this is how you shower you come in here
and you put a lighter up to underneath
this is my bed oh who designed this you
did I did not sign up for this so I hope
you guys enjoyed the tour of the
penthouse suite
ah
but I think I want to just kick back
relax watch some TV I'll just love how
full-screen this is we guess I know soon
we might hang it up right here huh be a
lot better than looking down but yeah
we've gotta do some measurements crap
for you've been fun but it's time to put
you back we just got done building forts
but we have to put her in the blogs
thanks for watching hugs
it's so awesome
thank you so much for watching we really
appreciate your excitement have a great
day bye bye mom BYE MOM
okay guys we are done with the cob IKEA
fort hope you guys liked it but Andrew
what are we doing now we're making a
toilet paper for it if you want to see
it you got to go over to tanners channel
it's in this camera oh yeah this camera
goes to my channel so the link to that
video will be in the description it's a
whole different port for you guys so
make sure to check it out leave a thumbs
up if you want us to do more forts and
thanks for this comment by the way did
you want to say anything anything else
you want to say thank you guys for
watching I hope you enjoyed the fort
it's fun to make the baby ones really
did you guys miss anything yeah
