well good morning everybody and welcome
back to vlogs I'm going to give the
camera and recycle the bathroom fairy Oh
Tanner you're embarrassing me but check
it guys if you can tell what this is
it's a big mountain of sand brought the
sand dunes here in Colorado and we're
just gonna have fun today we brought
some bubble bowls a snowboard we're
gonna see what we can do
we're heading up to the mountain now
it's a little bit of a walk and it's
very very hot out here but thankfully we
got some sunscreen on and there's looks
like to be a river of sorts up here so
may have to play in that if it gets a
little too hot great sand dunes it's
crazy that Colorado has this like I was
just trying to figure out why the sand
and how this sand even got here we're
going to get so much sand in our shoes
and yours are going to be black by the
time when Julia Wow
is this Hill there's people hiking way
up there insane
oh this is definitely a good place to
test it good job guys we're gonna have
to give you a push
what is that it's like the speed wax
that they give you for these yeah and
it's like and then you once you stand up
you should be like huh that's a college
setback super fun but like your comic
kind of like drags you down you'll have
to kind of hold you back yeah are you
ready
we made to a bigger Hill oh geez don't
be too nervous
thanks kidding you is he gonna fall will
soar no wow it's actually getting some
speed holy cow nice it worked
come on it's hard to even look see depth
in the sand because it just looks like
but it's actually very steep and he must
be having trouble because look every
step is like is sinking sinks at the
drone way up there
noise
very fast fun ride for a very
treacherous ride back up now you know
this Hill is a major workout you got a
lot of dirt on your face you guys been
boring person geometry and hardening
wants to see how much sand we have in
our shoes oh my god she has a lot of
those my feet are kind of burning thank
you
okay quick snack break with Fritos
Britney found some yummy snacks show
them yeah well we all ate them Larabar
bites chocolate macaroon gluten-free
non-gmo vegan dairy-free and they taste
fabulous we got these bubbles down here
this time yeah okay I get the shower we
are going to do this now if use use
vinegar you broke this I did not
you have to use power that's like no way
look wow this is not going to blow up
the ball dude you sure the heck happened
whoa what's dead dad we filled up the
two bubble balls and we're making our
way back out to the desert has a
wholeness we had to patch it up but
still kind of leaks a little bit but you
know it'll it'll make do I get this one
Brittany said she's gonna try it too
first time hopefully we don't die of
heatstroke in the bubble ball we don't
recommend doing this by the way all
right I'm gonna be the test dummy for
these are you okay I was the monkey and
he really messed up yeah turn a nice
room back
hey watch the videos the ball is pulling
away get back here catch it every time
the wind pick up it just going so fast
ouch you get it slow windy but the ball
is gone too too windy too fat all right
guys how do you rated how was it he ran
out of this world
what did you give it I gave it a 7 out
of 10 it was definitely different
it was a fun experience hashtag FG what
a dime let's in the ball ran away it's
anybody that lives by the Rocky
Mountains or wherever where that is over
there you find it tweet them I'll give
you a shot at me too sure you can find
that ball you get a shout out of your
package from us yeah
Britney's first time in the in the
bubble ball so I'm gonna get a sample
push that was the sample now go with the
real push a lot of tackle five eight
black yes nice
everyone thank you for watching today's
vlog hope you like the sand-dunes bubble
all fun um
it's dude who's there we're gonna this
was actually Tanner's idea but we're
going to write a comment rules will
start it okay and it's gonna be a story
about what happened to the blue bubble
ball so you guys write your continued
this story under our comment right like
one line so we'll write run line and
then in like two days or something will
read the story and see what happens to
it anything else do you want to say
Tanner for the blog subscribe so comment
down below
oh thanks by the way we just did a
toilet paper fort on his channel it's
coming soon and another fort in our
channel so stayed the Alpine attendants
out turning out your so it comes out
honey oh his videos already out ours
coming out tomorrow so come back here
tomorrow and oh quick comment of the day
I'm contemplating on if I subscribe to
more Jays few what what do we gotta do
to convince you
what's his name sandwich Aldwych just
let us know
and hopefully we can do that yeah this
guy said Andrew I'm impressed you
impressed him last vlog with my
trampoline skills
yeah that's I'm glad I'm the one that
impressed not you guys yeah not Tanner
slips or me at all so those are basic
and thank you
Katrina for this comment you guys keep
my mood positive and your vlogs are such
a great way to start the day off with
stay positive
got that right but that's all I got for
today we'll see you back here tomorrow
goodbye see you guys
right
