good morning vlogs welcome back to our
channel get in yeah check it out guys
this is Bubble Ball actually have a lot
of snacks back here yeah get these out
of here
yay as you know we love playing with
bubble balls so we're gonna try
something new today and you guys have
actually suggested this idea so congrats
yeah that's the main reason why we're
starting off the vlog today is because
we saw this comment from my parents
house right now because they have the
tools that we need to complete this
video
aka a hose yeah just get back there and
turn it on we're trying to fill up the
bubble ball with water not sure why or
what's gonna happen it sounds like it's
on whoa Aaron hey what are you doing are
you doing I asked you first
getting ready for work oh nice I don't
have a hose at my house so they they
come over here I'm trying to find the
device you screw on the end of the hose
to make it spray and stuff okay there we
go not really sure how this is gonna
work or why some of you guys thought
this would work is this go Oni
sure Hey look we just keep it right here
man okay this is gonna be way too heavy
to pick up no I'm strong though okay
it's gonna weigh a ton
ah I just wanted to touch it this is
gonna take a while also it looks kind of
stormy out hopefully this doesn't turn
into a thunderstorm go away every time
we've been filming these pub wall videos
there's a storm I know look what's up
with that how much you think this is
gonna weigh Aaron like a hundred pounds
really yeah it's too heavy to make the
form of the bubble ball
Oh something will happen you don't worry
it's just a blob Wow
we just need this side to fill up and
then it's fully inflated no one walked
on the street yep
so I guess that's it yeah let's see how
fun this is that looks comfortable
yeah this actually is nice because it's
like chilly like it was a hot summer day
and you're sitting out here would be
like so nice Wow what do you think guy
yeah
can you roll it or something or jump on
it or
it's raining
oh that hilarious super viral I can't
believe how viral this vlog is gonna go
try to put it on and push you down the
hill yeah wow this is heavy and I'm
getting wet
was that fun I can't believe how fun
this is
oh your feet really stuck in there huh
me out never you're stuck in there yes
yeah one foot out instead of getting a
bean bag for your house you can just get
a a bubble ball full of water yeah
that's a cool thing yeah and then you
can i play video games watch movies what
about me you want to bounce me Wow
oh not bad ah this bubble ball cannot be
moved yeah it's a move mile its immobile
and there's nothing else we can really
do so we might as well move on to the
next idea cuz yeah this was me it was
funny but hey thanks for the comments
though at least we tried it yeah yeah
just try stuff that's what scientists do
and we're scientists what is going on we
wanted to make more good use of the
water in the bubble ball so we're going
to King Soopers and we're getting some
dry ice we do like dry ice experiments
we've done them in the past so we're
going to try some more with the bubble
bowl see what happens now we aren't
really sure what's going to happen when
we put the dry ice in the ball don't
know if it's going to destroy the
plastic or whatever so we're gonna
figure it out but I don't recommend
doing this at home who's that that's me
guy you're like wearing the same shirt
all right it's out of focus but whatever
okay oh yeah that's good
by the way kids you have to be 18 or
older to buy this so if you want to do
some fun experiments with the fam or
parents they're gonna have to buy ask
mom you guys want to see my picture
there you are you were this little
really no you guys probably didn't know
this but usually when we buy stuff we
split the payments just you know be fair
or buying stuff for vlogs and we keep
the receipts so we ask for a copy that
receipts and usually there's a button on
the machine you just hit the button and
it prints out another receipt that King
Soopers she's like oh you want a copy
sure as she went over to the copy
machine and just perfect
got this do it that's on a piece of
paper me tax write-off cuts in five
pounds of dry ice Oh easy but breathe in
the bag yeah I just want to share that I
never seen anybody actual make
I can copy through the copy machine
before yeah okay it's time to do a
science experiment see everybody the dry
eyes out Andras filling this up I filled
this one up with a little bit of air
we're gonna put something out of here
bug put some water in it and then put
the dry ice in it
why didn't you fill it up with all air
Andrew because there'd be no room for
water well also because if we're
thinking if we just drop the dry ice in
without any water it's just going to
melt through the plastic so we need some
water in there if we did all water way
too heavy so this is science when we
drop the dry ice in that maybe the smoke
or whatever that it evaporates will help
inflate the ball fully put it closer you
maniac I can letting all the air out
really I'm just kidding if you barely
put any in here it's already late pretty
happy - yeah
remember everybody you have to be safe
you have to have a gloves in here okay
this is what we'll put in the ball you
get in the ball and put the camera there
we'll do this unfortunately we found a
hole in the bubble ball I bought dang it
too many activities too much fun he's
putting on the ball get in here
science experiments about to begin look
at the camera so look being forward then
it has to be water back there though
yeah but I can't put that okay this is
going to be a strange experiment
everyone water dang it that was too big
one is in did you get it in there and
putting more in hurry it's bubbling in
here hurry
Wow
science guys is that gonna is that going
to keep bubbling up in public uh not
that a better Bluff is that gonna make
inflated I I feel like if there was a
lot it would but since you you didn't
put that much in I didn't this is a
trial and error sort of deal you can
hear it like bubbling in here okay he's
gonna add some more ice that's hard to
put it anywhere just don't drop it down
my pants this is your impossible to do
the whole thing stuff layings you just
have the opening open I'm trying you
think I look dumb hey sometimes science
experiments don't work and that's okay
it was kind of working how weird and
this looks the first one the first one
who dropped it I can feel like bubbling
on my lake first one you got when we
started doing that was the best one yeah
we're just gonna have to try that
anyways I think what we need to do for
this one to make it effective I'll
crunch up a lot of these do you have a
funnel yeah
that would solve all our problems I
thought have another cool thing what we
won't be able to do this but it'd be
cool
wearable aquariums have this board in it
you make a little party easy the walking
aquarium yeah that would be the coolest
thing ever so I got the funnel this will
help install the dry ice into the ball
science is coming arrival holy oh this
is not good guys
Hey it is bubbly very powerful guys this
is very weird
ah I can't barely see
as you can see is the carbon dioxide of
the ice is staying and only the areas of
oxygen to reach so it start inflating
because then they're the epicenter
locked away look she's going to this
tube now huh
look it's inflating did we just discover
something maybe sure did that's what
scientists do they discover the dry ice
is pushing its way through the chambers
and making his way into this chamber now
Wow is it like a cool movie shot you
thought I was in the fog I did alright
we can use that in a short film maybe
okay like that exact shot what would we
call this experiment I have no idea our
neighbors all I think we're the weirdest
people like what are we really
accomplishing with this experiment fun
oh yeah that's a good reason a fun
experiment look in here oh cool that oh
did we just invent something yeah this
is the new lava lamp and it's actually
filling up throughout the whole ball
this grass is completely frozen guys
what
oh look at this piece it's literally
just sitting in this bubble of air of
oxygen definitely has been inflating we
have a little bit of ice left so we're
going to go do something fun with it and
I'm probably just gonna leave that ball
here to see what happens and I don't
know about that ball and the hole I need
another one
Oh unnecessary drone segment I need to
do another this what unnecessary drone
segments
just-joan shots that part needed alright
we'll try that in a future vlog here we
are we're gonna drop this this is like a
storm waterway we're all the storm water
that gets funneled down into the hits of
Mordor here so we're gonna there's no
fish wildlife in this water so I'm gonna
drop the dry ice down in here Wow
we hit the jackpot let me just say this
blog is very viral listen I don't know
how to be more viral we can get I don't
know
holy crap so funny areas being it that
is so fun this is the best ball mill
right here alright so you found this
spot where the water spewing out yeah
whoa some more go whoa
I do I feel a bubble blob so yeah why
are these bubble blob a memory Wow the
mystic laughs Wow whoa yay in science
look it's going up the wall Oh see this
is why we need the drone look it's like
hey that would be sick he did it was
walking no I would be better with the
drone
now don't judge us we're just going to
get good shots
goodbye bubble blobs randomly walk by
they day what is that all the dry ice is
gone
I guess we'll deflate this now yes well
guys I guess that's the end of bubble
balls today you yeah I can't think of
anything else to do with these guys
me neither but the next vlog is going to
be with Tanner Tanner Fox so if you guys
follow him we're going to be doing some
fun things maybe a toilet paper for oh
and more Bubble balls something to do
with blah blah we're not telling you
know because it's it's an insane video
it's going to be so cool thanks for
watching and we'll see you guys in the
next vlog alright guys bye stay safe
stay happy helium pranks are always
still the best oh I got to do a helium
verb yes is it coming no
