nobody backlog favorite like with helium
oh wow
Wow so we haven't done the intro like
that in a while so we thought we would
try a bite
I think it's gone now but as you can see
we have this balloon time helium tank
that we bought we actually have two of
them in the back and we are going to be
doing some drive through helium pranks
which we're so excited about those are
the fun is to do you guys really like
them so fun so I'm first how we're gonna
be getting this del Taco here and this
is the best too because we don't to buy
balloons we just have the tank here fill
the balloon up whenever we need we've
been getting a few Clips haven't really
blog because it's kind of hard to do
both at once but what did you order
just some lettuce for free yeah well
first she charged me and then the
manager is like you don't charge for
lettuce and she gave me a refund this is
so funny maybe we'll throw in some
bloopers for you guys this has just been
helium pranks are always still the best
oh I got to a helium verb yes is it
coming no Dan your turn though
ah horrible hi welcome to my Wendy's how
may I help you ha
I'm actually one second look at the
mania take your time
are you ready miss oh yes if gasps I
crap why did I do that guys so Andrews
going now but we're doing a test we've
been doing just normal girl voices now
we're doing boy voices with helium like
old man or some aah
I'm eight when you go you have to try to
make it deep I am really not the
drive-through coffee please now I'm
anything just doing a quick livestream
before the prank we're actually going to
be live-streaming during the prank which
is going to be so cool we've never done
this before so everybody's hanging out
with us saying hey Andrews getting
nervous so nervous and again okay Oh
Craig
that's okay Craig oh boy oh whoa sorry
about that
anyways what's up you guys could borrow
me some wet wipes I got barbecue sauce
all over my fingers okay you guys have
wet wipes that lady is actually getting
Andrew wet wipes or napkins for his
barbecue sauce fingers this is on turn
that off what
I do apologize about that I just got the
wet wipes or napkins thank you I might
actually come in to go poop if that's
acceptable
that's okay you guys have an opening
okay I appreciate ya person really shot
up here pranking went super well
can't wait to edit this video and post
it um but we actually got some other
plans for the evening so I'm taking
Daisy for a quick jog so she gets her
daily exercise in as well I am in the
car now with Brittany guys check out her
hair who who did this it's like a fun
messy look um um one of Hannah's friends
did it my sister yes cuz we didn't
actually tell you but we're going up
we're in Denver area ready Harbor mile -
we're in Denver because Brittany got in
contact with this photographer up here
and what did you say he's getting he
contacted me in he was like hey like
Canada sand
like one or two lenses and I would love
to shoot you so like hooker fix for
Instagram and the blog it's like it more
like just I want to meet more people so
this is like a great opportunity if you
guys haven't checked out her blog yet
she's posting like every day and they're
so awesome inspirational stuff I think
you guys really like I'll link in
description but well you really I will
well you I know I messed it I will do it
again though yeah looking on pony today
thanks you got a stain well I was
putting like like oily lotion on and I
got it right there hmm right there so
it's so nice out here start in the shots
this lens is insane oh and then you can
do your shoulder towards me that's good
yeah it's just so peaceful out here
got some nice lens flares here Sun
coming through the trees do you do one
of these but I'll watch for tension um
in this hand cuz if you like God your
arm too hard then will look a little bit
tense Oh
just look at this folks
so much fun and then yeah just lets do
you kind of like the all done with the
photo shoot Britt how to turn out how to
go I'm so allergic to like weeds and
just yeah I got some bye Kenny - it's
the only thing about being out in like
more nature settings it's like getting
bit by mosquitoes and bugs and getting
allergies yeah the pictures are gonna be
so cool what do you think I'll have them
done well I was really busy so maybe
like a week or two I'm thinking they'll
be on Brittany's Instagram yours names
right ear if you want to follow so go
get to see the patients around a blog
post so like take off this dress right
here Allison don't tell Cassandra or
Karissa
whoever did your hair they did good
she's a little but you didn't get her
name Hildebrand
ranch Park if you're in Colorado's
beautiful area just to come chill or
take pics now tend to with some dinner
yeah
finally got a buy one get one with the
chip chip topia rewards the first buy
one get one of the month it's time to
just relax now isn't food it's 9 p.m.
actually and Bernie and I loved watching
Survivor so I connect my combine to the
computer to the TV and it is the best
anyways yes oh by the way guys did you
know my favorite food fruit is
grapefruit the absolute best so the
license guys the prank is live or going
to be live today I'm not sure when
exactly but if you want to see the
healing break head over to JC Studios
will leave a link in the description
Candra y final thoughts hurry I don't
have any final thoughts yeah this
weekend's gonna be fun yeah Tanner lanco
Tanner Fox is coming tomorrow yeah yeah
we're picking them up from the airport
Airport tomorrow you stayed with us like
three or four days gonna be doing some
epic vlog so hope you guys are excited
and stabbed because game see you later
bye good luck and we on the Grande
beautiful and successful
