well good morning everybody and welcome
back to vlogs inter and I are doing
quite well this morning this afternoon
Andrews driving right now yeah don't bug
me guys yeah we're actually going up to
Denver for again we've been going up to
Denver a lot lately
we had auditions today for a commercial
role it's funny because Andrew actually
his auditions at 3:40 and then I'm
auditioning at 3:45 right afternoon I
can't show you the script right here
because they'll get very upset this is
very not to be shown but what are we
auditioning for we are playing a clown
whoa what's up dude that's random you
said that while we're vlogging yeah
thanks for watching man that was random
but I guess I'll let you guys know if
anything comes from this audition it's
just fun to audition and we're gonna go
see what's up in Denver we're going
actually a little early right now plus I
dared him to be very awkward
here are headshots there's a beat and
then there's Andrews yay who else loves
traffic as much as we do raise your hand
I don't know if there is anybody this is
just so relaxing absolutely employment
just I get to see more things it takes
longer to get places
it's a claustrophobic okay we got we got
here a little early we got about 20
minutes but we want to show you guys
just a quick song that we love now we
just found this song it is it speaks to
our hearts that's why she is so
successful and we on the Grande
and forceful love Ariana Grande hey yo
da money going in oh we love and beyond
the Grande
it's like going and this beat is so I
don't know how we find these songs but
that was funny anyways hope you liked it
if you guys find any other songs you
want us to review we can do that yay
this way yeah ouch
bathroom all done
how'd it go I think you went well but I
feel like they're gonna find someone
else that they're looking for that's all
right yeah it was fun audition I like
interested there's probably I don't feel
like me and Andrew really look like
clowns there's a guy who did look like a
clown I don't know what they're looking
for but either way it was fun and I'm
glad we did it back down in Colorado
Springs from Denver with Britney the
wifey and we are a meeting Tyler and
Becca here they because today's actually
Tyler's birthday you guys may recognize
them we've hung out with him a few times
but yeah we're getting some food with
them and just gonna chill ass tonight so
it should be fun
dinner has arrived
happy birthday Tyler I am so proud of
you how love you now 24 Wow hey Sam
can't really see it but maybe you can
ceiling this yeah I got food on my shirt
dad happy birthday dear Tyler
yeah back home had to have this for
dessert
Brittany made some paleo banana bread it
is so good Daisy do you want some
potatoes Daisy how bad do you want
potatoes huh I had to take Daisy on a
quick walk to catch this gorgeous sunset
I feel like nighttime evening time
sunset walks are necessary because
sunsets are just they put me in like the
best mood and look at it guys it just
keeps getting better and better there's
a lot more colors with my real life eyes
than the camera eyes just so you know
like it's more pink camera is not doing
it any justice yeah I can't remember if
we asked this in last block vlog I was
wanting to see if any of you guys
collect sports cards too and what your
favorite sports team is out of all the
sports teams what's your favorite sport
team and you collect cards because me
and Andrew I've started to get back into
it and just go into the card stores have
been so fun and want to get more and I
want to get some boxes I was thinking
about getting a box and unboxing it for
you guys I might do that it would be so
much fun and then if any of you guys
click cards maybe we can trade with you
guys I don't know I've just been asked
some random thoughts on this walk so
yeah if I'm making no sense then that's
fine or maybe if you don't collect cards
what is your hobby slash thing you
collect do you guys collect anything I'm
curious to know what everyone's
different thing they liked
ins so there's another reason we brought
you guys all here thanks for coming out
to my birthday who's trying to prank
them but they're not pregnant
I love fires just turbo fire tonight so
you guys know how we do the bulb
Andy donations and fan mail a lot of you
send us money well a lot of you know
that the money that you guys donate we
put towards a good cause and a few
months ago we filmed with our friend
Brandi who works with beauty for Ashes
in Uganda and we told you guys that the
money up to that certain point in time
was gonna be all donated to her
organization out in Uganda and she
actually just recently sent us the
footage to just kind of update us on
what it's like over there and and we
just wanted to update you on the footage
and show you guys where your money's
going and what life is like over there
for them
it just blows my mind to see how joyful
these people are in their circumstances
and how little they have and just how
happy they are it really puts things
into perspective for me and I'm just so
grateful that all of you guys have
donated money and are helping this cause
we're gonna be doing more of this stuff
man yeah thank you brandy for sending us
this footage Andrew do you have anything
else to say before we close off the vlog
he's doing dishes right now if you're
wondering neither of us got callbacks
for clams
yeah we weren't meant to be clowns yeah
thanks for watching today's vlog and
we'll see you guys back here tomorrow
good bye they have a rookie CJ Anderson
assigned 25 bucks
