good morning everyone and welcome back
to the LOX hope you're doing well okay
it's what I'm in hey oh yeah all right
where we are excited today because if
you watch yesterday's vlog which we did
we were talking about this place Dale's
car and sports and gaming cards this is
nostalgic right now I used to go here
when I was in high school and haven't
been here since they got tons of cool
sports cards pretty much every type of
card you can think of they have here so
we're just gonna check it out and see
what they got Aaron what Oh check it out
go inside here we are whoa this is that
big beanie babies at my house you want
to give some to him yeah they got all
kinds this is so cool I can't believe
I'm in here right now
this is nuts just made it beautiful so
many collectible Star Wars stuff packs
these are old packs like you had Andrew
free why bring that 100 cards what are
there any rares and you're probably not
didn't use to collect like these types
of things guys is each night both you
guys right hey these are all Pokemon
cards
I need to find a loo do this the other
why but Pokemon just look so cool all
the different guys okay let's ask him if
he has originals oh my gosh okay so he
found these are all original packs look
how much $24 a pack
do they put have some I bet if we got
some dough body dude we have to get a
miser oh no they won't be in any store
we could open it for vlog and really fun
to get wonderful okay that'd be so cool
let's spend 20 bucks on Aaron so here is
a really cool case like this so you just
push the button in it you can look
through we do not answer all the rare
Pokemon cards we have now these are the
sports cards you got tons of cool Jersey
cards and they're not even that bad
price like 10 bucks 7 bucks for a
neigh-neigh JR smith jersey for 8 bucks
and they have the broncos over here
which is epic they don't have any signed
stuff from Peyton Manning they have a
rookie CJ Anderson signed 25 bucks so
many epic cards in here don't really
remember that quarterback though here's
all the Peyton Manning's it was Carter
so this is just so full can't stop
saying it von Miller Wow
so these are cool because they're a
little more expensive 50 bucks but three
autographs per box and he said this case
are they're very rare 134 my goodness
200 for that guy is that the most
expensive one here oh crap what should
we get guys trying to decide you want to
do an unboxing video
what are you doing Andrew I'm getting a
possible pack is that the one you want
yeah it better be the best one though in
bites the dust
this is your last jungle set it's our
last full box
Wow what I'm getting one Terry do you
have this one danger you know $60 trade
neo destiny but this one 25 it's really
cool why pick one make a good one not
telling you there's only one of these in
this this one hmm
you are the master make a good choice
and again like a pack of cards to kind
of figure out which one though so many
choices it's hard to decide we just
bought some stuff we're going to be
opening them soon so hold on we got some
other plans for today's blog as well you
can see back here yeah long board
scooter penny board drone what could be
happening stay tuned to watch it's gonna
be an exciting vlog thing I honestly did
not wait to open these you mean us plus
I still have some packs at home you guys
saw it I'm open
we can bring one of those out layout
will do this definitely today's vlog we
have made it to Memorial Park skate park
we're just here the other day got
scooter razor and then penny board you
just got his longboard we actually have
never skated at this Park before if you
guys watch the vlogs we were just here
Bubble Ball vs. halfpipe if you haven't
seen it go check it out but we're gonna
ride around see what kind of fun stuff
we can do here here we are yeah this is
huge
these bros just came up to me on the
right you're gonna try and skate the
park with this it's gonna hurt bud I
said so I'm having fun oh oh the hammock
bros Andrew let's see some cool jumps by
the way the scooter is almost broke but
it still works so just come to my garage
okay yeah I'm not gonna I don't think I
can do any tricks on this but I just
want to ride around cuz it's fun
oh here we go guys down big hill very
nervous whoa holy cow way too fast
Oh point out the best idea to ride with
this I'll break my camera
Andrews back is going to do a jump over
the thing Oh a very steep jump whoa yeah
yeah this is not a good idea before I
can't do this
dropping in on penny board equals very
fractured head Mary Oh little tiny ramp
ep
whoa let's go over there guys what
happened I tried to go over this wasn't
filming
I flew in there and snapped it's still
rideable though but good heavens
just randomly got really windy and
starting to rain out here oh my goodness
I don't know I think it should be a fast
storm our slows
the cave here out of the rain hi I
wanted to bring the drone out to be cool
to get some following shots but it's
like raining and windy not gonna work
rat goose Gossage now skatepark and do
you guys remember this from our old
skate videos we showed some me this is
it if you do say me true fans may
remember teenager made like a
three-minute skate video and we shot
some clips here a while ago
if I remember correctly yeah let's go
check it out
show everyone what you just showed me
there's like a million grasshoppers in
this deal just watch when I start
walking see if you can tell
holy can you guys see this
trying to catch it
I better go forget we're all done with
skateparks and we're back at Andrew's
house because he has this drawer if you
saw in yesterday's fall yeah I'm going
to open up some packs but there's one
problem
what this is not open yeah we just fell
like you're pulling it so many times it
didn't open and then it does open before
cuz you have a lot and we should save
some like two different types if you're
not using one of these because we are
back home now are you ready might open
some packs yeah oh I just have to say
before I do this I am so excited right
now I feel like a kid again
opening cards is so much fun and oh this
is just gonna be cool so this is Andrews
pack that he found in his house unopened
its head night
no 19's 2007 baseball pack Holmen
heritage so let's see what's inside guys
Oh any rares that's what media like to
call cool cards rares honestly I don't
really know any baseball players so me
either
let's take a look here guys no they're
all autograph whoa
this is a rare it doesn't say but it's
holographic which is a rare in our book
yeah anybody's healthy Pat Burrell
finally some names checklist cart no one
wants that
jerath and Jared Reggie Sanders I've
heard of that this is a traded and
rookies from 2003 Major League Baseball
tops chrome China states Omar
see I thought this would be a good one
because it was the pack was really thick
but Chris and James prospect card I
don't know if you ever made it in the
league maybe I'm gonna open this one up
next actually that's one of the older
ones we have Andrew found 1997 look for
emerald autographed sticks
what don't know what that means by any
baseball fans out there you can let us
know if these are good or not
Rex Ricky Bahl taka Jay Bell so I was
connected here what the an AHA lien
tariff Julian oh yeah
no rares in this one so it was a pretty
basic up opening no hollow sticks or
whatever
no this path analysis from 1999 this is
a rookie card in every pack it was six
dollars back in 1999 so this must be
very very bad we'll find out Wow
Ben Petrik Gerry Lopez Toni kind of
shiny which is cool mark mcgwire what I
heard of him he's good
Jeff Bagwell Jason I don't know but he
was like a little boy out of high school
he does it's not a Mark McGwire best
performers card yeah I think it's just
nuts how there's probably not many
pokemon cards left I don't take away
your filming when we're at the store but
one of the ones and robot I want
go on he said that that was his last box
and he doesn't even know where to buy it
anymore
he said don't make these anymore I don't
know where I'm gonna get up so so maybe
we'll find some clothes in I don't know
but I'm gonna open this one which is the
Platinum are kiyose uh-huh so this
wasn't $8 pack guys then that means
something never heard of him Oh
electrolyte oh I gotta light it so these
guys look cool look man just look cool
kabuemon heard that one
Shinx whoa hollow
another electrolytes but he's better
yeah he is Gollum it's a star so it
means rare bronzong a stadium and
actually never played Pokemon so I don't
know how the card game works cool gastly
yeah these are cool put your rare on the
top though okay here we go
this pack has never been touched by
humans you're the first human contact
right away we have a peculiar-looking
oddish hmm
Bellsprout you caught him and yeah with
ooh what carry on but it's not
holographic but that's okay it's so good
right yeah that's a star in arena and
the Taurus and a rippy - this is a pack
I bought it I think it's 2016 so it felt
snicker hopefully they don't have like
the fake piece in here
hope it's a Jersey card because that
would be the best Duke Johnson Kelvin
Benjamin Logan Ryan Dion Lewis Matt
Jones uh why did they put this in here
ah
Russell Wilson not bad
who's this who is that Odelle nice Odell
Beckham jr. yes is he a guy you really
like I do like him what Phillip Phillip
Rivers not bad yeah it's pretty cool
guys
the last Pokemon oh I did want to say
before I open this but this reminds me
back in the day when Aaron myself our
friend Nick which he's been in the vlogs
we'd all go down a destroyer called
sandy brings and we buy like truthly
packs of these at the time at a time so
that's why you have all the ones you do
have no used to buy tons
Geodude Oh
holographic Moltres is that good or what
I think we'll put him to the side a
cloister and a kingler lot Wow a
holographic look King this is one of the
rare birds I'm so excited to open this
2015 autographed football there's two
autographs per pack no redemptions who
could it be
take your guess right now 2015 who do
you think of team we're going to pick
somebody good or they think is gonna be
good I was hoping it to Broncos maybe
Peyton Manning that'd be cool if it was
you know very angry - I'd be so mad at
you I see an autograph or something
Tyler Lockett not bad 19 out of 40 Wow
who does he play for now pretty sure the
place for the Seahawks oh you're gonna
be really good someday by the way
Terrance West one out of 15 that's a
good rarity will he be good I don't know
even though I don't know who these guys
are just having autograph cards like
these looks so cool and just the number
one out of fifteen like that's only 15
of these
epic yes they give us these little
packet rares go in the packets because I
don't have the actual nice things quite
yet
nice I want to put him in a packet as
well to keep him safe and secure guys
that's all for the vlog today um Andrew
would you like to conclude this video
yes this is part of the skateboard
family I know yeah but anyways what
we're going to say if you guys want to
send us any cool cards any packed boxes
will open it a link to me or our address
is in the description or you love cards
we love Broncos by the way yes
Jersey and autograph just so you know
but anyways hope you like today's blog
there's a little different fun and it's
fun hanging with you guys know we
haven't seen dad by the way what do you
mean oh this comment oh and yeah more
toilet paper force yes okay we see your
comment told it before coming soon
alright see you next time goodbye here
we go what the shell isn't this is way
too many cards in here I don't know
where I got this but this is pretty
