good morning everybody and welcome back
to vlogs good to have you here guess
where we're at where take a look at the
sign up there Oh Brooke Denver Zoo I
don't really want to vlog because I put
too much sunscreen on my faces all white
so and you have a mouth full yeah but I
could talk in the meantime okay you guys
see saw our previous vlog the Denver Zoo
is promoting five dollars off if you
show them the Pokemon go up now so we're
all here and they're activating all the
lures so that's what we're here to do as
the wives and baby Isaac mini trainer in
the work Isaac what are we here to do
yes we all got our tickets five dollars
off you guys save ten I think we all
save ten bucks yeah good deal very good
deal
and I asked the guy how many people have
showed that him the app since they have
started this said pretty much everybody
shows them that so everybody we see at
the park is pretty much playing Pokemon
which is insane I just think this is so
cool everybody out here checking out the
animals getting stuff done the first we
get ease back our guys are ready to
start the pokey zoo snacks
yeah yay someone made this line out of
Legos that rare can we catch it no
Wow
Isaac say hi hey that cave we're hanging
everywhere I bother something right here
that turtles bigger than you
someone got a funny snapchat oh thanks
ready yeah just a little farther there
you go bud don't bite me battling gyms
here at the zoo is so hard because
there's so many people all going at once
Justin was just trying to battle a gym
there's one person in it and then it
glitched out and the gym switched colors
and three other people already in it
it's like what this bridge they built so
the elephants could go from enclosure to
enclosure
we're just wishing they would go now so
we could film them crossing but yeah
that's alright we'll go see him though
okay remember when we did a prank here
at this is you if so what was it called
it's an elephant what do elephants say
really we all have so they're all out of
chocolate being in use we're in the bird
world now and one of these places has
the sloth in it so we will find that for
you guys
it's mister slaw he's just chillin
chillin like a sloth his face is so cute
this is the wild growlithe cage do you
see it yeah darn it ah he's angry well
that's all for the zoo you guys have fun
yeah zoo animals oh yeah what was your
favorite Pokemon you caught this I guess
oh yeah oddish is good boo is what was
your favorite Pokemon you caught my last
moves are you nobody has ever spoke
because you oh cool that's a good day
Doh doh-doh bird there's real something
something you'd see at the zoo I feel
like way too tired
you're so driving this now sloths like a
hang from stuff I learned that from the
zoo today you never knew that goodbye
friends oh my god
goodbye yes yeah
it's a different day now we're still
done for though yeah we did we only had
four minutes of footage as you guys saw
the zoo so we want to continue the vlog
today for you guys ain't nobody want to
watch a four minute vlog
anyway it's time to pay for parking
we're in downtown Denver we're going to
go film some pranks going to go to some
lunch I just do some fun stuff today so
hope you're excited by wow if you guys
haven't ever bended the invar Colorado
or downtown Denver it's got a real New
York City type feel big banners
everywhere buildings lots of people man
it's critical it's a lot less chaotic
still pretty wild though we're yeah up
here we're going to modern market cuz
andrew has a what I won't get one coupon
yeah modern market absolutely here we
are yes it's
it is busy that's because it's so good
what pokemon inside show us what you've
got and get 10% off yes you're sitting
right here
three words oh wow look at everything
you're just showing what your pot we get
another discount it just caught this
it's going to be so good to power up
evolved is going to be nuts also one
more question
yep can we add the 10% off of the
pokemon that sack okay I was just
wondering
darn it he said we couldn't staff coop
stacks
I want gallons better turns out
it is
we got to get some quick energy in
before we pray whoever told you what
we're filming at but what we're doing is
going up to people who are older than us
like clearly older than us and saying
hey I think we went to school yet
somebody a while ago left a comment
saying that and we thought it was a
funny idea so we're trying it out today
and it's great down here too for pranks
because there's constantly people
walking so there's like new people to
get every minute well we got a bunch of
funny clips but we are down in Castle
Rock now which is like in between
Colorado Springs in Denver just trying
out we want some coupie this place is
cold it's lost coffee locally owned
locally roasted locally loved locally
yes can in here you pokey freak yes
would be extra special side iced latte
for me yeah he's making us coffee yes
yay for gas I came here if I told you
guys but my coffee right here it has
four shots of espresso in there
I'm probably not going to drink it all
what you say about what I've been saying
a lot just without help whatever you
want to say his coffee drink I have it
just made it laughs because he says
coffee doesn't really do much to him so
the guy offered four shots of espresso
he's like okay whatever which correlates
to one
this is a lot of debate on the Internet
weather howlite how much caffeine is
actually hidden one shot of espresso and
what I saw was like a shot is about 50
milligrams that's right so so that'd be
like two red walls in this coffee has
two extra rentals on your coffee so yeah
I don't want to have my heart block
drink happen
fun facts of the day if any of you guys
are coffee drinkers and know lots about
caffeine and coffee let me know in the
comments curious to know what exactly
this means so if some of you guys
remember back when I was in Missouri we
were going through some antique shops
and looking at cards and I mentioned I
want to show you guys card collection so
Andrew and I both actually collected
cards back in the day he has cards I
have a bunch of cards different styles
too so yeah we'll show you a bunch of
different things we have but I'm at my
parents house right now and this is all
of the cards I have in here no it's in
this giant chest pull this out here look
at this what we did not plan to wear
basically the same shirt today it just
kind of happened oh yeah that's just
that the black I just wanted to point
that out because I know you guys would
point that out
you and Aaron do that a lot no no
everything you okay just weird how like
you want to go hang out with your friend
and then you show up and you're both
wearing the same shirt like ah come on
but anyway back to the vlog literally
haven't opened this box in the longest
time as you can see there's tons of dust
on it was telling Andrew I used to go
back in like high school middle school
there's a card store where I used to
live called Dale's cards and if you
brought in your report card he would
give you like a free pack or a discount
and I used to do that but I didn't
always have the best grades so should
have worked harder man geez
here we go what the Shou so I honestly
don't even know where to start I have
different booklets so this would be I
guess I don't know what this is just a
mix like this I wrote on here hockey
card times oh not bad and I was really
into this guy's these are organized look
avalanche I do it by team that was wise
ducks so who knows if I got some resin
here we may have to look later got some
just assorted cards in here but good
grief I just don't know where I got all
these how did you manage them get these
many cards Bronco bury standards oh
here's some Broncos stuff look Peyton
Manning when he was on the Colts and
then we get into the Bronco stuff got
some 12 Davis here there's a rich Kanan
bad Rod Smith and McCaffrey these are
layers actually my rares are at the
house so I love to show you some more of
those once we get I may want the really
rares oh but here a lot of rookies let's
see if we recognize any of these guys
and if they're good now Roy Williams
don't know no sorry boo Matt Schaub
Larry Fitzgerald whoo he's gonna be like
in the Hall of Fame I guarantee it
here's the prize of all possessions a
jake plummer card hey I like any Broncos
oh this card's cool
what show you John Elway whoa yeah it
doesn't say like I don't think they did
it back in the day it didn't say like
it's one out of what oh yeah I should
probably put this in a cool case so this
doesn't get ruined man Carson Palmer
with the bangles Chad Johnson that's not
your name bud
you probably want that card because he
this was him his old self okay so this
is the the basketball one book now Pau
Gasol looks so different that does not
look like him at all sky high school kid
yeah I didn't even know he played for
Memphis either Pau Gasol I like your
weakened he's so small what'd you find
I got a book of Lord of the Ring cards
look we got all the good characters here
Frodo
Legolas Smeagol Gandalf tons of candles
I just have no idea how much any of
these parts are worth I give you five
bucks for this whole bot why I don't
know
also on this bag are uh Marvel cards
what
I found a professor Eck's in here is it
rare I don't know
can I have two I don't know how I'm
going to go through all these one day
but maybe I should bring them bring this
chest to a card shop and have them look
through every single card and pick out
the rares but now let's go see your
cards you said you have pokemons I have
some pokemons some baseball cards and
also some major Knights what what
happened in drew this is the Pokemon
collection cards where in Aaron's room
old really yeah now the guest room
okay Turner's trophies now whoa there's
poking with girls right on the top wow
what do we have here guys a penita and
no Edel very bad this is
that's the pokemon magazine when was
this made it looks cool
you even saved the packages I did I
tried to make it with all the different
packages but it ran out of room
dang that's kind of cool to look at man
yeah but it's all ripped I really put
you on binder you have to have some rare
C holographic right when you open right
here a holographic Nidoking wait Cal you
step dude what the dude this is a cool
card the whole even the edges are
holographic okay what else danger why
did you show them the holographic oh
okay right here holy what super rare
guys it is right isn't that what it says
on the bottom like how many is this is a
first edition card okay show them all
these okay these there's a holographic
Mewtwo but that's I think I don't
remember what that means but this is
pretty cool
first edition holographic my champ what
Wow and Blastoise name Blastoise it has
the two I can't know what that means
though we review a holo Clefairy
we got you holo Alakazam okay we think
that this might the number isn't how
rare
isn't just somebody's in the deck or
that I think so who knows which is very
valuable pokemon we don't know what you
find this is a pretty cool card the
whole thing is like so cool how the
company did that it's like so smart I
know we just figured out how to tell
rares and stuff yeah so this article
says first check the rarity by at the
bottom right corner there's either a
circle star star H or 3 stars or diamond
yeah and three stars apparently is the
very rare this hypno is a star she's a
shiny and it says look for holographic
cards oh really
I was telling Justin this story when I
was a collecting Pokemon cards back in
the day I had this holographic Jolteon
wait I had this holographic Jolteon not
this one but it was a holographic one
and I was so excited I didn't want to
put it in my collectors book because I
thought Aaron would steal it or
something so I hid it in the I hid it
outside under a rock I thought that'd be
a great spot to hide it everything I
went back a couple days later to try and
find it it was gone I was so mad but I
was just a terrible idea
Aaron Andrew can't remember why he did
that nope I can't but we're just trying
to find some very rare 's wow that's
cool oh no it's a circle but it's
holographic ah okay guys we found
Andrews rare Pokemon as you can see the
stickers on here let's take a look at
what's on the first page all right what
you can't be kidding me it was a trick
oh yeah golde beanie baby how do you
have these oh so funny is this Aaron's
book or yours let's be honest how's mine
hey I can't laugh because I have
collected some strange cards too beanie
babies I don't even know they made these
like this is so random do you think the
rares are somewhere but baby not in
there ah man
No well you actually have some good ones
in there but no like ultra stores only
the stars which I guess are good like
holographic star cards are kind of
glittery yeah since he likes hiding his
good cards from Aaron maybe there's
somewhere else I like that ones like
part of my favorite yeah I remember like
summer my brain that I took like some of
the good cards and put them behind like
other like basic cards to know how to
find them you have any other books
anywhere I don't know that's all I know
of we're trying to go on a little hunt
around Andrews house cuz Aaron had a
book as well he said and he thinks he
had more cards than that we will find
them
the rare sluggers guinea babies just
think I know where there's more like
baseball cards yeah I kept them like you
put them in a book or a box what does it
look like
so they we're on like a national
treasure hunt where's the box that Aaron
drew on any of these boxes no these
aren't them I knew there'd be more
somewhere just don't be dorky cars
so these are the A+ carbs we found from
the box
these are all stars no triples oh and
holographic holographic like this was
pretty cool like a whole card yeah
little Queen what else we got in here
and venusaur that's pretty cool a lot of
energy cards for this one was dark wow
that's a star rare to different style
magnet tens another that's pretty cool
and then this one another holographic
one of him which he was in a special
case we found and this rod which we
don't know what it is yet we haven't
looked
oh wow I was at dunkels mature P I don't
know but it's in a case so must be
something
well and these Japanese flavors or
whatever this is those I think are more
valuable because it didn't this
originated in Japan yeah whatever this
you know this is even look at the back
dude that's so cool
Pocket Monsters that I think that's what
they were called before Pokemon what
thick is this rare find anything this is
it what yes there's a lot of things in
there this is what Aaron was saying he
was embarrassed about
so there's Pokemon in here yeah there
are oh I see some Hall Aaron put a lot
in cases let me see he has a lot of
other snacks in here as well so here's
what we found
in the Aaron pile what's your fave
that's hard to say like this one Snorlax
all these are stars by the way I
couldn't find any ultra rares yeah I
mean see this is only stage two if we
could get the Dragon Knight and that
one's going to be good but I don't think
I'd ever got one of those never seen
that guy before toward Tara good job
good finds today urn
Wow this is the Andy card box card ville
the heck you have packed you haven't
even opened yeah yeah we're desperate
I don't know what's so fun about just
finding old cards although like we we
bought these a long time ago we kind of
know what we have like received but I
don't know it's just it's so fun
nostalgic and yeah a lot of these are
super rare guys there's pub did you keep
them closed for a reason or I'm not sure
I got just had them and didn't open them
but there's something really cool packed
in here that's that's it no slot though
can't get in
where's the key there's cards in here oh
not anything that's some somebody else's
personal information that's name Harned
alright guys that's it for the vlog
today back at the house um Wow today was
a fun day 21 minute vlog I know a lot of
you have been asking us to make longer
vlogs so I hope you enjoyed today's
episode normally our vlogs are like 12
minutes long I'd say but now this is
like 22 minutes pretty epic but I also
hope you enjoyed today's vlog us looking
over our cards um if you guys did like
today's vlog we would appreciate it if
you hit the like button because we
definitely want to do more cards it's
kind of just bring like we said in the
vlog it's bringing back a lot of
nostalgic memories for us and we want to
go to this card store we want to check
out some of our other friends rare cards
and I actually want to show you guys all
of the rare cards I have I was trying to
look for the little case but I couldn't
find it so if you guys want me to show
up so if you guys want me to show you
all the rare cards I have and the like
and
I'm gonna show them probably tomorrow in
tomorrow's vlog so yeah should put oh
time to cook dinner guys gotta get my
priorities straight comments of the day
we have two comments first comment is
notification fan by Courtney dizzy
stop growling there's no one here um
Thank You Courtney for turning on our
notifications if you guys haven't turned
on notifications for this channel yet
should totally do that if you're on your
phone right now I think you can only do
this on your phone and you're on our
channel just click on our channel click
that bell and you'll be on the
notification fam yeah last but not least
I need a sandwich without bread then
what is that a meat which oh no that's
my family so anyways stay happy because
you can't guys and stay positive too
we don't need no negativity in our life
so keep the positive vibes up on a daily
basis see you back here tomorrow good
bye
go
