morning captain top of the morning to
you folks welcome back to blogs today is
gonna be a good day did you guys watch
yesterday's vlog where we went and
toured this old RV that kind of worked
kinda is the keyword well we were
telling you that we wanted to buy it and
I know all you guys want us to buy this
RV so what do we got we're here with my
friend Benjamin spot we got all the
money's here I don't know if I told you
guys but this RV
what is it 1970s yeah 76 I think and the
only it only has 60,000 miles which i
think is pretty impressive and we got it
for a steal 1,200 bucks
so we got the money here Andrew 600 my
600 let's go make this purchase I am so
excited you this is gonna be insane what
should we do first what should we do
first to the mods Dodge
we got her running so he said we gotta
keep it running for like 15 to 30
minutes before you drive her like shuts
off the middle of the road so yeah that
there's that with any surprises no but
I'm bound to find many surprises in this
thing trying to think what we want to do
obviously we can put like a new sitting
area here cuz there's not much going on
anyways that up here this year as well I
think a table can fit in this little
hole yeah
something going on so then this is for a
refrigerator if we want
there's part of it oh I have them all
that money
well guys I thought I'd never say this
but we are proud owners of an RV in 1976
dodge sportsman is so epic obviously we
got to thank you guys for supporting us
we wouldn't be doing this if it weren't
for you guys we'll come back to watch
but like we mentioned earlier we got so
many epic plans with this and you're
gonna help us so you guys are gonna love
these this like adventure with this RV
yeah we just definitely gotta get it
tuned up because there are a few things
as you can tell that are a little funky
on it but so we definitely have to get
new tires we have to do like that a
little tune-up on the engine yeah the
only thing though is Andrew drove here
in his car but I got to drive this home
I've never driven RV really before let's
hope at least you did the test drive
yesterday certain kind of yeah I guess
I'm kind of used to it but we would let
it warm up so we're gonna drive it home
what is it that
is it okay it's barely warm are you
serious
temperature it's like barely barely
we're testing out the stereo I don't
know if you guys can hear it but
that is full volume folks there we go we
may have a situation here guys if it
rains
guys come on wipers why don't they turn
uh-oh
let's hope it don't rain anytime soon
he says he thought he saw something was
disconnected
these seat builds are pretty interesting
already I guess I'll get in my car okay
all right guys I think it's time to hit
the road we're gonna bring this back
house and let's see how it drives on the
road there we go got it and drive now
obviously I'm not gonna be filming too
much wrong driving because this is the
first time
all right we're gonna take it slow today
guys
Oh Great Scott guys well I'm still
driving doing pretty well uh still
trying to figure this thing out it
definitely needs a tune-up man this
thing is funny
it likes to stall a lot but the
temperature also has not gone up so not
sure how Oh see we just solid boys
well it won't start now folks all right
let's put its impart
Oh No hear that
yo we weren't lying when we said this
meeting thing needed a tune-up so we're
trying to figure out right now obviously
we're at the intersection not fully sure
I think it needs like because it had to
keep on being restarted and stalling I
think the batteries drain so I think it
needs like a start a jump but this is
like not like a major intersection but
try and the steering wheel is kind of
locked up I can't turn alright so we got
the engine open we're just gonna get a
uh a battery restart hoping for yes this
adventure is starting out just perfect
yep see Vizard this is the type
adventures you're gonna get with this
bad boys jumper cables Nick came I'm
gonna connect these two this should be
back up and running
hopefully
here we are
all right there
all right
oh that's how it's done
high-five eight high five
all right - don't fail us now
guys we made it a grand total of like oh
yeah this thing definitely needs a
tune-up if we're gonna go in on
adventures guys we first of all we need
a name for this thing and please leave a
like the help of Nick how do you feel
about this
it needs a tune-up yep yeah adventures
in it both okay yeah but we knew it
needed a tune-up so that's all right we
knew that they were so cheap
all right y'all it's time to do some
cleaning comes pre-installed with cool
um yeah we got a big old trash bag yeah
someone run as we're cleaning out what
sort of surprises we're gonna find any
treasure and you know hoping rare sir
found a few matches the first treasure
yep this drawers full of presents we got
an RV carbon monoxide alarm and then a
bunch of Lights this guy's way can you
see that see it turns on see I'm not
sure what's going on over here but they
get these cooking pans they definitely
have a lot of cabinets I thought there'd
be something here no one now check out
the bathroom
the air freshener we got toilet paper Oh
half of a vacuum and bleach and who's
gonna be the first one to take a poo in
the toilet not me
I also noticed that the glove box has a
few presence we got two tools oh we got
some axe it could smell kind of good in
here so I'm cleaning out the cabinets
and I notice on this one is a bit
peculiar there's like little locks up
here one on this high - sorry undid it
and then it folds this whole cabinet
here pull your side folds down and I
don't know is this like an another bed
this is like a storage like you got to
get something really big in there yeah
you don't want to climb up there and see
no somebody's on the roof Oh looks like
it's dirty up here mate promise look at
the Stars you come up here oh yeah
that'd be epic also in one of the
cabinets found these speakers so this
was hanging up somewhere but these
probably aren't that good
yeah Turkey oh it does hold two people
up here in case the ground gets flooded
yeah we can go to higher ground this
solar panel is convenient somebody help
escape oh that's what that's for
I know it's kind of hard to see the
vision for this because I mean like
stuff like this and the carpet all torn
up but trust us have you guys seen that
show with chip and Joanna Gaines yeah I
called I don't remember or the property
brothers
they take really bad looking pieces of
property and tournament as something
beautiful
so don't doubt us yeah I mean we hear
your concerns about this going literally
just about anywhere and shutting down
but that's why we're gonna have a
mechanic do his best job and get it
running so we don't have any problems
and once we get a mechanic whoa well we
won't just go straight to the mountains
we'll do some tests around the city
right make sure that okay what around
our first guest come on in welcome so
how do you like the seat um dad I don't
think oh that one moves there you go ah
well guys this is the end of the vlog so
thanks for watching and if you enjoyed
it remember you have it alike I'm just
so excited to see what we can do with
this RV I know a lot of you are saying
that we should get a different one
because this one just looks kind of
junky which I get yeah
but it's like the nicer ones they cost
more money so this way I think we can
just have more fun as long as we can get
the engine running properly so there's
no problems it should be fun and we'll
see you back here tomorrow
