well good morning everybody and welcome
back to vlogs good to have you here
what's happening today andrew bubble
balls yes we're doing Bubble balls but
as you can see in the title we're going
to try some helium bubble ball stuff
today
sounds like so much fun Andra had a
brilliant idea why don't you tell them
what you had in mind involving the
helium well some of you actually wrote
some comments too I don't know if this
is what you meant but this is what we're
gonna do we're gonna fill these up with
helium and see what happens obviously
we're not gonna float away these are
like way too heavy and stuff so we're
gonna see though I feel like this is
just my guess that if we're if these are
fully inflated with helium and we ran
into each other we might like not full
so hard I don't know something of the
swords I don't know science guys we'll
see what happens we're going to go to
party city because we called them and
they said yeah we might be able to fill
it up so we'll see how much it costs
otherwise we're gonna try it maybe fire
on tank or something so let's go
hi all right I called earlier about
potentially seeing if you guys could
fill this stuff up helium helium so I
think we were right there aren't able to
fill it up with a helium but look what
we found we can make something work loon
time jumbo helium tank yes sure how many
of these you need to fill up this we can
at least try right we're gonna try we've
been waiting for Aaron to come over
because he's going to do bubble ball
with us again Andrew and I created a new
game where you have to put objects on
the table and if they miss or hit an
object you get to put another object on
your side so say Andrew misses then I
get to put anything I want on here on my
side and when he serves if he hits that
I get to put another object down I get a
point so whoever has the most objects on
the table by the end whoever has 21
objects wins yeah make sense we have
arrived at Cottonwood Park and again mr.
looks like it's a gonna storm oh that's
ok oh wow very light as well by the way
kids if you're below the age of
supervision you need supervision so yeah
whatever I just said just know you need
supervision okay says kids warning don't
just go by this safety first
this is under 8 so we'll go with that
age
butch is Wow careful okay use your
brains oh there we go that's it
so Andrew just bought some balloons well
they're in here
let's do a test balloon everybody also
the other tip is you're really not
supposed to inhale helium from a tank
because it's like shooting out and you
don't want that so if you're gonna do
helium put it on a balloon don't inhale
it from tank okay guys
alright alright
we get the point should I test if it's
actually helium yeah it could be a scam
ah okay
yes it's helium everybody we are in
business now let's see if we can hook it
up to this thing and maybe it'll work
wow that's good helium this is lasting a
long time not kidding holy cow
okay guys it is Ethan that is some
potent helium dude potent oh my goodness
but now we're going to try this oh how
is this gonna work it does and we
recommend whenever you are if you ever
try helium from the balloons don't do
just constantly don't do it constantly
because it's really bad for your brain
so just take breaks have fun and be safe
now andrew is taping this so we don't
want to lose any helium in the process
yeah we want to make this work not sure
what's gonna happen but we're here
trying it out where science men I was
about to say that we're scientists Oh
trying a new theory we thought up in the
lab here's the moment of truth is this
going to work
getting bigger okay well up well I don't
know how much is in this tank but we're
testing it is inflating the less the
powerful thing doesn't look like it's
staying inflated like it's leaving from
somewhere yeah he's been doing this for
about 20 minutes now
just kidding me I can feel it like
getting bigger than when I stop it's
like goodbye helium is actually a type
of gas that escapes from Earth what
that's true
I am science thankfully Andrews car has
ease I work yeah did you just do it
what hey guys I just okay wow this is
crazy all the air is escaping dude
yeah you can feel it running out oh wow
that's fun guys this so the Andrews car
I don't know this might be too powerful
it's 120 volts that one over there I
feel no cord area to plug this in a sock
in it didn't work what what are we gonna
do
found an out leg guys got the pump now I
just have one more and then we'll go to
the hill over there yes looking good
fella's what you said bumper buddies you
guys are bumper buddies does the thunder
and lightning hasn't reached us yet so I
think we're all good found this perfect
hill pretty big so got the helium - we
want to make it funny by having helium
balloons when we roll down the hills
come on guys
andrew is going first if he could get in
hey why is this so much fun
now time to get some Andrews Emilia is
it warm in there guys it's not bad
here's your balloon Thanks go oh my gosh
oh so good perfect
she went all the way down I know we
should try just one cuz I'm gonna go
next I'm gonna just try one bubble ball
so probably the blue one and then what
after hit your CC which yeah I fell up a
balloon for Justin okay here we go
it was great these people are just
rolling just by themselves I'm stuck in
here Oh what are you talking crap to me
boy yeah I'm ready to battle you you've
been making me mad well come get me and
kid yet oh the lost by wall what I moved
with a girl my brothel
against you know he's a starter but
their real scoring was perfection
Mandy has not led tonight chance to grab
it here the ball handling skills Napier
make here listen Krejci
wreck-it Ralph look time for your daily
bubble collision go there's so many
bunnies right here baby baby bunnies aah
ok so we've been having a lot of fun out
here right now
okay now we're going to try Aaron's
going to stand right here and push the
balls down the hill now we have to jump
over the Indiana Jones stuff who's
excited me okay we're ready for you now
why
what I powder
and I'm Mario back
ah
why I'm not sure what other different
things we can do on the hill I guess
there's my turn to do an interview but I
mean it's been really fun this is the
Aaron sandwich
today is a sad day but happy day for
Buford sad because last night he and I
were playing tug of war and his rabbit
got torn in half so here's his head so
that's the sad part the happy part is
Buford you got a new toy
you have scoop this is Martha Stewart's
pets square squirrel he makes a weird
week ha he's getting so excited he's
gonna be forget his new favorite toy
that's gonna be gone two minutes we'll
keep you updated also do you guys like
my new t-shirt born in the 90s because
that's me I was born in the 90s so they
wanted me to buy this that's why they
made it yeah they made it for me because
I was born in the 90s anybody today I
did I bought today and I really liked it
so I wanted to wear it that's my shirt
and new shorts man these are so comfy -
they're loungewear that's it for now ok
that supposed to be a secret oh that was
fun what did you think about it
I thought it was fun I just wish we
could have got the helium template the
whole ball and a little bit funny but we
should get an M mine yeah we should but
if you guys like this please leave a
thumbs up video and we're going to be
doing more bubble on videos obviously we
already have another one that we kind of
want to do so it's going to be happening
soon so leave a like let's get this to 9
thousand likes and walk both the bulb
all videos sure the later I guess yeah
thanks for these comments by the way
guys we love these comments do you like
this comment by the way I feel like this
one better
Oh
and plus sign my opinion yeah I guess
we'll see you guys tomorrow or next time
all right bye
have a good one he's rich hold on
Oh
