Wow is up guys welcome back to vlogs I
almost fell down this ramp I was falling
but we're here in Manitou Springs again
because we're trying to see if graffiti
Falls is open if you guys remember a
couple I don't know there's like a month
ago two months ago I remember but we
were down here and this place was closed
and they said they're going to be open
mid to late July so we're down here
taking a look and there's a gym up here
and it's Red Team Valley
we're hunting those pokemons there's a
gym right up here so let's go take a
look there's like acquisition bats
nearby come on we don't want those
we have to jump over the water I keep
slipping these being rocks
Wow
upcoming meeting across
these racks
dang it take them forever to fix this
bridge because they won't let you go
past it it was a construction area
that's really annoying
we just want to go to graffiti balls but
if I can get this gym is not many people
come back here it's hard to get over the
hip we got to get this gym guys
we got to get up there that's the gym
how close are we
look there's red up there all right
sandwich
Jesus what is that the manky Great Scott
Alan tink how are we gonna get to the
gym we're not close enough not fully
dang
we should have to get a little closer
Paul we sneak up over this Ridge but
don't yell hey guys I'm catching
pok√©mon you have to I literally be on
the bridge like at the top of the hill
oh come on
that was a fail that gym would be a
great one to have because no one's going
to be able to take it over but I guess
the challenge now is how do we get down
maybe if you go that way and then cut
down towards the ramp okay so I just
caught somebody
I'm here 5:37 I was 501 ah but still
he's better than the other one I had by
a long shot
yeah so at least we came up here for
something
I just put somebody in this gym
there I am and for some reason just and
thinks he can take him over Yeah right
you're trying to take over my base you
just got this ringing this is my base oh
yeah you thought you could beat me dork
slowpokes gonna kill you I'm gonna hit
you you just took over my base and I put
mr. krabs in who sucks thanks a lot guys
it's okay you're in your dumb looking
crab for driver a Manitou now and
there's a lot of pokey stops with lures
on them and
I didn't realize this before but I
wanted to point it out at this dadgum
floppy fish Maggie carp you need four
hundred candies to evolve him he four
hundred that'd be very good that's gonna
take forever cuz you only get like three
each time you catch one I've only seen
two this whole time where we had it now
gold Camp Road Helen Hunt Falls area is
there anything special about gold Camp
Road that maybe the viewers should know
yeah gold Camp Road is apparently a
haunted Road back in the day isn't
tunnels a bunch of tunnels that collapse
on like a bus or something
so we're going to go up there see if
there's any ghost Pokemon what yeah it's
an experiment we'll see if it works okay
on our way to gold Camp Road we came
across this yellow gym and since I'm
team blue and he's team red we're gonna
take down this gym together yes click it
at the same time well I'm gonna go with
big chub to one what the I see you I see
you
how are you battling him because we're
doing a team I've never done this before
me either
that's why it's awesome come on chubby
yay
what okay so now we will do at this aint
wait who is that
hey Dad I didn't click this who is this
guy that's not you or me who did that
that was so fast we just beat it what
happened last time but Lisa I'm pissed I
think it was that boy
who stole the gym for me yeah I'm
filming you oh yay
no service
I don't think it's up there but let's go
this way see what happens
super narrow guys the Haunted part is in
the tunnels but it doesn't really say
how far until you get to a tunnel never
mind we turned around went back to the
parking lot here because that road goes
forever we just need a little bit more
time to go explore the tunnels no idea
where this is also if you know how to
get there
let us know what does of use Google when
we have service please load
there's tons of rares up here yay it
loaded so we're gonna walk up this trail
hopefully catch them you too nothing too
special up here for Pokemon there's a
pokey stop right where we came in
that's about it there's a waterfall over
there okay we're gonna walk up this way
to see if there's any cool views but the
road just keeps going and yeah there's
the start of the waterfall I don't you
can really see it but yeah it's a cool
view like if you were kept walking okay
I like a walk what about it it's just
it's cool scenery like with the
mountains and stuff true so they're
getting a special edition in today's
episode this is the waterfall we were
talking about Helen Hunt Falls which is
pretty cool I haven't been up here 4,000
kids okay we'll be back don't we ever
remember being here if you need to go
the bathroom don't worry blue bags do
you need one
Wow
holy-o's water down there we could slide
down this what would be wild
not bad nature's cool I think that's the
best part of the falls is right here I
don't know by the way a hippo hiking for
hours this is the where are you from
Matt Wow someone was from all the way up
here I find it hard to believe
yeah right that's pretty cool here's a
spot where you can play in the water I
did bring my swimsuit
you brought your swimsuit well I was
already in my car oh yeah I get I guess
you could go swimming in that you can't
have a towel
hey dear or whatever who's that Pokemon
what are you come back here oh sorry
stones behind it oh very sorry about
that on our way back down the Colorado
Springs we stopped at the zoo here and
let me just say there are so many
Pokemon Adventures we can do at the zoo
what oh look at my radar just look at it
we're in the parking lot all this is
inside the zoo are you kidding me
there's already two gyms battles going
on leather the kiddies are going in
leave a like and a comment saying yes
zoo snacks if you want us to do Pokemon
in the zoo it'd be so funny because then
you can see like the Pokemon in the zoo
we're like with the animals yeah that's
not hilarious but look there's a
Magikarp nearby but yeah unfortunately
we can't go to the zoo today so yeah I
leave a comment what was the comment
saying
yeah yes Zeus axe yes zoo snacks yay to
raise only a level 17 yeah wow you're
dang it 1% closer to hot dang it
this guy i renamed to l garbage because
he does zero damage oops here's the
Broadmoor this is where we got kicked
out basically and telling us if we come
back playing Pokemon they're going to
call the cops
it's funny because when we're driving by
we can see along the Pokemon app all
these gyms that are under attack right
now there's Pokemon stops with lures on
them it's like there's no way they can
crack down everyone playing on their
phones they said they're trying to call
the Pokemon people to get it off all the
fobs off their location yeah they
haven't obviously not I mean look at
that there's still tons of cool places
to go I've been saving a couple evolves
to do on Pokemon so I could film them
that's what I'm gonna do first is turn
on a lucky egg this is my last one so
game do not freeze I think people are
protesting up here what oh yeah protest
we will film this rolling down the
window
this is too heavy of a topic to discuss
in today's vlog yeah we are actually
gonna do this guy is it better to
upgrade your guy and then evolve them or
evolve and then upgrade them so I don't
really know what to do
yes I'll just upgrade him been evolving
oh so he turns into wow what UCP gonna
be high or low I hope very high I can't
see it dude get down 1030 what yeah now
I heard somewhere in we watched a video
about it
the Eevee's if you rename them to what
their trainers are in the Pokemon show
it'll correspond to what they'll evolve
into so I guess we'll try that I renamed
him Sparky because I think that's the
electric one we'll see if it works
we want to prove this theory right yes
what we worked I have all of them 995
what we'll just power them up right away
yay 1000 we're waiting for Mary to come
pick me up at the shops of our gate
because we are headed to Denver
now I'll tell you guys why in a few
minutes it's about to rain it's storming
out like crazy out here it was hotter
earlier and now this came it's like
every afternoon it seems to rain which
that's okay I guess rich man lifestyle
guys rich man that's some area I Garrett
died so the reason Mary and I are going
to Denver today is because we're going
to the Museum of Nature and Science
but it's a fun event because I don't
even know where to begin
I guess I'll start with Lockheed as you
guys know Mary works at Lockheed and
Lockheed was part of this probe or
satellite that sent into space called
Juno and the satellite is just getting
to Jupiter
so they got hit by orbiting kids
orbiting it okay five years wow that's a
long time so it's orbiting Jupiter now
and I guess they're doing a presentation
at the museum just kind of talking about
Jupiter and they're gonna like show
stuff do you need in the journey to
Jupiter's hours well Oh
yeah that's a cool yeah you should be in
charge of these toilets give this woman
a raise and since we both really like
space it's going to be a fun little date
date this is a date right no no don't
turn around
gone should definitely check out the
museum and it's raining so yeh traffic
here we are it's a museum a little dated
well that's cool at the Discovery Zone
the science lounge me there's all these
things oh why did you bitter noon I'll
run do that how do we do that we're IMAX
where I don't know where the snacks are
IMAX and there's different things to do
throughout the day alright we're looking
around because it doesn't start for like
15 more minutes
oh I know they're awesome
kind of creepy though yeah
guys there's a rat in the cage
get out of there no angry rats at the
museum that's right
you're welcome walrus this is Juno
Jupiter Joaquin yes we keep seeing
people food and we're trying to figure
out where it's at these people all have
food so we're going down there oh heck
yes great the meatballs are all gone
really they're getting them back where
are the refills
yes now it's time for IMAX we're going
in I hope we can get a seat Ethan
welcome um is this anyone's first time
to science lunch the bachelors in
aerospace engineering
he's been at my home for eight years and
he currently works on the Juno mission
and Maracana thermal the thermal system
is using electric power to keep the
spacecraft from getting too cold so it
actually uses more than half of it that
was an awesome presentation I love
listening to science and NASA employees
walking employees but that was really
cool because they were talking about how
long the spaceship they have three
astronauts there's three little Legos
that they put on there as their extra
funds telescopes level four let's go
this is awesome up here you got a nice
view downtown Mountains sunset oh man
there's a telescope or waiting in line
did you see it
this was looking at Jupiter so cool yeah
have a station down here where you can
create your own alien
so you get to use this model magic like
clay I got white and yellow let's see
what we can make
finisher aliens mister with yours
duck mermaid octopus Hey Wow
so what do you call that duck a dimmer
 I made a snake he's a slippery
little snake he's a unique one because
he's an alien
he's got four like little arms and then
he's got a twirl
so there's duck and snake well that's it
for the museum
did you have a fun time yeah I learned a
lot yeah me too I just love science our
space some sciences aren't that cool
well that's the end of the video thanks
so much for watching I hope you were
entertained and before it ends let's do
comment of the day my mom loves survivor
that's awesome because we do too I love
you guys
thanks Jonathan we love you guys too
we're working on a cool vlog for today
so you guys gonna be very excited for
tomorrow now let's see you then alright
please
