well good morning everybody welcome back
to blogs I look like a maniac right now
I haven't shaved my facial hair and like
the longest time I don't know what I'm
doing mean ager also ordered these
survivor headbands because we're gonna
make a video with them that's pretty
comfortable and pretty cool but anyways
as you can tell I'm not at the house
right now our apartment we are up at the
cabin
I feel filmed a few vlogs up here but
we're back up here Brittney and I and
Britney's parents it's gonna be a fun
little day today alright now it's 8 a.m.
we got some breakfast going we got eggs
Daisy
we brought days yep what up and dad is
out here cooking some bacon oh wow
that's right to go go you brother yes we
love come up to the cabin because it's
just a nice place to get away because
there's no surface up here this is the
only thing technology really that we use
phones don't even work so it's it's nice
just come up here and get a break from
the world really so today this is what
we're going to be going adventuring on
and this like the coolest thing but
check it out you can put your phone here
it goes up to 120 I think he said this
is like 110 horsepower it's got the nice
custom seats cool color these little
doors cupholder excited to ride bread
ready this is gonna be very fast ride
thank God you got a helmet I know right
let's go the bugs and mud yeah I got
that off
yay
they're to the top of this mountain
Peters so beautiful taking the pictures
Wow
I seriously love finding abandoned
places houses just in the middle of
nowhere this whole house is just I don't
know why someone built it here but it's
abandoned spend you for a really long
time
Wow this is just crazy this area's just
turned into like a garden pretty much
weeds would be cool to find something in
here like a old object of sorts so
pretty status saying this is like
probably 150 years old
what like a small door entryway right
here a lot of flies love this area too
there's a tire back in the day they just
may it's like a log log cabin well that
was a blast now it's time for some free
lunch about burgers clicking chips salsa
walk daisies chillin
watching Red Dawn this movie is so good
if you guys haven't seen it yet should
check out Britney just made her famous
dessert what does this call Brent guys I
wish I could share this with you but I
can't so we made it back down to the
springs got all changed I actually got a
haircut finally my hair's getting
calibrated we're spending the evening
hang out with Tyler and Becca yeah
we just did a wine tasting over there
which is really fun and probably go
getting dinner tonight but we're done
and managed to right now by the way
Manitou has the best Pokemon goes
thoughts literally i driving in I gave
my phone to Brittany she comes she she
and she caught a squirtle and then I
caught that yellow duck thing I don't
care I yes I'm a Pokemon new but
it's peak no just look at all the cool
rides I hear those are like all vintage
too Justin's gonna ride the rocket ship
well Tyler you can go in quick you still
got time put button first yeah you're
still writing it I'm not sure how old
this whole area is but it's there's just
rides everywhere do you know how old
this place is
1962 dang cool take it I always keep all
machines right
well you heard it here first folks 1962
yep these are definitely old so here is
the one Britney caught while I was
driving I haven't seen these at all
anywhere so I'm so stoked so we have an
eighth and dinner yet so we're here at
salsa Brava the best Mexican it's like
my favorite place so excited it's like
8:00 p.m. right now starving food has
arrived yay
it's it's so good right
famous actor pitching hooker
you're what Britney's playing Pokemon go
to guys yeah squad goals level three
holy oh so it's about 9 p.m. now
Brittany and I are just looking around
for Pokemon trying to find new
characters can't beat this gym so it's
kind of pointless and Brits just trying
to upgrade because she's level what are
you 5 I'm only 303 well you just started
so you're trying to get better so we
were like driving around trying to find
stuff it's pretty fun so far what do you
think about it so far Brett this is like
the best date night I've ever had what
I'm okay I don't know if this is gonna
be good or not by your side film to make
sure if it's epic or dumb yeah I don't
have that guy yeah 3:46 look oh cool
that is it for the vlog today guys I
literally had the hardest time picking a
comment of the day there's way too many
comments and like all of you guys left
so many good ideas for the next bubble
ball video which we will be doing very
soon and another Pokemon video so just
hold your horses
this card did make me laugh though you
should cook a spaghetti and meatball
inside your bubble I'll hashtag cool
I've got two likes I guess we can do
that if you really want but other than
that guys enjoy the rest of your day
whenever you're watching this
stay happy and do something loving for
somebody else today whatever that means
to you see you next time good bye
