good morning everybody welcome back to
vlogs Andrew we're a target right now
you know exactly why we're at Target why
cuz we're doing another bubble video but
what do we need pool toys of the sorts
because we're going to the pool a lot of
you guys left a bunch of comments like
these telling us to the pool so we said
okay we will do that for you guys also
one more thing we are desperate for what
a pump for the balls let's hope we can
find one because we are tired of blowing
it up with our mouths it takes 30
minutes every time thanks for leaving
this many likes last vlog you guys keep
/ cheating expectations so thank you
guys now where is the pool toys there
squirt guns Andrew what's this Bosch h2o
ball no guys this is the whole aisle
full of pool adventures man this is
gonna be fun but what do we want
what does that suck up then go rawr is
the worst toy you could scare some peeps
at the pool I think this is a real shark
oh yeah
whoa there's a whole place that they
have a few of these I was telling Andrew
it'd be funny to blow this up and put it
on the pool or this a pool inside of a
pool I just wish they had a donut yeah a
creamsicle
guys it's a donut I just saw that and
got so happy for you ow it's so cool you
can float around in a donut there's two
different flavors and a watermelon we
got to the pool we have bought two
different pool toys for today's episode
this is like an underwater skateboard I
think it like floats on the water so
we'll try and do some like tricks with
this which should be fun we got the
bubble balls here which we have to blow
up but this time we had to buy this to
solve the 30 minute blow-up dilemma this
hopefully will get the job done in like
a minute
and Andrew do you want to show everybody
what you had to buy yes is a need not a
one
oh yes know how I can lie if you have
needs and once yes now I need the pink
one and we can be the donut sisters you
need that okay you tell them about
target yet nope you can't well the
reason why we stopped walking target was
because we got asked to stop filming in
target just for making blogs it was kind
of random I just said stop filming
are you filming here yeah we're just
doing a vlog like filming ourselves you
can't be doing that
quick okay but oh well I never liked
target wow dude that looks so cool
thanks flayed and boxy man this is so
fun okay our world has just been altered
check this watch how fast the Bubble
Ball inflates
earlier because I don't know here's the
pool and lots of babies have just
arrived wet they're pumped up now we are
ready to go or trying out the new
underwater skateboard guys I don't want
to try I'm going to do a caveman into
the pool okay okay Wow I'm trying to
figure it out now you're doing tricks no
that's a weapon did you guys see yet
maybe the skateboard hit an angel who is
funny danger say this is a 360 Bambino
whoa oh man
sorry we haven't got on the bubble balls
yet guys there's way too many kids in
there so we kind of waiting for it to
slow down time for bubble balls floating
in there ah crap weather's getting bad
unfortunately it's like your own little
spaceship
little kid just has to be compared but
sorry this is for big knees it might
start raining soon but that's okay
because we're playing with bubble balls
that's the way this is the human
basketball
so I just came up with a challenge for
Andrew he has to jump from here and try
and land on it and not fall off will he
be able to do this get your ball bro ah
you maniac oh that balls in the pool now
don't fall off like so
give us the highest jump you can look so
dumb I want to try and roll Andrew off
this might work might not don't know
just get in there Wow
I don't know yeah in hey hey now I'm a
pushy
Oh looks like we have the pool all to
ourselves
since everybody left they saw the storm
and we're like oh no guys don't play on
thunderstorms the lightning and stuff
isn't here yet so that's why we haven't
left but once it starts arriving
yeah Andrews got his donut life is
better when you're floating in a donut
if I have a funny addition to bubble
balls right yes yeah put the donut on
that and you have to get on it and not
fall you have to be the king
oh and then after will maybe stack this
one on that maniac it's gonna fall you
can't do that I believe you won't fall
just use your balance skills don't know
what of the funny watching you do that
this is called the double stack toaster
strudel I can do it though that'd be
epic I give you a one percent chance of
landing this this is called the bubble
breaker for some reason George over here
thinks he can juggle both the balls
well I think that's it for Bubble Ball
in the pool it's ah the storm is
approaching I don't think there's many
other things you can do
yeah we're trying to think of everything
we're looking at all your guys's
comments to see what the next bubble
ball video is going to be about so be
sure to leave some ideas in the comments
of this video I think it wouldn't be
funny if we had a boat and attached it
to this I mean I touched this to the
boat and got pulled around so this is
like a flotation device we get pulled
around the lake Oh fun yeah
if that's your comment then we may do it
also do you guys watch the stranger
things cuz we do it just came out on
Netflix yeah it's on Netflix I just
wanted to bring that up because I
thought it was a cool show and yeah
really cool it's scary but yeah if you
watch it with your thoughts um yeah
let's uh let's get out okay well les end
of the video stop dancing okay I'm
adjusting my head okay that makes sense
we can't wait to do more Bubble Ball
videos for you guys almost tiring for
some reason I don't know plus my eyes
are from getting chlorine water and I
did do that and I smell like chlorine
nonsense great vibes or be pissed
we'll see you guys tomorrow we filmed
that new prank today as well so that'll
be up tomorrow onwards no surprises Oh
any other news announcements I love this
comment yeah and this one well see a
collab coming soon more fun videos
coming soon yeah so stick around I know
Chet and have a good night or morning
war way or afternoon bye
tell you to leave me alone
