yo welcome back to vlog hey everyone
as you know me thanks we're gonna need
it because well right what is that
that's a half pipe Oh hopefully doesn't
rain
but guys I don't know it doesn't look
too bad but you guys left this many
likes on our last bubble ball video
which exceeded our expectations so we
have to do what we said we were going to
do Bubble Ball verse the half pipe and
these are pretty big half pipes kind of
scared yeah sorry brought a helmet just
to be safe and Aaron's here hey we're
gonna do a bubble bowl yeah yay
take a look we we fit both bubble balls
back here but we had to deflate them so
that's the only sucky part yeah blowing
back up and that takes forever oh whoa
calm down man sorry ah I did the wrong
one guys I'm gonna time this guys so you
can see really just how long this is
gonna take all right well show you
Andrews multitask
we're back at Memorial Park skate park
we actually have never been here it's a
pretty cool park pretty huge - it goes
from all the way over there over there
then they got these two half pipes which
we will be attacking today pretty cool
and Tanner Fox is desperate to come here
yeah this is a cool zone by the way we
will be collabing with him soon any of
you guys know Tanner it'll be fun right
what's happening in so we have Fox 21
news here don't know why hey men huh
Andrew why don't you try some scooter
tricks why haven't we ever tried
scootering because I don't have a
scooter where did I what do you even get
these I used to have a razor scooter and
I could do pretty cool jumps maybe we'll
have to bring a scooter here and try it
out hey guys hey thanks for watching the
videos we just got pictures with all of
them and they want to be in the vlog so
we said yes yes yeah anything you want
to say to the camera I think I'd work a
beautiful
they got the remix ice-cream-truck going
after 25 minutes they are blown up yay
now let's get to the half pipe this
looks intense oh wow he's good by the
way and thank goodness he has his
protection co tol this is way up there
we made it and it's a super hot out here
super hot but we're letting these guys
get there running is this ground hot
ball gonna melt
I don't know it's hot but I don't know
if it'll melt that was luck you should
join ah yeah what Kindred's uh getting
the drones set up here should of' echo
we don't know
I like that quote okay I'm going first
you're falling down okay ready
your first saw okay get the straps on Oh
silly man there you go
top half success bottom half lift
feet higher I can't hire Andrew how
ready are you all right he's gonna roll
off ready are you ready
all right Dan Drew's turn put your hands
on the strap get one hand on the straps
to stay in
Aaron's turn turn
he this is the first time being in a
bubble ball right before Aaron's first
time I'm impressed going off the ramp
are you ready I guess they need to make
one of like a bigger
jeez this is very high kind of scary too
it's like I don't even know if this
would be possible no I wouldn't do that
this is like a straight drop you're not
going to hit the ramp until down there
yeah and they have this curved part up
here but what if you fly off the hedge
this bro he's gonna try it the halfpipe
are you nervous for him oh my yeah well
I like my feet won't be just push put
your feet up against the edge like this
yeah man this is crazy
hey Andrew he's about to go Andrew he's
rich hold on
Oh
my
lazy okay
this code got a little stuck when I was
good that means he didn't fall out
thousand ten but Andrew got the drill
how was it right there round of applause
well that was intense but now it's time
for a quick bubble battle between me and
Aaron on the halfpipe let's do this the
bubble challenge
although balls are so fun how hot is it
out iron oh let's see
88 degrees right now
but inside the halfpipe is probably like
a hundred why does my phone say it's
only 70 cloudy right and then in the
ball add another 10 degrees yeah 88 plus
all Sun bubble ball inside half pipe
ouch at least a hundred would you what
drink did you say you just need hot
chocolates so bad we need hot chocolate
ASAP guys I need a hot Jacuzzi hot so
Justin's just gonna slide down the
halfpipe and if it doesn't blow up but
see they made a flight for us yeah since
Russia kind of hoping it does blow up
because it'd be really funny for Aaron
and I watching and you guys watching so
yeah I guess it would be but it I don't
want to okay we'll see at the top you're
ready put the bubble ball on so weird
you're going so fast I know that's funny
do you want to try it in my ball no oh
it's hot out here guys
time for your daily cook bubble collide
with Aaron and Andrew go
ah
Andrews daily collision with Bubble Ball
we haven't had anything to drink so we
just went to sprouts and just got some
drinks from this infringing I never
tried it before
iced back key back by child
I got a mango coconut drink Bing Bing
all right let's all try our drinks
together okay see how good it is I
smells good
mine smells very good doesn't smell good
not even oh okay mmm that's good
hey I was gonna say that ah sandwich why
would you even say that
ah I also got this for no reason wanted
to try it
Blackwater what does that mean though
tell them because they don't know though
it says there's a trace minerals in here
fulvic trace minerals whatever that
means that means that just grind it up
rocks and put in there back at my house
now and s end of the vlog we really
appreciate dancing I don't know what
you're doing but yeah we appreciate you
guys watching the video what did we want
to tell them well it seems like you guys
are enjoying the bubble ball video
series so since you was it you keep
going oh we're going on oh we are going
to do something for next bubble ball
video get this blog to 8,000 likes which
you should be able to do cuz laugh alone
you guys yeah you guys did well but if
this gives 8,000 likes then we're going
to take one of your comments and just do
something at this pure nuts maybe
maybe even a few comments we already
went oh yeah we've been screen shouting
your comments and we're going to do a
compilation of sorts and if you find one
that's just you know above all the rest
that will be done yeah I hope you liked
today's video thanks for coming back
yeah so but you know we like to end the
vlog with comments of the day so why
don't we start things off with what if
watermelons had legs that would be the
funniest oh just think about that for a
second
you were just thinking about that if you
know like just think about it watermelon
running around whoa you'd have to kill
catch it yeah that'd be cool if
watermelons were like creatures you had
to catch it like with Nets yeah
anyway thousand funny comments no next
comment is I'm trying to evolve my j stu
studios but i have no idea what it
evolves into i can't figure that out it
might be a rare and if you don't know
what a rehren is that's a rare in a rare
Aaron but um you don't know so yeah
we've trying to evolve we haven't done
it either so yeah that's it guys leave
any comment you guys want some ideas
funny comment and we'll see you back
here tomorrow
fire ba bye guys
have fun out there stay safe oh and love
yourself love yourself love others bye
yeah
