what's up guys welcome back Andrew and I
are here with the wifey's Brittany swag
marry me right we all oh hi we're super
excited today because color springs has
been growing a lot lately they've been
building a new like shops and
attractions and one of the attractions
just opened up recently actually and
here it is indoor kart racing what's
different about this one Andrew than all
the other car places first off the bad
this was two stories never seen that
before and it's new I think the main
difference is that they're it's a
two-story Raceway
and they're very fast we're meeting the
fellows here Josh asked
she's so cool we're next
go bald and II married Brits too nice
moment the whole black guys there's jesh
you better win Jess
my
yeah
trying to find our carts now what number
are you injured six I thought I'm nine
you're back there
haha yeah he's a really cool car like
really nice design
yay we finished how'd you do now a
second these are really cool because
they like drift did you notice that like
every every turn you can literally drift
with these type of tires I don't know
what they're they're so fun because the
track yeah that might be a too
final results that was super fun he's on
the track
he's racing he's awesome looks like a
maniac racing hopefully he'll do
something crazy when he comes around
she's got the backwards now see the only
downside was this kept happening like
every lap people kept skidding out
running into wall so we didn't actually
get to like do like a full lap
go-carting was a blast aside from
getting stopped in the middle of the
laps and having to wait for other people
to flip around it was still really fun
but now Brittany and I are going on a
day and look at how stunning my wife is
no this dress your hair this is probably
not have any videos thank you and some
potato with no sorry don't jump on me
but I know you're excited everyone else
wants to give you potatoes in the
comments we've seen him park in the
parking garage now time to go down and
find the restaurant just down here the
other day downtown Colorado Springs yes
we got some tableside guacamole chips
and salsa to start
it's almost gone and guitar man is
playing
yeah man can't really hear it but yeah
Buddha's just arrived I got the carne
asada plate looks fabulous what'd you
get
hey guys the carne asada tacos the beans
just look very questionable but they
know what it does look kind of weird but
it's probably gonna be good a clean
plate club come to the conclusion that
this is the worst parking garage ever
wait is that this know cuz beat it they
didn't give us ticket when we I don't
know how even got in here but there's
gates and I felt just like I don't know
how we're gonna get out of here and
here's the problem like we don't know
Florida okay it says exit this way let's
show you guys how simple this is exit
okay we turn now exit left okay where's
the exit
this is an exit so it's must be at this
garage door I just realized that it's
this garage door well then how to make
it out of here I closed the garage ah
now we're back where we started
yeah this is where we started oh my gosh
so here's where we came in this thing I
put the credit card in here click ticket
that this ticket never came out
and how on earth are you supposed to get
out of here this is the exit there's a
thing here okay what do you put anything
we did it guys
I was following that van that was the
only way out oh oh my god like free
parking but that was like hurricane
center five cents here but they have the
worst how to get out of there
thanks van I thought you grabbed a
ticket I there was no ticket this is
just been a confusing night here but
we've made it out safely everybody
that's like the one confusing thing we
have it's been a good night
prove that we're gonna try something
that we got in the mail
it is a game king of cars are you a king
of cars I am now let's win cut three
matching Oh each under each tab is a car
I know possibly three matching cars in a
row equals you win okay these
enterprises Wow orange orange orange
blue that one's a bust
try this one okay that one's a bust if
this is silver what do we win five
thousand cash come on silver Oh peeking
just rip it says silver yeah Wow there's
something else to go with this are you
thinking it's a scam yeah you're
probably it's probably that much off
your car and answer the questions you
will qualify for additional savings of
the dealership this makes no sense
you guys we're coming for you can we buy
if I got a lower car I don't know how
about be interesting I'm sure everyone
gets this in the mail and get witnesses
all right dad had it on the table also
two days ago was Amazon Prime day and I
searched into the deals and I found
something that I really needed it's a
drone transport backpack
this is going to be so useful put your
like batteries and your propellers in
the backpack and then you strap this to
the drone a new backpack backpack
backpack backpack new backpack we're
gonna figure out this car business
tomorrow we just had dinner at my
parents house and now we're gonna go get
some frozen yogurt oh wow
what are those coupons I've got the Ox
cord
oh yeah are you ready for my first song
of the night
we stopped by the man who Lulu's I can't
remember the last time we have frozen
yogurt and you
oh I do like this place Oh
super-expensive daydrian super-expensive
150 spend the big bucks once again are
you kidding me
so is we like spend big but I don't know
if I can go out with you too often and
for pete's sake the heck man slow poke
enjoy ha I enjoyed my Android mine so
much it's not now
yay Redbox hey Buford just finish the
movie over your thoughts merry yeah to
me it's kind of like a combo of The Maze
Runner and Hunger Games it's 11:30 now
our house has a small issue that some of
you probably have this issue as well we
don't have any air conditioning in here
I think it's really hot outside I think
it's really hot inside and it's really
hard to sleep because I just lay in bed
and sweat to death so that's 79 so
almost 80 which isn't too bad some
nights it gets like mid 80s in here and
it's just unbearable so we have a swamp
cooler in our bedroom and it gets pretty
cool if you put ice in it but there's
another problem our freezer doesn't have
an ice machine in here so we definitely
need to invest in some ice cube things
wherever they're cold yeah ice trays but
for the meantime our nightly ritual
usually consists of going down to
7-eleven and buying bags of ice so we
can put it in the swamp cooler I'm gonna
bring you with us on our nightly ritual
to 7-eleven
it's pretty nice driving at night
because it's so much cooler outside see
it's 63 out here that's so much nicer
I don't want it to be so hot in there
more than half of the windows that we
have in our house
don't open yeah we have there like older
windows and thank you 7-eleven for
having ice what's wrong great great
someone broke it how did who fixes these
today was a fun day huh what's tiring
day I'm tired the time week you know I
think what I think this world needs more
hugs
in fact I dare you guys to go hug your
mom or dad right now just because yeah
strangers might be little awkward but
mom and dad for sure or maybe you would
somebody somebody you love maybe a
Buford yeah all right hmm well that's
the end of the vlog thanks so much for
watching
before we go comment of the day why
aren't they doing comments of the day Oh
some days we just forget I'm sorry
please don't be mad
Justin uses yeah attack it's super
effective yeah I love you guys so much
and thank you so much for being so
positive all the time you all are a huge
impact in my life god bless and keep up
the amazing hilarious content
well goon goof gaming news thank you so
much for that comment really means a lot
thank you and we will keep up the
hilarious content anyways that's it I
hope you guys have a happy and safe
weekend and we'll see you guys back here
on Monday all right
