good morning everybody and welcome back
to blogs what's happened in Andy working
with Thomas okay
all aboard go bubbles we are not getting
that oh man you guys know exactly what's
happening because you clicked on this
blog for a reason yeah Ginny it is time
puffle Paul or Bubble Ball vlogs you
guys gonna get one
hey if you guys remember or if you
watched yesterday's vlog we already
bought one of these the little one yeah
so we're going to get the orange one and
we're going to do some intense crazy
stuff with this with these hope you drop
I was trying to be artsy okay
welcome back to the unboxing sisters
everyone this is the bub all just a
quick showcase wow thank you
now we ran into a profitable yesterday
why don't you explain it to the audience
the way you inflate this is just very
weird it's very confusing
what kind of pump do we need for this
like there's a different screws but very
good material here there's the bubble
ball it said it inflates to like four
feet high here is something you found
the instruction those are important to
read sometimes not always when you take
the top one off is the inflate position
when you do the whole thing is the
deflate position well I guess we should
figure out where we're going to go to
inflate this because I don't know how
they're gonna do this but we're going to
make it work when this is in place to be
so funny I know dude
and as you guys know we both have
hoverboards so those are going to we're
going to try and just go very fast on
the hoverboard wall on this so I think
Andrew figured out a way to inflate
these we tried to bring this to the
trampoline place but they didn't let us
so we're just gonna blow them up here
and go down to the park or something
this is gonna take forever
okay I'd say after a good 20 minutes I
finally finished blowing it up looks
epic andrew is still blowing his up I
actually got a head start because mean
Aaron use the gas pump yesterday or gas
air to blow it up it's taking forever
it gives you really lightheaded you okay
my face feels like ants getting this one
charged up so it's gonna be fun
Buford are you excited hippie affect you
excited okay finally completed so how do
you think this wasted let me see so do
you put like are these shoulder straps
let's see what it feels like
it looks so foggy I think you need to be
like no this is right guys well you
better fix it
yeah all right so like handle straps
here okay I think we finally figured it
out guys sorry we've made you wait this
long thanks for sticking around let's
get to this Andrew are you ready yes we
are going to go down to the park
hoverboards tricks out this is going to
be fun though okay guys we made it to a
field we're setting up right here to do
our first collision let's do this that
was a really fun first test but as you
guys can see it's getting really
overcast we're feeling drops rain so
probably got to go back home and just
wait for this to clear then we can do a
few more things cheese hey Cesar these
hoverboards are like 25 pounds so we
waited about two hours it's finally
cleared up blue skies
so time to head back to the park to see
how many different things we can do
while in the bubble ball with other
board we're back at the park and more
Bubble balls and we have Mary here with
us because she's gonna help us film and
get some drone shots of us running
around with the bubble balls he's that
right Buford yeah are you ready to fly
yes yay also I did want to point out one
other cool thing I like about these two
bubble balls is the colors blue and
orange
Braco yes yeah yeah do it yeah attack
yeah
pretty first thoughts it's fun yeah it's
just hot in there do you dare me to run
into the fence
yeah oh okay you can do a lot of things
with bubble ball I'm so funny talking
craft because you've heard what are you
doing
is this a tent Gifford my guys they
watch your videos so they came over here
and got a picture we love when you guys
say hey to us if you ever notice us in
public don't be shy we're friendly
people and we'd love to meet you guys
sometimes we see like common people like
I saw you at Walmart I was too scared to
say hi RAAA means you're humans we
interact and be friendly this is a new
event I created called the roly-poly see
the best thing about this bubble balls
you can practice on hover board and not
worry about falling because it's soft
then craze in this Nevel
in my dreams
for thousands of
sever's be known
as you guys know we love doing a
hoverboard stunts and if you've seen our
previous hoverboard videos we went to
the skate park so okay if you guys can
see this we're a dangerous car this is
on the roof I'm holding it
whoa and head head into the skate park I
don't really recommend this method if
you're going for long distances but
she's not too far away's yeah we're at
the park now skate park the skate Bros
Eng cooter Burroughs last time we
reports this was near impossible to do
anything with but maybe this will help
yeah
first time on the boardwalk this guy's
gonna try the bubble ball with a
skateboard he's going down the huge ramp
now I'm actually not too worried about
it because if he falls the ball will
save them trust the ball go what oh
you're fine well I think that's it for
the skatepark it is just way too hot out
here we can't stay out here any longer
I'm like thirsty
dying of heat yikes now that we're all
done with Bobo balls we got some
lemonade for 25 cents yay support local
businesses right support local business
I don't know whose idea was this her
selling lemonade on the side of the road
on a hot day but boy oh boy does that
hit the spot
if you have whole house lemonade
popsicles yeah you could
and what are we doing dude we're
starting a lemonade company guys come
visit if you looking fora so we didn't
do too much at the skate park because we
kind of have a surprise that we want to
do for the next bubble blog adventure
why don't you tell them about the
details it's pretty simple details get
this vlog to five thousand lights and
we're going to take a bubble ball to the
halfpipe and we haven't even filmed this
for the vlog yet but downtown at
Memorial it's like 30 minutes away they
have this literal halfpipe it looks like
a pro size yeah they got like two
different sizes too so
it's wood it's really cool we'll bring
both of these there will roll down them
do a bunch of weird stuff in them and
it'll be a fun vlog so if you enjoyed
this series new series hit the like and
yeah don't forget to leave other ideas
for both vol 2 in the comments because
yes you guys are creative as well and
we'll pick some of the comments and use
them in future videos so I think that's
all we got for today though yeah I think
so thanks for hanging out with us and
just be great today guys I will see you
next time good bye
you know yeah inventing new tricks out
here
