well good morning everybody welcome back
to vlogs you having a great day so far I
am you yeah Andrew and I have a fun
adventure planned today once you tell
them about it
Pokemon gotta catch em all Pokemon
Digimon go we are gonna go and try to
find some exotic locations that are
going to have some rare Pokemon we don't
have yet because we know certain Pokemon
in the Pokemon bill app only show up in
certain areas so we're going to try and
visit a lake water area Forest City on
powerplant gasp we're just going to find
tons of rare creatures of the sorts and
this is fun for us yeah but we're not
going to be doing like just Pokemon go
the whole time we'll show you around
explore have fun but this is what we're
doing while we're out exploring one
thing we've noticed about Pokemon go is
the egg hatching process because before
you can hop in your car drive around and
it would count for the kilometers but
then a new update came out
it seems as though you can't do that
anymore so we're sitting in the car
we're on the highway going very fast so
and this is not going up at all hasn't
moved at all since you left the house if
that's the case then that gives you
another reason to walk around you can't
even drive in the car anymore can't even
cheat at walking think it so I think it
just depends on how fast you're going
anyways does anybody know the truth
about this over downtown Colorado
Springs now yeah but look at my phone
there are pokey stops everywhere this is
going to be insane for hunting well you
found a spot time to park and get some
exercise yay
I just really love downtown Colorado
Springs because it's so like it's kind
of a really City feel to it it's just so
unique so many different shops here
people it's really fun but Andrew and I
are heading down that way because
there's like four lures going on and
we're going to see what's going on over
there
maybe some rare pok√©mon are showing up
yeah look how cool this is they got all
these unique looking buildings all food
yummy food places but we're still not at
the party which is up here somewhere so
we're trying to find this guy Andrew and
I both don't have him so we think he's
up there because we walked on other way
and he got farther there and he
disappeared but my phone froze so thanks
guys and my egg finally is ready let's
see if it's a good rare character I hope
what what is that
you definitely don't have this guy
and you have your lucky egg on
95 not bad 2200 xpx I turned my lucky
egg on
another a a as I've been playing this
game I've been thinking it'd be so smart
a Pokemon to charge like some
restaurants to put a pokey stop at their
location like they could that would be
so beneficial because while we were
driving over here
there was a pokey stop on a Texas
Roadhouse and oh really
so you can go and then that brings more
customers maybe it'll do that some down
the line we're on our way up there and
we just ran in to these two hey how's it
going
got a Polaroid just like us pretty much
everyone else here too yeah she's got a
Polaroid which is so cool so we're gonna
do a pic yes Pokemon yeah yes so we
haven't found too many like unique
Pokemon out here so we're gonna go to a
different area we did find what is that
bird called the two-headed bird we've
got yeah it's got two heads dodo dodo
dodo dumb bird yeah but taking a break
at a juice bar the best
I am trying the southwest bowl with
quinoa
super yummy hey guys welcome back and I
got the chocolate peanut butter Xie Bowl
thank you we have just driven over here
to Memorial Park and this is like a lake
area so we're seeing if there's new
Pokemon that are water related or
whatever and we found something we did
we both got it whoa Pinsir I never
caught this guy before for 79 - 366
that's still I think that's just because
you're a better rank than me
yeah maybe up there this is we need to
walk around this league is this not a
sketchy bathroom looking bathroom or
what how do you even get in here
you don't huh
look guys on the path you can do a
little workout so before we continue we
have to stay active Andrew yes yeah the
Oh maybe you can do like uh what are
those things called a pull up pull up
whatever that's called a pull up push up
thing yeah yeah Wow
get down from there these guys are
wandering around in the in the woods
trying to find Pokemon look it looks so
funny
by the way I got into my first gym I am
still I'm still kind of confused on how
gyms work but Andrew was telling me a
little bit it's going to be explaining
it to me so so but he's in his first gym
so high five
Thanks you said you'd found a hack yeah
you know sometimes when you catch a
Pokemon and it'll just freeze in the
ball keeps going down but it won't do
anything
yeah if you wait until the loading bar
on the top left stops and you close app
and open it most of time it'll still let
you catch it
so give it a second while the wallets
loading and then yeah so if it freezes
don't just close it immediately I caught
up pretty good one but I thought I did
because it froze also there's a powerful
Charmander up there yeah everyone's been
going up to extract Charmander all these
peeps are playing we got the soldiers
planned heck yeah
but we're probably to go somewhere else
because they're still not too many
different good ones here and I miss my
Charmander ran away over 300 we have
moved outside of the city a bit we're
now in this area called the Broadmoor
it's like this really luxury resort a
hotel type of thing and we found that
there are so many pokey stops here
there's a lake and the whole squad here
is playing not just in here for the
funky tournament I was saying this to
Andrew earlier I wish on the map you
could zoom out more so you can excuse me
sir I'm vlogging I wish you could zoom
out on the map so you can see we're all
like the gems are and like hotspots
that'd be cool but I don't know what do
you think yeah I mean you can maybe they
don't let you do that so it forces you
to explore there's like 3/4 on here I
haven't caught yet so we're trying to
figure out where it is it's one click
away so it should be right in here don't
know what that is though
what bad it dangers over there you go I
hate me mine was only forty we're gonna
have to use some raspberries nine
hundred you idiot
I caught him but still very low wine ran
away nice prose they got the right idea
we feel like not many people come to the
Broadmoor cuz it's kind of out of the
way but I don't know maybe we're wrong
and so if you are caught on problem
again you might get charged with
trespassing sure thing what what she
said again
we can't play this game because it's
trespassing how since when does that
make sense look how many freaking pokey
stops her in here yes
what'd she just say endure be allowed to
visit the property but you can't play
pokemon go on the property you can play
Angry Birds just not Pokemon
yeah we're jr. coming to visit we just
had that out you guys got your Indies
now yeah yeah she's already taken out on
yeah she's yeah so if you guys could
just hear what happened we can't play
pokemon go here and if they catch us
playing it on the property they're gonna
call the police
get rested or something that is insane
all the guys back there she just said
like if the guys get caught playing
Pokemon go you will be arrested pretty
much I think this is the first time I've
heard that this the Broadmoor they're
actually trying I think they're trying
to contact the Pokemon people to get it
taken down get all the pokey stops and
Jim taken off the property because like
we said earlier this is a really
high-end place and so paying guess if
everybody's in the park and standing
around yeah I said it was causing a
problem like hordes of people were
showing up and it was just not good so I
can see that this is probably going to
cause a lot of trouble for a lot of
different places I fish is starting to
have to go dang it though yeah rares
uh-oh I heard if there's a thunderstorm
that electric pokemon come out as well
so hopefully this gets closer we'll see
there's a gym right here I'm actually
team red and Rouge blue I'm gonna try
and take it over and he's gonna watch
he's all three that guy's pretty basic
not too bad pretty good so I've never
seen this before
see how well you do a super effective
week how su probably do is click the
screen yeah if you hold the screen you
can power up and if you go you can I
dodge by swiping left and right like how
you're not even heating you doing this
like it barely this guy's attack is like
a super soaker squirt gun I'll hold down
and use the super attack deserve oh well
you are gonna beat him
isn't he the last guy yeah so you won I
see I reduced it to level 2 now so you
have to keep bad to keep battling it
until it's okay so I'll keep you updated
huh see there we are guys it's me Andy
there you go I have it and I can't beat
it so sorry no that's how you do it Jim
hi-yah Jim take over so thanks for
watching we're in Manitou Springs now
cuz we've heard that there's some good
water pokemon down here but on the way
down they want to mention that Justin I
both caught a Charizard guess what
he's a 170 yeah he's not that great I'll
show you him there he is guys 170 chairs
yard range see some fellas who
apparently watch the videos yeah South
fellas so we had to put him in the block
well anything you want to say guys we
shut ourselves a talk Sedona so I'm
gonna shop in chatting hey Walt
Instagram chatted eights now my go
underscore savage Instagram yo my
Instagram Shrek master my Sam cloud he's
 rockin yo close Chad wall oh my
Rob I like to be good mrs. Ghostface
dela duck Killa oh nice I'm it's Justin
Stewart and we don't want oh it's
raining smells great hello
that's pretty stellar ah there's some
pretty good guys down here but our
phones keep freezing
it's just huh use the bathroom damn it I
just wish the game and work 100% all the
time mr. seal I want to get him but my
egg is hatching he's not that powerful
but he looked won oh nice not bad thank
gosh
hmm very good day
super-rare guys what is this already
posters up dude there they said in
Manchu Springs are gonna line up all the
pokey stops with lure modules
oh my every Thursday in July
oh my good land that's nuts
that's so cool if they're doing that
there's me so many people here this is
an egg unboxing bill
okay maybe he's very powerful we're
moving on to another location believe
this awesome looking tour car car
only if car is that even it's a truck
lucky yeah but it doesn't have a brand
on it anywhere like what the what's a
custom mini we are at Garden of the Gods
now yay today we've literally pretty
much visited all of Colorado like the
Kelowna Springs tourist spots it's
awesome we've got some good Pokemon so
but this is our last stop we're gonna
check and see if there's anything here
Wow so what I'm doing right now is I
have a the lucky egg pretty much double
xp for everything and so what I'm going
to do is I have tons of evolves I'm
going to do which I'll get double the
Spiro let's evolve him so I'll rank up
really quick if I evolve all of the guys
that which I have in here but the drange
5:04 Wow good show how much did I get
for that mm many more where that's
coming from
it's annoying but kind of funny we're
sitting in the car and Justin has a good
service and I have it just says no
service and all these characters keep
coming up already got a new character
that he doesn't have
I've been ranking up what lover you know
I think it was 15 I'm almost 14 now dude
yeah if you guys want to rank up fast
use the lucky egg and then just involve
a ton of characters even if you delete
them later he's playing I have no
service guys don't worry we've seen a
lot of comments about the bubble ball
bubble vlog is coming very soon we
promise back home now Pokemon hunting
was a major success yes what a long day
it was good because we went explored so
many different spots
I'm almost caught up to Andrew now so
but guys leave a thumbs up if you want
us to do Pokemon adventures as like a
group maybe go way further go somewhere
else yeah because we have a few other
friends Aaron the LEDs maybe I want a
whole car full of people going and doing
gym takeovers and just I don't know if
one stuff like that 2 is coming soon
don't go crazy guys the bubble bandits I
guess we'll see you guys in tomorrow's
vlog right yeah
wait why is this comment on the screen
get out of here Mitch have a good night
everybody stay happy goodbye and we'll
see you guys tomorrow all right
nice cute what love are you
swing a little haha
