what is up everybody welcome back to
vlogs hope you're doing well we're doing
something really fun today we are at
Springs trampoline park now we haven't
been back to the trampoline park in a
while so I'm excited I know we love
trampoline places but we're trying
something new today so we just went in
and checked to see if we could use this
does anyone know what this is what is it
Andrew it's called a bounce ball or
bubble ball ball ball ball yeah it's
really fun I think we haven't used it
yet well yeah we just bought it but
unfortunately they said we couldn't use
this in the park because of liability
issues alright but it's okay we're still
going to use it another time we want to
make a few vlogs we have a bunch of fun
ideas with the bubble ball but anyways
we're going to end they just told us to
they have a new what does that thing
called it's a toy it's called a bounce
ball bounce board it helps wakeboarders
snowboarders and skateboarders practice
tricks
yes I'm going to try this thing out for
the first time not sure how it works but
I guess you just go like this
okay this way nevermind thanks Aaron
nice - yes
Wow Wow I want to try all right guys I'm
strapped on
oh wow wow
right Aaron Stern
I know it's so cool though it's a little
harder because you like your feet are
attached to it so you can't like
separate them like this
darn it I didn't catch the fall are you
okay
Oh
Oh
haha
ah
what is this
but
this segment is called cool catches
catcher
it's easy to fall over on that board
yeah for inventing new tricks out here
Wow Wow
yes
how long have been here like 10 minutes
they literally must not have the AC on
here because we're all like sweating to
death
Aaron has taken his shirt off already
Andrews contemplating taking his shirt
off and socks
what new trick did you just learn Andrew
I don't know what is called the Canyon
by the way guys prepare to be impressed
thumbs up if you were impressed how do
you do that dude yeah
360 version are you serious what
it's so awesome the filters are so funny
so we're making some like funny
snapchats
strange bees bouncing on a trampoline
hey everyone I'm Abbi
yeah
now it's time for worst trampoline
bouncing Awards
Andrew you go first next up we have
Aaron sites
how get off of me ah hey money hey
that's mine
ha come get you idiot Oh to the hall my
arm ah what Sandra up to this time the
crabs
you out yeah
oh I have no idea what we're doing
what would you even call what we're
doing right now I guys overall or just
that you just say yes go yeah too much
excitement we need a cook we need a word
for that yeah the jump up and yeah yeah
maybe I don't know I don't know just yes
yeah right
it could be yeah people can send us
videos on Twitter of your yes this is
yeah yeah it could be it needs to be
more than that though like more juice
yeah more juice dude no that's what I'm
saying leave comments down below we
don't know
yeah
we're going to try who can do the
longest wall run so you first
start there but then start the wall
right there that first barrier
okay
okay
I did I did all right can you be to
Andrew you have to get past this go
Wow I think you did the best we're doing
hi wall runs instead of long
here you go Andrew okay honey I'm gonna
follow behind him
well that was a fun time at the
trampoline park
what y'all fellas like I love trampoline
parks I don't think I could ever get too
old or too tired of coming to the
trampoline park I can get you tired no
it's a workout oh that tired Aaron that
was super fun especially the board oh
yeah practice I said they got that like
a week ago so this professional repeats
to try it yeah I want to go on an actual
real life our own trampoline by the way
guys we're going to clap with Juke squad
sometime soon because they're the
trampoline masters yeah we're friends
with him as you guys know but yeah
anyways if you're in the spring it's
definitely hit up Springs trampoline
park I got one of the best ones in the
city I think yeah also since we weren't
able to use the bubble ball on the
trampoline you guys should leave some
comments down below of what you want to
see us do with the bubble ball yeah we
have one so far we can get another we
can do endless things with the bubble
ball
yeah so we need ideas so if you leave
comments we'll pick some comments and
use them in the video you know some cool
comments bye guys where are you going
taking Buford to training ah that's good
you ready go to school by Buford
this Daisy want a potato you want a
potato Daisy you in the potato
I think sure you don't have any potatoes
for you sorry well just got back to the
house and I'm actually quite hungry for
dinner watch for what to eat I think I
might these actually these are pretty
good got on the other day 100% grass-fed
beef sausage Brittney and I really love
mustard so we have this a lot just
recently got this one is pretty good
brand actually so if I have that and
maybe an apple or something oh and I
wanted to show you guys all the
different Pokemon I've caught in Pokemon
go all the support lately on our Pokemon
go blah vlogs has been awesome
I'm glad most of you have been enjoying
the vlogs Andrew and I have been having
tons of fun just going out and exploring
and finding new stuff but so here's what
my Pokemon deck looks like my best ones
are down here I just got this one I'm a
level eight by the way so I haven't
caught too many high one high level ones
250s my highest currently andrew has a
ton of high levels so he'll have to show
you guys his tomorrow or something just
caught this one in my house and yeah so
not bad anyways guys I guess that's it
for today's vlog appreciate coming back
and shout out to all the people who come
back to watch the vlogs daily that means
so much to us that you take the time
every day to check out what we're doing
every day and even if you don't watch
every day just thanks for watching our
videos but moving on let's do some
comments of the day first comment from
neil i think you shouldn't mess around
of people in the park more i think it's
funny and you got 31 likes in that
comment one
I think that's a good idea as well I
think we're going to definitely do more
messing around with people especially
since everybody's out about doing
Pokemon now we'll do more of that for
you guys
young Kesey more trip lead videos well
you got one today this comment actually
made me laugh
doctor do you exercise me i play pokemon
go doctor very fit I bet that's exactly
what the doctor would say Nathan last
but not least make it Pokemon go prank
we're already a step ahead of you we
just uploaded the new prank on j stu
studios best pokemon trainer so i'll
leave a link in the description if you
want to check it out it's on the our
main channel obviously but yeah hope you
guys have a Grammer's today and stay
happy because can we'll see you back
here tomorrow good bye good I got him
what love are you yes I got a level 5
yay
