he'll shut hey guys what did you just do
I choked on a chip
okay wait hi good morning guess what
we're doing today you have to guess
we're going out to party city right now
because we want to do a prank of sorts
revolving around pokemons go since it's
so popular we have a few ideas that we
want to try out so got to go to the
party store see if they have some
pokeyman outfits just see what what's
going on Party City
let's hope they have something
what yes
yay your Pokemon Pokemon you could chew
because everyone get up oh crap I ran
out of balls
oh yeah here we are got a morphsuit the
yellow one Pikachu hat in a incense
Justin had to go run some errands so
he'll be back in a couple minutes but
when we were at Party City we thought of
another idea that we could do for
Pokemon and this might be a better idea
I don't know sounds pretty funny to me I
have this red dodge ball and I'm at
Walmart here I'm gonna get some white
and black tape and we're going to make
this our real-life pokeball that you can
throw at people I don't know what we're
gonna do but we'll figure it out
here's the tape here's black but I'm
having trouble finding white this isn't
really white it's like I don't know not
white wait here it is max white yes
this is actually kind of cool as well
hey glow-in-the-dark tape
yeah if I could glow-in-the-dark
pokeball I don't know we'll just go with
these guys
see I told you get right back okay so
here's what a pokeball looks like you
got to basically make that out of this
shouldn't be too hard
there it is the finished product
pokeball a while Buford yeah but it's
just a dodge ball you four come here
give me a hug give her it's okay buddy
it's okay it's okay Buford I got him
ahh we are now in the car heading to the
park since it is nighttime now it's
about almost 8 o'clock actually this is
when all the pokemon trainers comes out
didn't even tell you guys I was there
last night at 11:30 p.m. and there were
hundreds of people hundreds what it was
not so hopefully we'll see them tonight
we'll do some interviews we will catch
them so we have just arrived at pokey
city is what I'm calling it just
Cottonwood Park here in Colorado Springs
literally I bet you 95% of the people at
this park are okay well maybe 7d are
playing pokemon 10 are ice blocking
downhill and then there's sports so
let's show you what's going on here most
of pokey city is down by the frolf
course which is across that field down
there yeah but we wanted to park here
good spot he's gonna want to explore a
little bit
Wow a crab I already have those kinam
you'll rank up oh really yeah okay your
XP is like battle look I'm gonna beat
him guys this myth your quad he's at 87
awesome
poink yay oh I have a mr. Krabs on my
screen to see you're gonna rank up there
freeze and it frogs I have been seeing
some comments floating about the
internet talking about Pokemon saying
how they don't like it because of all
the everyone's on still on their phones
but if you guys don't realize
everybody's in the outside meeting new
friends what good things do you have to
say about it um I saw this guy hold on
in the middle of a battle I saw this guy
yesterday he was jogging around the park
so he was actually like running and
getting exercise and like every time he
stopped at a poky stop you then kept
going so it's like you can multitask you
can go outside get some Sun meet new
people it's pretty cool I think it's a
cool concept but I'm going to attack
some people with this maybe I'm trying
to catch trainers yes who wants to catch
pokemon me
gotcha oh my god no way
which one of you guys is the best
trainer here man I mean chewing biscuits
sucks
we all say why check it out this is a
block of ice that's awesome
look there's tons of ice blocks up here
people having fun it's a beautiful
evening Andrew maybe we can find a
Pokemon on the playground this is a big
playground so thank you this one
she is playing Pokemon go DSLR edition
see she just called she just caught a
grass Grob two very rare one
see what we like to do is just walk
around enjoy the scenery put the phone
in your pocket
and if it vibrates you know there's a
monster nearby or a stop so you're not
starting infant boy girl that's awesome
you can always tell when there's a
Pokemon stop because a bunch of people
are just hanging around it which all
these people are don't what is that aah
clink that's a cool looking sponge
it's a sponge gonna catch him are you
too weak
stay in there don't ever doubt me how do
you have that one yeah but I don't think
I have one that good he's almost level
400 but hey I don't know we would just
ran into him Paul do it thanks you guys
playing Pokemon fling this is this is
Andrew he has a pokeball or throwing
them at people trying to catch them
could be you guys team mystic the team
valor team team instinct ouch this
cannot be happening
no I coz are we near like three three
stops right in here like right in here
and they all have lures we were just in
here
crap I just found a new Pokemon I didn't
have yeah I haven't seen that one yet
either
yay mine keeps crashing when I'm trying
to capture him very rude there any other
guys on the maps oh yeah guys look they
put lures on all these I'm so happy oh
there's a bat or in the middle of the
froth course and we ran into Denver here
he washes the blood out bad look how
long you been watching a couple years a
couple years seriously yeah yeah we were
just trying to catch these Pokemon it's
not working he came over he's like I
watch your vlog so really you have to
put you in blocks thanks for watching
bedroom no problem time to scare people
with possible
did you catch something you have enough
rows get the ball ah no it was funny
that girl ain't just scared
she's like you just making YouTube
videos right yeah and then we typed in
our channel on her YouTube and she's
like wait you guys make the prank videos
it was cool
what
who's that hey guys freakin Pokemon the
interview okay good so how much fun is
we have lots of fun right tons of fun we
have in lots of fun yay what's he for
you blue yes yay dang it I'm red red and
you saw quick Pokemon interview what is
Ramires Pokemon uh honestly he's prior
to the Rhine horn I just got I like
network or Charmander you do have a lot
I don't have unless you good I caught
him what love are you yes I got a level
5 yay
do you guys want to battle me if you
want backside nevermind we have to go
mom mom said we have to go yeah she just
texted me
All Right see you squad yeah what's the
challenge here I don't know am i kicking
this very far how far can you kick a
pokeball all right
wow this man has a drone whoa did they
did a flip did you see that no he did a
front flip with the drum did he do that
I don't know maybe that's not a drone
maybe it's just like a little flying
device sure well watch you know I'm a
wild Pokemon okay there's three there's
three of them by the way you're
outnumbered they're right I disappeared
okay squad yeah see all you got pizza -
no I don't want any pizza
I'm joining the squad CMN all right well
I don't did it invite you though
like what since it's nighttime
everybody's starting to appear out of
nowhere
yes oh shoot
not the pokeball sorry ah don't worry
didn't fall that far I got it
no this is for the vlog if you want to
be are you guys okay it's being in the
vlog yeah okay oh yeah well have fun
guys yes it's so fun yeah are you guys
the pokeyman sisters it's so fun messing
around with people here okay bye oh it's
so cool I miss the good old days playing
sports in high school and having the
nightlights Stadium with the audience so
fun here's the block of ice everyone was
riding down Oh crack I can try and ride
down this my butt's gonna get all wet
though
whoa ah that immediately got my butt
soaked my butt is wet that's fun
I saw people putting shirts on it
earlier so maybe I think that's how
you're supposed to do you put like a
towel over the top who needs a
basketball to play bass go and you have
a pokeball oh geez let's see if I can
make oh heck yeah so we are all done
with the adventure hanging out of the
park
but we had a topic that we are curious
to hear what your thoughts or um are has
Pokemon gone too far
Andrew do you have some comments about
this because I know some people have
their opinions yeah my opinion is that
Pokemon is cool because not only does it
get people outside but also like is
bringing all these people together you
know yeah I don't know there's like no
labels everyone's just Pokemon masters
some of you don't play it some of you
never will but I think it's a pretty
cool concept as well we're curious to
know let us know in the comments
it's just cool like being out in the
park and seeing all these people at the
same time coming in playing a game she
would because we probably wouldn't have
gone to the park tonight if it wasn't
for this game I'm not hot all these
people so it's like really cool maybe I
just be at home watching TV
I don't know and a lot of people don't
like the phone game aspect but think
about it which if you if Pokemon goal
wasn't there and you just had pokemon
cards would you play it in the park
would you why not no probably not
plus I heard that they're gonna come out
the new update where you can trade
Pokemon with other people so that's
going to add like major fun even more
people will probably be like hey man
wanna trade yeah
whoa your name's keV me too it's been a
quite the long day guys
so Brittany and I are back in Chipotle
buy one get one we use up coupons real
quick before we eat Chipola add one
final thought about the Pokemon Go game
I feel like one thing that does bother
me about like new games just in general
and stuff like this game is people and
myself get so attached to it that I feel
like it gets to be too much and that's
where I feel like it gets to be too much
for everybody because everywhere you go
with this app you have to have your
phone on and so you're pretty much
putting all your attention on this game
and app and nowhere else everywhere you
go I found myself even the other day
when we were watching a TV show that I
was I had the app open I'm like not even
paying attention to this TV show so when
stuff like that happens I tend to not
like it as much because I don't like
being so attached to my phone and games
and such like that so for me it's like I
like this game it's cool concept but
that really bothers me about it it's
like when I get too attached to
something like that I feel like it's
just like wasting my time and you could
be dreaming yeah could be dreaming and
doing other things accomplishing goals
working towards the next dream you know
I don't know just my thought for the
night and now it's time to eat burrito
day c1t sister does free yeah it's time
for comment of the day everyone
first comment by Zachary I'm going to
Walgreens what do you all want me to
bring back what do you want to bring
back uh some bananas and powerful yummy
snacks very good snacks please Oh Shh
you are the best tip from RJ
shoutout to RJ RJ rocks you're the bests
plural best pizza okay well that's all
the comments we have for you today
yeah so thanks for watching the video uh
mm-hmm
thanks for watching I can't think of
anything else to say right now we're
filming the prank today so be on the
lookout for a pokeymon prank
what we can't be entertained it was
daddy because you can alright guys we'll
see you tomorrow
three two one
