well hey everybody and welcome back to
more Jase do boy do we have an adventure
for you today tell them guys we have
this big idea for a mini vlog series and
it involves an RV and driving through
the mountains so we really want to do
this but step one is when we got a look
at an RV also next with us today okay
you ready to check this vehicle out I am
well let's go so you guys know how we
have loved doing these toy car mods
we've bought in a few of like these toy
cars
well we're stepping up our game this
time we're one two this is it folks
Andrea how did you find this truth be
told I was actually just on Facebook and
this popped up I wasn't even looking for
it and that sparked like the ideas and
just okay so because we've actually
we've actually talked about this before
so this isn't just out of the blue idea
the guy said we can just go in we don't
have to wait for him oh sweet it's a
Dodge oh here's the back door as well oh
we got some we have a broken window one
door very nice
oh look at the ceiling here folks
what happened something happened don't
worry this has tons of mod potential
yeah that's why it's good looking at
like used cars like this because
although it's you know it could be
sketchy and have a lot of problems mods
we can make this the epic vehicle number
one question there's a stereo work I'm
not driving through the mountain that's
just listening to you guys oh what's
back here oh yeah bed I like that it has
like a stove and kitchen bathroom all
right no back no a bathtub yes people
really dig Barbies
man we can grill is this an oven oh man
hey and at least I can stand up in here
yeah I mean that's number two payroll we
have a nice seating here as well
thinking uh support buddy that's a
question you can figure out right now
get up there have a ladder all right
don't break anything now oh look what's
behind you what bug no oh a soldier
probably bugs but solar panel as well
this is cool this is very nice
definitely can fit two up there you can
fit one right here you can put another
mini bed over here but what happened to
the walls and stuff like this one fast
about that yeah looks like you can put a
table here looks like one good thing
though that he mentioned was that this
only has 61 thousand miles on it somehow
yes isn't that 1970 something 75 thank
but yeah maybe let's tell him we're here
get a little test drive in
yeah
Wow all right look at that thing
like lighter than you think
yeah sure I just have to throw it in
control and turn it back
oh yeah
Oh
from the outside yeah yeah what do you
want me to go go straight on this road
yeah
it feels so much different than like a
car obviously are you serious yeah
really yeah yeah
there you go yeah there's like a bus you
drop us off at school please having kids
and just my mother right
right
and to get it to work
oh right
take a right after this
hey you're back online it's like it's
only around for nerds I don't understand
then you got it you got it but you say
about the steering wheel you're like I'm
in a video game Mike come on you got it
oh crap no cars come we got this boys
the default yeah right yeah oops
and we're back and so I have a ladder
back here as well let's take a look at
the roof this thing is quite the unique
RV I must say time to get a quick coffee
yes dutch bros ok we are back home now
but we need you guys to let us know your
opinion should we get this RV I do like
this idea of us doing like a four part
video so it'd be like a little mini
series we're driving through the
mountains doing adventures and just the
cinematography is gonna be next level
just the whole timing
Nik will be coming yes so let us know
right now in the comments do you want
that or would you watch that because
it's gonna be a similar vibe to if you
saw our outdoor survival challenge $10
survival challenge I mean yeah yeah yeah
that's exactly by like in an RV mm-hmm
mini episodes leave your comments and
leave a like what are we doing now the
moment has come where we have made an
adult decision to save money I love that
we're getting new phones yeah how does
that save money well here's how it saves
money guys me Andrew Nick Mary Brittany
Abby six people we're gonna jump on a
new phone plan with six people makes it
cheaper right yeah and guess what we get
all get my phone tens yeah by all I mean
the fellas yeah I need new phone Nick
definitely music if you just broke it
but Barret are you ready to get your
first iPhone here you go you can have my
old one so many devices a bath charge
for smartphone
do you guys have the new iPhone iPhone
Nexus so do you like it
okay yeah no way guys the ladies are
getting iPhone 8 pluses these are pretty
cool it's working vlogs Oh more vlogs
vlogs you keep doing that yes I do yeah
what do you got here Andrew oh well can
I do the unboxing sisters intro oh you
did yeah Wow hey oh I like the black
that's the best part is peeling off a
red screen oh that's why that is fresh
it's on me there's no more this year
bods
no way what do I do now I didn't know we
get the cordless your bowls yes USA USA
USA
what is Nick doing guys Oh face opened
oh yeah do that every time don't lock
your phone now okay guys we're all done
with the day thank you for watching
life you were saying before if you guys
want to see this adventure series in
this RV be sure to give this video a
like yeah and we will see you back here
tomorrow thanks for watching
what's that grapefruit can I try
you
