well hey everybody hope you're doing
fantastic today Brittany and I have an
exciting little adventure planned for
this weekend right now we're actually
here at Red Rocks Amphitheater here in
Colorado it's like an hour away from
where we live never been here before
heard it's like an amazing venue
basically it's this event called fitness
on the rocks so we're excited to see
what's gonna be happening throughout the
day a bunch of different activities and
workout so it should be really fun it
looks like we have to walk to the venue
there's so many cool rocks to your side
to work out
cool activities on the first bet event
is that global body workout welcome to
your 2016 fitness song yeah
ladies gentlemen this time we ask that
you stand and remove your hats as we pay
honor to the American flag with singing
of our national anthem
so gotta run the shade it's like two
over we are so Justin's gonna run up
these stairs you guys I don't know how
many times but I Spy Justin I Spy Justin
Brittany and I are gonna get some snacks
because we all we had for breakfast was
like some eggs and nuts today so we're
kind of hungry but props to anybody who
could do that mile run up the stairs
that is insane for the guy who did it in
five minutes in 20 seconds that is
insane freaking beast lettuce wraps Nate
this looks super good and later they
gave us actually to buy one get one
Chipotle cards so that will be put to
good use
like so many sponsors which is really
cool cuz we have this whole bag of free
like snacks and like protein powders and
whatnot Hey
so it's awesome our stay at Fitness is
here
and they're doing like a little
challenge so me and Brittany are gonna
do a row challenge I don't know what
what it is you have to do like 250
meters in the rower so we'll see plea to
beat the record I guess
46 7 way to go be soo yay more free
snacks sounds so good
pink lemonade and did you choose YUM
just go back to the car and this was an
all-around fun event what did you think
about it Britt so awesome just so hot
yeah and one thing I really liked about
this event was that they were really
positive it wasn't even the main focus
wasn't Fitness the main point they were
trying to get across was that we are all
here for a bigger purpose and bigger
reason and we're here to support each
other and love one another and they just
had like good little talks before like
the workouts so really good event if you
guys want to come to it next year they
have it every year in Colorado it's just
called fitness on the rocks check it out
we'll probably go next year and on the
way back we're stopping at sprouts kiss
ready and I are desperate for some
kombucha your favorite gotta gotta get
the daily dosage of it then the options
but the condoms are on sale for $2.99
Multi green yes
we love this paleo pancakes
guess this person didn't want to pull
forward or back up literally right on
his car
oops yes these are the really random
bowing get one card no talking to the
camera so needed Chipotle was delicious
as always but we just thought of
something really funny or no we just
thought of something really cool so they
have this trip to be a card if you buy
this many burritos for three months so
July August and September
you get catering for 20 people a $240
value so what what the our friend there
is telling us is you can just freeze all
of this and have like food for a month I
mean not not just that food but you can
like have chicken with some other food
you buy from the grocery store rice
beans so I was like considering doing
that cuz I was like buy burrito your
fourth burrito fifth burritos free you
get another free burrito so like three
free burritos a month along with the
ones you buy and then I don't know I
thought it was a clay as I tell you guys
that is all for the vlog today folks
thanks for watching and quick comments
of the day first comments by Xavier
I'm your smallest fan please don't apply
oh whoops
you and Justin should go Pokemon hunting
oh yeah you you wanna go yeah your vids
make me happy everyday thanks for that
comment clay we appreciate you watching
our needs he oh well thanks for the
comments and likes and coming back and
hanging with us and vlogs it's been fun
hey there's that
now just it's a new week new
opportunities have fun guys see ya
tomorrow
goodbye it's just funny seeing how many
people are out here playing Pokemon like
these people are playing it to Brandon
to other people it's an awesome pokemons
yes
