welcome back to vlogs guys and as you
know this new app came out called
pokemons go have you played it
yeah is it fun yeah so that's what we're
gonna do today we're gonna try and catch
some pokemons I really like this Pokemon
app because it's like geocaching Plus
playing Pokemon you have to go outside
and find Pokemon so it's been really fun
I was playing it a ton yesterday and the
day before but I was getting kind of
annoyed because the servers kept
crashing and it wouldn't let me play
it's getting really sad but I think
today the servers are gonna be running a
little bit better I'll show you guys my
Pokemon I have so far and you are I have
okay hey we're showing them the Pokemon
we caught which one do you think is the
coolest looking he's the coolest looking
yep I kind of like I like minke I've
been trying really hard to get tons of
these piggies or whatever they're called
yeah piggies because I want to evolve my
Pidgeotto and I finally have enough this
is gonna be my first evolved yay I have
just enough do you want to do it yeah
yep huh look wow this is cool whoa I
mean the ball Wow yay this fight another
game man we just need a few more of
these guys and we can evolve him so
let's go find some Pokemon a few things
you're gonna want to bring with you when
you go finding Pokemon a pineapple
charger for your phone because you do
not want to run out of foam battery when
you're finding a Pikachu or something
you want to bring some water stay
hydrated if you're going for a long walk
and then your power cord for your
charger that don't forget all right I
read somewhere that said the farther you
get away from your house or wherever
your home bases
you have a better chance of finding more
rare Pokemon so we're gonna take a drive
to the park and see what we can see hey
there's a Pokemon there he is he's in
the car
hey yeah we missed you what this comes
at dodging master haha me hell with see
if he's powerful ten know who you know
you have the best wife when she drives
you around to catch pokemon we're
approaching the park I see it up here
there's a lot of pokey stops around here
and a Jim over here at the park and
appears that there's a gym right there
as well I don't really know much about
gyms so maybe I'll try and battle it one
I don't know how that works
we'll see how it goes are you playing
Pokemon are you playing Pokemon yay me
too
let's try and find some good pokemons
over here no the holes are down there
that frisbee golf holes
yeah yeah down there there's like the
horses real fire oh yeah yeah there are
a lot of them down there yeah that was
two that were down there but like I
don't know crashing OH
what have you gone through for Pikachu
is pretty cool yes whoa way down that
way somewhere
cool well I first eat watch out guys
there's a minke in the road pokemons
yeah yes ah kind of I mean it's like
being a little glitchy but not too bad
yeah really okay that's where I was
walking yeah I walked over to the frolf
course cuz there's so much stuff going
on I wish you could see on camera and
kind of see there's so much stuff going
on over here so I'm gonna try and
explore it's just funny saying how many
people are out here playing pokemon like
these people are playing it to Brandon
to other people it's awesome pokemons
yes there's so many pokey stops over
here I've already hit like three or four
coming in there's two gyms like what in
the world if you're in Colorado Springs
this is a great spot do some Pokemon
searching Cottonwood Park the froth of
course here and there's so much to find
here comes that little pokemon trainer
you see one where where do you see it
yeah what's it look like Oh a monster
Pokemon these guys were just explaining
to me how the gyms work so now I know
what to do for gyms and I feel like the
one thing this app should add is if you
come across other players playing the
game that you should be able to I trade
pokemon or battle just with them or
something because I've run into like I
don't know maybe 15 people just walking
around the park here playing Pokemon
it's crazy
we're in the car now doing some more
drive-by
pochi catching here we are nice a little
pokey stop
well it's a memorial that's kind of cool
almost in range almost there
and right here
bad oh come on our servers are down and
we're back
yeah there is a trooper she had to carry
our sleepy pokemon trainer back to the
car
in order to go ah it's bouncing around
I did I got him or by this church for
some reason has three of these pokey
stops back home now it's time to get
some lunch that was a lot of Pokemon
hunting we did thanks for driving around
I hope you had fun so let's do another
evolve this is going to be awesome
Ratman becomes super rat man sweet
radicand um I upgraded this guy a lot so
now he has a 310 I think that's pretty
good
we're all fueled up now time to go out
and find some more Pokemon look quite
just caught driving around on a 407 hip
note yay here's the mall there's like
tons of pokey stops in here so we can go
shopping and pokey shopping yeah guys
watch out it's a meal with Isaac watch
out Isaac there's a Pokemon behind you
I'm not lying he's right behind you
you guys playing Pokemon yes alright see
ya
we're right here by this party thing I
don't know why it's like party mode look
at all these people playing down here
one two three four five six seven eight
look at all these trainers skies did you
catch one good job guys
I figured out what this party basically
means a lure module a module that
attracts pokemons for 30 minutes to this
spot that's why everyone's hanging out
down there by the fountain just Pokemon
are just coming here's the best way to
get all the pokemon in them all going
for a ride Burnaby catching pok√©mon
demise ik he's on the train
nice you did it now this is the best
spot plugging your phone here getting a
massage and just catch all the pokemon
this guy's definitely playing Pokemon
I'm gonna try my first gym battle I
don't know how this is gonna work so
cool yeah not very effective great I
think I'm doing a good job yay battle -
what yeah hyah hyah hyah and come on man
I'm still in the green oh man I'm in
orange now come on come on yes
three three oh my gosh I'm definitely
gonna die I'm going down guys ow to beat
that that so I had to beat that and then
I had to beat that that's not fair
because I was losing health every time
ah well that's the end of the Pokemon
video thanks for watching and if you
liked it and want to see more leave a
comment let us know if you want us to go
explore like a certain area and trying
to find Pokemon or just yeah if you want
to see more let us know and give it a
like and we'll see you guys next time
alright peace
Oh
