well great morning everybody welcome
back to vlogs there's another fantastic
morning here in Missouri we're going
down to the dock right now because Alex
the cousin if you guys don't remember
yesterday's vlog just told us that they
caught a 40-pound catfish down here so
we're coming to see if this is actually
true did you catch something guys 40
inch 40 inch hose did I say 40 pound
that probably weighs by the way happy
fourth of July everybody
America and happy fourth of July to
everyone around the world whether you
celebrate it or not I'm very festive
today kind of USA Hannah's got the blue
whatever those are called and earballs
Ben's got the Hat and the tank looking
fresh salmon where's your America sure
mom life is good in America
today's a super awesome day happy 4th of
July
you didn't I thought that was a good
announcement I'm doing work I got my
flag shirt on that I got last year when
Justin and I filmed that like weird skit
thing and took some pictures
anyways let's take a look at the weather
it's raining yay
we're gonna drive up to Columbus today
because we were gonna try and go to the
zoo but it's raining outside so I don't
know if we're still gonna go to the zoo
but we're definitely gonna visit my
uncle's up there so we leave tomorrow
morning and watch them firework shows I
don't know what else it's kind of up in
the air now since it's raining but we'll
see this is grandma's cat Amy hi
ouch you sitting near me Elmo I don't
really like cats but this cat likes me
so we hang out look at Mary's new shirt
Marvel heroes yeah Captain America attic
yeah not that yesterday got a deal yeah
no I got mine last year yeah that's a
good deal cold to my grandma's house
we're in Columbus now and we're getting
ready to go to the zoo but first some
lunch city barbecue the best there's
some nice sauce is sweet
brushfire don't know what that means
they've got mustard barbecue sauce yeah
try these out try and mustard sauce
it's okay yay
all right well for lunch looks like
we're heading over to the neighbor's
house for a fish fry of sorts but we're
having salmon and I think they're frying
up catfish or something walk through the
woods and there they are the only thing
you have to worry have to worry about
when you're in these kind of areas is
like the woods are full of mosquitoes
and ticks and when if you guys remember
in Hawaii me and Brittany got bit a ton
by mosquitos Brittany got bit more than
me but then I was hospitalized because
of mosquitos and bites so me a little
nervous nervous be honest that's like a
lot of the people here why are you
wearing jeans like you get fit 40 times
and you know it'll change yeah yeah
Wilson well yes Wilson Wow there's a
chipmunk right there and a beast prairie
dog over there my goodness man by this
be can't fly so we're saving it Clara's
putting C just like any flight
don't let him sting you he's home almost
there's lots of pollen for you mr.
honeybee they're so cool made to the zoo
wasn't raining but now it's starting to
sprinkle a little it's cool cos my aunt
his friends with Jack Hanna so he's able
to hook us up with tickets every once in
a while so someday it's a skunk
penguin nose I think that's the Spanish
worm thing Pingree nose hey zoo keepers
gave the gorillas little ice creams
they're so excited he's running around
in the fog where this is a cool jungle
vibe that's why they call them monkey
bars he was going down the slide a few
minutes ago this jungle gym for kids
right here is really creepy you want to
come out of the slide and turn it on and
see that no this is a very odd place
we're getting ready to watch the Cheetah
Run we're gonna do something like a
little racetrack here too
this is one of the coolest kazoo
exhibits I've ever seen look how wide
open it is
giraffes roaming over there what's over
there
water buffalo new bras no there's some
weird Birds over there hey pal
you know what are they doing up here
that's all from the zoo today
so mostly everything it was a good day
and it stopped raining I ran my uncle's
house now and my hot sauce so he's hot
sauce carousel going on but he has this
new hot sauce we're gonna try he said
this the hottest thing he's ever had in
his life flash baby and the ingredients
are just insane habanero peppers jolco
peppers say some Reaper peppers scorpion
peppers this is a bad idea I feel like
that one yeah Mikey that's it okay i
hiccup what is the tiniest thanks cheers
huh okay no yeah chilli
my uncle is growing at Carolina Reaper
pepper out here I don't know which one
it is though there's got some Tomatoes
hops
here's the peppers these are maybe look
like jalapeno peppers he said he's got
some Carolina Reapers growing up back
here time for more a jet ski we're gonna
do tubing though this time on jet ski
fast how'd it get in there in the first
place before though well thankfully they
have these batteries in a pump to pump
out all the water really not sure what
happened but yeah a foot Rachel found a
turtle he's trying to swim right now he
just wish he wishes he food time again
that's what we do in America so we can
ready to shoot off some fireworks fourth
of July so you got to do it we're
meeting my other uncle here at this lot
we're gonna blast off some fireworks
it's kind of blurry there we go he's
building a house right here so we're
standing on the foundation right now
it's gonna be so cool when he's done
let's go take a look at the basement Wow
ear and baby deer yeah he's just staring
over here Oh
Bambi oh that's cool
yeah there's like four of them closer to
answer that one
- tidy puppy puppy puppy ah Oh poop
I'm getting smoked out over here Andy's
on donut number two hey that's a Krispy
Kreme you can't get these in Colorado
really enough fresh also done with a
quick dinner and in this fireworks time
it is looking so amazing out here on the
lake seriously think we're doing a boat
ride and they bought a ton of fireworks
out of yourself let's light some things
on fire you have a lot this is just the
stuff that we do right now ashes are you
kidding me
no show us oh here we go
I think this is gonna fly away whoa why
is blowing things up so fun I wasn't
recording but I just got hit yes Alex
launched two and hit hit you maniac
dads are just duds out the wazoo
come on I believe in you is it really
that hard oh my goodness I don't know
where there's smoke there's fire I pull
out an eardrum I feel like wow this
pekka be so peaceful
ah look at all the bugs out here holy
schnikeys that was hitting us in the
face oh man but here's a cliff jumping
why don't we come here earlier can we
speed up and we hadn't swarmed here yeah
turn the lights off I like the ignorance
thank you
oh cool a little mini show here
we're sitting on the ground now because
there's too many bugs we're watching
everyone else do fireworks outside
because we don't want to get bit by
mosquitoes
no more dengue fever no more didn't get
fever even though it's probably not here
but wants to get bit by mosquitoes
though there are like millions of a
million I know there's so many there's
ah ok Oh Christmas colors whoa back hit
my uncle's house
yeah sure not fireworks like right
behind it
it was like a scene out of war of the
worlds' his fireworks was so loud we
were just in the house and they started
going like what is that sound yeah I was
like rumbling the house it's really dark
in here so you can't see us but you can
still hear the fireworks I don't know if
I really told you guys but all of my
family is basically in Ohio like my
mom's side of the family and my dad's
side of the family all the aunts uncles
cousins everyone's here so it's really
fun to come back haven't been back in
like two plus years
Mary's never been did you have a fun
time yeah
there's a lot different than Colorado
I'm just having to go back in the
morning
but we're trying to come back maybe in
the fall time we'll see if we can or not
but we're really tired as well so
bedtime is now oh and happy fourth of
July I hope you had a fun time if you
show off fireworks if you had a barbecue
when saw fireworks well that's none of
the vlog thanks for watching I hope you
had a super fun Independence Day and
instead of common of the day today I'm
gonna ask you guys a question what did
you do for 4th of July who'd you spend
it with leave your answer in the
comments down below and we'll try and
reply to some of you guys and yeah I
guess this kind of only applies to
Americans because if you're in Germany
you're probably not gonna celebrate
American Independence Day but if you're
out of the country you can still leave a
comment like just what did you do on
July 4th still makes sense right anyway
it'd be cool to read what you guys did
and that's it also don't settle to be
mediocre be great once you guys tomorrow
all right peace
