well great morning everybody and welcome
back to blogs hope you've had a great
day so far
whenever you're watching this hope
you're doing well it's 7:13 a.m. and
Brittany and I have actually been up
since about 5:30 a.m. because if you
guys watched I think he was two vlogs
ago we briefly told you that we're going
to Missouri so that's what we're doing
today we're going to I think it's a
fallon Missouri
my aunt uncle and cousins live there and
we haven't seen them in a while so my
parents are coming to pick us up my dad
said you rented some big van and we're
driving there I'm going to be spending
the next five days or so hanging out
then surprisingly put both our clothes
in this one suitcase me just didn't know
like I last we were packing and I put
all my stuff you know like I made sure
that I left a ton of room for him like
an equal amount and it doesn't just like
layered all his clothes on top and roses
hey I need some clothes for the trip I
was surprised that you don't want the
suitcase to yourself you're like let's
share I was like okay that's what's
happening we're sharing and then we got
a backpack soon snack so I think we're
good to go
Magic School Bus just arrived good grief
this is going to be such a fun road trip
car so this trip is going to be with
we're with Hannah
this is Ben the bf mom the mom I don't
need her name she's mom and dad thanks
for getting this you got a brother right
so get out of here
so before the road chipper we stopped
down until we I haven't blogged this yet
but I don't even know if I've talked
about this I'm so dang excited about
this because it's a healthy market and
Colorado Springs where we live it
doesn't have places like this yet or
hasn't so we're getting a quick coffee
to go because their coffees insanely
good cook it and if you guys follow me
on snapchat I already posted this but I
have to show the blog that famine as
well
they've real-life bees making honeycomb
how cool is this
I love bees
yes places so cool that wasn't coffee
back here it's a new day now
I forgot the vlog camera when we left
this morning so I didn't really get much
footage we went to church and then we
went out to breakfast then we went to go
buy some fireworks and then we went to
Kohl's and went shopping and now we're
back but it's like five o'clock and yeah
it's been raining all day so that's been
great and he's time for a quick workout
actually getting ready right now to go
get some pizza and maybe go bowling
because they're right next to each other
it might actually be in the same
building but yeah this was for dinner
I'm gonna come back and shoot off some
fireworks it's gonna be so fun hopefully
it stops raining soon I really wanted to
fly the drone and get some cool shots of
fireworks I mean it's not really raining
too hard it's just kind of sprinkling I
don't know how well the drone flies in
rain or if it even does but tomorrow is
supposed to be a hundred percent chance
of rain so oh grandma is joining the
adventure as well it is
first bathroom break of the day I think
it's like at 11:10 hours drive so not
too bad but I don't know how much I'm
going to film because there's only so
much we can do in the car for 10 hours
don't you just love how right when you
walk in a gas station they promote
saltwater taffy and candy and junk food
where's all the healthy food we don't
need any of this crap in our systems
where it's going oh it's going more than
just there and right here hopefully soon
some day soon that'll change people so
we brought some on the road snacks good
stuff I found this in the store it sound
good zesty pizza sprouted flax snacks
YUM
yes pumpkin seeds they're not even spicy
I don't even know why I says I zero
barbecue macadamia nuts almonds maybe
everything they give you really bad bad
cashews but good for you they just gave
us a kombucha yes yes my dad
as this linked
hot spot so I'm able to upload a while
on the road
so we made it safely guys it's actually
the next day we got there a little it
was kind of dark and then we had dinner
and then we went to bed and we're kind
of chatting so didn't really want to
film while we were first getting back
together so but obviously we'll
introduce you to the whole family the
cousins during this vlog soon we're
actually going to go out on the jet ski
now because by the way I haven't even
showed you where we're at this so this
is where we're staying this is the deck
right down there bug there's the boats
they have jet skis a dock so gonna go
out there I'm gonna bring the GoPro I
think I did want to point out here is
there's so many of these little bug
things they're telling us they only live
for a day and they just they're
everywhere they're all over the windows
all over the ground and don't know
what's over here but there's a cocoon of
sorts actually a few of them like what
is that they're both there Oh No
the bowling alley is closed
our net resource pizza here's all the
fireworks we got nice little selection
some bigger cannonball things and some
rockets but before it gets dark I want
to try this hot pink smoke I got cuz I
usually have these liking the big white
ones but I saw hot pink cuz like whoa
that sounds cool so let's go try that's
cool
wow that's super cool in the tree that
cool or what oh gosh it smells so bad
ahh
eat it okay don't do that that's super
fun it goes forever by the way more
fireworks and that's it baby already
nice doing right over our house it's
down straight down the front yard you
know I didn't see anything here I'm
gonna go behind you good so I can't see
anything those oh I'm recording my bad
you're gonna have to do this yeah I
don't know if I saw that guy here this
time nice we're trying to find the
Rockets now they landed somewhere over
here oh oh yeah one good eye thank
you
we found why anyone went more over here
yeah I have one souvenir
ah Pizza time Oh fellas good very
excited right jet ski the Jay said it
goes 70 miles an hour
Haneda journey right it oh yeah the jet
ski oh the jiske yeah yeah and they ever
you guys gonna ride the jet yeah and
they say there's a tube that you can
pull as well that's so cool
beautiful out here and then the big boat
dad already rode the desk II get back
here
we're waiting for you to leave
yeah I'm ready go well well he's having
fun
we're all waiting thick yeah we're on
the boat now by the way I haven't
introduced you to everybody everyone say
hi is it Rachel and Alex are cousins and
then the boyfriend and girlfriend say
your real life name though
Zachary told me yeah I know we're
getting ready to ride the tube so it's
gonna be very fun
you excited Hannah yeah Oh aunt uncle
doesn't knock sign are you
what about you brandy
in the end
in Japan
in the end
man whoa Oh such a blast
you live in Oh Oh got um about two and a
half hours to upload this I'm scheduling
it for tomorrow so I'm good to go
if you guys haven't seen this yet it's
up it's almost nighttime we're setting
up for a little bit of fireworks display
with Grandma
but first I'm on the search for some
lightning bugs so we don't have
lightning bugs in Colorado so it's
always fun to come out to Ohio and find
some light Oh searching searching
there's one
here's the fire book set up some
sparklers some tanks some fountains then
we got like some cannons over here yeah
I'm trying to fly the drone over the
cannons and see what happens the ladies
are in the bug tent this is grandma by
the way it's time for tank Wars tank
word ready yeah the other one went out
yeah my beers upside down and my other
one didn't even light the fire upside
down he flipped and he didn't even do
anything
and the grand finale is the wheel of
fire run
yay we love fire time for late-night
snacks what's on the menu Bob I have
some chicken some green bell pepper
sweet potatoes mushrooms mushrooms
apparently like mushrooms so just a
quick easy little snack you can make on
the grill oh wow
dad's desperate young arty of my salad
that's very yummy yay hey Wow
yeah yeah and they're crazy oh man it's
been a pretty jam-packed day today got
no complaints it's beautiful out here I
also did want to say to you guys maybe I
can find it there is a fireflies out
here and I've never seen fireflies
before it was so weird last night when
we came in there all blinking this stuff
it'd be cool if I can find some there's
also tons of frogs too so here's where
we're staying that's where the parents
are to me and Britt are sharing this
blow-up bed last night the blow-up bed
that they had before didn't work so I
had to get a new one we woke up and we
were like halfway sunk and we just slept
on the ground but it's cool up here it's
like a little loft hey everyone and
that's the end of the video thanks so
much for watching let's read a couple
comments of the day I knew it
Bernie Sanders is a doll I didn't
realize that that doll I found actually
kind of looks like Bernie Sanders until
I saw a couple of your comments so
that's pretty funny
thank you Justin and Andrew for always
entertaining us you are most welcome
Noah you guys inspire me every day to do
better in my life I love you guys
awesome video thanks so much Ryan for
the nice comment reading comments like
this makes us want to keep making videos
so we really appreciate it
hello new
Minn hello Milman be sure to give this
video like if you had a fun time
watching and today
don't settle to be mediocre be great and
we'll see you guys in the next video
alright peace Rob here in the Burmese
jungle looking for critters look a lion
