what is up guys welcome back to vlogs
marry my dad and I are in Ohio until
July 5th because we're visiting my
grandma just spending 4th of July here
and it's so exciting because I haven't
been here in a couple years to visit
family and meri has never been here so
that's what we're doing the next couple
days hanging out here in Ohio we're in
southern Ohio right now this is a small
little town where my grandma lives this
is where my dad grew up so there's dad
but we were getting ready right now to
go visit the Amish farm because there's
an Amish community just down the road I
think and they sell like really yummy
vegetables and Donuts and they brought
the drone with us so we can fly around
now are you ready to go visit the Amish
Amish he's doing something over here
while the corn is gone we were gonna get
instead no oh this is what he was doing
hey yeah thanks it's probably cheesecake
fudge Wow a lot of cool snacks all these
are good Oh yummy pass that's cool they
can just write on the walls this is dry
erase marker yep hot pepper butter and
they have a hoard of it on the grass got
a couple things peaches some Tomatoes
some cabbage and then I saw one of the
ladies brought out some fresh bread and
it was like warms behind to buy some now
we're saying hi to horsey
Gary this is the Amish garage here with
the buggies
Thanks we moved down the road to another
Amish place but this is like a bakery so
you can go get food and stuff and they
have a furniture store right next to it
and if you want to park your horse here
go ahead just leaves pile of poo it
smells so good in here a bakery yes good
job guys
doughnuts these doughnuts are huge by
the way Treasury borders work and all
the doughnuts are done we use some Amish
cheese
holy that's a lot of butter beans dad
was talking to one of the ladies working
and they sell 400 dozen donuts on a
typical weekend
that's just insane
whoa yeah the deer is cool then wolf
howling at the moon
hey we're gonna go take a look at the
furniture store now beds there's nice
table stop here at Newman's grocery they
got the goods
we got some veal down at newman's the
veal is like a I think that said there's
a lamb Peppa meat so that and some ski
pop haven't had a soda and I can't
remember the last time I had a soda but
ski pop pretty popular down here so
might as well just get one for tradition
but also found these guys just hanging
out outside hey they're dried look take
the kick thing I think we're gonna try
and ride down to the lake maybe go
swimming because it's within biking
distance so it's really fun I've got my
swimsuit on I'm probably gonna jump in
the lake when we get there on our bikes
I'll show you the room were staying in
for next couple days here's our room
it's so exciting I think this was dad's
old room when he was growing up but he
has three sisters and they all had to
live in this room and this room out here
that's crazy and they have a suite
workout machine yay also I'm charging
the drone battery so we can fly it let
me get back Aaron and mom couldn't come
to Ohio because I couldn't get time off
work unfortunately so yeah that's why
they're not here but grandma's garage
has some really fun stuff in here like
there's a safari hat over there you take
these stairs and there's a whole this
whole upper like loft part in the garage
has a bunch of cool and unique toys so
we'll go out there and explore in a
little bit we want to make sure we get
to the lake before it gets too cold
outside I guess I mean it's so really
hot out but it's like 430 ish all the
bikes are running fantastic yep it's
pretty hot today though
on our way now
doo-doo-doo-doo there's a trail right up
here that takes you all the way down to
the lake so I go find it here's the
trail we found it yeah
Redbox yes yeah this boat was a bumpy
trail this town grandma lives in it's
like super small but it's really old and
really fun
they don't have these in Colorado but
it's a dry K drive-thru 7-eleven just
drive through there get sex there's dad
I wish they did have these in Colorado
you don't have to get out of your car to
get some snacks yes it drive-thru you
just drive through that yeah like Alma
this way but the trail ends
ah that's dad again
everytime dad's driving with Grandma
they're gonna meet us there I think he
can't just go that way
made it to the lake there's a swimming
area there nice there's an island in the
middle it's pretty cool some people
barbecuing well that was fun
Mary pointed out that my tank top tan is
very funny she said like when I was way
out there I looked like I was just
wearing a white tank top that's okay I
like white tank tops but now we're gonna
ride our bikes around the lake and then
take the trail back home and then maybe
figure out what's for dinner so you
ready let's go for a ride
someone let off some fireworks here
lucky we stopped because we saw this
cool gazebo so Wow hey I have plugs if
you're in desperate need for power you
can get some here and lights yeah
device
marriages taught me new dance moves it
was insane what dance is that oh maybe a
waltz maybe a wall it's you're doing
like a box formation yeah anyways thanks
gazebo now we're stopping at the Piggly
Wiggly Mary really wants an apple so
we're going to Piggly Wiggly I don't
know what accent this is but I figured
the person who named Astra Piggly Wiggly
would have it I've coached a Piggly
Wiggly has moon pies not what we're here
for how annoyed would you guys be if we
did an entire vlog in a different accent
I don't know if I could do that
are you going to be paste that's a
good-looking Apple can I have one
yay I think I told you guys why it was
like deleted last night in about an hour
so we didn't get in until about 11 12
ish then we had to drive to Grandma's
house so we didn't get to Grandma's
house and go to bed until about 2:00
a.m. so we're pretty tired today
avocados
he's candy squishy I kind of want to buy
a whole box of these imagine if you lit
these all off at the same time ah wah
wah shored
now one of the exciting parts about
grandma's house is she has that shower
that's in the basement she got to climb
down the stairs
aha
all showered up do you guys want to see
a funny old picture of me
I'll show you that's me after a
cross-country race I had blond hair we
all everybody on our team bleached their
hair for State and yeah that was awkward
but wow that's old guys all right guys
it's time to go exploring the upstairs
they want this safari hat oops
no looks good
route here in the Burmese jungle looking
for critters
look a lion
this is a rare Burmese lion we're going
up the stairs it's very hot up here by
the way Wow
the ancient grandma attic holy beans
it's hot up here what happened so many
spiderwebs some really old baseball gear
oh nice wooden bats yeah I think so
there's some old golf clubs
jezus I love jezus
here's Grandma and Grandpa there's yeah
what is this all about
oh my eyes that helps yeah it's probably
not in there still but Barbie's dream
home now this is worth something I think
wow this is the house this is it the
house this is a Barbie's freaking dream
house this is must be the original plate
the design of the couch no you know what
era this is when this is the couch
design crazy house a good find
I don't know antique road show how much
is this worth this is my aunt's my dad's
sister that's not bad guys date on that
1967 man who are these people
Wow we're up here
yeah I don't know hey guys it's us
they're just two old people in this way
no it's be cute I'm not making creepy it
just already is creepy yes a hundred
bucks yeah oh dang it forty bucks good
yeah so your dad Oh can't wait to
fishing or this is a cool picture
September 1960 so it's a yeah yeah Wow
nice photography has come a long way no
just sad that back then they didn't have
the technology we do now and they
weren't able to capture cool moments but
that's okay I mean even the pictures
they did have or like no they okay but
now it's like our just our phones can
take just way better pictures yeah yeah
I know many of you remember those days
taking the film down to Walgreens and
getting it yeah developed yeah how's the
temperature down there yeah really
sweaty up here these stairs are so I
can't even put my feet straight like
you're normal my toes are hanging off
dinner is almost ready but we're just
kind of chilling out here in the no bugs
zone it's like only really big bugs can
get in but the mosquitoes stay out I
don't get it I already got a mosquito
bite right there yeah just from flying
the drone ouch it's like as soon as the
Sun starts going down the mosquitoes are
like eat
tomorrow and Monday is supposed to be
kind of rainy which is kind of
unfortunate because fourth of July is on
Monday the other sad thing is we wanted
to come out here to see red white and
boom which is like the firework show in
Columbus and every year they have it on
the 3rd of July
except for this year which they moved it
to the first which was the day we flew
in and we missed it and that's the end
of the vlog thanks for watching it's
actually kind of funny because Justin
sent me footage from his family trip
because he said the upload speed where
he's at is not very good so tomorrow I'm
gonna upload Justin's vacation stuff
with a little bit more of a high oh
stuff so tomorrow's gonna be a really
fun vlog come back ok and before I go
quick comment of the day yesterday's
video was a toilet hood report so it was
really hard to find comments that didn't
have to do with toilet reports so here
we go do more toilet paper reports like
if you agree 331 likes wow I'm just so
happy you guys like totally bit before
it's and they're really fun to make and
I'm glad you guys like the newest one
the triple decker because that was
really fun to make go to Bass Pro and
stay in the ground blind that's a good
idea it's a new not really a fort but a
kind of new take on it so maybe we'll
try that bring a TV into your next
toilet paper for it that's a good idea
especially if you do a 24-hour one we're
gonna need something to keep us busy
make the fort look like a luxury
apartment with carpet and wallpaper and
beanbags and paintings and plants we
kind of did that and one of the other
ones but not fully so that's actually a
good idea we'll try that as well and
yeah that's it so we'll see you guys
tomorrow alright peace
I interested he's gonna come up
