great morning everybody welcome back to
vlogs today is the day we fly back home
to Colorado but before we do that we're
doing a little exploring with Keith and
Paige not sure what this area is called
but it's take a look see for yourselves
it's right on the coast line down here
Hey
we got a nice little canyon over here
handsome shade if you need to hide from
the Sun
lunch before we get picked up to get
headed to the airport chest they're
closed
why they better be open I'm hungry
yeah this is calm this is a cool
environment their clothes they open at
5:00 and it's 4:50 we get picked up at
5:00
Wow that sa Ebola was good surprisingly
very filling this wall thank you
and now our ride is here to pick us up
to take us back to the airport just kind
of make sure we cure it and get
everything by Keith by page we have
checked in and put our bags check bags
and now time to get in line way through
security yeah yeah hopefully they don't
take away my charger that I got as a
gift
don't get mad at me I guess we'll find
out guys we'll keep you updated no easy
way to bring this up before hand these
guys I know just have to see what
happens snapchat okay
you think Gilroy is good
got my shoes on and maybe damaged doors
for what's happening there you have it
the charger does not cause any problems
you know you just don't look at what it
looks like it matters what's inside it
yeah yeah they're smarter than that
you got check for your computer
smoothly yeah
this way everything here is like under
construction
it's crazy I mean just the ceilings like
what is happening we're gonna pull all
the device ready for anybody who hasn't
been watching daily vlog you put you
probably wondering what we've been
talking about they gave us the X we're
trying not to say the word because you
know that sure that's what we are trying
to get here we thought we a lot of you
thought it would be a problem which I
thought over the apartment well yeah
because you see this on the scanner and
it's like well I guess it doesn't really
have like a like a pull pin on the side
so this yeah made it through yes we're
getting miked up because I had the
camera and the mics in my laptop bag
so no time that means time and we got a
film or video
he's meaning to upload tomorrow oh this
is the video we were filming with Jack
but he has to get his clips by himself
because we're leaving but hopefully we
don't get in trouble in here
by everyone
I love it
where's our private
we landed safely and my bag our bags
have arrived time to go
Aaron fixes us up what we just saw you
when it was my snack
it's midnight
over here just got back to the the place
we don't even have time to relax in the
apartment because we have to go she is
back how are you jeez did you miss it
she needs some potatoes alright type of
bed be easy
well guys sorry today's vlog is a little
shorter than usual
we are finally all cut back and caught
up with blogs obviously we're home now
and guess what the next vlog that we
upload is gonna be a toilet paper for
you guys have been asking for it so mean
Andrew went out and did it so I hope you
guys are excited for that
but before and it's got to go over some
comments of the day of course first
comment Michael said trying to be
comment of the day life lives life dies
life laughs life cries life gives up and
life tries but life looks different
through everyone's eyes did you come up
that all by yourself Michael if so good
job if not still good job cuz that
sounds like a good quote I love it don't
wait for the future be the future and it
looks like Brian started something new
Bible verse of the day I can do all
things through Christ who strengthens me
Philippians 4:13 that is a fantastic
Bible verse thank you for posting that
Comet Ryan very good verse and last but
not least if it's clear you can't
achieve your goals don't change your
goals change your actions
couldn't have said it better myself cuz
that's that's so true you might be on
the right path but maybe you just need
to take a different route or a different
method to achieve your goals or whatever
you're pursuing so don't give up again
thanks for watching make sure to leave a
like if you're excited for the
toilet-paper force and I guess we will
see you back here on Monday by the way
me and Brittany are going to Missouri
for a family vacation to visit my
cousins and just spend time with the
family so it's gonna be a really fun
next couple of days you can have some
fun vlogs they live by a lake so they're
probably gonna be doing a lot of outdoor
activities you excited Brit enjoy the
rest of your day and stay ABI because
you can't good bye so we got some
appetizers vegan nachos vegan hot wings
which is cauliflower and
