great morning everyone Andrew Brittany
and I are starting the morning off going
to Ralph's because if you watched
yesterday's vlog we aren't at VidCon
anymore we're not at the hotel we're
staying in a new place so we need to get
some food some breakfast because there's
nothing there so we're walking right
down the street
Ralph's yay okay nevermind we decided to
get you Polly yay this is fabulous for
watching old vlogs Johnny's gonna give
me a what is this an energy massage
massage it's already starting to
intensify this is
yeah
Johnny for the studio YouTube channel
what is it
Johnny Smith soos YouTube channel should
I make that a channel just yeah let him
know in the comments it's Johnny by the
way we are uploading the vlog right now
if you guys have no coming up with
titles and thumbnails is actually a very
hard part about uploading videos
sometimes we spend upwards to 20 30
minutes on just figuring out the title
and thumbnail it sure can't figure it
out right now
do you guys want to see the thumb now
this is the thumbnail what could we
possibly title this but there you know
what we weapons yeah they do know we
don't know radio a stripping flavor pill
flavor pill and your dry spells pills I
was a great massage but now it's
Justin's turn their really good to have
do you get them all the time since I
actually know you've been dropping the
ball yeah we're talking with John is
grandma on the phone Justin say hi to
ground all spend say hi to Grandma hi
grandma
did you have breakfast today so we've
kind of spent the morning just uploading
videos emails and Britney's actually
been working on a project because kmf
we've told you guys yet but she's doing
a photo shoot with this awesome
photographer who's out
and she's made her own outfits she made
this and what do you need to get right
now I need a hot glue gun making this
crown I can show you guys
she has like the seashells that she's
gluing on this crown it looks so cool
holy cow there are so many fabrics in
this door what it goes all the way back
there think you said this they film a
lot of America's models they film a lot
of that here I sent oh wow
coming up
no trying to get back in to where we're
staying but the gates locked and we
don't have a passcode but thankfully
andrew is coming to save the day
thanks bud it's gonna save us on the
other side because this this community
is like really secure lots of gates and
doors that no bad guys can get in unless
you have friends who can help DJ let us
in do you push I think you push or
something other way he saved the day for
all of us
Johnny a DJ are leaving DJ will come to
Colorado soon I just your suitcase is
the biggest suitcase I everything should
I close my toothbrush this is nuts
Johnny Gabi YouTube Kim Jo and and why
why okay you yeah I'm gonna fill them up
a storm one weekend I've been behind the
scenes by our roommates so I don't know
if you guys know sir that he does and if
he doesn't usually make sure you got
filmed it's yeah I'm gonna make you make
sure he films remember oh yeah I got to
do that too a setback is a perfect
opportunity for a company
yes you don't say it that's like a bow
and arrow
so yeah Johnny tell your outfit black
it's like three two one Wow
now that the fellas have left we're
doing or heading out to do a photo shoot
for Miss Brittany here this is looking
what is this look correct get the crowd
I know she just made a crown we never go
to Malibu should be a blast
this car is packed valent in pain over
here
you got nice seat to yourself oh yeah my
feet we finally made it just our drive
down here to the Malibu we're good yeah
this birds on the hunt for some snacks
in the water I think you see some cool
snacks yep
did you get something bro on today's
episode of more jay steal reptiles we
found a lizard let's get a little closer
attempt to say hi get back here he's
gone
this is nuts easy we out here with the
whole crew photo shoot is going on right
now Britney's rocking all the Nike gear
this is a function
she's doing two outfits I think that's
one of them and then she's got like a
cold dress as well to switch to the
other outfit now oh yeah we just
finished but I heard you did a good job
so high five yeah we had a fun time here
on the beach in Malibu gorgeous sunset
tonight these guys
oh wait
it is time for a late-night dinner with
the crew here it's almost 10 p.m.
we're here at Sage I don't know what
kind of food they have here but it looks
like it's organic good types of food we
love hanging out with them because they
all they eat is like health and stuff
like that and since they're vegan so
it's fantastic
Keith what what is this place famous for
you were telling us about the vegan ice
cream how many flavors do they have at
least a dozen this whole a plant-based
Bistro holy crap
well I may try Pizza BBQ pineapple yeah
there's so many options
is it the heater on over here who says
you can't be vegan look at all these
options they said we could taste the ice
cream before dinner yes
super invasion
the one Pacific a superfood ice cream
this is the best
what do you think Andy there's a good
ice
I just tried the coffee which was so
good coconut blueberry and super food
which was chocolate madness Yong can
have that as a protein post-workout at
unit oh I love to just get super foot
right so we got some appetizers vegan
nachos vegan hot wings which is
cauliflower let's try a bite
Oh vegan ranch would you try a nacho
it was good very good thank you guys so
much for bringing us here yeah for
knowing about this thank you for letting
us know for drinks he got kombucha on
Tapia barbecue pizza to your mouth not
fish
that's the BLT a sandwich this is the
Reuben my brownie sundae good thing you
guys are sharing and me and Burton
you're sharing this this is vegan
everything's okay because it's BA they
warmed it up that's all we have for
today's vlog every watching guys you
went ham on the comments yesterday yeah
it's really cool to see everybody
writing down their dreams and stuff so
it was really cool yeah speaking of
dreams we did read a lot of your
comments regarding the dreams it's
really cool but so many guys made us
laugh too
first comment of the day my dream is to
give Daisy a potato I was thinking it'd
be funny if we ever did a meet-up here
in Colorado to bring Daisy and Buford
then that dream could actually become a
reality for ya I think they want to do
that make America great again what do we
need more toilet paper forts yes and we
shall build more toilet paper forts we
will give you the audience what you want
more toilet paper forts Brahmas right
okay we're doing a new toilet paper for
today guys so be on the lookout uncut
vlog like if you agree with me that
would just be intense I was actually
thinking about that because as youtubers
we're always cutting the videos taking
out stuff mess-ups and be fun to see to
show you guys what it looks like when we
when we film and the mess ups that
happen that would be fun so maybe we'll
try that soon a live stream for 24 hours
what whoa that's a long time yeah bro
but nothing is out of the question
by the way we're live streaming tonight
update is coming soon on j stu studios
so we're gonna be doing some snapchat
stuff it's gonna be crazy
yeah so follow us on snapchat
fun livestream definitely but yeah
that's all we got for today as you can
tell we're back from Colorado now but
there's still some California blogs so
yeah we're gonna be uploading those and
you're not gonna want to miss them
thanks for all the support you guys have
been giving us lately we love you guys
we sure do
I'll see you later that means goodbye so
Jack just finished up getting his clips
for his video how'd it go Jack good it
went really good and now they're gonna
do theirs and the first reaction was
gold already oh yeah
