whoa hey everybody welcome back to vlogs
how's it going hope you're doing well
we're in a foam pit right now check it
out whoa this is the biggest foam pit
ampere but a drove tell them what we're
doing hurry before well Matthews coming
in today's his birthday but we're hiding
in the foam pit and seeing if he can
find us yeah maybe we shouldn't hide by
each other
yeah get away from me
I think he knows we're here he's over
there he's just buying his uh entry pass
yeah we'll both hide over there
I don't think he saw us
no I'm honestly not sure how deep this
goes
this foam pit but it seems pretty deep I
could definitely find some good hiding
spots is that Matthew Dorian think you
found us let's get this vlog started and
show you a rat
happy birthday Matthew how do you feel
how old are you I'm 18
oh are you vlogging on this yes yeah
Andrew Tom why were blogging on iPhone
today
well because we had the vlog camera we
tried to turn it on but it wouldn't turn
on what the heck what no battery but
it's okay because iPhone actually has 4k
video capability so this might be better
than vlog camera promise yeah okay we're
taking on a little break from jumping
and we're going to build a Gary Poppins
cube wall out of these things are you
ready yes start throwing them up guys
pretty good making it four cubes hi
direct the Wall fell we're just trying
to get a slow-mo shot guys elastin
through the wrong alright so since it
took a while to build this wall we're
gonna play rock paper scissors to see
who gets to blast through the wall right
already
drop your decision shoot all three of us
at the same time shoot
winner wins okay Rock Paper Scissors
shoot oh I guess I'm out Oh Rock Paper
Scissors shoot Oh Matthew I don't think
that gets your hands but Oh least a shot
all right Matthew you ready for this
slow-mo Savage
guys ever Rockwall I'm gonna try it how
talented is Andrea rock climbing AHA
this is the slow-mo trapeze ready ready
Wow
this is called the back flop all right
we are now doing the one line run
challenge see who can get the farthest
we can only run on this thing you can
start with one foot on it so let's go
you're just gonna sprint yep
see how far you get yeah all right and
go wow that's pretty good
all right this is the reverse plank yeah
all done with triple een world but there
is something right around here that is
very suspicious
Andrew inform um we've been here before
but it's probably gonna be different
this time but it's an advantage
mini-golf course check it out what
happened
that's clue one of sister business this
place is actually kind of freaky there's
literally no signs anywhere it's just
completely abandoned like what is this
just a rope hanging out of the older
graffiti and guys someone's already been
here there's something coming out of the
window no but look these are not my
footprints
party
it's the exact way it was left what is
this dude it's like a rack in here oops
take a quick look inside is anyone home
you gotta finish late that's scary
ouch people have been down there's
graffiti look for stairs there's
probably rares down there what's that I
don't know something cool yeah it's a
treasure pit Matthew went to the
bathroom yeah why hey guys what oh yeah
man you okay sorry I just thought I lost
you right next to you oh is that a
fireman's pole can you slide down but if
you're walking and someone just grabbed
your leg oh let's get out of here yeah
wow it's so much nicer
how we write it's reserved for advanced
golfers only Oh
okay I'm an advanced golfer so you stay
here so lucky tell my mom I love her all
done guys
any final words from you guys that place
is creepy
yeah and stay warm if you're cold yes
check out his channel look at the
description do it see you guys next time
