great afternoon everybody welcome back
to vlogs VidCon is over as you guys know
everybody has gone home they have put
away all of the venue stuff the parties
and we're about to go home too we just
got all our stuff ready and we didn't
vlog it but Erin and Mary just left this
morning they had flights back home but
we're staying out a few extra days but
we got to leave now so bye hotel thank
you for having us stay here many times
our bags got a chill in the storage
because we don't know where we're
staying next we got to figure that out
stop by the coffee bean to get an iced
coffee it's kind of hot out we're just
hanging out you know enjoying the
weather we are going to head down to
Huntington Beach to shoot a collab video
of sorts with Jack Ville that's where
Jack is right now so we called an uber
over they were just oh yeah
thank you bye thank you
we have found the real-life Jack Vale
it's right there we're filming a prank
here with all the fellas hey guys
so Jack just finished up getting his
clips for his video how to go Jack
good it went really good and now they're
gonna do theirs and the first reaction
was gold already yeah oh so funny oh
yeah what's this video called by the way
that we're doing wiping smudges people's
faces they don't exist
part 2 featuring Jase - yeah we're
having fun already out you're in check
bill so Andrew you want to get some
light veil
so Andrews gonna get some singles I
think you want more okay one more we're
doing some together and then some
singles
we were gonna get you we have plans to
break even about two minutes so you
notice the cameras darn it I'm like that
is such a great idea I cannot wait I
wish that I could do it myself it was so
good and now you're giving me I see that
you're giving me the permission Jack's
gonna do our pranks outro in the next
prank on Jason's videos I can't wait
you guys will see it very soon but it's
been fun hanging with you jack great
meeting with all you guys Chris blog
hugs Oh Chris Jack I love you thanks
Chris me buddy
guys Chris bill Jack needs to do that
Chris hey Jack quit Chris for us
Oh
by the way we just got some food here
Jan's health bar we love this place they
just closed food anyways hiding up like
that all the time so here back at the
hotel filming with Jack was such a blast
can't wait to upload these videos but
we're waiting for our uber now because
obviously we're not staying here anymore
but we're staying a few extra days so
we're just getting an uber to pick us up
to take us to the next place that we're
staying which is with Keith and Paige
again I think DJ Senate's going to be
there as well so it's gonna be a fun
couple next couple of days wow this is
nice area we may be here with Keith and
page and we're going to get some dinner
we're still alive I know we lied we made
it over here in West Hollywood
it's been a long last few days it got in
their car and they have Ernie's journey
bigdhaas is album fabulous you guys have
this in all night oh yeah I know dodges
step in his game up bringing back the
classics
hitting up that veggie grill keeping it
healthy wall on the road yay
teeth just told me the veggie girl is a
hundred percent vegan no needs all good
ingredients so we got the buffalo wings
buffalo wings and mac and cheese so good
I can't wait to try this so we're here
at the movie theater we're seeing the
shallows and Keith has introduced us to
a theatre we've never been to before me
and Brittany so yeah this is we had to
actually choose our seats this time did
we wake you
guys I have recliners have you ever been
to a movie theater like this
what the heck guys thank you for showing
us this starting guys gotta go no
walking okay sorry
the movie was not bad definitely it was
entertaining but I wouldn't say it was
it was all of that it was pretty cool
visually and the storyline was alright
but it was all in all a pretty
entertaining night can't complain but
we'll give you a full tour of where
we're staying tomorrow cuz it is kind of
late right now we're tired everyone's
getting ready for bed so I guess we'll
get you to mom wall folkies for watching
the vogue of today be sure to come back
tomorrow but as always we got some
comments we want you to go through and
well the first comment of the day is
what is your battery % ass while
watching this video mine's at 90% I
actually forgot to charge my phone last
night so it's at 33% right now I woke up
and I was at 9 I was like oh we came
home you almost had a heart attack
yeah mine's at 100% see you did good
inspirational comment of the day's never
do anything halfway always put in near
all because you never know if you're
going to be here tomorrow that's a good
yeah always give it your all yeah thanks
for leaving that comment we need more
inspirational comments do a 24 hour long
vlog what Wow
is that even possible I don't know we'll
see yeah we may have to try that but
that might take a while to film I might
make 24 hours yes it's my dream Hanna
huh what what is your dream
it's my drinking we need a follow-up
comment I know you listen to my
cliffhanger
well guys leave us your dreams and goals
below we're curious to know what your
lifetime dream is forgot it yeah oh
that's it for the comments we did
something really fun yesterday so you're
gonna want to check out tomorrow on yeah
we got a lot of footage for you guys
thanks for always being so supportive
have a great day stay happy because get
good bye
No
