well great morning everybody today's a
day we're flying to California this
morning and right now I am dropping
Daisy off she's going to be staying with
a pet sitter you excited and I love that
I found this site has a bunch of local
pet sitters and this person also has
another dog so they met the other day
and they got along so I'm super excited
Daisy gets to have a friend and a good
family to take care of her while we're
gone all right drop Daisy off my mom
just picking us up taking us to the
airport
yay hey mom thanks for taking us to the
airport shades you're looking so hip I
call the old Eva goodies there is Andrew
come on it get in the car thanks mom bye
made it to security we all checked our
bags in because we didn't want to pile
everything into a small suitcase so I
love color Springs Airport two it is
never busy no line security and it's
close to it so this is very
put the camera decide facedown yay hey
you should right there and they sit here
Oh got you read that down
okay
we wrote it though
yes California here we are
hey how's the flight how's your flight
good good no reentry it passed this
point aha watch as we watch Andrew get
his bag
I get back that's my bag
oh yeah whoa I grab back to I'm strong
you get the whole backseat of three huh
yes
the other two are coming a little later
yes this is a cool dreaming a way to
draw a nose Oh
we're going through all kinds of
backdoors
okay I think we're almost there
we've been walking for about 40 minutes
okay we got badges and our names are
actually imprinted on yoga yes where's
your badge
yes we have just got to the room guys
this is so cool so look around we have
two beds one for me one for Britt you're
sitting in this room am I supposed to
sleep more you know we've connected
rooms this time oh one for me one for
Erin and Mary to sleep here oh please I
get it Beth but it's so cool these rooms
right we come in have a you tube pillow
which I hope we get to keep so I want a
you tube pellet and a welcome letter
welcome to VidCon here we celebrate you
a new generation of superstar you
influenced millions of people daily and
inspire us a million times more get out
there and express yourself hard in the
world and live in the moment
welcome to VidCon the YouTube team oh my
gosh YouTube that was so friendly they
gave us like goodie gift bag this year
like if you guys have been watching for
a while we come to VidCon every year and
we haven't ever been like fully featured
creators or invited and so this year's
pretty cool that they actually did that
and it happened
first up we have this now you're
probably wondering what this is me too
it's a USB power bank shaped in like a
pineapple whoa look at this one what is
that a grenade this is awesome bitch
100% charge with no smartphones okay
cool a tumblr bag never used tumblr
before but I will take this to the gym
and such as a sick gym bag wait a month
what's in here yay
tumblr helmet you guys are so cute oh my
gosh Wow coffee mug it says it's gone
vintage Polaroid camera classic instant
camera I've used this company's film and
it's like the coolest thing ever
really yeah oh yes this is like that's
exactly the one I have yeah hope you
guys have liked this session for the
unboxing sisters hope you guys are
excited for VidCon vlogs this year got
some new stuff planned and it should be
really fun so like the coolest charger I
ever seen so just got to charge it and
then it says you shake it to check the
percentage just got some food and bring
it up to the room because we still gotta
upload the prank in vlog
guys we have an eight cents breakfast so
this is absolutely fantastic so wouldn't
you get boss I always get this when we
come to VidCon it was the only place you
can get this really yummy squab red odd
bread squad goals here's the Polaroid
turned out pretty sweet good man we
should take blur is more this is cool we
would like to upload while we're here
but for anybody who knows about speeds
this is what we're working with
one Meg up come on that will probably
take like a few hours I don't know more
than that
yeah Joseph the prank is in 4k right now
we're visiting the Calvin Klein room and
this Indra wants to see their button
then be feeling like that song I did wow
that's awesome so we walked down the
hall and found way faster Wi-Fi 9 upload
now no more slow vlogs we better get
back to the room right gift upload guys
alright by the way do you want to tell
them where Erin and Mary are oh yeah
they couldn't fly in until later so
they're gonna be coming things are
flight lands like 9:30 but they're going
to try and vlog some so hopefully we can
see what they're up to almost up guys
you probably already saw this vlog but
its 8 p.m. here wait is it
my EP 7-7 okay we're not in a room
either we are out in the halls because
over here is a lot more better wifey
yeah but I hope you guys liked
yesterday's vlog
we got the videos up as you know and
we're trying to get some dinner before
we go to this party which is at the
go-kart place we see some food options
over there
not watch out
here we are looking pretty fabulous
Mikey look it looks really good
goober holy cow
yep there's definitely a party going on
over here
there we go we're officially in time to
explore hopefully the lettuce right the
go-carts yeah what up guys hey what's
your name's y'all it's great to meet you
guys yeah
what's happening Wow
we'll get down there
oh my gosh
Oh
Oh
I'm moving
Oh
what are those guys it looks like we're
going to be doing this in about 10
minutes a big race me and your DJ keep
those two member walls but Oh guys DJ
DJ's here
okay poor dude how handsome are we
alright time to race I'm in number 26
which is way back here oh you're in
front of me I see I'll pass you ok ha ha
DJ's behind me
 in your carpet
yeah
Wow
so many flipped out over there come on
is it different than a hoverboard
thanks uber just go back to the hotel
there's a really fun evening riding the
go-karts now it's time to chillax super
late guys
almost 12:30 a.m. Mary and Erin arrived
but we all are so tired where I'll just
go into bed
so we'll vlog with them tomorrow and
tomorrow the adventure starts VidCon
starts everyone's arriving so it's gonna
be crazy and hope to see you back here
tomorrow this is the end of the vlog
welcome to YouTube Mary and Erin dispute
the other here come back tomorrow for
some special surprises right right but
first comment of the day guys he'll
forget where's the prank at we just
uploaded it today so go check it out if
you haven't yet if you got some extra
time if not check out later it'll be a
funny one your next comment asparagus
anything else Erin note that about wraps
up the vlog today come back tomorrow
goodbye
I have to go behind-the-scenes footage
over here welcome back everybody
what I don't know what's say you guys
just enjoying the tape
