well great morning everyone today Andrew
and I are getting footage for tomorrow's
prank because as you guys know we're
flying out to California for VidCon
tomorrow and we only have today to film
this prank so what's that what is it
some of you guys are actually requesting
this from our last video when Justin was
taking like a ton of pictures we also
did that with the copying notes prank so
we just decided to make that a whole
video itself yeah we both got our cell
phone so we're just going ham taking
pics in so far it's really funny people
are laughing and it just looks funny so
so we're back at Garden of the Gods cuz
honestly this isn't the best best place
to do it because it's a huge tourist
destination here in Colorado so many
tourists come here so it's a good place
to be taking tons of pics so I'm set up
right here while people come and you're
getting some folks right here so
so there's a few different styles you
can do burst mode or you can do maniac
mode just go back to the house I'm
having a quick random snack a banana
with peanut butter and honey if you guys
haven't tried this you should seriously
try it's such a simple good snack and
then shortly I'm going to get a workout
in and just chill get ready for a flight
tomorrow
how you doing days these you only pay
attention when there's food involved
right yeah just got all my workout stuff
or my workout gear on shorts in tank you
know and I just pulled back up to
Andrews house because I brought over an
avocado and I left it here and I was
going to eat it before this workout but
then I remembered I left it here so I
just ate it and I'm heading to the gym
right now avocados are really good to
have before workouts and stuff because
they have a lot of good nutrients in
them they give you a lot of energy as
well so they're not a bad snack but
let's head over there now
Oh corks theory get it in I'm kind of
upset we're leaving so early because
this week is actually super cool at
worst they're either it's called peak
performance week and basically it's just
a bunch of like competitions and I
really like competitions because they
help me work harder and I get a better
workout so but I'm here today and I
think today's come today's challenges
how far you can run in 24 minutes as far
as I can see how far I get here is the
record right now
three point two or three miles by under
38 miles tread distance in 24 minutes
can I beat it I don't know but this are
on your chest and it keeps track of you
oh my gosh
finally I've done this class an hour
that was probably the hardest
Orangetheory fitness workout I've had
yet I got 3.77 on the treadmill in 24
minutes I actually did a lot better than
I thought I was gonna do I feel like no
matter what you do in life you should
always try and outdo yourself and your
own goals you always end up doing better
than you anticipate and in the end
you'll end up bettering yourself as a
whole and you'll achieve your goals a
lot faster and easier if you just
continually push yourself and first and
foremost believe in yourself is you can
do anything you set your mind to guys
now I'm going to meet Brittany and
probably get some dinner gotta get some
food in the system after today I think
it said I burned a thousand calories
which was a little insane but I'm gonna
eat an apple right now so we're going to
modern market because I got a buy one
get one can deny free food and I'm here
with the Bay
excited for food yeah dinner has arrived
we got the chicken plate with chicken
lemon asparagus and a balsamic salad she
got the same thing and look at this view
out here there's no one out here we get
to enjoy the nice sunset it's so calm
out it's warm how you liking your first
bites what is this over here
nothing now we came to Target to look at
their shirts to see if they have any
good deals here because it's always fun
when you go on trips to maybe find a few
new shirts or whatnot so just taking a
look okay really America it's a bunch of
junk food on it yeah not bad $6 tank
tops okay okay
and don't forget to check the clearance
section they always have some sort of
deal like a two XL shirt that won't pick
me oh the speci hats ours Mickey Mouse
that's pretty cool all right we're back
at the house now and getting all packed
up got a nice big suitcase here they got
there well my shirts lined up by the way
I like rolling them because it creates a
lot more space got me boxes here and I
got the rich man lifestyle jacket I'm
bringing it out with where are they
these I'm just bringing the whole outfit
rich rich man life stuff it is gonna be
fabulous I'm gonna wear that some of the
parties and oh I should probably this
year as well
it's always hard like last minute
packing figuring out everything you want
to bring and then like stressing big did
I get everything oh crap we got Daisy
stuff here as well because we found
Daisy a dog-sitter you're going to a
different place this time are you
excited yeah you
so we got her some snakes or food
Britney's got her stuff out here by the
way check out Britney's new shoes she's
gonna be using for a photo shoot be
coolest where are her shoes well there
somewhere I will show you during the
trip hey guys my name is Andrew and what
I'm about to show you is some extras
from this week's prank enjoy I'm trying
to get a Star Wars action shot so you
can just keep taking tons yeah burst
mode okay oh crap - Jamie why'd you get
it and just if I hold down the button
okay I'll keep going hi I don't know if
there was a good one though now do a
real smile what like no like a real
smile no my glad there's definitely good
ones in there thank you
oh yeah that's true what was I thinking
hey can you take my picture for me yeah
cool
just keeps going fireball did you get it
all right cool thank you yeah see that's
cool huh yeah you trying to get regular
articles yeah holy cow you got some good
ones oh yes quick pic guys all right
well I'm trying to get a bunch of action
shots so as you can see you were here in
California now for VidCon whoa whoa we
can't show them too much why because
that's for tomorrow's vlog ah so this is
all you can see see me just not the room
okay we have a lot to show you guys
don't look it's very secret crap we have
to find a comment just hurry pick one
all right quickly before the vlog ends
comment of the day brian says who
already knew about this because of their
snapchats two of you liked it just so
you guys know we post things on our
snapchat before YouTube so a lot of you
may have the in on what we're doing
because of our snapchat switch if you're
on your phone
links in the description check it out
okay is that supposed to amuse me little
boys yeah they should rename their
channel to toilet paper fort builders
that's a good idea
oh we can't leave said no guys sorry I'd
blame him
that's it thanks for watching come back
tomorrow because VidCon vlogs start
tomorrow we're going to a party later so
Wow it's gonna be going crazy see you
guys tomorrow peace
good bye Janice are we live we're not
live jeez it's like we're in this CI
