a super early morning guys it's about
6:00 a.m. welcome back to vlogs today's
Father's Day and on Father's Day
my dad and I usually play a father-son
golf tournament so that's what we're
doing this morning here's my outfit I
got my Broncos hat yep Broncos shirt
orange pants so there's gonna be a good
day I think the last time I played golf
was when my uncles were in town for our
wedding which was back in September so
hopefully I can still play okay there's
our cart man scramble we're starting on
hole 13 today
we're on our way we just teed off our
first shot run it there par-3 had a
pretty good shot it's over there about
the whole gobo gobo Oh didn't hit her
now what happened I don't know you down
the hill for his birdie two birdies and
an eagle on his card so far for under
huh good try knocks that by just a pit
there's a little backup on the tee box
so we stopped at the clubhouse and got
some sandwiches gonna be good English
muffin with some bacon and some egg YUM
also supposed to get up to about 95
degrees today so it's so hot outside but
thankfully we have a little bit of shade
in the cart here hmm you had it what
happened these hills these hills this is
my best shot of the day pretty close to
the hole right out there gotta make this
for birdie can we do it yes watch this
oh no oops
at the top of that yeah
and if you think that was bad hang on
well we're on the last hole now hold 12
because we started on 13 went through
all the holes haven't made a shot yet on
camera so hopefully this is the last
hole make one on camera
pretty close last hole about ten foot
birdie
Wow no oh come on close then that's it
it's all tournament over we finished the
day one under par which is not too bad
we made a few more shots and what we
filmed I missed all the shots that we
filmed I made a couple other ones so
that's fun
and it's super hot out it's over 90
degrees now so looking forward to
getting home get some lunch
cool off hey guys guess what's happening
right now we haven't told you this yet
darn it yeah you gave it away surprise
no I Andrew tell him tell him the
surprise we've been holding back one of
the surprises we're getting picked up
right now in a car to go to somewhere to
be interviewed by Fox News Corporation
yeah they hit us up I think like last
month and it's for their show called
redeye it's on Fox I'm not sure when it
airs but it airs at like 2:00 in the
morning that's why it's called redeye
Oh see know more than you know I got you
together they want to interview us about
our toilet paper force which is really
awesome they haven't been interviewed
fully about those yet so this should be
really fun the car is here wow it's
bright right there so let's hop in did I
misspell it no I just I said we yes
would either of you guys like some water
or anything are you serious I'm okay yes
thank you
so we're here it focus on the family and
Carlos Springs it's like what is this
really who would you say this is no
thank you you came here on your little
right yes I did too and I had no idea
what it was then I don't know really
what it is now think it's like a
faith-based building and they have
studios here so we're trying to figure
out where to go exactly think you
figured it out here we are getting some
makeup done yay looks so beautiful this
this is cool studio gonna look
absolutely stunning here a few minutes
okay get miked up here top of here and
then you can kind of tuck it in push it
inside so you can hear it this is your
volume just like we said this interviews
with Fox News and obviously Fox isn't
here in Colorado so we're gonna be able
to hear them asking us questions you're
calling in this guy's can you hear me
yeah and then we're just looking in the
camera this will be a fun interview had
never done something like this Janis are
we live not live jeez it's like we're in
this CIA yeah welcome back to HOA news
we got a great broadcast where you going
this evening top story new tonight
Andrew new sports and that's all alright
we'll see you after the break also let
me show you guys you can hear that
here's the here's the microphone in his
ear you can hear it see is it working I
know they can hear I'm putting up to the
light like this really hurts you don't
want to do that then is that you Tom is
this Tom Bergeron only you guys could
hear what we're listening to right now
that was time well they're talking about
LeBron James right now LeBron James
they're trying to voice back what
they're saying can you hear what they're
saying
you know how I can only I can only hear
the the the director of the shots I
can't hear any of the other people oh
man
which black guy oh we had a black friend
named Kevin yeah like oh man I'd say
good two hours it took us two yeah cuz
you got to be sneaky you don't wanna get
caught you know making a fort in there
so
awesome yeah I've never done an
interview like this so thanks for having
us on really appreciate it
yes let us know if you want to collab in
the future ok how many you have drumming
videos how many videos yeah on our main
channel if I'm around close to 300 on
our second 800 okay okay okay a picture
with you guys but me and my daughters
just watched your video last week of
this weekend so not knowing you know
yeah would you show the Walmart for
videomic that's funny okay just got back
to the house such a fun interview it was
a fun chatting with Tom I'm not sure
what its gonna air I think Friday this
Friday
I'll figure it out and put it in the
description what exactly day it's gonna
air if you guys want to watch it over
the corner cuz I think it's a Late Show
welcome back to extreme makeover sites
household edition on tonight's episode
we have a new picture frame this is the
new picture we are installing in this
wall previously we had this picture oh
we had this picture which is so a good
picture so we're gonna find a new spot
for it but this one is very nice but wow
it's got this like wooden kind of weird
frame on it so probably gonna take that
off and then install it so let's see how
it goes wow what a screw alright I got
the wood backing off there's one piece
and other three pieces it was hard
because they were screwed into the
things how to pull them out but we did
it
how's it like looks good I know know why
does it look so small on camera I don't
know it looks bigger in real life we
promise good job thanks for watching the
other one what time is it
it's time for a comment of the day Chris
comment what about the film that you
guys shop or Andrews fishing for all you
daily Watchers out there who watch our
videos every day you'll know what we're
talking about what he's talking about
yeah say we should tell him it's
uploaded
we'll leave a link in the description
it's up it's for our contest so if you
guys want to watch it vote for us you
can check it out it's pretty funny who
ate all the dumb nuts
just know you don't have to go out of
your way to do something entertaining
vlogs like going places and doing things
you wouldn't normally do just being a
home in vlogging is cool too that's kind
of a good reminder for us Ryan I feel
like me personally I'm always wanting to
like do insane stuff for vlogs and
sometimes we don't end up getting logged
out because I focus too much I'm doing
stuff so what do you think I think well
it's not really going out of our way to
do something entertaining because we
want to do it anyways so we're not
really going out of our way
ya know it's entertaining us too so but
that's just a good reminder when what
you guys do another Q&A Wow maybe it'd
be fun to do one at VidCon like in Miami
in our hotel room or somewhere
we'll have definitely some downtime so
yeah so that could be fun guys guys guys
guys please ride the treadmill on your
hoverboard and video it would be cool
ride the treadmill on your hoverboard
I think they mix that up
no it means do it just like I know I I
don't have a treadmill so maybe I'll go
to the gym and try out tomorrow's blog
or something I don't know yeah guys
that's it for the comments we leave for
VidCon tomorrow oh yeah it's gonna be a
fun week of vlogs are gonna be out there
for a week so hope you're excited gonna
be seeing friends going to some cool
parties I guess we'll see you guys
tomorrow
Aaron's coming oh yeah we didn't tell
you it's Aaron Aaron's coming to VidCon
so making on peeps he'll meet all of us
and a Turin special guests so we'll see
you then have a great day goodbye give
it a go who's the worst most pathetic
