great morning everybody Andrew and I
have got the hoverboards out it's been a
while since we've had the hoverboards
out yeah and again very nice day here in
Colorado
where we've brought them down to this
little ravine because we want to see if
we can do some wall rides there's a
tunnel down there as well ain't you
brought a snack along you gotta bring a
juice box if you're going on long
journeys so my hoverboard is actually a
little pretty much broken but I still
ride it because like I can't even
describe it it's kind of like it has its
own mind and messes up whoa don't fall
now whoa look at this wall right this is
an intense wall riding hood who says
these hoverboards aren't off-road riding
them in water whoa you found something
where Oh guys you've experienced it
first and a grasshopper who the this is
a fully pumped basketball this way I get
it
oh then I'll hit it back is this hover
ball oh I should try and get it past you
darn it
did I win yes the tunnel
yo how you like the tunnels bro dude is
fiction wait hold on around cheap can
you stand up fully no either let's get
outta here I can try and stay with hood
ah go kind of looks like a cool shot
it's like a silhouette of you you guys
taking a quick pit stop could it turn
this off because whoa we found a tunnel
I just want to see what's in here got to
turn the flashlight on whoa this is more
graffiti zone what's back there and you
don't want to know yeah I know I don't
want also viewers beware we don't
recommend playing these tunnels yeah I
had a friend in high school died playing
on these so he's punishment being here
Yeah right here's okay but don't go like
yeah you down in there yeah that'd be a
little probably never go into the dark
caves of doom you don't know what's in
there yeah cuz it can just start raining
and flood and boom so this is as far as
we can explore him for this episode guys
yeah it's still cool but look make love
not work okay
I agree but not here not that kind of
love I'm pretty sure we can't hoverboard
down here anymore because of this
not sure where is this water coming from
it's not even raining where is this
coming from
is this it smells terrible though if you
had a tube you could tube down good
not really we drove over to a playground
now this is like super soft to drive on
Wow who's impressed
leave a like oh I was going to follow
you don't worry I'm in complete control
guys I wish people up here hey guys look
I'm just gonna try this twirly thing
okay you guys want to be in the vlog in
the vlog yeah yeah what's your name
Kyle Kyle hey guys your name pop you the
ball you guys in the vlog now you guys
just hanging in the on the playground
yeah I just saw okay that makes sense
Walter you did it now no he's
she's uh I had to use hands I can't get
we're going so fast cat you have to
better go oh but I'm scared of flying
off the edge Oh guys what Wow
I want to show him something oh stop
maniac what guys did you see that fire
pole right there I can go down on your
hoverboard Wow escape route and you get
back home to go oh also you see this
slide
Justin can do it on his hoverboard woof
it it won't fit let's just straight up
and down hot dog style yeah I'll break
the tires all right dumb idea no it's a
good one trust me
oh it's just stuck right back here and
then you'll go once you pulled over the
edge what Wow
yes Andrews turn give it a go
those the worst most pathetic attempt I
ever known I got stuck like right here
it's cuz you put your shoes down I was
getting ready for like landing a nice
let me try again with the shoes this
trick involves Justin on the swing like
that and then at one point he'll jump
off and land on the board it's up to you
rod okay oh wow
okay I'm waiting Wow great great moves
here's Andrews first real life attempt
get some air man we got a audience now
the hoverboard oh oh Jimbo's trying yeah
whoa whoa whoa
wobble master you did it
nice Wow anyone can do yeah ladies and
gents thanks for hanging out with us
today it's been it's been a fun vlog
miss hoverboarding more now that is
summer we can do that we can long-bore
we could ride bikes we can go on runs
outside it's gonna be epic but before
the vlogs over you know what time it is
comment of the day yes first comment is
right by Robbie why should i as a few
months ago but stopped watching
I watched today's vlogs and a bunch of
your main channel videos and wonder why
I ever stopped you guys great make me
smile so glad you remembered our Channel
and came back to watch Robbie we
appreciate your support do you plan on
making more toilet paper for it soon yes
they're coming guys don't worry is that
movie out you guys were filming last
year yes and we are actually filming two
movies to all the new people do this
channel I will leave two legs in the
description the top two mean Andrew and
our friend from Sweden Rasmus he's a
director and movie maker
we filmed two short films one's a
thriller and one's a comedy they turned
out so cool we want to make another one
soon actually a few more soon so if you
haven't seen our short films the really
good quality they're really funny and I
think you'll like them too the top lines
in the description you guys can check
them out if you already have seen them
then epic if not you can check them out
again or just check them out so I hope
you all enjoy the rest of you
or day whenever you're watching this and
stay happy because you can it's a crazy
world out there guys and we need more
positive spirits positive energy and we
need more love in the world so go do
something loving today whether that be
to your family members or to a stranger
make the world a better place and let's
do it all together also stay active stay
healthy stay happy just made up that quo
wow I should make it into a shirt well
see you later good bye
yeah I know it's bleeding pretty bad I
got staples in my head I can't really
see it right now but there's like a line
in my head I just stand
