well great morning everyone it is a
great morning / afternoon over here I it
is so hot today I can't even explain you
a burn on Arizona for pete's sake I feel
like it's hot as Arizona in here it's
like 90s today I think at least almost
90 clear skies I'm getting in Andrews
car is like death because he has leather
seats so all the seats are like boiling
hot great my see was in the Sun yeah I
get a juice from Jamba what did you get
it's a cucumber
yeah Jamba Juice is YUM that would look
it says it's 89 in Party City now and I
just tried on the shirt
I'm feeling very touristy right now we
want to do tourist lifestyle some time
for the prank Channel this would be
perfect for it did you find what you
came for
yeah we need this for a video visit it's
a red carpet for TV what could we be
doing or want to be doing guys Brandon
just stopped by we went to Hoyle and
told him about the shoe sale so he got
some fresh nice fresh mics or Nike
whatever you want to ask me
these are
what is this style called back at the
house now and Britney and I are actually
going out on a little date we haven't
dressed up and just went out on a nice
dinner date in a while I feel like so
got the new sneaks on just buttoned down
Britney looking beautiful as always
thanks dem shoes though
no she got those for free guys that's so
insane let's see the back
what for Steve Maddens it's really cool
really cool yeah so tonight's gonna be a
fun little evening getting some good
food probably see a movie later guys we
didn't have enough footage for the vlog
so we're continuing it right now but I'm
at the we are at the Apple Store because
my phone got as you know destroyed and I
need to get it the screen replaced
hopefully they can do this well while we
wait for my phone to get fixed let's go
take about 45 minutes I want to show you
guys something that's over here actually
I hit my head and cracked my head open
over here do you remember that yeah it
was funny what yeah it was funny let's
go show you what happened so a long time
ago probably a few years ago this is I
25 it's a big bridge there used to be
like a rope swing down here we filmed
one of our part of our videos on here
how to dance to dubstep
and we bought a bunch of friends we're
coming back we're walking down here this
is how you get to the zones so what I
did was I think someone was in front of
me jesh we dock and we're I don't bump
your heads and so I ducked under this
week out and I look back I'm like guys
don't hit your head at night I think I'm
able to stand up but I literally stand
up right into this bar so the thing I
blast my head right on this that's why
it was funny this was like guys watch
your heads
yeah I know it's bleeding pretty bad I
got staples in my head you can't really
see it right now but there was like a
line in my head I was shy I just stand
up and next thing I know I'm on the
ground like ouch headache anyway so
let's go down here and see if they sell
the rope you guys remember the scene
it's where we shot a scene right out
there
Wow
this is cool darn it they took the rope
swing down somebody used to climb way up
there and there was a rope that was
hanging and you could swing or around
this whole thing start right here I'm so
cool but no idea how they got it up
there oh and I think there's a long lost
video of us there's like this tunnel
over here we all explored it quiet
terrible idea
there's like a bunch of tunnels in there
and we explore it maybe I'll see if I
can find that footage for you guys it's
on some channel what is this
thanks man
is it
to a random
that's exciting
I'm so glad I got my screen fixed it was
really annoying because the girl the
glass was even like breaking off so
having a fresh new screen is nice and it
was messing up my front camera too so
yikes but we found the footage that we
were talking about from like over four
years ago so here is the clip from that
vlog
I guess blogging is the new thing so I
guess I'll just do a bug
so awesome just owning your life isn't
it
here's where I hit my head
no think I had it on this one
there's monsters everywhere
like for babies
there's other girls
can those behind me some poor chuckers
are about to swing on a rope and
it's not a good idea not a good idea
oh look I'm skipping rocks like a little
schoolgirl
yeah so hopefully they know zombies
kills this is pretty scary
ready go out alive boys all right am I
going to prison
yeah so like keeps going on and off
we're scared I think we're trying dude
turn back on the light serious a fun way
out oh the only liquids that we have in
here are hearing so I could say things
are pretty damp in my bikini Mario
you're breaking oh my god my eyes have
adjusted in a cave darkness has long
learned sunglasses so I don't get
sunburned sunburned in caves Shh it
happens I'm being protected you're not
yeah just your eyes I guess that's all
matters and if I get out just be
eyeballs I'll be happy I'm so ready
personal chuck-e-cheeses Ohio
chuck-e-cheeses we escaped but Justin
got this bruised so we took him we just
had Mario the medic just uh you know
take over for a bit you see it he needed
74 stitches
staples a staple staple sorry this guy
he he held Justin's head down and of
course I just I just recorded so
appreciate you guys watching today it's
quick comments of the day take his head
do a food unboxing you cool doing that
Andrew all right cool just when I
thought you guys were gonna bring back
the duck-faced
outro and you let me down
well see you later good bye all kinds of
cool shoes user - awesome supras purple
I'm white
so he said if you pay with cash shoes
are 70% off so
