well great morning everybody hope you're
doing fantastic
I'm not gonna be saying good morning
anymore right great morning is the new
thing because every morning is a great
morning yeah but it's not really morning
well but we don't know what we're doing
today guys for vlog we are actually on
our way to pranking slash lunch and they
have a farmers market I'm going on right
now so just wanted to take a look to see
if they have any cool items is what that
Andrew wants well I got a bunch of cool
stock shops here they got like homemade
soaps local honey I just got some coffee
from Kenya it actually was really good I
liked it so we just got it and then
there's fruits and veggies cool they're
gonna roast some chilies that would be
pretty yummy if they did before we start
praying cane we're getting a quick lunch
got some Chipotle got a breeder bull and
ain't you got a ball Glock people it's
so much walking
I mean we can clearly see you didn't get
any lettuce or anything oh that's just
what you get in there we got chicken
rice salsa sour cream walk like and they
just block it it's gonna be fibered out
here very soon since we're all done with
lunch now we're at Garden of the Gods
here in Colorado it's a really cool area
if you haven't been here yet check it
out but we're doing the prank we're
gonna film some scenes here because we
film most of our pranks at the same
locations and we kind of want to mix it
up a little bit yeah it's like where's
everyone gonna be today outside so we're
here here we are in the park there's
people doing some rock climbing right
here now it'd be fun go ahead gotten a
few clips so far what's going alright
yeah
you guys seen that before
oh right yeah do you guys know where the
grasshoppers are in here I have no idea
we're tourists just like you oh yeah
are you the Rope man um depends on what
you mean by that
just the Annelle rope I'm a climber okay
so you're not rope man though well I
don't know why I put that there
there they go up the mountain you can do
it buddy just believe in yourself and
you can get to the top all the way up
there Andrews turn
it's really hot out here by the way we
have to stay in the shade one of the
people I got they gave me some sunblock
so that was really nice I wish they
would have done that for me too you can
ask somebody for some and they probably
will have sunblock no store closing sale
of oil what does that mean good
discounts for us yeah so they said
everything in the stores like 60 to 70
percent of because they're just closing
look at these mics that's sick
the crazy shoe
did you find any this is a clue shooter
right yeah I'm gonna try it on I mean if
you find a deal it's like I might as
well take advantage of it 50 bucks
$25 for a nice pair of vans all kinds of
cool shoes these are awesome supras
purple and white so he said if you pay
with cash shoes are 70% off so these
shoes would be $20 normally 71 90s the
issues are normally a hundred and
seventy dollars
so it's kind of static going out of
business but happy because we each got
two pairs of shoes yeah good dealings
normally these shoes are super expensive
so in the bottom box we'll give a
thorough unboxing we're taking Buford to
his first training class and it's not
because Buford is like a bad dog this is
just off leash training so he's gonna be
going to learn how to become an insanely
good dog right Buford we're home now was
a good first class Buford he did well
this is his training beacon his beacon
is cool because what they used isn't a
shock collar it's like a muscle tensor
sorta stimulator so it's like just
someone like squeezing you instead of
shocking you how's that bud yeah it
doesn't hurt you it's just annoying here
at the gym it's ripped time
good are you
thank you I do
basketball game yes I'm gonna leave a
camera here in the locker because I
don't really want to carry it so I'll
see you after the workout all done at
the gym just a quick little workout not
too intense but when I was working out I
thought of this cool idea I think would
be really fun
what if we did like a livestream where
it's like a workout livestream and
everyone that's watching the livestream
has to either be at the gym doing the
workout with us or at their house doing
the workout I think that'd be super fun
what do you guys think the only way I
would want to do this live stream collab
at the gym is if you guys promise to be
working out on the other end of it
because if you're not then I just feel
dumb walking around the gym
live-streaming I mean it still probably
look weird to other people but as long
as I know you guys were working out too
guys
we didn't film an ending for this video
but don't click away yet because we're
gonna do an unboxing of all the shoes we
got if you guys are in the shoes we'll
show you everything
and another note is we have a new prank
coming out today so get excited
it's another following video go check it
out it's probably up right now I don't
know but it'll be up today
wow wow guys look at all these shoes the
first pair that I got are these DC they
are these are the haven t X s e and here
we go a lot of shoe for you I'll do we
got this right here but it's blue and
it's actually got a really cool inside
its got like a memory foam type of
insert so it's comfy for you when you
walk just an overall lightweight shoe
that's stylish as well this one I give a
very high rating next up we have
these are the DC Shoes Wallens those
other words Wow
I just love the smell of your shoes it's
a it's like a brown suede with like this
dark brown leather so it's it's pretty
you know it's pretty formal and then
inside its got like a coffee cup brewing
so it's like if you want to go have
coffee with the buds or that kind of
deal you you're gonna want to wear these
shoes these are nice these can be nice
date shoes and nice casual shoes these
can go with any outfit I feel yeah I
mean these go good with blue jeans
slacks so all these shoes were 60 to 70%
off though typically they're pretty
expensive but we've got a heck of a deal
I've never gotten bulk of shoes before
but I saw these and I was like man
they're very stylish and yes here we are
just a very simple very nice quality
black Volcom shoe this could go well
with jeans or even a nice formal outfit
I probably won't be wearing these like
all the time because I think there are a
really nice quality and they kind of I
want to keep them that way so so yeah
this next shoe comes from the brand of
DBS it's called the premier 2.0 let's
take a look guys Wow
Ethan great shoes I really like this
shoe because of how lightweight it is it
like barely weighs anything so it feels
great on the foot just the design plus
the shoe laces make it look kind of like
a poor man's
Yeezys oh that's true
so you can wear these in public you can
wear these to the gym you can wear these
with a nice outfit yeah I also have
another pair of shoes but not here with
me because I Britney got them for me and
as a present but I had to return them to
get a different size they were long size
but they're blue Nikes I also have one
more shoe which I thought this comes
from Ralph Lauren it's a polo this is a
nice light brown
tan shoe which you can wear with
whatever outfit and the laces are
leather so that's interesting you've got
these for a good deal you said as well
these were a good deal I got you might
be thinking a lot of these shoes are
expensive even with the discount but
you're wrong this is a very affordable
good deal shoes hope you liked this
unboxing if you guys want us to do more
of boxing's like this just let us know
in the comments the type of unboxing you
want us to do whether happy food clothes
electronics more shoes I don't know
potato chips
leave a like thanks for watching today
and we'll see you guys tomorrow alright
peace peace goodbye
