guys welcome back to vlogs hey hey
you're doing well right yeah I'm just
like so excited for today and really
told you about what's going on made a
vlog a little bit ago but anyways today
we are getting a home theater installed
in our basement whoa this is like every
young kids like dream to have your own
movie theater in your house but anyways
I remember like when I made the vlog
talking about our sounds gonna wait till
after tax season but then they call me
and they're like hey we have a special
right now that's gonna save you like
over a thousand dollars total on like
speakers so I was like well I better I
guess I'd do it now yes it's our the way
to go so they're installing it they're
gonna be here in a few minutes to start
the process yes it just called they're
on their way
yes okay so we need our DVD player so we
can hook it up down there and then also
I'm gonna hook up this the switch is
gonna be so much fun on a projector yay
oh my goodness Kevin I'm so excited so
this is gonna be the staging area so
here's the DVD player and the switch
they're gonna put everything there
projector their screen it's gonna be so
fun can't wait to see it is that the
screen yes
man that's a big box here's all the
supplies I think this is the projector I
thought you just brought in another box
a huge speaker so what's like step one
for the process will get most of
speakers fit in first uh-huh and get the
keyboard in for the projector gotcha
start getting everything
what's that sound Buford he's right
below me Kevin love's the snow Kevin Wow
that's probably perfect yeah oh yeah
Zeke as giant this would be like be the
size do you like the placement yeah
Barrett are you so excited this can be
for you and all your friends know
something pretty weird Barrett is almost
a month old already a whole month old
already
Eric you're getting so big but it's sad
because some of the stuff that we have
like his clothes don't fit anymore for
example these like little slipper socks
so bran colas it'll fit anymore cuz
Bears feet are so big oh I see you guys
got the speakers in already yeah nice
look good
I just cool back here cuz this is like
the box with all the plugs I have no
idea what's going on back here but
that's alright look close come through
here up here go out to the speakers to
Mary it is looking sick downstairs yeah
so we're gonna let them continue their
work but it did snow yesterday quite a
bit actually so hey Tony yeah this is
like the first big snow day of the
season I feel like yeah definitely so
hopefully more snow to come but we want
to test the mini dirt bike and see how
it does in the snow yeah guys oh I need
it Jackie because this chilly Oh
yes let's start her up guys dudes they
got that big van out here this is huge
we should get one of these with our
local just for driving around yep so we
have blue skies out as you can tell but
it's still like very chilly out but
we're gonna go because the snow is still
in the ground Andrews got his helmet on
yes guys Andrew you gotta try some
donuts whoa
he's gonna do a nice drif for you guys
what the heck
it's so cool do some donuts
Wow
scary doing this at first sting doesn't
have much power the best way to get it
going fast is to run with it and then
jump on it like so
all right oh man
hopefully like there's another major
snowstorm because I want to do this when
it's like very snowy outside yes so fun
we could get it to be more powerful it'd
be cool to pull sleds on it and stuff on
this yeah yeah I mean the ATVs oh
nevermind
I was going sighs freezing out here so
I've already grabbed a couple 4k movies
to watch since it's a 4k player what we
got oh yeah this I'm excited to watch
this Dunkirk please stare boys it's
working yeah I haven't showed you guys
this part yet either
yeah well just Joe oh yes being bad
these are so big and comfy I love them
so these are love stacks and normally
these are like $1,000 but I found these
on Craigslist for like 100 bucks I was
like yes please
yeah I'll be on the lookout you were
anticipating Wow yeah like oh is that
one two three four five I think
so we're just working on an audio test
right now Oh calibrating the speakers
that's important they are officially
done they just showed us how to work
everything whoa we have to
this is just so cool thanks fellas
you guys don't need to go to the movie
theater I know right oh we need to test
the movie lighting settings and then
when the movies about to start you just
slowly dim it it's off boom time for
movies I think it's about time to go to
the store and get some like official
movie theater supplies oh you're right
yeah we need movies snacks the first
things first around the ping-pong
fellows read best buy a time to get some
movies this is the section we want to
check you out for Jay Wow yes Lana Earth
4k whoa that would be epic I swallowed
my spit wrong trying to think of movies
that would look good well definitely
Planet Earth yeah Planet Earth
what movies do you like
and just something that's got good
cinematography like the revenant
for example I'm starting with these two
guys at the lone survivor and
interstellar this is like my favorite
movie of all time
that'll additionals good yes so we have
just swung over to Hobby Lobby if you
don't know what Hobby Lobby is it's like
an arts and crafts store but they also
have this really cool section for movie
theatre props for decorations Wow
so let's go inside see if we can find
anything pretty cool to add to the movie
theater we've found it guys wow look at
all this and guys the best deals here
they always have like 50 percent off
deals my goodness this is this a
chalkboard to see how much yes see how
much it is what the 30% off discount not
very expensive 21 bucks like see so they
have all these other cool things down
here man Hobby Lobby that one's pretty
good this also reminds me of an actual
movie theater like Bobby let's go go to
the lobby
craft foam beads great for slime
what does have like cool hosters mainly
lots of Star Wars things this is all
reppin superhero things oh here's a
bunch of superheroes and these again 50%
off Oh
attack their dad oh we're back home Wow
we have to test this thing I'm ready
buzz ready yeah me but I mean we got
movies so we'll watch a movie some point
but that's not really gonna be the best
vlog stuff so we're gonna bring the
PlayStation down and made me test out
some games guys but first yes no nothing
let's shut these lights off you bat I
think it's turning on I see it blinking
that means yeah yes yeah I plugged it in
so Kevin turned us a little collar on ya
Buford took my spot sorry but guys
that's the biggest ps4 I've ever seen
dude I can't wait to buy some Fortnight
let's do this hey guys welcome back to
the sock puppet show hahaha
anywhere's my name is Gary I'm going to
be your host today who is this hello sir
we got surround sound on peeps all right
Andrew go right here this sex me if I
spot a bad guy guys little bag here or
there and rope Go Go Go this is so epic
I don't know if you guys can hear what
it is but all right we don't see anybody
yet keep your eyes peeled Andrew I'm
your second set of eyes all right
the cookies are about done I'm gonna go
to the top of the stairs and see how it
sounds up here dude it like vibrates the
floor do it again there's no way you can
play this on full blast in the middle of
the night it's a whole house will be
awoken cookies somebody where listen
carefully whoa sector five sector by
sector five right there right there
oh sorry watch out he might run all the
way over here oh there's a base right
there he might run around the mountain
on this side right here
somebody's a sniper as well he just
built the door what's that sound oh
they're so gooey so good gooey hand
we're gonna go if you didn't notice your
you see your health right here you need
more of that okay good
use use that check out how nice the scar
sounds yeah yeah yeah
we got 12 people left can he do it seven
people left oh well you got fifth place
sorry pal
make sure if you want to play fortnight
with us or want to play it yourself we
got a link for it in the description go
download it it's free okay so where's
Buford
whoo I like the blue yeah that's cool
well I think this is the end of the vlog
so thanks for watching
we need your guys comments down below of
any cool additions mods upgrades
customizations also leave a comment of
what would be your first movie you would
watch on a home theater big screen man
alright what are you gonna watch I don't
know I think we're gonna watch dunker
since Murray hasn't seen that yet so but
yeah curious to see what you guys leave
for ideas thanks for watching guys
bye-bye
