hi everyone and welcome back to vlogs
hey Andrew
guess what we're doing right now if you
guys didn't see our previous two blogs
we just got back from a camping
adventure actually three vlogs and our
cars me and Andrew both took our cars up
to the camping place and they're really
dirty all the fellows are riding with us
and since today is a beautiful day out
and you can see blue skies it's not
raining or hailing like yesterday yikes
it's time for car wash this place just
opened up looks really cool they're
really up in their game with car washes
keep them clean car wash kinda looks
like a car dealership what the heck they
even got a cashier an auto cashier an
unlimited Club Wow
we may have to join that everyone's hey
what's up Bay I got a touch the screen
to start please wait we'll be there
Cynthia or is that Janice washcloth
offer great value and convenience
where's the dough yep welcome to our car
wash clean for pete's sake just give me
a car washed please select the no
upgrades please and thank you again for
your car wash oh you're welcome Janice
have a fabulous day I probably should
roll up the windows as well my goodness
don't want to get soap in here dangers
car is having problems right now I wish
I was filming not sure what was
happening let's try again it wasn't
going on the machine it was just
bouncing around
here we go time for a fresh wash
that's a lot of dryers I think it'd be
kind of fun to stand under that just see
how powerful it is I lay there Craig
he's stuck go
oh go
sweet all cleaned up both our cars very
much so I do have to clean the window
window so I don't have any window
cleaner currently but oh well now that
our cars are all clean Andrew and I
wanted to do some exploring places we
haven't really been before what's the
first step this store is called reptiles
what what's inside I don't this is a
she's all reptile shopping right when
you walk in the door is that a real-life
alligator I don't know what he is
panther chameleon blue where could he be
guys can any of you spot it around there
just in this shot we can bat I freaking
love chameleons so cool
why isn't he for sale I would buy him oh
we could have a chameleon as the mascot
it's just fun you know what's cool about
them is that they both their eyes can
move in different directions so that
they don't have to move when hunting
prey
look at that it's a crested gecko he's
hiding in there but I see his eyeballs a
boa
hello also I think this is really random
is that mr. tortoise just hanging the
there what does that
they're wrestling right now but Jimbo's
winning do they get off me a jerk yeah
this is random tortoise just hang in
there
I literally have no idea what this is
you ever seen something like this before
Andrew who knows what this is looks like
a dinosaur dragon dinosaur of sorts holy
cow bearded dragon salad dressing this
is for bearded dragons
I suppose so that'd be kind of random if
making it a salad oh here you go boss
iguana he'll he's curious to what we're
doing
he's our gate this is my fort you will
not come in my fort without the password
Jimbo is curious as well
okay this legit looks like a dragon me
and Andrew have decided or a dinosaur
whoa you're going to attack me this is
like I don't know what these are
do you but they're playing king of the
hill up here like is and then dogpile
god we have to jump on each other he's a
baby out if he wants to play too you
take I'm not that big
he's catching the crickets right now Wow
so crazy but he's very on the prowl
could those in the back he's gonna
charge here in five seconds
just adding a little herbs I was like oh
it's so cool he's on a getaway he he had
an idea
young gargoyle gecko gargoyle gecko
named Carlyle I just realized this it
it's a big fortress and there's another
friend in here he's huge
Wow their eyes are so insane do you want
to let him bite you or play tug-of-war
with him maybe yeah that's what I happen
to you Oh what is this they just got the
call cuz there's the fire depot see you
guys do good job the reptile store is so
cool
I just find it amazing how many
different types of reptiles are on the
world and it would just be even more
amazing to see one in you know the wild
or some just anywhere so maybe one day
we'll go to a different country and find
some really cool reptile II wanted to
get a chameleon but there were like 300
bucks and he said they were the hardest
ones to take care of because they're
very nervous yeah and I would that we
don't want to make them nervous now
leave a comment down below of what your
favorite reptile is and be specific and
we want to see what your favorite
reptiles are but moving on we know this
doesn't have anything to do with
reptiles anymore but we randomly came
across this don't know what this is we
don't drink soda or anything but we saw
it this was like a visitor center so we
wanted to see what it was and now we're
leaving why well there's zero things to
do here there's just a distribution
center so you go in just a bunch of
offices so I thought else pointless but
there's something over there we want to
see it says Taylor farms
we're suspicious okay we figured out
it's a salad farm it's not a sewage farm
let's see if they'll give us a quick
tour guys no are they crossed yes so is
it the salads I got to show you guys
something
watch how Buford this is basically a
Marion eyes office room I don't think
I've ever really logged in here because
it used to be filled with just boxes and
paper and it was just really messy but
guess what it's done
Buford how do you like this new room I
got to give props to Mary because on our
camp wina when we went on the bros
camping trip she spent some of her time
cleaning and making this room look super
nice ah Buford's so good job Mary it's
so nice in here
another fun note I went to the Music
Store yesterday and I got a music stand
because I didn't have one and I bought
this music book ah stop patriotic
favorites so there's lots of cool songs
in here to play my country tis of thee
god Bless America America the Beautiful
oh this would be really fun to learn
some of these songs before 4th of July I
also got this book as well the Lord of
the Rings instrumental songs for violent
wow it's so cool can't wait to play some
of these yesterday I went to Lowe's to
get some supplies for the house I'll
show you what I got we've got the home
defence insect killer so it creates a
bug barrier I put this all over the
front here yesterday like I do the
backyard now because we have a bunch of
bugs so they keep getting the house or
just all over the place so just stay out
of our house guys wasp and Hornet killer
because they keep building a nest in our
shed told them before we try to play
nice we took out the nest we should the
be out and say
go build this somewhere else but you
didn't listen the other thing I got
yesterday was a flag it's a good flag it
was funny though because I bought the
flag yesterday and put it up to see how
it looked but I didn't realize that
yesterday was actually Flag Day so it
just worked out perfect
I've created a bug perimeter around the
house so hopefully no more bugs come in
here and bug me miss my clothing bugs
I don't know well that's all I got for
you today thanks for watching
wait what come of the day go on the nerf
battlefield you spelled nerf what I
don't know what that was talking about
oh well I were to be the comment of the
day but I don't have a youtube account
well here you go Mike I'm sorry don't be
YouTube account but you're a common
today you can follow me and answer on
Twitter if you guys want to if you want
if you want but by the way next week is
going to be an epic week of vlogs
because we're going to VidCon big year
going to VidCon in a row I think so out
of California so anybody out there if
you're going to be at VidCon we look
forward to meeting you and also a
special guest is going to come with us
on VidCon his first time coming oh yeah
so that that'll be fun whole new
adventures to look forward to hope you
guys are excited and enjoy the rest of
your day and we'll see you guys tomorrow
you
