rise and shine everybody wall I see you
oh ah
at 6:30 or get ready to pack up all
right comin down now
great bye-bye tent it's actually very
freezing out here so this is kind of
hard
all right Justin tell me nothing
anything haha we have the minion
stomping on the tent don't worry I'll
help let's pull the blue thing when they
get that off to our 45 minutes early to
the rafting place so we found a coffee
place in town yeah they said we couldn't
come so the point of vista roastery
fresh coffee oh thank you yeah what
Jake's just say stay together Jake says
no food no poops uh I'm too hot we're
leaving
so Jake's made a mass decision for us
all
hey folks welcome back this morning I
hope you're enjoying the bit thanks wait
what happy AUSA's like oh god folks
aren't well okay what well there's no
food Oh
here we are Brown's Canyon rafting
slaver time puppy time to pay Erin you
nervous Andrew sorrow they said be
classified or Rapids oh man
just this I'm actually kind of nervous
because I've always been kind of scared
of the water like this kind of water I
don't want to fall out a boat don't
worry if you fall out we'll all save you
really yeah
you'll jump out and save me jump out
just he man time to change wetsuits time
we're getting on our stunning wetsuits
on good job fellas
Thanks yeah beautiful shoes getting that
40 for the boys oh yeah
I love it dude oh yes all right we got
his GoPro mount and then when I feel as
well very conveniently probably to
adjusted
it's a field trip fellows boy yeah can't
wait I'm right next to you okay
people here will be taking out a play
down
they haven't
they're the votes hang on all kinds of
I've got a group at to Martinez oh man
looks fantastic goldfish team goldfish
do it we're gonna give a good paddle
talk here this is my paddle there's many
like it let's swim smart about me my
paddles nothing my paddle we're gonna
flip
all done with rafting adventure thank
you so much Brown's Canyon that was like
the funnest what did you guys think that
was so fun yeah as we just got back from
rafting and now we're going to the best
Mexican food in Colorado the river del
all right so we go yeah that's the best
el paradis
dice Harry yes oh wow yum food is
arriving crab enchiladas all three of us
and you just salad green is coming i
shrimp soup reno itself that chunk of
Jenga oh you guys look at the shrimp on
there huge new Alton it's got salsa Wow
bacon-wrapped shrimp and pineapple you
say oh one day Jacob's gone down back
home to Gunnison by leggett we'll see
you soon
all the fellas just got dropped off time
to head back home finally and the storm
is brewing out here
yikes
what's happening
okay really guys that is the end of the
camping adventures
yeah that too so before we officially in
the video we of course have some
comments of the day first comment is I
think Justin Andrew should do a prank
channel we should actually do that I
don't know why we haven't done that yet
yeah I mean there's some pretty big
prank Chang's out there right yeah yeah
maybe we can do that maybe we can go
viral guys justin is not a giraffe yeah
whoever said that I'm a giraffe thanks
Matt for standing up for me because I am
NOT a giraffe I'm a human being
for this last comment we have to show
you something let's take a look at the
footage while we were looking at the
comments on the previous vlog some of
you noticed something unexplained
something mysterious something we knew
we had to look into so that's exactly
what we did
now what we found may disturb you there
appears to be an unexplained moving
object I don't know where they are
happy right here somewhere
let's take a look at what our cameras
captured in real-time so we can see
exactly what the audience is talking
about now
I've traced the sound to this part of
the forest
where I think there might be something
it appears to be a scrawny looking theme
walking past a tree could this really be
the stick figure of the real-life errant
sights let's take a look at the footage
slowed down
after further review and hours of
looking at the footage we found out that
the moving object is actually just a
branch in the tree join us next time to
see what else we can find
so hope you guys like that little
segment oh yeah that was fun we wanted
to know we don't know what to call that
segment we want to do more of that so so
leave ideas in the comments of what we
can call that segment yeah like more
just do hunters or something like that
you know I mean but other than that
thanks for the comments and watching the
blogs we appreciate it
see ya tomorrow adios ready are you
doing I've got a mini marshmallows
