well I'm glad you guys finally came to
bed what do you guys do it out
oh good morning guys
I'm the first one up I don't even know
what time it is but it looks beautiful
out all the Thals are asleep I'm going
to get some stuff to make the fire get
the fire going because if we put it out
it's actually freezing this morning
and that's how it's done fellas yes
now if the beans could just wake up we
can start having breakfast
good
Andrew lares and gesture all finally up
my sleeping bag is broken what happened
what the zipper zipped all the way up
and then it you know like sometimes
dippers just peel away mine did too
right yeah fellas zippers fine all I
gotta do is just like so it fell off but
I was like basically just sleeping on
the floor cuz I like fell out of the
sleeping bag it was kind of cold
breakfast when we got here we got I
don't know whose this is but looks
pretty good some eggs and sausages we
got some eggs right here with some other
bowtie potatoes
well what's any veggies okay cooking up
some bacon from the farm well laris got
a bag of a lot of bag of stuff crap it's
actually kind of good it does taste good
but it definitely is concerning to look
at and lares made some coffee
wow it's really really good right oats
and goats my campsite excited hi what AK
who's back east to studios guys I'm so
glad he's back I owe guys he's back for
bilious on an epic footage time what's
gonna be happening well we can't quite
explain that something over there
hanging over there so and then something
in there later oh yes water storage can
you look up what's in there no I mean
let's take a look guys sure
it's like empty with water it's empty
this used to be like a water holder of
sorts I found a little path and this
sign Buffalo Peaks Wilderness pack
National Forest and ler I want to find a
cave or waterfall sorts you guys cave
more lake hopefully a lake or waterfall
water so you get a little bit wet made
to the top of this peak pretty peaceful
views I'd say so
yes we found the river this looks so
cool oh what a good spot here yes yeah
why something the best Oh who's ready to
play and this take you ready Lars cool
always the kind of bridge
oh man justin is being so brave right
now I been to one yeah
whoa nice
this is such an awesome little stream
Jake is going to catch some fish with
the staff
really a lot oh yeah
that's going to get a fish
how's the water
are you having fun though
what Jake's he's gonna get a fish snack
break for trying this beef jerky we got
at Whole Foods how is it bad I try so
bad
that's good that's good what do you
think okay good this is excellent guys
right out full geeks
game something is it three no not a
sponsor just very good primal beef jerky
okay bye
this is just so peaceful out here guys
you have no idea if any of you watching
this right now don't explore that much I
encourage you to go explore your local
forest or something like and just chill
find a place where you can hang have
some snacks and yeah you just get to
enjoy the wild it's so beautiful I
you're peaceful
so right now we're trying to alter the
course of the water right now it's going
like this and we're trying to make a
wood so maybe the water comes out here
over there just to see if we can do that
cool bridge yeah they're making it
better maybe next year we can go camping
here oh yeah
so we're going to go continue hiking
that way this is off the trail so we're
all going across the bridge holding this
falls right now guys it'd be funny if
Colton just fell would not be funny
no it'd be funny really badly though
guys then it wouldn't be funny Oh
progress on our personal dam the water
is moving its way over to the forest
over there sure this would be like a
nice little hot tub yeah very cool cut
actually I don't want to drop blog
camera
in the pool that would suck right
Oh rockin straight up a mountain oh yeah
it's no to something we're gonna drink
huh
if it's a mine I'll be happy that'd be a
random place though for a mine you know
like the whole force is no Rock and then
you start seeing this and you striking
the feeling your whistle doesn't look
like a mine now looks like this Ridge
but we'd finally have a decent view yeah
this is really cool Oh Wendy Bo let me
go back from our hike it was kind of
suspicious because our tent was
completely destroyed this part was
broken both sides so it's just like
collapsed in I don't think the wind blew
it over pass suspicious maybe someone
sabotaging us but we had to tie off the
entrance in the back side is just hold
it up but now here's what we're doing we
were running a little low on water so
like we got some water put put it in
here boiled it and now ah clean it off
the hot stuff yep it's still pretty hot
I might look at these guys we're in the
tent now playing hey guys thanks you see
this here
run Ted Lane gotta give you update every
five seconds we also a police two
Studios every time came with your chair
teachers gonna win bell-bottoms so close
you know Justin look under your card out
gesture sure like I'm gonna see how guy
turns Lera says Sheriff Josh Isabel
Austin's music renegade lyrically it's
like a needle renegade you get scream
out yeah always but it's watching when
you win it's like actually yeah now we
put these back mate well it's got a
little later we haven't blogged too much
because we've literally just been
sitting by the fire it's gotten a little
colder out and it's supposed to maybe
rain I don't know yet actually so we're
just kind of waiting now putting stuff
away they got s'mores out yeah by the
way we haven't told yet but we're going
um really bra we're going rafting
tomorrow class full rafting it's gonna
be a bunny vlog it's about that time for
roasting some olives giant Mallos and
then who bought these receipts that was
I Oh give it up for us with the Reese's
give it up for us
ah look at that guy's Coles and round
minds start to get there hello yeah guys
oh no Larry Larry Larry Larry Larry
Larry guys you shouldn't have
okay don't this is gonna be really good
at you whoa thought I was on fire like
Aaron went roll in here's gonna open
what ya got Aaron Wow see his like his
that Aaron that looks good you're just
pretty cool danger really I got this
side still kind of white I got to toast
on are you trying to bite yeah let's
looks like a volpina fall outside ah
oh wow very folks I could
yeah I'm not emotionally honest you know
CSUN actually by that I mean a few
months here we go folks that goes like
that
I'm working on it this is kind of hard
to film because I don't want to mess up
you know there we go
okay that's how it's done right yep
now I just got to pull my women help the
stick ah trying this Wow blue blue blue
ready us we doing got a mini
marshmallows here we go again
this is a messy adventure do you like
that I would go write this do this
inside a Martian we're gonna try and
give it to Jake's house this marshmallow
going making the perfect marshmallon oh
and only after a special someone who
knows well who is the most perfect made
Jake Jake cold Oh Colton ah me and
Alerus put them on the tracker inside
the fire Ram crack hey crying Ram toasty
hot air bed I don't know if you can see
that in there but ready
toasty hold on come get out out pull up
yes
here goes oh my boy dude okay Larry log
on bro all right lay where right oh all
right trying to get 1 by 8 1 by it's a
challenge the one wine bite one bite one
bite
what's wrong it's burning in my throat
it's fuzzy
Oscar's trying the sauce I mean the
pepper water I see whole bunch back let
is Larry okay do it be ok lares my face
it's fire
it's funny cuz he seems like he was like
it's hot and he's talking on the
marshmallow being hot it wasn't like it
was right well yeah what uh that's all
pepper sauce ah ah ah ah ah ah dang it
right go quick Oh have a so the ghostly
ghastly pepper we're gonna crap it
starting to rain almost got him bringing
through oh it's a windstorm - what's
your happened it's gonna be epic Dave
live in a tent trying to survive I think
we already told you before but when
heating someone sabotage our tank which
is really rude they broke our poles
David
we had the they had to nail this down
Wow you can actually see out here I
didn't think you guys would be able to
see the footage because it's kind of
dark but it stopped raining for a bit so
we're back by the fire update versus
pink we put the fire out it's dark now
we're going to bed right oh yeah we're
going to bed now see you guys in the
morning you got to get up early peace
pizza good bye you guys did it you got
the last vlog to over 1400 lights and
like we said we'd upload this video once
you guys did that so thanks for liking
the video um but we're not done yet we
have another video to upload as well
which is the rafting adventure so if you
guys want to see that leave a like it's
gonna be up soon not sure when but maybe
for a quick comment this guy said I've
been waiting for this vlog yes
came from toilet paper reports state
because awesome blogs man that's just
awesome that's it as always thank you
for all your support we appreciate it
and we'll see you back here very soon
peace out
goldfish team goldfish do it we're gonna
get a big paddle talk here
