oh good morning everybody ah it's the
day you've all been waiting for it's the
bro
the annual bro camping trip we're here
with Austin Andrew Aaron jesh Colton
laris and we're meeting Jacob Big Jake
big Jake's is coming along so we got to
drive to the campsite which is about two
hours away and get this adventure going
no groceries time bananas bananas
very good five is good that's all I'm
authorized that's all I bother because
at least our quit yeah that's why
literally the longest receipt on earth
three items you said 13 items it takes
us right here to here that's all it is
then I got all this extra notes Andrew
stop me a gas not sure what this man is
doing who is that I don't know he looks
a little should ask him can we help you
sir yes Andy's car is broken
oh no gas is going in tank you serious
yeah why I don't know it it just keeps
like back flowing what I don't know oh I
don't know exactly we can do that cool
okay your jacket probably got it ah
thanks for the update that was a scary
moment like take it back and return it
hi tell them to move yeah it's a good
time for math here oh we're doing video
Thanks
he said he'd take our picture but that
was really sweet we want our picture oh
I don't know just on the road oh holy
cow
all right we got our chips the soap
sweet potato like already popped those I
can't I'm afraid here I'm hungry you
don't don't
laris is desperate we're up in
television this is even a train we'll do
it great
I got it yep AUSA's taking a nap
Oh Jake where is the Jake man okay cool
where is Jay hole
come on Jake got back we're waiting here
for a bar
what Jacob's arrived Oh Jacob
Oh Jake Wow
we're kind of having just a little
problem all the campground was closed
that we were originally going to the
State Park
so we're thinking about crossing over
there and going in the woods this is
this will be perfect
we've just spent like the last 45
minutes trying to find a new spot so I
think we found it yeah it's been decided
my shoes right here this is really good
I already got a fire pit so it's perfect
sunscreen look at that the tents up
Andrew and Jess just put the tent up
Colton Erin and I have actually been
getting lots of wood and setting up the
fire pit
Andrews getting they cannot be ready and
worse
justin has been doing nothing but
filming so this is the first time I got
the camera out here you go I just Jacob
being Jacob didn't bring any food with
him because he thought or underwear or
other clothes to change for reasons I
don't know why but Austin lares and
Jacob left to go into town to get some
food they're gonna be back probably like
two hours food and undies I mean the
closest town is an hour way right - oh
yeah so well the whole camps gonna be
set up perfectly for dinner when they
get back yesterday you said you worked
straight up till I came so there's no
way you can have underwear with them
this is taking about how long now so
that's what guys a little bit later we
got the fire going still no signs of
Jacob Boston or lares we're gonna have
to eat without him is that okay
okay good yeah I mean I think I do an
apple it's about dinnertime kinda nice
Brock going
ha ha ha a spatula finally fertilis try
my house go guys way too much oil no
then cooking some burger hey so brought
Jake oh yeah they're back Hey oh yeah oh
we already established that oh you guys
like two hours
what does layers doing Vincent it's
pretty good time banana here guys not
one banana from the party uh cuz that
brought Andrew Oh Rach Rach YUM
that's way to do it fam cult all done
chunky Colton is trying to set up drone
for first time with no instructions so
see the progress okay black black like
was it black iron yeah see that wasn't
okay yeah see it's not real tight I know
I'll show you how to do that okay I'll
teach Colton how to fly drone all right
you ready cold I'm gonna take you off
already
through the drone way over there to some
other campers we're doing a little
spying yeah
so fun
it is your
so claim
II like an old love song baby
anyway it's been too long - since I fell
what's the next scrap guys really okay
put one of these on the fire now I know
hold on let's cutting the the drop offs
kind of which one I should ask the
people no ah okay got it I'll cut off
what the whole thing on the fire yeah
wait Wow watch out we're out for the
wild animals of some kind very good
fighting so maybe a fish maybe a bird
maybe a rabbit we're gonna try something
Jake brought his knife and I lost a
little dagger here we're gonna catch
some wild fish I'll be so fun look how
many Mesquite's are already oh oh my
miss there's too many mosquitoes over
there honestly but maybe tomorrow we'll
go on a fishing adventure
fire what was that sound no think
there's a Bigfoot here
Oh as you guys know every camping trip
you we usually play night crawlers where
people go wandering off into the woods
without anyone else noticing and then
make sounds throw sticks I try to attack
the base did you guys hear that what was
Vasko let's go take a look it's probably
super dark you can't see me but that's
okay they're out here guys let ours and
I are trying to find them I think I'm
moving up it up the lighted winding
that's Austin oh it is Austin scary out
here in the woods all by yourself
woah
nothing huh do not see me I thought I
saw something over there but then you
didn't move Wow look at the moon it's
cool right I'm in night mode they're up
here somewhere I'm gonna find these guys
in the woods
I think I hear something up here
it's just a tree I don't know where they
are I'd be right here somewhere now
what's that sound what the crap there's
something up here I've traced the sound
to this part of the forest or I think
there might be something what what was
that take him hostage
pound burger river gosh let me go you
idiot oh hey guys camera we did it I was
looking all over that he's started
crying I know I was yeah my sister
there's a McCart car console oh well I'm
glad you guys finally came to bed
what do you guys do it out here ah
yep reading Greek dad yep put your food
away you guys have got back called all
the way from the bank all the way to the
campfire and you guys didn't see us what
yeah I wanted to look but these buffoons
wanted to go to prayer at the car you
boring blobs guys that's the end of
today's blog vlog but wait there's more
there's a lot more there's so much more
footage from the camping adventure we
wanted to split it up into three
different videos for you guys so what's
going to be happening so if you enjoyed
camping give it a like and as soon as
this vlog gets 1400 lights we'll upload
part two in part two you're not going to
want to miss it here's a short little
preview of what happens in part two what
the let's all pepper sauce
Austin ah ah ah ah ah ah but moving on
we just want to do a quick comment of
the day we forgot to do a last time as
some of you were upset don't worry
at it again first comment do a 12 paper
for it guess what we're not going to
tell you any details but we are working
on something very epic that has to do
with toilet paper and a company so we're
gonna tell you yeah
epic but it's going to be great we can't
tell you about yet because it's a
surprise hey you should get snapchat
really yeah don't you have stuff yet
yeah I have snapchat for a while now
wait I have snapchat too I thought
anyway you can follow us because our
usernames if you haven't followed us yet
or in the description if you click it
and you're on your phone it will follow
us immediately so that's a good option
last comment I don't know if many people
read this or if you guys will read this
but if you could pray for me I'm really
struggling and can use prayer it would
be greatly appreciated
well Josh Nader finger name is Josh yeah
we'll definitely keep you interfering
not sure what's going on but hope
everything is well with everything
that's been going on lately the news and
all the negativity if you guys have
anything you want us to pray for or the
people who are watching this in the
comments anybody else just leave some
nice comments we want to keep the
positive vibes up and everybody else in
the comments we want everyone to support
everybody so yeah you guys are all
friends you guys are all family so if
there's anything you had want to talk
about leave it in comments and each
other a boost definitely but yeah like
you said leave like and we'll see you
back here very shortly goodbye
oh alright try and get it one by one by
it's a challenge the one whine bite one
bite one bite
