good morning everyone it is guess what
5:00 a.m. right now
and I don't really know why we're up
this early but Brittany does but I know
we're doing a surprise hey Brett she has
some sort of surprise plans
and I still can't figure out what it is
exactly this is supposed to be for his
birthday so like we're a couple days
late and it was like it was postponed
due to the weather which I was so bummed
about and usually I'm pretty good about
like guessing things and figure or
mainly figuring out what we're doing but
I still like I don't not know what's
happening be really super confused about
recovery well I beg of you sir okay I'm
blogging
two minutes and we're gonna be there
that
okay or pulling up what there's nothing
over here there's a gas station we're
going to get gas yes safely we're going
on a hot-air balloon right
what yeah no way I'm so happy you just
told me right up she wasn't supposed to
notice or until I've never been on a
high air balloon ride this is gonna be
so much fun all right they're getting a
parachute not parachute thing attached
getting bigger
Jeff's right there for once he's one to
Mike over sit on the edge throw the
second leg
this is so freaky
we're taking careful steps please don't
we're so high up
beautiful and peaceful isn't it
making our way back down to earth it's
an old racetrack
Wow barely dodge the club that cliff
whoa
like a nice port in here you can go on
the bottom but the top ones always like
better
Oh sir
are you okay in there what is that the
winds have welcomed us with its softness
and the Sun has blessed us with it warm
hands Cheers
well that was one of the funnest
morning's I'm already now at Andrews and
guess what we're doing oh we like to
play this game with you guys guess what
we're doing when we're getting in the
car as you know and as a lot of you have
been excited for just like us our
camping trip is this weekend so we're
going to check out some foods we need
for camping maybe some supplies so it
should be fun yes
it's insane how big the store is have to
address this Andrew really messed up
there's a $50 spy drone earn it you
could have got instead so sorry
obviously this 4k right yeah I had very
high quality like how they updated their
hot sauce zone butcher bacon ketchup
what in the world they have this dabangg
hot sauce as what hot sauce shots this
stuff is hot I've heard and you want
yeah they got the moonshine this stuff
is mastered oh this look good it's just
so cool this fish though
his few get all the fishing here are
quite large to be honest
I really want one of these cast irons
these are the best to cook over the fire
C season steel what's it taste like no
but who can guess how much this chair is
$100 don't know why but no thanks would
you find Andrew no idea the bug-a-salt
is fire salt at bugs that's above random
get the bug blaster fire Jeffrey hey you
bourse pour salt in here and then fire
that's funny I want to fire a Jake salt
sugar how does how does salt kill bugs I
don't know it's a new invention
what freeze-dried ice cream sandwich are
you desperate I wish that had
freeze-dried donuts that would be cool
as we please make those guys I have a
feeling that one of the bros is gonna
forget a sleeping bag so who's it gonna
be guys leave your votes in the comments
who's gonna lose or forget their
sleeping bag anybody want some candy
they got a whole aisle here Wow
okay well is that everything you're
getting yeah this is pretty good matches
cast iron
not just any matches waterproof matches
moving on we're at ranch foods directs
you guys remember Andrew and Mary went
here what I was just so impressed by the
bake and I got here so I have to get for
camping forgive me
so let's see what other things they got
here it's just so awesome bringing
community around local food Colorado
asparagus Colorado grown that chest and
a root good left whoa so many cool
options
did you find it man this is gonna be a
great breakfast yes samples
is up these coconut oil chips the best
non-gmo next stop Whole Foods Market
blot never had these before
sliced dried cubies that's definitely
something interesting sounding that's a
possibility but is that where ease they
have all kinds of options here what you
said this in the other vlog injured
crunchy bean snack I don't want that
beans seven grams of fiber yeah it's not
good for camping
Andrew and I will give you a full
rundown of the snacks we got for the
trip once we get to the campsite
tomorrow
so you guys have to wait I know the
anticipation is killing you but right am
i right
you're so right this is the first
camping trip I'm actually writing down
meals not just going to random store on
the way up and saying wow I think I need
food that's a good idea
me too hopefully this will be the best
camping trip yet I think yeah look where
we are
Hollywood theaters it's past a bit of
time since that last clip me and
Brittany went to the gym at dinner
not sure what Ana has been doing but
yeah we're seeing now you can see me too
it just came out today and literally we
haven't been to the movies in the
longest time and I actually really like
the first movie so I wanted to see this
one really bad now you'll see me do
crap this guy's good
now you can see me to was a fantastic
movie I think I may have liked the first
one better but the second one definitely
I give it like I'll give it a beat very
entertaining movie but by anyways I am
actually in a little rush because as you
guys know we're going camping this
weekend and I have to go get some more
things some more snacks and stuff so I
was just making this quick ending for
you guys thanks for watching today the
camping vlogs will be out on Monday
since we're gonna be gone for two days
we're not coming back to upload anything
really on the weekends so I'll hope
you're ok with that but we're gonna have
a really long vlog full of activities
it's gonna be just so much fun so hope
to see you back here soon and stay happy
because again goodbye if only you guys
could smell this right now
yeah it smells like a cheeseburger
