hey guys welcome back to vlogs welcome
back everybody hope you're doing well
we're gonna try and do something fun
today okay more games exploring wildlife
it's a beautiful day out it says it's 81
degrees right now
ouch I know it's a lot hotter in Arizona
so 115 yeah I'm so glad we're not there
because I would just melt instantly
chick-fil-a just got this new app where
you can like order on the app and when
you first log in they give you a free
sandwich so I'm gonna test this out
today let's start a mobile offer here we
go alright something's working
okay submit order here we go let us know
when you're here I'm here so I guess
let's go check it out I'm also kind of
sad because my windscreen fell off my
camera so I need to get some glue or
something to reattach it man since the
chick-fil-a line is so long Andrews just
having me go inside and get it for him
they just gave it to us we skip the line
and it's just that easy folks
see you guys they are how was that
experience
pretty easy he just came out and said
Andrew here you go
Wow we skip all these people here we are
counselor at Canyon State Park all right
we got a map Andrews actually been to
this park before if you guys remember
yeah what blog was that
i titled it like something about a bit
big playground finding a cool playground
oh yeah yeah I went down in the canyon
and then hiked around there for a little
bit that's pretty cool
but this time we're going to a different
part this is a pretty big park so we're
going to the part that has a cave let me
open this up here see there's a big cave
we want to explore some canyons
hopefully find some rattlesnakes because
there are some here Andrews very nervous
he hates snakes but just a spot one
would be beautiful I would run what
guess what did you go pee yeah but I saw
a sign over there which said chili
cook-off challenge what this the third
annual chili cook-off when the thing is
happening June I took a picture of it
June 19th
so nice I mean we gotta come back then
maybe Father's Day yeah this Father's
Day okay it's time to start the
adventure for today snapchat adventure
Andrew and I are at a state park
exploring around cave trail this way
guys I found our first cool critter it's
a bug we don't know what it is he just
climbed to the top of this piece of
grass alright I'm glad I put stairs here
yay we're coming up on cave territory if
you like shoot me some good kay here's
the first cave pretty terrible so this
way that we think it's right there
it could be it whoa did this rock fall
from up there and just perfect
walk right here go on through the tunnel
it's over here
this was the hole we saw down there but
you'd have to like climb up that I don't
think that's it
what take a look what do you see that
looks big in there though okay
is there no entrance other entrance
let's keep exploring up there these
rocks are really interesting it's like
cool
what's that
the mini cave pretty cool I'm coming in
okay are there any critters in here
probably I can sit in here why not
joking this way yes we're really high up
here we're climbing on top of the rocks
I made it Hey what bo keep flowing with
it okay we're on top of these rocks now
we can see everything that's really cool
yeah we were just talking to some guy he
said there's a cave down this way you're
supposed to have rock climbing gear to
get to it so I don't know if we're gonna
be able to go to that cave so there's
another one right up there as well yeah
I don't know what to do I just want to
find a cool cave guys we found a lizard
whoa hey bud hey welcome to the vlogs
bro Oh
viral you thought you were only gonna
see bugs on this log think again we're
hiking up on these rocks again there's a
cool like little cave thing right here
but pretty good views whoa Wow we made
it to the top
I'm still trying to get through this
little thing already kind of feel like
we're on survival the survival vlogs I
know we're trying to find a place cuz
the storms coming best spot right down
there would make a good spot to spend
the night but we're just kind of looking
yeah the views up here woah look cool
picture might be
we found some rock climbing whatever you
call those the little thing you drill in
the rocks these hatches you can lower
ourselves down ah let's just get a quick
peek over the edge okay there's more
rock climbing and some right here as
well we need to go rock climbing okay
I can't find Justin what's that sound
hi I'll see you off this tree cool it's
cooling off nicely it was what you say
80 83 ish can't remember but yeah it's
nice and cold now feels so good
there's a storm inbound uh-oh this cloud
over here looks very cylinder t what do
you guys think a potential tornado if so
will be small changes will be here all
right we gotta get to the cave whenever
you hear thunder
you're definitely close enough to get
struck by lightning so you don't wanna
be standing up here on the edges where
you're the tallest object hit me so we
gotta get down now this is a good spot
if we were out here with no way to get
home this would be a good spot to wait
out the storm I think the rain with it
is the only field was really blowing
sideways I thought alright alright
alright alright storm now get out come
on
just listen for a second I saw lightning
you did yeah Oh Elmo Oh what is this
I thought easier for those of you who
play ps4 games this building reminds me
of an uncharted building uncharted 4
wow yeah yeah hurry you have to use your
rope and swing across to the other side
there's a little entrance down there
coming down
I can almost stand up
there's writing in here let's get out of
here back to the car we will be filming
when it does a lightning bolt ok ok
in the meantime we found this farm we
wanted to explore or we don't really
know what it is but we kind of want to
explore it by the wedge farms what does
that mean let's go in by the e-forms hi
guys hi yeah we're just driving by and
we didn't know what this was I don't
know what okay interesting huh
apparently they just do like horse
training they'll teach you how to ride a
horse as of this words yeah it says
horse breeder - Wow yeah we should buy a
horse by the leash forms you're first
gonna try watermelon for the first time
we've been looking up different fruits
that dogs are allowed to have so you
want to share with you you want to share
with you Buford you need Buford it's
good for you we found out he doesn't
really like strawberries or blueberries
but he does like bananas so what are you
doing but I like watermelon well that's
the end of the video thanks for watching
yeah thanks guys
and guess what what we leave for camping
tomorrow yes so excited two days of
camping and we have a really fun
activity planned that's just gonna be so
insane will tell you later yeah we can't
tell you now we've never done this for a
blog before so it's gonna be armed
venture of the lifetime any final
thoughts before we go too later ah nah
man hope you guys enjoyed us exploring
today I leave a thumbs up okay yeah if
you know of any farms that would let us
like do a tour real farms that would be
great because that farm we found wasn't
really a farm so okay what this Twitter
counts taller video and it got one
thousand retweets oh man tons of tons of
pages have been stealing our videos and
were pissed now we're fine
I mean it'd be nice if they tagged us on
Twitter that way our Twitter followers
could go up a little but yeah oh well oh
well the only positive out of this is if
Ellen sees it and gets us on our show
that would be cool anyways it's enough
talking with you guys tomorrow alright
peace goodbye oh god show you Louise
here what up bro how many times have you
been to Colorado once before once my son
and you enjoying that popsicle
