good morning everybody welcome back to
the vlogs about what you guys want me to
pop in or just like actually just do
your own thing okay well hi guys today
is a super epic day because guess who
was in Colorado right now Nick ang Louie
and Riya I don't know if any of you guys
remember them me and Brittany went to
South Africa and they were there so
we're going to go hang out with them
they're up in Denver but first we're
getting some lunch and we saw this place
so I want to try at mad greens let's go
guys this is epic
yes
salads are huge no
Oh Lord our pita pizza yeah
I am very thankful it's very good hummus
is good what do you think Rick to me
how about you boss my salads good you
have a double good meal ya go it's red
buddy just made it to the house
everybody's inside we saw Nick he's down
there he's just we don't know what he's
doing he's just sitting under a tree for
no reason and just kidding he's calling
his friends that oh yeah yes yes yes so
we're here actually at the Denver
Botanical Gardens surprisingly I have
never been here and I lived in Colorado
most of my life Brittany was here the
other week pretty much it's an area
where they have tons of flowers and
honestly I don't really know what else
it is just tons of gardens right yeah I
mean here when I came I was trying to
film it and it was so like humor they
like fogged up my camera so we'll see
what happens Oh Angie you're here how
you like in Colorado so fly
oh we're loving it you know just been
here for years so today definitely it
was really cold no today and they're
here tell the 14th so we'll probably
have to be hanging out with them a
little bit more today guys Ryan Nick
you're back come to Denver is this your
first time that you first time oh this
is the first time for all of us at this
location will not hit not them but you
can't have a drink it out found yes you
just could put your tongue against
vulture Memorial tropical conservatory
are you curious is this ignores me yes
that's been building it oh ouch is humid
we crash ha they were in Hawaii oh this
is so cool
wow I feel like we're not in Colorado
right now you know oh we've got show you
Louise here what I bro how many times
have you been to colorado once before
once and you enjoying that pops book i'm
joined the firm oh it's dr. Berg glow
collab he's studying the plans as of now
also I think it's really cool we're
looking at all these different names oh
crap there's a bug so it says this is
from Malaysia Ecuador Colombia
it's the jellyfish tree
feels like carpet
it's seriously like extremely hot up
here
oh good gravy what the Craig is this
thing
this is out tree it just has spikes I
kinda want to touch one but
the whole tree is covered in these
spikes
yeah that's like a cute kiss
Wow where's this pump no bears can climb
that
you thinking what I'm thinking sneak in
the door and geeky guys where's the key
I don't know we gotta get in maybe that
hitting the plants these are the coolest
things venus flytrap it'd be cool to
catch one like chomping on a bug like
this is called king
fun fact there's only a hundred of these
in the world this tree and it can grow
to 130 feet high it's pretty cool get
this tiny little tree
so interesting
this is a citrus tree these are all
little limes looks like
yeah the gardener's will be pissed if
you get back this is just gorgeous
you're actually the plots are underwater
oh yeah we found a tea garden ceremonial
space okay Wow ah can you make tea here
I don't know what T looks like no no um
okay why is this door here that you can
barely fit through come on in
please stay on stepping stones oh do not
hey this is like when you're a kid you
can't just the ground oh not sure if
this fish is supposed to be there maybe
you think
he's a strong independent fish who
doesn't
look
you get up here you come over there hmm
they're interesting yeah there's
something up there look at all the
fishies
yes hey cactuses
hey
ouch
there's some big mean cactus
you should give it a hug Nick
Nelson Tucson
you did how oh cool doesn't this look
like a peach I think so there's the core
Wow
this is from South Africa by the way
Nick thinks it's really boring though
because he sees all this all the time
not again so again I come here to the
other plans there's just so many
different types it's I can't stop
filming them look at how many is so
beautiful and they smell gorgeous if
only you guys could smell this right now
yeah it smells like a cheeseburger never
mind what the world that is a cool
building by the way
oh I'm spraying some dirt it's so much
fun i'm spraying the dirt underneath the
Sun dirt dirt dirt there okay yes
where's that a good shot for you guys
Hey Thank You Denver this was really
beautiful hope you guys enjoyed us doing
that this was super fun little adventure
we went on today is that yours Andrew
put it back I loved it here no you
didn't it was a quick adventure with
Nick ang lewin raya and you guys want to
say where we're going now or maybe you
maybe you should say me yeah but this
isn't just for me cuz britain wants to
as well oh we're going to donuts voodoo
donuts this is like vegan donuts cuz i
can't have dairy so Mike I didn't even
get to participate in donating me either
I want to try me and Andrew went here
when we lived in denver's yeah and
pretty pissed anything well that's why
we're here now in this place is one of
my all-time favorite dollar tunisian
socks
Andrew yes didn't we come with a grand
opening yeah that's right the line was
so long it's like way over there he
getting donuts
Wow
me would y'all get got the chocolate
peanut do it man chocolate peanut Oh
dual wield look at it that looks pretty
good I got a box of donuts but they're
not for me I got a the vegan grape one
and then this is a jelly-filled which is
also beacon I got that from Mary and
then this is like a Snickers donut I got
that for an errand so hopefully he
enjoys that
yikes by the way really it's just done
yeah you guys saw I know now it's
hailing thanks a lot guys
oh well guys that's the end of the blog
thanks for hanging out with us today I
don't we have much else to say to be
honest well we have another vlog coming
tomorrow that's going to be so fun that
you won't want to miss it so we hope to
see you back here tomorrow but wait it's
time for some more comments of the day a
special edition of comments of the day
whoa whoa no why yeah because you gotta
be talking angel reminds me of a floppy
pizza
Oh
so cold food now I love my insiders but
never bears I hate pears
for 400 people to like that will become
billionaires copy fork before then I got
the Jews
bring back the dog face down
to talk
