well good morning everybody and it is
actually good morning usually we start
the vlogs like lunchtime but now it's
like 7 a.m.
guess where Andrew and I are going today
I bet you can because it's summer yeah
look at this guy now guess what we're
doing that's a big hint Andrew you guess
snowboarding yeah yay yep we're going
snowboarding is pretty much the life
weekend to go snowboarding and it's
supposed to be 70 up there so this is
all we're gonna be wearing it shorts
tanks you know
we're making our way downtown walking
fast see our officer and this is an
amazing area holy mother asleep yeah yes
we've made it to a rapaho basin this is
the only snowboarding resort that's open
in Colorado oh and today is gonna be so
much fun
everyone's here gonna have so much fun
yes looks funny Wow
feel so stylish right now but I think
we're ready to go I mean I'm trying to
decide if I want to wear sleeveless now
yeah you do I do yeah cuz it's only
gonna get hotter
yeah but up there it's gonna get colder
oh yeah maybe bring it you could wrap it
around your waist
maybe I'll just show
and guess hot we'll come right back this
lift is right there yeah so reply switch
over to the GoPro now invade it we're
not at the top yet but we're going to go
down there it's actually really really
warm right now it's like 9 o'clock some
good snow guys always at the top now
you
you
you
you
you
the mountain it's so cool let's check
it's a snow cave not lying Wow which
ride are we doing on that way okay maybe
we should strap in there's a drop up
here
Oh
what's happening these guys know how to
party
hit him with a dab these guys have you
been drinking at all alright it's time
for us to get some lunch now we were
hungry we didn't have breakfast only
10:30 by cerclage Lion cafe we're gonna
see if they have some food that's good
here put us in the blog basis we got
some food hey I am so hungry if you guys
are in Colorado come to a basin the
snowboard we're gonna be there in about
an hour okay
you can snowboard with us today did you
get what the lens the lens has got
something on it all right we're back and
ready did you guys know that I got
married right across the street
they're bringing back very good memories
I have so many memories right over there
really nice to have I know I love this
town I'm getting a very good zoom you
guys see the pavilion that's where I got
married folks about hitting oh okay
there's going to be a clearing in just a
second okay we were just talking about
how we're really confused about Colorado
in the mountains very dry in some spots
it's and then it's paci in some spots
yeah like Keystone their runs are all
evaporated with snow like it's all gone
yeah we went there we went there this
year
and now you just drive up the road and
there's tons of snow what how does that
work can someone explain I mean maybe
the shade or the hill or no
Bill Nye the Science Guy we had to park
way further away now because too many
people are coming you have to walk way
over there do what is happening boy
bucket now I brought it yeah so what's
happening I've brought the drone and
we're trying to give it up to the top of
the mountain we're like oh we'll just
put it in our bags but it does not fit
so we have to carry it hopefully this
doesn't look suspicious at all we didn't
what we got a drone shot but they told
him to leave yeah I got the shots but
then they're like hi no drones on our
mountain I said fine so leaving anyway
you goofy's yeah it's been fun
snowboarding this season this was the
last run thanks yeah thanks thanks guys
we're also going to get some more drone
shots we have some other cool locations
up here we'll show you yeah right up the
mountain so goodbye 2015-16 snow season
you
you guys thought we were done
adventuring today you're wrong
never what's happening well you guys
really want us to do geocaching a lot so
we're like hey let's pull over and find
a geode and actually we're right by one
can't see on this phone but it's up
right up here we think you find it open
it up hurry can't fool us wow this was a
fastest find ever usually were searching
how hours yeah not how else but holy
moly ravioli Wow who was the last person
to find this back in 2015
no couple their wife - bugs on me
is there any six no so about a month ago
I guess yeah we did it
next one careful you said the
description said you had a parachute to
get it we will find it though you never
give up never surrender
but if I can't get up these rocks I will
this is kind of suspicious what does it
say on there geo what ah yes and it's a
bigger box finally yes what's inside
tons of things I mapped to Utah a bunch
of random things people made but a log
book with a pen that we can sign
goodness this area is really cool as
well guess what uh guess when they
created this when 2009 no way yeah we've
been here what this is a good spot -
it's really cool that you can literally
find geocaches around the whole world
they're everywhere so congratulations
you found it I'm so happy we found this
I love medium sized boxes or giant boxes
yeah they're way cooler and then you put
it back the way you found it tighten the
cap broken now I'll put that random
hub cap back on that's such a good idea
Wow finally we got back home yeah
it's 6:00 p.m. we were gone for 12 hours
pretty much oh now it's time to eat
well starvin all we had today was what
you saw dang it back home guys I'm so
tired we just had dinner didn't film it
cuz the snowboarding was pretty
exhausting gonna watch some survivor and
these cookies we got there paleo cookies
cute yay
well that's the end of the vlog thanks
for watching and I'm really glad we got
to go snowboarding one last time before
the season ended because I think it ends
next or this coming weekend but we're
going to be camping with the bros so we
couldn't go snowboarding but the end of
snowboard season means that summer is
here there's so much fun things we're
going to be able to do so get excited
before I go let's do a couple comments
of the day please more worming videos
yes I saw your toilet paper for video on
Facebook yesterday so I checked out your
channel and I love your videos I've
probably watched a lot of your videos in
like less than 24 hours that's so cool
that you found our channel from the
toilet paper for videos on Facebook
welcome to the channel and everybody
else who's new why are you guys so
positive all the time well Mitch I don't
know it's just uh you know we choose to
be positive instead of focusing on
negative things and then once you start
doing that it becomes who you are so
yeah that's just who we are positive
people we try to spread that positivity
and that's it thanks for everyone
leaving comments on the videos stay
happy my friends and we'll see you in
the next video ok good bye guys this is
really funny watch go give up yeah
kidding of it
