welcome back to vlogs everybody hey hope
you're doing swell man I'm excited for
today every day I'm excited yeah but but
today specifically what are we doing
we're going to the game store you've
invented the game store and so long I'm
just I'm excited to see if there's any
new games that are out yeah man
guys if you have a local board game
store go check it out it's so much fun
to play board games and not video games
for a change
yeah so let's go inside and this is like
our favorite board game store here in
our city so if you come by a town that
we sent you okay see ya munch you didn't
Valentine's bollocks into one of my
favorite find searching searching
heavily every type of game strategy
adventure party games what's your
favorite type Andrew oh man it's so hard
to pick I really like strategy games
what are some board games you guys love
playing if you have any suggestions
leave them in the comments because we
like trying new games oh whoa oh whoa oh
whoa oh sorry no co-op games are fun to
like pandemic that's fun I when it comes
to games I love like graphics game
doesn't look good to the eyes give us an
example which one of these games here is
not acceptable
well usually games in the back they show
you what the board looks like in the
cards see that one's okay looks kind of
cool now let's find one that's not so I
guess here's a example I guess it just
doesn't look true true fun characters
Wow you're wrecking there's always right
do you paint them all individually mm-hm
usually we're in long maps or do they
I've seen this game before and I want to
play it
terraforming Mars it looks fun in its
space but maybe not today I don't know I
think it'd be fun to have a game as I
can this time zone but just not this
game in particular this just does not
look fun Catan is also one of our
favorite games but I just noticed this
the milk chocolate edition you what huh
how do you play I don't know oh this you
like you spin it and it lands on a
chocolate you have to eat it Oh nuts
nothing to believe what I found in the
parking lot what just check this out
Wow I used to collect these cards young
Jedi's oh wait maybe not but I feel like
I have something though taking a quick
stop at the coffee shop where'd you get
I just got there trip but guys angels
never had a
and a lot of you probably don't even
know what a pour-over is I yeah I never
tried it before it so you're trying to
pour over there there to sort of pour
over is you the style you pour it over
and there are the beans which one did
you get I got the Kenya which is a
raspberry honey chamomile yeah he like
flogged say I had a blog okay for this
moment
hmm I can taste flavors right coffee cuz
like normal coffees I can't I didn't
know how to explain it honestly the
beans they use yeah King it is good
though what notes can you taste any
notes of different flavours besides
coffee I can definitely taste some honey
so it's really cool like that
what do you give it out of 10 like for a
coffee definitely like up there but if
you don't really like coffee then you
probably yeah whatever anyways next stop
you already know we have to go to Dales
yes comments cuz you like our card
unboxing videos true tales it's where
it's at I love deals
oh hey deal so obviously these are all
the rares in the case here and they also
it's really cool to have this book so we
can look and you can see like what the
cards actually look like do these gives
you the stats in the bottom looks like
you can get Macau rare looking through
they're already like rare cards because
Paxton Lynch 80 bucks Auto that's pretty
cool
thanks Dale's so grab this box this one
has five autos me on average
five autos so whoo let's open this up
soon you're hoping for the bottom every
single pack do you guys remember that
every single pack is a rare dude you
ever telling the guy there's a cuz
sometimes I do that and give you a super
hot box right Wow
you know they did such a thing I get one
of those again please next stop Target
they have board games as well and I
think they have a lot more choices in
the sense of like games with friends so
let's go inside yeah right but first we
gotta hide him because I don't want any
thief coming in here and saying oh I
missed my bed I can relate oh yeah you
excited for baby clothes yeah guys this
is the guy section but I'm gonna have to
with Brittney shop for baby girl clothes
how is that for you been shopping for
baby boy clothes
I really shopped that much because we
already got a bunch and then your baby
shower you'll probably get tons o do wow
we can match extra too bad that's gonna
be years before he fits in that sale for
eight bucks well okay I may have to
invest just by Mike Mary look I got it
yeah a new shirt you would probably
you've been desperate for this game for
a long time have you guys played
exploiting kids it's about fun yeah
what's that
this very safe to allow people Oh
what's that I think it's by the same
makers which bears versus babies what
these games I guess we could play it
first I kind of like desperate for this
card game the organ trail I don't know
if you anybody watching the younger
generation if you guys have played this
on the computer but I remember in
elementary school like a third grade
fifth grade we'd go and play this on the
computer and it was just so much fun
it's just so classic that's said I'm
buying also this this is really
confusing me like what well it's weird
on camera I can see it perfectly but not
in real life
oh yeah what I cannot see what it says
like looking at all I good yeah but on
the camera I can see it perfectly I only
had a certain angle I could decide angle
you can see that's a hack guys came by
and then Vanessa hoodie it's an extra
small but still I feel like Barrett's
gonna have to be at least like five to
wear this yeah
so there's thinking ahead it's on sale
so this is a good time to buy so when he
presents bear it with this okay
son I bought this for you about five
years ago so if you're watching this in
the future bear it this is for you in a
couple years I don't know how long but
we'll do a flashback to this vlog when
Barrett can finally wear that sweater
so guys stick around subscribe you're
not gonna want to miss this it's gonna
be insane well I'm so excited to open up
this box guys look look for a crack to
ice parallels numbered to 25 that sounds
awesome
and then also pull the ultra rare golden
and silver tickets ultra rare I love the
sound of that
here we go Wow
pull my goodness or packs this would
take forever to open but there's five in
each pack they're so small we're gonna
have to do it we usually do show the
rarest of the rears
okay very good oh really yeah Wow what
is that actually maybe it's not rare oh
it's just a cool one
yeah these cars looking nice who is it
Oh Josh Jones I actually never heard of
him and guys if throughout this opening
let us know what your favorite rare is
and if you like if you're like really
excited about these players like because
I know some of you are at Green Bay
pants oh yeah here's the next Otto
Desmond team hey you have not heard of
him either this one looks different than
the other ones too kaiser hollow at a
ten and numbered boys ooh
five out of ten dude who is he a good
player he's been starting but he's
really like not that good unfortunately
but what I like it this is good Hasan
Rennick oh he's supposed to be pretty
good did I hate it oh no I thought that
was so I thought that was the Otto that
would have been a good one this one
don't know so here are the rears from
the pack which one is your favorite guys
and Andrew made a good point this
autograph is actually on the card itself
whereas these ones are like stickers
that they put on them right you still
sign them but yeah so this one is
definitely
we're out of ten so that's a pretty good
card I just wished DeSean would play
better don't worry he's coming he's
gonna do good okay good all right now
we're opening up the exploding kittens
game now I got this one because it comes
with like the normal carbs and the
expansion cards and then ten new cards
but as you guys can see like these are
simple cool looking cards I think Oh
like dinosaur like it's not too
complicated just a fun game
yeah so this will be a fun game to play
with Ren's I also want to show you guys
my game closet check it out whoa
so we got some good games play-doh one
of the best but well I think Vikings
gone wild fun King king of Tokyo cranium
dark yes this is my munchkin die City
it's a different munchkin rotten apples
banana grams
that one's a pretty fun game to play a
friends you like simple game utter
nonsense fun game it's like there are a
lot of fun games out there but but some
of the fun games they need to make clean
versions of them because you just do
that this have you guys played spike
ball I'm so desperate for that I know
it's just in so cold outside and what
are you doing
I dropped a few games on accent nah ooh
no lady hole design
ah this is an art is he not happy but
buried guess what I got something for
you
let me show you look Barrett yeah I'm
thinking maybe he needs to at least be
maybe four four four that fits but
anyways someday you can wear that yeah
go put it in your closet right now oh
yeah I'll put this in the back because
plenty won't be using it for a while
there we go yeah hey guys this is the
end of the vlog thanks for watching hope
you had fun hope we inspired maybe you
to get some board games Network Wilson
family family fun time guys yeah thanks
for watching leave a like we'll see you
back here tomorrow
