hey guys welcome back to blog daily
vlogs it's a beautiful day out here in
Colorado meanings are both wearing tank
tops shorts
we both have socks that ankle socks the
mid-calf skin um right new sorry I'm uh
knocking but we are at Whole Foods right
now because I'm getting up
I wanted a quick snack before we begin
today's adventure on the vlog channel
Andrew do you want to tell them what
we're doing today yeah remember a couple
of vlogs ago we went to the castle down
in Manitou Springs that it was closed so
now we're going early err in the day so
it'll be open and we have the drone too
so we're going to get some cool castle
shots like this comment we remember you
said you want us to do castle drone and
look we're on periscope right now hey
hey guys every time we mean introdu bear
scope everyone is desperate for us to
say to film you guys they want to be in
the vlogs which is epic by the way I
cracked my screen as you can tell on my
phone in the prank so I got to get a new
phone sometime soon Mucha kombucha they
created a whole section of real-life
kombucha
just water snuffer dr. DS I've ever had
a kefir before you know what that means
live probiotic I guess while we're at
Whole Foods we ran into Olivia if you
guys remember when I was at the airport
I ran into her but she didn't get to me
Andrew
so now we're all together yeah longtime
fan thanks for watching Olivia I'm
getting this because it sound really
good
John kombucha raspberry goji rose and
ants a cool bottle - yay what are you
getting I'm trying this delicious water
from dr. D I hope you don't my deal with
this I know so hopefully it's good yeah
I'll I'll do a review for you guys I
guess would you find a salmon bar never
seen something like this before
I'm gonna try this as well this is gonna
be a very hot snack it says it's wild
caught salmon so that's really cool yeah
and Wow a lot of protein so yeah I think
I might try one of these bars
I'm gonna try this see how good it is
kay guys
wow that's interesting it doesn't taste
much like kombucha it tastes more like a
tea got goji berries and raspberries and
rose petals no there's flowers in here
no you try that back of the bottle says
it has over 3 billion probiotics per
bottle sounds like a lot oh and this
made in Colorado - that's fabulous says
it's Concord grape flavor which
don't really taste that very much it's
interesting very good though it's good
its water keeps you hydrated I think and
if it's got probiotics then win-win yeah
it will go poof later and I was really
excited to try this bar it's from primal
kitchen actually I almost bought some of
these online and they had them here so
this is cool they're dark chocolate
almond with grass-fed collagen it's got
tons of good ingredients in here is it
good
Wow
huh no complaints with taste fabulous oh
I really like this packaging it's epic
looking
that is so weird
yeah tastes like fish but it's like I
could dried out like you have to like
fish to begin with so like fish that's
probably like a seven but if you don't
like fish probably like a two plus it's
got 13 grams of protein and zero sugar
so these would probably be really good
snacks like if you're on a hike like on
the go yeah here we are
mare amount you were right yeh man that
drink was good I just finished it and
after the first sip was like it was good
but then after drinking the whole thing
I was like man this is actually really
good
the castles right over here so let's go
the castle entrance you okay
had big toes we're going in knowing
mints why are you thinking what I'm
thinking
JK all right what is this
boy this is a firefighter area I want to
ride this toy we've come to the
conclusion at the beginning of this tour
is a firefighter Museum which is fairly
cool oh okay I'm not kidding
it's cool seeing all the old tools that
they used to use back in the day Wow
that's your crew hatchet no it's like
ultra rare we're a real fireman's helmet
and take your picture
wooly yes fire hey get the whole where's
the hose oh great
you didn't bring it oh oh right
winters attack oh it's hot here look uh
coolies hats are why'd they change him
these are fire hoods no no what you say
this is the castle yes Wow she said that
this is all nothing's been changed here
like this is how it's built you know who
she say built it like there's a listen I
think forever right she said it was like
some French man and his mom built this
there rich mom are we OH
does this mean we can go in guys like
yeah okay yeah the fireplace this piano
doe this is so cool so here's the dinner
area while you're eating you can get
creeped out by whoever this thing is
it's kind of scaring me Oh what on board
are the door door yeah the ancient
kitchen not bad who's that is this
castle haunted
who is that Cynthia oh okay
what's this mini room what this is at
the timeout chamber let's go here a
sauna not as a level look how all these
Bibles are and how cool their whoa
that's so epic I want to read it oh
sorry
hey uh hello Jesus Church is about to
start you guys we got to get a good spot
yeah I like the background brothers and
sisters Church now today we're talking
about sandwiches
whose favorite sandwich is lose you
would oh
my favorite sandwich uh tuna ah ah this
will not be tolerated
sorry hi this is my first time at church
I didn't know that was the wrong answer
oh crap I'm running late for church
hopefully there's a seat in here please
sit down yeah thank you all for
attending service today we'd like to
begin every service with him please rise
where is the piano man anyways yeah
danger and I would really love to borrow
that we've actually wanted to just walk
around like in public in a knight suit
would be really funny yeah we can't in
here great guess what what it's locked
yeah why can't we go down there we want
to go in the dungeons this is way fun to
explore dungeon but they lock it off
your own
trying to see if there's anything down
there no does it's covered up what Oh Oh
the eyes have to be white guys ain't er
found something found a hint I was
peeking over the edge look what I found
the doorknob turn I thought there was
ink we're on a secret mission guys we
will figure out what's down there yeah
we just got to go upstairs first
this controls just this late broke this
would be actually kind of creepy to
explore at nighttime and it'd be fun to
found like a short film in here like a
creepy creepy film this is dad's bedroom
I suppose this man's name is half flight
Fred what happened oh he's got cool
glasses them fun history fact this note
says the boys wore skirts until they're
about three years old and this was it
that's pretty interesting why don't we
do that
now I don't know you can start that new
tradition with your son you know he
monkeys this is awesome oh it says do
not take photographs fine but guys we
found the prototype for virtual reality
headsets
this is you've seen that I see a trained
man they did a good job I wonder how
well that is Andrew give me use the
toilet yeah ah what what did you measure
in the toilet all right at the end of
the tour pretty much but we're very
curious about the gate should we go
explore it guys
yeah we have to we just have to so I
found a piano that they let you play and
this piano is a hundred years old so
don't break it dude
you play one of these songs please
concur in the Savior's name yeah do you
know how to read note I do but I don't
know how to play on the piano I don't
know how it corresponds oh well if I did
I could try that I have no idea okay
it's very dark in here
okay I think I figured out what this is
you mind sir that's where the fire place
is a firefighter exhibit this right
behind that door
I don't know why this is here though
maybe it's like a secret exit maybe it's
just like crap we got to get out of here
go down there
that was intense though we did get to
explore some secret entrance thank
goodness
castles are full of mysteries I know
there's more here but how because every
castle has its secrets well general I
think our time here is done
remains the dungeons it's time to go
okay
dad imagine waking up in this room
happy winters we're just waking up in a
regular room and these are just randomly
all around you okay see how high up
we're right now you just walk over here
and there's a road huh all done with the
tour now to show you guys some epic
drone shots of where we're at and of the
castle let's do this
you
we're here to win some money how's this
work all the 98k giveaway man so what
you do is you give us your lucky six
digits 0 through 9 okay punch them into
here and then you see what happens if
you win get the money put it in your
lucky sticks digits son sequencing
thanks for trying
come on lucky numbers let's go
well we tried to win the radio station
here and the springs is giving away
ninety thousand dollars but you have to
pick six numbers in a sequence in the
number zero through nine so it's really
hard but they're gonna be doing it again
next weekend so I guess we'll try it
again so we didn't win your did we today
is a great day national donut day yeah
yeah you guys know how much I love
Donuts and I actually haven't had a
donut in a really long time so it's
gonna be so nice today to sink my teeth
into a nice tasty donut let's go goodbye
Buford no doughnuts for you
it is an honor sin why if you get a
frosted doughnut Dunkin Donuts puts it
facedown all the frosting sticks to the
bag are you kidding me
the line today wasn't actually too bad I
feel like it's worse on just regular
Sundays so that was nice
aha no Buford no mine did you know that
national donut day actually has some
real meaning behind it
World War one the ladies would make
Donuts to give to the soldiers to remind
them of home Oh such a fun day today and
I had so much fun exploring the castle
and honestly I want to do some more
exploring I don't know if you guys want
to see more but if you do if you want
Andrew and I to sneak around and find
some more fun abandoned buildings or
just places like what we did today maybe
more castles because there are more in
Colorado then leave a thumbs up and
we'll definitely do more of that yeah
that's brilliant for today's vlog thanks
for watching and have a fantastic rest
of your day goodbye
hey what's up I just learned I never
