well good morning everybody me and
Brittany are at the coin laundry because
as you know we got we like going camping
and this year I'm actually going camping
with the fellas here at the end of June
and so with that being said my sleeping
bag needs washed because Daisy peed on
it a while ago so we're here to just get
it washed real quick and then going to
go do some other errands and now I have
to figure out which machine I need to
fit the sleeping bag in definitely won't
fit in this one so I think it's going to
be one of these big guys over here
just put it in it's going to take about
22 minutes to wash I'm so glad we found
this place because I had no idea where
to go to wash this big blanket but coin
laundry thank you
hate them Dave is Daisy being good my
name she's freaking out
so Justin wanted me to come into these
sprouts cos we're just waiting on our
laundry and so I don't know what Maxie
wants to these kind of picture so I'm
like in the bars and just trying to find
some good snacks for him what'd you get
I got a bar nice okay and they're
gluten-free okay YUM yeah and then I got
your favorite fruit it's peaches
Josh so oh yeah it is peach season what
is Daisy day
sorry Daisy found time to dry this thing
let's try well while we wait for that to
dry we are back home me and Brittany are
cooking a quick lunch and today's lunch
is going to be really good because I got
this online the other day beef bone
broth never tried it before so it's got
this probably it's got six grams of
protein and all all of the ingredients
are just veggies beef bones that are
grass-fed and some spices and such see
that's cooking right now should be very
good see reason I like this it's full of
protein collagen gelatin and other key
nutrients your body needs for proper
joint skin and digestive health very
good it's for the most part it's dry but
when we get home I'm probably lay it out
so it can air out but now time to call
me Brittany need a little wakeup here we
are
kangaroo Cathy
we have a buy one get in here so
absolutely Dada Dada Dada Dada we got a
black coffee with coconut milk instead
yeah so not too bad not too shabby it's
actually really good I don't know if you
guys have kangaroo by Reliv but I love
it
yeah that we're all awake me and
Brittany are at another bike place
because we're looking at all our
different options to see what Mike's we
want to get a little bit that looks like
my name I just Melissa
yeah the hot yes I love the color
yeah that's really cool thank God back
well I did not realize how expensive
listen bikes in there for like two
thousand and the one horse just on I was
like $750 we're like for a bike where I
don't know like cuz all the bikes that I
have had are thrown Walmart be
completely honest and I guess and we're
just really cheap we're bike newbies but
we don't understand some bikes obviously
it will cost more because of the quality
so totally makes sense but for us I
think no feel or not want to spend that
much for a bike we're not like
enthusiasts or anything so we want to
just you know go on paths and right
around town so yeah that's basically
we're just easygoing
we don't keep anything so the search
continues now this is what I'm talking
about bicycle village you should be able
to find oh yes and sale bikes IDEO
oh bike village now this one for you
it's $85 it's got training wheel - who's
interested guys for this guy it's insane
never mind guys how about this one it's
pretty dang nice though to be honest
for getting these bikes but both
matching epic we're sisters Brett
my Google ring conference may operate
like we're both getting the same bike
but yes finally we didn't want to get
Walmart bikes because I've had previous
one of our bikes and actually the gears
break everything breaks so it's
definitely cheaper than the other store
so I'm super excited to be official bike
owner actually but I'm having second
thoughts I want this one forty seven
hundred dollars or fifty eight hundred
originally Oh who's gonna break the news
today that we got good
Bernie found something these are so cool
this one uses got like a basket in a
like a back to my move to California can
I have this for Chrissy yeah this is
like class I feel like any other like
we're a really nice old like fifteen
dress with a milkshake in my hand yeah
you drive this and I'll sit on the front
the better ever yeah we just barely made
them fit in the car had to take the
front wheels off the no problem at all
soon I'm actually thinking about
installing a hitch right here and that
way we can put the two bikes on the back
and go on like fun little trips
oh dang it I've been recording for ten
minutes well anyways guys I put the bike
tires back on so we can go ride soon
dizzy maybe you can come on bike rides
with us because she's very fast but it
is uh it's now I yea it's 5:00 p.m.
right now it's getting close to
dinnertime so Britney's put the
spaghetti squash in the oven I don't
know if any of you guys have ever had
spaghetti squash but if you're trying to
stay away from like lots of carbs and
pasta literally go to the store and try
it
wait pretty much all you do is get a
spaghetti squash which is that's half of
it you cut it in half put oil on it flip
it upside down like she did put it in
the oven for 45 minutes I'll show you
once it's done and it's pretty much
pasta tasting very similar to pasta and
we got these vegan type pasta sauces and
it's like you can't really tell the
difference and it's healthy for you
because it's veggie so maybe go try it
out some day inside though for everybody
out there who is pursuing their dreams
right now trying to figure it out what
you want to do in life I have something
I want to recommend to you guys which is
this book by Lewis house my friend he's
the school of greatness he has this
podcasts and he just released this book
chat book actually I just recently
finished it and literally guys this book
has had a huge impact on my inspiration
and creativity it's just inspired me so
much to get a lot done and if you guys
are looking to be inspired I definitely
recommend getting this book I'll link a
link in the description to an Amazon if
you guys want to buy it and his website
and his podcast if you want to check
them out Louis you are awesome thank you
so much for inspiring me and encouraging
me there's a lot of cool tools in this
book that I feel like everybody could
benefit from
so go check it out
what are you doing Daisy oh and this
book is also very good the Bible if you
guys haven't read it as a Bible yet you
should definitely check it out it's like
the best book right days here's what the
it looks like so good well guys that's
it for the vlog we have another fun vlog
coming tomorrow stuff so come back
tomorrow and thanks to everybody who has
been supporting us lately and for a long
time I guess that's thanks for watching
if you guys want to see a toilet paper
for cleaner fucking another toilet paper
for ya we want to do a toilet paper for
like that we collapse with another
youtuber by the way so if you guys want
to see this collab with a youtuber and
make it for maybe leave a comment on who
and will stay the night - okay tonight
maybe comment on their videos bye bye
