what's up everybody we're on our way to
go camping yeah with Isaac we're in
space and Buford are we going camping
yeah it's time to go because it's
already like 4:30 so here are we gotta
go
alright guys we're here and you may
recognize this spot because we usually
go camping with the Bros here a lot who
all remembers it's just such a good spot
this road to get up here is really bumpy
so anybody that brings a camper or
anything they're not going to make it up
here this spots always open I'm actually
going to try and fire up the drone cuz
we got a good takeoff spot here it's
wide open so I'm going to fire up the
drone go up and see what we can see what
here's a camp fire the nice fire pit and
myself the tent over here we got a fire
going it was tough getting the fire
going because it was raining a lot today
so all the wood is wet but we got it
going I think the best way to find dry
wood is you find big ol stumps and you
can see this parts wet but underneath
it's dry so you take your hatchet and
chopped off the dry parts spider the
spider yes this practice we're trying
fire pizza meat either you're gonna fill
me yeah all right hold the hammer what
are you filming
hi I'm Pablo our neighbor adds in a keep
in mouth yeah hey Mary have you ever
made a pizza over the fire
so this is our first try we have three
so we have a couple of them mmm Pizza
make sure it doesn't get it I got half
and Isaac got half it got dark in a
hurry out here folks to the tent oh yeah
where are we
yeah we're in the sleeping bag is it
time for some Pringles I can't do it
good night good night let's hear it
indie good night Isaac Derek deep
breathe
sweet dreams good night Mary
good night good night Buford it's
morning now everybody and it's pretty
cold out here you see last night the
chairs got frost on them
trying to get a fire started so we can
warm up ah one great thing about
bringing kids camping is they never stop
bringing you sticks would you get a with
this dick alright put it in the pile and
there he goes to get more we'll always
be able to keep a fire going
we just took a drive up to Buena Vista a
really cool town here in the mountains
I have a sick playground it's so big Wow
a slide is it my turn okay yes it's time
for lunch we're making sandwiches
trying to find a plug so I can charge
the drone battery so maybe one of these
stores has a plug I hope so cause yeah I
guess more control shots around here
also trying these chips it looks really
good pineapple habanero made in coconut
oil oh thanks man thanks man no good I
finally found a plug over here at the
bathrooms yes it's funny I was plugging
it in and this little boy from the
playground I came over here and he was
like can I go poop I was like I sure
just go in the bathroom okay
kids are so strange I'm not gonna show
it but there's this little girl right in
front of me she's filling her baby
brother's diaper up with rocks and
putting them in his shirt
I don't know what's going on walks
across the street to the tackle store he
has some new lures when we were filming
that short film we lost a lure as my
dad's so I got to give him a new one
see if I can find it do you want to pick
one out at which one of these that one
okay I think we're also gonna get this I
camp grill because this will help us
make not burnt food what rafting okay I
really want to do that sometime soon but
we're just doing a little bit more
driving in the city here and they got
this cool event going on all these
paddleboard guys this looks so fun but
we didn't bring any swimsuits Robyn one
more snack before we head back to the
campsite the brown dog cafe the views
out here are just the best you got
Mountain back there another Mountain
over there before you want to chip
Marigny got this quinoa soup and it is
really good the best of it okay so good
the campsite now and there appears to be
a rain cloud don't know if it will
actually rain but let me see if we can
get some firewood before it rains see
there's the rain cloud oh this is the
log we've been getting some dry wood
from as you can see this is kind of wet
still but this is very dry and perfect
for burning here's a wild flower don't
know what breed he is but nice here's
another wild flower I think this might
be Indian Paintbrush but I'm not sure
onward Buford there's this bug that
keeps bothering Buford but I guess
Isaac's going poop Hey I felt a raindrop
I think I'm kind of tired right now so
I'm just kind of you know kicking back
and just enjoying the fresh air I'm
really excited to do the Survival vlog
we're Justin and I have to only bring
like a certain amount of items or $10 at
Walmart or whatever we're going to do
and have to survive a night in the
jungle but we're gonna have to do it
when it's like really warm outside that
way when it gets dark we don't freeze to
death because last night was really cold
lucky monkey see monkey do I was
chopping that at log yesterday
now he's chopping it with a stick we
took a nap for a little while and then
it rained for about 15 seconds so
definitely not enough to make the wood
wet
got this fire started instantly yes
we're gonna start cooking dinner here
soon
we're Apple brothers how's your apple
yeah yeah my apples pretty Y as well
yeah it's starting to rain now ah are
you almost finished cooking dinner but
now starting to rain
hurry we have to hurry
well it basically stopped raining but
we're still having dinner in the tent
mmm nice this is really yummy
everybody's starting to rain pretty hard
it stopped raining but before we left we
put a bunch of games on this tablet for
Isaac to play he's been playing this
game for like 40 minutes is it fun yeah
did you show us how to play don't worry
Nick how do you play let's oh man we're
all really tired I have no idea what
time I got up this morning we woke up
thirty minutes to get dressed an hour to
make a fire hour to eat and then when we
left to go to Buena Vista it was already
like it was like 8:30 so we're all
pretty tired came outside to get one
last drone flight before the battery is
dead it's a pretty cool shot I think so
I'm just letting it hover there for a
few minutes
way up there and probably hear it those
guys are having a party down there I
wish we were invited
Oh one and a half hours now you
shouldn't be advertising that why we're
good here decidin play on that what else
we're going to do go play in the rain
boy
get mo in the Indy Oh
good morning Isaak it's morning now
we're making breakfast thank you Greg
thank you all stuck at the bottom oh no
we're gonna try and use our new grill
thing that we bought yesterday so I
should be good it was pretty annoying
this morning those people who were
playing music last night right down
there
I don't know what time was probably
around 7:00 it wasn't too early but they
were blasting music I just woke up and
all I heard listen I'm sixteen going on
seventeen ba ba ba ba ba ba se sad day
up ahead to me where is it hmm hey you
got any paper in this fire
put this in the fire yeah okay I did it
oh you have a knife or scissors or some
paving knife yeah well I mean if I had
to guess I'd say when Isaac's older he's
going to be a lumberjack there it's
installed this is gonna make some great
eggs are you excited yeah
pancakes you're looking good YUM
the people watching want to know if you
want to do a game play on goof squad
gaming what do you say please please
yeah yeah that'd be fun huh yeah yeah
yes go ask Ellie yeah go
it's about 11 o'clock now so it's time
to pack up and head back home so you get
the sleeping bags in the drone some
diapers it's about it so we gotta get
the tent in here
we're all packed up
goodbye campsite all right as I push the
button close it up
we are home ah we were going to go to
the pool but there's a thunderstorm
outside and yeah so we can't go now
well we'll go tomorrow since we left
Friday I didn't get to watch our caught
on camera episode so I'm gonna watch
that I guess that's the end of the vlog
thanks for watching um we had fun
camping I think Isaac had a really fun
time
there's just nice little chill get away
did you have fun yeah
yeah Camping's awesome can't wait
camping trip with the bros in a couple
weeks okay sorry
we'll see you guys next time peace peace
I'm making a go for it someone's over
there
