ah what's up guys welcome back to vlogs
it's really windy today but kyudo buzz
driving my goodness oh look up cheeks
booty so happy you guys are here there
we get lunch with them today extend the
springs okay so when we're at the meat
store I got three beef ribs and I really
love ribs it's one of my favorite meals
but I don't really know how to cook them
that well so I put these guys in the
crock pot all day and here's the final
product I'm gonna try it out it looked
pretty good looking pretty tender Wow
mmm-hmm that's pretty good Mary you got
to try a bite how's the ribs Buford was
that good
mm-hmm he wants more he's desperate run
our way to Mary's parents house now cuz
they invited us over for some chicken
salad
yeah yeah yeah we're doing a puzzle yeah
yeah puzzle is fun
look at this what's that I don't know
what pieces nice
I see where it goes
dinner's done and we're going to this
kind of local ice cream shop
it's called Rizzuto's so let's go check
it out
letters fast macademian thank you by the
way this is a small size apparently very
said the kids size is the one scoop
which is I would didn't really want this
much but oh well I'll take oh my gosh
Tamara got reading my what you say
that's the that's the foot tall
my goodness gracious the football 14
swirls yeah Wow
no regrets a family ice cream time that
was a lot of ice cream
good you outdid yourself but a lot in a
bad way
I didn't mean to eat that much it just
sort of happened but yeah if you guys
are in Colorado Springs
check out Rizzuto's they give you things
of ice cream so it's yummy we're going
to drive it back to Mary's parents house
then say bye to Grandma's and aunts
grandma Oh true grandma and then go home
and then mary has to get up early for
work tomorrow so we had to get her home
and tuck her in for now night night took
me a minute it's 9:30 and I realize that
I have to get up early in the morning as
well because we are shooting a short
film tomorrow more on that later but
it's about time for bed so I'll see you
guys in the morning
it's morning nice and early
I'm having some viga to go I have to go
now okay but you can't come sorry bud we
have all arrived hi Tyler
you excited for the shoot I'm away I got
Nathaniel here
Nathaniel hello hi how are you good you
too let's hug
so we are here in Palmer Lake Colorado I
mean it's like 30 minutes from where we
live
Palmer Lake it's so beautiful out
peaceful 630 right now no swimming no
boating dang it yeah today we're just
filming a short film like Andrew said um
it's a comedy where me and Andrew are
basically these Fisher friends we're
fishing whatever we are thinking of we
catch that's basically the gist of this
so we are here we're trying to figure
out where we're going to shoot exactly
if we want to film on this bridge or if
we want to film long the coast to coast
so yeah should be fun day all miked up
get ready for the first shot first shot
we're gonna attach this to you somehow
yay
what's he doing God thank you Andy look
I got fishermen just finished part 1 of
the shoot yes are you pleased I was very
pleased these two are hilarious I love
working oh my goodness whiskey's what we
got a whole picnic here
yeah Andrews got his giant boots on my
goodness I may have to do a scene
halfway out in the water maybe need yeah
you can't how far can you go
does that sound like too deep so maybe
like that way how can we go like we
actually have the camera about this high
and we're tilt down then you're gonna
stand up you're gonna take and just cast
it this way it's freezing out here guys
it's supposed to be like 80s today I
don't know what's happening very rude
what same angles it was hot so cold
um you have to stand up with your
pulling your head come on Andrew I gotta
get me just music it focused on looking
like guys you're getting focused Andrew
come on
action hey I'm recording for the vlog
dude right Zack you reset it see what we
have to deal with here give me a piece
of that homemade apple pie well we just
finished I think it went well what do
you guys think when you ask me
yeah what time is it by the way Wow it's
pretty good so I'm excited to see this
final product but it's seal it
I guess it is so what's happening here
we're back home now and I have a problem
in the backyard which he is gonna help
me with I am yeah
Oh fine he doesn't know what it is yet
though so this will be a funny surprise
great what
what's this grade and getting scared yet
yes I don't want to go in here undo the
hatch okay here's the problem that we
need to fix there's a real-life B nest
what where do we put it
that's what I brought the cup maybe you
can like put the bean the cup why do you
have to build it here I know he's doing
a good job but sorry dude you built it
in the wrong spot maybe you can pet his
house and him somewhere else yep I can
go okay try but where do I put it
oh my goodness back he's coming back in
get out he's hovering right here I can't
leave oh it flew away he's gone mission
success got rid of the nest and the bee
flew away the I uh I'm glad we handled
that I just you know I'm glad we didn't
like kill the bee because bees are very
important
he's a wasp if you would have tried to
hurt us he would have had to use a
little bit more force to get rid of him
but he was nice he understood the
problem he built this house and he
wasn't invited so he's time to go he
would have been became my friend I
wouldn't let him but I protect him
I say no hurt me I'm saving you as
you're shaking it don't hurt me I bet
you well guys as the end of the vlog
thanks for watching guys we have a ton
of fan mail we're thinking about
actually doing a whole oh I put it
downstairs but we show them real quick
okay
as soon as I change huh
we know a lot of you have sent us mail
and we've kind of neglected it for a
while so we're thinking about doing a
pull coming back and doing the full fee
MLS owed as you can see we have so
there's a lot of mail here here we're
still going to open so hold on your
horses will make a video soon we promise
and I also really want to make a toilet
paper fort soon you know a lot every
vlog like told me before please I mean
that's what you guys won so which we
enjoy making those so not a problem
all right well we'll see you guys in the
next vlog all right have a good day
adios goodbye let's go family trip to
the vet
you go you're excited busy doctors going
to take good care
