it's 10 p.m. right now and we're going
to take Daisy to the vet because she has
a swollen eye
Daisy sit music so you show the family
where look at her eyes and now this one
yeah it's a little swollen on that side
we've we've left a little time like I'd
say like 20 minutes past she only have
one eye swollen because we didn't know
what it was from really so we're just
going to make sure it's better to be
safe and sorry we say so I think I know
what it is because I was trying to get
these pomegranates like seeds out and
they were just kind of flying everywhere
and we couldn't find like the one that
fell on the ground
and so I think she may have found it
maybe Daisy just want some potatoes even
though that's a yam Daisy I think you
want a yam but Daisy
ah yep all right well let's go family
trip to the vet you go you're excited
baby
doctors gonna take good care guys here's
the ghost pepper plant and I just saw
something this morning look it's a
pepper it's growing yes it was like it
just started so hopefully soon well the
rule if goes never putting them outside
to get some fresh air there you go buddy
cilantro needs some Sun as well so
here's our garden well here we are
powers pet emergency 24/7 take it go I
think Oh dizzy get out from under there
she's acting completely fine which is
expected Jack you know it's still like
crazy but these
it's pretty nice in here
safelight repair safelight replace here
he comes folks we're just getting her
windshield replaced today yeah yeah wait
for it ah go beaver
here's that crack I showed earlier it
grew ah are you making sweet potato
we're trying to make sweet potato hash
browns this morning so see how they turn
out this is a crazy shaker man so many
layers fruit powders it's over the top
get it
yesterday we did the spicy hot dog
challenge oh I gotta go to the bathroom
you just look at this meal it's so
gorgeous thank you these are the sweet
potatoes let's try a bite not bad
laughter pretty good Wow she just laid
down how long is it gonna last where's
your bed uh ten more seconds okay
am i right no well she is pretty comfy
it looks like thank goodness
you just got into the room she's about
to get diagnosed she needs to calm down
look at it okay sit
dizzy sit sit you guys can tell like a
little bit around her eye it's still
swollen
I think she's camera shy gaud√≠ I
advanced autoparts gonna get windshield
wipers I had a lot of choices it's so
fresh no cracks I'm just gonna listen to
your heart
kidding for once uh-oh
so the doctor said it's not a food
allergy
but it looks like she said it looks like
it's a bug bite or a spider bite she
spends a lot of time on that patio so
wonder if that's yeah maybe she got bit
by a little bug so they're gonna
probably give her some take two shots to
help with the Esso she feels they're
ready we'll get her a whole bag of
potatoes to Joey at the coyote just go
back home it's midnight
everything seems to be good Daisy got
her shots she's got a little green cast
thing on you know we take it off yeah
you excited to go to bed she's tired
he's tired
we'll give you guys an update in the
morning on Daisy's progress but now it's
time for bed here in the mountains now
we're going on a hike got everybody here
Oh a cold Oh flavored in here like
really oh great yeah hey guys I'm back
welcome to the hike it's a butterfly
guys
getting pretty close guys our trail all
right ah there's rocks on the trail by
the way this whole side of the mountain
burned down like three years ago
how's the Waldo Canyon fire so we got a
hike up can't really see it that little
ledge right there that's where we're
going
just taking a water break what is this
on top we've got a little feather like
maybe kill the bird to get this like no
this is camera this is the windscreen oh
it's the wind sorry guys - yeah yeah
yeah I mean but we found a nice little
shade spot guys
yeah how's the height going awesome
great you know it's a nice day out here
we got a little bit of breeze going yeah
got a little shade right now are we
close to the top I'd say we're about
halfway so I'm just guessing the
oh gosh over here he hasn't broken a
sweat yet hey as you goodness he is in
shape just look at that beard oh my
goodness that is Josh oh there's Santa's
workshop I'm using in park oh I can see
the ferris wheel man we should go
yeah some giant beaver was up here took
down the whole tree are we almost Eric
Colton we're getting close
I like say everybody's doing a great job
today it is really pretty up here the
scenery is on point you made it to the
top check out this view and they lost
like two people on the way Pikes Peak by
the way and it is stellar today yeah
that's crazy it's so warm out right now
but it's still really snowy on Pikes
Peak what is that someone pooped in
there Wow there is sorry guys
goodbye a good view goodbye time to go
back down Oh
at least it's downhill this time not up
yeah that's a that's a positive all down
up look Julia this was actually a pretty
intensive hike I'd say ah we did it Oh
paddlers oh cool wildflowers to like
this guy you can go clubbing hello yeah
there's more flowers cool
well good morning guys we just we've
been up for a little bit now I want to
give you a quick update on Daisy she is
recovering perfectly her eyes have the
swelling's went down she doesn't have
any more swelling she's still crazy
happy and we're gonna go on a hike with
her today aren't you still happy we took
you to the doctor
good girl oh well guess what so right
now we are in Black Forest Park because
I today is like supposed to be 80
degrees out although it is a little
cloudy and windy it's like the perfect
day to go on a little family walk and
tomorrow we're doing just an air during
our last wedding I don't know if you
guys know that but it's nice shoot
together and so wanting to take
advantage of today since we're gonna be
working all day tomorrow yeah exactly
so one thing a lot of you may not know
is Colorado had a pretty big fire I
think it was a couple years ago fairly
recently though and this area got really
affected so all these trees are burned
and most of this area is like this
actually it's kind of sad but that's
what happened it's just cool to see
everything growing back even though it
was a really big fire and everything got
burned like the ground is starting to
grow all the plants back it's just crazy
whoops Daisy's getting hot in the
Sun you go you like the shade you
thirsty
oh good think about it from the water
yeah
it's very hot out here guys alright guys
with us at end of the block thanks for
watching
what do you want to say sorry last week
we were slacking on the vlogs but this
week we have a full week vlog back to
normal
yes don't worry yeah last week Aaron
graduated Mary's brother graduated
family in town it was just kind of hard
to really the usual schedule but anyways
this week more vlog pranks it's gonna be
great we'll see you guys tomorrow
alright bye bye bye bye bye bye ah pain
is temporary pain is temporary see how'd
you finish this
