Oh welcome back to vlogs whoa and Fort
Friday yes we're back at it we got the
forts coming at ya we're doing something
you guys really enjoy and we haven't
been able to do it for a while but we're
hoping today we can what did you bring
in the backpack this is the backpack of
fun to see what's in here
it's a TV and a Playstation we're doing
another in-store PlayStation 4 in the
rafters hopefully we got to find a good
area and we're gonna set up the gaming
get online have some fun so let's go
inside all right so we're trying to look
for areas that have plugs and the lights
have lots of plug light section so we've
kind of found a section back here see
that has like a slant wall huh well I
got back here but it's very dusty guys
it's just insane and it's actually not
that much room like we would be very
squished though so good I thought though
but we're gonna keep looking it's kind
of different here this is behind this
sinks now this is a pretty cool area as
you can see I'm very open
just good amount of room but there's no
like plugs in here so if we wanted to
like plug in the TV and Playstation we
wouldn't be able to so we may have to
keep looking
unless there's like a hidden plug around
here somewhere I like to think sinks
though cuz you have like spy holes do
you find a spot maybe I don't know
that's why it's hard in stores cuz
employees walk by and see you going in
the shelves alright I'm looking for
plugs now there's lights there's going
to be a bug nearby somewhere
oh I see one we could definitely get a
little extension cord this is really the
only opening which is not bad because
look there's a good lighting this is
epic
all right we got the bagged up here
we're gonna go get a couple of supplies
from you an extension cord and maybe
like a little brush to sweep away all
this dust but then I think they have a
sweet gaming Ford up here this is so
cool we got here a Ganga brush what's
that I don't know but it's gonna work
cuz it's dusty up there so we're gonna
pick this is like a brush okay guys we
just bought everything we got the
receipt in here see there we go just now
it's time to get in we also got rocky
now Andrew are you ready
a rake
Oh
now we gotta plug it in you said there's
a plug over there
oh yeah
we got fooled see the plate in there
yeah but we can't get to it
you can't touch these because they
wiggle and bang around yeah see bumpy's
is a cocoon we have to find a plug in
this definition
mmm he's on a secret mission to find a
plug will he succeed hoping yes Oh guys
this is like the best fort but there's
just no plug and since we bought the
PlayStation we have to have a plug hate
to say it but we're gonna I mean look
how big it is there's so much room
there's no holes
it's clear I think
the traveling fort boys are on the move
oh yeah ah that box just pranked us guys
plug spotted there he is
aha but can we get back here I don't
know look where we found ourselves guys
the toilet paper so um there's a plug-in
right at the end over there so I'm gonna
try and see how far the Cardo reach
space so we found another there's a
closer plug that I completely didn't
mean see so yes this is my work we are
making this look like the coolest little
gaming language check it out we're gonna
put the tee right here so hopefully no
one takes toilet paper people don't
usually come here to get toilet paper so
if they do they may see us but it's
worth it we got our seats here okay I
think they have Wi-Fi here too is if we
can get on the Wi-Fi I don't know how
get ready to turn it down
it appears Wi-Fi is working let's login
yeah by the way guys if you want to play
with us or play this game for tonight
it's our favorite game right now
download the link in the description so
click that link every time someone
downloads it from our link it really
helps us so you guys forget to play the
game thanks for supporting us guys and
also we want to play with you guys we're
gonna make some gameplays on our gaming
channel so download a now hurry
we're in find a match it's working no
way yes how big is this I'm gonna laugh
it's really if someone takes this what
are you guys doing in here I know Tim
mom wouldn't let us play at the house a
week
what night just launched their new map -
that's so cool presents I love presents
you need wait someone's cards right here
- do not take our toilet paper
Thanks
a lot of people are here almost no
you're gonna have to fill up this whole
people keep walking biting him actually
oops
let's see us it's it where do you go
I can't look there's eight people left I
have four kills in my goodness I'm doing
good if you guys don't know what like a
fortnight is about it's like you versed
100 other people on this map and it
keeps shrinking last one live wins
so come on intro first ever public out
in public victory fortnight yes
it's Andrew and one other person left
this is coming down second place is the
best public match literal public match
you've ever had so just goofed up before
we leave we're trying to think of some
funny things we can yell out of the
Florida to confuse people standing right
over there
just go say something funny yes
fortnight okay
yes fortnight do you guys want to play
fortnight
you know figured out yeah I didn't know
there's a playwright there they probably
thought that employee was going yelling
at them do you find everything hello
fact this is a good fort for throwing
stuff in people's carts oh yeah people
walk by so yes a few people have been
hanging around here
yeah I've been funny hacking everything
up now guys yeah mission success this is
a really good spot for gaming forts if
you guys have any other ideas or what
just want us to do it again this is a
good spot yes and we're putting the rugs
back folks yes
we come out to this view Wow that's
another successful fort wow that was
just Gary Poppins wouldn't you say yes
so much Gary Poppins guys if you liked
it as always leave a like and we'll see
you back here in the next video don't
forget to download a fortnight in the
description bye
you
