hey guys welcome back to bored Jase -
today we're doing a unique challenge
something we have never done before the
summer is right around the corner so
that means grilling outside hot dogs
chips you know BBQ stuff so today we
wanted to do a hot dog spicy hot dog
theme - challenge right so we're going
to get some hot dogs then get some hot
ingredients so let's go to the store get
the ingredients and get this challenge
going
you
look at their ghost pepper plant by the
way remember ours at home they already
got two peppers growing this will be
ours one day okay so we got all the
ingredients we're going to go down to
the line and tell you everything that's
going to be in a hot dog so of course
with a hot dog you gotta have a sign
which is jalapeno chips we got some sea
raksha jalapeno hot SUSE cheese now some
of the condiments are dill relish we
couldn't find any spicy dill relish so
we're going to soak them in this
moonshine hot sauce that we did you guys
probably saw in the hotshots make them
spicy next up we have some : cleaner
must heart : cleaner mustard this stuff
the lady said is pretty hot but a good
flavor so we'll see some extra hot
horseradish sauce we're having trouble
saying that you tried horseradish sauce
horseradish hot sauce next up some
sriracha ketchup last but not least we
bought some crust
we bought some crushed
ghost chili peppers let's get cooking
let's fire up the grill sighs oh no
Aaron's here he's just gonna try the hot
dog testa form to see if it's spicy
let's smell this oh ouch
oh maybe my eyes water this is gonna be
very hot whoa settle okay I think what
Eddie what have you got my brother the
fuck Craig okay yeah really a lot oh oh
you have to eat everything on your plate
okay the buck meat through one fire
there's no way out
oh the horse rice josh is so bad tastes
terrible
yoga my eyes yes thing with peppers is
like they have a slow very slow start
Nick oh not bad let's Paulo and more and
that starts attacking your mouth and
then Wow
the Hat is not helping Jake hot how
about seven point eight almost innate
good turn-ins I see red holy crap pain
is temporary pain is temporary see how'd
you finish this
you're a psycho ah why you're a psycho
okay after that out Oh what's his
problem dude
just his arrow mr. hotdog itself tastes
like poo huh wrestling Yipes that was
near exploding who is excited for the
bathroom well Justin won we're gonna
cool prize
yeah don't make it in full relish
okay I'm soaking in the moonshine you
psycho oh hey yeah oh now you try that
by itself all right try it
any a beverage oh I can't handle myself
yeah wait that's the ghost pepper sauce
why like a portal you got really close
to finishing I know oh all right okay oh
you're really on my Fidelio
why don't I speak different languages ah
ah why are we gonna end the vlog we
should yeah we're gonna hit this now and
we're just gonna eat chips another point
if you guys want to do this challenge
the ingredients are gonna be in the
description so check them out try and
find some the ones you can actually buy
but not list them so yeah I guess we'll
see you tomorrow or whatever yeah bye
bye guys
bye look
