you okay what's up guys what plungers
guys welcome back to vlogs today is
gonna be a fun one because we finally
pretty much figured out what we're gonna
do for this week's prank if you guys
watched yesterday's vlog we we're trying
to do plunger shoes
but that idea isn't going away it's
staying it's just adding more it's gonna
be a part of the video we're doing
plunger or not plunger we're doing
funniest shoes I guess is I don't know
what we're gonna call it I don't know
something like that just a bunch of
different random shoe styles cuz you
know we've done squeaky shoes so I've
squeaky shoes just so stuff like that so
we're heading out right now gotta go get
supplies and it'll be fine look what
just came in the mail today and we have
no I we didn't order this we didn't ask
for this we don't know what it is says
hola ready to guac some super food
goodies from Trebek Otto
do you have any guesses of what this
might be Andrew avocados that would be
really cool if it was a box of avocados
alright well let's let's open this are
you guys ready
is it avocados are they from Mexico no
darn it Vica what is it
it's shoes get it out now
one second shoe box that's a big shoe
box but they don't make shoes maybe it's
their new brain help me get shoes this
is awesome I love this are you ready I'm
game what is being ready foot whatever
life throws your way
a Vika bottle whoa these new products
yeah clean energy and electrolytes clean
protein what what new addition this is
epic Wow and what is this press play in
your next adventure
ain't it football just a speaker maybe
it is this is a small speaker should try
it out that's cool we can bring this in
the library definitely a new product we
haven't seen before it's non-gmo clean
means gluten-free vegan made without
dairy or soy no artificial flavors
colors or sweeteners so we got 25 grams
of protein with BCAAs and glutamine oh
this is awesome
Wow well shout out to be here for
sending us this package they're just
static people yeah we this is seriously
like one of our favorite products so
they must like what our videos I guess
now we can play football
Buford would get to Bob you guy he likes
it
it's Buford approve guys ma'am get back
in your car thank you
well our first stop is at Walmart and
surprisingly they don't have what we
want which is Belle's very rude of them
but Hobby Lobby knows what's up we got
it guys we're at Goodwill because we
need some rollerblades for the scene the
classic one shoe rollerblade
first stop for pranking Lowe's looking
good shortstop Thanks whoops
darn it and crack my phone
yeah yeah what
dang it
Oh dad
before we go to King Soopers to get
onions we're stopping at a dollar store
to see if they have whoopee cushions
because one of you left a comment on the
vlog saying whoopee cushions would be
funny as a shoe thing for the prank so
we're gonna see if have whoopee cushions
because that would be funny if you're
walking around farting come on come on
come on
whoopee whoopee whoopee cushions whoopee
whoopee whoopee cushions whoopee
cushions
whoopee cushions if we do they'll be in
toys Oh on the last fire party oh maybe
next to the label Thanks
I don't see any whoopee cushions here
have to go to Walmart i I just feel like
I remember seeing whoopee cushions here
before though it's not fair aha
there they are
onions so the video is we're gonna see
we're gonna cut onions and see who can
last the longest basically the cutting
onions challenge
there's obviously you can see there's
like three different types of onions
here yeah we're gonna get one of each
and look these are Colorado grown onions
yeah I want that we're trying samples of
the peppers he's got some samples for us
we were thinking about adding a pepper
to the end of the challenge like you cut
up all the onions the need to take a
bite up a big old pepper but I think
we're just going to stick with the
onions yeah we haven't done anything
like this before
Great Scott
thank you
a way to get my bag it's finally over
Kanye goes berserk here we are the
onions ah cutting table yeah oh I don't
know
well it's Wednesday but we haven't
uploaded the prank yet it's like almost
4 p.m. but we just filmed the ending for
the prank so we just got to put that in
and we can export the video for you guys
can see it sweet and then we can finish
the onion video cuz we went out we
bought the onions and then we went and
filmed prank cuz we didn't have it done
yet so basically the goal of this is to
see if you can get through three full
chopped onions why is this happening
though so much fun do you want to be an
onion chef sure his whole job is just
kinda chugging it alright next onion why
is it so spicy
any food peeps out there who understand
this you should just get a whiff of this
oh I will
like literally when you're done cutting
though that makes Mel's really good
it's already in spicy you have to we're
not done yet though we're going to put
all the onions together and blend them
up and see if that has any effect Mary
went locked herself in the bedroom she
said it's too spicy to come outside
let's go that Kragen so I did really do
anything well you have a tomato paste
you can put that on your sandwich now
someone has to yes you thanks for
watching today's episode of what what
about when it's called watch us try
blank yeah we tried cutting onions in
today's episode leave some comments yeah
wasn't like the best challenge I guess
but it was painful and maybe a little
funny so leave some comments down below
of what else you want to see us try in
next episode it could be anything guys
also we're thinking about doing a better
challenge this week cuz my uncle is in
town to watch Aaron graduate and he
really loves spicy stuff so you know
we're all about that spicy life so we're
thinking about maybe doing a spicy
challenge with him and yeah you know
this will this challenge that we have in
mind for this video it'll be much better
than the onion challenge we just did
yeah but anyway
hope you enjoyed
we made it for Aaron's graduation think
is really cool that all the high schools
around here they have graduation on the
Air Force Academy in the basketball
arena secre D
so can't believe we filmed the prank
here like two years ago yeah man
how do you do that just doing them
thinking about doing a prank now here
he's making me nervous
you did a good job there they are all
lined up
is that Aaron how did you see definitely
like he's got a gold thing that means he
did a good job I think we're really
hungry but there's not that great to
snacks have hot dogs and popcorn wait
Mary look chips yeah Aaron Christopher
sites oh my goodness so many people on
this list the key
I want to play
here insights air insights
Aaron
that man just graduated
we're trying to find Aaron Aaron
good job Thanks being the errand brat
yay you want to see the inside it's
pretty cool well it's about 8 p.m. now
me and Brittany already had dinner and
everything and we stopped by Whole Foods
I'm so excited later we're about to go
work out and after we're gonna have this
paleo pancakes grain free gluten free
soy free dairy free it just sounds so
good with peanut butter and then
Brittany's gonna make like a blueberry
strawberry jam with chia seeds just with
these so did you want some
what too bad you don't get any like 100%
natural caveman ingredients and his
company's from Colorado so it's pretty
cool I want to go visit them and say hey
Brittany and I just got to the gym
Andrew and Mary just left right we were
coming in they were leaving
back home from a pretty stellar where
cats can't complain and now it's time to
relax probably just gonna watch some TV
shows usually at nighttime as our just
downtime hang out and we have a few
shows we watch so probably going to do
that I also actually bought this today
it's a connector thing so this connects
into my computer and then I can plug
that into the TV because a lot of shows
we actually watch online
like for example survivor and Amazing
Race and we don't have cable so we watch
it on my computer so this is gonna be
very convenient it's about 10:30 at
night Mary and I understood a workout a
couple hours ago but she went to bed I'm
pretty tired I'm gonna go to bed soon
but before I go to bed I felt like
telling you guys just a quick story I
feel like maybe there's somebody
watching this vlog that might benefit
from the story so I wanted to tell you
it real quick before I went to bed this
was back when I was in film school back
in college and one of my professors he
had this assignment we had to write a
hit write like a three page script or
something
I went home we did the assignment ever a
bull script I can't remember what it was
but so the next class period we all came
into class we had her scripts in front
of us and my professor came by and he
collected a script from this person in
exchange he'd give him a penny then he'd
go down do the next person take their
script give him a penny yeah we don't
really know understand why he's giving
us pennies for our homework assignment
so after he gave everyone a penny for
the script he said there now I've just
paid everybody for a script you are now
professional writers and his point being
was that being a professional versus
being an amateur is only that a
professional gets paid that being a
professional doesn't necessarily mean
that you are insanely more skilled or
you've been in that industry for ten
years and you know everything there is
to know about everything and the real
point there was that everybody in that
room we even though we were still in
college that we had the skills to be
professionals and I think that was a
really cool lesson that anybody can
apply to their lives that being a
professional isn't some impossible dream
that you're never gonna be good enough
to be a professional I don't know
photographer or a professional dancer so
keep in mind you guys are just one
paycheck away from becoming a
professional so don't give up I believe
in you guys anyways I'm going to bed now
thanks for listening to my story
I thought maybe somebody out there might
benefit from it you four look over there
and the lens youever yeah love Cory look
anyways that's then the vlog thanks for
watching we'll see you guys tomorrow
okay
