well good morning everybody and welcome
back to vlogs Andra and I have a really
new fun idea that we want to try out for
a prank why don't you show them not
doesn't involve that this you know what
this is it's a plunger
it's a plunger without the stick but
we're gonna try and attach these to the
bottom of our shoes you know how we've
done squeaky shoes before going five
plunger shoes would be a funny idea in
the store so we're trying to figure it
out it's kind of hard you know they have
this thing on here so we're thinking
about maybe just cutting this off source
more flat to apply to a shoe I guess and
then using tape but we're yeah like I
said we're trying to figure it out cuz
you need a like a lot of plunging on the
ground like a lot of force that's to
pull it off so I have to have a lot of
like tape or something so we're just
trying to figure that out right now law
you got it off kind of smells like a wet
Buford here smell yeah we're almost
there folks
got it so now we're gonna try tape see
if it works is it working
I don't know I'm still not sure like if
it goes and I'll underneath it it ruins
this section yeah that's the only
problem
so let's see it just sounds so loud but
like you can't hear the suction that's
the only problem
run
we're back at Andrew's house now Aaron's
about to come over we're gonna hide from
him though and see if you can find us
there's Aaron where we hide he's gonna
come in and come up here and go in the
kitchen we're not here and then he'll
think we're in the garage
don't it you found me Buford you York
you always give away hiding spots first
found you yay
now that Aaron found us were playing
ultimate munchkin edition with a
munchkin booty version and normal
version combined kill another super
munchkin oh I wanted all right well hold
on with that me and Brittany are now at
always theory fitness because we're
gonna cook workout in today I burn with
self-confidence that's Jennifer and work
hard
how do you feel
yeah if you guys ever run on the
treadmill mirror well they're speeding
we're on the treadmill at 15% incline
for a while is tough and as you can see
it's rainy and freezing it's been
raining all day today yeah I didn't
really feel much don't film too much
when we're doing the workouts because
it's kind of hard because we're
constantly moving but hope you guys have
been staying active lately if not go
cactus I think you'll like the results
and you like the way you feel staying
active is important I'd say after excuse
I'm always the one in between us two I'm
always one excuses and I don't want to
go but no I make you too but it's like
when you get into the habit and you
start seeing results and you start
feeling happier like like mentally I'm
happy if any of you guys have recently
started like working out or staying
active let us know in the comments we'd
love to hear like how you're feeling and
how you're doing so it's really cool
yeah like it helps you even like like I
said so much mental if you're depressed
or just dad go work out help me I like
this sign 25 local vegetables and fruits
are available at the grocery store
now we just got to find them
reason why I think everybody should
support their local farmers is for a
very good reason not only does it
support your economy and it supports the
farmers making it and it puts these dumb
big corporate businesses out of business
who don't need to be in business who
mistreat animals put chemicals in our
food and are pretty much destroying the
world so look at this locally raised
groomer three air chilled free-range no
added antibiotics no added hormones and
vegetarians bed
and a lot of you probably have the
concern that eating organic and healthy
and whatnot is more expensive and yes
you're right and it's a little more
expensive for a reason but if you
portion control and cook at home it's
not that expensive at all eating
vegetables is actually a lot cheaper
than you think folks
so this chicken for example nine dollars
and sixty six cents this is a pet 1.3
pounds of chicken this would Paul last
for me and Brittany three meals that's
without any extra vegetables or anything
so you got that so you divide that by
three which is about three dollars just
for the chicken maybe even less if you
if you portion right now let's take a
look these eggs guys
the reason why I like this brand a lot
of fresca way because it box is colorful
box is pretty cool but certified humane
raised and Hindi yeah it's pretty cool
raised on grass in free to roam y'all
it's a recyclable this carton is 100%
person what about the milk that we got
oh yeah me and Brittany are kind of like
avoiding milk you don't eat milk folks
honestly I got super second
we got some unsweetened almond milk
non-gmo so Mary and I are going in the
grocery store get some food for dinner
if I'd be funny I'm gonna say this again
in the car
but I'm saying me and Mary and I bet she
yells at me for saying that so let's see
what happens so mean Mary you're going
to the grocery store
I knew it she'd say that got ya you got
praying time but now it's hearsay we're
going to the star it's been raining like
all day my mom said it's will so snow
tonight
that doesn't make any sense Aaron's glad
graduation is this week so we gotta go
King Soopers you gotta get some dinner
they're just kind of wondering are they
advertising this for their own bathrooms
mega convenience more bathroom tissue
we've been seeing something random
around the store
someone's been putting sticky notes you
are someone's reason to smile
who is doing this you said you saw
another one yeah what'd it say
you rock I wonder I wonder who's doing
this nice gesture they make you like
them all right Oh was it me but
somebody's doing that that's pretty cool
Buford you with some sweet potatoes away
sweet potato Buford doesn't like sweet
potatoes well folks that's all we got
for you for today's vlog quick comment
of the day Joshua says I don't know what
to comment so this will be my comment he
left them last vlog we just appreciate
leaving a comment even if that's it
Andrew do you have any other thoughts oh
you only had one yeah I dropped one
maybe tomorrow we'll do two or three I
thought of a challenge video I think
we're gonna film today for tomorrow why
don't you tell them ah sure well the
surprise onions involved in these guys
so look out for that soon and have a
great day see you guys now
