well good morning everybody hope you're
having a fantastic day so far
andrew is especially happy right now on
I and sad why I'll go the DMV this
morning so that's sad oh oh geez
that is sad but Andrew pre-ordered this
game the other day as you know and it
just came out so he's getting it take
this up with your AP I thought okay so
really one of this game because I used
to play doom when I was a kid so it's
kind of nostalgic oh that is very
nostalgic actually and Andrew was so
desperate we came right when it opened
best by literally Jess oh you could went
to the midnight premiere but you weren't
that desperate I watched a movie instead
so currently Andrew just dropped me off
at the car plays Perkins so I'm picking
up my Jeep because I'd get the lock
fixed it wasn't working but it's fixed
now I'm going to pick it up and then
we're going to do the Jamaican challenge
we major haven't done a challenge in a
while so we're going to pick up some
Jamaican food and gonna do that it's
gonna be fun
or now the next thing I need a fix is
this crack in my windshield it's like
all the way across I don't know if you
can see probably seen in blogs but nice
alright we just got here
Jamaican flavor that's where we're
getting our Jamaican food for this
challenge we drove 30 minutes all the
way here so we're hoping this is really
good because there's no Jamaican place
in your us you excited Andrew yeah you
are
what look at this you're prepared I know
that's like I planned this
here we are
this is gonna be good are you hungry yes
good let's get home or we can go to
one's Taekwondo if you want this just
got back Buford no this food is not for
you
oh you guys are probably already seeing
this challenge but we're about to film
it right now
the food is in here there are like three
we got you're making jerk curry chicken
in Jamaican rice and beans so hopefully
it's yummy well just finish the
challenge not bad
making food pretty good but you know I
guess you guys already knows if you saw
the video so now we're gonna just now
I'm gonna eat some more lunch because I
didn't eat too much you drink that and
I'm gonna make we're gonna make some
gameplays going ham on goop squad gaming
or trying to at least blue skies out
can't complain today they're nice hey
turn
you're doing a good job say thank you
hey these guys are over Oh No
so we're trying out the fire pit tonight
we're going to grill some pineapple over
it never really done that over a fire
before so I'm not Aaron what's my name
yeah you got it
nice Buford let's see what happens guys
wow we have a lot of oxygen Oh Jin oh
you okay oh my oh ma what is that it's
higher yeah you had it win
how's it going you think it's working
yay you did it this is a cool shot I had
but you moved oh well I can go help no
it's over
sorry heard that I thought you're a
vegan what Andrew Josh tell you my name
was how many times am I going rising hey
Isaac what's his name Aaron finally
arrived with the cooking sticks yay oh
this is gonna be are you gonna be the
first one to try no I was gonna fall oh
I'll try different okay
wait
which word our ouch ouch it is a funny
word though you got to be honest yeah
Isaac's brought this chair all the way
over here from there you know there's
one right here for hey good job man
pineapples were pretty good what you all
think
ya Hossein like a strawberry shortcake
Melo hey Isaac I have music sorry yeah
look again Isaac the star yeah basically
hey you're supposed to roast that okay
that's enough that's not enough it has
to be golden brown it has to get bigger
leave a comment if you want Isaac to
come on the bro camping trip I was just
kidding will be funny but talk about my
house this more air very good the Sun
set right now is pretty stellar and
pretty cold
and some guys got a drone flying up here
I can't really see it on camera it's
11:05 we're going to bed
Aaron Nick and I were playing munchies
that's what we call munchkin
it's munchies so we're playing that and
we're doing a workout class at life time
at 9:00 in the morning which is gonna be
really fun so but we gotta go Abed see
you in a couple seconds see I told you
to be right back 8:44 it's almost time
to go that's kind of annoying yesterday
it was 70Â° you're having a cookout in
the backyard or the fire so nice today
it's like 35 and raining hey it's the
Stewart's oh it's doing a mixed combat
arts class this morning
extendo-arm
what now that was a tough workout we did
punching bags whoa easy Scott which
other fighting for a couch here was cool
but everyone bye-bye hold out here
though yeah so are they gonna go home
and eat food but you guys just look at
this
acai bowl Brittney just made you want
some days this is gonna be gone real
quick
well that is all we have for this vlog
today guys thanks for hanging with us I
don't have any other thoughts for
today's vlog new Daisy give any other
thoughts for anyone well she said it
best hope you guys have a great weekend
and stay happy because you can you
always have a choice you can be happy or
sad wouldn't you rather be happy I know
I would see you next time goodbye okay
I'll see ya yeah you can take as long as
you want okay back
