hey guys welcome back to blogs funny
Facebook for you
oh that's cool yeah guys look what we're
about to do uncharted 4
got it there's an update already or I
don't know what this is but nine minutes
left I already played some of it last
night this is how funny is this vid I
can show you if you want she's wearing
like these distortion goggles and then
the teacher tries to give her a
high-five for completing the course I
played some of this last night already
it's so much fun but now we're making a
goof squad gaming gameplay of it so
this'll be fun bufort so warm very tired
- it is cold outside today so got the
new Elgato
plugged in now I just gotta get this
pudding that's right here okay moment
please it works hey we can see that on
that we just finished making the part 1
gameplay of Uncharted I think you guys
will really like it it's uh I don't know
I feel like videos we upload I haven't
really been there's no style like ours
on the game game channel
yeah game channels on YouTube so that
video should be up so we'll leave a link
in the description if you want to check
it out it's like a 30 minute video go
check it out and let us know what you
think yeah so grab some popcorn kick
back and Julie what there's more flowers
on the ghost pepper plant there's like a
really big one and one there one there
man I wonder how many peppers are gonna
be on this thing I hope tons so we can
have friends join us I think all of
these little things on there are peppers
I think so
any botanist out there hey guys let's
take a quick look here where's the crock
pot Andrew I guess you're gonna have to
starve for dinner interested marry comes
home soon but he can use this as an
excuse marry you didn't put a time where
are the ingredients you got the buy
out she could be home at any moment you
gotta at least get them in there know
what to put in there just a bunch of
stuff random stuff are using this yes
it's supposed to be ground beef or
turkey but this is pretty good too bison
works just start pouring a bunch of
stuff in there to make it look good yeah
I'm so excited yes
hey put the extra beans and it's done
yep P what other ingredients are there
cilantro cucumbers how long I'm gonna be
busy I don't know why
um you can go without me well that's are
you gonna come home okay go to sprouts
and they come home yeah all right yeah
go see her okay I'll see ya yeah you can
take as long as you want okay bye you
busy no I'm not doing anything I just it
right now to Goose squad gaming and I
just want to show you the thumbnail oh
yeah I just created that don't you want
to watch it guys okay we'll give you a
quick preview of what we do oh yeah you
won't get that in the beginning he's in
he's in a Catholic school and he's
having a conversation with one of the
nuns so you have to go watch it to
understand okay in the meantime let's
take a quick update at Andrews progress
did you finish the chilli chopped up all
the veggies we can take a peek inside if
you want oh yeah
whoa that looks good thank you
you can smell it can you mm-hmm now
smell up the whole house I hope it cooks
fast whoa got some elevation worship
playing hanging with Daisy me and Brett
are cooking some dinner before we work
out tonight what's on the menu again we
got some buffalo chicken some quinoa
potato wedge and this smoothie that you
man what is this babe
kale and mango and banana and that not
like their coconut almond yeah this
stuff's actually pretty good because
since we've taken milk mostly out of our
diet coconut almond milk
this stuff's very yummy you can actually
you like like either a lactose or
something is like weird I don't feel a
little sick when I have ice cream but
they have straight-up milk matcha blocks
Lee and Heidi lived like opposite end so
Mary and I wanted to try out this new
store because Mary heard about it and it
sounded really interesting so I wanted
to come down here and vlog it but it's
called ranch foods direct meat market
and deli everything in this store is
from local farmers and producers so
we're gonna see what they got is good
samples I was just like teriyaki sauce
whoa
holy crap good
orangish we potatoes Golic
well I got some seeds they've got high
you some coffee
poultry lamb seafood pork they got some
good beets
a whole duck yes we have some cool
breads as well lemon blueberry sourdough
with honey Wow homemade ketchup
homemade ketchup from Denver sweet
locally-made ice cream
they have some good flavors in raspberry
cheesecake lot I'm gonna try this bacon
looks really good he's gonna get a
chicken breast all right
support local businesses yes this is a
good store so it's 754 and the chili
still isn't done yet
so I have a peanut butter jelly and
turkey sandwich with some carrots and
hummus it's actually looking pretty good
Mary ok little you know what this means
are you excited yeah you are
ok excited he is you missing go on a
walk let's go we're going we're going on
a walk and you pick those just had to go
in a really short walk we were gonna go
earlier but then it got kind of dark so
that's gonna be a short walk there was
just a little warmer it'd be really nice
because it just rained so it smells like
fresh out here but it's kind of cold can
he be big he's so happy right now
yeah he didn't get to go outside so we
are all now playing munchkin oh and
Tyler's over as well he's never played
this game before so we're introducing
him to it
very fun we are all in Louisville mine
how long have we been playing guys do
you know Oh about our our first game was
like 30 minutes my 20 minutes so the
tides have turned
they waited for me and out out it was
all the way down here now I go all the
way up there
he was in - yep and now somehow get out
of here guys that's the end of the vlog
but before we ended we got some - fan
letters we're gonna open and read for
you first one is from Ashton hey hey
guys I sent to you because your vids are
really funny and I live in Colorado as
well maybe we will see each other at
Target or something I really like your
bids and I've been watching for about
two months by now and he included Jace
you with what a boy oh yeah maybe we
will review some day action we
appreciate you watching the video
sending us a letter
hello my name is will and I go by boats
boats that's gonna loads I'm 11 and I
enjoy your videos and I think you guys
are positive and appropriate in your
videos
have a nice day we'll pay so much yes to
the Buford and Daisy massage foundation
well and this is mr. Kit Kat that's for
you well thanks for watching will and
sending our oats thanks for sending a
letter yeah I guess that's all we got
for you today we'll see you guys
tomorrow and if you guys want this game
they're not paying us to do this or
anything but there's links in the
description you can check it out check
out our gaming channel anything else you
want to say no okay
see ya tomorrow good bye
Andrew tell him all about it after that
uh the not only bald Andy t-shirt money
which we raised but also the ball
