good morning these guys Hey
what Oh what is that oh they just I was
reading the Spongebob comic I made a
funny joke well when they advertise the
hamburger on TV versus when you go to
buy it in real life
Wow Sponge Bob looks so different I know
what the heck I don't know what we are
about to go out and film a new prank
probably go to Best Buy hello just it's
kind of raining out unfortunately but
we're gonna make the best of it you know
yeah Beauford heard you say we're gonna
go somewhere and he just bump it up no
you're not going anywhere
I just saved this B he was stuck on
Andrews car because all this rain
rolling around might help save the bees
so we are in a UCCS right now their
library this is probably like the last
day we can film in the library for like
the whole year right pretty close to
last days like in a couple days so well
the kids are here finishing up finals
probably and we're not doing like
anything how like outrageous that's
gonna make a mad so yeah Andrew just got
some clips how'd they go I got some
pretty good ones I think he just got
this guy sleeping you'll see it in the
video is really funny he woke them up
and very confused
but now my turn - but this did we tell
them even the idea no good
do you guys want to know or no yep all
done filming now we're past bad
but look what just came out uncharted
for this game lips were really fun
well I got it guys time to do a quick
unboxing Buford are you okay who wants
to guess why Buford Buford sad he's
outside because he went barf on the
couch let's making jokes with Angela
today be funny a beaver just pooped on
Andrews computer but there it is
it says blu-ray it's a movie too we will
be playing this on a goose quad gaming
by the way we're at Best Buy i
pre-ordered it doom so and that comes
out Friday they're gonna be fun as well
Aaron what you getting any games here No
well guys the time has come for Andrew
tell them all about it
that did it uh the not only bald Andy
t-shirt money which we raised but also
the bald any foundation money which you
guys donated so all this money we are
now donating to an epic charity and
we're meeting this lady here I can't
move if we blogged with her last time
did we we've kind of briefly talked
about it all the money that you guys
raised is going to be going towards an
amazing cause and we're gonna let
probably let her explain a little of it
to you guys right now or meeting her
here to give her the money here is the
final total seven hundred and seventy
three dollars guys I think it's just so
cool how you guys raised all of this
money and it's gonna be helping out
people who really actually need it
I'm really excited let's go inside so we
just gave Brandi all the money you guys
donated we want to have her explain
everything this is Brandi why don't you
just tell everybody what you do and
what's gonna be happening okay I run
beauty for Ashes Uganda and we work in
Uganda shocking right and we work with
eleven hundred and fifty three really
precious amazing families be able to
support themselves and to help these
moms be able to support their own kids
with kids we have 7650 M really amazing
people that you guys should totally come
to you and then get to know and the big
thing we're doing right now is school
fees lame right who wants to go to
school these kids do actually believe
they love it and it's their biggest
dream and you guys were part of that so
they just gave me these new mega cheques
thank you so much for those of you who
sent a penny for a quarter or all of the
money you had you're making a real
difference in fact twenty kids are gonna
get to go to school it's called
secondary school so it's like middle
school high school and it's their
biggest dream and without you
may not have gotten to go to school and
now they do because you guys gave and I
can't wait to go see those kids and to
tell them about how you gain for them
and it's activated I'll shoot a video so
you guys can meet them because they're
really awesome and they have mad dance
skills and maybe one day me and Andrew
are planning on and bands wives will go
to Uganda experience it all but yeah
she'll film so everything secants when
we get there Andrew might school well
but really guys Brandi's doing like such
amazing work well all in the money that
you guys gave is actually going to put
these kids in school none of its staying
here in the u.s. to pay my salary or to
buy these Starbucks that's not nothing
it's all going actually to Uganda to pay
these kids school fees so thank you so
much yeah thank you guys and it's
unfortunate that if you do donate to a
lot of like bigger companies that a lot
of the money doesn't actually go to
where you want it to go it does end up
paying salaries and stuff so what she's
doing really cool so thank you for what
you do and I'm we're glad that we can be
a part of this and we're excited to work
with you Martin yeah
- I am good
hey guys hey guys I don't know who you
are hey guys so what's a proper right
now
hey guys do you mean I okay no making
fun of me
hey guys no we're at that was such a
great meeting with Brandi me and
Brittany are celebrating it's also
brother
now we're going on TV oh yeah we've just
arrived I got a chicken stuffed poblano
no what is this
in Shimada my goodness that was a really
good dinner and it's beautiful out
tonight as well get that so we just
stopped at the bookstore where quick
because I wanted to get a book as you
guys know me and Brittany
I've been trying our best to eat
healthier and so I'm wanting to learn
more about eating better so I got this
book thinking eat yourself smart
I've already been reading like a sample
of it on the bookstore on iTunes and
it's actually really good so I'm gonna
read it and take notes and let you guys
know made this the other day it's banana
bread
it's basically a healthy type of dessert
wanna know why okay so use some bananas
we used coconut flour an egg we didn't
use any extra sugar or anything so it's
kind of crumbly it's not like your
typical banana bread but for what it is
with all healthy yes well that's the end
of the vlog thanks for watching we
really wanted this vlog to mainly be
about giving the money to beauty for
Ashes so I hope you enjoyed seeing your
money going to good use and also there's
we're uploading the new prank right now
so it should be live when this vlog goes
up otherwise just check back later on
JC's news for a new prank
this one's really different if you like
than what we usually do no one's ever
done this before
yeah it's gonna be really fun to watch
so I hope you enjoyed that as well I
don't know what we're gonna do today
we'll figure it out see ya bye mattad I
bet hmm
