well good morning everybody and welcome
back to vlogs today's vlog is going to
be super fun because we have this place
here in Colorado called Cave of the
winds and they just built recently this
super awesome ride like it flies off a
cliff pretty much so me and Andrew want
to go try it out today and see what
other stuff they got in store so hope
you're excited to hang out with us today
and let's get going
who's excited
woah me it's up there guys right you can
kinda see it Cave of the winds up there
yes it says they're open I'm starting to
kind of rain those let better close the
ride there's like one rain cloud that
looks like just go away
getting high up here
what we found it there it is that's a
long way down by the way hey guys when
we fall off and fall off that cliff over
there what okay
it keeps getting sunny and rainy and
then sunny just one we're gonna make it
work though we filmed out the consent
form now we have to sign waivers when
this is being burst ball for discovery
to number eight in your home anyways
like I was saying we're getting ready to
sign the waiver for this apparently it's
very scary you have to sign waiver but
you have a funny story guys yes I do
let's hear so when I came here a long
time ago with Erin and her family when
Aaron was really little and right here
there's like this railing and you look
you can look over it it's like a big
hole down there hey Aaron is so small he
just stuck his head through the through
the railing and he got his head stuck in
there oh yeah how'd you get it out I
don't know like it was like he's dead
like he slipped past his ears but maybe
he's pulling it is they getting stuck
doing that now you have to fill all your
info great what's your name
indicates more fish fries oh here we go
oh let's take a look at this edge oh my
goodness yeah Aaron's looking down we
got his head stuck in between here
all right I have no idea what to expect
on this to you uh uh oh here it is what
it's called the pterodactyl at Cave of
the winds so if you guys want to do that
my goodness hi Justin
nice to meet you is this it oh my I just
gotta take a quick peek at this all
right this is freaky okay here's what
the seats look like you're only strapped
in by this thing and that let's just
peek over the edge I'm really nervous
stepping over here okay so yeah it's
pretty high you push this button I'm
actually really nervous right now but
we're gonna switch over to their camera
and you'll see it all happen right now
I haven't been this nervous since
skydiving
oh I got hit by something fudge
where am I my legs are shaking how does
this say goodbye whoa where'd they go
how was it guys oh wow oh we're all done
with the ride Andrew how do you feel
that was so crazy it was like a lot like
skydiving
I know drop I just like looking down
oh it's insane so scary but so fun right
when I got strapped in to the sea I
instantly regretted it yes yeah we have
no regrets that was such a fun ride and
honestly life's too short not to do
stuff like that this is a blast so you
should definitely do it if you're in the
area yeah if you're in call our Springs
come here we're not done yet so don't
click off the vlog yet because we still
what are we doing now we're going on the
k2 whose real life gave this literally
goes underground here guys tons of cool
stuff we're going to show you so yes
hello
he watches our videos and he randomly
assente to us and then the one closer to
us that's the original entrance so that
was closed recently wow that's old let's
go we're about to take some photos ah
did you guys know that two little boys
back in the 1800s found this whole cave
yeah see they weren't scared they went
on a little adventure look if they
didn't go in adventures they would have
never found this so adventure more guys
you don't know what you could find see
inside of the cave so when George Snyder
dug his way from that original entrance
he actually poked his head out right
through this grate right here so that
was the original entrance to the cave
for quite a while I'm coming from the
White Crane
there's a job to do there's a fight
follow me
don't bonk your head dude oh wow here do
not stand up it'll hurt but I kind of
feel like we're in scary movie I think
there are some scary movies in caves you
know yeah just a film one down here
something okay we're getting trapped in
the gate if people if anybody has a
what's a cold a third scared of tight
spaces
oh Hofstra oh yeah if anyone's a
claustrophobic this would be a bad idea
first all this cave you really wanted to
give tours here and actually starting
even the first tours on February 15th
1881 and those tours for eight and a
half hour belly-crawl and tours through
the month but does anyone know what
these flies marks on the ceiling here
fire or dynamite candle candle that's
right yeah so here it is getting tight
in here Andrew what job there's a fat
boy joking spiral stairs on this rail
careful I'm trying she's had a funny
joke
hold onto the salaat stalactites how
these are the slag pipes
I'm blinding myself so I can't see which
is gonna be funny footage
we'll be running a wall shut up George
we're going wing on a ship and our
favorite rocket ship filling the room
with his guys Little Einsteins
climb aboard get ready to everyone now
sorry he's ours I know going too fast
dude
no I'm not we didn't tell you guys but
if you touch anything in here
it's a $2,500 fine but if you lose your
friend into the walls one day yeah some
things up here whoa
dreams of much not yet this guy he is
the longest lactide in our cave he's
nice feet long and we have cleverly
native the longest stalactite cave and
sometimes big us wind will blow through
that through there as well and blow the
lanterns out to want to blow it out oh
if everyone give up any extra lights you
have please Hey
now if all the lights are off we can we
can wave your hand in front of your face
and if anyone can see your hand you're
already hallucinating it only takes like
20 minutes in this darkness for your
mind to start imprinting things on your
vision
so you'll see different things like the
formations the stairs behind me all that
stuff but really it's just all in your
mind are you kidding me and then after a
month in this darkness your vision will
be completely lost even if you do go
outside because those muscles in your
eyes will no longer work what the dark
place in the world besides the bottom of
the ocean but it's really hard to get
there so your eyes never adjust to this
kind of darkness we're learning a lot
during this tour it's awesome movie this
is a skinny entrance they says this is
fattening surgery 22 Eddie
Wow ah did it help or any of you guys
into this kind of stuff would you call
this Shh nature are you guys into nature
archaeology geology science stuff
geology we can touch this rail oh yeah
quick fact and ER each layer this is
twenty five thousand years of growth I
think this is a time capsule says
they're gonna open it in two thousand
eighty one what the Krag yeah they put
it down there in nineteen eighty one
that'll open it up in twenty anyone oh
this is so cool I want to come yeah
anyway our tour left we should probably
go oh crap
wow we look so good yeah well we are all
done with the tour now that was so much
fun I kind of miss going on like tours
like this and learning about like
wonders of the earth yeah there's so
many cool things out there yeah really
but we're not done yet guys we still
have more activities to do we're gonna
do a zipline and I think I rope
something that thing well this is the
batapult zipline who's excited me here
we go I have to press off
is this faster slow Gary yeah whoa
what's the poo ears now it's peaceful
Wow we're going backwards oh I'm scared
you going backwards well that route is
fun as well now time for obstacle course
of doom
you have fun so fortunately we couldn't
film while we were on this but he did
get some footage I think yeah but very
fun that part over there like goes over
the edge of cliff yeah way over there
this is like I've never seen something
like this before it's like an adult
jungle gym I want this in my backyard
yeah well everybody that's it for
today's vlog such a fun day at cave the
winds and I hope you enjoyed this type
of vlog we haven't done this type of
thing I feel like in a while so let us
know if you want to see more of this
type of log like us exploring cool stuff
like this but yeah I don't I don't have
anything else to say to you Andrew oh
think so just well do you heard it first
book do and tomorrow is going to be fun
for tomorrow's vlog is going to be good
because if you guys remember where the
vault Andy donations we're going to be
giving them to the organization and
we'll tell you more about that soon so
we hope you come back tomorrow and enjoy
the rest of your day we'll see ya
tomorrow
goodbye what's happening out here I
don't know
