good morning everybody good morning
everybody
we're going over to my parents house
because they're having a garage sale
today and we have a couple things back
here we don't really need anymore so
yeah we're gonna sell it I found some
ps2 memory cards lots of them I can't
believe these are only 8 megabytes
Andrews stay away Andrews
no touching here's the garage sale this
house the hamster cages odds and ends a
little ski board some rugs some
appliances this is like all this stuff
from our old apartment like these dishes
sound systems a gym
nice t-shirt mom we haven't played
what's Erin doing in a while so let's go
see what Aaron is doing
I got a whole box a tech deck stuff now
this is rare this is probably a good
$200 you think
what are you doing Youth so this is a
tribute a I made in middle school out of
a mouse crap so we're gonna shoot some
dog food at Buford
I like at it but there's so Cephalon e
up the rubber band on hey Buford are you
ready over there alright second round
guys I added two more rubber bands so
three total this one's going for miles
well how's he supposed to find that well
this is the most boring show I've ever
watched thanks we were sweeping the
garage and we found this dead mouse you
can see his tail and his spine well
garage sale over starting the hail
outside so yeah we gotta get this stuff
inside how much should we make um eleven
fifty yeah not bad Fred Raj tail and we
get to go have lunch now so lunch is on
all these random people that came and
bought her stuff yes what's happening
out here
ouch get above the blasted him good
thing ghost pepper plants inside he
would have been shredded to death that's
a pretty good sized hail I guess
well this one's pretty big and it's
already been kind of melting get out of
here
we decided to go to chick-fil-a for
lunch the line is mammoth as usual
double lane all the way we're going
inside nose off the calendar card
it's a mystery offer so I wonder what it
could be my mystery offer was a salad
which is pretty nice as a salad or one
of their more expensive items so hey
look how cool Pikes Peak is right now
it's like poking out of the clouds that
is pretty cool
marah's windshield has a crack in it oh
great you did this you did this
guys this comic book day free comics I
thought thanks Suicide Squad Archie this
is over here spongebob you guys
spongebob yay we couldn't spend too much
everyone's Captain America here but we
could spend too much time there because
we're actually seeing a movie we're
seeing Captain America Civil War Justin
saw this midnight premiere and he had
some thoughts about it I don't don't
remember if he said or not when did his
thoughts were the movie I can't what
they were he had thoughts yeah he liked
it but he had a couple things and he
probably woulda done different if he was
the director of this film so we're gonna
go see it I've heard good things a big
line over there oh no this is a cool
setup they got for this
it's rocks hey
please be seat this is a never happened
to a civil war but there is zero percent
seats in there all right we got two guys
to the 331 hi we're back
please be seated please be seats these
pcs yes all right hurry I think this is
better we can chill for a few minutes
but this is the biggest theater so this
is actually I can upgrade yes it's time
to do some reading before the movie
let's see if any of these things
correlate to the film new earth Avengers
are not supposed to be here
you got a captain absorbing it everyone
hit him hard so see if that's in the
film this morning now Captain America I
really like that movie I thought it was
pretty good
I don't want to spoil anything but I
thought that Captain America in the
movie he was just a little too stubborn
if you've seen it maybe you agree or not
but that was my take still good movie
yesterday was Mother's Day so I hope you
had a fun Mother's Day if you are a
mother or if you just celebrated with
your mom I hope you had a fun day we
took my mom out to Mimi's Cafe for
dinner it was pretty good also check
this out we got a fire pit for the
backyard yeah and this bench so now we
can you know have fires roast some hot
dogs or s'mores or whatever just chill
out here so it should be fun I want to
build another bench for right here so
that's gonna be my project I don't know
if I'm gonna do that today tomorrow next
day sometime this week I want to build a
little simple bench to put right there
Mary also has some projects that she
wants to do she drew these out a couple
days ago she wants to build a bird
feeder a little birdhouse that's nice
and then a shoe cubby for downstairs to
put our shoes in so these will be really
fun projects I'll show you where the
cubbies gonna go it's gonna go right
here and then I think bears gonna go on
top of it but yeah we can you know
stacked our shoes in it's okay thanks my
car's got a lot of rocks and pebbles in
it so I'm gonna vacuum it out
sir what do you think you're doing give
get back here have used leather wipes as
well which are nice for the leather yeah
it would be nice to get a car wash today
except I think it's supposed to rain
maybe tomorrow so I don't know just look
at that man go I'm so proud of him leave
his car nice and clean this is just so
awesome to witness good night dirt yeah
for breeze to go well I think that's
about it for the vlog we're gonna
hopefully do some fun stuff this week so
come back tomorrow the next day the next
day and the next day maybe the next day
every day every day is a fun day okay
goodbye
