well good morning guys welcome back to
vlogs me and Brittany are at Whole Foods
this morning alright it's like lunchtime
right now I have to go pick up my Jeep
at the shop got the oil changed and some
little minor fixes here and there got
that done it was under warranty so that
was nice but yeah we're just grabbing
some quick snacks and then go picking up
my car yes would you look at this
non-gmo chicken
so yeah are probably gonna try some
Whole Foods bar today got a lot of
options actually
I got a nice salad with some Wings in
here and of course got to grab a
kombucha which one do I want
I've never seen this flavor before
lemonade super excited to try that and
check it out guys get that oh my
goodness and you got cranberry yeah
with beautiful view it's a good day and
yeah we have in its natural habitat a
wild wildebeest we don't want to like
this bag that because he will reacquire
at us I'm gonna touch him though no oh
quick let's awaken him just so we can
say what happens hurry
contain him we enter at Whole Foods now
but first we're gonna go to the designer
shoe warehouse cuz I don't I don't know
if I've ever been in there I have it I
know someone one of my friends used to
work there if that helps it does
actually
holy shoes Wow this is nuts ease so guys
hopefully they have good prices right
look wow they're good deals right Oh
84 bucks for these mics I can find way
cooler shoes for that price yeah but
guess what these are brand-new oh right
I really want this pair of kepta pillars
yes only 130 steel toe as well I'll
never stop my toe we're in the clearance
section these Pumas which I think look
pretty pretty cool our 30 bucks so not
bad they got some mics as well some blue
pretty cool you know what's kind of lame
that I just realized usually when you go
into stores girl's clothes section takes
up the whole store I didn't think that
applied to shoes maybe I just wasn't
thinking but look at this this is the
guys shoes clearance section these two
everything else is girls I'm not kidding
why we like shoes too you know
did you find some dress cheap you're
kind of cool yeah you're nice I've seen
people like wear these style of my
khakis and that sort of stuff yeah
that's fresh one thing I'm confused
about the issues is why they put this on
the bottom I mean it's pretty cool but
you never see the bottom of shoes moving
on we're in old foods and you know we
have to use one of these we're gonna do
some trick shots with it yeah man
now let's go
this is curtain
huh
this is a big day very big day
inspirational
some might say but I just paid all my
school loans so I have zero owing to any
school hooray yeah they've been adding
up interest just I've been having to pay
more money because I haven't paid it so
I'm like you know what man hello that
goal was just I'm glad I'm done with
school I never even finished school
which I had to pay all this money school
yes this is gonna be one of the things
we use to me
guacamole I won't be eating that I use
it though
block them only time with compliments of
Andrews violin playing you guys want
tres yeah we got plenty here this is
three avocado this is probably won't
last very long right
yeah lots of guys coming over Oh guys I
don't know if he told you yet but all
the fellows are over now fellas what up
without off Josh and Colton we're doing
a little ping-pong tournament right now
and then we're gonna grill some burgers
and play some games I did Boston has
never tried a bay before okay okay
pretend this is a setup staged can check
it out guys we're making the Burke's oh
yeah bison burgers actually Wow whoops
forgot to film the burgers please don't
unsubscribe are you upset about that
they're really good though bison burgers
with tons of good seasonings taking yeah
they were good that's all you guys need
to know right now times a ping-pong
tournament yep Oh guys
Wow cost oh you're doing good now try
and get off Austin oh I do the minions
are trying the hoverboard it's really
hard
do not fall backwards on the brick you
got it my feet aren't like really right
I just finished the first round of the
tournament it was me versus here I came
out ahead now he got Austin and Justin
3-0 what let's watch this serve Wow
Austin is moving on tourney has
concluded I'll show you the winner
aha that was a good round that was good
games guys good games everybody my turn
level one lane Goblin Oh what oh my
goodness way to battle yeah Wow no it's
you me yes Kenny alright guys oh sorry
bye Colton I guess closes going right
home he got back my fault hasn't died in
the game so he's gone
well bye
Josh ended up winning the game we all
lost so yes yeah it was fun that was
funny
yeah I was fun
but I love munchkins so I just got back
to the house was a fun chill night with
the bros me and Brittany we're gonna
watch some Survivor Hey
but I just want to say I'm like in a
fantastic mood because I paid off as you
guys know my school which for anybody in
college or planning to go to college
it's really expensive and having loans
and just payments on school it's kidding
it can be frustrating I know like that
honestly is like probably a big
deterrence for a lot of people going to
school it's just it cost so much but I'm
gonna tell you guys whatever route you
want to take in life I'd say go for if
you want to go to college and get a
degree and pursue something you love
then do it but if you don't want to go
to college there's always ways that you
can do what you love without going to
school and I I guess I would say since I
haven't finished college that I'm some
sort of proof of that because with no
degree I've just pursued YouTube and
I've been able to do that without a
degree so whatever path you decide on
taking in life just pursue it with your
100% and you'll you'll accomplish your
dreams so I guess that's just a little
note I have for you guys yeah thanks for
watching today's vlog and hope you have
a great Mother's Day weekend with your
family tell your mom you love her and
just stay happy
we'll see you tomorrow good bye y'all
back with the homie b-dawg you ready to
see this movie I'm so excited so excited
Captain America and like nobody is here
I think just since it's so late 10:40 no
one's gonna be here
