hey guys welcome back to vlogs how you
doing how you doing I'm great how are
you doing I'm great how you doing I'm
Frank guys did you watch yesterday's
vlog because if so we went to the woods
and found a new fork that we want to
build am you doing today we're gonna try
and build it so we need some supplies we
brought along Nick
yeah and ready I'm ready let's go now
door world Bass Pro Shops
since the sports outside we outdoor
world bit maybe we should get a guard
animal for a new fort huh
who likes her new hats were red white
and blue
fellows this is the map where we going
let's see where or is we right here is
our town
monument it's up in here this force land
yeah okay
we're looking at some foods that we can
cook over the fire what'd you get spicy
Southwest breakfast hash potatoes
shredded beef green chilies black beans
and corn Wow mac and cheese what SF
creme brulee Freddie fettuccine alfredo
pad thai wow we're kind of stuck behind
this Elmo in front of us we're getting
close I don't know if we mentioned this
in the other vlog with this road to get
here you have to have some sort of SUV
ATV vehicle the Swartz little baby cars
aren't getting up here quick little
power but this before we go to the port
you know we had to here's our other
supplies we got a shovel
we got a rake got some floppers set it
brought yes has a compass on it but it
also for starting fires
all right way down the mountain clues
that lead down to the fort the Tri stump
and then next up is the great chair Rock
yep oh we could just follow them I love
snow Justin was literally like hey quick
get the camera out Nick might fall and
then literally just felt so darn it like
degree would you say this is that 70 70
mm-hmm but the best way to get down is
to pretend you're skiing so you kind of
like you know like you're doing moguls
you kind of like that then you go wash
it then back
one one with the mountain yes
whoa Garrett's going down sitting rock
is around here somewhere
yeah nickels earned flip-flops going up
stuff like this what's the sandwich
correct yay
sock puppet rock we have come to sock
puppet rock her oh yeah it's it's right
down here here we just went a little too
far down but we got our bearings back
and found it ain't you're just climbing
up it's right here whoo yeah you are so
yeah guys if you watched yesterday's we
got great views right here the real
estate is prime sock puppet Rock right
there all right fellas so we got to
discuss a plan what should we do first
oh like some sticks yeah my knife is
missing oh I fell out of my pocket yeah
we were talking about definitely digging
out some of the dirt in here to make it
more flat cuz the dirt goes up that way
but if we scoop out the dirt it might be
a little more open for seeding but the
fire pit like right there we're thinking
maybe and get some logs like big logs
like that and put them lean up up
against this so it's like a big den yeah
so let's get to work
okay so Nick is using the rape to clear
up some space
Andrews over here find a good log nice
look I got a big piece for you oh boy
yes
so what we're working with Andrews over
there somewhere
cutting down the forest wanna start yeah
smokes Hey holy smokes it's tough
getting wood how's it coming along away
from the Bears yeah
well Justin Andrew getting logs I'm in
charge of the fire pit so let's get this
going come on now who falls first
ah Oh fart shaking now good work guys
I'm doing great thank you first make
sure you use your muscles yes yes man
it's just people back in the day
remember building houses they don't have
machinery they didn't hold it by hand
yeah happy alright so we've made some
good progress I think we're gonna try
and start the fire now yeah this is like
a great first phase process shoot me and
Gavin yeah first phase done all right
also this oh are you proud of me
this is the fifth golf ball we have
found what first one on this trip so put
him somewhere very Gmail Scott is top
elite golf ball it's pretty cozy in here
so far if you like my fire pit if it
works and yes okay more stakes all these
don't worry oh good we're gonna make a
fee a square so I need that big yes is
it working
yep
but now mini sticks whoa guys haha guys
no we live in the future and if things
called lighters and matches oh we're
trying old play first Oh little baby
sticks oh okay that was a good first try
right sure we did bring matches these
fools want to use the match instead
welcome to the 21st century just
probably is like 20th century let's see
how easy Andrew can do this rods zero
skills U is a boy scout Boy Scout
attempt number three do you have extra
sticks on deck Boy Scout snuck in here
that's from the tiny drop okay breathe
Wow Holy Smoke e6 we need sticks big
boys we need big boys see guys this is
what adventures all about we're
surviving in the wilderness we've got a
fire going build a little hole this
should set us so we're gonna get the
fire raging not like raging raging but
because we bought this bowl and the food
we bought requires boiling hot water so
we need to put the water in here and get
it boiling take it off dump it in the
bag oh this is nice
right Nicola oh my try again it's a cool
science experiment guys watch the top of
the ceiling
it says it's ready to go I'm hoping I
put it far away from the log I think
it's ready let's see
Hey
hope you guys like the drone shots who's
ready for some dinner me me all right
carefully add one and a half cups of
boiling water did you bring a measuring
cup no this is 20 ounces so you said it
needs 12 yes so that's a little bit more
than half this bottle water scarce out
in these parts that all right made this
little like seat right here you can
probably sit on there hey my club who
did that wow it's that warm back there
this would be fun dude if you were
camping if you had system good yeah
do we have a good enough vent system out
like maybe leave some comments let us
know like what can we do to make this
better so it's not so smoky and direct
like the smoke out more look at this
Southwest breakfast hash you guys hear
that
yeah it sounds like really water yeah
give me Club you hold on the ground
smacking oh it goes in this yeah oh I
don't know that just don't pour it on
your hand
yes okay zip it up zip it up hurry we
got to cook those eggs fellas who's
hungry me this is gonna be good I think
how's it look fabulous
Wow that's a good bite hey Jerr try it
okay this is hot mmm it's good
go for it Nick hmm Wow it's got some
good flavor
Wow tastes like a brick breakfast
burrito innards that's like it's
surprising how good this is mm-hmm man
we'd be able to survive out here guys
you got more rocks hmm yeah it would be
cool if we could bring one of those
power boxes where you could plug stuff
in and bring a TV and video games like
set it back there only at nighttime so
when you can't explore you're playing
games I'm down it doesn't look that dark
but it's starting to get dark so yeah so
we got to put out the fire smokey
campfire
yeah I definitely got a lot colder out
here zero Sun hello boys all right this
is a good start on the fort we'll be
back you'll do more mods like always
alright also leave some comments right
now of what you have seen so far what
you think we should add what we can do
to make it better and improve on and
leave a like if you want us to do an
overnight challenge here while it's
snowing mini-batch to the car whoo I
know check out the colors I just love it
thank you so awesome hiked up though
it's pretty steep well we're back home
now that was such a fun adventure God
you say I had the best time out there
I'm excited to see what we're going to
do with it so don't forget to leave
comments of some modifications and
upgrades and all that stuff and leave a
like for overnight challenge there if
you want to see it yes and I guess we'll
see you back here tomorrow good bye guys
peace out
