what is up everybody welcome back to
vlogs today is an epic day one oh why
it's Mary's birthday hey Mary we're
going out to breakfast over easy hey bud
hi good how are you
we're eating outside because there's so
nice day it's not every day I get to eat
outside love local so do we
yes Mary got this really yummy drink
it's pineapple juice coconut water
orange juice and yeah vanilla it's
really good yes thank you
this is gonna be good I woke up this
morning with like this fuzzy feeling in
my nose as I'm making me sneeze I
constantly I don't really get allergies
so it's really confusing me
Mia Brittney went to rue 21 this morning
didn't vlog it but I just thought I'd
quickly show you some of the stuff I got
there so I got five shirts this one
these this shirts really cool cuz the
back of it is all this simple design
then this one that's got some flour on
to some basic shirts and all of these
were $5 so I like couldn't pass it up
I'm like 5 bucks for a nice shirt heck
yeah then I also got some like jean
shorts too so yes hey Buford
today is also a cool day because it's
the last day of school for Mary yeah
good job she has one more final to take
at 7 o'clock tonight right 6 to 7 but
yeah then it's some of the Acacia
advantage summer vacation mary has some
exciting news that we haven't told you
guys yet do you want to tell him Mary
thinks that we already told you but I
don't think we did so if you know I know
she's not pregnant cuz I know someone's
probably right that but yeah just to put
your mind at ease
neither of these guys or girls who are
pregnant you want me to tell them Mary
has a new job that she's starting on
Monday she has a summer internship with
Lockheed Martin are you super excited to
straighten your job yeah hot soup a
coupon on soup yeah if a big thumbs up
for Mary for doing such a good job at
school and getting an internship so I'm
so proud of you married what's it I
wanted to show you the ghost pepper
plant because I saw this yesterday as
you can see it's like flowering it was
like a little flower bud there so will
this soon become the pepper I'm not a
biologist but I do want to point out
that Aaron and I are wearing the same
shirt today Wow at least I'm wearing the
tank style and you're wearing the shirt
style I mean that kind of helps right oh
I brought them all right now because
we're desperate for something
you don't know what it's for what we
want I need no but soon you will it's a
little baby Buford Dominus sighs you
just take much sleeping in paper Oh
Buford like this view first sleeps in
dirt so yes they have my favorite toy
here it is this is what we came here for
city this is actually aa munchkin
headquarters so we just need more
villains also Captain America came out
today Marvel we're also thinking about
maybe getting this who the card game wow
this is fun of fun alright guys I'll
show you what we got it's a totally
different version it has like pirates
and stuff and then also an expansion for
mate regular munch giving a hundred and
twelve more cards and she said you can
play like these with the other one so
it'll be really interesting open I'm at
home give you a little review and yeah
yeah I'm so excited
Mickey Mouse says Hoyt I know right Best
Buy we come here a lot
we just want to see if there's some new
fun products no era need desperate for
anything
Oh
this actually looks really cool Star
Wars on your toast who wants the new
call of duty
all duty was fun and they went just to
above and beyond there's just constant
Call of Duty's everyday modern warfare 2
that was very sad this game just came
out is it fun or no that's the question
can we look up gameplay but so let's do
another quick look who here is gonna get
battle born I haven't missed a call
first Aaron's not this game looks fun
too but we don't have Xbox long I don't
know not only is it superb whether out
again today upper 70s but we can play
ping pong with the garage door open this
is just what a good day guys come on
come on happen eat or are we gonna use
the game worker matter the munchkin
booty munchkin booty we're gonna review
a couple of the pirate cards real quick
go so here's a level 12 can you see this
guys yeah a level 12 sawfish on nuts
this is a very almost powerful monster
level 1 seaweed not powerful kind of
like these cards yeah there's tons of
new new stuff here a level 2 jellyfish
and all this oh man this was an accent I
didn't know that this version had these
whoa that's cool cuz in regular munchkin
they have classes and races now that
accents Spanish open this - Wow druid
fluid oh that's a plus 3 attack yay plus
5 acts wow that's a powerful card so we
figured out that they have classes and
accents action
is new which is very cool welcome master
are you I'm a merchant I'm a French
merchant just a Dutch man
we just finished munchkin booty what
were you guys as thoughts I that was
really fun
I think booty is really good yeah Pyrus
is really cool so bunch of your monsters
you have a new aspect ships for those
who don't know munchkins it's just adds
more power to your level yeah you can
get ships I mean it's really fun it'd be
really interesting to play the regular
one combined with booty man oh the
expansion to the deluxe edition so now
we're going to big pile yay
monsters monsters monsters munchkin
monsters Aaron and I are at King Soopers
now because I need to get Mary something
to put like birthday candles on I don't
know if I'm gonna get a cake or some
other thinking product so let's see you
they got I want to make something
because then it's more sentimental but I
don't want a whole bunch of like cake
and brownies leftover so that's kind of
a problem
what's that chocolate cam butter chip
cookies floors are pretty nice double
chocolate crackle those look pretty good
here do you want me to hold it yes okay
okay
also this icecream Erin's getting this
for himself but this we found this other
day 240 calories per pint and it's
pretty good I mean it's like all
organics ingredients and stuff and good
source of protein yes you can get the
gains while eating ice cream yes okay so
the Ghirardelli things that we bought
the cookies said may contain tree nuts
so hinder how to run back and get
something else I think they all say that
yeah but isn't lemon cookies so I think
it's just may contain if you put them in
your butt this would be better at the
lemon ice cream that's true this was all
right I could move fine pay for it hello
you did great
Frank I was talking to Aaron and Justin
about how 70 degrees in Colorado it just
feels so much warmer than 70 degrees say
in Florida or really anywhere else so
everywhere else like 70 degrees it's
like not that warm but here it's like
I'm on fire it just seems like every
time we leave the house we forget that
it wasn't even food this time Aaron just
left a plate with his pie remains on it
and Buford went ham and broke the plate
oh my Buford you dumb bean yeah cuz
Aaron was eating pie and was right here
and I bet Buford was trying to lick it
and he fell off the floor and shattered
so that's great thanks Buford got the
present wrapped now it's just working on
the cookie dough first set of cookies
let's see how this goes it's a 10 second
lemon that's part about making cookies
chef for the cookies first round done
you can see like I started with smaller
ones and then kind of got a little bit
bigger each row how is your final epic
25 minutes for four hours of driving Wow
Congrats so how do you like your
birthday dessert and
yes lemon cookies with lemon ice cream
it's gonna be good today my project my
home project was this used to be like a
ring and there was a stump in it and
Erin and I took it out and now you can
have 1/3 parking spot nice
installed her present intern yeah let's
see what it is it's kind of an inside
joke they usually just give that back
and forth for their birthdays Erin I'm
Harry more fun in this more packing no
the only way this is the camping
adventure okay it's time for dessert
lemon cookies can't put candles in
cookies so we're just gonna light the
basic candle all right happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear Mary is your
present it's funny because everybody
that watched yesterday's vlog knows what
it is yep best summer vacation ever
she's never going into work this one is
what you wanted right
this is the best yay Captain America
comes out tonight I am so excited we're
gonna go see it yeah this is nice you
should show four more
Hey you be the man and drive higher
which is fine but you know this is quite
nice we're going to Baghdad right now
because if you guys remember they give
us a for doing our bad daddies ultimate
burger challenge they get they sent us
these in the mail buy one get one so
date night didn't dinner I went with a
burger with bacon on it but no cheese
haven't had a burger in a while would
you get the buffalo chicken burger here
is so good
yeah well that was good thanks
Baghdadi's me Brittany is today's like
our kind of cheat day so that's why
we're getting burgers and stuff and our
getting frozen yogurt is that okay
my if you're already messed up I don't
think I'm messed up
oh heck yes don't get too jealous guys
that's 9:40 we're seeing the premiere at
10:40 it just opened tonight it
officially opens tomorrow but they
always show movies like the night before
late chillin so it's pretty cool I've
got this readmission ticket as well so
y'all back with the homie b-dawg you
ready to see this movie I'm so excited
so it's like Captain America and like
nobody is here I think it's just since
it's so late 10:40 no one's gonna be
here I desperately want applesauce
can you buy it for me Brandon
yeah if I get what a jar pickles they
have pickles here guys
new movies coming out that I want to see
yes yes
what was this yeah find your door yes
Wow
Louise did all this popcorn seriously
whatever keV America
yes well that's the end of today's blog
thanks for watching I think we're gonna
have a grill out later with the boys
they're coming over make some burgers
and stuff yeah that's all we got so I
hope you're having a great day and I
hope you're enjoying life well see you
guys tomorrow all right
