good morning everyone you guys are
avocados welcome back to vlogs how does
everyone do today we're doing great
fabulous you so good guys there's a new
update in clash Royale we want to do
some trick shots today we've never done
really a trick shot style vlog and we
think it'd be fun so we're going to try
it out check this out guys Dan
alright let's just start off with an
easy one set that already whoa that's
how it's done
just a simple shot yep
well craps you gotta check this out
beat this
so we're out filming now and we are here
with never say Emerson you guys remember
Emerson what video did we film with you
last time do you remember Peter ah
that's it Darth Vader yeah but yeah
we're here getting some flowers because
we need to finish up pulling things for
moms hey how's it going
so we're here the shops are our gate
hoping to get some clips it's a nice day
so we thought a lot of people might be
outside which there are some but
hopefully you get enough glimpse where
Walmart now trying to get some clips
yeah everything is dried up except for
mr. snowman he's still holding strong
he's went through a big battle though
hey no don't hurt him hey hey hey give
up Toby give me that give me that give
me there I am on a mission right now the
mission at hand we have to take this bag
of bald
Andy donation money to the bank so I
counted it up the other night which took
a little while but we have about three
hundred twenty-eight dollars and
eighty-five cents so that is pretty good
plus the money from the bald Andy
t-shirt campaign which I don't know if
he told you but it came out to four
hundred and forty four dollars seven
hundred dollars almost eight hundred
dollars worth of donations that we're
going to be giving away which i think is
incredible let's go do that
back at the house now got one of my
favorite drinks a divine grape kombucha
if you guys haven't tried this yet super
good I'm gonna tell you right now if you
haven't tried kombucha and some of the
flavors of kombucha are actually not
very good
so if you try it and get a flavor and
it's not that good
don't fear there are some really good
flavors over I am happy to inform all of
you that when we were out pranking we
left Buford home we left you home Buford
by yourself
and he did not get into any snacks yay
good job you've heard good job Justin
actually left some food out there was so
I could carrot on the table which I
don't think he likes carrots anyways but
some food on the seat and he didn't get
it I'm just so proud of you Buford
I'm so proud man and I got Buford a new
toy and he likes to pay with it
Gabe you hurt gate I just printed off a
door sign for this little office here we
are room 102 js2 studios and associates
so there we go
that's gonna go on the door
come on Buford they're super official
now oh man
you just have something in your hair if
I can just brush it off here real quick
oh right here
oh wow that's very sweet yeah so have
you Mother's Day
Nellie's well thank you but I don't have
any children oh well I mean my dogs yeah
that they count well thank you yeah
shake no problem sweet yep sorry you got
something behind your here let me get
that for you it's like yeah you just
have some on the top of your hair I just
grabbed it for you real quick
well yeah I don't know just sitting up
there yeah yeah so uh happy Mother's Day
huh thank you yeah see ya
you just you have someone tap your heck
I should brush it off right huh uh-huh
uh-huh
ma'am you just have something your hair
I just brush it off they're mine
okay we're gonna do a magic trick but
yeah they're mine you just have some in
your hair and I just brush it off for
you right it's right here
yeah so this was in your hair silly
thank you yeah happy Mother's Day thank
you excuse me you just want something in
her hair just brush it off for you
these were in your hair no I'm serious
you can have them no I mean it's
Mother's Day coming up so you look ya
know just a gift okay here you go yeah
happy Mother's Day
welcome you this little fluffy thing in
your hair can I just brush it off for
you yeah yeah sure we're just like
flowers for you they're for you yeah you
sure yeah they're for you
Oh ma'am you have something fluffy under
here I just brush that off for you hey I
wanted to sit on there anymore
awesome hey are you a mother I am a
mother
oh happy Mother's Day thank you very
much hey welcome we didn't get too many
trick shots in today's vlog by the way I
hope you like those extra clips from the
prank Andrew
all right well I think that's it for the
trick shots today you get you guys want
us to do more trick shots if so what
kind let us know in the comments maybe
we'll do more and think let's open up
some fan mail letters yes alright dear
Justin Andrew my name is AJ I've been
watching videos for about two months now
I love your videos I always enjoy your
videos and sometimes they even helped me
with stress I love you guys are
Christian guess what so am i I really
appreciate how you guys do not square I
think that is cool good job about
hitting a million subs also have a
couple of questions for you guys what
are your favorite fruits I really like
pineapple I really like a bunch of
berries any kind of berry really I think
an avocado is a fruit right yeah so
that's a powerful fruit but how did you
get this funny you just do just ask that
what's your favorite game battlefront
munchkins and last pickles please
autograph and send back Britney this is
a picture of Britney hey this is a
picture of us and this is a a looks like
a T we've kind of taken watercolor a
little bit and did a good album J's two
studios
thanks so much for the letter AJ and he
does have a return envelope so that is
stellar dear Justin Andrew I started
watching you guys in November of last
year and I've already watched like 36
videos my name is Jordan and I'm 11
years old and I have a question can you
guys solve a Rubik's Cube I know how I
don't know how he taped some candy here
this is gum that's way it can be guess
who this is you know who that is
it's a Texas player looks like yeah his
name is Dez Bryant for the Cowboys Wow
good job stumpy
thank you so much for the letter Jordan
we appreciate your support thanks for
coming back to watch today's vlog
everybody it's been fun hanging with you
anything else you'd like to say man just
if it's sunny where you're at go outside
today which we will be doing because not
every day is sunny sometimes it's rainy
or snowy so enjoy the weather today and
go watch the new pulling flowers from
Mom's hair today I'm Jace to studio so
link will be in the description we
uploaded it we hope you guys liked it
and we'll see you tomorrow good bye
yes how much this comic is take a wild
guess everyone cast your votes and the
price is
