well good morning everybody welcome back
to daily vlogs I'm glad to have you
yeah thanks for coming guys um we have a
good idea that some of you will remember
that involves this yeah let's go get him
real quick and then we'll tell you for
those who don't know what we're about to
do just emptied all the nerf guns out of
the nerf rival here and what are we
going to do we're going to freeze them
and shoot them at us our vamp is very
good idea
not sure what the best way to go about
this well it's like a challenge I don't
know what the challenge is but we're
gonna freeze these bullets and then just
some ouch
frozen bullet challenge so put some
water in the bowl yeah okay it all wet
I'm going to get
so we're going to look let them sit
while we go out and do some errands
today and then later during this vlog we
will we'll do that in other news check
out the new office space um yeah not
much going on in here but we got a
planter and a desk and so some wall art
but we got some cool things in the works
that this space will help us do so yeah
will tell you about that soon but not
yet Wow
stop making snapchat I just noticed
something about you Beaufort want to
know you have lemon meringue pie in your
ear oh it's like all hard and stale you
need a bath oh it's I can both his ears
I right there as well how did you get
pie in your ears bud check out how
freaking nice it is out today the snow
is melting the skies are blue I am happy
so me and Andrew are village in now why
don't you explain so uh Village Inn is
doing a campaign for Mother's Day and
they hit me up Justin up and Brittany up
if we could you know promote their pies
on Instagram so like yeah sure so coming
here to pick up the pies and yeah we're
gonna take pictures with them it's
awesome I think we each get like three
pies they already ordered them for us so
it's like we're just coming to pick them
up and it should be good
hey Bay you ready to pick up your pie
yeah
let's all go see what we got what
flavors orange would you look at all
those pies
the boxing up all these pies right now
oh my goodness all done with a quick
lunch and me and Andrew are going to the
comic book store I haven't been there in
a while
so I've been there once actually yeah
it's like a really cool cool store they
got comic books games action figures
we'll show you guys what's in there
comic books escape velocity yes
marvelous Olli have you ever read comic
books Andrew um I did I ran a hey ready
hey
alien vs. predator wins oh wow this is
so fun
got so many comic books here Superman
this wall here we're trying to see if
they have munchkin comics much pink come
on now it's time for comic book reads
with Andrew and Justin okay injure your
turn
concentrate on the precise moment in
time where you need to return that's it
that is it
hold still jerk
anshel it's working oh wow I like this
look for you yes how much this comic is
take a wild guess everyone cast your
votes and the price is $70 is this like
an original it must be that's a good
markup 50 Cent's was original price but
and it's 70 bucks yeah we just asked him
where the most expensive one is he said
over here these are pretty expensive
like ten dollars for these 15 20 of my
goodness this is the prize guys major
just came up with an idea one day we buy
a comic a random one make look maybe an
old one like this one Rangers in action
and we use the comic as the script and
we make a short film exactly like the
comic as best as we can do you guys like
the idea there's a bunch of there's so
many comics so we can have like comic
comic weeks these drawers designs
my gosh so I think so we can find some
really fun ones and you can do this once
mr. dinosaurs she-hulk I didn't know
that existed guess now it does that's
the guy named Louie collection wow what
is that can it's the bacon I took the
label off and it's really cool yeah I
was like cool back in silver red coffee
time yay
thanks guys oh thanks yes definitely see
you later oh I didn't care guys yeah
we'll see you next time
hey it's a school bus
do you know where digs barbershop obey
Dukes barbershop we are at Wendy's now
because we saw they have a commercial
for ghost pepper fries which and we
don't think they're gonna be that hot
but we're gonna try them for you guys
so somebody all even told us to do that
but we're always up for a challenge
ghost pepper fries yeah hi can we get
some ghost pepper fries extra spicy yeah
there's gonna be good bro that'll be it
that's good if this ain't spicy Wendy's
is fired all these fast-food places keep
advertising oh we got this no spikey
gosh and it's never spicy
yeah those Taco Bell and saintil
burritos or whatever they were those
weren't spicy maybe these will be a
little spicy
Wow I just know but we got them extra
spicy these people need a hold true to
their word
all right we'll give you a review
shortly folks here we go guys time for
the unboxing sisters of ghost pepper
fries
Wow that's the ghost pepper sauce
does it smell spicy mmm smells like a
buffalo sauce this right here
ready there's too many fries I'm trying
to downsize you have a little kick to it
Wow okay it doesn't taste like a pepper
I taste more like buffalo sauce yeah if
this was ghost pepper sauce that I would
not be able to finish it but this I mean
it's got good flavor what do you say
that was really good flavor there's got
a little kick ghost pepper no a little
spicy sure if you're looking for a spicy
fried yeah this is a lot better than
what Taco Bell did this is actually
spicy whoa I got the hiccups
uh-oh spicy hiccups yeah it's definitely
a little spicy but I've had worse so
yeah but not bad good job ladies hi we
got some good pads over her yeah you're
one of the flavors yeah that one is a
Hawaiian pineapple strawberry
what's that one I can't remember what
this one is it was like a caramel
chocolate yeah
nuts cookie dough chocolate just finish
getting the pictures and now it's time
to try out the ice bullets just go in
the garage we have to do this fast
before the bullets melt oh my gosh look
at the size difference of this one and
this won't just want to feel hotter than
the other yeah all right just put down
it I remember this is gonna fit though
it doesn't even fit in the thing it's so
big the frozen like that really frozen
ones got bigger we'll see if they fail
that one fits here's the frozen bullet
now try this little rubbery so I think
this is just a fail challenge we thought
it'd be fun but I didn't really think
the balls would expand like that much
where they didn't work anymore
crap they hurt probably worse not iced
yeah because they can actually go in
there and shoot guys we're playing
munchkin now Aaron came over we didn't
vlog this but yesterday me Brittany Mary
Andrew Aaron and Nick we played six
players and this took how long do you
think it took two and a half hours that
time it really cuz we were all level
nine and any time someone was about to
win we just hit them like a trillion
potion cards it was so much fun so we're
playing it again definitely a very fun
game thanks to all the people who left
comments saying it was fun and so me
first here's me cards Wow
I have some really good ones this one's
pretty powerful yikes oh yay and yeah so
you shot your turn with this right yeah
can't play items with that Oh cleric so
this is a class card what you want that
yeah sorry it's mine oh I'm going to
play this dwarf car because I want to be
a dwarf because I have this armor that
allows they only can be used by dwarf
men so I play that and then also have
this which can only be played by Dwarfs
so that's cool basically the goal of
this game you rank up by killing
monsters and a monster for example would
be something like this see it's a level
10 12 and to beat it you have to use
your armor so you know your turn I have
to draw oh crap
what is that it's a level 8 monster
which I can't beat because we're all
level 1 but this way you can all play
your items
oh yeah MEMS and then maybe Andrew key
no I can help guys the Aaron just got a
good card he has to be at a level 1 boss
which can you do that Wow
so buckler miss me level 3 so I'm Z
since to beat the monsters you have to
be a higher level than them so he's in
level 1 plus 2 level so 3 beats 1 good
job
thanks it's getting intense
Aaron's getting close to winning level
10 just go back to the house making some
dinner right now with Brittany and we
got something mushrooms chicken salad
we're going to workout in like an hour
at Orangetheory fitness so that's gonna
be fun but just got my protein shake
ready along with Britney's my favorite
flavor so far as vanilla and mocha
Brittany loves the chocolate but yes
Daisy you coming with us
or do you want some potatoes you work
out hard
what yeah I kind of don't want to go
inside cuz it's so sunny out but well
hey Eric
hey I excited to work out I'm always
excited to work out come on I go to cool
places like you how do you do that yeah
I do that you just do it
yeah I'm gonna try that it's a good yeah
it works well so I know Eric's our
workout coach days he's awesome such a
good personal trainer man alright well
we're gonna put the game away
post-workout see what new books they got
here had a killer workout by the way
just in case you're wondering WTF are
men thinking I have no idea what yes
I think you need this girl's world how
to get along with anyone anywhere you
need this there are so many good advice
tips in here already
which Powerpuff Girl are you most alike
oh my gosh Captain Underpants well I
didn't get any books this time I already
have a few books that I haven't really
read yet so I'm just gonna stick with
finishing those first plus just going
into the bookstores got a bun a lot of
good vibes I really like it there but
now I'm in King Soopers cuz I'm getting
a quick snack maybe some watermelons or
something just got back to the house
hashtag yes oh man I'm relatable me and
Bernie you're just gonna wind down Point
Break I wanted to see this since it came
out but I haven't yet so hopefully it's
good if not hopefully it's entertaining
so a quick question before we end the
vlog I don't know what you guys like
about this vlog in particular and what
do you want to see more of we know you
want to see more toilet paper for its
and stuff like that but talking about
this vlog was there anything that you
really liked that we did well just a
simple question that I want to we want
to hear you guys input so anyways we
hope you have a great rest of the day or
night whenever you're watching this and
stay happy because you can I guess I'll
see you mom goodbye
we did the first clip it was terrible I
almost got punched
so uh-huh we deleted the clip so but it
was just
