well good morning everybody welcome back
to belong
it is 7:00 a.m. right now
I'm with Andrew it's very early and
we're in Denver it's kind of like a last
minute thing what's happening right now
actually
I already know you already know thinking
we're going to pick up Stuart edge so
he's flying in just for today and I
think he's bringing his mom too
like a collab with him for Mother's Day
Stewart lands at 7:20 so we're in
waiting in this lot here by the airport
this is actually the post office I
couldn't find the real line this works
though we picked up Stuart and mrs. edge
Stuart how you been Wow just making some
snapchat snapchat see this funny thing
of Jase Duke are you on the snapchat
mama Stuart edge yeah we're here it's
news Denver this news right yeah I
thought it wasn't at first and then I
was like this point and this is my mom
on Facebook arrived
my turn I'll take the beet sandwich with
the diet water I'm good thank you
yes we're good we're going ham on
snapchat guys
all right so I got a sandwich your food
has arrived it how's it all looking
folks good oh never mind
Andrew just film this by the way how you
eat that
I don't know but it's gonna be messy
we've now moved over to target because
we're getting ready to start the prank
we're starting with Stuart's video which
is going to be a funny Mother's Day type
present video that's what we'll tell you
we are all splitting up because we're
getting these items for each other and
we're not supposed to know what they are
because it's kind of like the awkward
shopping list video we did it's a lot of
improv and it'll just be a fun video
okay I found some IO so far I'll show
you guys real quick them
I've got bogey wipes and this was
hilarious bird OHS but paced I don't
know what does this but it just made me
laugh did you find some good items
data data that it weird out the Cherry
Creek Mall getting ready to film
Stewart's video you excited yes
apparently it's kids day at the mall
we're in an elevator going down never
done this before let's get a cool drone
shot okay
okay see who needs a drone I know
because I'm DJ Thomas's new technologies
all right so Andrew do you want to
explain what just happened uh yeah I've
just gone a little detail not too much
but we did the first clip it was
terrible
I almost got punched uh-huh we deleted
the clip so but it was just yeah there's
just one thing led to another which is
very bad letting this bad thing it's
just a complete meltdown it wasn't meant
to be bad though but it happened so
we're at we're at the library now in
Metro State I know it's okay we're gonna
redeem ourselves now I'm not really
embarrassed
this school has changed a lot since we
last came here they're still doing
construction last year there wasn't this
wall here
this was not an entrance that's pretty
cool we need to come back up here and do
more pranks because some very good
school or pretty good did you just get a
good clip in here Andrew
guys anyone well so they're doing a lot
of construction work here I found a
secret fort entrance
so we're just finished eating and Stuart
to the bathroom but he thinks what but
what's happening just explained so I
taste the bill like I went away it's
like tables right please don't know what
it
like see later take seven everyone's
here
I guess we're just going No
she hasn't come back yet
yes it looks like a turtle I know you
confused us at first you're like let's
just leave I was like what did he act
like he really felt ya know we've been
doing pranks all day so it's not like
anyway it's just got done with dinner
pretty much and we're at King Soopers
Andrew give them a fun fact about this
King Soopers well guys here on watch out
right here on more Jase do we like to go
over like history and things of Denver
this King Soopers was where we filmed
the very first pulling things from
people's hair clip
the very first clip and you want to know
what that clip was it was the first clip
in the very first video the rhubarb guy
could all these flowers were doing
no I didn't but do you guys want me to
tell you what we're doing okay
we're doing pulling flowers out of mom's
hair for Mother's Day it's gonna be a
fun one guys another fun fact we're
passing our old apartments when me and
Andrew used to live in Denver we're
getting a vase at the dollar store cuz
King Soopers they're like 20 bucks yeah
this is a dollar guys it's this is exact
same size basically we're trying to
figure out why they have so many of
these bird hair clips for example you
can buy tons of these and put them in
your hair and look like a weirdo I have
made consider good I think I could fit
all this you could I mean I got parrots
Cardinals okay and these guys so you
could be the crazy bird man walk around
what's happening right now Stuart that's
a classic
but yeah Stuart and his mom are flying
home here tonight and main danger of
driving back down to Colorado Springs
hi Stuart
don't ask us see you guys bye bye oh
yeah hi uh oh hey well guys that's it
for the vlog today anything else you
want to say Andrew oh we have two fun
video well one video on our channel and
Stuart's video on his channel coming out
this week so you know oh and quick
comment of the day Buford needs to get
his act together this is completely
unacceptable Andrew let Buford know I am
very disappointed in him I can
understand the occasional uncontrollable
urge for a bagel but two snacks in one
day let him know it will not be
tolerated anymore Buford
Joshua's very very disappointed in you
go timeout well I guess we'll see you
guys tomorrow
go back
