what's up everybody welcome back to
vlogs I figured I'd shirt today's vlog
off with a little violin song I've been
practicing as you know I've been
practicing the violin and yeah
Hey
you
Hey
yeah
hey we're going to the mall now it's
still snowing outside in case you're
wondering but yeah if you guys remember
yesterday's vlog we are looking for
games board games or actually two days
ago yeah we're going to get a Borg to
place me yes because the bros are coming
over or just have some food and fun we
go hundred houses now I know I cleaned
up tables nice the kitchens pretty nice
these are drying by the way so yeah
there's a good five six inches of snow
on my car
good Garrett this is actually kind of a
nice snow because it's not that cold
outside I just want the Sun yeah sounds
nice but just saying it's not like
freezing outside
yeah a new store just opened up in the
mall rue 21 I don't know listen oh
here's yes yeah we say yes and yes we're
gonna buy this game reason being
munchkin has so many like this is all
basically munchkins oh gosh you can mix
it up it never gets boring
we hope plus I've heard a lot of good
things about this you guys have probably
played this is pretty popular like I
already want to play munchkin zombies
apocalypse Marvel I guess you just have
to buy this and zombies
yeah zambese looks fun and then also
gonna get bang it's pretty fun game so
yeah this game responded well which one
cuz look at all these expenses mash up
that looks fun to man the guy that other
store was telling us how about these
games giving us suggestions and he said
this was pretty fun
sir you missed it here when we weren't
recording I just dropped a ton of
stuffing right screaming alright guys
here we go
the fun is about to commence soon we'll
have all these games we can open our own
store yeah Jess and I were just talking
about how fun it would be if we created
a board game for sale
I think I'd be really fun it'll take
some time but I think we could make it
happen
yeah so this could be a collab effort so
if you have good board game ideas leave
them in the comments someday maybe we'll
have a board game be so cool for in rue
21 now where's this time but where are
there we are we're seeing if they have
any cool deals
this is $13 for like a cool looking sure
plusses buy one get one 50% off what
that's cool
so we have the chick-fil-a calendar card
and this month's like a free drink of
sorts so I just got a black coffee which
is really cool what's the next month's
another mystery offer great right we
didn't vlog all the snow from the top of
the car fell it completely covered the
windshield but still I'm pretty much
there that happened to me this morning
and I couldn't get it off I had to stop
I'm kind of saying is this snow is
really heavy I don't think the winter
wipers would be able to get there but it
did thank you anyways
just thought we'd update you on that
guys if elegant oh you guys see it too
on periscope yes because now it's not
working okay really yeah look I'm using
it nothing's happening well are you
gonna get out can I do that right I'm
gonna have to look we're gonna have to
go into danger mode
oh oh oh creep get this done bro oh no
here do you want to film some you film
from in here it's to focus out there
wow what a mission guys here he goes get
the snow off hurry
got it you gotta be careful with the
snow guys while you're driving tot hey
everyone
anyways let me film Andrew hurry up you
guys
what is this pop chips they're all yummy
I was with I wish we could get sponsored
by a Star Wars see Star Wars collab with
pop chips why don't they want to collab
with us
wrote these were like our channels more
Jace - and Chewbacca's is in it
soon we're going to do an unboxing of
these the unboxing sisters has returned
guys and we'll give you guys a proper
review of the games also Aaron's here
hello Aaron what do you got going on
tonight mr. Rhinehart are you mr.
rampart you think no okay are you guys
ready you know what time that means we
got the two games here are we ready to
unbox yes I'm gonna unbox this one okay
we are let me turn this light on oh my
gosh
out the box folks what's it smell like
that's important nothing what what is
this so looks like we got the setup and
rules which we will be looking at soon I
think those are kind of important
whoa we got a promotional card zombies
cool characters these are that character
huge I think which I was Green okay I
think this is the board really good
discards munchkin you put some cards
here and then you might get to the
treasurer it comes with the Q packs here
not sure what they are but that's NAT
and I think this holds the characters
all right well who's ready to get
playing this game was invented by Amelia
no Sakarya these are your playing boards
okay okay oh they're all different
custom modes the rule eoz important the
bullets
here's the two decks of cards seems to
be a theme and anyways wait well we have
to learn these games and already knows
bullet but we'll give you a proper
review later okay yeah after we play it
cool
so before we play the games to learn
them what what happened Buford has some
sort of fiber bars do you need to close
the doors
I forgot this box of snacks was in here
great now Buford it's gonna be gassy
what are we doing now yeah
don't be apt it involves these suits and
it involves the snow okay since the snow
is really really wet making a snowman is
gonna be like a walk in the park yeah so
then just build a snowman just because
we gained beginning steps Andrew made a
ball thank you is that the base I think
you're supposed to like roll it and it
collects the snow Oh see this is why the
snow is perfect it just sticks to each
other yes you look
also thank you to tipsy elves dot-com
for sending these suits to us there our
favor
oh man
Oh
Wow
this is actually kind of a workout it's
like flipping tires
you
all right we got the bottom in place
it's pretty good never get put this on
top this is gonna be a team effort
this once we get the head on there it's
basically going to be a real life man
it's gonna be a life yeah
you can do that by yourself maybe not
we have a new plan everyone what is it
build it as high as we can all right I
mean usually snowmen have three stories
but this one's gonna have four maybe
more go big or go home
right yeah
Thanks
you have a bigger ladder no rap game
listen we could get a little head up
there now that it's five stories we got
some spray paint we're gonna spray paint
around the things to give some style to
it you know yeah here we go yo probably
pretty Oh Julie you want to take a
picture yeah yeah with Joe soon hey drew
you want to take it
Justin yeah my name's James Andrew Angie
whoa we all start with Dave oh yeah I
like you guys
yeah we got the neighbors coming over to
look at it are you guys ready to see the
final product we have made some big
transformations to this snowman all
right let's uh let's just do it that uh
it's not a snowman anymore it's a snow
bug it took a caterpillar centipede
alien man he said this is his belly
button
yeah it's like boring it is teleporter
zing no this is just crazy
you've got six arms he also if you take
a close-up look at his mouth yes the job
is very oh maybe good good good good get
here's what snowman looks like from
outside the window Wooper guys can you
believe it's already five o'clock what
hey boys I think they probably can but I
can't I know it's just it's incredible
how a bad pass time goes when you're
having fun so maybe we should not have
as much
so we have more time in the day true you
guys want to know what happened
okay they want to know what we're gonna
do tomorrow hey what are we gonna do
tomorrow here's a hint
his someone's flying out here tomorrow
and his name starts with my last name
Stuart edge is coming tomorrow to film
some vids yeah he's just coming for
tomorrow - yeah so we're gonna he said
his flight gets in at like 7:00 in the
morning in Denver so when they drive up
there
get him from the airport and then we're
gonna film in Denver like all day and
then take him back to the airport so his
mother a Mother's Day video we're going
to film with him
yeah so I'll be fun so I'm having a kind
of a late lunch uh my dinner but not
really cuz we're gonna eat but I just
made a salad with sprouts some peppers
garbanzo beans cashews and hummus just a
simple salad well crap something
happened to snow monster he fell apart
who did this did this just happen or was
he sabotaged I'm very suspicious so
we're spending the rest of the evening
hanging with the Bros we got Chris here
Colton and Josh so they're making some
food right now yeah gonna play some
games ping-pong you know just ham what
did you say you're wanting to watch I
just wanted to see if the Broncos
they're picking in a couple and two
picks I just wanted to see what they got
do you guys watch the draft I have no
idea what's going on who do you want the
Broncos to pick jet for all the football
fans we got I'm running back but we're
very fast in power how about Michael
Vick for quarterback oh dude I don't
know
Shariff also something else very bad
happened we went to the store to get
ingredients and Josh he brought over a
pie for dessert which was really nice of
him and we left on the table but when we
came back pie was all gone and pie was
on carpet a new game we're gonna have to
start playing it
guess what Buford eightydaze Buford we
are explaining my mom this is we're
playing munchkin a full review after we
play don't worry did we take a life yeah
you know for playing bang now full
review coming soon
hope everybody's gone we had fun playing
games but now I'm getting kind of sleepy
it's 10:30
so I'm probably gonna head to bed here
in a few minutes but yeah but bang and
munchkins both were pretty fun games
munchkin you're like fighting monsters
so you have weapons and shields and
armor and stuff like that so I think
that part is really fun and then in bang
it's like the game Mafia where you're
trying to kill a certain person and you
don't know who the other people are so
that's really fun as well I would
recommend both these games if you want
to have fun with your friends tomorrow's
gonna be a really fun day and I didn't
get some sleep so I can have tons of fun
tomorrow so I'm gonna go to bed yeah was
here tomorrow okay good bye
here goes Andy
