what is up all you awesome people
watching today's vlog good morning
everybody we are going to Aaron's high
school today because he's doing
something kind interesting so I'll show
you when we get there you've heard you
can't come
I think he's perfectly fine just staying
here can't even get up he's so sleepy
oh here we are what they're doing is
it's a boat regatta so there they had to
build boats out of cardboard
another launching him in the pool and
seeing who can survive the longest I
think with us in the boats with Aaron in
the boats I want to ride and then
hopefully Aaron won last year he got an
award yeah
but hopefully if Aaron does a good
design maybe he'll we can build one this
summer and launch it in the swamp I
can't believe we're here right now
during lunch no it's so cool
like a high-schooler again I'm what what
that pool is this way here we are cool
hey there's dad there's mighty Aaron
lifting weights
why is he randomly lifting weights right
now because you got to get that pump for
what you get the boat
Aaron sites one which one is your boat
both teams on them oh behind him how do
you think your boats gonna go when it's
gonna win easy okay we'll see so this is
Aaron's boat Lana ah it's very firm Wow
I hope this floats really know how this
could hold someone has to hold both of
them
I know I know okay guess what Aaron just
told us they have a belly flop contest
as well yeah we could do it if we wanted
off the diving board yeah
oh my I want to do it but I mean it
don't matter
this boat is pretty cool to do by but
the gold Rams oh man
taking a look at some of the other boats
that are in competition here
nice Terrace to do belly flops hurry
leave a comment if you want us to do
belly flops we may consider it yes look
at the Irish eh
this is pretty intense for being
difficult
these like shoes I want this one about
yeah except for Aaron that would be cool
if he won yeah Aaron at this one I'd be
even better
here's a motto of the day don't float
through life okay make waves ah I think
it's about time for the boat thing to
start but there's a huge crowd now
and we're trying to get Aaron to do the
belly flop he said he did it last year
he needs to do it with us we'll get it
to do it with us yeah but these kids are
so lucky they get to watch this instead
of like going to math or something oh
yes it's also really cool because that
little booth over there they're
broadcasting this live I think I might
tweet this out and then they you guys
see this tweet they'll be able to watch
it so you better be following us on
Twitter yeah he's like narrating it over
the road that's so cool okay they have
broadcast the belly flops of his soul
I'll see why they would and that's a
main event right all Aaron's first oh
yeah I see he's over there they are
competition
movie this doesn't sink they did it very
nice representing Austria and on the way
up here on this side on your mark go
meet them
come on fam they're struggling over here
you got this little honor
go Aaron go Aaron
oh man they're crushing them
I wish my high school is as cool as this
high school this is so cool we don't we
didn't even have a swimming pool at our
schools and they smoked them they
weren't even around the other buoy yet
these guys are going in a circle I think
they got it wait yeah there they go
let's pick it back around oh man that's
kind of unfortunate it was a cool design
but you know they're about to get past
and let their boat focus it's get a bit
dicey out there everyone's still
cheering for them they keep spinning in
circles let's go Aaron you can do it
really
their sales about to tip over some belly
flops judges a one
the second round come on Aaron come on
go
that was a close one Erin you guys just
went like a little crooked right at the
end oh so close but good try pesticides
me and Android getting ready to do the
belly flop contest assistant Lisa yet
yeah but
Yolo right Aaron's not going to do it
though I mean Andrew doing Rock Paper
Scissors to see who has to belly flop
first two out of three Rock Paper
Scissors shoot
Rock Paper Scissors shoot Oh Rock Paper
Scissors shoot ah I have to go first
alright so the next event up is walking
on water with water shoes out of
cardboard I was just I haven't having a
pretty good feeling he's just gonna fall
over so we have a little problem guys
they won't let us do a belly flop and
the blue jeans but we did find some lost
and found
shorts some sushi lost and found so we
made it last minute while they're
leaving she said we could do it and I
guess
I found some cute
where'd you guys get the time the Lawson
found ha
Wyatt all right here I go what here goes
Andy my belly flops
what what uh well I know they were lame
belly flops but we tried at least you
did like a face plop and I only got my
side like I fell sideways yeah yours was
funny I'm just gotta get to do it you
know yeah cuz they're like no I'm sorry
like please okay no more belly flop we
just we've never practiced belly flops
before so I don't know proper technique
just gonna be flattened down maybe next
time we'll do better girls a little
skier that's maybe why I go sideways how
we're at modern market yay yes got a buy
one get one email so taking advantage of
that plus we haven't had lunch let's eat
it
this weather is sucky today it's cold
the middle is supposed to snow if I was
just gonna ring Oh
all right lunch arrived we got the bacon
corn pizza whoo it's smells so good and
they just brought it back so where'd it
go I don't know where it went but we're
gonna eat it okay
oh let's see what's on the menu for
tonight's dinner for andrew spaghetti
squash with sausage and baked sweet
potato
let's tell Andrew the Brittany's making
that for us for dinner tonight too
except with no sweet potato uh is so
weird
we're sisters I guess why that meal I
don't know why that meal for you I think
the wives returned doing some sort of
conspiracy theory I suppose well we're
playing ping pong yeah hey that was
awesome I was not a vlog so just got
back home and what did I tell you
we got sausage and spaghetti squash this
is so epic Daisy want some too I think
Mary is on our way home soon and when
she gets home we will be able to make
tonight's dinner
squash sewage baked sweet potato
question mark no yes that's a yes but in
the meantime I'm just editing the vlog
and also I'm watching the NFL Draft
which is really fun to watch I really
love sports and I think it's really fun
to watch the draft and seeing all these
college kids they're living their dream
they're becoming NFL players so it gets
me really excited just to see them you
know get drafted Mary's back now Wow
where'd you come from
that's really cool because last week was
Buford's six birthday put it here a guy
a favor yeah there you go
yeah so um we got some frosty paws at
the store
they're like doggy ice cream cups you're
suppose
No so it's Buford's birthday are we
gonna sing happy birthday happy birthday
to you happy birthday to you happy
birthday dear Buford happy birthday to
you
mm mm mm mm mm mm that's it for today's
video thanks for watching thanks for
coming and hanging out on the lens
appears to have something limit
sometimes people ask us how we come up
with ideas for vlogs how we do it like
on a daily basis and come up with new
ideas every single time I think every
day is so unique that tomorrow will
never be like today when I woke up this
morning I didn't think I was going to go
belly flopping at Aaron's high school
just every day has a new adventure so I
don't really stress too much about what
we're gonna film for vlogs because who
knows what adventures are going to
happen and whatever happens we'll just
film it so I just wanted to share that
with you so I think it's really cool but
anyways that's it for today's vlog
thanks for watching and we'll see you
guys tomorrow
on another fun adventure okay so just
looking at these shoes how much would
you guys guess these are you're wrong
