well good morning everybody and welcome
back to blogs Hey hey everybody all
right there we are all reaganism CUFI
yeah I got those new coffee at the store
the three sisters yes that sounds so
cool I've become a coffee man lately I
just love coffee and since you got a new
brand we're trying it also sorry for the
last two days for no vlogs and I'm sorry
we didn't film us flying back from
Florida we're back we're home obviously
I guess yeah sorry about that
things happen now Timon uh-huh also we
just uploaded a new prank and we
uploaded it our first gaming video in
two weeks like I said previously like we
said we're stepping up our gaming
channel this is the first one on the new
bean capture it's really nice and it's a
unique style that we haven't really seen
on YouTube so go subscribe okay GUP
squad gaming link in the description
it's pretty good folks right Buford so
today's gonna be a more chill day with
us
I hope you're okay with that where are
we we're at Hoyle we're gonna look at
your stuff today see what like new stuff
has been released at a bunch of stores
and your shoes shirts just and show you
guys what we find so currently we're
looking at all the shoes they had some
pretty sweet shoes here bad 50 bucks for
some mics I need new shoes cuz like the
inside if you can see that but like the
plastic is coming oh wow until you heal
you have any holes either no the bottom
is good but the inside of this but
because oh yes you need new shoes well
look at this cork board yeah
so you can put you can put notes on here
with pins but these are a hundred and
forty bucks
did you find some new snow shoes these
are 100% waterproof negative 100 why am
I saying 100 but negative 22 degrees
Fahrenheit
well he'll put warm well dang that's it
of course you will point out the best
for Sonic okay so just looking at these
shoes how much would you guys guess
these are your wrong 260 dollars all of
these that's insane not this brand at
least what makes a shoe that expensive
they've got a lot of good deal shoes
here 34 bucks for these we only got one
size so if you find a pair you like you
might get a very good deal this is where
you can go snowboarding in what we're at
Best Buy now I'm not really sure why
dude we're checking out all the new
stuff oh okay yeah and now I remember
there's probably some new movies video
games over here are the new movies yeah
see you guys don't even have to leave
your computer or your couch because
we're gonna show you all the stuff
that's out right now
like the revenant this just came out
very good movie did you know that oh I
needed to buy that they're making these
now 4k Ultra a DVD I have a 4k TV so
this would just be look amazing I know
I'm probably need to buy that do you
remember back in the day when they only
had DVDs then they came out with blu-ray
yeah now they're coming out with 4k but
do you remember when they only had VHS
tapes like whoa you can get this on DVD
oh yeah I remember going to blockbuster
way back in the day and renting VHS
tapes and then they get pissed if you
didn't rewind them when you returned fit
oh yeah be kind and rewind
yeah now it's time for a segment called
quick movie reviews we got a stack of
the new it new new release movies and
we're going to quickly review before you
guys okay daddy's home have you seen it
no well it was an okay movie it was
funny but a one time see movie for me
all right
Krampus have you seen a hindrance no I
want to though all right well I saw it
in the theater I actually really enjoyed
this movie if you like Christmas style
unique movies I would recommend seeing
them the good dinosaur have you seen
this no I haven't if you like animated
movies this is a really good movie
though so I would suggest that
the hateful eight we both saw that
that's a cool cover though yes so I get
better a but the movie itself
it's definitely rated R for a reason so
and I basically give it D - possibly an
F yeah I would give it a ok rating
because of the way it was shot in the
style of yeah but the first half of the
movie was a lot better
yeah just went downhill fast Creed have
you seen this no this is a really good
movie as well if you like rocky balboa
movies then you will love this movie
if not yeah okay okay movie Hunger Games
part 2 you know you know I was their
basic hunger games I guess yeah I mean
all the Hunger Games Movies pretty good
movies the big short this movie was
really interesting I really liked it
because he was in a dramatic role but it
was still funny
Steve Carell yeah but yeah this is if
you like I don't know more dramatic
movies it's not bad Star Wars do we
really even need to give a review about
this you know but good good the forest
you seen this know this movie I saw the
years and it was a I wouldn't really
recommend this movie just kind of lame
okay if you like scary movies you won't
like it so yeah there you go quick movie
reviews let us know if you want to see
more quick movie reviews in the future
do you guys remember when we were at
Best Buy last time and they were all out
of the elgato but now they have to now
come on guys so we're now testing out
the cameras here
this is what is this let's take a look
guys and focus
this is the Canon 5d Mark 3 for a small
loan of $3,100 is it worth it let us
know in the comments if we start making
vlogs on this if you guys say yes then I
guess we will we couldn't invest it's
got a really nice wide angle lens this
is a good front walks yeah pretend like
you're pulling it I want it's not I hold
this that looks really nice actually
Plus this is a good hand workout because
this weighs about 10 pounds I think
we're the only youtubers who haven't
switched over to DSLR vlogs no we're
still stuck on these guys but these fit
in your pockets so take that here's the
drone section
now we've been talking about getting a
drone for a while and I think because we
live in Colorado we could get some
really cool shots with a drone for the
vlogs but just so you know if we get a
drone
we're not copying Casey okay yeah he's
not the only one that can do drones okay
so I just want to say that also you
should get these just for what reason
they're cool they blink they change I
haven't ever kind of a seizure in my
house if I get that
no you control what color it is oh all
right
I'm buying the revenant 4k edition it's
gonna buy this movie anyways so might as
well just buy it now meri hasn't seen
this yet so it'll be really fun to watch
this in 4k both I these were the best
when we had them for our other phone I
know we have moved over to the mall now
time for some mall reviews where it's
your move tons of toys and games which
we love as well sir but this one's
already working you just go like this
goodbye
you having fun yet you want this hey get
out of my bowl what's the point huh I
have no idea who can get the yeti out oh
if he falls in you lose sounds like so
we're looking at board games we're gonna
actually probably go to the board game
store in town because they have way more
games we've been we've been wanting to
play new games what this bang we were
playing this at Mary's house her brother
brought it over it was actually really
fun this is easy to play it's pretty
easy to play we're at Zumiez now look at
these shoes whoa these are cool but
there are a hundred and thirty dollars
all these supras are pretty sweet these
ones that it is nice we found Andy's
dream shirt it's uh policia Blart
yeah
who's excited for Richmond lifestyle
part to me we were getting so fresh we
made it to Petrie's maybe it's a while
ago if we did so it's the best I think
it's the only game store in Colorado Kay
Andrew brave rats how bad do all of the
clashing clans so we we didn't get any
games this time there are some fun games
that look pretty fun and then there are
also some boring looking games so it's
kind of hard to decide which game to get
so if you guys have any game
recommendation board games let us know
so I just got back to the house with
Daisy hey Daisy
we gave her a bath the other day she is
smelling really good she's clean and
soft yeah and Brittany's at work right
now I wanted to show you guys some of
the snacks we bought at the grocery
story yesterday about a bunch of yummy
snacks so what do we got here we got
some bacon all the stuff is humanely
raised as well so I just want to point
that out no no no no yes not for you
we got some grass-fed beef Daisy get the
beans out of here
I'm cured sausage got a bunch of veggies
guys if you haven't bought veggies
veggies are so cheap and so good for you
like this whole bag of carrots Daisy it
was like a dollar fifty they're organic
- so is really good pickles cuz I love
pickles
we got some beef burgers honestly me and
Brittany haven't eaten burgers red meat
in such a long time so that's why I just
bought a ton we're not red meats not
good to eat all the time but it's
actually good for you if you eat it
every now and then we've got some good
bread here
Ezekiel 4:9 I wanted I saw this at the
grocery store I want to try it's
actually not meet its plant protein with
no soy yo no no GMOs I'd be good by
tacos to try got these blueberry waffles
they're actually pretty good and if any
of you out there looking for like some
sort of vegan pasta sauce this is really
good me and Brittany is probably our
favorite one Alfredo red pepper no
complaints here I've got some fruit
watermelon squash and I just bought this
yesterday it's just Bloody Mary Mix
didn't buy any alcohol with it I just
love tomato juice like the mixed Bloody
Mary Mix is so good haven't tried this
but definitely looking forward to trying
that hey Daisy
you want some potatoes you want potato
the imaginary potato I have here you go
you can have imaginary potato I think
that's it for today's vlog guys we
appreciate you coming back to watch and
hang out with us
that's so cool to know that there are
people like you out there who actually
enjoy watching us and yeah I just thank
you I just wanted to say before I end
the vlog that we are planning to do an
epic toilet paper fort video with Jesse
from PvP so stay tuned and look forward
to that I'm not sure what's gonna happen
we're just kind of talking with him
right now and figuring it all out but I
just want to let you guys know that's in
the works and Daisy
once I got a play with Daisy she's so
bored I guess we'll see you guys
tomorrow
good bye
