good morning everybody welcome back to
vlogs good morning Cody
dude I I forgot to vlog you yesterday
the average bro is hanging out at the
Frank house this weekend with us you
come in right now with us or not we need
to bring this we need cereal and bread
and pop-tarts what do you guys have why
did you give them to me
anyways it is officially day one of
Malayalis live and it's so warm out I
love this you guys ready
hey guys Mario Kart wait wait for the
first first car will be almost got him
apparently we're on a panel today we
just found out good side of Frankie
we're taking us over to the main stage
they're pretty cool
take a peek outside see what it looks
like guys there's all kinds Justin I'm
Andrew Briggs more like family-friendly
pranks in the library
it's Jason to studios as our Channel and
oh we also do vlogs daily vlogs just you
know doing adventures filming our lives
and yeah anything else
yep they think pranks are all these like
kids going in the hood and pranking
people doing dumb stuff just making
people mad basically yeah and that's not
all pranks like I think I speak for at
least plus three us for when I say we
genuinely just want to make people laugh
we know oh yeah you can find us on
youtube.com/theatrefolk
there's a lot of drama in the brain
world there's a lemon split split people
here but we're all one big family
especially here at playlist live so give
it up to the pranksters one more time DJ
sending once again he's going live now
we going in the front or white he's not
a DJ but he is DJ but he started eating
on behind the scenes cats performing to
so many snacks
excuse me so many oh my goodness Don I'm
sorry okay time to get interviewed by
Best Buy this is cool yeah you're way
over there I'm on camera you're over
there
we actually are getting 50 bucks to just
do this interview that's pretty cool all
right
what kind of summer meaning it's just
pure power yeah oh my god yeah
oh my he's so hey we're out exploring
right now and we have to swim I'm gonna
get sunburned out here but this is
awesome
so we're just walking around we ran into
Chris and Nicole how's it going guys so
nice to meet you yeah how long you got
dad he just was like by the pool and
then we ran into him it's like good
timing telling ya I've been watching
have you guys went your trampoline place
some months now sweet just give you a
glimpse of how big this place is
this is just one little section people
are going everywhere seeing you again
thanks for watching our videos
pound it yeah so keV is getting ready to
perform on the main stage the one that
we did our panel on when we spoke we're
gonna try and dance on stage to his
music should be fun you excited yeah
need a final but he's starting already
Kevin Kevin Kevin aget ready to go on
stage and then we're going up on the
second song everybody was gonna go
already Kevin
their first performance you're gonna
kill it
shake it a little bit about shaking out
the nerves I'm ready to go kill it
he's on the mainstage folks Jim they
called your name yeah keV let's go watch
over here guys
yeah
how you guys know it yeah
are you guys ready to hear some music
haha cat on the shot hi sexy army yeah
check the army for life swimming bring
this in the floor
looking fresh swimming was fantastic now
our head back home gonna make some
dinner I've got another party tonight
key if you're ready for the party
tonight so ready man all right well
let's head back home and get some dinner
Rach it's before dinner we're gonna get
a quick workout but this is a community
pool
it's so nice I really want danger is
here as well thank you welcome to my new
gym with instructions so all brand-new
equipment what
I literally feel like we're in paradise
right now freakin cool this is and over
here they got a lake right well they're
alligators out here DJ there's gotta be
at least two of them they better have
any more mosquitos out here I am still
in awe of where we are right now like
this is hello beautiful
just had dinner didn't film it please
don't unsubscribe it was chicken salad
and rice hummus but we changed outfits
because we're going to the party full
screen party this time right now we're
shooting an awkward interview or video
for DJ yeah it's going really well I
haven't done one yet maybe she wants to
be interviewed oh yeah look at all the
ladies
get back in the interview how many
interviews back at it I don't know how
much we're gonna blog in here because
you guys already saw this basically
yesterday so in the same room so it's
not gonna be that fun for you guys
but
we were on our way back to the house
pretty chilling here yeah it's like a
party we are in the Christmas tree whose
party you burr I've ever been in I need
to put lights in my car no our uber trip
your Saturday evening trip with uber $0
ya want to know why I know why but do
you I do so if you your first time
downloading goober you get a free trip
and then you also get a code and if you
give it to your friends and they use
uber you get $20 for free so that's like
$40 free so what we did was Mary got an
uber she got a free over because I gave
her a code and then they gave me a $20
code for free so you see what we did
there it's all connected it's all part
of the plan free is what we love I want
pizza I don't want to go to work work
work work work cuz I cannot work from
home cuz I don't wanna do that I just
want to eat food yeah
I heard something
goodnight goodnight everyone
okay see you guys I got you I got you I
got you
the time that we spent watch the clock
slow on the yellow mega 100 Frost
