well welcome back to cool dogs guys hope
you're having a great day it snowed last
night in Colorado but then it basically
all melted yeah what's gonna snow here I
don't know that's just what happens when
you come to Colorado snows and then it's
all gone the next day but it's still
pretty cold anyways today we thought we
haven't checked up on the fort we built
up in the woods like a long time ago
we haven't went up here to see what
happened do you think anybody's built
anything something is definitely
different but at the time I shoe because
if you guys didn't know okay let me just
refresh your memory Andrew and I were up
here in Mount Hermon area and a few
months ago we built this fort out of
like woods and tarp and stuff and we put
a geocache there so you guys could come
visit it and hang out and a bunch you
did actually but then we came back
another time and somebody destroyed
everything it's all destroyed
I think our tarps were gone right yeah
they took our tarps they left a note I'm
like why would you do that anyways we
want to just come and see if anybody's
built on to it and if so we are going to
build a new fort somewhere else and some
more more secluded right right we're not
gonna tell you guys exactly where it's
at it's gonna be a surprise okay so
let's begin the trek up and check this
out just look how beautiful it is up
here guys
it's a lot more snowy up here but about
five minute walk up we have come to the
turnoff but look there's no footprints
so no one's been here since at least
snowed this is nice it is way colder in
the shade I'm freezing all right up we
go this is the hill we have to climb up
pretty steep don't slip now guys how it
hurt we are approaching the campsite now
oh yeah I remember we hid those things
oh yeah which one one of them was right
here we hid under one of these yeah we
hide the Sun guys Gary Poppins dude what
happened is who destroyed it it's been
completely destroyed
now where's the geocache box oh don't
tell me they took that is it under one
of these Gary Poppins dude what happened
his who destroyed this it's been
completely destroyed
now where's the geocache box oh don't
tell me
is it under one of these oh yeah you're
right
hey the box is gone the had all the
answers to the to the prizes you found
it where is it why is the box down there
see what's inside
Oh anything new looks like it yes what
about about California by Adam and Jason
two more Jase - oh that's cool a
personal letter we got the big trees
here trees ice huh thanks for the that's
cool info on California yeah what else
do we got in here oh this is this is the
clue for the fidgets winner all right no
one found it outside the fort it's not
by some stones that get hot look all
around up and down it may or may not be
on the ground that's that kind of hard
one I thought that was easy oh I think
that was the gift card
Keegan found it ah somebody found that
good job Keegan I remember I remember
the logbook the Goldsmith's have been
here okay there are the last ones here
we will rebuild the fort Noah on the
14th sad that the fort is knocked down
from Lucas right whoever knocked it down
she'll pay for this totally bummed to
find the fort knocked down but excited
to find it yeah nice see you guys
everyone's sad
but like Noah said we will rebuild we
will rebuild we we made it all the way
from California
Wow nice Salt Lake City Utah Heather
Carson Andy the buckets Wow guys a lot
of you made it nice why our elephants
always going to the pool
answer because they have their trunks
what has eight wheels and flies bugs a
garbage truck yes looks like a spongebob
okay and put this back in the fort in
case anybody else wants to come and find
it you can putting him back where ow I
got stuck in the head put some sticks on
him she looks a little conspicuous would
waste their time to come up here and
mess everything up you know I can't
answer that we ready to build a new one
that's it that is it
but you said we're gonna build a
brand-new one it's gonna be light years
better than this one and promise we're
gonna make sure it's built out of
all-natural materials yeah no Tosh
because I think someone got matter--you
tarps back in the car the warm car says
it's 29 degrees out my ears very cool is
it that cold where you live or you live
somewhere tropical
check it out we're on this super windy
road because we're trying to find a more
secluded area for forces yeah yeah guys
we are in the middle of nowhere and
there's a deep right there but we just
took this road and found a path and
literally don't know where we are boys
but it is pretty maybe we'll find a fort
area somewhere around here we have to do
this would be the best look at the view
the real estate right so we're
descending into the canyon here because
we were looking around and see if we can
find any like cool caves or areas where
we can build that no one has been to yet
in this area doesn't look like many
people have been to what is this Wow
there's bound to be something cool here
whoa I just this is so nice out here the
wild so it's now quiet it is just look
out past the landscapes it's just you
hear the birds can't we're in the middle
nowhere guys look what I found
it's a golf ball I know I wonder what
the story of this golf ball is you know
either way guys we are keeping this for
the next four where'd you find it found
a really cool area but another relic
yeah
you yeah now what's the story of those
goggles hey guys what do you think the
story of these are are these all the way
back in here if only one I got that but
take a look at the look window
I love secret hatches with the sea Elmo
ah rocks I think this is gonna be the
spot we're gonna build the next fort so
there's already got like walls from the
rocks so just build it up and should be
pretty fun because then you stand out
here you got the view of the century and
also tons of area to explore there's a
huge rock formation right over there I
don't know we think we see a cave right
over there so you might check that out
in a few minutes stay tuned kind of
pondering this fort area and you made a
point it's gonna be kind of hard to get
wood in this area man we just got a
little right now but as you can see it's
just rocks upon rocks so we're trying to
figure it out folks
guys Andrew found his first golf ball
yes a top flight now we each have one
for the foot this is gonna really boost
my ego they were making our way over
there guys that's where the cave was or
what looked like could be a cave so yeah
hey no landslides whoa
always gotta be careful when you're on
the wilderness because you never know
what elements you're gonna run into
landslides no I'm getting over here
ready man leave a like if andrew is
strong guys at all another golf ball
this is like a treasure hunt Fiasco
we're finding all sorts of things what
else are we gonna find
keep your eyes peeled yeah how cool
would it be if you're just like on a
normal hike like this and we just came
across something like literal like a box
a random box and then it had treasure in
or something
watch your steps yeah I think this was
what I saw which is kind of like a
little Kate that's a definitely huh I
feel snowing or something you could put
a little fire right here oh yeah go on
in okay
yeah ah nice little break man yeah this
is really nice too bad we didn't have
our whoa we didn't bring up matches or
anything we could have set up a mini
fire and just like chilled in here cuz
look it's just rocks and stuff we clear
out all the pinecones and whatnot
put like fire it there and then fill a
snowing out we were lost this is like
perfect I guess we'll have to come back
yeah leave a like if you think we should
come back here and set up a little fire
maybe add some refurbish touches to it
yeah we still haven't found we still
haven't found a spot for the next Force
for yet so we definitely have to come
back anyways yeah this is the course
spot we found though I think yeah I
think a few people could fit if we got
like a shovel too and let's show what
out some of this it's it in there yeah
well I'm an expert wild man and I can
tell you these are some critter prints
which one like what animal is it like I
can't just tell you that for free oh man
subscribe so we're making our way back
up to the car what are we doing though
we have no idea how to get back to that
thing so we're trying to come up with
landmarks to guide us back so what is
this
can't remember chair Rock and then down
there you can't see it now but if you go
down a little bit it's sock puppet Rock
it looks like a hand like that alright
are we lost or what pretty lost just
keep going up okay okay we're at the top
this going up the tray tree and then
it's right down there but our cars way
over there we got way off track
that's why I gotta be careful when
you're out hiking because it's very easy
to get disoriented so be careful if
you're thirsty yeah or it's cold like
this my hands are frozen
oh we were saying they'd be easier if we
just brought like flags like smaller
flags and just put them on the ground
everywhere we went
oh we got our prizes as well yeah drive
back down the mountain cuz we drove a
while guys they did and we're running
running low on gas so we want to make
sure that we get home
so today yeah onward okay folks you've
reached the end of the video thanks for
watching all the way to this point we
appreciate you and since you made it to
the very end of the vlog we want you to
do something think of a name for the
golf ball leave your comments down below
the hole we'll take a look at him we
have to come back tomorrow
you have to we have to make this for it
alright guys we'll see you back here mom
