good morning muffins muffin whoa what a
way to start the morning guys we're
about ready to go to the airport because
we're flying the playlist live today in
Florida it's gonna be so much fun right
yeah what time is it goodness just too
early so yeah
Mary's dads taking us to the airport
it's really no I think here we go I
think Justin's dad really yes
Airport
security Colorado Springs has literally
the fastest security lines no one here
it's a bird there's a real-life bird
right there
first stop Houston
we got egg zero lots of leg room guys
yeah right here I used to see them front
of you or in an overhead compartment if
you need any assistance throughout the
flight please press the green sliders in
a combat located on a panel above you
you guys have no idea how good it smells
in here right now
Texas your smells are on we're in this
like right there barbecue we got burgers
here pizza burritos me Mary and Britney
got burritos chicken burritos really
good man true we'll show you what you
got
yes finally making our way downtown
Orlando here we come
we've finally made it to Orlando
everyone
the weather here is so nice we're just
waiting to be picked up from our Hoover
don't know where he is but he should be
here soon sure we made it this house
we're staying with Keith and Paige again
every time we travel we stay with them
is that there are travel buddies Wow I'm
not sick this time thank God
yeah you guys are probably get me sick
again I know Vijay is just one of the
guests thing at this house see you guys
I'm gonna stay in here so I don't get
sick all right see you
all right bye Andrew what happened his
cave is where he stays guys okay yeah
you got it
Jeff is here we haven't seen Kevin the
longest time he's sleeping and he has
dreads what the crap guys we reunited
with Ken I don't know if we could wake
him up Oh keV it's so great to see you
man it's been months oh we missed you I
can't really remember the last time
we've hung out but dude freaking dope
seeing you again man yeah bro all right
and I seen him since the wedding man
kids and Paige how you doing Keith Sweat
yeah guys Kevin is awake haven't seen
you in years
how you been man really good now that
we're back you are you that's okay
yeah kebza betting money yeah I don't
just won some skin don't don't just $100
we don't want to tell you what he lost
though but quick stop at Walmart for
some groceries finally got all our stuff
Walmart is literally the worst place to
shop I only like coming to Walmart to
pray
how do you feel it's overwhelming here
there's so many people it's insane thank
God we're about to leave though we got
dinner cooking up in him Oh party starts
at 10:00 we're going to an epic party
tonight but we got to eat first with all
these
so here is our place we're gonna be
staying two beds one for and room area
one for me Brittany and I think this is
like a five bedroom house pretty cool
washroom dryer bedroom bedroom with
three bunk beds there downstairs
what are you doing DJ can you make it
Andrew they even got a pool and jacuzzi
out here I don't know what this is but
it's on every house in this neighborhood
every house has this thing I don't know
if it's to keep out bugs or what but I
love it
what you doing very interactive because
your personal to be honest I love this
new vlog style I mean we should try it
right yeah yeah it's pretty good it's
hard to aim but you know once you get
the aim down it's like pretty good it's
just so unique that's why I love it I've
never seen that done before
I would love watching close-up vlogs
yeah of DJ's nuts
yeah if DJ found the shoes he did
thank goodness see that they're my shoes
we're going to party now so we gotta get
going yeah please we just want
autographs we love this song the time
that we spent watch the club slow on the
flamenco wanna defrost oh I like all
this women are like
we officially made it to the playlist
live venue oh gosh that's a terrible way
to start the night Amy you gotta get out
now we're gonna party and so we got our
packets here so we got hers and we got
this it says VIP parties so the
wristbands because that what's in there
- all right well yours once they do
Senate ears we'll say just in the spirit
but oh darn it on the weight you're
angry
why wouldn't - it Justin Stewart alright
guys I got my badge yeah but our names
aren't on it
great that's because you write it on
individually okay you don't mind his
type
oh crap yeah I got the cool bag you're
paying people off I know it now it's
time to party who's ready to party okay
so guess how we get transported to the
party calm down Andrew would you look at
this it's go time
oh let me sit in here
the back door here's our tour bus
everyone yeah
aha aha oh look at the drink
what's happening
oh my god am i oh shoot
yeah
I think you need some sleep and great
guys it's 1:30 a.m. and we're still not
at home and in bed yet I'm tired yeah
everybody I got up at 5:30 meet you oh
yeah yeah it's really quiet in here
everyone's gone so oh good grief
just want to thank everyone for watching
today's vlog it's been a great episode
and I hope you thought it was great it's
also DJ's getting his vlog channel up
and running again and there's not gonna
be tripping over cake what is it so I
don't know I just
vlog now so you should come watch them
because I stopped for a long time now
I'm doing
DJ's vlogs it's super easy and we were
just we are in it vlog so you don't know
watch it was fun we were at a party
we're dancing and stuff so we'll leave a
link in the description box check out
and I guess we'll see you tomorrow for
Davey officially one now you want to see
now yes watch alarm yeah live DJ that's
okay good bye fire
