good morning everybody welcome back to
vlogs Andrew what are we doing today or
right now at least whoa
we're actually doing something really
fun I hope nice what what we're
exploring this vehicle we found while
playing frolf if you guys watch our
vlogs you would know you talked about
this the other day we can see it from
here actually see that truck or
construction vehicle sorts we're gonna
go see it what is going on down there
what are they doing
there's also another surprise down there
which you'll see I'd like to annul
acknowledge how beautiful it is out
today again this is just fantastic but
me and you are making our way down to
the shrimp because there what kind like
daggers that's a pretty good feeling
we found a fork down here so we want to
explore it somebody made it it's over
there what's the best course of action
captain
lead the way spear alright looks like
mud
let's test pretty muddy this way
we made it here it is Wow somebody had a
lot of time look they've boarded up this
they tied stuff down yeah it looks
pretty secure are you gonna try and go
up there's also a nail sticking out
there so beware
is it stable this I'm kind of bouncing
on it it's quite stable by fall I'm
filming so it'll be viral yeah
yep see Wow
this is crazy this is pretty fun I guess
yeah I just need some more walls if you
see animals you want to eat for dinner
and you take your spirits over there
ready yeah
dinner's on me Phyllis I repeat we found
a tire huh I feel like we're on Survivor
out here I know I was just about to say
this is a hint of this summer's survival
vlog yeah you do want to do that and it
will happen okay but this is cool it's
like a little like I don't know what
this is but there's water they're fresh
water let's go try it look at all the
trash in here too
like that's just gross and sad where
does it all this trash come from all
kinds you will you give me a hundred
bucks if I go have one in the water yeah
okay
the Ducks are so I mean why can't I
really fun time it's a little stream so
that's what we are here for looks like
this has been building a little stream
for the water this is British oh whoa
that close yeah this rock is sturdy Wow
for approaching the device now Wow I
touched it I did touched it what uh you
know what didn't what are you doing up
there I'm king of the lands he's
protecting the inside this little wasp
thing ah
Oh someone locked it what the heck all
right take a look everyone
you're just open the hatch so we can see
inside oh I'm close don't want bee
stinging this is cool
now you climb up there easy you can also
hide underneath it if you want there's a
4 under here
we found the farm
it's chickens I want some chickens hey
guys look at all those chickens okay
Andrew says that's a fuzzy bear chicken
with a book that's the brand is black
bear chicken oh my gosh lots of all
kinds of chicken soup favorite style of
chicken
hey you're doing good
thanks we are just waiting a few minutes
and then we're gonna play some spike
ball but first we have a new
hide-and-seek game that this man thought
of this man over here it involves this
thing right here Andrews gonna hide and
when I find him I blast him so you
better hide good yeah
it's called what's a version called hide
and deadly nerf hide and seek - blasters
hide and get blasted Aaron how's it
gonna - no we both get along what why is
only one person hiding then why is it me
you get the Buford this doesn't sound
like a fun game sounds awesome
Buford what what do you think we've
heard whatever we find first test hide
again next but I'm the only one hiding
six seven eight nine me and Aaron are
counting real quick and then we're going
to find Andrew ready or not here we come
where's Andrew Buford where's Andrew go
get Andrew
there's only one place left to be out
you must be in here fire we can clearly
see you with or without that is a
protector for the fullest Oh
we're now at the park because since it's
so nice that were playing some spike
ball it's hard filming this dinnertime
oh yeah it easy so since we're going to
Florida tomorrow morning or actually
flying to Florida Orlando to go to
playlist live take Daisy to doggy
daycare right Daisy are you excited to
go to daycare daycare
there we go just dropped her off now I
am heading to the gym Andrew and Aaron
we're gonna play some basketball I
literally haven't played basketball in
the longest time so it should be really
fun and great look at my seat now jeez
Daisy
Jim Tam great it's busy as all get-out
is that a good one I think how's the
workout gone so far fellas
all done with the workout got a protein
here what flavor did you get boss it's a
mocha madness they got some good protein
shakes here for errands getting his
right now okay it's a party it's a party
it's a pie yeah
ping pong whoa there Deb well I should
probably get to bed it's 11:20 right now
and our flights were flights at 8:40 but
we're getting up at 6:20 because we're
going there early it's gonna be a long
day of flying I think we get to Florida
like 4:00 p.m. but we will be vlogging
at all and hope you guys come hang out
with us while we're at playlist live
this weekend it should be some fun vlogs
we're going to some insane parties I
don't know if you remember VidCon last
year it was a really cool party but
playlist there's a different type of
party we're going to yeah hope you all
have a great day great night whenever
you're watching this and stay happy
because you can oh well goodbye thinking
about getting this game neck that was
like one of the first ps4 games
