good morning roast beef sandwiches
welcome back to blogs guess what we're
doing today we haven't done this in the
longest time and I'm sure some of you
are gonna be really excited about this
we're at Walmart that's it and you know
what that means we're doing another
falling episode we haven't done a
falling red in a while so we're gonna
see how go today all right we're ready
guys hopefully a Walmart doesn't get
pissed at us for filming today now find
the first pregnant dump look what we
just found a helium kit tank this could
probably be very bad for the brain but
very funny for vlogs so we've been
getting some clips and we noticed up
here there's I think policía policía
yep and drug dog he's sniffing up here
something happened I don't want to get
too close man I do
dear sir don't you see they're doing
tests out here that's awesome we figured
out what they're doing
thank goodness we did there's where I
repeat there is no illegal substances in
here they're doing tests for the joke
training alright so we are at Gamestop
now we're gonna see if they have a game
capture which they probably won't since
everywhere doesn't have it I don't
really know much about it
yeah they have so many games are you
guys do you guys play ps4 Xbox one or
Xbox 360 or Gamecube we can go on what
do you guys play me and replayed ps4
that was like one of the first ps4 games
I thought I never heard of it well you
thought about getting hit so you know
what game are you looking forward to
this year
doing doing you want that game I want
this game
I think the bait is out so you can play
it we should play doom all the time on
my computer when I was little it was so
scary so this isn't one scarier so I
want to play these two games home front
and battleborn
yeah or ABC murderers no guys history in
the making has just happened what does
that mean
I'll show you yes a new el gato this is
the HD 60 so it's better than the one we
have already I don't know if any of you
guys are subscribed to our gaming
channel but if you want to leave a link
in the description
our current oh god l only felt like
records in 720 for some reason so I the
screens yeah that's right
not that great but I mean it works so
that's what we had so we just you know
make the best of it but now we've got
this one which says it's perfect for ps4
and next-gen community please check it
keeps getting in the link but yeah check
out our gaming channel we're gonna be
trying to upload at least once a week on
there hopefully more we promise yes
really excited to make some more content
for you plays alright we're out here now
back and I spotted a while cool back and
I've never seen a koala bear quite like
this one
well oh hey there little buddy
wow it even talks you're coming home
with me I'm not trying to be jay-z might
just what are you wearing though my
goodness
you're we live Colbert but I'm trying to
convince Justin to take me out to dinner
in this I would totally take out just I
don't I don't think you'd do it but I
would totally be done we're back out in
a while the Outback here in Australia
and we've caught a wild primate as you
can see it's quite calm right now
hey there little buddy how you did oh it
seems to be quite sad
maybe I should touch it oh boy don't
bite me oh it's a friendly later bye guy
alright see it is he okay so you know
how we went too bad daddy's recently and
we did the bad daddy burger challenge
the $52.00 burger me ninja bot but bad
daddy saw it and they just sent us a
letter and I haven't opened it I don't
know what to expect so let's just open
this real quick you have to experience
this together guys Justin thank you for
sharing fun content you can tell much
fun you guys are having with your
adventures we are so excited that we
were able to move into the spring so it
was really cool to see community members
enjoying the food bad daddy
yes we might need to invent our own food
challenge yes you guys seriously should
do that I am enclosing two free burger
cards for Andrew and you to visit please
don't use it on the $52.00 uh my smiley
got out of hand that's a good smiley
face thanks Marissa wow that's so cool
two burger cards bad daddies we
appreciate you so much thanks for
sending us cards and I'm glad you liked
our video oh yeah
what mommy and Erin are going uh last
time yeah we're doing some rock climbing
we haven't done that in forever so I
just thought be really fun to do it
today cuz Erin didn't have school that's
crazy
awesome I don't know why they give you
the day off on a Wednesday wait we're
going in now decided
yeah man very bright got the harness got
that shoes oh nice so it's just about
that time to work out I did want to
point out look at the sky blue you guys
remember just the other day we were
vlogging and it was snowing everywhere
yeah here at Orange Theory if you guys
haven't tried out once-through thing you
said you should try it your first time
is free so you know there's Britney
getting warmed up hello have you guys
gotten your daily exercise in I hope so
we're just about to start
actually it's costume
you ready for an hour work outfit yeah
so yes
hey hey this one this one that one one
over there but try some real-life
belaying not the auto blaze like this
one reach you did it oh my goodness I'm
gonna try the crack over there alright
guys this is the crack
all right started off good not even
using the crack he's so good
he's made it
Congrats bug that wasn't too hard to
finger hole that had to use up there
that was kind of hard
we're done try first-person kind
that's too hard
and there's no way you can do this
one-handed
all right halfway that I ran into a snag
there's no grips on the left side
there we go
made it all into the top made it alright
let me try it
left foot blue this is a hard
yes as high as I'm gonna go pretty high
up here
I can't that sighs I'm sick up here
are you gonna do a route on this one
which one green 511 the green 511
Aaron's gonna see how far he can get at
the wall just in the crack
ah that was hard
all right we're gonna try some
bouldering
I don't know you just have to peered it
out the ending is right there yep yep
you did it now I tried there you go
Wow almost yeah
Wow kind of did it bouldering stuff my
fingers are on five-year he died get his
foot there can't he do it sky right
there oh we are done climbing now you
want to go home and watch Survivor yeah
it's already seven o'clock so it's
already on but not on recording that's
good climbing was fun today did you have
a good time yeah yeah there we go well
guys we just got done with the workout
that was so awesome
good workout today I feel like I pushed
myself a little harder today so that's
good I just want to quickly encourage
anybody out there who's been wanting to
get active lately or work out here's a
little push for you go work out stay
active trust me I've been doing it a lot
more recently and with Brittney and it's
made me feel so much better just about
myself my health I feel more energized
throughout the day like so if if you've
been thinking about it a lot lately I
encourage you to just try it out and the
key is to stay consistent and that goes
across the board with anything in life
consistency is so important and take it
day by day
don't set these long goals like month
long goals set daily goals there's so
much easier easier to accomplish and
once you accomplish the daily goals that
month long goal that you may have in
mind eventually will happen but take it
day-by-day guys I believe in you I know
you got this just believe in yourself
and get out there and make it happen
concurrently I'm just taking Daisy on a
quick bathroom break and she's sniffing
everything on earth of course hey Daisy
wants in potatoes Daisy wants some
potatoes okay bye
hold me and burner probably just gonna
hang the rest of the night the new prank
is up if you want to go see that it's up
right now and I don't think I have too
much else to say guys anyways I guess
we'll see you all back here tomorrow oh
by the way me Brittany Andrew and Mary
are going to be a playlist live this
weekend in Florida we just found that
out and it's it's this weekend so if any
of you live in Florida and are gonna be
at playlist live we'd love to meet you
but yeah we'll be vlogging at all anyway
well see you later all right
now time for the red dragon are you
ready for this
