good morning everybody welcome back to
vlogs we look forward to spending the
next 10 minutes or so with you hanging
out today currently I'm at the post
office because I have to send off my
taxes self-employment taxes everybody
here is probably sending off their taxes
today is the day taxes are due thanks
Andrew what did you send your taxes off
yeah do that this morning everyone doing
it today Andrew just has to pick up
Mary's car because it was in the shop
apparently and then we get to do what
we've been wanting to do for a while now
nerf guns I know you guys have probably
missed us doing nerf gun vlogs so we
just we want to go see if there's any
new nerf guns out and have some fun
today with them what's happening that's
this guy this is how he shops
anyways our first stop cute is here at
Walmart Walmart typically doesn't have
nerf rival which is our favorite gun
what galaxy Warriors make a knockoff
Star Wars it looks like halo yeah
yes turn yours on but the button yes
your red this is so fun everyone we're
having fun with three dollar swords
council warriors now Walmart this is
incredible we found her you finally have
a package and right in the front we
didn't even have to look maybe they have
a bigger one yeah rival rivals rivals
nervous nerf guns nerf guns we want some
nerf guns
raibl rivals and only $24 yeah Wow okay
let's see the other ones we found the
nerf gun section are we hoping for what
the mango that's called the modulus and
strike that's a big big fella
oh yes I had the big yo-yo rival whoa
we've never played with this one yet
really mm-hmm
this is an automatic blaster oh my gosh
normal one which we have this one or
there's the sniper oh yeah all right
Andrew you have to do a battle against
yourself go
here I come what yeah this is a good one
Wow there's a soldier over here guys Shh
let's throw this at him
Hey Oh Oh crud
it's gonna blow quick there's zombies
over here someone help
ah there's zombies over here somebody
help I could help I'm the zombie blaster
go get him
where are they captain you got him yes
look all these RC cars and stuff we've
never ever I've never played with one of
these before you I had one of these a
smaller one when I was little and didn't
even fly what good from RadioShack and
that's why they're going out of business
wow these look very fun guys we have to
get these big batteries now dang it Oh
these are three bucks I think so Lane
these are so expensive seven bucks this
better be worth it made it back home we
got it guys you know what this means
it's now that time for thank you Chris
with that amazing intro let's get right
into this unboxing so good
maybe I hope again that should probably
work okay that allows that allows him to
use both hands when opening the box with
this knife I got a really well are you
guys ready to experience this yea-ah
what it's I didn't know it was red
that's weird they use like real rope
yeah now we have to take it all out of
here because they tied this together
Krabs Andrew found scope attachments I
don't know what this is but they go on
like that this for a me I thought not
can't be right
check this out everyone all of the balls
easily go in hey see that ball quick
great we can't put the batteries in here
because we don't have a screwdriver that
will fit in there
yeah cuz they made this little tiny hole
a little tiny screws I just want to play
with a nerf gun says her what she asked
for
you just drove over and got this I've
got this whole screwdriver but guess
what it's too small you're too big and
too small ah back at Angel's parents
because we need to find a screwdriver
for this nerf gun which listen we're
trying to play what are we playing
we're playing guess what Aaron's doing
but listen sounds like a concert open
the door slowly
no Aaron all right we did we were trying
to play guess what Aaron's doing I heard
a noise we heard music in here yes we
finally got the daggum battery pack Hey
now let's get these in here and start
blastin we got the bad boy working rev
up that engine
what are you gonna shoot your in the
battlefield yeah you'll always know
where these guys are like where it's
like the halo the plasma rifle before
you shoot it
oh yeah let's compare sizes before we
shoot okay this is the MX 1200 and x7
are also known as the Zeus and the
pee-wee the PVV
it also has good a mercy yeah they were
great here we go whoa
wow that's fast
well if you first getting skirt doesn't
seem that so now we're going to compare
both of the guns to see which one is
more painful or powerful and Andrew is
the victim you ready no yeah laughs hey
oh yeah all right this is the next one
okay but and maybe the red one is just a
smidge lower in pain but I bet you shot
budget
what I just found the fall on the gun
what found it boy everyone happen if you
shoot the bullets really fast they go
crappy mode like early they're going all
over the place now it's my turn to shoot
Justin what okay all right
now time for the red dragon are you
ready for this I suppose okay now that
we did a quick shot test painful test
the Blue has won but now we're doing an
accuracy test we're testing the blue gun
to hit four targets how well is your aim
Andrew good let's see Wow
one four three four I mean ah okay
fellow time I'm going down here I'm
ready very bad
okay that was a very bad shot whoa whoa
lucky oh man good would you say that one
is more or less accurate shoot that nope
you have to decide oh I try and shoot
that one javac and ouch so I just want
one for one that's a hundred percent
accuracy
forty percent all right they're both
different this is just more powerful
like this one
automatic though so like if you if
you're a little off and you don't have
to readjust you just shoot and just
slightly move that this one you have to
move you shoot then you push it which
messes up your aim makes sense now we
had to go find all the little Easter
eggs yeah we probably get lost all right
guys so we're about to give you our
final answer which of these guns we like
better with the finger foam the foam
finger will answer Andrew what is your
final answer
survey says Wow you go with this one I
do all right what does your survey say
my survey says no the same although
they're both good guys if you're wanting
to get a new nerf gun
this one's cheaper more powerful this
one costs way more doesn't even take
batteries so it's always going to work
so that's that
going to the gym okay
I'll just just this part of the vlog now
I don't usually vlog when I go to the
gym because I like to focus on you know
going to the gym and doing workouts but
I figured I'd just bring the camera
today
maybe film a little bit inside being
dorky playing basketball I don't know
but yeah we're here we're Tyler
Beckett's house now and Tyler hey hey
Justin's talking tell her randomly has a
frog I know I've always have you've
never told me this
I forgot what's this guy's name this is
rocket oh my god Groot I have Groot in
this and the cage I've always had frogs
growing up I used to have a bro Prague
that was that big no way - that's so
awesome seven years sureno frog and you
raised it did he come on hey friend
newskin whoa I won't drop him he's
hanging off of your life huh that's so
cool I have two three things is that
true - what uh yeah he's posing for the
camera yes this terminal is turning what
he likes
come on look at the camera come on don't
be shy
no minion no way
is dad in here Oh
yes sir
I don't know where dad is well that's it
for the gym didn't vlog too much like I
said just wanted to workout and stay
focused you know on the weights and
stuff but it's about 9:30 so it's a
little over an hour back and chest which
was very powerful and now it's time to
go home and get some pro se the so this
is my after workout shake usually you
got a scoop of viga put in a scoop of
glutamine some peanut butter and then
some of this accelerator not really the
best thing to have at night because it's
supposed to restore your energy but it
helps reduce inflammation in supports
immune function so and it tastes pretty
good so I usually put just a little bit
that in there and then it becomes a
great shake okay that's the end of the
vlog everybody hope you had a good stay
we're gonna do some fan mail letters but
we wanted to say leave a like if you
guys want us to do write you tell
uh we have a few different things we
have two ideas first idea is we would
take the little nerf yellow bullets put
them in some water then put them in the
freezer freeze them really hard and
shoot each other so it's like the frozen
bullets challenge if you guys want to
see that
leave a like the second option is to buy
RC helicopters and we'll shoot them
we'll try and shoot them one of us will
be controlling up so we can drive around
in the house and stuff like the
helicopters I don't know just leave it
like if you guys enjoyed nerf gun vlogs
because we what we want to do more so we
love nerf guns now fan mail x antenna da
derringer and justin my name is Connor
I'm 15 and I live in New York I've been
watching your pranks and blog for over a
year now yay I'm happy I'm finally
writing in to you both so I can tell how
much I appreciate you guys tell you how
much I pre I'm so happy you take the
time every day to film and edit vlogs
you're welcome
Connor thanks so much for sending us
this keychain of source who is that it's
a duck or a bird and then there's just a
bag for geocaching stuff this is a big
coin Wow trackable at geocaching calm
the geocoin hello Oh a tribe it's me mr.
Potato Head
just kidding it's me Danny again this
farm you so much I'm your biggest fan
that was wondering if you could sign
these for me that would mean the world
but here's the picture he has a return
envelope so we'll send that off to you
immediately two dollar bills so thanks
for the donation and also a Peyton
Manning football helmet thanks Danny
well that's it for the vlog I guess
we'll see you guys tomorrow peace bye
