howdy everybody welcome back to vlogs ah
yeah we've kind of been stalling on
prank ideas temporarily we were filming
oh we are filming but we were filming a
different video earlier today now we've
switched ideas so that's just how it
works when it comes to pranking ideas
which just roll with the flow so we're
just finishing up getting clips for here
at the mall so all right finishing off
the prank in the ball we just ran into
Travis what's going on man how long you
been watching well now he said they
found us from misterepicmann is all
right he uploaded a video on that
channel well it's great meet me dude
yeah well we're back at home and
something happened why don't you tell
them what problem we just had that one
yeah this is his fault
no it's not it's a group effort
a what a group effort yeah so basically
the mic was turned off for two clips and
there are really funny clips yeah
sometimes that happens
we haven't mics often no audio equals no
clip so Bing it but can't undo that so
it happened
oh no we did a drive-thru scene though
and me and Andrew don't really want this
so we're just leaving it for Mary or
Aaron
a taco that would go bad in the mail no
just got back home with Brittany and she
made a delicious dinner we got spaghetti
squash with chicken in alfredo sauce
thank you so much for making this guys
if you haven't had spaghetti squash you
should try it literally well how would
you describe that it's a vegetable yeah
that looks like pasta right now we're
going to get some coffee
play some games at the our favorite
coffee shop in Colorado so let's go
ready
- don't engines do
there's Tyler and Becca they're joining
for coffee hey guys there's like no
parking around here we just parked right
there we don't know what's going on
coffee okay okay let's see how busy this
really is ivy would maybe there's a
wedding figured out why it's so busy
they're having like a talent show in
there or something but it's not busy
over here this place is seriously so
cool you don't even need to ask to get
water they just kept these like bottles
and you just grab them cups the super
chill eating area hang out and we're
here at the Hollywood feeders as you
guys know we've all going to the movies
so we are seeing the jungle book today
I've heard really great things about
this movie Brittney do you remember
seeing the animated has a kid it's been
like so long since that I loved that
movie
so we're meeting Tyler and Becky here
they invited us today see this movie
song
the movies about to start we'll give you
a price review chapter 13 and morning
The Jungle Book I just got back from
seeing it good movie I was just crazy
like remembering the songs and I haven't
even seen that movie since I was a kid
but I I would give it a like a seven and
a half out of ten not bad
what did you give her breath only
obviously the only human and mm-hmm
yeah they were like some big-time people
in that movie they're all animated peeps
but still that's probably like a good
rental movie I'd say but anyways moving
on we're going over to Britney's parents
house now what's in there beans beans
beans and then avocado and like your
eggs you know kind of it you accept but
the main ingredient is being which is
insane we haven't even tried yet this is
like an experiment so it's pretty much
like a cake and I'm surprised my parents
like they don't know what that what like
what's inside the cake and so I'm going
to film them eating it I'm hoping that
they like it
I'm all for healthy desserts so you
ready to go
Brett's whipping out the cake Brandon
how do you feel about the cake
first impressions yeah you haven't even
tried it yet not very good they're
guessing what's in the ingredients
you're all wrong outside is gonna be a
toilet explosion after you finish it
basically so get ready to go to the back
wings had a delicious dinner got some
wings chips and salsa
well that's all we got for you today but
before we go we're gonna open up to fan
mail letters like we've been doing
Andrew
start them off what do we got here this
is calling this Silver Bullet does the
silver bowl of cool prizes and there's
something I've seen wow that's a lot of
things
the subject is use it's me the hill I
don't know if that's right or wrong but
I wanted to show my artwork this breaks
us for Brandon oh all kinds of prizes
what's just all this is for somebody we
know just well I'm not gonna go over
everything but Mary Mark cosmetics
that's a channel for Mary all these cars
are for Erin their clue cards whoo cards
does Andrew and Aaron argue a lot do you
as much as brothers do does Justin have
a nickname it should be Jase - you got
it my New Year's resolution is to
cooperate more with my sister and prank
both of you through meal good bite you
know what to look out for but thanks so
much for the letter and the drawings and
the cool hoi a trading card yeah this is
awesome so thanks
you're more just too much dear more
juice dude my name is Joseph and I'm 11
years old my live in New York I've been
a huge fan of you ever since your first
trampoline video nice I check back every
couple of hours to see if you guys
upload a new video you make me feel like
going out and exploring the world more
that's a cool thing to hear that's what
I'm talking about I have made you guys
bracelets yeah yeah all kinds of
bracelets that's cool
I think he wants us to sign this and
send it back and then he drew a Broncos
logo oh yeah and he included a dollar
yeah with Broncos tattoos if Andrew
wants them no Joseph thanks so much for
the letter man I guess we will see you
guys tomorrow any video suggestions you
guys have leaving the comments below and
give a thumbs up for Andy's hat and
we'll see you guys tomorrow
yeah this video is sponsored by the IRS
morning vlogs but oh well
