who and what that's why he's barking
alligators and the trees again what's
your name big guy I'm eating outside is
a super warm
except it's supposed to snow like tons I
think it's tomorrow or Sunday it's not
cool oh I'm outside having a picnic in
my backyard look it's so nice out I
cannot believe that it is about to snow
they said Denver might get a foot of
snow the mountains are only four feet of
snow I just can't believe this
it's so nice today it doesn't make sense
what is up everybody welcome back to
vlogs that's doing oh my goodness yeah
yesterday I was on periscope having a
picnic right on the table down there so
it's pretty crazy that it's snowing
today I mean look at my lights like
little herbs
anyways get inside Buford it's kind of
snowing out here by the way so I've got
two coupons here for chick-fil-a
breakfast a burrito and a spicy biscuit
I don't know if I want both but I kind
of do so I might go get that but before
I go I want to play a song on the violin
for you
I've been practicing I've gotten a
little bit better so I'm gonna play one
song and then I'm gonna go get breakfast
because I'm hungry here we are
let's try no mess-ups okay okay
thank you that was amazing grace I know
my timing and stuff isn't like perfect
even the notes aren't even perfect but
yeah I've been practicing that and I
think I'm getting a little bit better so
I'm really stoked I printed off some new
songs I'm going to be trying so maybe in
a few weeks I'll play those okay now
it's time for breakfast and chick-fil-a
you're gonna have to stay here okay is
that okay with you
I think we're ready I actually really
enjoy driving in the snow and going out
in the cold it's fun you're right gum
I'm ready for breakfast so as you guys
already know it's snowing out dang it
but that doesn't mean the day is ruined
I wanted to show you guys our package
just arrived and check it out we've got
some new Vegas sport protein I just ran
out of our vegan sports so we got some
new ones and if you guys are looking for
any sort of protein for workout this is
like the only protein that we use it is
all plant-based protein we got mocha
chocolate and vanilla every flavor if
you guys haven't tried yet you should
definitely check it out I mean how could
you not want this gluten free no sugar
added non-gmo 30 grams of protein 6
grams of BCAAs and 6 grams of glutamine
yep definitely staying inside all day me
and Brittany are doing some spring
cleaning more like winter cleaning since
it's snowing out just cleaning up around
the house doing chores since it is at
the weekend right now so that's what
we're doing for the rest of the day
probably gonna work out later but might
not fall again just might relax you know
sometimes you're just gonna do that in
the weekends now let's head back over to
Andrew to see what he is up to
alright let's take a look outside now
what do you see out here what do you see
Parsi snow cold you can feel the wind
but I see fun and opportunity because
it's not always snowing I mean it's it's
not like this every day so I really want
to do something outside and fun I'm
gonna charge up the GoPro here we are
take a shower I have a couple ideas but
one's gonna be kind of fun so yeah let's
charge it up alright step one we got a
shovel the deck
here's the shovel here's the deck ah
and we're gonna push all the snow onto
the stairs
all right I got the deck all shoveled
and I put it all on the stairs you
probably know what's about to happen but
I gotta do some maintenance at the
bottom of the stairs all right I
finished it I just need one more piece
of equipment and this will be fun just
doing a quick periscope before I start
the adventure outside you know you live
in Colorado - that's epic
dad hi hi Bob hi from Trinidad that
Lithuania on periscope there's people
from all over the world watching so
that's really cool of me yeah you guys
are on the vlog
yoinks I'm just got a periscope for a
few minutes and then I'm gonna go
outside with my sled down the deck
stairs Oh whoo yes we're live on the
GoPro let's go take a look outside this
is the ramp hey don't go on the ramp yet
bud I can't wait yes I'm putting this
let down okay let's show me my moves
okay probably should have worn gloves
but oh well here we go
right when I went down I got scared that
maybe the front of the sled was gonna
get stuck in the stairs now it's just
gonna front flip down but it actually
worked that was fun
well it's about lunchtime so that was my
morning sledding down the stairs but it
was totally worth it you should always
remember how to have fun no matter how
old you get so that's why I wanted to do
today have a little bit of fun later
like around 6:30 I'm going to dinner
with Colton and Josh and his family it's
I hope it's still on because it's
snowing and windy but that'll be really
fun I've been watching a lot of survival
shows on the Discovery Channel I don't
know why but they're just really
interesting to watch I thought it would
be a really fun vlog if Justin and I
maybe this is probably better in the
summer but if we had to spend a night in
the woods like we get dropped off when
we had to like survive with just like a
couple items for a night I think that'd
be like a really fun vlog so if you
think that'd be a fun vogue leave a
comment or any ideas off of that idea
okay now I'm gonna open up a piece of
fan mail this is from Josh please don't
read on camera okay I won't read it on
camera I'll open up another one then but
thanks to letter Josh this next letters
from Dominic
hey for a bald Andy foundation let's see
if we got 18 cents not bad
dear Jase - please read on blog my name
is Dominic and I am from Vail Arizona I
would really like for you guys to make
another toilet paper for it uh-huh we
did that your pranks are so funny
my favorite prank is eating loud in the
library Andrew and Justin please hold up
the picture I drew so I can take a
screenshot I'll hold it up one more time
thanks for the letter okay I'm gonna
make a fire now because fires are really
nice to have when it's snowing outside
but the number one thing that you have
to remember when you're making a fire in
the fireplace
is you got to open the vent if you don't
open the vent this whole room is gonna
get smoky right Buford I just got a
whole new bag of wood so see what we got
yeah you can hear the wind coming
through the chimney you gotta have some
small logs to get it started and I got
some bigger logs to add on in a minute
hopefully this works for this sign
this side
that's a good fire so far this is nice
fire just relax Aaron and Nick are gonna
come over we're gonna play some games
and you watch a movie or something but
yeah I guess a little bit of work to do
as well and then dinner later tonight
and that's it so yeah thanks for
watching the video I don't know if it's
snowing where you're at but whether it's
snowing or being sunny I hope you
enjoyed your day and we'll see you guys
next time all right peace
there's someone right
