good morning everyone oh hey guys
welcome back and I know why you clicked
on this video you know it's exactly
about to happen
get pumped oh I just wanted to point out
of so last week we uploaded
double-decker toilet paper four and that
received 400,000 views and we've been
receiving in a crazy amount of like new
subscribers because I think of this
video
we're almost at we've almost gained like
20,000 subscribers in the last few days
which is insane thank you guys for that
and hello to all the new people who have
subscribed to this channel yeah and
that's why we wanted to make another
toilet paper for it they're really fun
and you guys like them so there you go
and we're thinking of we're trying to
think of new ways to make it different
so today we're going to Costco and going
to make like a house pretty much we are
in Costco we don't know how this is
going to work or if it will work so we
just got a seed first oh and Aaron
joined us as well stitches out today
yeah just got him out did it heal well
can you even tell it's there that's
another day now where's the toilet paper
aisle
do you guys know where the 12 paper else
okay this is perfect this is in the very
back so no one's here we can start
building a giant fart so what we're
gonna have to do is build an outside
wall right here and then walk in and
then there's my view will stand up in
this board a stand-up fort we can make
this happen follow us if we believe in
ourselves okay
Andrew what's the plan yeah we're kind
of struggling right now guys we're
trying to make this the door and see we
got the wall kind of going but a lot of
people keep coming so it's a little hard
but I think we're gonna make it work you
said there's what happened you can see
it the water bottles there it's like a
whole another wall so we can get like
these two rows a big you know the four
oh yeah how an L would ever find us and
let's get going
remember the tip we gave you guys if you
when you're making a toilet before you
need to have a double layered walls
because people tend to take layers off
your wall why do they do that her to be
like him he's about to take a layer off
and and there it goes
must rebuild due date going in our four
guys that's not for you sir
come back in the floor right now trying
to build up the walls
we got the wall pretty high just people
keep going through okay see how high the
walls are guys I think we're good on
height but now I need to move these over
here because people are obviously gonna
keep taking these and if we have a
second layer we're gonna be safe
there's someone right by he already saw
me but what we're doing making a fort oh
I don't think we could keep building
guys think they're getting mad at us
Andrew and Aaron are still in there but
Andrew and Aaron are still in there I
don't think we're gonna be able to
finish it because they keep bringing
more toilet paper
like and they're throwing it over our
wall and it's landing on Andrew there
they are
they escaped thank goodness so here's an
update on the fort it failed
Aaron and I we actually built like three
layers of walls and we could stand up
and no one could see us but then for
some reason they started to restock the
shelves at 4:30
so yeah you saw Justin the guy was just
taking apart our fort one piece at a
time yeah yeah we had to go so we're
gonna have to go like a different time
or something different day when they're
not restocking yeah yeah I'm so bummed
because it was like the best I mean at
least we got most of it done
it was yeah if they didn't start
restocking the shelves we could have
hung out there for a while a long time
yeah but no run it
we're down Whole Foods because later
we're going to do a cookout
so what's one of the food items this is
my favorite potato chip on the earth
bacon habanero it's not even that spicy
either just good so
bison bacon patties with sweet potato
fries and she
that's why best buy best buy we already
have those discs you look steelbook I
have that direct eyes the Game Capture
we wanted to come here to get AG a new
Game Capture because our Elgato if you
guys are subscribed to our gaming
channel it's kind of not that high
quality so I wanted to step up our game
they don't have it sorry Amy videos okay
go in now
I'm trying you're going to be hit with
the surprise and open the door don't
slip down the stairs now huh doesn't
apply I guess no more playing scroll
says the sun's still out this is a nice
course no this isn't you nah oh this is
new yeah not fully finished though they
need paths these are the T markers for
the tea box
terrible snake in here see it guys at
least it's not poisonous another snake
in the bush he's very small dope
there's a construction truck down there
can you see it should we all go and
explore it next time okay yeah all right
leave a comment if you want us to
investigate the weird mysterious machine
just got back to Andrews house and we
are letting the bison burgers fall out
so they're easier to cook and don't take
decades it also is nighttime out which
is pretty cool
lights going out here bacon meat good
night folks
what are you doing here
I'm making like a honey brown sugar
glaze to put my bacon whoa what an
experiment I know thank you
Aaron's getting his burger as well
ping-pong while we wait for Burks yes
you happy ern
yeah here we go folks
bacon bison fries well we're gonna eat
now and the vlog but before I do that
we're gonna open some letters
Meeny Andrew where each can open one
letter you guys send to our peal box
dear more just do I am Number 11 and I
did see the Star Wars movie it was
awesome it was almost full can you
believe that
so my dad and sister had to sit at the
side seats I really like your vids and
you guys and your vids are awesome make
that South Africa vid awesome
what is Daisy neutered yes that's random
I know your favorite beverage big all
right your bird your Bacon's on fire get
out there oh I should clearly be careful
open that be careful hey turn it up
Aaron turn off the grill
all right here just open this open
meeting I'm not touching my gas what if
you've done the veins going up there
weren't even flames when I make those
like fireworks in there Aaron your bacon
making us ooh what about Aaron oh my
gosh put some bacon on there my fault
big bacon looks like Anakin Skywalker
well I wasn't even now
no bacon fair I was wondering why it's
more like fireworks out there anyways
back to the family he included or she oh
this is some Travis he included a five
dollar bill what some minecraft trading
cards so thanks so much for watching the
Vince Travis really appreciate it
your doesn't injured I don't know if you
remember me or not but at the midnight
premiere of Star Wars support force
awakens you came to me and my older
sister in the concession line and aunt
and asked which one of us was more
excited for Star Wars do you remember
that angel yep they had that if you guys
remember watching the vlog dad the Star
Wars makeup on
thanks after my sister and I figured out
you're youtubers I really want to see us
on your vlogs and then they were so
funny it was nice to meet you and talk
star wars with you at the movie I'll
keep watching their videos and I haven't
stopped watching your videos since we
met you and I never will from Madison
that is epic you found our channel
thanks for watching Madison that's it
guys I guess we'll see you guys tomorrow
and we'll see you guys tomorrow sorry
Erin don't get naked leave a like leave
a like for Erin's long-lost bacon
alright guys so here's our top bun
you gotta get all that flip Cup on the
side
