hey everyone welcome back the challenges
I'm sorry we haven't done a challenge in
a while but we are back full force ready
to give you guys something you've never
seen before
hey Justin are you hungry yeah hey man
drew what do you want yeah yeah you yeah
what do you want to eat today maybe a
burger ah just a burger yeah is that
okay
I mean burner sounds good but we can
probably do better than that so a new
restaurant just opened up in our city
and it's called bad daddies and it's
really cool because you can create your
own custom burgers and they have all the
options here for you to pick from and of
course we looked at that and couldn't
pick a single option because they all
sounded so good yeah so we picked all of
them let's go to Baghdadi's and order
this burger right now
you ready yeah let's go
it's just arriving Andrew it here oh
good grief
oh my goodness what is that I don't know
all right guys so here's your top bun
you gotta get all that flip Cup ball on
the side
okay so the mountain tomato jam
green chilly
all right Lily we would like to present
you the $52 burger from Bad daddies oh
okay gave us every single topping
there's two 10 ounce patties yeah - ten
ounce patties fried bacon a fried egg I
mean here we'll just put a list of all
the ingredients real quick all of this
is on this burner as you can see it's
two halves so we need it like top it
okay
me and your both are really hungry right
now choose so so this probably won't be
that bad
well that's eye lift oh no got the paper
I think you guys it's okay guys oh my
god you take that knife off and hold the
fork down
all right now flip it oh there we go
ooh oh you got this why we just have to
figure out a split this night okay just
don't cut me hands off who knows maybe
this is the whole challenge can you just
cut it in half I think you made it
through the cheese layer I'm getting to
the meat layer now just so you know
there's like 12 cheese's on this burger
okay you were almost to the bottom layer
this is the weirdest Sam I think I got
it
okay okay good grief but we did it guys
Wow look at that thing whoa look at
these sauces on here got green chili
tomato sauce strawberry jam and queso ah
what's happening a bell no that's
strawberry jam
okay so which I love queso so this is
gonna make the burger even better once I
start I can't stop so I'm just gonna go
forward right here we go what if there
are so many flavors in my mouth when I
whoa what flavors are you tasting right
now all right
jalapeno mm-hmm you let me have a new
look by second yeah
cheesy gourmet fest is going on in my
mouth so for cheese but there is a
cheese party there'd be a cheese party
right now in my mouth
blah oh goodness
best cheese oh here's some avocados mmm
man I haven't even made a day this girl
asked me a couple of days you have to
finish it though oh it's the chili sauce
with the pineapple over on my am that's
a weird thing give her no this has just
become like a big pile of slop what's
your flavor reading right now honestly I
was expecting it to be just so confusing
the flavors but the flavor is good I've
spicy succulent sweet smoky all kinds
every sort of flavor
I just sense right now whoa ouch what ah
I just got a big pile of blue cheese
like it tastes terrible
ah why do we like ourselves any
beverages dang it what's up ooh I just
tasted peanut butter ah what trainee as
modest as you can
absolutely not there's something I for
me it's like we're we're gold miners and
we're finding new things whoa bacon what
is this in here pastrami
what I hope it doesn't destroy my
systems that's the only problem by here
referring to the bathroom yeah well that
and just being able to move yeah this
has the potential to just shut someone
down this challenge has never been done
before because they don't have
challenges a bad at that burger place so
we just made up a challenge if you have
bad daddies where you live I dare you to
try and do this challenge and complete
it who's feeling full blues my plate
that fits most of this is just cheese
how's this pile of cheese this is what
Jesus
I can't he just will bring my bubbly
clock form I can't do it right it's too
cheesy I'm almost done guys I feel
strange right now cheese mushroom sauce
that's also up on my plate I did you win
I'm in it
sure whatever here you can have some
cheese good grief
I'll give you a dollar to eat the whole
thing uh-huh will you rate this
experience I've had worse but this is
pretty good
you that was really good I just I feel
so full right now that's it
we basically finished it so yeah haha I
mean let us know what you think
obviously and if you want to see more
challenges like this food challenges
yeah cuz we like to eat thanks for
watching the video leave a like
I guess we'll see you guys next time if
you're not subscribed you click
Subscribe okay all right peace bike
