good morning everyone welcome back to
vlogs Andrew hey everyone what are these
these are all hover scooters yeah we
haven't written our hoverboards in a
really long time actually so mine's half
broken but it still works mine's very
dirty but it still works we are there's
actually the Air Force Academy
it's a Air Force Base we could get on
there if we wanted to but we're not sign
warning US Air Force installation let's
go read it guys this is intense it is
unlawful to enter this area without the
permission of the installation commander
what in this area is patrolled by
military working dog teams are you
serious there ain't no sneaking around
in there that's a bad idea but we got
our hoverboards out and we wanted to do
some off-road hoverboarding just try it
out why not so where are we this is the
Santa Fe Trail oh you gonna die Diane is
that there we go but first I have to
show you something this is a very bad
sign Andrew it says the West Nile virus
mosquito-borne virus is here what I
really don't want a disease so alive yet
well why they put this here that's from
years ago just okay fine we're here at
the trail why don't you try you have to
start on the sidewalk and drive up the
hill it's gonna be funny guys Andrews
gonna fall
ah it's okay this part of the trail you
can get up yeah look I come here we go
whoa we're gonna make a hoverboard of
dinner wheels I thought oh we have an
obstacle in the way how do we do how do
we do this this what and then you can
get back on your more please oh well
bumpy terrain who needs exercise right
when you got hoverboards not us ah oh
whoops also I want to point out my
boards kind of broken I don't know how
to explain it like it turns by itself
when I don't want to look oh sorry I
didn't mean to cut you off but there's a
ramp here what dude I got a film you
going off this and go whoa I'm gonna try
that ah
nice landing that was so fun yeah okay
here we go
you think you're a levy that's the time
to live to be the follow me
there's somebody actually walking on
this trail I bet when she walks past
he's probably thinking himself what are
these idiots doing
hi we found a bridge but you can see all
the cars now all right we're sick of the
trails we're taking it off roading folks
legit off-roading though good aah
this is so crazy
well we moved to a different location
and this is actually pretty cool area
check out the views it's like a little a
little rest stop off of the highway and
oh the rains coming Andrew wants to do a
cool trick where he goes as fast as he
can off this we need speed Andrew
well there goes your board
okay sir Andrew what you want to go
hoverboard on the highway yeah
alright let's go you guys dare us to go
on the off-ramp okay we're doing it here
we go
just kidding guys we're not going on the
highway that's very unsafe by the way we
just tricked you though
it's a prank you only read my finger we
want to see if you we would trick you
guys yeah this is an update of what you
guys can see soon we're doing a
challenge video we're doing a challenge
video and we're at the burger place
basically the challenge is should we
tell them now it just involved we won't
tell you the challenge but it involves a
massive amounts of food so we're going
to get that we figured we just do it now
because it's kind of lunchtime and then
we can work out later to get rid of all
the crap but we haven't done a challenge
in a while so hope you guys are excited
for this one yeah
now lock also another update in there is
some thunder and soon to be lightning
I'm assuming if there's thunder there's
lightning I think we can hoverboard
anymore yeah it's kind of dangerous to
be honest we aren't dangerous people we
don't do anything dangerous guys here we
are bad daddies this place literally
just opened I think it was like a week
ago or so so we'll keep you guys updated
so pretty cool so it involves this guy's
create your own burger you'll see soon
though we just ordered it and apparently
it's 52 dollars 41 cents 51
yeah
we just got back in the car and we have
the challenge I have it right in front
of me but I'm not going to show you guys
because we want to hype you guys up for
this challenge it's gonna be insane
ready to get your mind blown Jessica
back dangerous house and are about to
film this challenge for you guys oh my
gosh trying to get up with the chair
slid he fell that means he wants what's
on the table right now but you're not
getting it
you already ate four of Aaron's bagels
yesterday we didn't tell you guys that
ya entered on a box of bagels here
there's felt like eight bagels in there
yeah and we were playing ping-pong and
Buford was in the house by himself and
when we came in he already ate four
bagels there you go Buford you can't
have this you may want this but you
can't have this well we're just finished
the challenge how do you feel I'm not
hungry anymore
yes ma'am I feel like I don't know what
I feel like but no more food
I guess Oh quick update look at the
Ghost Pepper playing guys this is
growing very well it's gonna be ah it's
gonna be growing a lot of peppers and we
will do a challenge with them I'm not
looking forward to it also cilantro is
coming in nicely there's a little piece
right there whoa that's cool so making a
fresh watch just not that much so be
quiet
we are now at King Soopers because in
yesterday's vlog Mina and you're both
wanted to do a random giveaway so we're
gonna go get the stuff and choose the
people when we get back home for the
giveaway basically on our instagrams we
said just like our picture and we'll
send you guys a box of cool snacks in
random snacks
I'm talking about random so maybe I'll
fill something
who wants some vegetables you can just
send just this no mayor a big thing of
ranch that's so bad
yikes I'm gonna send some beanie weenies
here for first choice I got some ramen
flavoured maybe some depends I mean
they're only a dollar and it's a trial
so you can return them excited one
dollar coupon in the one dollar pack all
right we're almost done shopping and we
ran into a fan Owen
how's it going man how you doing doing
good just shopping yeah I just ran when
we came up to us and was like hey watch
your videos yes
we're like we'll put you in the vlog
it's great meeting you man yeah a good
one back home and here's the stuff I
picked that I'm going to send one of you
guys glue M&Ms that that's really good
round foundation sponges beanie weenies
Izzy and mouthwash so gonna have to
choose somebody now what did you get
Andrew down I got ramen it has a kid to
burying some deodorant cool Hot Wheels
car a quest bar and Izzy kool-aid and a
dollar off coupon for Velveeta cheese I
guess I'll go first it was this picture
we post it I'm going to do is just click
on the likes I'm going to load all of
the likes and so I'm just going to keep
scrolling randomly for a while
five four three two one
this person B M white 28 I'm not sure
your name is B M white but I'm gonna
send you a message right now hey man
you won the random giveaway just send me
your address and I should be the package
sent he's scrolling Evan Evan Evan Evan
well you have to send him a message
I am sending Evan a message good this is
a Driscoll file it was this picture so
if you liked both our pictures you have
two to chance of winning Oh true double
your chances anyways this was just a
really simple fun giveaway if you guys
want us to do more giveaways like this
let us know because we can do giveaways
on our YouTube channel Twitter can just
do them anywhere really and it'll be fun
we can do random stuff like we did this
giveaway anything else you have to say
Andrew yeah
what oh okay anything else yep say er no
no me either
but Andrew does I forgot all right well
yeah just just remember guys don't worry
about that thing it happens okay we'll
see you guys tomorrow
good bye
