hey guys welcome back to vlogs it is
almost 7 o'clock 7 p.m. here and I'm
getting ready to go up to Denver because
this weekend is Denver Fashion Week here
in Colorado and Britney's actually
walking in to she's doing two walks
during the show and I am so excited
because last week she did a runway show
and now this week she's doing another
fashion show so it's gonna be really
cool and obviously I'm gonna try and get
the footage of her walking so you guys
can see it but that's what's happening
right now so I'm going to bring up our
prank camera and film the scenes of her
walking on this because it's got a lot
better zoom than this blog camera so
this will be cool Tomi and Mary have
made it to downtown Denver where the
fashion show is happening
I guess it's right up here we still
probably got some time before Britney
walks but we'll get to check it out at
least
boo they got a mini red red carpet
Wow got our wristbands now we gotta go
check-in
what this is so cool wow we get to take
a picture what the heck
this event sponsored by 303 apparently
just got our picture for some reason
this is still how do you feel Mary I
know I didn't know we're like VIP this
guys ready to see this one this is so
cool the runway
three samples yes jalapenos skinny
popcorn non-gmo I'll take it
good start soon
I'm dirty see
mentioned that
we can permission break and then
Brittany goes so because we have a quick
intermission being very got way better
seats here it's just so nice American
see
this is Brittany's
yeah
gee yelling
I'm so proud of Brittney guys she did so
amazing her second show so good hey guys
so it's a new day now and me and Andrew
are in Denver right now
why we're doing a I want to say a
workshop but it's really like an
in-depth acting class yeah so it's it's
really fun so far we just had the first
half now we're getting some lunch at
Chipotle
there you go I do I just want to show
you guys something really thank you
favor for this one just walk into it
okay that may help it over better good
evening I'm eighty-eight complaint the
grand jury accept chance to review the
case and the evidence and as decided
against the idea
well everybody thanks for watching
today's vlog as always and shout out to
all the new people who recently
subscribed to our Channel
yeah what happened oh no here I'll show
you we don't know why but Sunday we
gained four thousand five hundred and
ninety-two subscribers so how like where
did this come from I don't know but you
can see it's like it's a big
inconsistency yeah but yeah like just
I'm saying if you're new thanks me and
Andrew have some more fun ideas for a
vlog this week since our toilet paper
video has been doing so well and you
guys love it we're thinking about
stepping up our game and going to Costco
or Sam's Club and doing a big toilet bit
before there how does that sound that
sounds really fun like that I never even
thought of that idea thanks for leaving
comments we've been reading through them
I just we appreciate all your kind words
and everything and sticking with us
we have some cool plans in the works and
are excited to tell you about them so
stay tuned and before we end the vlog
just want to say I feel like giving
something away today on my Instagram you
yeah I'm doing that as well both of us
so our links to our instagrams are on
the description we're probably an
opposed to photos soon and just gonna
give away something because why not
might be something extremely random but
cares it'll be fun so leave a like and
we'll see you guys tomorrow don't forget
you have to know yourself before you can
go whatever that means to you
goodbye
