whoa oh sorry
hey it's okay welcome back to bogs guys
we have a fun one for y'all today who
knows what's gonna happen I do at least
guys we're in Walmart we were shopping
the other day and we came across this
product that was like so cool that we
had to pick it up for a vlog Pizza not
oh right we have to go find it why man
one of our favorite section it's the toy
aisles there's her tank you find it
product selling out yes look how Meg
have boxing gloves one pair included so
so I need one and you need one yeah how
do you know what color you got which is
surprise that's fun oh this is red blue
like these kids are having so much fun
so that's what we're gonna try and do
today yeah also coming soon this fort
friday that yep
I mean I guess wow this is like science
experiments we used to do like a few
science experiments on this channel I
think we should do some more if you have
any good science experiments leave them
in the comments huh
obviously we got two pairs of gloves to
beat each other up but there's other
stuff we could beat up too like just
thinking we could get like some fruit or
veggies and see if we can either explode
them
hit them very far so I got this random
yellow Apple which is
so grabbed a tomato that might blow up
it also grabbed a key eight whoa what
will happen to this if we punch it with
all our might it will explode I feel
like we should try this for a vlog black
seaweed peel and you're not allowed to
shave beforehand it's okay
so we're gonna head to a park nearby and
punch these items who I'm really curious
to see what happens
me too what do you guys think is gonna
happen sometimes people in parking lots
are just very confused yep
also it's very very cold outside
temperature says 17 degrees Fahrenheit
and negative 9 degrees Celsius for those
in the different part of the world my
goodness it's cold so it's gonna be a
cold part day we got blood these
punching bags or things I mean I - time
for a quick Gary Poppins power boost you
guys watched our gaming livestream
that's the new terminology that was Gary
Poppins man yeah like Oh Gary Poppins
this weather is Gary Poppins
I'm not sure how big these are going to
because they some pictures can always be
deceiving
but these are little babies aren't here
oho dude these look pretty big oh it
comes with two well yeah I got a this is
who now we got a brawl these things up
it won't sup up yes what's the age limit
we got em all blowed up the images
weren't lying these are actually very
big yeah Wow now let's go outside and
see what kind of power these bring
before we do other Gary Poppins yeah you
can't really tell on camera but I
starting to snow a little bit so that
equals more fun yeah let's go guys a new
science lesson since the car was super
warm we came out here and all the airs
like look they're like deflating cuz
it's so cold outside throw the Apple
okay give me this
here it comes in three
okay redo their switch hands ready the
whole hill what kind of damage you did
that to the apnea dude these are
powerful I can barely breathe it's so
close okay
town for the tomato oh mylanta
it is so cold outside guy broke you
broke the glove with the tomato I
literally thought we could do this
experiment outside but it is way too
cold
oh and oh the tomato still out there I
don't know what happened to it okay I'm
gonna go check on the tomato we got a
feed aftermath we will show you guys the
full glove at the house because it's
just too cold right now okay what
happened it did blow up right through
that thing I was a good punch
except my glove blew up let's go home
finally some warmth now show me what you
did hold the sauce impersonal I think
he's just cuz the plastic was so frozen
you like ripped that way far dude it
blew open I was hauling like this is he
scared of it kind of you have to have a
battle student
but seven Gani province the party
talking at the world my
I'm scared
the golden moon go to Dale
okay so we're gonna do some test punches
to see how powerful this glove is on the
box it says painless punches I think
that's what it says so let's see now you
can do like they're trying to figure out
what the best like way is like just lay
or just hit me in the stomach give me a
punch give me your best blow daisy daisy
popped your dog do you want to verse me
or what who me yeah you yeah
what happened
Oh wrong with these gloves gloves last
slight one second
we paid 6 bucks for these so I guess it
makes sense why they don't last how long
but really punches and it blows up look
free here guys you can wear this as a
sock Mimi come on come on
oh wow oh it's strange the strangest boy
guys they just released a sneak peek of
the new fortnight map whoa and it looks
so fun
we'll probably stream the new fortnight
map when it comes out right yeah so yeah
so go subscribe to goop squad gaming
guys we are calling customer service
gloves broke immediately we were
punching an apple yeah push a tomato and
my glove blew up the plunge what is that
I was just calling about the Banzai
inflatable gloves
ah I was just making a youtube video
with my friend and you were punching
fruits in the whole glove like blew up
it like ripped so what do I do
Walmart we were about to have a boxing
fight with me and my friend and then
yeah kids just for playing
we shouldn't have punched fruit and
vegetables with that okay thank you
right I was hoping he's like let me send
you like a hundred yeah I'm so sorry
about that it's not supposed to do that
buddy punch room we haven't tested it
with fruit yet but thank you for helping
us out
that's my lunch it's time for lunch guys
I love lunch yeah yeah the microwaves I
can hear that's awesome anyways I'm
cooking chili so thanks for watching
just look at that steam well let's eat
I'm for a lunchtime fun mode see you
guys this is way you descended like TV
and entertainment you do board games
have you played this game in anagrams
I've played this a couple times I'm so
bad at it and so am I so who's gonna win
oh and go hey you can't talk that loud
why cuz you're confusing me well that's
not a rule we play a few games Britni
joined us as well
next up mine yeah so I'm surprised that
I even did this oh well I think this is
the end we're gonna do something we
haven't done in a while and that is
comment of the day whoa we got a comment
picked out from Jonathan you want to
read it yeah Jase dude you're the best
I see almost every video and laugh at
all of them keep up the great work
I've been watching for three years and
it's been amazing how this channels
grown y'all should do an unboxing video
and a for Dad wow we should do another
unboxing video and a fork but three
years you've been watching thanks man
that's that's awesome you have to
appreciate it appreciate everybody that
leaves a comment
and remember we're gonna go live on our
gaming channel here very soon google on
gaming link in the description if you
want to watch and join the fun yeah it's
gonna be great
good bye peace out
