how's it going everybody welcome back to
vlogs good morning everybody and thanks
so much for coming back to watch today's
vlog and hang out with us the day just
started I just finished breakfast and
doing some morning reading and I just
got a phone call saying that Aaron cut
his chin at school and may need stitches
and they can't get him hold my parents
so I had to go pick them up and see what
the deal is this is going to be
interesting Buford I'll be back we have
to go save Aaron he's in danger to find
Aaron
where's that met Aaron what did you do
oh we were just playing soccer on the
tennis courts and the tennis courts have
you know was that like hexagons you know
like fencing uh-huh that is yeah we were
playing soccer and I had the ball and
Samir came up and just pushed me in the
back just went up and gashed my face on
the fence
ouch I know well do we have to go to the
doctor you think I've no idea I haven't
seen it but they're making me go home
all right
Aaron's taking his car he's gonna meet
me back at my house and then we'll take
a look at the injury take it all it's
tough tonight we have to assess this
Henry stuck them in hairs if only you
shaved yeah you can do it all you just
have to do it fast like a band-aid can't
even get a hold of it
uh-huh I see blood oh yeah she needs
stitches
let's go holy crap uh-oh
jeez let's go so this happened in PE
yeah that's funny you remember when I
was in high school and I was in PE oh
you were in volleyball warn you it was
foot we were playing a flag football is
football week and I broke my finger when
I was reaching for someone's flag I went
in like this and hit their hip bone and
it broke my finger
I remember they're trying to like
relocate your finger and stuff like that
yeah they had I here hold that
I'll show you Fisher is this finger but
like this part I see this joint it was
down and like under that way so they had
like pull the bone and pull it oh that's
terrible yeah so I don't know I guess
it's a family thing we just get injured
in PE at school all right well where are
my keys as you guys know I recently got
hired to do a commercial shoot here in
Colorado so I'm acting and today we're
doing the shoot it's a PSA for Colorado
like a smoking PSA and so I got my
script here some different outfits I
don't know if I'm going to be able to
film too much but I will try to get some
good footage for you guys you mean art
so just made it in we're in the makeup
and hair room here with Keegan and the
makeup Jenice that's right she's doing
our hair and makeup today making us look
fabulous at and you just look stunning
right now oh yeah go and I'm next that
her we're at the earth
and this is the door yes you can shoot a
mountain um yeah I got pushed into a
fencin up relax
I never you have it's huh I think we
should like silk so stitches it is a
yeah yes you're just joking that the
doctor handed pull the band-aid off and
it was stuck like on the side so that
was like the worst pain it was worse and
you get an actual cut it was taking the
band-aid off like we got some TV yeah
she's cooking like peaches or something
like a peach cobbler oh wow I do want
that moving the makeup he's getting
makeup looking way better now wait I can
imagine doing this every day like girls
yeah here we are guys they got the red
camera we're on the holy crap you're
white okay now it adjusted vampire yeah
get this white wall white disappear into
white this is nice set up before we
shoot we got some real-life Panera Bread
feel up almond chicken salad yes Hallion
combi so make good choices to go well
vlog ception
what did you get I got like a banana man
and then ham and cheese sandwich can't
go you're gonna get a free roll all done
while I was doing it I could like feel
like this like one like cinch up close
together I was weird I didn't feel it
like pain or anything
smells good I wanted to film him get
into stitches but then after I I filmed
the numbing shot I was like all right
I'm not going to film anymore it's just
too uh I don't know if you guys have a
weak stomach but stitches yeah he's got
like a fishing hook he's gonna like no
go on that side then pull the string
through then go on that side and pull
this yeah what a great friend
mm-hmm yeah that's nice I'm gonna look
old for four now and a half cool I
changed shirts the yellow made me look
too pale getting ready to shoot guys
laughs I gonna take it mm-hmm a long
time how'd it go dude right offset yeah
you're black off the press look at this
shot yeah yeah we should probably
outside doesn't my makeup just look
fabulous
okay back to shooting just on a
five-minute break
hey how's the show going guys oh oh now
how does you guys it's going good
yeah oh not that way
whoa whoa guys it's Thursday which means
acting class in Denver so I gotta go all
right
yay rush-hour traffic sweet we're going
so fast oh my goodness
we just finished up the commercial shoot
how do you think it went man I think
weren't really good yeah you were
terrible but oh yeah no when you did
pretty bad yourself
I'm it takes with you I think we did
like 15 takes total but we'll keep you
guys updated
obviously it probably won't be out for
at least a month so yeah we'll link you
guys when the video is up obviously yeah
go check it yeah you have a vlog channel
I love watching what is it fairly
everything I've got two videos up right
now two videos yeah but you are he does
have the logic I'm starting I'm starting
something like a beginner well tell him
what your blog channel is okay so it's
TV Keegan
so TV ke g am go subscribe dude yeah
he's just started coming nice then maybe
we'll act in more stuff together
cuz if you do the con yeah was fun
hanging with you man
well that was such a fun shoot guys I
can't wait to show you the finished
product I haven't got the makeup off so
I feel a bit different right now and
it's 4:40 and since it's Thursday every
Thursday we have acting class up here in
Denver and it doesn't start till 7 so I
got about at least 2 hours until class
so I don't know what I'm gonna do
I might just go chill at a restaurant
for a bit yeah cuz I don't want to dry
it down that takes an hour I know know
why a lot of girls love makeup though
because my skin just so flawless you
can't see any acne or anything it's
awesome but I'm not gonna continue
wearing makeup I just thought I'd point
out yeah I'm going to bad daddy's burger
place it's right near acting class and
I still have an hour to eat but goodness
it is such a beautiful day out there's
no wind it's just hot there's bad
daddies yes
Andrews on his way up right now to
Denver so I'll probably meet me here yes
sir no texting Oh
we still got about 30 minutes till
acting class or invest by right now
thinking about buying Star Wars kind of
desperate guys they do have $5.99
blu-rays boo school rock that's good
okay we have this movie here for $15
just walk right over here guys and what
is this was all the ones DVD no array
and it's the same thing for six dollars
who did this I'm doing it guys steelbook
edition got it guys and I only paid
eight bucks for it it's normally 30 was
until last time where are they guys it
was a point yet guys yes three line
scenes folks we're doing what dangerous
making some time to wheel around dragons
dragons
Oh little more tail action we believe it
Superman would be scared of my heat this
eggs exes I thought I'd be one cuz is
the best form of protein you know the
neighbors are watching not back home now
and I am so hungry my own grandma bella
MD but I want to show you this just came
in the mail this is so cool yes you know
what this is this goes on top of the
camera on the microphone and it blocks
all the wind sounds so I am so excited
to have this is going to create so many
better audio outside vlogs and it comes
with a sticker I'm testing to see if you
can hear me
I think there's a little bit of wind out
here so hopefully there is some wind
come on wind yes or just outside no
saying oh there's some good wind can you
hear me okay guys ah what's up what
Buford here's the audio I took the wind
the micro buff off the windscreen great
well if you can hear a difference
you hear the difference maybe sounds
pretty windy hopefully difference
anyways Buford well thanks for watching
today's vlog guys but before we go hold
up we got a call a few of you on
snapchat since we said we would so here
are the people we chose but hope you
answered oh we can hear through the
phone hello oh hey how's it going it's
going great
we're doing so good we decided to call
you because we see your comment like all
the time and you say you've been
watching for like four years right what
hey what's your favorite video we've
ever done I love your guys's twelve gay
perverts but what do you guys like doing
eating in the library I'm like
constantly like checking to see you I
have your notifications on so
notifications squad Wow
hello can you hear
I can't can you hear me yes are you in a
tunnel oh alright I didn't realize it's
gonna be a video chat I'm in this
insanely dark room for some reason so
I've been watching all y'all's videos
and I've been through almost all of the
prank ones I've started going through
the vlog ones and I've watched a couple
of the gamer ones Wow can you hear us
yes yay hey hi how's it going oh good
yes that's good how long you been
watching um since November oh nice
what's your favorite video so far
probably all of the toilet paper forts
that's it we'll see you guys tomorrow
good bye we're doing some really fun
tonight so your night you don't want to
miss this they Duvall's trip leaves
we'll see you tomorrow
Wow way to spoil it never mind the
first-ever double decker
toilet paper fort go oh I'm ready
very close the door no no no nunu
