yo hey oh hey do you guys want to follow
me on snapchat real quick I don't have
oh you can be in my snapchat though guys
we're just doing a snapchat
hi I was wondering if you wanted to be
in my snapchat story because I'm really
boring by myself okay yeah I don't know
if you are wanting to do that what is it
first snap chat like I just trying to go
viral so I don't know what that means
okay do you want to sure you just start
a picture or what I don't know what do
you think oh hey guys um we're trying to
go viral on snapchat so guys sick do you
want to follow me on snapchat sure yes
all right I thought my friend was there
he's not home yet so yeah all right
thanks yeah yeah oh hi um this man was
wondering if you have any extra apples I
don't have any apples no extras I want
it I don't have any apples engine
I'm a little sad because I'd like some
apples oh if he finds any extra apples
you want me to give them some to you too
sure
okay I like apples hi I'm doing a crazy
glue experiment for science fair do
y'all help in that I'm just basically
putting glue all over a whiteboard yeah
uh yeah cuz the crazy glue experiments
supposed to go viral is anybody else
home yeah yeah do you guys wanna have
like a meeting real quick I have a quick
question uh uh d-dead are you guys
coming over to Mom's for pot roast moms
yeah never even heard but yeah mom's
making pot roast you guys are coming
this is Joe I go for it we meet Oh
mama did yeah mom what is that my mom
really yeah
she's making pot roast you never come I
mean I violated a mile high my dad's a
bit of a spaz
I'm making some pastrami melts is that
something that Cassandra wanted or hand
yes oh wait
is Jackie home Jackie is not home oh my
god oh stop I got a violin here
hi um do you know where Spence's bye-bye
Spence he's my friend
also dad said that we're I know how to
come over anymore do you have any spare
apples no do you like apples in your
lasagna well that's I thought that's how
you make it
no bananas period no bananas period okay
sorry about that yeah that's okay thanks
okay I don't know who else is joining
I'm not doing anything but okay yeah are
you - hi good meet Melissa that have
known Melissa no that way not on this
floor
let it's back at my place I'm making
lasagna well thanks for watching the
extras so we didn't have too much vlog
footage so that's why I put the extras
first and now we're going to show you
the blog footage we got so grab some
popcorn and we'll see you at the end
good morning minions Andrew hey minions
we are back at it doing some new pranks
this week we were we're watching a few
of our older videos this morning and
getting a little inspired we are looking
at the old awkward college videos we did
so I think for this week's prank we're
going to do some sort of awkward dorm
situations should be really fun Andrew
brought us viola and we have a bag of
just random stuff so we'll see how she
goes house pranking go in so far very
well
this only problem is coming in the
hallways you they pretty much have to
see me filming in order to get their
face otherwise I just have to hide and
doesn't anything doesn't happen but it's
so funny did you
don't once well guys just go back home
and it's raining we left Buford outside
hurry get him he's been crying I'm sorry
we didn't feel much at the college but
I'll show you guys a quick preview of
what we did Phil maybe a Bert this here
you doing out there holy crap she's
happy yeah these are a really yummy
snack by the way mmm it's really windy
outside now it's time to watch better
call Saul
I really like this show it's pretty
interesting because I like breaking bad
so it's really fun to watch
ah oh my goodness
you
okay I need some gas so today is a very
special day because wait wait stop it
why is today a good day huh
we're gonna buy Star Wars yeah
Star Wars is out on blu-ray going go go
go go go go go go go go quick pit stop I
can already see BBA in the store I'm
guessing he has the movies good Yoda
when I was jumping over this one this is
the steelbook collector's package this
is awesome this is what we want yeah oh
yes yeah oh gosh it's really windy out
but it is starting to rain and it smells
good
I actually really like rain and much I
prefer it over snow but I'm a King
Soopers right now because I got a good
something you could put bursaries so
Britney sent me a list of some things to
get because she's making some mails she
needs two cans of chickpeas
oh here we are chickpeas but not Kroger
I do not like that brand at all live
better this is my kind of section do
they have chickpeas though correct
found some organic in non-gmo cool also
got to get Daisy some food and we've
been giving her this Rachael Ray nutrish
supreme food
birddog Star Wars came out today two
guys I really want to get it but I don't
think I'm gonna get it here because it's
$25 for the regular blu-ray and at Best
Buy it's $25 for the steelbook so ha
just gonna calm Brit what did you look
like good your hair is fine good those
curls they are not holding up but yeah
guys look I know we haven't you haven't
seen her room too much but Britney just
got what is this a whole new set up bed
set up it's all wrinkly and kind of like
not very pretty right now but um yeah
like a new bed set
cuz when we had Daisy she peed on her
other one and I was never able to and it
was ripped and I couldn't yeah so I wish
you wouldn't have peed Oh another one
I just way better this was like super
reasonable for SNU she soft looks good
and and you got dinner cooking what's on
the menu over here you are chilly what
yes
I'm such a good little housewife Buford
let's go let's go inside he's not submit
yeah let's love this Sun it's supposed
to be pretty warm today
hey let's go sit oh this is so nice whoa
well you're in it it's outside spiders
man there is big spider what is that
that's called the ranch so there's like
a jumping one it's just pokum
oh yeah jumping just push them off this
year you have to go you have to go now
come on
hey it's not late awesome spider smarter
than you think
really ah shoot huh calm yourself it
isn't jumping you dork I flicked him huh
there is tell him to get out of here we
don't want you here dude
I think you killed him how did I kill
him so as you guys know snapchat has
some new features where you can call
your friends on snapchat what we want to
do is a snapchat contest where basically
you guys leave some funny comments for
us down below and in your comment
include your snapchat username and in
tomorrow's vlog we will pick two of you
to call for snapchat on snapchat we'll
call two of you yeah Justin's gonna pick
one and I'll pick somebody
so again leave a funny comment with your
snapchat username and obviously you have
to be following us on snapchat will
leave the links right in the description
so you can click it and maybe we'll talk
to you yeah so two more Jace do
- Justin Andrew I've been subside for
four years and my fav bit is eating
loudly in library my birthday is on July
12 almost coming up soon can you make
another toilet report video yes and you
guys are my favorite YouTube's in the
world when you make another time poor
video I'm from England in the southeast
oh okay
dad my name is Harvey boy thanks Harvey
presenting a letter all the way from
England hi my name is Aiden I'm 9 years
old and I'm from Michigan I've been
watching you guys for almost a year and
my favorite videos are your pranks they
make me happy when I'm sad
and if I'm not sad I just get a good
laugh you guys are amazing you guys
should never stop making vids and you're
go bald PS we remember man this is an
old letter is Edgar wet ball poo look
you drew this oh that's really good job
man for being 9 years old that's really
good
so set an envelope I think he wants us
to sign these pictures because he wants
us to sign these pictures Andrew and me
will do that for you man thanks for
including a letter for us to send back
this is the end of the vlog so bye
goodbye now
