well good morning everybody and welcome
back to vlogs today is a big day because
as you guys know Britney got in a runway
show and it's happening today
how're you feeling I'm really excited
for and we're gonna I'm gonna be
vlogging the whole experience it's
happening tonight at like 7:00 and she
has to be there at 1:00 and we're not be
there at 1:00 she's leaving at one it's
1250 right now hey Daisy
yeah it's gonna be a really fun vlog
today guys bye Britt I love you too I'll
see you soon okay best of luck to you
thanks babe
so I'm at my parents house now because I
need to get a haircut and that's why my
hair is looking fabulous right now you
need to get a little cut because once my
hair gets to like a certain line it
starts going way out of control
I just got it cut a little bit I didn't
do to anything to different because I
have my commercial shoot coming up on
the 7th and I don't want to do anything
like that'll make me look different
there's mom she's giving dad haircut
right now so probably after this shoot
I'll get a little different haircut like
shorter around the sides but we'll see
since the weather is so nice today look
at the carwash line oh my goodness
but this card does need a wash so I have
to wait I just paid and they have a
twenty dollar car wash man you crazy
twenty bucks for a car wash no thanks
yeah let's crank the jams darn it no
service in here
nevermind
guess we're just party by myself
all done and the car is looking fresh
got it vacuumed shiny smells good in
here
yeah so I am here with we're here is
that like it's 1:30 you're super early
and I'm gonna show you the process and I
guess just gonna film what like ants
perspective and I read some the behind
the scenes and then we'll make a nice
little video for you guys snacks right
here just got already showered up I
thought I'd dress nice for the occasion
since it is a fashion show I want to
look good and since it's Brittany's
first runway I am just so excited and
this is I feel like this just fits
really well but before I leave I think
I'm gonna leave in about 40 minutes I
was looking at some of the comments from
yesterday's vlog and I saw one of the
comments was saying how we were focusing
more on the negative comments and I
think you are completely right I feel
like we should have focused mainly and
only on the positive comments but we
chose to focus on the negative comments
because we wanted to use those comments
as an example and that was wrong we
should have used the positive comments
as an example of what was being done
right in this situation so I do
apologize that we gave off some negative
vibes yesterday but I promise that we
are going to try and focus only on
positive comments from now on so if
anything is positive going on in your
life or if you have to say anything
positive about the vlog you're watching
maybe we'll feature it in comment of the
day but I just thought I'd say that to
you guys okay I'm doing a periscope and
every time I do this everyone wants to
be in the vlog guys it's blurry so hold
on there we go
I'm just being quiet so you guys can
leave comments so if you sell your name
I'm hoping you did otherwise it's okay
okay so I just got done periscoping with
everybody I was so fun but I wanted to
show you guys something and I showed
them on periscope I don't know how long
you guys have been subscribed but I miss
doing these type of videos so I'll just
show you a quick preview so if you
haven't seen these we just do like
literally a compilation of the most
random things you could ever imagine
we've done like three of these I think
anyway so what I'm trying to say is
we're gonna start doing them more okay
maybe once a week once a month I don't
know but we're going to do it again soon
whether you like it or not just made it
to downtown Manitou Springs just parked
got to pay for parking now
are you ready to get your makeup done
so awesome
so this is where Brittany will be
walking down
we're life snacks guys
there's got my hair done didn't show you
the process that's okay
thought I would change something I'm not
completely done I thought I would show
you guys some of my friends and they're
here come on girl show that hair up look
at that and you have pretty good your
hair guys currently it is 754 we've been
here since 7 but the show doesn't start
till 8:30 so we've kind of just been
chilling out for a bit
my parents are coming and my sister and
Brittany's mom's already he or she rode
with me and Teixeira's coming so it
should be a really fun evening
I just learned back to makeup and then I
finished my makeup and then all I do is
do my lips and I'm going back to here to
finish my hair Jenna show us the hair
turn around we're done and we're just
waiting there
dad Brittany's mom
kanan mom arrived
we just did like our first thing and I
guess we're walking for all the cheeks
and I guess there's like nine or I don't
know how many or so like we're not
really informed about too much but I
just cannot wait like so excited I feel
like getting a drink or something to eat
now is the time because in five minutes
we are beginning take your seat my girls
here to watch you crazy if you got
crazier
we all have amazing blue lips oh there's
some food
yeah
now that
this started me scream if you have a
seat
we are really really really excited to
have you all tonight and I am so excited
to see this green so Pat me someone tell
Hercules to go back to the dungeon
there is a game is on point a
we won't agree
guys
I'm only
Britany OMG
you killed that show how was it your
first time ever I was telling Justin
like the first time I walked I it was so
nervous it got offstage and I couldn't
even get up so I had to have someone
help me simple oh my gosh you as you
guys saw she did so many walks so many
beautiful outfits I was just like I'm so
proud of you so freaking good and I know
you guys are too so leave some awesome
nice comments for Britney she would love
to see you in comments yeah right now
we're at King Soopers cuz we literally
have an 8 in any food and she hasn't
eaten like all day so it's like yes so
food shows relaxation yes well guys
that's it for today's vlog I hope you
guys had fun hanging out with us and
watching Britney's first Fashion Show
she actually has a new fashion show
another fashion show this weekend this
upcoming weekend and this one's even
bigger than the one you just saw it's
called Denver Fashion Week and she's in
what do you say to walks in the upcoming
one oh I'll obviously get them and
you'll probably see pictures soon on
Britney's Instagram of the outfit so if
you haven't followed us on Instagram
I'll leave the links in the description
just click the down bar and we hope you
guys have a great rest of your week
and day stay happy because you can
goodbye Mary Isaac and I are going on an
adventure adventure
rush you're going to two places we're
going back to the mall
