good morning everybody I wanted to vlog
today's breakfast because it's gonna be
good
mmm last night Mary and I used our bread
maker for the first time and we made a
homemade loaf and this is so good we
tried some last night wall so we're
gonna make french toast with it and yeah
I just wanted to show you that so here's
the eggs okay so usually Mary and I go
to church on Saturday night but we
missed it yesterday so we're gonna try a
new church today which we had never been
to which is new life yeah it's like the
biggest Church in our city so we're
gonna try it out today I don't know we
usually come here for usually come here
because they do it Easter play called
that thorn that's a long time I've ever
been here
service section 1 this is how big it is
in hearing
yes let's check out the bookstore we did
get here about twenty minutes early so
we need to look around
cool I'll have a cafe got a seat there's
three minutes until it starts we'll see
how it goes
are back from service I thought that was
actually pretty good
what do you think yeah I think it's
really interesting because that church
is so big and there's so many people and
then the church we go to it's just
really small so it's so different but
still really good so anyways we're gonna
go get lunch and some of you guys were
asking about the ghost pepper plant and
here he is
yeah they care about those pepper plant
I mean I think he's doing pretty well I
mean this is a sprout this is I mean
there's like four things going on here
what expired what this expired no but
here's the cilantro yeah it's really
cool we've got a lot of little sprout
ease in there oh there's tons more know
just how this one this morning but now
there's these two yeah how does it grow
so fast
hopefully by having our own place we can
learn how to be better planters and
farmers these seeds to do as well we
have sunflower seeds beets carrots so
it's getting warmer outside today is a
very warm day so we're gonna go spend it
outside you know just hanging out so
yeah is that Buford's if you forget
you're bummed marry Isaac and I are
going on an adventure adventure
I should go into two places we're going
back to the mall to do something fun but
first we're going to a barbecue Mary's
friend is having at her apartment
complex we're here well is it cool like
a little fire pit and I think they're
over there but we don't know how to get
over there is that watermelon good yeah
watermelons tasty this is Mary's friend
Becca and they are part of a group here
on campus called love your melon and
trying to find someone to explain it a
little better but they sell beans yeah
so explain but here's all the beanies
for love your melon so they're gonna
explain what love your melon is like to
college students and it's Vaughn
missions put a half every child battling
cancer
and they achieve that another to
represent the proceeds from every hat
purchased goes to pinky-swear Foundation
as well as cure I'll provide immediate
support families as well as funds some
of the top basically if you buy a hat
you're helping kids with cancer
perhaps - oh nice
I'd remembered a credit University of
Colorado Colorado Springs to check out
eBay yourself
they're writing cards for Logan it's his
birthday and he is in remission for
cancer so that's what they're doing
right here
sweet we're on our way to the mall now
but love your melon that's a really cool
company I think there's like each
college campus has a different like kind
of sub like group for love your melon so
I know there's hundreds of college
campuses around the United States that
has a love your melon group so if you're
in college you probably know of them but
yeah I'll leave a link in the
description if you want to go check them
out their hats are really cool the UCCS
one because they're awesome and if you
buy a hat it fifty percent of it goes to
you know funding research and you know
helping kids with cancer so I think
that's really cool this way ah my camera
we took some really cool pics
mainly because Isaac was looking like a
stud yeah I'm gonna post one in a little
bit we're just gonna post one
on Instagram yeah
Old MacDonald had a farm yeah yeah
and on his farm he had a sheep eieio
with a bad panting are you at the mall
what are we doing what it the monkey
train
yes the monkey train we have a coupon
for two free rides and Isaac wants to
ride them with the train Hey
yes the monkey train come on let's go
where do you want to sit the red one
yes
this is gonna be fun she's gonna watch
by Mary good boy good boy
Oh dad's cool
you're jealous I know it lucky bitch
okay
hey guys wave
hey guys hey hey guys hey guys decided
hey guys oh look at this team that's
cool here he comes
yes a sticker that's for you it's about
that time guys
it's the end of the video thanks for
watching really appreciate all the
support and everyone coming back to
watch our videos yesterday was a fun day
I want to show you something we did some
landscaping in the front yard yesterday
this is step one we're going to do some
plants and stuff and this rock bed so it
should be really cool looking also I am
gonna take down these Broncos streamers
finally I don't know why they're still
up to be honest so take him down and one
more thing before you go if you want to
check out love your melon the beanies
you can go to love your melon calm and
if you find one you like you want to
make sure you go to the University of
Colorado Colorado Springs campus crew
because they're awesome and UCCS is
where we film the majority of our
library pranks and stuff so yeah it's
fun to support them they also have a
Facebook page and they posted this
picture which is really cool this kid
max he's battling leukemia I just
thought this picture was just so
precious I mean look at him that's so
cool
if you feel like you want to buy one
you're helping kids with cancer so I
think it's really cool cause but yeah
that's that in the video thanks for
watching no see you guys next time
this week is supposed to have really
warm weather so hopefully we can do some
fun vlogs outside and adventures and
that sort of stuff so I'll see you next
time okay bye
