what where did it go I thought it was on
this side dude
what didn't you just get a tattoo hey
guys welcome back to vlogs we are in H&M
right now and Andrews being rebellious
being behind the counter oh oh should I
do it some behind the counter too quick
hand sanitizer raw oh yeah where Andrew
said he broke his belt so we had to get
one for him cheese and then we're just
they usually have good shirt deals here
so we're just checking it out you know
what this one epic yeah maybe because
it's the cheapest one I think
yeah yeah cuz I bought last time I felt
just broke just do then you need a belt
to hold up your pants kids
we've got all these cool long boards
here the big one is your favorite out of
all these currently only pick one that
you see that one
the Colorado one or the mountain one
never know which all urato I thought I
don't want never saw her you want you
like the hi-c yeah that's pretty cool
tropical I like that wolf yeah that was
also a choice I liked but then I saw
this one that's really cool tool
it's like mountains but it's like waves
as well so it's like a ocean you know
that's a rare occurrence sir get back
from behind the counter please avalanche
we've made it to shoe heaven Oh Andrew
there's a carnival ride
what so we've started a new thing here
ping pong stats we're keeping track now
I just lost twice won to Andrew won to
Aaron but now aaron has to play Andrew
who's here is someone here right who is
that that's so cool man here he's very
hat
did you see Andrews head tattoo yeah did
you like it yeah let's take a quick look
at the updated progress of Andrews
tattoo tears receive its healing or not
yeah okay Oh other side what what where
did it go I thought it was on this side
dude
what didn't you just get a tattoo yeah
is it not healing or something yeah I
don't even see it it must have
disappeared what yeah you bought fun
dude
Yeah right you got pranked you
thank you got pranked you got friends
and you got pranked
prick hey Frank Frank friends near near
there's a camera here you guys been
april fooled you guys since you watch
our pranks you know we're always
pranking people well we've never pranked
you guys and a lot of you were concerned
I was actually surprised about how many
of you are actually very disrespectful
no but really to be honest there were so
many rude comments like I hope you guys
if you if you left a rude comment are
watching it now you understand that
leaving a comment like that is just not
necessary but we're going to go over a
couple of our favorite rude comments
alright just because it's really funny
to us like since it didn't actually
happen
it's like 0% upsetting yeah personally
basically this guy I think his name's
Arnold left a really long comment we
won't read it all but it says my wife
and I enjoy watching her videos each
night but cannot believe you would do
this and then at the end he said I am
unsubscribing both channels he also says
that it would be very sad for me to see
Andrew and the videos so basically I'm
not allowed to make videos anymore yeah
I'm a tattoo and he said he's not being
judgmental but I think that is clearly
being judgmental but just because
somebody has a tattoo and makes a
decision doesn't mean that their life is
like different it doesn't change who
they are as people so but I hope you
reconsider subscribing what's a ekang
idiot there's a lot more comments where
that came from
like follow these I'm going to
unsubscribe you say you're Catholic and
you get a tap on your head but this one
makes me laugh on two accounts one not
Catholic the second yeah I didn't get a
tat on my head so but yeah you
unsubscribed yeah
even if tattoos I'm not even going to go
there folks
you ruined your head dude people are
gonna stare at you
whoops why did you do that man I don't
know
Brad probably one of the dumbest things
he could have done honestly
keep in mind that is your opinion you
think of a couple other Dumber things I
could do but oh okay Wow timecode 741
actual moment Andrew realizes he at the
big time that tattoo looks so ridiculous
and he'll be stuck with it for the rest
of his life oh hey Libra darn it a lot
of you actually knew it was an April
Fool's joke so good job on your end yeah
and a lot of you actually loved a lot
left a lot of nice comments towards
Andrew like in support of his decision
if he were to do that but I want to hang
out with you guys that did that
yeah not these other guys I think um
judgment is one of the biggest problems
in our society nowadays and this was
like a clear hopefully learning lesson
for a lot of you that I don't think we
should be judging people just based on
their decisions like getting attached to
life we should be more accept accepting
of people and what they do make a world
a better place yeah I don't I don't
think a single tattoo or a hairstyle
defines what a person is it's really
their actions exactly you know even if I
did get a real tattoo on my head sign it
change my but I did it so I hope any of
you guys who are leaving rude comments
reconsider what you wrote and have a
change in your thought process also
don't believe everything you see on the
internet it's just a prank bro anyways
moving on since it is April Fool's Day
we thought we'd do some quick little
prank calls
so who's the first victim Bay
headquarters
oh that's hot do it every place is
closed so we're just gonna call the
grocery store does it make sense it's
four o'clock they closed therefore why
is it April Fool's prank
yes hi I'm on a quick wit I had a quick
question okay yeah do you guys on do
requests well I was looking for my own
style like one that's not out oh yeah
cuz yeah my favorite or my favorite food
groups is hot dogs and um I know you
guys carry that that the bay drink can
buy right and so I was wondering if I
could get that specially made yeah for
the hot dog one uh yeah that was the
flavor I was thinking would be good
yeah I didn't know if I needed to call
you guys or if I needed to call the
company to see if they can make it but I
was warning them to make it for me
because I don't think it's out it's just
one of my favorite food groups oh oh
sorry no hot dog flavor Hannah and she
thought that'd be gross I don't know why
that is her opinion
hi I was just wondering if you guys take
requests what for subs cuz yeah hi um do
you guys take subway requests yeah like
um well I was just wanting to get a sub
in town I didn't know if any sub place
has had the hot dog bratwurst combo
special
hi I was just wondering if y'all have
the turkey flavor say ratchet soos each
biscuit still in stock I know last time
I came I couldn't find any yeah
the Susa jizz oh okay all right
who's what
oh okay nevermind well guys it's about
bedtime 10:30 and I've been practicing a
new song the violin I can only play the
first line angels we have heard on high
so maybe I'll play you that tomorrow or
the next day or two we'll see but I
wanted to say one funny story about the
prank tattoo it was funny because we
were planning this out and I had already
made the appointment to go in to get the
Sharpie tattoo because it was just
sharpie I don't know if we said that but
yeah we had it all planned out and
Justin was sitting here and I was on my
couch I just looked over Evan I was like
you know what day tomorrow is and he's
like no I was like tomorrow is April
Fool's Day here's I go home what like we
didn't even plan to do this on April
Fool's Day just happen to come out on
that day which I I don't know I feel
like if it wasn't on April Fool's Day
then maybe a few more of you what I
thought it was real but since it was on
April Fool's Day some of you caught on
which is fine I mean it worked out also
I thought it was really interesting to
see I know we already talked about this
before but just one final thought before
I go to bed turned out to be more than
just a prank this is sort of a
experiment to see what you guys would do
I mean we all have interactions in our
days whether that's face-to-face with
somebody or a phone call or a youtube
comment but you always have a choice to
react to something
stably or negatively pretty simple I
mean you could be somewhere in the
middle as well but I thought it was just
interesting to see people reacting
positively in the middle kind of neutral
position and some people that are like
very negative so I don't know us your
choice you want to act positively or
negatively and seeing the different
reactions positive neutral negative just
kind of gives a little glimpse into the
kind of person that you are so yeah it's
kind of interesting to see you've heard
good morning
yep it's morning now and sorry about all
the comments I just I really want to go
over one more comment I found on the
video it's just funny to me because we
haven't uploaded this video yet so
people are still leaving some comments
and this one said kids this is what
happens when you don't finish your
education well see I read that comment I
was like hold on a sec I want to show
you guys something I haven't showed you
this yet and it's a great segue into it
so let's go I'm pretty sure I've showed
you guys these before but in case you
haven't seen them this is my a film
school degree with my associates degree
but also this just came in the mail this
is my bachelor's degree of Applied
Science and management I finished that
up last summer summer 2015 took a while
to finish but I really wanted to finish
it because that was a goal of mine to
get a bachelor's degree I had a lot of
fun doing it I even have some of my old
textbooks like a whole class in
leadership so yeah I did finish my
education so I guess you could say this
is what happens when you finish your
education you can create little prank
experiments that slightly reveal a
person's true character so bazinga so
that's it that's all I wanted to talk
about this morning and make breakfast
practice some vile end
I'm actually really hungry so I need to
get some food hopefully in the next I
don't know month or so hair will be back
to completely normal and that's that
what what is it Buford what is it you've
heard this has been a fun little prank
on you guys an experiment to see what
you do thank you everyone for leaving
comments positive negative whatever that
are fun to read and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
another fun vlog okay okay
goo'bye first thought
