good morning everybody welcome back to
blogs today's weather is unfortunate
it's snowing again I left my potting mix
outside does that make it ruined yes oh
me oh just dirt right guess what's
happening today guys what well you
probably clicked on this video because
you were concerned or wondering about
the title and thumbnail danger has
something to say I decided to get the
tattoo today and I need to shave you
know the area you just didn't finish I
did I just started but it revealed a
little guy right here haha yeah so I'm
gonna go finish that so I was trying to
think of different places to get it like
I was singing my arm like my back or
like side area right here but I just
wanted to be different and I know a lot
of you might judge me because of this
but I don't care I'm just gonna get it
on the side of my head here should look
pretty cool I think but yeah I gotta
finish shaving my head what do you think
I think it's awesome
too many people judge people for their
actions and I think we as people need to
accept people's decisions everyone's
different ok yeah so I'm gonna get a
tattoo right here on my head whether you
support him or not that's your choice he
supports me it's all it matters guys
ah oh great
what style hair are you going with by
the way it's going to be like a mohawk
so only up here is hair yeah I don't
know how like wide to make it like is
right there good like these two spots
I've never done mohawk before so that's
quite sure what the correct proportion
to Y might look weird but truth in my I
think right here these two spots
what's also cool you can put designs in
the side of your head like this way is
cool right
or this one Tony
Justin's help to get the back hey crash
ah it's a mess in here guys don't just
leave like it Albert okay that's the
back there it is
can't we tell much in the front is this
lighting but the back is like if you
guys watch yesterday's vlog which I hope
you did we are going to the tattoo shop
parlor now Ainge has an appointment
what's that sound the appointments at
2:00 and it's 1:45 right now you will
guys want to see Andrews final product
of his new hairstyle
dah dah dah dah dah dah dah dah
what do you call this look I don't want
to know
I call this Viking you can try it it's
the new Viking hairstyle yeah
well I call having a good guy yeah he's
taking his job to the next level
all right over here are you ready I'm
getting kinda nervous okay were you
nervous when you got your tattoo yeah
okay that just hurt a bit I don't know
how yours is gonna feel though yeah I'm
not sure is actually hurt or not but
I've assumed me to hurt really bad if
it's on your head yeah hopefully this
not too bad dude it's gonna hurt way
worse than mine I have a high pain pain
tolerance oh please
Oh Andrew you gotta fill out some
paperwork how does it how do you feel
that well the person says I acknowledge
I'm not pregnant
so that's close oh and here is your
tattoo artist yo how's it going good
good you excited to do this today
absolutely I don't tattoo too many heads
peeps already getting tattoos over here
black so what are you doing right now
this is the stencil so see if you like
it right what do you think a drew it's
gonna be good
first thought
so I'm not sure how long this is going
to take cause I've just been chillin
over here on the couch watching some I
don't know what this is but it's a movie
which is pretty nice I can't believe
Andrew majors head must be on fire right
now cuz when I got my chest tattoo it
hurts so bad
and your skin on your head oh gosh
alright finally he's getting taped up
good lord that took forever
I do the headache or something
house yeah how does your head feel that
is the most weird feeling I'm just
shooting needles like in my head I got
the bandage on I was like the worst pain
ever just felt like tons of bees or
steam I had all once I can't even
explain it when I got mine I feel like
wood somebody was stabbing you would
just it was kind of Asst I guess simple
because it was just black so it wasn't
like color or anything so yeah
yay
we didn't have any food for a while so I
was starved
that was a good snack guys yeah but uh
we are going to go to the Apple store
now
just to check out the new iPhone
Apple I can't wait to see the new
iPhones set it yeah some of the noon
yeah this is a five you to be honest
whoa easy actually it's cool they're
just is very small things back doing
Andrew been a little bit since we've
seen a tattoo let's see let's see it
doctor already have you what that's it
yes but there does it still hurt
yeah I don't know if you've bought the
stuff for it or do you guys already have
it the like lotion specific lotion you
have to put on it no I didn't get that
yet oh she won't do that huh yeah you're
supposed to like what I did was put it
on like every few hours Oh better get
that bro yeah give you guys a full
update tomorrow yep it's Andrews mom's
birthday today yeah actually it's Mary's
mom birthday too
so my mom and her mother and my
mother-in-law and my mom have the same
birthday
Wow so you guys going to celebrate right
now yeah well Aaron and I have to go get
a birthday present for mom it's going on
I see we're at the mall now we'll get
this right oh yeah
I do want that this lady just came
running out of the store saying that man
stole sunglasses
come on security man really read a her
she owes us so this guy just robbed the
store he's running that way dude if we
were up here like ten seconds earlier I
could have got him on film I know oh
he's that way dadgum it
this was the Hallmark store but now it's
gone that's where we were gonna go Randy
no
learn bath & Bodyworks now because moms
like candles rape all of them like
candles so I just gotta find a couple
good flavors
No
good yeah we're waiting for mom dad and
Mary Sharon and I were here first but
we're at Ted's last time I was at dad's
was for your birthday you only come here
for birthdays it's pretty cool by the
window as well what mom dad
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear ma happy
birthday to you back home now and do you
remember we bought cilantro at Home
Depot to plant and we put it in this
plant and we have our first sprouts
popping up so there's the cilantro
someday it'll be edible but not yet
thanks for watching today's vlog
everyone hope you had a good time
watching we appreciate your support and
it's a beautiful day out today but
you're gonna see that tomorrow's vlog
yeah so come back tomorrow and we'll see
you there goodbye
it sounds terrible ok once a
