um I've been thinking about getting a
tattoo for a little while now hey guys
welcome back to the vlogs how you doing
I'm doing so good right now check out
the weather here blue skies
yesterday it was windy and cold and now
it's warm but I just checked the weather
up this morning and supposedly it's
supposed to start snowing by like 1 or 2
o'clock Colorado why must you do this to
us
I'm really ready for summer I bet a lot
of you guys are as well
back at Andrews editing away here yeah
this is a fun bog you did watch
we hope seat he's everything to today's
Wednesday so it's Thursday for you guys
right now but he's editing the vlog and
I'm editing the prank currently it's
11:13 so prank should go up in about two
hours
and then I have a dentist appointment in
two hours like I said like I said
yesterday we have a lot of footage eight
minutes so it's like trying to figure
out which clips would be best in the
video I guess you guys will already know
but that's what we're working on right
now well on my way to the dentist now
let's hope at all the cavity yeah
here we are hi
yes they have a kids room now I can play
games yeah this is epic dad
free goodies I guess I have any cavities
no cavities really good I'm always
nervous like when I come into the
dentist because having cavities is like
the worst I'm back doofus
you heard now you have to guess what
happened if you guess right you get a
high-five
based on your attitude I'd say no
cavities you got it man
good guess both didn't have any cavities
I know did Beaufort have any cavities
you know House is thinking like why do
dogs not have to brush our teeth every
day yeah and they never have cavities
I'll reduce Italy by hole yeah you guys
know why andrew has something yeah what
could it be
it's this buy one get one free a kid
Delmas oh and they've recently done some
renovations to all their stores oh it's
this way which is really cool cool
renovations as you guys want to see
Oh super cool so hip now yum-yum March
wheel now the gold foil burrito so lucky
limited a dish so
all done with the lunch really good no
complaints there but you guys are
probably wondering about the title of
this vlog what's going on you know
what's going on Andrew here you go
anyways she would do some explaining all
right so um I've been thinking about
getting a tattoo for a little while now
and I've been talking about it with Mary
to make sure she's okay with it and she
is so we're just kind of checking out
different tattoo stores right now to see
him because oh well currently where are
you tattooed this is where Brittany
Branden her mom they all got tattooed
play tattoos here so this is top woman
this is just we're checking out the
shops nothing's like written in stone
yet oh yeah so let's go inside here and
I have a tattoo and I think tattoos are
awesome so you can just join the tattoo
club bro oh here's the dog was it for
once
what's happening you may have a winner
folks
yeah he's just showing us like some of
his work and what he does
so you'll update you that that's kind of
cool you should
oh maybe Jesus
I see you guys alright I think we may
have a plan now guys what do you think
in Andrew made an appointment for
tomorrow so I'll show you some ideas I'm
thinking about when we get home yeah yes
he's had a few ideas he showed me we
just haven't told you guys yet
for a while because I don't know why
don't we do what you do judge me okay
but first Costco Costco Costco do dah
dah dah dah sees come you know what this
tree reminds me of Mobile rings avatar
Oh
it glows do you want to get one for my
backyard please yes and or and outdoor
use 130 is this a good idea yeah
what can you see up there I see all
kinds of new things that I haven't been
able to see well thank goodness there's
a ladder here look I see fresh potatoes
what oh wow this ladder reminds me of
that one infomercial have you seen it
were the guys climbing on it and he
falls off well it's like it straight
across
he's like climbing across it falls he
smacks his head on it oh really
now fly seems like okay so really you
think oh God here are you okay actually
I didn't have a lot who thinks we should
buy this
it's so cool for some are we we buy it
and we go on a big lake and have fun
adventure it's only 150 bucks guys are
on it that looks so cool this makes it
look like a little smaller it's like
really big in person
yeah we found the base thank goodness we
were so fresh you'll want to slap it
what a day Andrew loves samples yes
goodness you believe this is only eight
bucks it's a huge huge bag of popcorn
how many servings are in here now 20
yeah good deal non-gmo as well well
they're also selling plants pumpkin
spice peach
this is GMO inter said yeah but it's a
good genome why because we'll just put
pumpkins and peaches amid them to meet
okay check this guy over there really
nice I guess kinda and then
it's starting to snow we're walking
oh yeah literally just start the snow
it's all sunny and warm and all Sun snow
and we're driving straight into this
mess
yes Brittany since I'm driving show
everybody the snow now oh my gosh listen
so happy you like this weather I don't
but I'm not gonna complain guys didn't
you see this morning it was blue skies I
don't know if you have to deal with this
kind of weather were you live but Justin
really wants to move cuz it's like he
just needs all like summer weather all
year long next year or something we will
not be here although I love Colorado
I just want consistent warm weather you
know we're back at it modern market and
so me and Brittany are a modern market
now because a thing we've been trying to
do Leigh is celebrating little little
things in life
and recently I got I went to an audition
as you guys know and they just emailed
me back and said that they chose me so
that's why we're here to celebrate
that's
thank you and we we've celebrated a ton
of other things recently but we just
haven't blogged it like when Bertie got
her runway shows we celebrated that by
getting Mexican and we think it's
important that you guys should try to
celebrate just anything that's important
in your life or that makes you happy
every day's going hey too big our life's
a big celebration
super
we got the crimini kale pizza its
mushrooms kale and organic red sauce
that looks so good
my hand back and forth over my head some
reason Bilbo rode his bike here
he must have knock out the memo that
it's snowing out by the way Dutch Bo's
time yeah so we're just going to be 375
total
thanks guy Dutch bros coffee guaranteed
to satisfy come try us today but we're
here at Kate in Hayden's house because
Brittany's getting her hair retouched
yay okay guys so I want to show you what
Mary and I went and did yesterday I
didn't vlog it because I didn't know if
it was going to happen but I've said
this before in a previous vlog that I
used to play violin when I was younger
and I've just really wanted to try and
get back into it so Mary and I went to
the music store and we rented a violin
doctor order what's cool about this is
you can rent it and if you decide to buy
it within six months all the monthly
payments you've been making on it goes
towards the purchase so I'm going to try
it out for a few months and hopefully I
can buy this thing but I'll show you
here he is Wow a real-life violin guys
here's the bow and I started practicing
yesterday and I've been practicing more
today so I want to practice every day
that way I can learn and get better at
it
Mary knows how to read music cuz she's a
really good singer and she plays piano
some so she was teaching me about music
and stuff because I can't remember how
to read music at all here's the song
I've been practicing
ode to joy pretty basic I can basically
do the first line I've been practicing
that yesterday and today I think I've
got it kind of scared to play a few guys
because it's going to sound awful but I
might just do it anyways
four lines to this song the first two
lines are basically the same except for
this part right here I'm scared to play
you guys what I've been practicing
because there's probably a lot of you
out there that are you know really good
in music and stuff and I am NOT but
that's okay because if I keep practicing
I will get better I would learn at the
Rite of bike now remember I've only been
practicing for two days now it sounds
terrible
okay let's say how's that so I'm gonna
stop filming so I can practice more and
maybe I can play two lines in a couple
minutes all right
okay I understand this part here now so
let's try
yes I did it good job violin I'm gonna
keep practicing this song hopefully I
can get the whole thing down and yeah so
I just started playing yesterday if I
won't vlog too much violin stuff because
I want to keep practicing and I'll just
show you guys when I get better I guess
sound good unless you want to see more
then let me know in the comments okay
rich got her hair all done now and we're
at back at the gym for a nighttime
workout since we didn't go to
Orangetheory today I just got done with
the quick workout and then after our
workout we got some goofy snapchats in
if you follow me and Brittany on
snapchat you would have known what we
just did well guys that's all we got for
you for today's vlog thanks so much for
coming back make sure you slam that like
button for us and trust me you're not
going to want to miss the upcoming vlogs
so come back here tomorrow to see what
happens and look forward to see you then
good bye
Oh follow us on snapchat link in the
description if you're on your phone just
click the link in the description and
I'll add us immediately okay see ya
I found it we were just about to give up
and I noticed that it looks like either
someone had walked this way yeah I looks
like a whole beaten so I follow I can't
