well welcome back to vlogs everybody how
you doing we're doing fantastic today we
got a fun vlog for you all you tell
about it
alright so we haven't really ever done
an office gaming studio
what do you call yeah you call it studio
update update slash tour / mods / let's
begin so yeah let's just start it off
right away
you walk over here this is where we have
done a few videos mainly gaming videos
yeah so I'll do anything in here but
then yeah gaming life slaves so you walk
in here we've got the beautiful see
through doors and explain everything
first let's channel some whites this is
actually pretty cool lighting Oh
so what do you got with the lighting
here so guys it is outfitted we got some
hue bulbs some hue bulbs we got one over
here you got one over there in that
corner
we got one a light of your face if
you're streaming and then Oh Kevin
beaten thanks then we just got this
strip installed so check it out Hugh is
actually really cool I send them in my
house as well show why they're so cool
if you guys never seen these before
you're missing out their color changing
lights guys are you ready for this
that's right yeah cuz you can go any
color you want and I holler you want
that's so cool you can make it like a
super fun zone whatever your favorite
colors are and you could change each
thing to a specific color whoa like this
one oh and that one oh man that is so
cool
and recently you just got this in yeah
so guys what we really want to
and step up our live streams on gaming
channel where we're both streaming and
we can switch between screens yeah so I
mean if you subscribe to our gaming
channel we're just figuring it out like
in your said so game shows
yeah we need some help too so if you
guys know how to do that hit us up roof
we got ya right here right there the
editing Bay got camera lenses some
artwork and also work so today guys what
we need to do as you can see this window
is just covered up with a blanket
so yes it's a blackout some things huh
just some upgrades in monster room so
that's good they started and do this I
wish but anyway before we go to the
store I'll show you one more house mod
I've been working on it's basically done
so we got the home feeder set up when we
got the beanbags but now over here is
like a fun chill zone Wow so I put this
wall up it took a while but it was fun
all these like wood slabs just so chill
oh yeah that was a project took a couple
weekends but yeah so right what project
so this is like a fun little Reading
area and come down just chill
so don't you do that Kevin oh you got
one
paddle me up let's get out here we are
guys Best Buy
let's get inside see here's the huge
section light bulbs those things strips
all the goods well that's cool too we're
looking at their cameras right now this
is the one I currently have which we're
filming on right now else of this one a
quick stop at the grocery store to get
some cookies because we need some snacks
yeah am i right but so if you guys
watched yesterday's vlog when they were
doing the pete mantle we say that guys
look it's all cloudy outside and
actually snowed a bunch last night yeah
cookies let's go vendor cookies guys we
thought of a new kind of prank idea so
we're doing a test real quick like right
here you're gonna do it okay
what I don't know what it's called what
is this you're talking no cuz like you
have to like pretend you just fell
asleep or do you yeah so it's like
falling but just I kind of like a new
spin on it see guys what two flavors
should we get we got double chocolate
lemon zest gingersnap and chocolate chip
oh man
not interested let's try at least lemon
zapped her zest I mean okay we're trying
to think of a solution for the window
and the door to make it darker in the
game room so instead of like blacking
out the windows I don't even know how
much I would cost we can just get aha
why do they have different like flavors
but this is I was thinking like
construction paper but black Wow oh
that's it yes black construction paper I
think that all 50 sheets I think that'll
do a good job on the window so you have
like what are you gonna use tape yeah
prizes tape you have that well I don't
know we also just thought of another
prank idea that we could test so this
could be test number two for another
prank yeah once you tell me what it is
well we before we got here we called
them to see if they had any paper and so
I was like what if we called them like
right by them so once we get a little
closer to the front where we can see the
customer service lady
and then talk to her like we're standing
right by her I'd be funny might not
we'll see it's kind of hard to predict
like who's gonna answer the phone though
so yeah I think front would okay yeah
cuz we actually can't find the tape so
it makes sense telling Mary I think this
is a good idea I think you should have a
setting on one of their lightbulbs that
goes like you have the colors you have
the Wyss but then they should also have
a black light set it or if you slide it
over that way it goes black light and
becomes a super party cue if you're
watching please do that
nineteen yeah I think Andrew got it but
I was like I'm standing right here and I
was like wave huh and she's like oh he
like hung up in like no we found the
tape yes no Cynthia that was funnier
than I anticipated cookies out they look
so foolish trouble chocolate so did got
the oven going lemon and chocolate
that's a good yeah then I've never had
this beverage it's kind of a cool can
it's nitro cold brew coffee with almond
milk in New Orleans whatever flavor that
is but I'm gonna try this yes alright
what am i try this beverage I need an
opener oh oh that's the coffee in a can
whoa
that's pretty good
wow I'm impressed I thought it was gonna
be not as good but I enjoy this one that
I do save this for my cookies sorry Mike
walkies yeah guys if next time you want
cookies tell your parents mom dad can I
please have some Kwok ease that's how we
say it anyways to stop pronounce cookies
anymore it squats
please give me Kwok ease cool good bye
cookies have a good time all right while
we wait for cookies bring this in the
lab see what the window this bright you
can't even see the colors man
please construction paperwork if it does
this is the best hack I've ever seen
there's a hack let's see it's just a
test
that looks pretty black Wow boys all
right let's tape this guy up sure that
should work looks like that tape is cool
yeah I thought a double-sided tape you
went out Pulitzer Prize what's that
and like that guy we got it done
looks so good so simple - I mean that
side looks a little different on camera
it looks pretty bright but it's actually
not well yeah because this side I did a
different technique I overlapped it that
was way better yeah there's a little gas
lines wow that's like a design to the
back but you can totally see the colors
way more do that nighttime - this is
gonna be the glow room he's going here
you don't always need to do like the
expensive options we spent for Andrew
spent about ten bucks just for this
paper in the tape three packs of tape -
so and obviously if you wanted it like
pure black you could like double tape
this stuff and make sure it's like
completely covered but already a big
difference in this room you have to plug
the extenders in forget this so no why
are you doing that it plugs into this
and and it could go you know want to
finish off the desk so it's 100 whoa it
did
oh it even adjusted to the color
the other one yes
thanks grandma I'm so glad she didn't
burn the cookies oh man
because we didn't do good a fortnight
people will only give them good cookies
mad
although leave a comment down below what
your favorite type of cookie is or ice
cream or I don't know or a cake Arnold 9
out of 10 cookies 9 out of 10 whoa all
right we got the light beam installed
not even joking it literally goes to the
edge of the desk no zero measuring it is
literally perfect Wow yeah do and then
you can do dance parties that did it did
it also do you guys like my homework
family picture me and my kids also every
time I make cookies I always think of
this one analogy one of my friends gave
me this one time
how cookies at us are kind of like our
relationship with God a lot of us like
to keep our hands on the cookies when
they're going into the oven when we need
to just let go of control and close the
door because if we don't give up control
to God we're gonna get our hands bird
the cookies are gonna take longer to get
cooked and so on and so forth so maybe
some of you guys need to just hear that
that just give up control and let God do
the cooking in your life and cookie
analogy sometimes I
you me Helen oh yeah is that okay I
don't know
so err do you have any other upgrades
for the future that you're thinking
about for the room oh come here
this is my super upgrade but somebody
give you names we've got lots of tape I
have all this fan art around this wall
ooh you so much you what let me just
give an example okay like this and we
boy oh boy do we have a lot of fan mail
art let me tell you watch out
some of you guys did that what are you
guys Kevin wasn't very interested in
what you're doing
oh nice ah do all these so you want the
whole wall covered it'll be covered no
problem sequel pile up here I think I
have more in that box
what okay guys I think this concludes
the vlog today thanks for watching yeah
if you guys have any other suggestions
on how to I guess just make the studio
better in any way shape or form
yeah leave a comment down below right
now and we'll be checking those out but
I hope you guys have a great rest of
your day and make sure to laugh daily
that is so important goodbye
