this means to never give up kids because
just when you're about to give up you
could be this close to finding the
answer good morning everyone
guys welcome back to vlogs we're gonna
do something really fun today and we
haven't done this in the longest time
I've seen some comments actually of
people wanting us to do this yeah
lots of you so we're gonna do it so
today we're doing some more geocaching
as you can tell by the title of this
video and probably why you clicked on it
I want to show you guys how many
geocaches are in our little city holy
crap see and if you zoom in there are so
many different types of geocache
traditional what's that a multi cache
earth cash what the poop what the and
and then there's mystery and so me and
Andrew have been looking on this map
we're trying to find some like really
cool ones we don't know how to find like
the really cool caches so yeah we're
just gonna have to figure it out
there's one on the Air Force Academy but
it's like in the middle of the airfield
so if we tried that we'd probably get
arrested I don't even know how somebody
got that on there but yeah it's got to
be the kid dad's playing possum
so the first cache we're gonna try and
do is a multi cache which is on this
street and then turn right right here I
think it's all la all right
see eh on the baritone maybe there's
clues
I thought the clue says it's by uh the
fence here but we can't find anything
oh and no no because uh you're one of
you guys are brothers Rick
uh he watches our videos he's just
coming home from school we can't we're
trying to find geocaches but we can't
find this one yeah it's a mystery
original and we're giving up that's
really cool and random but um since we
can't find this one we have to go on the
app log it did not find oh no I'm gonna
have to write something big folks you
you guys a write a review but my review
we can't we can't find it
alright it's not in the trees just who
knows where it is on to the next one I
suppose
oh let's go dang why we're gonna try and
find another multi cache and this was
called Brennan's revenge
and it says it's a medium-sized with a
four terrain 3.5 difficulty are you
ready for the challenge Oh what what
what we just got out of the car
this one has four stages are you ready
for the journey to begin think geophys
bearing the cash all right whoa
this plugs in right here this in this
area dies crash let's go
what's that away but straight this way
200 feet this way ah
he did say our legs would get scratched
up in the description so thank God we
all wore pants we did come to our first
obstacle guys I'm mainly worried about
that pile of poop Oh No
yes I missed it whoa careful you got
this dude
we have to get through this cuz it says
it's right there I don't know where we
are but the journey is very treacherous
just careful watch out for the
alligators what ya know on the wrong way
filled out which way there's tons of spy
keys in here that's why you don't touch
them with your fingers I'm not but
you're leading us astray you'll have the
coordinates now tell me where to go it's
that way not this way Aaron this is
definitely a good geocache already
because of the way it's been hidden and
you have to make your way to the lands
of goulash Wow oh there's a river down
there all of these things touch you what
are we doing
are you guys okay in there I think I
found a clue there's a there's a shirt
somebody's shirts in here I don't know
but just keep in mind we found a shirt
Andrew don't move you've been attacked
by the glads all on your elbows dude
what ow
did these offer me we figured out that
going through there is a terrible idea
we have to go around finally the bushes
ended this is a potential way to go but
there's water down here it's okay don't
go in the water
careful guys do not fall off the edge
this very carefully Wow ah no missteps
ah see we went had to come through all
these bushes down here Oh get up through
this tree somehow Ally yeah yeah madami
shoo
now I think it's it's right in this area
better find it
hey what happened I found it we were
just about to give up and I noticed that
looks like someone had walked this way
yeah a psycho beaten so I oh I can't
believe you found it where was it it was
like all compared like that oh my gosh
this that's really good what could it
say this means to never give up kids cuz
just when you're about to give up you
could be this close to finding the
answer you need some some sort of tool
to get the clue out I can't get in there
oh crap
here's a steak now we have to cue guys
come over here so they can Lou Brennan's
revenge to stage two
good what where's that we need
coordinates okay we figured out on the
app you can add coordinates so North is
56 756 dot whoops and then four four
point seven nine six add it's almost
there
where's that I don't it's up that way
yeah oh great alright let's continue the
mission put this back though okay
hunters well yeah
you've been infected quick get those off
of you wish
ouch I got lots but I did it Aaron again
with no Globetrotters he wore the right
gear for this yeah I still have things
on the hurry
well we're trapped at stage two and
there's four stages it says it was
somewhere in this area but we can't find
it
what happened fortunately we had to give
up on that one I was gonna take forever
to find that hi how do you feel I'm a
little pissed yeah it was hard I want it
so stoked we found stage one it's okay
we just don't have all day in a search
and the storms coming so we're going to
find another one that's close by that
should be a little easier and not a
multi-stage we found a Barbie house yep
anyways onward that's the geocache so
this geocache is called Z Anna's skull
cache okay
and it says Siena is a new geocaching as
she is five years old so if we can't
find this then we are idiots
all right it's in the butcher here where
would a five-year-old hide a Andrew in
the bush good thinking oh yeah I see it
Aaron go retrieve retrieve Aaron God one
special geocache
that's a peck what's in it oh there's
flag feels like my diary minions oh
that's old Vallejo Woodstock in Denver
congeal July 3rd 2016 what what is that
start what even is that they're just
geocache everywhere come one come all we
are ready for the biggest event in North
America yet there's other toys in here
though they look fun what's wiffle ball
teeth LLL try mom everybody who guesses
has two triangles on we're writing our
names in the cash book Yaga we have left
our mark watch a blog on more gee Scoob
yeah the delinquents are playing now you
guys know my dad did this what what well
before there's these two lights on this
side I did work now you move it to this
side so we can play ping-pong with both
of them working now you can play in the
dark and it's completely fair Daisy are
you doing are you so happy today
daizy's happy guys but geocaching was
fun honestly even if you don't find
anything it's fun to just adventure out
and explore with friends if you guys
haven't tried it you try it out I don't
know why we haven't done this more if
you guys want us to go geocache more let
us know by leaving a comment or a thumbs
up maybe we'll try and find some epic
locations and go again but right now I'm
just back home I'm gonna have some
dinner hang out with the white feet
she's out right now and today's Tuesday
might go see a movie you guys know every
Tuesday here it's like five dollar
movies so I might go see something
tonight's dinner
ketta salmon filet and Riaan brittany
made sure that this was wild-caught
because last time we bought some salmon
from costco and it was all farmed and
farmed is like completely different than
wild Cod let me just tell you so we made
sure this time wild caught 23 grams of
protein we just got one because we're
gonna have this with pasta and bake you
want some salmon look at you what Wow
what are we doing right now yeah oh hey
guys oh that's okay that's grumpy we
were just doing a fun photo shoot by
this construction site
it was Brittany's idea to dress really
nice here we go
this is perfect you guys will see in
Brittany's blog post when is this going
up tomorrow
she keep her like that I leave a link in
the description if you guys want to
check it out so here's a one picture
preview of what's gonna be on your blog
post this one's not edited yet but yeah
should go check it out guys look at that
sunset oh it's so beautiful
movie time with Britt you excited yes
we're a little late though alright
a lot of people said this movie wasn't
that good or not good for me but I'll
let you guys know what I think just got
back from seeing Batman for Superman and
truth is it was it was okay like me and
Burton were saying the first 60% of that
movie was good and without giving
anything away until the monster came in
the random monster it just started going
downhill I was like the whole Batman
versus Superman thing was really cool
but then they just throw in the random
stuff in yikes
either way it was definitely a really
entertaining movie I I wouldn't I don't
have too much critique on the movie
because I just love seeing movies
I feel like critics spend a little too
much time on movies they just should
enjoy the movie as they are and so I was
entertained
so good job with the movie I would just
say it was a good movie but not the best
well folks thanks for watching today's
vlog as always we appreciate coming back
and watching our videos I've just been
looking at some comments and there are a
lot of good comments on today's vlog
it's kind of hard to pick comment of the
day but this comment made me laugh
spaceboy Sam
when you come home from school and Jase
do his fam that we just appreciate all
the comments we've been reading through
all them and it's just fun seeing what
you guys have to say and like we said
earlier a bunch of guys left comments
saying we want to see more geocaching so
we did it so if you guys want to leave
some more comments of things you really
enjoy us doing for blogs we'll take a
look at them and do some of your
comments if you want to see more
trampoline places twelve paper fort
whatever it may be leave some comments
we'll take a look and we'll do any final
words Andy I didn't want to show you
guys the ball Andy found a ship we sold
54 t-shirts
Oh which is a lot 424 dollars raised
guys that's dude that's so cool that's a
lot of money plus there's the ball -
Andy bag we haven't fully counted it's
probably like over $600 you guys are
going to be donating to a really good
cause and we're going to give the money
to this lady your name's Brandi soon and
we'll have her tell you guys where
exactly the money is going to go so
thank you yeah we could also leave some
options for where we want the money to
go like I think we were saying in
another vlog that we could give it to
the education give it to like whatever
yeah we'll let you guys know that's it
we'll see you guys tomorrow good bye
