good morning everybody and Happy Easter
he is risen today is a good day we are
very happy had a great church service
this morning and now at the Carr's house
for mister foods all major foods Brett
you excited from Easter so excited my
mom Easter Mexican meal
we always like I know we and Brittany
had it yesterday it's the best we are
done with the quick Easter lunch at my
parents house because when you bring her
up in Denver right now Denver is
becoming our second home because as you
guys know she has some runway shows
coming up and so she has to get fitted
for them and that's what she's doing
today I dropped her off over there the
Paul Mitchell studio so I just have time
to kill now and just hang out walk
around we've never been to this part of
the Denver it's called Belmar so nice
like this whole area is like a giant
shopping center with tons like this is a
huge target it's really cool I think me
and Andrew should come here to prank
because there's a giant area over here
I'll probably show you soon it's just a
really good spot to come to prank
this is the biggest Whole Foods I've
ever been in from there all the way over
there see here's the main shopping
centers just talking about we can film
so many pranks in here everything is
pretty much closed today so there's not
much people here but oh my goodness so I
just got a kombucha bilberry it sounds
really funny pretty good though not bad
Brittany's fitting is going a little
longer than anticipated so I'm just
chillin in the whole foods waiting for
it to get done and then we're probably
gonna get some dinner and go to her
parents house this evening we back home
and got the dinner cooking chicken the
huge rice and asparagus and fries
because why not hey Daisy
what's up yeah it is 9:15 at night on
Easter we just kind of hung out today
huh yeah yeah had some food family time
- yeah family and games and food but now
we're gonna do something funny which I
had never done before you probably
haven't no we're gonna make a peeps
peeps pizza at the pizza so let's get a
crust out come on come on I'm gonna go
over the ingredients a very basic pizza
you got some Hershey's syrup okay with
the peeps and some sprinkles the
sprinkles are gonna be like the cheese
this is the sauce and these are the
vegetables and meats step 1 crust step 2
add your sauce
whoa this is gonna be a good pizza
step3
crust you want to make your trust really
good so add some powdered sugar Wow
step for toppings cheese make a
sprinkles delicious step 5
peeps so now you're just kind of going
whoo
is that enough keeps for the pizza no
you want to bake your pizza to get the
peeps kind of melty and just everything
looking good so but not too long because
it'll not look good so there he goes
does he assume guys by let's take a look
at the pizza
oh wow those peeps are giant hey guys
hey boys we were just saying there's no
way to tell if the pizza is done you
just whatever your preference is there's
nothing got the fully cooked the peeps
don't need to be brown in the middle or
something like that I don't think so
they better not be right we are assuming
it's done mitten mend my new superhero
mitten man if Aaron was the superhero he
would be mitten mend he can just grab
fire Oh
this is what we like Oh oops looks like
something leaked I get the p-please let
it cool off so we don't burn ourselves
I can hear it sizzling I'm gonna touch
one Wow like wouldn't let it cool off
and then we're gonna do a peeps a review
with mitten men I'm back in bud it's
called out there Aaron and I have a
funny way to play football in the house
we have this like railing up here that
the football fits through but it's not
perfect so you have to do a good throw
to get it through okay hold on okay
right yeah whoa
yes nice nice house we here we have the
pizza which we're gonna try a bite now
that is interesting of itself what
there's a heart attack and cavity all in
one bite so is it crazy let's try this
crust that crush are pretty good inside
that people is kind of hot where do you
rate the pizza this is like a dessert
scale yeah
found 3 3 out of 10 you know I give it a
4 out of 10 for dessert but yeah you
could add more ingredients more toppings
if you want to but there you have it as
the easter pizza say something
inspirational stay classy chicks from
marry this morning now and I'm at the
dentist office hurry because there's
nothing better to do after Easter Sunday
and go to the dentist
so I hope he gives me a good report that
we'll check back in with you guys in a
few minutes I'm back dentist said my
teeth are really clean and very good so
no cavities I've really been trying to
take better care of my teeth flossing
brushing fluoride rinse twice a day just
the whole nine yards because I think
it's really important to take care of
your teeth
they don't really grow back if you mess
up so back home now and I saw in the
comments there's been a few of you
asking to see the outside of the new car
so I guess I'll show you guys that I
showed you the inside basically I mean
this is it now the outside is pretty
dirty because you know we've been
driving around in the snow so mine that
I'll show you the outside so here's the
outside it's like this kind of gray
silver the black rims the black front
that's pretty dirty right now dad I just
want to get it clean all right guys well
SN in the video hope you guys had a very
Happy Easter
if you celebrate that and cuz we did
yeah we're just we filmed yesterday
ten minutes of footage this is it the
new block ten minutes of footage yeah oh
sometimes happens when we film pranks we
have so much footage like crap
what do we put in the full video yeah so
we're to probably delete some clips but
anyways yeah extras gonna be some extras
and yeah we didn't vlog yesterday
because Justin forgot his camera at his
parents house and then my camera was
completely dead so we just don't prank
we told my it is oh we already did tell
you what it is some of you guys are
gonna be in the video we'll see you guys
tomorrow for another fun vlog I hope you
have a great day goodbye huh goodbye
everyone
