good morning guys we're getting ready to
go snowboarding uh come on faster guys
faster I can't go boarding until I fix
my bar are not see this is two pieces
we're missing one
cuz this can't just hold in anything at
great I'm going to Christie Sports to
get the board next hopefully they can do
it or this is gonna be bad
found it Chrissy sports board fixed yes
let's go boarding color I'm trying
guys you can't see it but there's a box
right here oh hey what's up that's so
awesome
hey you want to come hang with us hey do
you want to be friends
what that's awesome
goodbye have a good time well that was
cool in other news meanie and Georgia's
having troubles recently him Andrew
can't find his goggles crap
well yesterday when we were walking back
they must have fell off his helmet or
something because this strap was undone
and this is where the goggles were so we
either have to call lost-and-found and
see if they have them or he used to get
new goggles whoa thank you percent off
spy I got some new goggles so dumb that
I lost him yesterday yeah this is really
cool so these should be some good lenses
now we can finally go snowboarding great
but oh well we got our problems fixed no
more problems ok ok I know I said no
more problems but we have another
problem
yeah just when you thought the problems
wouldn't it wouldn't stop they've only
just begun
Aaron's car won't start the key won't
turn so let's go figure out what's going
on what are you doing you broke the car
great a new update Andrew more
malfunctions this one courtesy of Nick
that one glove since their car won't
start the riding with us but now he only
has one goal of whoops all right we're
all about to go boarding finally so
we're gonna switch over to GoPro okay
we are finished with snowboarding or
getting some Mexican food here at NASA
yep it's time to have some food we went
to the booth instead because it's really
cool in here it's like my favorite it's
like a four yeah
plus you can look outside but not much
plus these are way more comfy than those
wooden chairs that's it sorry
thanks fortune for yeah this looks great
- who
oh that's it for the vlog thanks for
watching we had so much fun up in
Breckenridge did we guys I love
snowboarding that was a blast
when are we going next tomorrow just
kidding
Oh maybe Oh what this vlog was just
filled with unexpected things problems
we had more problems that we were even
able to vlog like I got to the top of
the mountain and I was gonna pull out my
GoPro cuz I brought it with us I was
like I'm gonna vlog a little bit and
then they turned it on no memory card
just tons of stuff going on we didn't
let those things get in the way of
having a good time so yeah thanks for
watching today guys let's try and get
800 likes any other thoughts I'm not
sure I have any other thoughts besides
we might try and finish some fan mail
stuff and we're gonna work on new prank
today I think and that's about it so
thank you so much for watching I'll see
you guys tomorrow
okay bye
