besides good morning at me once we're in
Breckenridge it's snowing this is nuts
up here we is going snowboarding today
with the ladies as well tomorrow that's
cool because I can see you in the
rearview mirror so I can like see where
I'm filming
dude ninis everybody got so good now
let's try that is epic I'm so doing
that's so cool are at the city market
getting some snacks but I'm going to
point out that here it is so easy to
save you just do it
alright order groceries
you broke it we made it to the house
we're staying at for the night Aaron and
his minions have been here for a few
days
yeah I mean how dare they use the dishes
just let's just take a quick peek at
some of the snacks they Rock
frosted flakes cinnamon toast crunch an
entire Beckett pancakes those Cheetos
YUM my favorite of the choices just tons
of may yet does actually sound kind of
good but hey Mary made a chicken noodle
soup recipe which is cooking for didn't
but we're just looking at it now here's
the tour guide this is a living room
area wellhow Mary and Brittany not
included okay this is where the minions
are sleeping
aka Aaron and Nick and the next room
well washer/dryer this is a fun like a
sleepover room if I wasn't living here
Wow
not bad I'd say not bad if you look
outside you can tell it's a little cold
and snowy but we're gonna go out there
and just a sec Britney hasn't gotten her
snowboard helmet yet and we saw a sign
that said snowboard helmets 50% off yeah
Mary doesn't have a helmet either so we
have to go get her her one oh I forgot
she's ever sweet
well let's go guys but first we have a
cool snack I'm gonna show you Oh
wasabi beans Wow huh what let's do not
look like beans looks like chips they
will other beans Mary's got them for us
because they're expired
yay thanks party February they're
probably so good
I hope the longer yeah that's important
but the longer they're expired the more
that wasabi kicks in right I guess yes
yep you have to do that oh I wanted some
oh is that a really good snack if you
like wasabi
I taste it it's not as spicy as the
sauce though well I hope not you do this
says 7 grams of protein I taste no PETA
pure wasabi
stop laughing a break this is spicy oh
my eyes are watering
oh dude you should have done that no so
I ain't goofy Wow
not good mesquite barbecue probably good
these rossabi like why
r2d2 welp SIA the sail helmets 50% off
yes
now we're there the ladies got their
helmets they are protected now Wow Wow
just kind of shopping around yes yeah
Christmas ornaments this is a Christmas
ornament or a friend this is a really
cool friend his name is Albert ouch hey
my shoes are so slippery
Wow what does that smell by the way Oh
crepes oh yay and Nutella great is that
a crepe Nutella crip it has angel food
cake I don't know or you wish more make
a fruit crate in this house we're just
waiting in line at crepes crate don't do
that don't do that is it hot
you try feels good when you
Justin yeah you tell uh thanks thank you
yeah this way right now we're getting
ready to go night boarding cuz Keystone
has runs that are with lights on them so
don't try now and this is what we're
wearing see I have it on my shoulder
can't let see what it is yet but here we
go
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh that all onesie
suits guys hood this is from the website
tipsy elves calm so his company sent
these to us and these are like literally
the coolest snowboarding suits skiing
suits I've ever seen I was like I have
to work with you we have to work with
you guys so they sent us these yeah so
we got this one
I'm not wearing it yet because I don't
want to sweat in the car but it's like a
USA man in the back eddie the eagle in
the back and then honestly these aren't
really that expensive if you haven't
bought snowboard gear yet because it's
like pants and a jacket combined yeah so
we do at the same price we'll leave a
link in the description if you guys want
to check him out you definitely
recommend oh yeah Aaron and Nick are
here you want one which one medium
American do you like that one Aaron
which one do you like just any you love
them all hard oh the suit I literally
feel like I'm glowing out in the white
in the snow I mean so cool yeah we're at
Keystone for some night boarding and
obviously it's not night we have about
an hour and a half until they close and
I don't even think it's gonna get dark
at all it'll be so fun to snowboard when
it's like dark cuz they have lights here
now before we go Nick and Aaron were
snowboarding today and Nick took a
faceplant so I want to show you his soon
to be black eye Wow morning holy my
right or what yeah that glowing
are you sure wear my pink facemask
well dang it guys I don't know if you
can see me right now but my strap on the
board came off on my bindings so I can't
write down we just rode to the top of
the gondola they wanted to see if they
maybe had some bolts I have two bolts
right here but it's like they just had
to fall off all the Sun so hopefully I
can get some new balls of boarding
tomorrow it's funny we're back at the
car we got two runs in except to you I
explained a little bit on the GoPro but
no one could help me fix a check the
stores we're gonna have to go back into
another store tomorrow to see if we can
find some bolts no no back home and
marry me my need another chicken noodle
super everyone there's more with family
Familia
while playing cards family is fan these
clocks are wrong because it says 1042
and it's actually 11:40 - we just got
done playing games from ours but now
it's time for bad K are you excited yeah
it is gonna be your exciting boarding
all day tomorrow we'll get better
snowboarding footage for you guys cuz
you can tell things happened then we
didn't get my board thing broke but
tomorrow's its vlog we'll have a lot of
snowboarding episodes no problem and I
have my GoPro cool again I forgot my
pole it's okay it still looks good you
could get good footage just pissed but
I'm going to bed so here's your camera
what happened my toothpaste exploded no
no
here we go for snacks for tonight oh
thank you
these are my protein cookies mega
protein by the way see you guys
explain you're about right whatever what
you say affects things
