good morning guys it is the morning of
the blizzard it's very sunny out now
which is good all the snow down there
kind of melted but we have a lot of our
patio here ah
Denver got a lot more snow than we did
up there was just a madhouse a blizzard
but yeah last night was really fun
because Mary and I were just hanging out
we played life we made a fire watch two
movies it was just really chill because
it was blizzard outside nowhere to go so
yeah that was really fun super early
guys good morning everybody how's it
going look at the weather here blue
skies now the snow is melting forgets
all yesterday's vlog it was ridiculous
although I'm in Denver right now on the
way up here I probably saw 50 cars that
were stuck in the snow it's insane
and then like two days ago the weather
was 70 degrees out yesterday it was a
blizzard and you probably couldn't go
outside and now today it's all melting
Colorado has the strangest weather I
swear but yeah I'm in Denver right now
because I just went to a callback
audition my audition for something
recently and they chose a bunch of
people to bring back to like decide who
they want so I just did that it was
super fun you know I just got to wait
and see what happens
Oh
what are you playing it went over to
Mary's parents house this morning and
Mary stole her brother's old Gamecube
and now she's gonna be playing legends
of Zelda all day which I thought was
really cool a couple days ago I posted
on my Instagram that I was gonna do a
giveaway just something simple you see
here it's a car air freshener Broncos
helmet style autographed bag by me so
I'm gonna pick somebody right now and if
you guys aren't following me and Justin
on our instagrams you should go do that
because we're gonna try and do some like
just fun little giveaways like this
likes I said you just have to like it to
get entered so I'm think I'm just gonna
maybe he wins nah and will slide through
here ready he said you Daniel he's got
one picture sweet dude the scroll scroll
you Harry
what I'm gonna do is message a new
message people all right I sent him a
message if he doesn't reply it
I'll pick somebody else all right sounds
good Congrats on winning Harry
dishes this man
traffic gosh is in the same yesterday
Mary got her hair done and I wanted to
shut you guys because that's really cool
style yep see it's like blonde but then
underneath it's like a reddish brown you
should do a quick little braid and
because it looks cool so you look at
that it's so cool that is just epic
Zelda guys guess what art garbage can
finally came yeah it is yay that's ours
guys are making a remake yeah if you
watch them law you would have heard it
who's excited to see this there's
something we haven't done in a while
that we need to do and that's fan mail
we have a lot of it you'll have it check
the peal box recently sell it anymore
I have some more of my house as well
yeah so we've actually been talking that
potentially fan mail might be trimmed
down a little bit to where we just show
like bits and pieces of it because we're
getting like a lot more mail that if we
show every letter and my turn I like our
plus episodes yeah well so read every
letter but they won't all be on camera
so it's just getting more difficult but
we'll try something the funniest pics hi
how are you yes it was like that your
face is like a new meme pretty much yeah
Brock sent a letter and he want to know
if we're ever gonna come to Ohio oh she
might come to Ohio in the near future so
yeah be on the lookout for that but I
love your vids but happy birthday Isaac
he sent a dollar it says it's
specifically for spending money for
Costco for Isaac oh sweet does this look
strange to you guys j stu studios
it's close almost pretty cool we're
gonna finish a meal in a little bit but
yeah he's going now we have acting class
later yeah yeah about the time I get
another workout in we're running a
little late but time to we're gettin
well guys me and Andrew are now I've
been Denver because we're going to this
acting class yeah this is a new like
acting group again Denver so this should
be fun like a two-hour thing they get to
get together in college that's not a
good thing you just said what you say
affects things people myself yeah so
we're doing like just running through
them be a little celebrating yep we
don't
yeah I'm validating since Turkish well I
see five stickers your once I keep I
will replace you out there you better do
a good job here you go and write Sir
Francis James longer and is always okay
to pray this James well-groomed is
always
really Sir Francis James was always okay
well best end of the vlog we're on our
way to Breckenridge right now the green
lights I gotta go yeah thanks for
watching today's vlog guys also leave
some comments down below we're working
on a new prank next week and it involves
improv so if you guys want to be
featured in next week's prank or this
week's prank just leave some scenarios
like for example just type in what what
should they type in like it's gotta be
like something simple you know cooking
breakfast just a little improv like
different yeah little scene so just
leave some comments we might pick a few
of you guys and we'll see you tomorrow
good bye hey I'm Caroline hi wouldn't
you I am a field producer for NBC she
came out here to interview US you know
we just you guys in big fans we can't
say how long you been watching like over
the past three years we're watching you
guys oh my god
