hey we're at Cheyenne Mountain Resort or
something hey I found dove Creek oh okay
yeah good morning I guess guys we
haven't told you what we're doing today
but we have an interview with NBC they
flew here just interview us
yeah this fireplace we're gonna be on
the news it's on this show called caught
on camera with Nick Cannon and so
they're staying at this awesome Resort
here and they got the Presidential Suite
you feeling excited yes cool
yeah we just got to this set they're in
this presidential suite and it is nuts
in here I am a field producer friend you
see she came out here to interview us
you know we just you guys a big fans we
can be insane how long you been watching
like over the past three years I'm
watching you guys oh my god she's been
pitching us to Nick Cannon for her I was
just flattered to hear that superstone
he's going first for interviews yeah I'm
about to go let's show them is set up
here this is pretty this is pretty
humble yes I mean there's this room here
sit down I can put me on the scrub bunch
of different colored shirts Wow I could
take this jacket off as well what let's
just look at this shot here that's
pretty cool I like that look you didn't
do anything
we had to pause the shoot because
someone's vacuuming upstairs
really come on but she we're not here to
tell them to stop we're getting to the
loud evening segment yes yeah say that
can't wait
grab your snacks don't barf please just
got done with my portion of the
interview and next is Andrews turns but
they have to set up a different kind of
look so we're just gonna walk around for
a few minutes they got like yeah they
said like 30 minutes so we're just gonna
check around this resort see what's
going on
she's a gourmet room it ye they also
have this pink of office room so
beautiful back at the presidential suite
boo disturb guys so much camera gear
it's insane how's the new setup coming
along where is it gonna be oh right here
yeah yep
I think that was perfect idea thank you
he said this is a thirty thousand dollar
lens I can't believe that one well done
how did Andrew do in this interview he
was amazing now time to eat got a drink
down there oh my goodness for the promo
a chip love-love tray with the chip
drink and then yeah let me show you the
combo you got a chip and drink
that's the other part that makes a good
burp is if you convert it and small I'm
in the spotlight folks we're doing some
b-roll shots of me looking at this
camera Andrew what were you gonna post
what was it yeah Oh probably about to
work you just had to do a scene outside
and it was freezing back inside to the
warmth okay so we just finished and it's
not really snowing right here but if you
look ahead you can just see that we're
about to hit something nasty
the highways closed as well
the highway north is closed because of
this weird lizard we're having but it's
all up north goes down here where we're
at time is slowing
for our interview really yeah we got
there 10:30 and it's 2 o'clock right now
it definitely did not feel that long
yeah yeah that was
one of the best things I've done all day
but instead as closed up here but this
sign said there's no visibility on the
interstate - more exits up
we should just go up to Mertz closed
it's an adventure it's really sweet
it's so weird yesterday was 70° like I
was wearing a tank now that Blizzard
Colorado why'd you do this to us I think
that's a cop car telling you to get off
now I'm saying nope
I started he's not even paying attention
so we can just maybe curve back in and
go straight I thought what is this does
everybody have to exit here we want to
explore I took five closed
nuts this is weird
but it gets worse the closer we get to
home I know every exits just getting
worse and worse
I love these like free popsicles that
are on the hand railing here if you're
just want warning also Jared he doesn't
like his job today just sit and block
the windows down these guys said ah
screw it
we're just gonna Pocky yeah they just
have to wait it out and we're shaking a
lot more but they're still stoplights we
just saw another sign saying the road
right up here is closed I mean get home
we're not we're stranded well it's right
up here the next road the next
intersection is closed so what the Pooh
dies let's test out the new Camaro today
kids these days not go outside if you
have a car folks this Kia is very stuck
finally we're past all this nonsense
what the crêpes what look at Jimbo's
like sideways minivan what are you doing
everybody they just left it there's no
one in there I'm just walking home oh my
goodness I guess I ain't all these side
roads are very bad another abandoned
vehicle
sheet hey MA
hey everyone welcome to the Stewart
residence I'm back home now made it
safely we have some dinner cooking
Britney just made some delicious guac we
got some fajitas femen over here pretty
much right yes 13 is so good day
look at those colors and Daisy these you
gotta shop today how do you feel
look outside what's crazy out here
that's it for today's vlog fans but a
quick comments of the day Willard said I
should be asleep but it's vlog time baby
I got 16 thumbs up you got that right
realer what do you have to say about
that Andrew don't go to sleep don't tell
you watch a vlog and even if we don't
upload watch a vlog that you missed mr.
Manson I can see you two on the
Nickelodeon with a hit show a hit show
not just there like an average show but
a hit show that's such a nice comment
maybe one day being in drew will write a
new show that's better than drinking
Josh and it'll be on Nickelodeon one who
will well that's all for today guys
thanks for watching leave a thumbs up
let's try and get 800 likes on this vlog
okay
is that supposed to be good boy
you
