well good morning everybody welcome back
to vlogs hope you're having a fantastic
day I'm doing really good right now
it's almost post time right now I am
driving obviously out here on the
highway I'm heading up to Denver because
I have two auditions today which I am so
excited for like auditioning to me is so
fun and it's what I want to do in life I
want to act so getting opportunities
like this gets me really excited and
also Andrew me and Andrew have the same
audition around around one o'clock I
have a different one that I'm going to
right now but in him are gonna beat up
we're going to the same audition folks
pretty cool we just made it to the
audition location the lot here in Denver
so about to go in probably not gonna
film in there again I'd be awkward
you're not supposed to film and your
audition this is guy Dylan but I'll let
you know how it went here and I guess a
second well guys all done this was a
hosting type job for HP so if they like
me they'll do callbacks which I assume
will be in the next like two days or so
so we'll see what happens with that I
think I think we're well it could have
been better but you know can't be
perfect so right now I'm just gonna go
chill and like a place to eat or
something like that wait for the next
audition and see if Andrews coming up
with my film well just paid for parking
now I'm
downtown Denver
Wow
and definitely feel the city life here
it's like a whole different like world
compared to where we live and up here so
guys look what I found
yes this is perfect
Wow this looks nice
I couldn't resist BBQ chicken pizza so
good
look who I found the real-life Andrew
you've arrived Oh what's this just
having a snack oh my goodness oh my
goodness don't watch it being here we
are folks for the audition so how did
the audition go guys it's interesting
because Justin and I were doing the same
role but when we went in and we read
different lines what did they do that I
know but I was telling him mine was kind
of hard because my partner his only
lines were what yeah kind of hard to
communicate oh well I think Justin I
don't know I
all these auditions we go on I have no
idea but we're gonna get him or not
because I always feel like I could have
done better I'm sure you kind of feel
that too yeah I could have done better
on this one but the last thing that I
did book I didn't even have to audition
I just had an edge hasa like you're
hired
what that's how you go yeah that way if
you mess up on set oh well yeah anyways
we're at Park medel's mall but to finish
up our prank we didn't film it yesterday
we were filming up extendable fork prank
part two so since we're up in Denver and
we're at this model we're just gonna
finish it off
yeah sets me up
back in the springs and it's nighttime
now I'm here with dingus hi I'm diggers
and we're at the summit to do some
bowling with the ladies let's hope it's
not too busy
thirty to forty minute wait
Froyo no Tyler no games sorry
orange leave frozen yogurt yay but
they're just about to close but we're
here now yeah what excuse me I got three
different flavors guys yay
what did everyone get with peanut butter
on one side and strawberry bananas on
the other key lime pie orange
pomegranate blueberry four things I got
like five different flavors Oreo peanut
butter orange the triple berry mango
peach yeah oh this is Tyler
I have hijacked chase twos camera that's
all I've got to say about that so we're
going to see London has fallen tonight
and we got like 50 minutes so we stopped
at your sprouts to looking's some
groceries and snacks got to show you
this before we go into the movies I
wanted to get some healthy snacks
because usually when you go to the
movies you kind of get in bad food so we
went to sprouts and I got this whole bag
of pumpkin seeds for 60 cents the best
plus I got a kombucha
just so happy right now my allergies
just randomly started kicking in it
sucks
allergies are not fun do any of you guys
have allergies I'm glad my trash cans
here I always like to do that because a
lot of people don't wash their hands
walls or barriers I've never been this
close to the screen beautified Wow I
touch the screen yeah can I try yeah you
can have a frog yes please
Thanks well I guess I'll see you
and then you're gonna have that's okay
and we're just making a YouTube video or
just going over people corks okay all
right cool
yeah I didn't mean to bug you guys oh it
is now midnight we're back from a movie
I would say it was a super entertaining
movie
I was checking IMDB to see what the
critics rated it and I never agree with
the critics critics gave it a 23 which i
think is a little ridiculous almost
every movie that I checked the reviews
from critics it's like terrible I don't
even know where critics to get their
ratings from but they they don't do a
very good job because I don't ever
really agree with them but it was a good
movie so it's we're pretty tired now
we're gonna go to bed
so guess that's it folks good night and
go back but now that dad's 50 I want to
ask you do you have any advice for
anyone watching since you've lived for
50 years love
