look up two vlogs good morning guys
how's it going everybody I'm on
periscope right now and vlogging what do
you know
ouch hey hey hey everybody
I've just been discussing with the
periscope folks here on where to go for
lunch now a free coupon at chick-fil-a
so I'm probably gonna go use this I also
got something in my throat
it hurts hurry emergency water break on
the way to chick-fil-a now let's go
right chick-fil-a packed should have
known it's 1257 so basically lunch time
everybody's going to take filet now go
get out well sir look at this line
behind me my goodness that lunch was
good I just finished watching this the
Super Bowl DVD that's just it was so
good just brings back so many memories
of the football season wow it's really
motivational too to be honest
and also I wanted to show you this as
well this is a commercial von Miller did
for beats and I probably watch this at
least once a day I'll sure yeah
thank you back I say no I just got to
work didn't I Goti take Monday want to
spell my name right see that's just like
it motivates me it's just a simple
commercial that beats me but honestly
speaks true right here man I feel like
my whole life I've been like the
underdog elementary school through
college and now everybody has given me
the cold shoulder they don't want to do
stuff they don't want to return calls
what Abia but it doesn't matter cuz I'm
gonna work hard anyways on a side note
people keep coming to my doorstep and
giving me flyers this is probably the
third one and the past couple days try
out our new steam cleaning hey try out
our new home security system hey try
this try that we grow grass that's I'm
not dealing with that anymore I'm going
to Lowe's right now and buy one of those
no soliciting signs I just want to get
some vegetables and I got some carrots I
don't know what else to get maybe beets
yeah well get some beets and some
sunflower seeds you should be cool ha ha
this will teach them this is going on
the front door
I think it's a sticky yeah it's like a
sticker there we go I like that jump up
the mornin to you happy st. Patty's Day
I'm wearing green today so you can't
pinch me I don't know what kind of
accent that was but
you gotta give Buford a treat for
dancing that was impressive dude here
you go
is this a green shirt by the way yes it
is he promised can't pinch me I'm Reid
okay well we're about to go prank but
first let Justin test drive the new whip
v8 that's correct I push this yeah look
how crazy they're getting with cereal
packaging guys this is like holographic
Wow Superman cereal has like this
embroidery on it and bats meant like
what it's not necessary this makes me
want to like half buy it just for the
box and we told you guys why we're here
again uh-huh we're doing a new prank
tell him about it
first I'll start off have you guys seen
Wayne's World there's a scene in the
movie where they're just kind of being
really obvious with their product
placements and it's really funny so
we're gonna try that public and just see
how it goes and obviously none of these
products were sponsored by butt
gonna be funny I see a look in our cart
of what we've got so far
doesn't this look like garlic bread
cereal be so funny if you did that try
to shoot garlic bread cereals guys we
found something amazing baby watermelon
I bet it is flavor yes finally I want to
try one well then we can get one me too
this is gonna be so good I hope it's not
by by the way it's big it's bad you guys
we just tried the watermelon for the
first time oh your thoughts this is
pretty good flavor I must admit I like
it yeah I agree with that
it's really good mmm Wow you're
currently getting some clips in the
library and who is this man sure look so
funny that's epic though what am i good
ah there's too lottie's right there
we're gonna get them okay just got done
filming an intro in front of this Pepsi
truck convenient to be perfect for the
intro if we haven't made it clear yet we
are not sponsored by any of these
companies are you that okay so are you
guys officially on spring break
that's funny but well after that we be
on spring break oh no come on guys
she'll be on spring break but Aaron's on
the spring break now yeah yeah Aaron and
I are going up to Breckenridge tonight
to do some snowboarding tomorrow
it is he back home with the wifey how's
it going Brittany we're doing fabulous
we are making some quick dinner we got
another Orangetheory workout session
this evening so we got some pasta
chicken salmon and asparagus nothing for
you though
shall we oh back at it
launch the array I'm so glad we're back
here doing workouts it's been a few days
since I didn't work out since I was in
California so I'm ready to get back in
the constant routine we might try and
come here and do the unlimited option
not sure yet but
see
killer work a Brit best one yet
yeah today was like an endurance day so
we probably ran around four miles total
did like 1500 meters rowing yeah she
couldn't mom this morning she went above
and beyond and then we did a ton of
exercises so I would need to
Breckenridge
it's very snowy outside play a blizzard
drying it up
I know it's nuts but tomorrow's snow is
gonna be oh we're here my garage how do
you turn these kitchen lights on uh uh
then I got some light in here this is so
nice
and I get to share this huge room last
time we came up was four of us in the
tiny apartment next door
but this is so nice like a full kitchen
you said there's a washer and dryer in
here what the let's get this fire
roasting we'll do a 30-minute heat and
glow Wow I see something
wow it's no one
hey hey don't ever do that again this is
a prank it's a surprise whoops I did it
took us a while to get up here it is
what time is it oh my gosh
but yeah we're gonna go to bed now I
brought the GoPro but I forgot the GoPro
Pole so I'm just gonna be holding it
like this but it should still look
pretty cool so I'll see you guys
tomorrow in the morning and for some fun
snowboarding easy big guy
I can have a water cup please
Thanks
I don't know guys I use this this stuff
seeing stuff like this is inspiration
like it's not really a matter of being
jealous but looking at is like wow these
people worked hard and got to where they
are now and look with
