well hey everybody welcome back to more
Jase do you having a good day hoping so
yes we are yes
but boy oh boy we got another book for
you today what are we doing we're
opening up some fan mail
cuz you haven't done that in a while and
it is piling up literally we have to
take care of this but first we're at the
post office
we gotta check our peer box because a
bunch of you have been messaging us
saying check your box a saint something
also real quick a lot of people message
us saying what's your address because
they don't know how to send fan mail but
it's in the description of every single
vlog even this one so just hit look in
that description you'll find it now
let's go inside we've had to borrow
these bins but we have to return them to
help because when we get the letters
they're full so we probably should get a
little bigger box than this oh yes oh we
got keys Andrew usually we have like an
overflow box but I think they put them
all in these boxes okay
get one of the boxes now I thought we
were gonna have to return them but maybe
yeah it says cards inside what cards
like pokemon cards or love all cards
giving it to more we found another key
what's that last one so we all send some
big boxes peeps we are back the house
now we got all the fan mail and we
brought some other fan mail that you
know we've been saving up as well yeah
he's done a lion but yeah where should
we start we got the big boxes here
always fun to open let's start with a
box okay go for it
choose wisely Oh open my family are
Christians you heard some cars for you
I also been watching your vids for six
months also my grandma accidentally
subscribed to you not knowing who you
were oh yeah grandma i watch your bids
we're Christians - we think your vids
are so funny the first video I saw from
you is one of the fort ones I'm six and
a half we live in California so I'm
guessing this is his brother but it's
got some snacks Wow some ball cards book
it as well a holographic thank you
please read on camera from Gavin alright
where do you guys find these pictures
why am i so cut off I don't know more
juice dude oh here you go steer more
Jason - I think you should definitely do
a 24-hour fort and King Soopers
that would be kind of hard in the
grocery store I wanted me to guys so bad
I live in New York I always tell my
friends about you by the way my name is
Gavin the reason I watch your videos is
because they make me laugh
every time I watch them you put a
picture up here of me by the way and
then oh is this another letter I just
made sure I love your videos and pranks
or else so cool I can't wait to meet you
if you guys ever want to come to you New
York no yes yes what's your favorite
cookie our logo Broncos some classic old
picks we got a custom drawing and
another custom drawing this is for
Buford and Daisy here we are
oh we got some candy well thanks Gavin
and friend
what Oh what is in there - Justin Andy
this one's for us okay these are for the
wives if you guys are awesome and really
good youtubers and really funny and
congrats on new baby Andrew you are both
the funniest of youtubers I have ever
seen I saw just three days ago and I
will watch all your bids also this
what's that this title the fireball
challenge where you get to put two
fireballs in your mouth and see who can
have them in the longest whoever wins
get us I scream Bob by another person
oh these use you know what's funny is
I've actually done this with my dad
before this challenge yes if you win
there's a hard we did like six so okay
where did you get dad from I don't know
I don't let the Broncos sorry you guys
are awesome hoiy can you do more the
floors lava with Mary Brittany and some
other friends please
gee I'll consider it Oh Brianna
thank you for sending letters into the
snacks you are awesome fireballs wow I'm
actually surprised it's getting hot
they're getting pretty warm but it
tastes kind of glitter yeah oh I'm
hurting Thank You Brianna for sending
these as a good challenge idea
oh dear more justdo I've been watching
your videos since August every time I
get on my iPad a check for a new video
mama
Austin just a quick letter and he drew
this drawing for us we appreciate Bree
oh hi my name is Connor I live in
Arizona
you're the best youtubers ever I wash
your vids every day I'm eight here are
some candy who wears candy and didn't
come I guess I have subscribed yes cuz
PS my mom's a Firehouse Subs my mom owns
a Firehouse Subs here in Arizona she
said next time you're in Tucson come by
get a free sub on us oh yeah were these
two is epic you rock bro what trading
cards pack of cards maybe there's a rare
in here let's read the letter guys here
just need your uh hi I'm Michael I'm 11
years old and I'm statement fanmail
before but I put cards in this one I
thought you'd like them because you like
football and these cards are mixed max
you don't know what you're going to get
thank you for making your youtube
channel because you make me laugh and
smile when I watch it from Michael
Angelli born in March it didn't come
with any rares but definitely cool cards
dear more J's do please autograph the
Pokemon card included do not take it
it's from my brother me and him love
your channel please send me pokemon
cards love Eden so this is the Pokemon
Party wants us to send he said I do not
care if the
heart is where sin back I picked the
bigger package it feels like a shirt or
something soft in here what is it though
oh okay Wow dear just do it would be
cool if you could read in a fan mail
video we got you bro
you guys are awesome I love that you're
Christians in one way that you show it
is by not swearing as Christians we are
not of this world
we are of Christ and I believe that not
swearing is a great way to show that we
are different my name is Josh and I'm 16
years old my family came across your
videos a few months back and we have
gone through years of content
cheeese I own two 3d printers and I've
sent you a handful of 3d prints I hope
you like them and he also said also you
viewers who are watching this video I
want you to know that no matter what
you've gone through or what you have
done that Jesus loves you couldn't have
said any better myself guys so it's got
a list here of all the contents he made
us a bunch of 3d printed stuff so let's
check it out and savage a custom Fidji
spinner wait does it work dude oh that's
so cool guys he made this himself Wow
they made a custom dice he said this is
a Skyrim dragon head I think a
stormtrooper ring oh yeah guys look at
that
custom made plaque whoa even made a
carabiner dude how are you doing this
this is so sick dude you're a talented a
boat dude ah yours don't you do that
Josh thank you so much for sending all
this if you guys want to check out his
youtube channel it's 3d josh like you
wrote here bro really talents and stuff
thanks for taking the time to make us
it's this the my name is Lucy wait you
should Lucia I've been watching for
almost a year your videos make me smile
love how you don't care how weird the
video is you still post it very good my
favorite videos are your trampoline park
was and totally different boards
thank you for your clean funny uplifting
videos and have a great rest of your day
this if this is late for Christmas then
just put it on a tree in your yard sign
what ball Amy Foundation yeah thank you
so much for this we'll put it in right
away
woah yeah we got a snack for Buford and
Davey those are coolican snacks hi my
name is Jonah I'm 10 years old and I'm
from New Hampshire my three favorite
things are to go snowboarding watch you
guys and play football whoa bro I'm glad
we made the top three faves I am the
biggest fan more just do the best you
make me so happy everyday when I watch
your bitch so never stop doing videos on
YouTube also he wants us to give a shout
out to Colton and Brady fellas we got a
question what is your favorite movie of
all time
I like funny movies I can't pick one
right now Forrest Gump okay I'll pick
one I like good burger
how old is Buford and Daisy Daisy is two
years old
Buford's almost eight and then he sent
this quarters for the ball to auntie
foundation yes you are thank you thank
you so much Jonah for watching the bids
I think we have another letter that came
with it it said hi my name's Sawyer I
started watching more Jase - a couple
months ago and I'm six years old and I
like Buford and I have a dog and his
name
Rutherford my favorite thing to do is
snowboard at sky Zone
oh sure logo right here yeah man
well you picked a colorful package
Andrew this package whoever made this my
name is Bryce I live in Virginia
please come you were one of my favs you
do you always make me laugh
I'm gonna watch him for about three
years I took a small break I love that's
okay though I love you guys I'm trying
to collect YouTube signatures oh that's
cool
dad pickles
what does we got here it says Mary Mary
miss beauty mark oh that's cool
happy b-day more Jayce 200 a dad pickles
dad that's more Jase - are we on
hoverboards yeah yeah I like these
drawings these are funny this is for
Aaron's he's in a teepee for it he's
saying Oh nuts that one's my favorite
one
oh and football cards thank you so much
for the letter I'm guessing whoever sent
this Senate during Christmas time
because of the beautiful tape let's see
what's inside what is that what's in a
book yeah okay
Oh using money for the ball Danby dad
chase - okay here we go this PS this
book is for Andrews new kid Oh Barry
yes why you got a book he loves it
please read on camera hey tacos my name
is Cody I'm nine years old and I'm from
Massachusetts I love your vids and my
favorite one is the farts and Jaime seat
good work keep it up yes so we got you
sent a buck for the ball to any
foundation this is gonna go to a good
cause thanks man
and look he sent us to chewy bars oh hi
and dog treats hmm don't tell Buford
yeah he will find them if you don't tell
them right oh I forgot to quarters you
got some in an arrow what what goodness
bound
I love balde message keep it simple
hi dear Jase - my name is Zephie that's
cool I'm 10 I live in Oregon I'm
currently in Arizona though on a road
trip well that's fun
hashtag funny quarter for ball Mandy
well yes thanks what is this oh it's a
nightlight whoa lucky could have that
dress and play stickers yeah a talking
lip pinned some beef jerky some
pistachios well freeze-dried peach
slices I never heard of those let's get
in here try bite Wow you need to try is
it good or what mmm that's good
Zef ewwww thank you so much for the
package you got another box your folks
it's a box inside a box oh there's
something in here and it's not cure it
coffee you promised yes I'm here Oh wife
you sure what silly string yes I love
sandwich sign me ah they did before you
act why I did not write a letter by hand
my handwriting looks like a forbidden
language
back to the topic I love your videos and
they make me smile and please read this
note on can I am nine years old and my
name is Kiera I love your toilet paper
event and you need to do more and please
sign the sheesh t-shirt what oh wow
dollars to the bald Andy foundation here
you go thanks dad okay we're gonna sign
it we'll send it back to you Kira
thanks for watching whoa looks like a
birthday party in there
Wow happy birthday thank you this is
fences killing me
oh you should open this yeah my name is
Alyssa I've been watching for six months
and I saw you on a TV show called
truTV's top funniest
me and my brother watch you hope you
like the candy and toys I love your
channel I hope you like my drawings what
is that it's Groot believe this put them
here Baby Bop roots mushrooms
oh we gotta open this it's uh it's uh oh
what's this man star-lord man yeah boy
squishy that's a cool toy Alyssa thank
you so much for sending this oh man
grandma I love that grandma dad I this
is just incredible thank you turn it
Josh why'd you have to cut yourself
these scissors do not buy kids scissors
oh whoops
to take it to the doctor well it's not
bad but that kind of hurt please don't
get okay got better scissors some of you
guys do a good job wrapping after hours
of digging we have finally got the box
over ready
whoa hello JC oh my name is Luke I'm 12
years old I seen your previous mail and
when I saw Andy Rita it made my day so
thank you my favorite videos are the
cruise vlogs and fort miss ooh the
cruise vlogs inspired me to convince my
family to do a cruise and it was a blast
whoa Andrew why did a good job I'm so
happy you guys did that
what is this folks oh is that a big
block of wood yeah he painted it and put
this right on here dude this is cool
solid we got some Pokemon cards we got
some rares guys these are all rares
actually sports stickers for Barrett
there you go bud and what's behind this
it's a poster oh oh oh stealer what is
that
no all right wrap that back up anyways
thank you so much Luke for sending this
whoa look at this care package we this
looks so cool Andrew readings I'm very
talented here Justin a Jew my name is
Brenna and I'm from Texas I've been
watching for about two months and I have
a YouTube on my own my channel is dog
openes Justin I'm glad your wrist is
better uh-oh
whoop thank you you're definitely swag
as great as Justin Mary you're just a
lucky to have someone like me and you in
your life as well
Yeah right I hope you enjoy the snacks I
put two bags of dog treats for you
friend Daisy kids get their plushies all
of these for the kiddos what there's a
little pieces like bacon
oh he's gonna love that easy
yes there's a plushy for Mary oh I hope
you and Andrews kid enjoy mr. squiggles
as much as I did oh I hope the kid likes
the midget spinner Barrett already has a
new book
here you go berry that says am's future
kid so not Barrett
this is perverse brother or sister but
that's a bear so that like fits it well
Barrett how did she know that this one's
for you - please take good care of them
look at the cute little dog she gave me
and Brittany this guy was like Kevin
whoa it is keV Andrew who lives in a
pineapple under the sea this guy
bahahaha side down man Oh
crime fighter's oh cool mrs. rupiah's
Looby ders is death by toilet paper what
no way yes what is this Brittany got
Diary of a Wimpy Kid having fever so she
can read that if she was for Brittany
yes this is for Barrett is some sunblock
because I know it gets hot in Colorado
but so awesome I was not expecting that
wow that was a great care package thank
you so much for sending that come down
to the wire guy what do we got here we
got a Merry Christmas box okay it could
be inside Andrew what's your guess
what's next I have no guesses if you get
on a blank a ball for Kevin yo big ice
cube a spider in it fake chocolate
football stickers mm-hmm
you should make a homemade trampoline
park out of cardboard and other things
hmm you could add in a pastry course and
maybe a foam pit what course Oh obstacle
boy a made out of phases I like the
creativity they're there me and bald
Andy Oh bald who and Jesus oh dear more
Jase to do my name is Christian I'm 10
years old every day I watch your videos
and they're awesome it's so creative
when I'm sad you always cheer me up when
I'm sick i watch your videos and you
make me feel better
you are going to love my package I might
be your biggest fan a question that I
get asked a lot is my Christian and yes
I am sincerely Christian his name is
Christian and he's Christian yeah
Christian that's cool well Christian
extra taking the time to send us this
fun package we will give this to Kevin
and he's gonna have a fun day what do
you all think this could be I'm thinking
there's cards in a tin can
what's your guess there's definite tin
can with snacks Oh snacks what is it a
tin can with cards my name is Jack I'm
10 I've been watching bits for about a
month and a half and sorry my pen is
running an IV oh I really love your
personality in your vids whenever I am
sad I just wash your beds I feel better
awesome of your Funko pops in 24-hour
forts thank you so much for your
greatness there's a Peyton Manning
eating Peterson in rare common Pokemon
cars what oh yes that's a cool one too I
like this oh there they are
Peyton Manning and Adrian hey guys and
here's the pokemons Jack thank you so
much for sending this package we
appreciate you
well if you've made it to this point in
the video we applaud you Congrats thanks
for watching and as you can see I don't
know how long this video is but we
didn't even get to all these letters and
all these and then we have two other
boxes at home so man
so we're gonna have to do a letter
opening type of video or something I
don't know soon yeah stay tuned we will
be getting to these because we want to
after you guys took the time to send
them we'll take the time to read them
but other than that guys have a great
rest your day we'll see you back here
tomorrow bye bye
you
