good morning everybody welcome back to
vlogs it is a beautiful day out here in
California I don't know I'm not quite
sure how hot it is right now but as you
can see blue skies it's summer I'm out
here by the pool I really want to go in
it but it's actually kind of freezing
and it doesn't look like it's been
cleaned so dang it
and the jacuzzis cold oh but today's my
last day in California
if you guys missed yesterday's vlog had
a meeting here with Nickelodeon - I
auditioned for them so potentially down
the road maybe I'll work with them I'll
act with them we'll see but yeah today
we're Paul just going to be hanging out
Cody's coming over later so I'm going to
hang with him before I leave
probably go on a cruise here shortly on
the penny board but definitely need some
breakfast or something what's the menu
for breakfast today
salsa okay
before I go on my penny board cruise
let's say hi to bow hello oh not again
with the ringing all he does looks like
he doesn't want to be bothered this
morning
goodbye yes I love riding around this is
a nice Street - it's not like bumpy or
rigid II it's pretty smooth also there's
an orange tree up here y'all follow me
on snapchat yesterday
I randomly found it and took an orange
that was good this there's so many
oranges in here I love finding wild
trees that bear fruit if only I could
find some more lemons could you guys
imagine if watermelons grow on trees
like you see a big tree with just tons
of giant watermelons over it if that
were true I'd have I if I had a house
I'd buy so many watermelon trees
honestly guys this neighborhood is so
nice here in California this
neighborhood has a bunch of like
celebrities living here you have Kanye
and Kim's house Drake's house remember
there's there's a few other people I'm
trying to find their houses because we
last time I was here we got a genie the
other lady who works with Billie we're
showing us around thank you
where they are trying to find him okay I
think I may have found one of them if I
remember correctly I think this used to
be the Kardashian's house they filmed
that but I can't remember some of these
houses are huge starts here come all the
way over there I found one I can't
remember who lives here though because I
remember the cow have to ask when I get
back but whoa
but I made it to top of the hill great
view up here Wow guys can you imagine
like waking up here waking up to this
house you come out here watch the sunset
or sunrise I can't remember which way it
goes but just taking a nice stroll ride
some horses wow this is awesome so this
is like a side trail these trails go
through all the neighborhoods really and
I hear people talking up here I don't
know if it's maybe one of the
celebrities or not since this is their
house so I'm gonna try walk by and see
okay I couldn't I couldn't see but look
what I just walked out into oh my gosh
the views here was so nice oh no guys I
use this this stuff seeing stuff like
this is inspiration like it's not really
a matter of being jealous but looking at
it like wow these people worked hard and
got to where they are now and look what
they're doing it's just it's really cool
okay I just got back and I figured out
that it that house was just talking
about is Jessica Simpson and her
husband's house it used to be owned by
Ozzy Osbourne but now they live here so
pretty crazy
so Billy is in a meeting right now and
I'm going to pick up Elijah from school
yeah feel like a real-life dad right now
I'm waiting to pick up son
Oh son I'm here son
you've arrived how a school son this
real-life Cody guys hey he's taking me
to the airport now because I have to go
home we didn't really get to hate no we
did but at least I got to see you oh
yeah be Brittany Andrew and Mary will be
back soon and we'll all hang yes do show
some videos with cameras yeah code you
got a 360 cam
so we're some good ideas yep thanks for
taking me to the airport no problem
we are back at the airport folks it's
time to go home have an 8:00 dinner or
even lunch yet so I'm starving
hopefully have enough time to get some
yes we'll see though
made it through security with time to
spare got about 20 minutes okay
I really don't like LAX the only two
options are Starbucks or Burger King
and I literally hate eating at fast food
I am finally back home in Colorado it
was a fun quick trip Brittany's coming
to get me right now it's like 11:00 p.m.
Brittany actually had some interviews
this week some meeting some audition so
that's why she wasn't out with me in
California boy thanks for picking me up
now let's go there's a fruit and it's an
apple it's nice yes
Hopi snacks and then I got you a drink
your mama got it thank you so much
you're the best wife ever
I love you too Daisy what are you doing
Oh what are you doing she has a runner
hold no good there's just not for you to
have can I have that back this is for
the washer this is for the detergent not
for you 1:00 a.m. it's time for bed I am
too tired to even think anymore and so
is Daisy apparently
good night everybody I went to my
meeting and did the audition it was
super fun I think they liked me as a
person and everything now it's just kind
of like a waiting game with acting and
everything
