good morning guys as you can see it's
still dark out it's 4 a.m. right now and
I am flying to California Los Angeles I
haven't told you guys this is it but
I'll tell you more soon
just arrived at the airport now I got to
get through security
and get on the flight good grief
security lines are long today yeah Yi Li
I made it just in time it's 6:20 right
now and the doors closed at 6:35 that
would have been really bad if I miss
this flight
so I just landed in California and the
reason why I am here is because as you
guys know I love acting and that's my
ultimate dream is to act and everything
so there's an opportunity out here that
I'm pursuing and I have a meeting to go
to
I've been standing out here for like 30
minutes trying to get in uber and I
think I finally got one
taken forever here traffic's pretty bad
today but he likes yes I've made it and
I am staying with Billy
you guys know Billy I'm staying with him
while I'm out here and I'm going to a
studio right now because he has dance
class and I'm just gonna be chilling
with them for today because my meetings
not till tomorrow
just get a quick breakfast here at my
Fit foods this is beef it with it
I just got the breakfast tacos yes
cappuccino yes and we got a warmed up
tacos they're having a dance class out
there under seat and breakfast and
hanging and I think I'm going to try
lyft I've done uber every time and I'm
just not really happy with uber lately
and I've heard really good things about
lyft so I think I might try it while I'm
here and let you guys know give you like
a full review of what I think about uber
uber and lyft let's go see what's going
on out here just take a quick peek
pulling up in the Escalade folks I get
to take this to my acting and acting
coach out here because I'm going to like
a meeting slash audition I have some
lines and I'm going to be going over
them with this acting coach before which
is tomorrow so I get to borrow the
Escalade to take it there and it's
convenient only 10 minutes away guys I'm
here I'm gonna go in I'm probably not
gonna vlog because I'll be awkward but
I'll let you know how it goes here in
one second all done guys it's like an
hour session it went great I got some
great practice with my lines he helped
me with a lot of direction and some
things that I haven't even really been
thinking about so
I'm just I'm feeling great right now but
I'm also hungry so I'm meeting Billy and
Eric here at the mall in the food court
guys oh ho what up fam ha ha you have a
good morning are you doing what okay so
we're doing a hip hop class tonight
Billy's practicing hey Billy we're gonna
be learning this yeah what up Elijah
yeah dab on him you ready to dance
Elijah Elijah you ready to dance
okay no more dabbing there's no bad
attitude
okay guys I am so sorry about the slack
of vlogs lately last night I left my
camera in the studio and we drove to
Billy's house and it's a little ways
from here so I wasn't able to upload
anything but I got it back now we're all
good but I went to my meeting and did
the audition it was super fun
I think they liked me as a person and
everything now it's just kind of like a
waiting game with acting and everything
you got to wait and then they'll get to
you if they have a role that they could
fit you well so yeah I'm really glad I
did I feel good
yes I'm getting some of these and then
buffalo queso chips sounds so good and
then I always need a kombucha in my life
Oh what I haven't seen this flavor
raspberry rush yes time for dinner and
Billy is cooking up a fabulous meal
what's for dinner Billy this is chicken
milanesa we went to blue aprons day and
made us special little meals right here
where's that why it's called ingredients
they apparently blue apron they ship you
all the ingredients and tell you how to
make it so that's what's happened oh
this looks so good
got potatoes hey guys ah also grumpy cat
how you feeling today good or not well
guys it looks like it's time for bed I'm
pretty tired it's been a long day I got
up early and did some walking around the
neighborhood I wrote the penny board if
you guys follow me on snapchat you
probably you know that since you didn't
see this in the blog but I also want to
show you my headshots real quick for
acting just got this one and this one so
usually want to go to like casting calls
or stuff I'll bring these I have a ton
more but those are the two main ones I
have I guess we will see what happens
down the road if Nickelodeon or any
other network wants to work with me I'm
going to keep reaching out to companies
and go into auditions and stuff and
obviously you guys will be here along
the way if you choose to and I'll keep
you guys updated if anything happens but
oh yeah and one more thing before I end
the vlog I want to show you guys the
commercial that me and Tyler filmed like
it was like a month plus last late last
year if you guys remember that vlog
here's the
or commercial we did and I just want to
show you guys it so enjoy this year I
have the perfect new year's resolution
for me you have a new year's resolution
seriously yeah why you make these
resolutions every year and they never
end up well what are you talking about
last year you said you'd exercise every
morning the year before that you said
you're gonna be a better boyfriend to
Michele in my defense that was totally
her nothing to do with me you were gonna
save more money you said I'm gonna be
more organized I'm gonna be a better
brother dude I didn't mean it man I'm
going to Els uh yeah I'll take cheese
I'm gonna learn something new I'm gonna
be a better friend so sorry hey look all
right I get okay but this year is
different this year I can keep this
resolution okay my resolution is to have
zero resolutions
that is the worst thing I've ever I
thought was a good idea yeah thanks so
much for coming along today's vlog I
hope you guys have a great night great
day stay happy pursue your dreams
inspire yourself how can you better
yourself today for your tomorrow mm-hmm
ask yourself that that's what I do so
anyways I will go to bed now and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
go back are you ready yeah you might
want to close your eyes I don't like
this sludge getting in your eyes
