good morning everybody today I thought I
might do something fun I want to do
something outside but it's so windy it
stinks the wind brought in a bag and put
it in our Bush come on I'm glad I fixed
the door on the shed because I feel like
this wind would have just blown it off
so I would I had to fix it anyways but
you know what I got it done first take
that wind seven have some breakfast
hmm I don't know it's a half time for a
shower I really want to go on a little
adventure outside even though it's like
super windy front of the weather said
maybe 20 mile-per-hour winds so it's not
gonna be great for vlogging and that's
for sure
but the wind will not stop me I'm going
outside
I gotta get bundled up because it's also
wee bit chilly chilly windy I'm going
outside now before I leave I wanted to
show you how much money we have raised
on ball bandy t-shirts
you've sold 29 shirts and a hundred and
eighty eight bucks guys yeah
nine days remaining so that's close to
200 dollars raised good job guys keep it
up and there's also the money bag which
we counted a while ago and I'm trying to
remember how much there was in here I
want to say around $200 ish so we got
this Plus this and there's some more fan
mail over there a big bag of it which
I'm assuming there's a couple other
dollars in there if you haven't bought a
shirt yet go buy one alright let's go
okay all right it says there's a bridge
over look this way
so I'm gonna go check it out oh and yeah
I did get a new car over the weekend and
it's pretty cool I guess it's a Dodge
Durango so yeah should be fun in the
snow and driving up to the mountains and
Aaron gets my old Ford Explorer which I
had that car for nearly ten years at the
bridge maybe it's not as windy over here
which is great I see something this is
kind of cool I guess let's get a little
bit more windy let's continue this way
Paul he loved this Canyon okay is it
cool of you find this bridge
I left my map in the car cuz I figured
it was just right here but there are so
many trails I will keep going this way I
have a good feeling inner Canyon
trailhead don't think there's a bridge
down here maybe I can look down here and
see oh oh look I said chipmunk where'd
he go
oh there he is oh hello are you cute
it's me
chipmunk
that's his house I guess hmm there's an
ice on he'll whoa this is cool but I
don't see a bridge anywhere ouch
now was it filming but I just slipped on
the ice wow this is very slick down here
by the way this wasn't the bridge I was
hoping to find but it's a bridge oh this
is bouncy I don't see any other bridges
I'm gonna try and get a cool pic on the
bridge here's a cool spot so I set up a
camera I got a couple cool pics so
hopefully I can't really see very well
but hopefully this will be on my
Instagram that's pretty cool yeah just
some walking that was fun
you might go back to the car now and see
what else there is to explore around
here and hopefully I don't slip on the
ice going back up this is where I
slipped coming down and it's hard
getting up as well jeez
I'm gonna make it up this hill it's the
last thing I do here this is a really
cool spot I'm in a way they made this
staircase it's pretty cool
Oh poop thankfully I have a little snack
I didn't think that I could be that long
I think he says like two miles it's not
that long but it was more than I was
anticipating
place the rockwool then I will get on
top of this it looks like there's some
more trail that way let's go take a look
look what I found
fool like amphitheater setup if you
wanna give a talk down there if you
wanted maybe a TEDx talk this is a suite
bench plus the view out here whoa Pikes
Peak
see that's about it here folks I just
love this view of Pikes Peak
I think that's someone's house over
there
what the time to head back home get some
lunch and yeah all right let's go
hey Buford anybody owe you for that
looks good you want some I can tell mmm
yeah this is one of my favorite
seasonings to put on chicken and stuff
an apple wood chip Oatley rub mmm it's
good from these guys and a kombucha not
for you we have some cookie dough left
over in the freezer I pour some Captain
America cookies just a little bit of
dough left so I'm gonna throw that in
the oven
it makes them yummy Captain America
cookies Captain America cookies now
while those bake I'm gonna play some
division yeah I really want to make a
gameplay of this I just haven't done it
yet so maybe you later today I'll do
that yes make sure to turn off the oven
glass of milk I'm taking the big cookies
cookies videa gaymes well that's it for
today's vlog thanks for watching I had
fun going and exploring I wanted to go
someplace I'd never been before so
that's what I did
it was fun I think the wind died down a
little which is nice it's been so windy
the past couple of days
I think there's a storm coming sorry I
didn't upload the past couple days we
didn't upload Saturday and then Monday
so we just didn't have anything sorry
about that I think it was funny someone
commented on my Instagram like did you
guys quit YouTube where the vlogs
well we didn't quit YouTube because we
missed two vlogs I just sometimes it
happens so yeah anyways thanks for
watching we'll see you guys next time
alright
see by cool for it I guess yeah
unfortunate
this is gonna put the door on least try
but I was in here I found something
interesting
