good morning guys hi good morning guy on
we have some awesome news that I want to
tell you before the vlog starts here we
are
the Baldini t-shirts are out hey doesn't
want color though there's three
different colors you got the white this
kind of silver gray and then this black
so all you got to do is go to teespring
comm slash bald Andy you can grab yours
now and the cool thing about this is the
shirts are twenty dollars a piece
now since we're doing this through
teespring they're a company they have to
take their percentage portions of the
money so I think it's like we get eight
dollars per shirt but we're going to
take 100% of the proceeds and donate it
to this organization called beauty for
Ashes in Uganda which is really cool by
the way now looks point yeah they're
this basically it's this lady we know we
actually met with her recently my mom
went on a missions trip out there in
Uganda and it's this basically it is
this group of single moms out there and
they have literally nothing and so what
the money is going to do is help sustain
them it's not just the money is not just
going to go towards them and like here
use this money we're going to help teach
them things that they need to learn like
gardening schooling is very important
over there because that's the most
important thing that you can give to
people in need is education anything
else really think education because they
have to pay to go to school like
everybody does and since they live off
like less than a dollar a day from their
work it's really hard to afford higher
education ball bandy t-shirts are going
to help them yeah and we're gonna tell
her to film when she goes out there in
June to film like what's happening so
you guys can see where your money's
going like what's happening and I think
it's gonna be really really cool for us
is yeah people to get involved in very
cool so they got the single moms there's
also kids there that can go to school
and some of them are the heads of
households are like 13 14 years old and
they're the ones running the show so
yeah it's sad but
we can do some good work here guys yeah
we want to make a difference in with
your guy's help we can all make a big
difference together so get a cool shirt
make it everyday you get a cool shirt
you can wear it around yeah by today
it's only up for 14 days by the way yep
only 14 days 13 days and four hours left
I'm gonna build something today I'll
show you here's the door to our shed
outside which we don't have anything in
right now because the doors broke so
there's a lot of storage space in here
but this door is like falling apart
ah so I'm gonna build a new door I'm not
really a carpenter or I don't really
build stuff that often so I hope I can
do this I feel like I can so I'm gonna
try and if you ever feel like being
creative just build something I think it
releases some creative juices in your
brain and it's fun so yeah that's what
I'm gonna do right now
let's go to Lowe's all right I got the
door cut to the specified measurements
all right now we're gonna add the
molding on the sides and yeah be able to
install it here's the siding I'm
probably gonna have to go back to Lowe's
because I thought I would have had I
thought I had enough of these but I'm
one short I don't have one for up there
see this is for a different part of the
shed so I gotta go back get one more
piece of wood so let's go thankfully
Lowe's is just down the street here's
the wood I need start picking it out cuz
all the boards are warped
see gotta make sure the boards are
straight see take a look at this guy
definitely not straight like most of
these boards are all warped come on guys
this one's pretty straight he's a keeper
in other news my belt broke when I was
bending over so thanks a lot Dockers
mm-hmm-hmm got everything screwed in
let's go see if it fits
old door new door cool for it I guess
yeah unfortunately this is going to
leave put the door on least try but I
was in here I found something
interesting
Jim's gun case we now have the Keith you
is
where's his case though I don't know and
who is Jim I don't know but he's got
guns so watch out now we can't use he's
like that gum at where the keys go oh
yeah that was only thing in here I found
that was cool
the door is officially on and it's windy
you gonna test to see if it works this
week's segment of will it open Wow good
but I closed
yay I just got back from going to an Air
Force hockey game with my mom and dad
and I brought the vlog camera but I left
it in the car so didn't get to vlog
anything Air Force one though so that's
fun
I'm laughing at you you hidden Buford
you're like cuddled up on the couch I
think that's it for today's vlog thanks
for watching what what did you just say
what I guess I hate you guys since I'm
ending the vlog I'm sorry I was also
thinking I know some of you like longer
vlogs like 15 20 minutes long but I
think shorter vlogs are fun too
because you don't have to spend so long
watching them for six seven minutes
before bed and then you go to bed you
want to spend 20 minutes staying up but
yeah long vlogs are fun too I was just
saying for an example
Justin and I are thinking of doing more
giveaways on our instagrams so you
should definitely go follow us on
Instagram if you aren't already there's
going to be some fun giveaways that you
guys will enjoy I promise go follow us
on Instagram go buy a bald Andy t-shirt
and we'll see you guys in tomorrow's
vlog alright alright alright you guys
want to know something very annoying
about Buford
self-control yesterday King Soopers had
a buy one get one free deal for bagels
so Aaron bought you know bought 2 packs
of bagels one was free and this is the
other one there's only one left because
they were sitting on the table and when
Merida got up this morning somebody ate
the entire pack of bagels somebody ate
the entire pack of bagels
who was it Buford who was it I can't
believe you did that
I just that it's never our stuff blows
my mind
thank you we were trying to think of a
time when he was alone and we still
can't even think get out of this cereal
breakfast food don't this mind is just
food that's all he wants in life is food
he goes on rounds ha ha he must have be
like in the middle the night he got up
on we were asleep when ate all the
bagels the open the door when ate all
the bagels they came back to bed ahh
I'll see you guys tomorrow ok bye yeah
are you ready yeah you might want to
close your eyes I don't like this sludge
getting in your eyes
Oh
