good morning fellow viewers and friends
andrew has an update for you this guy is
so screwed oh dude what happened thought
he can park here forever look honey
party if he has what oh my gosh whose
easiness do not attempt to move this
vehicle oh there's no way you can't we
are at Walmart now yeah why we're here
do something fun for vlog you guys have
any guesses
we don't always come to Walmart but when
we do we go to the toy section yeah
where are the nerves yeah guys we're
here to see if they have any new nerf
guns
you know what's about to happen the
nurse used to be like hey here squirt
nice I mean we could get squirt guns
oh damn a handle Oh
Walmart still doesn't have the rival
nerf gun far behind oh my gosh hmm okay
scratch the nerf gun idea I found
something better
maybe yeah we don't know but booger
balls literally this sounds so fun we
can have
booger battles we think we're gonna get
these and try them out
style see this one's yellow and this
one's red oh wow so we're trying to
think of what to get cuz they have the
booger flicker the booger ultimate
battle pack some sort of booster pack
and then just the pack yeah I don't know
which one to get we're back you ready -
booger battle let's do it dead dead dead
- gotta go meet them first yeah guys
let's go create them if you've heard you
want some butters all right so it says
you need a large bowl a medium bowl and
a spoon which we just come out now we
need to open these and get these ready
okay okay you will need a tablespoon and
a water measuring cup okay step 1 pour
25 ounces of water plus booger bath into
a bowl and mix okay are you ready kids
aye aye captain
what's that leftovers next step open the
booger bath and pour it in the water
easy enough
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa Wow and we got
to do the same thing with a small bowl
except in this bowl we put the booger
mix yucky yellow that's white
Oh yep you mix it up and you mix up the
yellow color
oh it's kind of goop let's go this
burgers dude oh oh
all right mad scientist Andrea what are
the next steps it says to shake that and
it forms a booger ball in there that's
what miss the crucial step yeah in the
bath okay
something's happening you're doing a
good job what the hey there it is haha
let the battle begin
Yipes here's one ball now let's go in
the bath
hey guys were having a booger ball
tournament if anybody wants to come over
we'll see if anybody wants to come over
school just got out all right here's a
group text that we kind of touched in so
let's see y'all want to have a booger
battle I've no idea what that even means
and replied huh
that looks so weird so I do want to test
it out and fire it Andrew what it says
they're biodegradable non-toxic and safe
for clothes so we are now outside
because we want to test these out I want
to fire it Andrew
so where do you want to take the impact
you just do a straight on my head okay
quick scoop here that's too many boogers
good oh it's not yeah are you ready yeah
you might want to close your eyes I
don't want this sludge getting in your
eyes what does it feel like
yeah dude see the aiming of these are
not the best the eight your turn okay ah
it's like a big club dude bucket balls
the battle is just beginning
maybe this was a bad idea oh it looks
like 8:00 show me show them the damage
oh you have it all over your hands I can
use this and set that was a good shot or
right there that was a good one this is
my mom's gonna kill me
don't tell her though you've got all
this stuff on my shirt it wasn't allowed
to get wet today it's right there guys
you see here you see the battle wounds
ouch it's right there guys you see it
you see the battle wounds ouch
and I haven't had the fun since eating
breakfast
how's my favorite excuse as a kid my mom
said I wasn't allowed to get wet today
grounded now I'm gonna do a long shot
over over here maybe yeah
okay fire do these flickers are the
worst thing try to hit the shed
yeah if nice
thank goodness these things are
biodegradable merry comes on Andrew
what's all over the wall you had to pick
up the backyard now oh my gosh when I
cross the street tomorrow we can set up
like a little place here when kids get
out of school we can blast them Oh
Buford would jewel I definitely have to
say the battle meeting just had is one
to remember
yeah we fought the fight and we finished
the battle it takes just as long to set
up as it does to clean off the battle
that's why it's so fun what would you
rate this product this toy game is
whatever this is it's pretty interesting
so I mean just on the name itself I'll
be at least a seven um we still have
another pack with a battle packet
Christian sabotage somebody with that oh
I will my Andrews trying to chuck it
across the street
truck accurate at him me and a juror
can't believe how warm it is right now
yeah it feels like summer to you sure
does I can't wait for summer's gonna be
so fun
I've been waiting for summer ever since
the first day of winter though the or
the last day of summer actually last
year but last day Center oh come on
yep that's how I felt it's just perfect
out blue skies no just pure warmth right
now what do you say no dang it so I just
got back home probably gonna change this
shirt cuz I got a bunch of that gunk on
me and Brittany are probably gonna go on
a dinner date but a package just came
I'm so excited about this package
because it's from this company that
makes insanely awesome snowboarding like
gear that's just like one part of their
company and we saw their stuff on their
website like oh my gosh we need to wear
this on the snowboarding slopes because
if you guys remember if you watch our
snowboarding vlogs we are talking about
how many and you want to do like themes
every time we go you guys are going to
love these suits so I'm not going to
show you them like the full thing just
yeah I'll just give you a quick glimpse
that's it
I thought ah we're going to Best Buy
yeah
new game just came out probably know
what it is let's go look at it the
division I thought there's only two left
but I've found a lazy shelf with up to
an is another eight ah they got a lot of
them don't worry about it guys we have
our division here guys ah it's probably
the first time I can really remember
that I got ID'd to buy a video game I
didn't get ID'd it's not even like it's
rated M for blood and violence like it's
for the graphic content I add to ID you
I guess I'm all day and it just looks
very young hey I'm 18 I promise all
right what are we doing now it's time
for the division unboxing oh wow looks
like a don't steal my code guys don't
you don't me though cuz I have that new
game smell yeah now ping pong all done
it's a really good dinner I just want to
point out we're at Whole Foods now this
is at the entrance they have oranges
asparagus strawberries do they think
asparagus is really that appealing to
people driving by
oh I don't think so if I drove by say oh
look asparagus we have to stop yes
coffee mission coffees yes so I bought
this a while ago we bought the coffee
bean burr grinder a kettle and then I
just bought this so now we can
officially make coffee and just like
that we got some fresh coffee but yeah
probably gonna relax watch some shows
now thanks for watching today's vlog
guys ball bandy shirts will be live
tomorrow officially so come back
tomorrow if you want a shirt for a good
cause and hopefully we'll see you mom
good bye so me and Andrew now are at
acting class bald no one's here
with only people here we're going to
start coming
