good morning everybody we're here with
Aaron the crew Nick Andrew where we
going get some coffee and some bagels
just for fun these these beans really
were desperate so we said fine we'll go
with you and it's a lovely day out as
well blue skies Sun here we are
hey what's up how you doing good
oopsie yeah and you said a caramel mocha
right yeah that's I'm a medium medium
yeah yeah yeah yeah I got a clear copy
okay it's like a clear hot sauce so I
was like very cool Einstein's okay
Andrew that was brewed I was just saying
say hi again
hi
good whoa here you went ham yeah a
desert Oh 13 bagels right there what's
this ah have you taken a good lines
these are baked tiles these have yellow
phenols on me Giles rush our door now
squalls and we're back home now and Nick
is gonna try some old smokey ah wait
really spicy that's what that's like
wait wait okay go hmm what do you think
uh uh you you're desperate to put this
on some chicken wings spicy vinegar it
is he the guys I am so excited just got
home and me and Brittany got our book
finally that we ordered from Steven
Furtick he's like our favorite pastor
and he just released this book so we
pre-ordered it and it just came in oh I
am so excited to start reading this
unqualified how God uses broken people
to do big things all man so we're
probably going to be reading through
this every day and we'll let you guys
know what we learn and obviously even
before reading it I think you should
pick it up because he is such an
inspiration in my life and Bernie's life
that I know he can have an effect on
your life
so me and Andrew now our acting class
bulb no one's here with only people here
we're going to start coming to acting
class trying it out today see how it
goes
should be fun I don't know if we're
gonna be able to vlog any of it though I
might try but
uh-uh yo got a script here we're doing
some commercial work today you're really
thinking of what right so they think
about that shrink it down to just one I
don't care who it is you don't need to
tell me that's your secret
that's what Act that's what it's about
hello ladies look at your man now back
to me
look at your man back to me sadly he's
not me but he could be he stopped using
ladies scented body wash she started
using an Old Spice body wash
good morning everybody I'm with Andrew
right now and he wanted me to film him
with the vlog camera hi I have a weird
question for you yeah is wondering if
you have like a BB gun so we have this
squirrel and we're treating like candy
anyways anyways Andrew got a package
that he's desperate to open not sure
what it is I know what it is but you
don't yet Oh what is it hey Denver
Broncos blu-ray the Superbowl DVD what
is that a movie yeah you are excited
well I'm really happy Andrew got his
package but moving on we were going to
prank right now well first we're going
to the mall we're thinking you're gonna
do we're looking at some of our other
popular videos and puppets in library
did really well and we told you guys in
that video leave a thumbs up if you want
to see more and it got like forty
thousand likes we haven't done part two
yet so we're gonna go see if there's
more puppets we can get here we are
quick snack at chick-fil-a here we are
it's your move puppet paradise hoping
they have some new flavors paying one
helium yeah there's the pirate we have
here's a doctor a princess a cheerleader
a cowgirl yeah is a scary lion babe
maybe Lily leaks mm-hmm I can't decide
which which one all right we got some
folks not gonna show you what though
don't look and the next minute you will
show you okay we had to take a quick pit
stop back at Andrew's house because we
forgot Andrews parents house because we
forgot some characters there two of
those yeah what's Aaron up to today
school yep Aaron a his you better be at
school
I were back in the library again guys
yeah we have to show him what characters
we got the cheers Wan what's-her-name
negret in here's mine cute nurse yeah we
found the nurse and she has a mask so
guys we're done in the library but we're
going Hey ha ha got on the scenes of a
behind the scenes anyway we're going to
this new taco shop that just opened up
we've been waiting for five months and
it's finally open so I'll see what this
is all about I love tacos
follow this way versus but this is where
you order guys this is cool
and there are all the tacos man Oh Oh
taco a a nacho is Collette Oh Oh a taco
came yes Collette though this is gonna
be good by you
hey say something very random hey guys
it's me pal Gasol goodbye sod it
you'll see it you'll see Andrew in like
two seconds but yeah see you can see him
okay I just got home and you guys have
to see the smoothies Brittany just made
what the creativeness is this it's
called Pinterest
well Pinterest looks good don't worry
what is this exactly
you can go show them mechanic is it like
super messy totally cut beats on the
like the cutting board and I ruined the
cutting board for there's beets mangoes
and all kinds of berries coconut milk so
sick your goodness right
got some dinner cooking we have a
Orangetheory workout tonight
so we have a little bit of time before
we go got some broccoli steamed broccoli
chicken and mushrooms
all right all done with a delicious
dinner and we are now at Orangetheory
about to get a sick workout in I think
today is another strength day so it's
probably tough might not blog much of it
but we're doing it excited Brett
yeah Brits a little under the weather
right now so hope she'll be better
just got down with a killer workout got
her protein in feeling refreshed and
energized surprisingly usually have two
workouts I'm all tired and everything
you can get workout epic not agree with
your dad I'm just sick yeah but it is
Tuesday for us which means five dollar
movies so we're at the movie theaters
right now about to see Zootopia Andrew
saw until it was super good and Tyler
and Becker coming to see it too because
they haven't seen it my guys they seem
like a good group of friends
just got back home it is 11 it's about
time for bed folks but Zootopia was
amazing definitely a movie I would
recommend Andrew and Mary liked it as
well
I mean honestly just a good movie all
around animation movies nowadays are
getting really good and I I don't know
I'm really starting to like them more so
creative and like just entertaining so
if you're looking for a new movie DC
definitely go check out that movie
because we liked it I'm sure you will as
well but since it is 11 are probably
going to go to bed now pretty tired but
thanks for coming along and watching
today's vlog guys it was fun having you
here hope you enjoyed your stay and I
guess we'll see you guys tomorrow
goodnight and goodbye begins of training
cuddling
what
