DJ's all packed up
yep he's leaving but we're gonna go get
lunch first so hey you just ate my pizza
and yes this pizza place actually has
vegan pizzas so DJ is very happy about
that
whoa morning ouch Pizza yeah yo the
squad favorite into Tyler dad huh really
yes
on the wholefoods now DJ needs some
snacks for the road so yeah that could
keep you going at the drives late hours
today
I'm gonna pack up as much energy as I
can
yeah I never knew what kombucha was
anyone interested in some crunchy bean
snacks pulps time for DJ to go I'm just
gonna watch all the vlogs on the way
home that we did this week and cry as
you're driving yeah well I'll see you
guys soon yeah we'll see ya thanks for
watching this has been another DJ
production today is not over but it has
like 12 hours it's like 11 12 hours
right yeah it's like 11 and a half turns
into 12 it's almost 1 o'clock so you
might get home around 1:00 a.m.
alright bye meri and I are on our way to
see a movie we're gonna see Zootopia
just came out this weekend and should be
pretty good
hi Zootopia forty-three seats out of 200
so I would suggest 340 ok yeah Brittany
and I are now in the mall these are so
much better oh my gosh those are perfect
Wow
Oh guys look look at Britney's hair yes
she got it dyed back to brown yeah
looking fresh but Brittany's doing
getting her blog up and running again
soon and it's gonna be something she's
working on all the time right yeah every
day it's just like I have to rebrand
I don't know at this time I feel really
serious about it oh yeah we got we're
looking for some 70s glasses and those
are definitely the best it's my turn to
say goodbye to DJ no I'm just gonna
watch though all the vlogs and cry the
whole way home it's okay you'll be home
soon and you'll be back here soon that's
not soon but widows fun hanging guys
check out DJ's channel links will be in
the description you got pranks music
he's the vlogs
not anymore you were about to say blocks
yeah maybe soon I don't know I live in
like apartment and like I don't really
like know too many people have near zone
right now so like I don't do enough
stuff to vlog right now like I don't
know you guys do stuff every day and
it's like so cool I'm just like sitting
around hey maybe you'll be maybe that
will change soon you never know know
that's what I'm hoping for like I kind
of moved there just to like get settled
and then figure it out so I want to get
back out to LA or maybe somewhere so we
have like 40 minutes until the movie
starts so we're just at Best Buy looking
around looking at blu-ray movies see
what they got Zootopia
we're back home now what did you think
of the movie
so good it was basically like every cop
movie except just animals but they're so
very good fun yeah funny good exciting
here we are
what does this look Brittany I don't
know it's like I just 70s
we found a nice big red door let's do
this now that we're done me and Brittany
are back at Barnes & Noble I'm really
starting to like love this place so good
how's it going finding cool reads yeah
what type of books are you looking at
well what is this sewing with rescued
materials oh my goodness yeah and then
something fashion II yeah alrighty guys
it is the end of the vlog now I know to
this vlog is short but
you know I don't like Sundays no post on
Sundays Harry Potter reference Andrew do
you get that yeah he said no post on
Sundays I've never seen Harry Potter so
I don't get it that's that's fine for
deep pants I guess
but yeah usually on the weekends guys we
if you've been following us for a while
we don't post on Sundays everybody
deserves a day of rest and not uploading
so that's why we just take it off and
just you guys should take a day off
don't matter
Sunday Friday Wednesday yeah and that's
what I did this weekend I kind of
disconnected a little bit went up to the
cabin well there's no internet and just
hung out read some books I think it's
really important in addition if you're
not doing that right now you definitely
should be I don't know if you remember
me but I told you that one thing at that
one place at that one time will you ever
make toilet paper for us again yes we
haven't made totally fit reports in the
longest time I don't know why we haven't
done that should we do it soon
probably not but guys we promise we'll
do them again soon sorry we haven't joel
got suspended from school for calling
his science teacher a sandwich
are you serious dole I don't know if I'm
trying to think if this is just a funny
comment or if he's serious if you're
serious I'm sorry I got suspended you
shouldn't have but if you call me a
sandwich I would give you a raise I'd
give you an a-plus in the class here's
Nicole office asked me for it if you
want spectators
hey Buford you want some potatoes
Buford do you want some potatoes Buford
you want some potatoes well I guess
we'll see you later that's all we got
goodbye yes yes yes GJ starting it off
hits the back of the fence Mary's
getting stuck DJ's killing it come on
bro yes
