hey guys welcome back to vlogs quick
announcement from Buford um he put
pillows on himself why'd you do that
I just sitting here as I Justin did you
put those pillows on Buford and he was
like no oh he should like some you lay
in my bed right now we're trying to
think of pizza prank ideas because DJ
wants to do a pizza prank I do yeah
funny comes about no yeah I mean working
late coming up with funny ideas right
you fellas sound we just you being
regular doings just got to capitalize on
just do it and in the meantime making
some lunch we're also going to go to the
trampoline park today so that should be
very fun haven't been there in a while
good workout good flips so we got to
move our cars because the pizza guy for
the pizza prank is probably going to be
walking in here we're going to have it
all involved in here as well so we're
going to move our course there we go put
some space so what's the quickest man
he's going to have to complete some
challenges for extra case then we're
setting up right now some will be
involved in here we're not giving em
away but though involve this so that's
gonna be one not with actual beer right
cuz he's got delicious has to make a
shot do you guys know where dad is
where's dad
we are at King Soopers now because we're
doing a the hotshot challenge I got the
mini goblets all perfect and we also
need normal glasses now we need the
puppies what's like the mini go ballets
rogues yes is this enough puppies
because if you guys remember yesterday's
vlog we bought three sauces it's like
basically beer pong but except there's
no beer alcohol involved it's just hot
sauce no hey we're doing it with you
this time 25k comes guys this is kid
city put the cuffs on the very edge of
the white line Oh are these official
pong rules
splash Punk splash pong rules oh we get
the little guys here we're gonna fill up
with these shits hey dude it's just a
prank bro I'm just afraid for the camera
right here dude I was really pissed this
is a break it's totally cool right you
okay
clean up I guess yeah okay I mean in the
video sure yeah look viral we're trying
to get some practice in Oh
airball well got him whoa one hot show
how it's done what hey OH
missing everyone alright guys we just
finished the challenge we're not gonna
tell you who won know what you guys are
gonna have to check out the challenge
one it's upload I'm not sure when but
hey DJ what are you doing
are you okay think I'm okay what were
you thinking man
Oh J those aren't off-road vehicles guys
it's nighttime now I'm guess where we're
at
skies out who's excited got me Andrew DJ
Aaron Britney Mary and Becca's coming to
we're gonna jump for actually since
today's Friday they have a deal two
hours for sixteen dollars so normally
what else yeah so it's a very good deal
can't move Beach
stuck who likes Andrews shirt who
remembers where this is from me DJ
yeah DJ was in this video as well yeah
no I totally remember that one in he did
with the falling
no guys Becca can do a backflip lot yeah
Mary and Brittany's epic trick holy crap
haha first person front flip
whoa come on
how to properly run on trampolines
all right my turn next
Oh first try PCC slam give me that ball
Oh Inc
moving onto the foampit now you know
what we do
yeah
they're doing a race right now touch the
back and come back
Andrew destroys it
round of applause round of applause you
did it oh hi what are we doing guys for
these three we're doing a relay like we
said touch the back and come over here
but is he going out three people you got
to get all four of us finish reading yes
yes yes
DJ starting it off gets the back of the
fence Mary's getting stuck DJ's killing
it come on bro
Aaron's off to the races with the power
jump that's called The Clash of Aaron
jump
Oh Becca's off Oh No Becca's costing
them some time with the jump Andrew is
stuck in quicksand husband verse Lake
hole whoo there's gonna be close
Justin
what's happening now deej were playing
some dodgy ball and who's on this side
fare the family we're playing non-fan
over there see
that gum we got a lot of players
this guy throws way too fast it's kind
of not fair it goes oh nice
get him Andrew
oh my gosh doing some volleyball now I'm
not sure Jimbo knows how to play by
Aaron by the Miami Thierry to the Buddha
prayer what's this
just keV this is key after exercising
hammer down h2o thanks so much for
watching today's vlog guys thumbs up if
you want to do more trampoline videos
Daisy we're going to be going to one of
the trampoline places here in Colorado
Springs soon it has it's like an
upgraded trampoline place they got glow
lights neon everything a DJ so we're
gonna go there soon but for some quick
comments Zachary said will you be my
friend talking to Daisy Daisy will you
be Zachary's friend she just sugars had
no but she's thinking about it I think
she's considering it Daisy your shop my
computer
swagger 3 4 10 Ramirez says I wish I can
meet you all
well you actually can meet us all at
VidCon we literally will all be there
it's in June and you have to go to
California because that's where it's at
so you have a few months to save up if
you guys want to go to VidCon pretty
much every youtuber you may watch will
be there so - we've been there every
year it's so much fun there's so much to
do and it's in California which is
really nice weather day see so if any of
y'all are gonna be there a lot of snow
and we will see you guys tomorrow
goodbye Oh God but you okay no how's the
habaneros Oh
see the worst part I just rub my eye and
now it's burning oh that is the worst
I don't know how you
