good morning guys good morning come back
to another vlog hope you're doing well
yes we're back together by the way yeah
I'm finally kind of getting over this
sickness so you could kind of hear my
voice it's not a hundred percent but at
least I feel better set my head at least
he's here guys I'm here with Nick as
well hey I'm gonna do something super
fun today
let's go go also are yeah I'll show them
bare it real quick update he lost his
binky somebody help
yeah oh it's hard you just got to put it
in it's a new game oh that's right going
oh well we tried see yeah Nick wanted me
to clarify that or not leaving Barrett
mary is home so it's okay this guy's
gotta see you dad sticker I want one
yeah but my wife went to see you Frere
at the home depot does they have
something we want hopefully no you guys
this thing we're about to get in blogs
before we did but is it still in stock
we don't know no so oh you guys it was
sitting a big pile of them are sitting
right here last time we were here
where do we get those then no he said
they had him for one week only now
they're all gone we just called this
store they said they had something what
is it we don't know please guys here it
is the nerf striker mobile knives I were
coming for it but I'd be cool this is
kind of what we're looking for but this
wasn't the same thing the Home Depot had
wow it's a sleigh does it have wheels
yeah if it ever snows we could buy that
take the wheels off and go slaying down
the
I was so pathetic
how's that thing not holding you are you
stuck just wrote a new song for you guys
hi you guys have any like electric dirt
bikes or anything like that okay so
nothing like the sorts hi um do you guys
have any electric dirt bikes for sale
for kids all right guys you've been
searching for hours finally found a
store that has something we're gonna go
check it out and it's out in the Goonies
Foofa
what does that's why they have them
because no one goes out there so uh I'll
be back in 20 minutes yes we finally
something have a seat
on one still sometimes there's a natural
be brave little cart oh I think we're
gonna get these
unfortunately these don't have any
suspension this one does is just more
expensive for the same price this is are
pretty cool though these we found out go
20 miles an hour we don't know the
weight limit oh yeah we don't know if
that means with a an adult
you're official owners of new dirt bikes
my first dirt bike y'all check it out
imagine the possibilities with these
things guys we can get custom paint jobs
man I'm not kidding other types of mods
maybe some I don't know bodywork yeah
lights he's going to get the booklets
and some gas we're gonna make sure these
things work
how's it feel
what do you think that's so fun I know
you gotta cut it take your leg off
yeah
then you go test-drive these things
someplace other than the parking lot
three two one go
let's go get him
what happened them up at all yeah I just
put put them in to make sure they are
working a little gas if you guys want to
see something funny watch Justin try to
get this out of it part by himself you
need help you know just imagine right
now we have a huge squad of dudes that
all have this bike or owner who need the
Harley or a crotch rocket when you got
the Coleman ct100 you so you guys leave
your comments right now of ideas for us
for mods I mean we already said some
like paint job but if you can think of
ways to you know upgrade this system
there was a zombie apocalypse I would
definitely choose this little gadget oh
yeah this is way better because it's
small low to the ground bunk the zombies
it's also very slow can't fit more than
one person you can't run them over no
see you're just looking at the negatives
the positives are it's fun gas up boys
we just thought of the mission you guys
remember Matthew Doyon well we're going
to drive these vehicles all the way to
his house to deliver some graham
crackers and maybe get some food let's
go I'm ready for the ride boys
we made it it's freezing out here guys I
don't know what the weather is like but
my hands I can barely feel you I was a
long and treacherous journey very long
and then our our bikes died but we got
them back up and they're good to go now
let's go fight Matthew don't quit we hit
the ground preparatory let's go knock on
the door we just came to say hi we want
to show you our new cars your cars or
your vice yeah
bike ok you gonna join the club should i
how much are they I don't know if I can
afford it
oh yeah
so you're gonna get one yeah mission was
a success never got to take the long
journey back to headquarters
frozen already all right guys are back
home now what a fun adventure
that was cold fun adventure though yeah
these things will be so much fun in the
summer time and just rip it and rolling
around looks like this is the closing of
the vlog yeah any final words me Jesus
amen haha don't forget to leave some
comments of some mods you want to see on
their little goes go guys go guys
plays it I will see you guys next time
