good morning fam hey what the heck's
going on out here I don't know it's like
it's sleep I think is what you call it
it's yeah this isn't this isn't hail
it's not snow
you're cold it's very windy out back
inside back inside we're uploading the
prank right now as well you guys
probably already saw it it's almost up
the prank is almost up guys
so I'm just chilling out here here are
some random things to do when you're
bored Oh guys look it out a pretty
fertile always yeah oops
DJ and I are gonna go to the mall oh I
need keys but first
Buford wants to tell you something
Buford sit now tell them what you just
told me you said you're gonna go bald if
we get two million subscribers really
wow they're gonna be so happy
bald Buford yeah
get excited I'm just kidding I don't
think people wants to go bald it might
get cold
I love how dicks still has the Superbowl
gear out yeah oh yeah you're a Patriots
fan
that's so funny DG was texting me during
that game I know like a really good game
yeah and I was calling everything that
was happening like from the beginning as
soon as the guy missed extra point DJ
texts me he's like that's gonna come
back and hurt us
second it happy minute and it was like
absolutely down to that last point and
then we lost the whole reason why we
were in the Super Bowl so thank you uh
kicker for the Patriots
we're in hmm now you guys remember a
couple blogs ago we were Justin and I
were here getting clothes for
snowboarding and on the sale rack they
had this banana shirt
there should kind of cool smells like
yeah I think I might want that and guess
what it's gone some of us wanted it here
it is alright guys we are back in the
car
and guess what what happened guys like
Brittany what do you have to say about
this like the whole experience I can
tell she is so happy she didn't think
she was gonna get in it's like it's just
really really awesome I'm gonna try not
very much but I really thought I wasn't
gonna get in cuz I do have tattoos I
sent them like pictures of me and my
youtube channel and they loved they
loved me mm so I just I'm so happy yeah
as you guys can tell she is so happy and
we have like been praying for this like
praying for doors to be open for like
new opportunities and it's all him like
God he never fails us this is just so
crazy like literally and I'm like so
happy about this too like for this sort
of you opened guys like I can't tell you
how happy he is like it's so awesome so
Brittany's probably gonna be doing tons
of like modeling stuff photo shoots and
obviously will vlog what we can when
opportunities come up let you guys know
what's happening so your inform show you
guys the pictures yes now it's time to
celebrate with some lunch we're in
downtown Denver right by this place the
protein bar you ready
we're getting some healthy lunch today
protein bar I wish they had these down
where we live but this is definitely a
treat yes so we just got our food and
apparently he watches our videos what's
your in Bradley's my name Bradley and
how long you been watching geez probably
for like six herbs in a dude really
appreciate your support thanks for the
good food here as well you guys are
awesome told you get deep breath
looks good already ate mine I keep
forgetting to vlog but I got I like a
Southwestern burrito this is like chia
seed dressing really good we just got
back home
and look we hit 4000 subscribers I'm
more juice - yeah thank you guys this is
the best I'm taking Daisy on a quick
walk with the skateboard pennyboard at
first Daisy was really scared of this
for some reason she kept trying to
attack it it's just a skateboard easy I
think it tired her out a little bit well
now it's time to go workout got a
protein or stair Fitness here we come
might not vlog at this time cool just
gonna work out hard that's what we're
doing that is all for today's vlog it's
a little shorter vlog than usual but
that's okay we're still uploading do you
have something to show them guys mmm
what is it this is the ball baby t-shirt
is on this this is the almost done
version there's a few little tweaks but
this is the gist do you guys like it I
hope so
when will this be for sale Andrew we're
shooting for tomorrow the next day she's
a Friday or Saturday one of those - well
obviously tell you guys in the next vlog
where you can get them and whatnot but
and another special thing about it -
which will tell you next time why you
went home now what is it I don't even
know if I know do it was happy idea
which one your head what I guess so many
sales are shirts sold
I'll tell you this later wait no comment
of the day why why hey Andy if it makes
you feel any better my dad is bald too
doesn't really help but I appreciate it
that cool from jaylen thank you for that
comment peanut butter is pretty good on
toast I want to try that
orb√°n heelas you know what I like to do
is peanut butter on toast with sliced
bananas well I guess we'll see you guys
tomorrow good bye to the end face
oh yeah I have a little vacuum with me
though thank you
yeah you do yeah
