here's Johnny
good morning everybody we are back in
the library we're actually at a
different college or at Colorado College
because we need to finish this man's
hair his help
the back is what needs to be shaves so
we took a shower this morning and you
shampoo was it weird yeah it's like
it'll only get this bird so we're just
finishing up it shouldn't take too long
but that's what we're doing right now
what time's the caucus is today do we
get free burgers and for their 5:30
yes all right for this clip we saw
there's like three groups of three
people down there you just gonna sit at
one of the tables and just put his head
on the table on shave his head has to be
really funny
hey I'm right above you and I can see
them so you can go now all right Andrew
just did a big line on the back I was
asking if that's it because you have
like hair all over you that's like it's
really not that it G is infinity and one
where you can feel it on and it's all in
the head we are back home now I think we
have enough clips just got to take a
look at the footage edit it DJ's not
feeling too well that's why he wasn't
with us yeah I caught some sort of cold
I don't know what happened I played
Andrew he just texted me saying I think
we're home horrible I said I said in
today's vlog that I am sorry
it's okay befall you forgave you but now
we have to they're still like ruffles
around Andrews here we have to always so
let's go over maybe we should got here
and might get that out oh good
are you ready yeah I guess awesome some
of this and then you'll do some of this
really yeah yeah I did
does it hurt I've never done this before
you're doing such a good job so although
this is a first for you this is a first
for me as well
you
huh
you have no cold it is a lot colder
actually it's weird hair right there
looks so string just finishing eating
some lunch and looking over footage
because we have del pote tomorrow it's
Tuesday today guys you got a lot of
clips yay
the first bald dual huh oh yeah Aaron's
here is awful
he will be if you lose oh oh yeah and DJ
had to drive up to Denver because he has
to go to his bank which is Bank of
America there's none here in Colorado
Springs I mean he said pee right he says
you know if it was being him we went on
Google Maps and - Bank of America and it
said there was like three near us we
drove to Aldous Fawcett all like
permanently close and do things now hey
can America why you playing us like that
we just gotta wait for DJ to get back
now we are going to the store real quick
because we need to get some shaving
cream for Andrews head it's not like
completely bald yet it's just a fuzzy
bold it's just yeah like week after bald
we're here with yeah yeah why you yo
yeah beer bucket so let's just got a
baby one cuz that'll fit on head I think
yeah should it doesn't that's dumb and
getting a snack
focus you camera Larabar mocha chip and
then guava goodness
kombucha now time to check out Andrew
said that this is a Barbasol but Bom
I don't know what that means though just
also since Andrew and DJ were sick I'm
trying to keep my body filled with
goodness so I don't get sick okay I did
I just drained myself in vitamin C those
emergency packs oh yeah and some cough
medicines decongestants see like enzymes
probiotics poly phenols organic acids
amino and electrolytes perfect for a
good immune system all right all right
time to shave guys yeah okay I'll let
you do that now did you bring it and
spread it around
you shut up in perfect time your ass
this feels very weird have you ever
heard of shaving cream before dude I've
never used shaving cream before what oh
wait I've used this razor pipe my whole
life oh my gosh well welcome I don't
know I don't really know how to do that
the head how does it feel I don't know
there we go like from back like from
forward like that way it this way but
sup so weird all right well I'm home for
the time being
oh we're going to wait till Mary gets
home from work and then we're going
go to bar Louie because they have $5
deal and then a $5 movie since it's
Tuesday I haven't been in the movies in
a while me and Britney so we're doing
that with the whole crew going to hang
out but I've just been looking over some
of the YouTube comments on our videos
and I just got to say thank you guys so
much everybody who has been leaving
positive comments it means so much I was
like looking through them and you guys
your support means so much to us and we
are all about positivity on this channel
so if you're gonna really take the time
to leave any sort of negative comment on
our channel you're most likely probably
going to get blocked or just removed
because like I said we're all about
positivity there's no need for any
negativities I don't have any time for
any nonsense negative comments towards
me or my wife so I would appreciate it
if you guys if you have nothing nice to
say to not say anything at all because
you're not going to make the world a
better place by leaving rude comments
towards anybody in life but yeah that's
all I wanted to say just be mindful when
you're leaving comments otherwise you're
going to get moved
but yeah sorry we haven't done comment
of the day in a while I think we're
gonna we're gonna try and do comment of
the day more because we haven't done in
a while but yeah yeah get excited
because tomorrow bald Andy is coming out
on JC Studios ball going bald in the
library it's going to be a monumental
day it's gonna be epic mary has arrived
back from work hello-o
school school I mean sorry but first
time seeing the vault yeah feel it know
would feel like an alien it's official
guys is your head cold it's cool but
with hat on it feels good but hat off is
a weirdest thing he's actually
photoshopped it's not really his real
head we're really going to praying for
the cam
right there I felt DJ um kind of better
but not really yeah lay off I met about
see genetic memories yeah I took some
time on also I should
side please Bar Louie having been here
today
well forgot to vlog the food oops
but yeah food was BAE don't forget your
leftovers DJ that true fries we're at
Whole Foods now because we want some
cookies
they have vegan cookies here
- I'm sure it's not alright alright
yes
d'arnot dude why don't we shop with
these next time I come here I will use
this
Isaak
yes cookies you could want some cookies
chew but they're all for us I take one
too I take three before we on the vlog
here are some extras and reveals for the
ball the ending the library prank enjoy
us wondering if you could give me your
opinion on my new hairstyle oh yeah I
have a little vacuum with me though yeah
thank you
yeah you do yeah we're gonna vacuum it
up well yeah okay how do you have a
vacuum
I should shred outside but I'm the
vacuum is that yeah thank you we're just
making a YouTube video he's out there to
Helmand yeah he's right up there so yeah
are you guys okay being in the video
right cool
we're just making a youtube video just
shaving head in public chief over here
shy freak I feel like I should have
freaked out more I think that was good
see ya
what just happened this day went from
bad to worse I'm just making the YouTube
video ya know hey this is really
embarrassing but I'm having like the
worst hair day of my life I was
wondering if you guys could help me like
fix that so I'm going on a date later
and I can't leave the house looking like
this just help me please looks like
somebody's already really messed it up I
don't think I could do much better
honestly hey sorry we're just making a
youtube video hello guys
hi-oh
first raise a YouTube video there's a
shaving head right yeah anything hmm
are you okay with being J okay cool
that's all for the vlog today guys if
you haven't seen the prank yet go check
it out it is live any final words you
guys have any ideas for bald pranks let
us know what he said see you guys
tomorrow
goodbye it's been a good one oh you guys
don't do that anymore uh I thought
though everybody's looking at me by the
way this is hairstyle impressive Thanks
