hey good morning guys I know that I was
trying to do them for today is the
biggest day of Andrews life before yeah
we should I'm just excited that I get to
see the setup snip snip that that's
probably why I clicked on this video
either you're excited to see and ribald
are you excited to see Andrew bulb
that's pretty honest there's no other
options yeah so it's gonna be awesome
DJ is here to help us film this
obviously and I didn't put any gel in
today hopefully that'll create a easier
shave we've been like discussing like
what ways we want to cut his hair
because one style thought would be
hilarious for to see andrew is to shave
everything except like a line around his
head so that connects to the beard you
could even do where you need besides a
week like and then the top is just bald
for the fur dude there's just so many
ways we could do this it's just I'm not
sharing all the different possibilities
they're endless really so we just gotta
go get the shaver from Andrews parents
house and then this dust devil to sweep
up all the hair that we're gonna be
cutting off got the camera bag and
everything so it's gonna be a good vlog
today folks dropping Buford off at day
care
yep okay parents house do you miss
filming vlogs here we haven't been over
at this house in a while I feel like Oh
scusi what Aaron's doing there's Charles
oh yeah
they've been charging oh this works
there's only one way to find out you
really need any attachments oh I don't
think so
purchase these are like if you don't
want to pet all your hair off right yeah
well that could make a longer video
have you seen this man somebody showed
us this in the fan mail - uh-oh
it kind of looks like him drew but
there's something off can't really tell
what it is this is before no ball pump
up music
hey Isaac what's up
did you know Andrews going bald today
are you excited okay see alright Mary's
parents house now because we need yes if
you want to leave a mess in the library
you know yeah that's very rude taking a
quick stop to get Anderson beanies your
cold up yeah Wow they have so many
flavors here this is known to me by the
way
Oh finally
yeah this guy briefed like pretty much
yeah we basic but you know oh go with
your shirt oh yes it's bad to go down
folks
we're trying to find a group of girls
for the first clip but we can't find any
oh what's up man what's up what your
name Kyle he just came up to us and said
he's been watching our videos wow you
guys are awesome since the high eight
times apparently that's cool dad is cool
man thanks for the support
oh yeah Congrats on the one milk thank
you you guys wanna see yeah um I'm just
gonna wing it okay
dude you look Amish right now oh I'm
trying to go over like that teacher Kela
it really looks like Tinker Thomas hey
we're just filming a YouTube video you
guys okay with me and in it yeah yes
we're shaving his head by the seeds here
dangerous about to get that girl like
this
what happened dude I don't think she was
gonna be acting
you got all I hear and you know you just
have a random little spot she's got
another clip how'd it go
you got a cheese head he's like walking
at all his hair you're like falling out
is it okay dude diction may need the
vacuum on this clip are you guys okay
traumatized Andrew just shaved off all
his bangs and they about died but
there's a lot of hair here so how does
this thing work though there's Andy
it's so awesome because I can hear it on
you through these headphones oh yeah
yeah yeah Minnie ROH
oh we know her you're always in the
right place
no they I want to shave with no oh I
didn't want to mess it up but well I
mean it does look really nice right now
fifty bucks for sure nah he's trying to
buzz himself wait why would you alright
wait what was the one oh I'm just gonna
get rain right soon okay no I do not
date nothing involving a more crazy
please dad I know what's wrong any white
people yeah
alright guys so we're gonna finish don't
you try to vlog right now is that your
hair is not super here it'll be a funny
vlog because it's not every day you have
this terrible hairstyle but it would I
do think it's pretty stylish we're gonna
finish bald Andy tomorrow you're gonna
go get some food I'm not even gonna wear
a beanie I'm just gonna no this is me
guys don't judge Pepa attitude yeah you
gotta just own it
people will be like oh maybe he wants it
to be like that I don't know why but
this guy needs help I think
but guys are having a bad hair day then
this will make you feel better because
it's not nearly as bad as this always
remember that if you feel like you're
having a bad hair day like well click
back on this log and be like nope no my
hair so anyhow
that'll do it I thought uh I could get a
couple barbecue please barbecue deck
done all right cool
time for a check my sandwich and you
know see ya
you know people don't want to see
anything I do I know right cuz it's like
what it'd be serious
and I am gonna get some Chipotle cuz uh
I felt like getting Chipotle instead so
we're about to go there right now it's
okay it's the right next door
exactly yes later on that shakes
probably gonna be talking to you to her
coworkers or a moment have I dude this
guy showed up his head like you got tap
out lawn mower yes
everybody's looking at me by the way
this hairstyle impressive Thanks all
righty we have made it down to downtown
Denver it's crazy up here
Brittney's looking beautiful as always
in our outfit we just got to figure out
where we have to go which is the one 144
right there yeah we think we found it
guys
yes the doors open
upstairs we go I guess it's crazy out
there guys come take a look
guys Brittany just did some walking
honestly we don't know what's going on
I'm just watching and waiting
Oh what's happening
there she is
alright guys I don't know if it's too
windy or not but Brittany already got
something she's gonna be in the Denver
Fashion Week I'll have her tell you more
about it and when it's not windy but I
am so excited right I was going to pay
for more parking because our meter and
um but it's six o'clock and you have to
pay for parking anymore so going back up
okay we are back home Brittany
tell him what happened oh wow what did
you get I got a spot Denver Fashion Show
peeps Brittany coming your way
I'm so excited their boutique owners
were so cool and like so nice I'm really
excited this uh April she's gonna be
walking I'm gonna be doing all the
behind the scenes I'm gonna be filming
it's gonna be so much fun thank you for
coming - yeah I'm just fine I am so
proud of Brittney that you got this like
you're gonna be doing big things this
year watch out people now time for
cookies I know hey hey guys gluten free
chocolate chip vegan non-gmo oh my gosh
we party so hard high five just kidding
it's morning now and we're gonna finish
the bald shaving video today thankfully
because this is unacceptable I'm gonna
put a beanie on that way I can talk to
you guys without you laughing at me
that's better
I don't look so weird we can talk about
stuff yesterday Justin and I were
talking about potentially selling some
bald
Andy t-shirts just for like a limited
time what's cool about the bald Andy
t-shirts is that 100% of the profits we
get from that we would give to charity
so if you wanted to buy a bald Andy
t-shirt you would have a t-shirt and
you'd be helping out a charity we have
like a couple charities that we really
like so if you would be interested in
this leave a comment down below we have
a couple they'd be like a little simple
t-shirts but pretty cool let us know in
the comments if you want to buy a bald
andy t-shirt
for charity because as you know we also
have the bag of ball daily donation
money that we've been getting for years
that we're also going to donate so I
think this would just be a fun way that
we could you know really help some other
kids or whoever else gets these
donations so let me know your thoughts
also in other news DJ is not feeling
well I think he got the same chest cold
cough that I had so I feel really bad
because I know it's my fault
so I'm sorry DJ and that's about it for
the vlog I hope you enjoyed watching me
go bald in the library so if you did
give it a thumbs up before we did this
like a lot of people were asking me
they're saying are you nervous to go
bald are you scared I was like well not
really just because you know it's just
hair like you know it'll grow back it's
just hair I'm just trying to enjoy life
and I think this would be a fun story in
you know 10 years or whatever to tell
kid my kids not many people can say that
they went and shaved their head in a
library so I got that I also think we
shouldn't be scared to take big steps in
life or little steps just whatever in
that day makes you happy or brings you
joy let's just enjoy life guys because
you only get one of them so if that
means I just found it here but if that
means shaving your head in the library
or just taking your dog for a run around
the block just go outside enjoy life and
that's it so we'll see you guys the next
vlog okay goodbye
hey Andrew are you stuck
