well good morning everybody me and
Brittany are over at one of her friend's
house because you're doing a collab
today shawty
her first YouTube collab hey guys both
of you on your dime
they're making their video so we'll give
him a minute I'm here with Connor Connor
what's up oh yeah cute
we haven't really hung out really before
no not not really so this is a first
official hangout since they're doing
their thing their YouTube buttons what
do I hang out more now that they're
together all the time
totally what's up guys so Dustin wanted
me to tell you and show you exactly what
we did so obviously Krista did my makeup
and look at home I go wow there's gonna
be a daily makeup that's a daily low
what are we to do it like daily like I
just woke up and I was like I'm gonna
just do this what would you think I
think it's pretty cool I like I like the
unique colors I like I think her friends
would think I was freaked okay all right
cool cool yeah lots of good look is
happening not to me and bring her back
home with Daisy and we wanted to see
what she would do if we left her by
herself
usually when we leave we put her in the
cage cuz we don't know she's gonna eat
everything if we leave her out when
we're gone so we're just gonna go in in
the room and put the camera here we'll
see what she does
hey guys so I'm going to the store right
now so I took the vlog camera Justin
didn't ask for me to take the vlog
camera but I wanted to like just I know
I talk so much all the time but I really
wanted to just to talk to you guys a
little bit about um your comments and
I've let a lot slip by and I just really
want to remind you guys that even though
it's like our job and we're putting
ourselves out there like we know that
you guys are going to comment what you
think and you are allowed to do that um
but I just want to like put out a
friendly reminder out there that
sometimes when people go through certain
stages in their life it does affect them
no matter what we came back from South
Africa and both of our like both Justin
and I we um we ate certain foods that I
think that probably affected like our
face and um you know like you guys have
commented about my laugh and I have let
that slip by and then I had to say
something and I know I just I really
wanted to do this because I love
dressing so much and I can take I can
take them now like I used to not be able
to take all the comments I would take
them you know to heart and so seriously
but I just wanted to just ask you guys
if you could please just kind of like
these boys really do appreciate you guys
and love you and there's like your
positive comments out there really are
amazing and like we see you and like we
appreciate you and we love you so much
and your support and so I'm not ignoring
those at all but those of you who just
feel the need to come back to their
channel consistently and always comment
like
um you know negative things especially
someone's going through like a certain
time I'm pretty sure those of you who
are commenting like you have acne too
you're just having a bad day and it
makes you feel better to pick on us so I
would just really appreciate you guys to
like just take a look at yourselves
before you pick on others because cyber
bullying is not okay and if I see it to
other people on the comments like I'm
going to say something I just get like
the mama bear and me and I just hate
seeing cyber bullying if it happens to
even like our fans you know like I can't
handle that
like if you're picking on someone that
is like like I don't know just like a
follower of ours I'm going to say
something like it's not okay so that's
basically it guys
I just wanted to just put it out there
I'm just gonna go to the store now but
that's what I really just wanted to to
say that so the weather outside right
now is so fantastic it's like 60s right
now blue skies Sumeet DJ and Andra are
going for a little hike up there this is
called pulpit rock it's got a great view
of the city so yeah we're just trying to
figure out how to get up here well now
where DJ you want to go first well your
hobbies climbing rocks free free-handed
so
Hey all right way gotta be an easier way
no that's the just route this way I
think Andrews using his brain power to
climb the rock it's windy by the way oh
nice little fork yeah you have to
squeeze through this little rock this is
not really
duck DJ big drop guys
hey Andrew are you stuck what are you
doing this whole um accident is there
some friends down there you wanna see
yes
oh sure you guys see down here there's a
lot of turds if you follow the turd
trail goes up in this hole and look
there's a house anybody home guys huh
all right get out of here dude I don't
even know how you got down there no I
just saw something I wanted to see the
time and we found something in this car
what is that it's a doll with one eye
are you it's a deformed Caillou it's
just a sitting in there
something happened guys what's happening
are you filming
yeah
something happened so we're going to
take a gander expense Spence actually
fell over when he was shopping here this
is really funny we're recording it says
it's a recording in progress there's a
screen right here with some guy in a lab
looks like a picture actually yeah I
think it is she's not moving yet because
when you go over to this one it's a
different guy let's take a look this is
a different guy see this my good are you
going on the news that's his job just
sit there and watch all the cameras we
don't know what happened in the storm
but we've got all the clips readiness
and we are good to upload DJ's video I
am now in the carwash with the wipey ah
we're gonna go play frisbee golf with
errand and me I've never done it before
yeah since DJ's first time is actually
really weird cuz we were in the parking
lot at Home Depot and I was like DJ have
you ever played for his big golf he's
like no I haven't but I really want to
and then like two seconds later at Aaron
text me he's like frolf
question marks that would Helen yeah for
all throw fro that rolls right off the
tongue
where are my shoes by the way at the
course now I've been here a while
have you gotten your a no DJ comes every
day since the weather's nice we got the
penny boards out oh I'm so ready for
summer and spring already
take over nod back alright these
pathways they have their fund not bad
that's straight yo turn sets up for the
shot he fires a long one
Wow I heard trees will he be able to
find it coming up next but he has to
narrate his own shot he's a bit nervous
on the shot there's trees everywhere he
decides to close his eyes
it was an okay shot now now the the talk
of the allergy
DJ is going to show us been waitin bored
really be cam this is a different angle
figures out the wind to be calling his
that it's going straight for that three
he just charges chucks and Wow
nails the nails the tree I've never seen
that in all my day is commentating frolf
we're on the last hole this hole this
hole is called blood because it's just a
mud this is the one had a pro sport
chancer line enough to take their shots
don't spend that day in the mud oh holy
cow let's go to the next County
in the wrong direction you have to yell
otherwise you're not gonna get any power
alright so you gotta yell yell really
loud with it yell ah what did I tell you
about yelling wow oh that was a good
shot come at me bro d last shot what was
that was not on purpose either we get
kangaroo coffee now yep
I'm overwhelmed by the flavor choices I
might just get a boring old black oven
it's just overall too many choices I'm
late no I'll get something in you
promise I will click vanilla in it yeah
it was good sweet quag thanks brah guys
I didn't really log much of the penny
boarding because it's so windy outside
there's nothing to show ya meandher it
was just so windy I didn't want to just
put the clip so just win those windy
Clips get annoying but we did just get
back from Whole Foods got some groceries
I am super excited with what we got
let me show ya ok didn't get too much
just a few things and if you guys
remember my going vegetarian video I
wanted to show you guys will be gone
just elaborate a little more on that so
we got some eggs here lately when I go
to the store I look for things that are
humane because if you guys remember in
that video I talked about how I've just
been watching a lot of documentaries and
doing research and I feel like if I'm
going to be eating meat I want it to be
humanely raised and organic you know all
that stuff and so really it's cool
seeing that like a lot of food products
have this like on it certified a main
we've got some bacon it says it's raised
on family farms there are no cages no
crates or no crowding and it's non-gmo
so this is what I've been trying to do
lately when I do have meat I will make
sure that it has this stuff on it
otherwise they'll get like tofu or like
just vegetables and stuff and then we
got tree nut cheese this stuff sounded
good chipotle serrano pepper some
cookies so right now I'm just going to
make some pasta with these vegan
cheese's
and the bacon and see how it turns out
and this is really random so this bag we
already opened I already cooked this
pasta before and so I got another bag
because I thought I didn't have enough
but anyways this is organic fusilli I
got the same bag and this one has
organic and non-gmo logo but this one
doesn't did they did make an upgrade or
something
this one's certified organic and this
one's organic what the heck and here's
the final product folks actually not
that bad for being like a mainly vegan
type meal besides the chicken and bacon
but still it's very good what Oscars or
watching the Oscars do you want to be on
this someday well yeah I hope I want to
be a if you keep watching they're
actually in this meet you
DJ's in this oh I'm so glad that
Leonardo DiCaprio won best actor of the
year if you guys haven't seen the
revenant it's so good
unless you're not of age yet
see you when you're older though but
yeah we're going to bed now it's like
10:30 guys don't forget tomorrow andrew
is going bald we have all been waiting
for this moment for the longest time
that's finally happening so we're going
to do an epic vlog for you guys it's
gonna be so much fun and really funny
it's just gonna be a good day so I hope
you guys come back here tomorrow oh and
before we end the vlog here's a quick
word from Andrew snapchat when BAE's fam
Andrew and be happy because you can good
bye oh should I keep going yes
