good morning everybody it is about 10
o'clock and DJ told me to wake him up if
he sleeps past a 10 so let's go wake him
up
excuse me DJ it's 10 o'clock fan good
morning guys
but we have some important awesome news
about Brittany what's happening this
evening yeah inter we're printing off
her head shots and stuff so excited for
her it's like this it's like a runway
type audition they're like I don't know
what it's for exactly yeah
there's done for Fashion Show and so I'm
going to go to that as well so yeah guys
just keep Brittany in your prayers and
pray that she does super well she goes
in with confidence and everything which
I know she will but I'm just so excited
for her
here is the mr. coffee unboxing video
about four cups of coffee hey Daisy
how's it going we just got home and I
wanted to show you the back of her comp
card look at that this is so awesome
obviously later today I'll be vlogging
everything I don't know if I'll be able
to vlog the audition but we'll have you
tell us about it and it'll be so fun so
no matter what happens I just like
you're gonna get who wouldn't want to
cast you seriously I guess we're gonna
go film now DJ's prank that we were
showing you guys in yesterday's vlog so
let's go do this right I'm with the bros
now
yeah we're here at Chi Patil lunch
you guys happy yes
but it's an interest food review of the
day first bite of this yeah I tell you
what are you rated
nine folks to pull a knife or six well
we're all done with lunch at Home Depot
now I got the speaker right here DJ play
a sample
do you know where my mom is oh so now is
just time to find somebody when people's
not to depart first oh whoops
I'm sorry pranks yeah yeah amateurs yeah
I was like getting ready for this we
just got one clip in we think employee
is onto us but we don't know yeah you
guys can see she's about to clean this
there's nobody out here they got rid of
all of the plants DJ yeah caution Oh God
man just careful okay
she hung up she's on the phone
do you think she was telling on us is
she coming no she's coming we have to
find somewhere to hide if we all hid in
there so we're just gonna leave because
yeah it's pointless that G give you the
mic and I have the speaker are we ready
to go to low slambien
yeah see ya we're leaving now she was
right
this is what you have to do and he's
doing public pranks forget it public he
always the worst channel name should we
push the should we put these things back
this orange thing goes in here hey we
get into a viral footage yeah I mean we
finish the filming out of them
I forgot should we tell them or I don't
know if they're laughing are they really
wow it feels like summertime out here
guys we got the garage open playing
another ping pong game
we heard that ping pong is good for the
brain so yeah yeah I know I can do math
now I'm so stoked but last week I was
failing my algebra class started playing
some ping pong straight A's me and EJ
are also upgrading our feet and balance
skills you got to stay active and what
better way then to not walk at all
around you know so it's just this place
is calling what brainy's 'i'm brainasium
yeah yeah we're all about knowledge up
in here Pham we're learning left and
right test yourself play ping pong is
great and all but you know what it's
better knowledge oh hey guys we're at
IKEA it's pronounced IKEA dakea a here
yeah and trends see this way we're gonna
use this and we're gonna
yay
we're coming at Home Depot as you saw
before but IKEA should be better it's a
lot bigger you're getting like stopped
by that one like she saw us like
reviewing a clip and she's a so you guys
need help finding anything like nah
we're just filming even older no we're
just doing a like funny prank thing and
then instead of kicking us out she's
just like okay dad oh alright so we got
a few clips but they're okay so now
we're switching to the cart mode yeah we
just you know right now we're just
shopping we just got like yeah but the
secret is if you go a little lower you
see what no way no no one will ever see
this here's our setup right now you have
the camera pointing that way there's the
shopping cart with the speaker and then
here's the phone that it's coming from
yep we're just sitting here to let
people walk around the corner I can't
control it or do one for vlog go
well IKEA was a little harder than we
thought it would be to do some clips
like weren't getting me I know we keep
so we're gonna try some work ups
tomorrow at a different place but for
now we're gonna go climb in the rafters
put your feet on so I can't like push
you
did saw
Wow it's a nice little cozy bed easily
one of the most fun parts of coming
right here when you get to the bottom
any of these things
guys you can surf on yo that's sweet
I'm can't steer that's the bad part
that's okay though we think this to be a
good spot to go up right there's the
whole family right there ready
no just a giant family huh
yes
all right guys I'm up on like the fourth
floor of Ikea it's with smooth sketchy
check this out though people have
definitely hung out up here there's like
drinks and stuff this is like a cool
little Clubhouse
I bet employees come up here and just
hang out there's no doubt made it back
to the springs and we're at King Soopers
grocery shopping QE B's Oh
alright fam I'm with Brittany now we are
in Manitou Springs it's like a little
town here in Colorado we are just
getting ready to go into addition their
casting call for coddling you ready I'm
shaking it's okay you got this this is
very peaceful here folks
stairs that's what they're doing the
auditions are casting whoever it is just
wait down here guys Brittany's back yeah
how'd it go that's to be like really
brief and not take too much of your blog
time it was just like a good experience
to get my feet wet and I wasn't the only
one who it was like it was their first
time so I don't know I just feel really
paced about it
show us your walk Perry Wow
you're hired
so that's basically what you did at the
audition right
yeah and sweat a ton I just had some
dinner didn't film it
we've been full man we've been filming
all kinds of food we're giving you guys
a break but we're at Barnes & Noble
because I don't know I've been really
learn more and I want to read more I
know I said that like two months a few
months ago not books I can't find the
last book I bought I almost finished it
you want a coloring book let's be real
prison those are adult coloring books
this is Justin's favorite book I might
get it for him for Christmas if you love
that chicken we're both getting books
I'm getting big magic creative living
beyond fear yes what are you getting
hello beautiful seeing yourself as God
sees you it's a good book right there
just from the TAT oh yeah so we'll start
reading these and let you know what we
learned from him just got back from the
bookstore we're about to walk inside and
we ran into some people fans who watch
our videos what's going on what's your
name CJ Wow and how long you guys been
watching um I've been watching for like
three years
what are you guys have been up I just
got introduced like a couple months ago
dang yeah you guys we were literally
just about to walk inside and they just
stopped us you know thanks for saying hi
guys it's awesome to meet y'all
what is happening
we're back from King Soopers we're
making a stir-fry whoa yeah that should
be good guys here's how easy it is to
tire out easy
well of course
okay where do you think that's it wanted
to make sure you know I mean no
