good morning everybody before we get the
vlog want to say today's vlog is
sponsored by bananas eat some because
you need potassium every day now I would
like to welcome DJ I don't know how was
your ride your bro with 12 hours old
oh my god oh I'm a little tired but I'm
gonna go wake up and then probably like
videos or something yeah yeah that's
what we're gonna do today
yeah are gonna get some food now yeah
yeah me and ease you're gonna go get
Jamba Juice my throat's so kind of yo
like bad mode so well this is no be
perfect like life yeah fruits and eglee
so mighty healthy some vitamins of sorts
so mineral Buford you're staying here
Justin's gonna babysit you okay here we
are Jamba yes so excited to get you to
turn out
smells so fresh in here
oh that's cool
this is very Pete hoping it's good
just stop it all right guys well it's
just me now uh I'm gonna go try to find
them and see what they're up to
let's check the basement I hear some
commotion what the heck is this Oh some
underground ping pong guard am I better
than you that's the question
Universal find out tonight on more Jesus
clinging on I just won the ping-pong
probably a championship how do you feel
I feel this is like just one of the
happiest moments of my life
I brought my dog buford here to
celebrate with me so currently we are
working on DJ's new video it's going to
be recording mixtapes and Andrews
kitchen Oh viral hit him with the raps I
already go at the raps I got the raps
and I've also got the craps yeah my turn
at the mic we have a list here of things
were going to say uh so we've got dad
I'm stuck in here help
watch out so I don't have a whatever you
call it the windscreen so DJ came up
with this great tip of just putting a
real-life sock on it it doesn't thing
you basically just you gotta get rid of
all that but then you have this sock on
here with sins I don't know what's all
over the sock its Buford's hairs excuse
me could you please move whoa easy bud
ouch excuse me
delivered hi Cynthia please use one of
the following methods these text your
blood pressure has been taken yes view
now so we're in Sam's Club now excited
to pick up a prescription here so we're
doing some free blood pressure tests
with Cynthia
well of course okay where do you suggest
wanted to make sure you know I mean know
some strawberries do have meat in them
oh do they
it's fun giving employees hard times
yeah
Justin snapchat did you post it yeah
couldn't really hear it but yeah we
asked a guy how many sandwiches these
costs and you're so confused yeah yeah
there's more free snacks over here yes
these are cheddar puffs tenor puffs yes
oh no GMOs Oh Andrew oh sorry dude
this couch has these what it's for when
your iPods dead plug is sod when the
couch is Pham huh yeah do you gotta get
this for your place yeah
dad
yeah I'm stuck up here oh there you guys
aren't one you late for the meeting
let's go Oh what oh sorry DJ yeah got
important this Wow duck did is Gus
there's a good meeting spider yeah
actually is so uh probably wondering why
I gathered you all here uh I should
probably go
yeah see you later bye we need to know
what's happening
DJ thought of a funny idea so we're
thinking about going to a trampoline
place while he's here and DJ's vegan if
you didn't know I am as of like three
months ago so fairly recently yeah and
what's that yet here maybe you should
just do it okay hi I was calling because
I'm I'm probably gonna be coming in
sometime this week to check it out um
the only thing is that I I went vegan
like two months ago about um can I still
do it okay that it's not it's all like
vegan friendly there's nothing I have to
worry about or anything yeah hey we were
just asking about like the trampolines
because we recently went like vegan and
stuff so we were just trying to make
sure that we could go we would what did
she say that I was like an associate
doesn't sound like Jake this does this
Howie Jake that's cuz it's not it makes
me wonder if that girl's like yeah Jake
is on the other line so
has never been to modern market so
that's where we're at today yeah it's
good also this they have kombucha aunt
Agnes I've never heard of it on tap I
love the beat so yeah that's all I got
it's like I'm back in dangerous place
and we're gonna do a quick food review
with the fellas danger what'd you get I
got this yesterday - that's okay that
means you really liked it it's a good
recommendation
right it's a lower rating today one oh
why lot is a virgin that is true so
that's all for me guys what did you get
DJ I got the seasoned tofu I already
hear some of you guys like cringing at
that chest but it's really good probably
mm-hmm and then uh mashed potatoes all
right so I just left
Andrews house because I'm going to have
dinner with brick and we got another
Orangetheory workout tonight I am super
excited well we just had dinner didn't
film it because we were in a rush had
potatoes chicken guacamole now we're
ready for go to the gym get time to go
work out I got my viga sake here with
the pre-workout let's do this you ready
to recover it
via the heartbeat monitor
my god man
and if you guys are live in Colorado
come to the North Academy location you
could work out with us you want fans to
work out with us I know I don't know how
many of you guys watching them in
Colorado but leave a comment if you do
and maybe we can all do a workout class
together
face not to stress anyways right here at
your chest or down below go slightly
pointed out drop it goes his back way
there shall we have three exercises we
have to do in this block oh yeah color
no here is for for a little bit longer
left in this strength block full full
finish anyone ready
oh we have a 45 second sprint whoa Oh in
the bottom left-hand corner of your
screen you're going to be facing
yourself
alright so 45 seconds weren't row then
you're going to grab the best ball
that's in front of your machine right
here we have been on rejects that boxes
hope
today's protein flavor of the day mocha
non-gmo 30 grams protein that was tiring
just finished our workout and another
cool thing about this gym or serie is
that they have a shower which I just got
a shower take the perfect thing to do
after workout was still so relaxing but
how's the workout Britt how'd you do
today really good like you so much
better than last time
yeah I think we like working out a night
better we have a lot more energy we
tried a morning class I was like way
more calories I know so I think we're
just gonna do my classes oh we are back
home for a second I'm gonna let Daisy
out in go dangers watch survivor because
that's a show we've been starting to
watch all together I'm so excited for
the Sunday though because Orangetheory
the North Academy location is doing an
80s theme so everybody working out is
going to be dressed in like aids attire
they're gonna be playing 80's music me
and Brittany are going so it should be a
really fun time fun vlog so that's
something I'm looking forward to but
yeah yes survivor episode 2 good yeah
DJ and I are on a mission to get a
coffee maker
yeah yes an essential for the house no I
don't have them because I don't really
drink coffee but I've been getting more
into like iced coffees so well you can't
make iced coffees with oh this doors my
serious guys wanting it to the lock all
the way over there now oh it's kind of
cold outside so thanks Walmart it's even
worse for me because I came from the
desert in Arizona so like everything is
just fine is 10 for me like I bet you're
feeling
we just are molten I'm afraid Oh DJ is
becoming a penguin
let me slowly you're gonna see it hey
guys I am a coffee pot for eight dollars
yes what's well what's the line though
that you cut up higher you're like okay
this is worth it like you know yeah like
every it slowly going up so what point
are you like oh this is uh I don't know
I've never bought a coffee pot before
this is my first time buying on ice for
like 8000 you that's normal price I'm
going with a Mishra coffee are we going
home now huh DJ what happened
DJ froze into a snowman he was so cold
come on DJ we have to go come on that
way
that worked I'm better now well we were
gonna leave but then DJ brought up a
good point that we don't have any coffee
so we just end up with hot water it's
kind of important too so okay our
mission was a success
get the mr. coffee some Dunkin Donuts
copy some filters so tomorrow morning we
will be testing this new device but for
now it's about bedtime oh I know it's
kind of rude it's 11 o'clock that's past
your bedtime
we Drew's food arrived would you get
boss crusted orange roughy crap and more
crap oh my got a pet
