super early guys it's 3:15 in the
morning and I'm just waiting that we hit
a mil subs because I want to see it with
my own eyes we're so close yo come on
let's do it so I have another YouTube
account right here well subscribe yes
I'm wondering if I should try and be the
one millionth subscriber to our own
channel what 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2
oh man I'm trying not to yell because
Merritt is asleep oh hey everybody we
got a million subscribers on YouTube
guys oh oh I can't believe we did
ability subscribers but it's 3:30 in the
morning I'm very tired so we're gonna
celebrate more in the morning
but woah holy cow yes okay we'll see you
the morning
officially good morning everybody Wow I
can't describe the feeling
waking up this morning and seeing we had
a million subscribers I stayed up well
actually I set my alarm for like three
in the morning and I just woke up Wow
so just thank you guys bigger things
next I guess and also we couldn't have
done any of this without God I just
gotta say Jesus has changed my life and
I definitely wouldn't be making YouTube
videos or any of the sort of thing
without him in my life so I have to tell
you guys that I also like Jesus exactly
how many else wanted to know yeah he's
pretty cool dude but anyways now we're
going to film we are not filming right
now
bald any quite yet DJ's on his way from
Phoenix
DJ Senate public prank come on y'all
know who he is and we're going to film
it with him because he'll help us film
as you see Andrews got the bun so it's
getting quite long we're just going to
finish the hoverboard video
oh-oh-oh-oh
what we're just getting some gas because
that's the essential to driving what
discounts I can't roll down the window
well folks we've just arrived that's
Cece we have constantly been pranking at
UCCS so we kinda have to switch it up
where you need new visuals here and new
humans yeah don't want to keep getting
the same peeps because that's happened a
few times yes there's not too many big
colleges down here where we live there's
like I guess to be big ones so I'm sure
this summer we're gonna go or not summer
soon we'll go up to what is it Boulder
you know go to Boulder and go to Metro
some more really not that far like
Denver psychic power
yeah I got our drive and go back to the
good old days when we pranked it in when
we were living in Denver what's the plan
for this one
I'm gonna go upstairs you like a high
angle shot it's gonna be wiggling
through all the seats this is harder
than you think guys to do this
especially on the carpet but it'll be
funny okay so we just finished getting
up all the clips we need for today's
prank we're gonna go and upload it but
first time for a quick lunch yeah we are
here at modern market we got the
barbecue chicken pizza with peanut mango
dressing it is superb you like very good
is it in
oh and we forgot to mention today's vlog
is sponsored by chapstick
don't ever leave house without it your
lips will be pissed okay we are done
with lunch and the most important event
is about to happen
yep not about to happen but we're at
Walmart because we gotta find a razor
that operates on the batteries I think
right yeah because as you know he's
going whoa then we need the razor
because we're going in the libraries we
gotta find somebody who knows where that
he is here we are
we found the section now which one are
these for heads or face is for heads
we'll make it for head but yeah we
should probably find one for
specifically head we're shaving his hair
with that yeah just cuz it's funny right
here just for a video just looking over
some slugging footage now
it's pretty funny folks that should be
up shortly
all right back up with the prank who are
you going anywhere are you going we're
going to get the wife cuz we're going on
a celebration dinner yeah all of us me
Andrew marry Brittany yeah this gonna be
really fun and you guys are coming too
obviously yeah we're not telling you
where we're going yet so it's gonna be
fun and then we're gonna come home and
watch some shows you know who's coming
who you know who me not you
Beauty EJ oh yeah DJ you'll be here like
late tonight so yeah I don't think he'll
be in today's vlog but he is coming
tomorrow at least hey Katie
do you want a potato cake
you gotta hit the potato
when your BAE is fam not really I'm with
Brittany grabbing a quick target run
before we go over to Andrew and Mary's
and head over to the celebration dinner
what are you getting Brit you want to
stay on that I also just want to say I
don't know where I'd be without you
bringing
with our YouTube career as well she has
always been here for me supported me so
thank you for being such an amazing wife
I want a hug so on that know my couch
are you getting
because they don't easy but I know her
faves the chia seed but they do have
chia right here but yeah your harm
here's how you get happy guys you dance
try and dance if whenever you're angry
upset sad you'll end up being happy or
laughing yourself because you look like
such a goof like that walk these are on
point get it we have back at Andrews
sabe before we head out let's take a
look at DJ's room for the next stay for
when he's here wha
ok now you can have fun on the green
screen yeah and you like my blinds
baby's got lights blankets you can make
his own TV show so we haven't told you
guys yet but we have decided to eat
dinner and celebrate at the Bonefish
Grill
you guys happy yeah you guys have a gift
card don't you we already used ours but
it's really good so that's okay dad
yes we're finally getting seated dead
dead dead dead dead
we drew food arrived what you get boss
yeah we're splitting these and what did
you get marry you Lord for this food you
will enjoy it
well done feels so good and the best
thing we got leftovers so we got an
extra meal out of this how is your meal
it was very good yeah meet you yeah good
night fan your hair dude it just I don't
know what to think of it right now I
don't know what to think of no hair
either
true well I guess he'll be vlogging with
DJ arrives just leave it unlocked
oh that's a few hours yeah
well well guys we are back home probably
just gonna relax it's like 9 o'clock
right now watch some TV shows hanging
out Daisy
stop eating socks it's like our favorite
thing to do steal socks yeah this fire
is super nice - it's like an electric
one it's like warms up our whole
apartment I'm still trying to fully
comprehend that the milestone we had
today whoa
thank you guys for all the support
that's crazy it means so much it makes
us so happy so also the new prank is
live if you haven't seen that you can go
check it on our Channel
and I will leave a link in the
description if you haven't seen it yet
but yeah it's up now so well that's the
end of the vlog but first a quick
tribute to some old videos
on the edge
inside
hope you guys like that tribute it's
been a crazy four years on YouTube folks
can't wait for another four years but I
guess we'll see y'all tomorrow bye do
you guys want to subscribe real quick to
our YouTube channel
ah no
