good morning brutal team Jase are we
doing oh well you're checking it I'm
trying this is our subscriber live count
this is live right now guys we're almost
at a million so all what happened sorry
basically we're at rampart right now
Aaron's high school cuz if we want to
get some peeps to subscribe to us and
help us get the mill so let's go holy
you just jumped a ton whoa
Aaron we are in the school now folks I
like the sign drug free schools on it
better be yeah now where's Aaron have
you seen this man he's already
subscribed to our channel yell up yeah
but you say oh subscribe and he gets
home we're on the prowl for more
subscribers we're not that desperate
it's just fun to see if we can get
real-time subscriber counts so this can
go up yeah do you guys want to subscribe
real quick to our YouTube channel
ah no but we're almost there
you can help the number ago I totally
look it's ok yeah you guys want to
subscribe
harder than anticipated it's harder to
get subscribers and new feed guys so
subscribe when she gets home I think
well crap trying to get subscribers was
a kind of a fail so we've moved over to
at home there was a backlog sorry I
can't wait we also have made two trends
now the wot what what and des Kuh
if ever you guys are really excited
about something like say your teacher
hands you back it's a test you study
hard for and it says a plus Oh dance
coos you can use dance COO for anything
guys that's cool so start using it at
school and we can have the whole fam
involved
we are back finally and on the way here
I've just been watching like some of our
older oldest old videos and it's so
funny because we were so awkward back
then would like my goodness let's have a
quick food review from Andrew let's take
some trees of walk with some Bobby Q
Salas I mean well blurry
that's alright though
we're trying to focus and we did what do
you give it out of 10 fam immediate
endures an immediate 10 no no hesitation
well you're the one improvement just
maybe some more exotic cheese oh yeah
well you heard it here folks 10 out of
kiddo buzz pulled pork quesadillas with
barbecue sauce here at the sour cream
with the guac with the corn and the Pico
inside ding well guys we're back at the
house
oh yeah I did well guys we're back on
periscope again everyone wants to say hi
I told him I put him in vlog so if you
guys see your comment and you're
watching this vlog Congrats it'll slow
down with the comment cell Andy's hair
you know what I looked up on the website
you have to have six inches of hair to
be able to donate it yeah or no it might
have been longer but hey it's not long
enough to donate that's my main point so
Andrews talking about that because we're
talking with everybody right now on
periscope about Andrew going bulbs very
soon cuz see we got the sub count going
on we're doing periscope with everybody
oh that's just a good day right now
well guys unfortunately that's all the
footage we got today yeah soon as Justin
went home I just kind of laid on the
couch I just have not been feeling well
you probably tell I'm pretty stuffed up
I've got this cough that won't go away
head hurts just go away you sickness bug
because I can't chest cold probably but
yeah I just laid on the couch you didn't
really get up and it's it's about 10:30
hoagies you mean Mary already went to
bed but it's really cool because we are
definitely gonna hit a million
subscribers
probably tomorrow morning ish that's
what I would guess so even though
today's vlog was really short tomorrow's
vlog is gonna be super awesome okay I
promise it's going through my old
Instagram photos sometimes I post mile
markers but this one 700,000 subs only
39 weeks ago and it's just awesome I'm
so happy you guys support our channels
just a million subscribers I just would
never have guessed that when we started
doing YouTube you know I just do it for
fun and a million subscribers Wow that's
cool
no comment of the day today just don't
feel like reading any sorry see you guys
in the morning
we're gonna hit a million subscribers
I'm gonna have some fun do a little
party I guess I don't know but yeah
thanks for watching thanks for
subscribing thanks for liking thanks for
all the support means a lot it was you
guys tomorrow good bye
four eight nine ten
