good morning everybody watching this hey
it's great to see you today how you
doing I'm doing good I'm really excited
right now because we're at my parents
house my sister is finally home from why
William she's been gone for like months
and so we're having lunch over here
gonna hang out hear her stories just
it's awesome so we're doing right now
my legs are really sore as well from
Orangetheory workout the other day
didn't film it but it was like an early
morning workout
perhaps I'm sore oh my grandma's here
too so hopefully lots of yummy food
today saying Brit you look like a little
red riding-hood today no it looks good
you want potatoes avocado from a cow I
tell you yeah I know
pretty good how do you feel to be back
home Hannah so good why don't you tell
everybody what you've been doing for
like the best how long five months we've
been what were you doing over there so
she's come back to change person it is
just so fantastic to have you home says
so she will probably be in more vice
because we'll hang more and she got us a
present me and Brittany what is this
called
she got me a man dress from Egypt you
say all the people wear this over there
I'll try it on later for you guys but me
so me and her mean you should do a photo
shoot with them oh and dad got another
one too hey Dad like three sticks in her
mouth
keep picking them up today is a strange
day
let me explain first of all my throat
kind of appeals will ill so Justin
already took his car to the shop to get
repaired Mary's car I have to take to
the shop to get repaired my car needs to
go to the shop to get repaired so you
don't really have any cars to drive
today so I'm gonna go pick up Justin and
then dropped Mary's car off at the shop
Aaron drove my car to school because
Mary drove his car to school it's just
it's what's going on today I don't know
here we are
check engine light on all right I did
the check engine light code yesterday
and it says turbocharger supercharger a
under boost condition so something to do
with the turbo looks like Aaron didn't
take my car to school today
yes this is actually gonna be very
helpful yesterday I went to the store
and got a bunch of brake parts for my
car because it needs new brakes like a
week ago also I wanted to show you this
Super Bowl 50 championship commemorative
edition plates so there's a Broncos it's
pretty cool let's read the description
here limited edition the Super Bowl 50
champion Carolina Panthers wait what hey
what no why is this a panther that's why
the limited edition I guess
if somebody is fired guys how it's me
I'm back who's ready for vlogs that's me
holding my hand up it it's just me we're
both having car troubles I know my
goodness so we didn't vlog it this
morning but me and Brittany took our car
to the shop because I need a new
windshield replacement have a giant
crack in it as you guys probably know
watch the vlog sometimes this like case
under my car like it's like falling off
I think it protects like the gas tank or
something so that the locks weren't
properly working need oil change so
there's just a bunch of things that you
get fixed it's annoying that cars have
to have these problems but whatever part
of life I guess go buy a car good job
guys okay alright did you have fun yeah
I think I did a good job driving your
car thank goodness back to my house
time for some big fun what did you call
me quick car update so my car won't be
ready till tomorrow because they have to
replace the whole turbo those guys but
thankfully it's still under warranty so
and you my car has a bunch of things
that's getting fixed that is under the
warranty as well the only thing I have
to pay for is a thing under the car the
cap that goes over the gasoline canting
yeah its warranty but yours isn't gonna
be done till tomorrow as well anything
that we can do right now is play behind
see in the house okay what what what
what what what are we doing what what
okay Andrew we're playing hide and seek
now you're counting the me and Aaron's
over me and Aaron are gonna hide okay
okay hey you have to count to 45 and me
and Aaron have to hide somewhere you
have two finest 1 2 3 4 ready 8 9 10
it's hard to find heidi's pans nice this
is a pretty good 15 16 42 43 trash bags
this is always right here yes 45 here
ready no Harry Cobb where are these guys
I know Buford is gonna help huh Buford
Buford will be no Buford where did they
go Buford where'd they go don't worry
Buford's helping guys is it a hint down
here where did they go what's your way
which way boy which way this would be a
good spot if I was hiding but I don't
see them in here
Buford where boy where huh
what
Buford Buford hey Buford
what do you first pointing at you yeah
look he's still pointing at you
good boy beaver do you found him good
boy
it's just aaron Buford way to go Buford
he was also pointing this direction I
don't know if he met in the garage or
out here so I'm taking a look
intentionally in here
no he was pointing in this direction
as I keep down to Erin
is he out here Buford that's garbage I
hear something upstairs
this is so smart
I hid word by the trash just before it
always smells in the trash so it's not
suspicious
we heard some rustling in the village
do you know where he went
no yes you do there's spelling I don't
know if he said you're allowed to go
outside or not I thought I'm not sure
I don't know guys okay did you walk like
right by me can you see me in here
what yeah you distracted Buford because
he's going for garbage can't find you
exactly get out so the smartest hiding
spot I've ever made he was over here and
I said in vlog that's my garbage Buford
you don't know what you're doing I got
some good footage of you guys walking
man
Buford found Aaron oh I have not footage
she went over and pointed I'll have a
new hand-eye coordination drill that
we're trying me nerd you like sight
balls you get the gist of it it's hard
but we get better at it where we're
changing the brakes now whoo let's do it
well it's about 9:30 and we just got the
front brakes done and just took forever
so let's do the back brakes another day
the front brakes really needed it cuz
they were grinding but the back brakes
to last I know another month or so so we
get that done soon
I wanted to vlog more during the
procedure but just getting the groove of
things you start working and yeah
so didn't vlog much of that Mary's car
and Justin's Jeep will be done with the
shop tomorrow everyone's cars will be
running great today it's just been car
mania so we don't have to deal with that
for a while
Mary's already in bed so I'm gonna try
and give this vlog up as soon as
possible that's the end the video sorry
today's vlog wasn't too exciting but we
just had a lot of life issues to deal
with today come back tomorrow I'll have
another fun vlog and we'll see you guys
next time all right have a good night -
have a good day whenever you're watching
this
okay
