time to switch over to vlog 1.0
everybody love to go to the bathroom
except me I'm just here by myself
oh man so lonely and bored that's good
let me get all my stuff on I'll be the
first one ready whoo who's ready to
board me Oh guys we didn't vlog this
yesterday but me and Brittany she bought
a new snowboard got this one for like
what a super cheap deal what the lady
only used it like three times
those are nice fresh boots fresh for the
snowboarding family now yeah oh he is so
we got button downs
looking so good
you can look like I'm like the help
service or whatever like you look like
help service yeah I good somebody needs
help
oh yeah like yeah we claim defender
ropes and stop by Ski Patrol
Wow it's just beautiful out here folks
fresh Powell and there's not many people
here yet so I'm very thankful very happy
of myself first run of the day for the
yellow bandits since last season do me
go snow bunny last year yeah I think so
but yep at the bunny hill now with
Malati's had some snacks this is so good
it's a Larabar and this flavor is a
mocha chip have that one too just like a
good coffee I'm trying this on first a
food script
this line is for real this line goes to
the very top of the mountain if you guys
saw our last vlog we're at the top are
we gonna try and go to the very top we
should now do
first run with the ladies well the other
lady is back there with Justin should be
fun you're saying it's a lot easier to
carve when you got some speed
sometimes the bunny hill you fall a lot
because you're not going very fast yeah
there's not that much room so this 100
times longer this is a bigger hill but
it should be easier in a way I think
it's really fun to you because I think
it's weird both the ladies right goofy
and we both write regularly that's just
how you is what what what what what some
guy back there we are all done boarding
how's everyone's day boarding it was a
good day how about you bet
yeah like Mary it helped me so much I
feel like I got a lot better
yeah it's 2 o'clock right now so we've
been boarding for about five hours for
something tours but now it's time to
head home I'm still tired from that hike
we did I know if you guys saw you hiked
up Mount Doom that was very hard but
worth it that's the end of the vlog
today guys and I want to say thanks to
oranges for sponsoring today's vlog we
appreciate your support uh now let's get
onto some comments of the day Andrew and
Justin Eden lay off the goober juice
they're crazier than a bunch of bunnies
who have never seen a carrot Carson that
made me laugh thanks for leaving that
funny comment but yeah we will try and
lay off that goober Jersey guys my house
has been available Mexico I will cut
those from Mexico that's all the
comments today thanks for leaving
comments and likes and we are less than
five thousand subscribers away from a
million on our main channel Andrews
going bald soon we'll see you guys back
here tomorrow goodbye
