what about everybody welcome back to
more Jase - hope you're all having a
fantastic day so far I know
Burt and I are having a great day what
are we doing we are doing a photo shoot
as you guys know if you follow us on
Instagram we love going on photo shoots
and Britney especially is that Queen at
photo shoots and creative ideas and sort
of like what is a fun idea we could do
today Britney created this really cool
project that is going to be in one of
her shoots posts so I'll show you behind
the scenes of that and then we also have
these pops
these are super good smoke bombs - so
they should last a while we have to eat
because I'm doing red and you're doing
white so it should be really good
yeah so let's get going Daisy you having
a good day - high five so we are here at
Black Forest Park this park is just
beautiful and a really good place to
take all sorts of pictures because it's
just you're surrounded by trees woods
and there's like open space up there
hiking trails a really cool place
we brought a ladder for this one because
we're gonna get some different angles so
great why don't you tell everybody about
this project you didn't hear my car it's
crazy
okay um so this is a very rough it's my
first like wing I got really inspired
obviously by Pinterest and stuff and
it's kind of rough cuz I didn't cut you
know Oakley not complete at all but I
was like you know what
might as well just go ahead take some
photos of it and then I can add on to it
later it's like a big wing yeah so cool
yeah you guys want to see like I'm sure
a lot of you kind of like know what
first it could go with but yeah so I
think what Brittany is doing is really
cool because a lot of her photography is
based around Bible verses
and really create a photo shoots like
this where she designs like you guys
know she designs dresses and puts her
own flair on things so let's bring this
up into the woods and do some magic that
is quite the dress we got the ladder set
up over here and for those of you who
are into photography here is the camera
we use the Canon 70d gonna nice 85 yeah
here's the before shot guys oh it's
gonna look so cool
so if changed outfits now we're doing
the red smoke bomb first smoke bomb shot
I'm gonna shoot right here so we gotta
set up this fuse right here I love your
shirt so much who loves dressing shirt
hey you bought it for me that's why I
love it but it says Jesus is dope cuz he
is what this lighting tube that smoke
bombs are gonna look so good got a dry
ground dry ground that's real cute Jay
ray yeah high continuous I'll just keep
moving go the same spot we put the other
one
that one's my weight that's super cool
yeah yes cool smoke bombs are so cool
makes for the perfect like photo shoe it
also made like this whole park like all
misty I think some people are wondering
I was going on but now
oh you're so Christian I don't know why
you always have to be judging me
okay we are about head over to see
Barrett baby Barrett oh so like I'm
literally like so pumped am i clipping
it seems my mom Jean
well first we want to get him some
flowers hopefully find a little teddy
bear I think that would be cute if you
guys saw the other vlog we were
we wanted to get him a teddy bear but we
didn't at that other place
so hopefully get him one today but we're
just so happy that they had a healthy
safe pregnancy and that baby is healthy
and here if you guys didn't see Andrews
Instagram post that was really cool if
not go check it out below he had some
really good words to say and there's a
picture of little baby bear so what kind
of flowers we get in Brit maybe Andrew
wants flowers too no that's perfect
let's get those oh that one's great I
thought they wouldn't have any teddy
bears you know yeah a little black bear
the more the merrier I say now just to
walk in find the room say hey guys this
is just surreal
okay
I guess we'll just chill I'm gonna freak
them out when they get in here surprise
them Hey
Oh you should just be sitting in there
okay okay hello
yeah we're at your room well guys as you
can see all that footage was from a
little bit ago but forgot to put it in a
vlog and so I thought I'd share with you
just that little time we had getting to
go to the hospital and see Andrew Mary
cuz they are back at the house now and
whoa I also wanted to show you guys
Brittany and I got some gifts the other
day when we had our gender-reveal party
and just look at how keep some of this
stuff is so we got this little little
girl shirt thank heaven for little girls
so this is I think for making
nine-month-old obviously it's a pretty
big newborn can't fit mat now can it so
we got this and then some people gave us
some like kids books got Barracks
that's Brittany's old journal I think
don't use a little one god walk it out
the radical result of living God's Word
one step at a time
Blake gave us this parenting book for
teen gospel principles that can
radically change your family really so
glad he gave us this thanks Blake
because we don't have any parenting
books yet and definitely need to get
start reading those got another random
book or see this stuff these cute little
like little comfy baby clothes baby are
you excited to have a sister do you know
what I'm saying yes you're gonna have a
human sister we have this room full of
just you know we have two bags here of
baby clothes Oh guys it's just so crazy
like going through baby clothes because
we're actually gonna be parents like
they're so cute there are some seriously
cute stuff in here I'll have to do
another vlog like just showing you some
of the stuff but we got this desk here
as well we're gonna use for the baby
room just a cute thing and giraffe I
think that's Brittany's old teddy bear
gosh it's just if you guys been
following us for a while now I feel like
time is flying Andrew and Mary are
already parents we're gonna be parents
soon man guys have found Brittany did
you know I'll just let Brittany tell you
how far along are you now 21 weeks
that's a little over halfway guys so we
whoa so by May baby Stu our daughters
gonna be here and it's gonna be real
because this whole process is you know
that's just waiting but how's pregnancy
been for you lately
good like currently right now I don't
know if I look at but I am so tired um
because my cravings are like weird and
so I just had like pancake and so I'm
like a pancake coma right now but yeah
it's really good and I can't complain
yeah we're just so excited and it's just
it it's really cool to you know have
this vlog channel so that we can look
back you know in the future on our lives
and remember these times I'm sure five
10 years I look back on this video and
be like whoa
a lot has changed but and then even
showing our our daughter of these videos
whoa
and it's cool you guys get to come along
and hang out with us and enjoy this life
together and you guys just mean a lot to
us so thanks for always supporting us
and Android Mary as well it's the best
but I think I'm gonna end the vlog now
keep it more like simple vlog today you
know just hanging out with us with some
daily activities and it was it was a
good day so yeah we will see you guys
back here tomorrow good
