good morning everybody it's a new vlog
for you guys yeah and like we mentioned
in yesterday's vlog we are heading up to
Breckenridge today but we're not doing
that right now are we no we got work to
do first as always oh oh hey that's a
funny we're driving huh what are we
doing
slugs haha we're trying slugging are we
going for library whatever window in
right now oh wow oh yeah I guess we're
gonna try in the library maybe in the
stores just see how it goes we haven't
tried doing slugging on like carpet so
we don't know if it'll be really burning
but it'll be fun at least get some clips
in the library we thought it'd be funny
if we had a slug or snail outfit as well
so that idea is still in the works but
this guy got extremely close working
here come on alright we're here in the
library about to get the first clip
right here
it's going to be really funny guys just
look how beautiful it is out today
you're getting some viral clips by the
way oh yeah we just got a few in the
library and we're gonna get a ton all
over the place so there's like a hall
over here we're going to go through the
hallway and then probably Walmart or
some my board is almost dead though
thankfully I brought mine that's an
issue your stickers are still doing good
yeah kind of rip a little but that's
okay did you guys know it's Justin's
turn and get some clips yeah there's
like a lot harder than in this view you
see I've seen like you my arms are so
sore yeah no you have to put like a ton
of pressure forwards
it hurts yeah this way
we're taking a quick break from filming
and we're in the mall because I want to
see if there's some other stickers that
I want to put on our helmet because you
know we talked about that while or those
personal assault man that would protect
you if you fell very hard yeah salsals
violation and also maybe they're gonna
have like big shirts at hmm our
Burlington because I want to wear them
over like we did last time with the
Broncos jerseys they have a slack
sticker but he looks kind of evil so we
can't get bad guys
he's just sleepy you want it yeah we're
H&M wha what's going on and they're
these extra-long tank tops long fit see
this one's kind of cool man Oh plus the
white sleeves
there's a peek
banana you kind of want that I do only
$5 see this could fit over shirt that'd
be fun
but it's just white I mean you can just
wear that like for a normal t-shirt but
it's text it's too big how big is it now
why does ask is you're pulling a dude
mustard
grandma made this for me we're thinking
of new things to do every time I go
snowboarding so we're trying to think of
what we wear themes each time so like
this time we go we are considering doing
button-down shirt theme snowboarding
trip because these are only three
dollars put them over our snowboarding
gear and Rolex grandma sweater I also
have some long shirts over there that
are pretty cool but we're gonna see at
Burlington has some deals as well
alright guys looks like we've gone with
the button-down theme for tomorrow's
boarding session this is gonna be funny
do you have any ties I don't know well
folks looks like it's about that time to
head up to Breckenridge I got my
Breckenridge hon Brits in here and Daisy
we're not bringing Daisy we're dropping
her off actually
she's quite a date here yeah you excited
to go to dick cake baking I they're
gonna be potato is there Daisy she's due
distracted and Mary's already gonna be
up there cuz she has school and she's
yeah she's meeting us there
quick gassed up yes we need gas are we
going nowhere
Oh guys it's snowing
sorry to turn that off yeah
but it is snowing we can barely see what
we're driving out here is epic oh this
is trippy
yay we made it here finally and we have
our own big room too - OH - see - - OH -
see on 42 to shoot Oh - when Mary is
running a bit behind you know she got
hung up at school right but she will be
here actually and we will we will film
her arrival with tons of parties
you're gonna prank your Brit yes Brit
prank Mary yes yes yeah I don't know
pranker I feel like she's doing that
it's okay to do that chair she's yeah
she's second Andrew already tried so if
he somebody has to try and prank Mary
I'll try and do it yo it smells good
news now how nice is the room this time
let's check it out Squad turn on the
dang light whoa no sorry
so here's a nice couch the chill area
with TV whoa they've even stove so you
can grill the bathroom the bedroom
the closet alright time for dinner
Empire burger
oh we're desperate and they look packed
great
yes yes yes yeah dinner was fabulous
Thank You cb+ was it good guys and local
meats yes our favorite bye guys very
arrived
yay lots of hot sausages no we're just
getting snacks right now and breakfast
yeah let's go go go go go we switch over
to the GoPro because we're going to the
jacuzzi real quick right before they
close we don't want to get the camera
wet so we have this
is going on over here think you're
saying that one time ah Q is that
that's so awkward I'm going to show you
guys what we got just got back from the
jacuzzi
it's in the freezer here here we are
Arctic zero ice-cream salted caramel
this is the best because it says it's
gluten free GMO free lactose free yeah
well guys it's 11 p.m. and it's time for
bed
I guess I'll see you guys in the morning
good night looks so fun
