what's up guys how's it going today just
been kind of hanging around the house
watching some YouTube videos but didn't
want to do something on the computer
real quick so maybe you've heard this
maybe you have it it's been going around
that Jeb Bush forgot to renew his
website domain Jeb Bush calm and Donald
Trump bought it so if you type it in it
goes to Donald Trump calm I I think I
saw that I didn't know if it's true or
not so I'm gonna try right now see what
happens so I wanted to go on a run this
morning just a little jog but I can't
find my running shoes where are my
running shoes these are like racing
shoes I mean I could jogging them but
yeah some hiking boots maybe what
happened to my shoes also sambhar set up
it works those peppers those peppers we
want some those peppers someone looks
excited to go for a run well I guess I'm
gonna take a shower now since I'm not
gonna go for a run as I can't find my
shoes mmm feeling ready for the day it's
lunchtime now and I'm gonna go get a
hamburger now I don't like getting fast
food I try not to eat it that much but
there's this hamburger store called
drifters hamburgers it is really good
and I haven't been there and so long but
I feel like I need one today because I
think I'll just get a hamburger thanks
I think it's the sauce boss Justin has
arrived round of applause everybody back
what from what other nice Kim oh yeah
you felt like doing that today
you got there I got lunch some Chipotle
I'm still hungry after my hamburger so I
don't know what to do I'm doing partial
taxes it was the best yeah I was I spent
the last couple hours just kind of rain
down receipts and stuff they had so many
of them take forever but uh it's just
that time of year got you up the taxes
well we are going to a suit shop other
side because the Andrew said there's a
sale going on Nixon it what's the sale
right now
I forget that pictures a 998 or
something for a suit
no for just a sport jacket so we're
gonna try them on and see if we look too
handsome
last time thinkin I went to Joseph a
banks we got suits matching suits what
Joseph hey pink and Aaron and Nick were
here there's this guy that works here he
said he hasn't worn a pair of jeans in
like 20 years he dresses up in a suit
what suits out the Wiis ooh fellas
that's okay you can roll with it
Richmond lifestyle part two but then you
need to have a the robe underneath it
a six-figure deal is in this is quite
the comfortable suit I must add really
go ahead or what yeah that's a nice
color to be honest yeah that's that's
perfect
homeless business no you look like
you're trying to go for Sherlock Holmes
there you go
you need that umbrella unless some
tailored Underpants tailored unders
their sale rack was kind of limited
today so we didn't get anything
now back to home we're doing a small oh
that small ping-pong tournament with me
Nick Aaron and me that guy a whole
terrible return also editing new print
this is gonna be a good one this is
third person mode I had a good idea it's
gonna get a cool dolly shot of ping pong
Oh focus though at the mall Mary and I
picked up some glow-in-the-dark ping
pong balls here the other these are
actually for beer pong but we don't play
that game so we just play ping pong
Aaron and I are gonna go play around
hopefully you can see something on the
camera I don't know if you will or not
but let's go see all right I'm training
let off ah I can kind of see with my
Ellie okay I'm getting a ball can you
guys see that all right we're gonna try
now
oh I don't think you can see the camera
it works camera though okay we just
watched a survivor the season premiere
with a flying that was nice
see a game I'm getting closer and it's
getting warmer but you guys can't tell
but your camera can nice I haven't seen
survivor the longest time it's such a
cool show yeah it is really the season
is awesome already yeah tomorrow
oh yeah we're going up to Breckenridge
again with the ladies snowboarding it's
gonna be warm again but it hasn't snowed
since last time you went
so hopefully the snow is still you know
pretty good yeah Breckenridge Thursday
snow but off high of 43 a hundred
percent chance at 6 p.m.
Aaron Justin I am just arrived back home
and I haven't told you guys yet but me
and Brittany actually just recently
signed up for a month at Orangetheory
fitness
I am literally so excited we've been
wanting to get back into working out and
this place we've done before I don't
know if you guys have been here soon
since we did the one vlog at
Orangetheory but it's like seriously one
of the hardest workouts I've done and
we're just wanting to get back into
shape so we're just giving it a go for a
month and see what happens so right now
I'm just cooking dinner and getting
ready for this we got it in like an hour
and 20 minutes or something and we'll
show you guys the studio and what it's
all about and then if any of you live
here in Colorado you should come and
work out with us
with the wifey made it yes just putting
this in the water
it's a viga electrolyte hydrator keeps
you like hydrated it says it replenishes
electrolytes minerals and antioxidants
ready for a hard workout we're gonna go
over to treadmills do lots of running
then after treadmills immediately go
over there it's gonna be tough
somebody close to you if that doesn't
wake up won't do that again and we sure
to get you check now going to hit that
red stuff yeah should you come on that
treadmill in my house you get both
defeated you time to run now folks you
take this
once a mile but we're not done yet time
to do the trick bills you need one
just got done early
please pay weights again to get you one
more thing great one more exercise we
are all dinos killer workouts an hour of
just constant movement and just got this
is I'm just so happy we have these my
favorite vegan sport protein this one's
mocha super delicious non-gmo 30 grams
of protein 6 grams of BCAAs and 6 grams
of glutamine how do you feel after that
out from your leg hopefully tomorrow
boxing they're going boarding and then
we're doing another Saturday glide by
the end of the month I'm sure we're
gonna see a significant increase in our
performance and everything so so this is
cool they send a performance report to
your email looks like I burned 892
calories in class and I was in the
orange zone for 29 that 29% they do not
know but being in the orange and green
zone is that what you're supposed to do
basically the orange zone if you're in
it for a long time you're still burning
calories the next day so it looks like I
did a very good job
oh my god it's raining burrito
and just like that it's the end of the
vlog thanks for watching today's video I
hope you enjoyed it we are doing
something very fun today and tomorrow
and we're traveling up there today so be
prepared for epic bogs yeah now quick
before we go a couple quick
that's of the day first one is from
Buford can I get a treat if I get
comment of the day Buford you silly
goose why did you do that he's a tree
Buford roll over roll over give boy
Brandon says more slugging more slugging
you will get don't you worry yes I am a
goat and yes I said yesterday that I was
going to Bangladesh but my flight got
delayed and you know what I may not
every get comment of the day but but I
just hope Justin or Andrew ceases
because they see you might go people
clicks forget to reply I have no mother
place what okay thank you goat and
that's the end so you guys tomorrow
peace good bye
that's awesome
is it fun yeah my pants are gonna be so
dirty
