well good Oh everyone's hey sorry guys
it's okay
what's up oh nothing are we doing
something fun for today's vlog look we
have brought those you called hover
wheels hoverboards back yeah I haven't
used mine in like a month plus I feel
like I should use mine a lot when Isaac
was here cuz he used to always come
downstairs but you went to rag this oh
you just like to watch you yeah how's
that you already know so yeah we asked
you guys on Twitter what challenges you
guys want to see us do on hoverboards so
we're going to try a few of the ones you
send in and we also have an idea where
we want to try and both get on the board
at the same time like I don't know how
we're gonna do it but we're gonna try
and like both try and hoverboard at the
same time with like wood or skateboards
so it should be a fun blog where are we
deeper or what's okay you first
what softening to another Lego oh my god
it's ready for real oh my god it's rain
for real
oh my god it's wings shake it up them
train wriggles we're now Andrews house
and we're going to try the skateboard
for hoverboard this is called the double
hover it looks pretty fun you know yeah
so we're just doing one person on this
earth both mm this might be funny what
yes
you want me to film sure
okay guys stop all right guys let's go
is it working
forward Oh No
Hey whoa
how do we make this work use brain can't
please all right so cool what yeah
that's so cool what's the point I don't
know it was like you're skiing well
we're getting somewhere
this is rad with these mods andrew is a
really good idea to put wood on here and
we're both going to stand this is a
great idea so we kinda have to get on at
the same time right foot help me go
okay now go forward yah I think this is
how they invented the car probably with
hoverboards
now let's oh gosh well on this boards
rolling without me telling you to it's
like oh no it's working we didn't put
the wood on the pressure points I'm
gonna put my feet on them and andrew has
to I'm gonna be the caboose
ready come on forward are we doing good
yeah so far eh
oh hey it's gonna be hard to turn as
I've just realized since the boards
aren't really attached we will just try
and turn okay right yeah
crap backwards backwards what's
happening time we were going forward
there's no stopping
should I keep sliding like this under
the board's so what is the fixation here
you have to tape the boss of the
hoverboard and then you can oh let's try
alright we'll see if this works
whoa slow find us in the street now uh
I'm arriving I'm on I can't really go
forward it's easier for me to go
backwards well that's not good guys
I can't dude what's going on I can't
ride with this really did you guys know
that a bunch of hoverboards were
actually recalled they are setting on
fire and everything
I'm so glad ours hasn't done that yet
have you passed the wake up until nice I
smell cookies ah they're actually banned
on airplanes people used to ride these
in the airport
luckily ours are the good kind
the officers errand air he just got out
of school again yeah I gave him a quick
calls like Aaron did you leave school
yet he was on his way home I turn around
quick we have a funny idea hey those are
the sweats I got you for your birthday
my new fave yes all right
when you guys love to tweeted us to do
this so Andrews trying it that's awesome
is it fun yeah my fans are gonna be so
dirty though that's okay so weird it's
like a weird worm dude
it looks so good
they're having a kick out of it is it
hard to do that let's take a look out
dirty war ah was it terrible
Roland oh you all dusting out you gotta
go in they wash now what's happening
it's time for slug races Oh Andrew
racing slug style slug style is the best
three two one go holy cow
Oh getting s'mores nah they sell a Bed
Bath and Beyond for like three and a
bucks keep super sizing try it
sure you better yeah put the laptop down
mm-hmm
do not want me to she does
all right whatever my counts all right
by yourself outside it's like more it's
like smoother so that's why yeah I know
it's fun but well it was like it does
okay okay okay we have what you're
feeling one schoolrooms all right Wow
that was that was a super fun idea yeah
you want to do more of that dirty now
worth it though you guys should we tell
him now do you guys think that'd be
funny in the library yes leave a comment
you think that'd be funny in the library
or just leave leave a thumbs up if you
guys want to see us do more slugging we
can go in the store or we can get us our
clocks lucky the new trend slugging with
hoverboards now time for people what
read one game game oh but you know week
yeah you are
freak way to lose
guys you're like sod it it's what oh
it's a crack your voice a little when
the teacher says you got a pop quiz what
what what Troy what what what what I
just beat this guy why I don't care I'm
still one-on-one if you guys I'm
undefeated but I'm versing Aaron now but
if you vote it for me to win you win -
hey that's the definition undefeated no
one beat me yet today all right back boy
Catan why you roll back to work oh well
guys that's it for today's vlog I had so
much fun and I hope you guys have fun
watching it you guys want to see more of
the hoverboard madness that we did in
today's vlog let us know by leaving a
thumbs up I'm sure we're gonna try this
again soon maybe even do a prank about
it I don't know
and today's comment of the day is a good
one it's a really simple comment it's by
the YouTube commenter actually and he
commented today is the day there's just
so much meaning behind that comment if
you just think about it today's the day
today's the day I'm going to be
extremely happy maybe leave some
comments down below of what yours is
today I'd love to read through and
that's it I guess we'll see you guys
tomorrow goodbye
that was a real man that would be
disturbing
he's just didn't any public guys where
the
