Hey good morning everyone hey worst
intro because of you
you decided to do that
what's up or just watch but I already
eat lunch
well I'm cooking right now I found these
things at the store and I wanted to try
them complete they're good it was this a
beast burger I said there's 23 grams of
protein so all about them gains you know
what I mean and I'm going to put this
mango salsa on it as well
well guys we are at Best Buy now because
andrew has a present he was by himself
myself where is it alright don't know
and we haven't really done much today so
far because we've kind of been working
on some other things that we can't tell
you about because it's just a surprise
for us and we don't I just can't tell
you anything okay we were applying the
emails and such in person
oh that's what soundbar oh they don't
have any dag gummit guy dad did you
looking at the movies now saw this why
would they name this mi5 any ideas well
mission impossible but that's not
mission impossible yeah that's like
they're tricking people
well trick people into thinking it's
mission impossible so they'll buy it
it's working because they saw only one
laughs yeah they're gonna get home day
where is Tom Cruise he must have got
voted off the season see Mission
Impossible this is what you need here
you have a widget that's just like a bad
cover difference like which one looks
better that one this one come on guys
can someone tell the geese to get out of
the road traffic jam up in this joint
Oh we are back from Best Buy we both got
something but we're welcome back to the
unboxing sisters
so what I got was a limited-edition
steelbook of Skyfall blu-ray and digital
HD
so I want to open this for you guys I
really enjoy steal books just cause
they're really cool and Skyfall was an
amazing movie so it's taking this off
look at this guys can you explain like
how it feels this feels incredible let's
take a open oh wow so included as a
digital HD copy you can put on your
computer now this is specific to Best
Buy I think Limited Edition why I could
only get these at Best Buy just feel
this Wow
I think that all the Daniel Craig
version steel books they had Quantum of
Solace Casino Royale uh-huh
and this was only ten bucks and I had a
reward coupon for five dollars off so
five bucks this is a sound more what is
it this was $40 off so I said that
sounds interesting to me so I bought the
guy said it wasn't that great you didn't
take his word for it that's Obi hey it
was $40 off and that's probably why but
he said you could return it if you don't
like it yeah I think you got 15 days
return if you really do
I like it no just it'll make this sound
stronger not so much more powerful base
wise but it works for 30 days straight
no joke I stopped working after 30 days
a power cable that I do want so this is
the power cable where do you plan on
installing this by the way actually
might put this downstairs
Oh for fun experience next to the foyer
there's a lot of cables that's the
downside this is about what I
anticipated you'll get a proper review
from Andrew after he watches two movies
on the soundbar he will recommend this
or return this we will see soon it'll be
quick recommend or return find out next
time on more Jesus Jack we're having too
much fun I think a little too much fun
on snapchat with a slo-mo feature so
we're doing tons of slo-mo Boop's you
posted some of our stories so maybe you
saw this man my stomach hurts I gave
good one though you just swipe over here
to slo-mo mode often sent me a snapchat
what could this be
has anyone seen the revenant yes I mean
it's the best what do you have to say
about that
she must have fell asleep the revenant
was so good I haven't met one person
that did like the revenant
besides Colton that would be disturbing
he's just didn't publicize we're very
immature if you don't know already you
should try it it's fine on snapchat okay
whoa let's take a look at this Sun set
either whoa look at it the Sun set
huh oh did you get it dog housing just
holding that you think there we go I got
the pig breath dogging out at the
grocery store now and this is my
favorite meat to get chicken Colorado
crowd
Boulder meets yes dinnertime now some
guac chicken and veggies and Brett
actually had a kickboxing class today
how was that happen it was awesome I
like my whole day say I've been full of
just like working out got it really
early and ran with my mom and then
boxing's me you're killing it hon is it
your BOTS up potatoes she's like what's
that he can't get the pin yep it's a
potato Daisy please look at this guy's
Wow Wow
Wow
that's all for today's vlog let's take a
quick look at some comments of the day
in that right engine yeah I got no sleep
last night my smoke alarms went off
every hour of the night and kept me in
my family awake until 4 a.m. we also
happened to be dog settings so the dog
was terrified by the hype of sound not
sure why I commented this but I thought
it might be an interesting to read from
Anthony Martin that moment when you
binge watch 2 weeks of js2 vlogs to
catch up William are you serious two
weeks we got a tweet actually
yesterday's of some guy saying he
watched our vlogs yesterday for 10 hours
straight you guys work in the same but
that is awesome at the same time I'm
going to buy something non-gmo and when
I come back this better be top comment
well oceans Bluebell you didn't make top
comment but you made comment of the day
and I want to know what you bought that
was non-gmo the last non-gmo thing I had
was almonds and cashews this channel
changed my life thank you just a major
highway can I be coming up today from
Daniel Oh guys that's all folks
I don't know what else to say thanks for
coming back and watching our vlogs every
day let's just get this vlog to a
thousand likes ok we haven't done that
in a while so let's just try goodbye
there are some seriously idiotic people
our apartment our apartment complex
specifically told people not to bring in
18-wheelers and they went over the curb
and into the grass and concrete area and
now got stuck
like why would you bring this here and
now they're going to get in trouble and
get fined but I just thought I'd film
this like
