well good morning everybody
you're probably wondering why I said
good morning because it's literally
nighttime right now it's actually 5:00
a.m. 5:30 and we're going snowboarding
today so I'm an interest house I'm about
to leave
who's ready to snowboard you need some
help here
sure you pick that oh gosh King Soopers
time for a quick breakfast also Nikolas
is coming
the squad Aaron would have came to he
has school day dad said no skipping yeah
I don't know I have a feeling you Damon
ass so Aaron Aaron you shoulda came with
us haha King Soopers in a meeting and we
remember the Einsteins opens and fine am
just designing the mill here
this is awesome I have Wi-Fi while drive
because a personal hotspot also slot
yes
all right guys we after two hour drive
we have made it to Breckenridge this is
like our favorite place to uh what
happened sorry about our friend did I
leave the door open
oh my bad right too many times in the
trees
yeah we just got to get geared up and
we're switching cameras because this is
like one of the one of the camera I
don't want to break because I've already
snowboarded and broke the camera before
so we're using our downgraded cameras
intrude you got the other camera full
let's take a look at it you're the old
vlogging camera hey one no secret about
this one what okay didn't work but the
lens cap gets stuck open is because
Nicholas spilt peace tea all over it
really yeah oh yeah remember downstairs
playing rocket League and we all had
peace teas and you like knocked it off
and it spill all over the clear really
yeah that was you whoa guys were we're
doing a new style of boarding today I
got this Jersey since the Broncos won
the Superbowl we're going a full Broncos
get over here see
so done yeah
yeah we're gonna get some sick shots we
got the go Popo that camera what's over
here son
Oh solidly that lift oh yeah what is
this alright
back in one thank goodness we got snacks
would you fellas get already ate my
chocolate whoo we just did this epic
tree run through all these trees and
then we're in this cool fort someone
built yeah this is a pretty swag fort II
snapped cannon oh is that snapchat I'm
super sweaty as well so I definitely had
to take my helmet off I was like whoa
head starting to feel weird so freakin
nice I can't believe this yeah you just
stick your head back kind of roll around
in the snow at all
ah guys the new pranks life have you
seen it yet
pop please go check it out give it a
thumbs up maybe a share dude they're
hitting these tree rails
oh he missed but oh there he goes uh he
was kind of on it you guys miss the
biggest one you freaks but if you can
listen you can hear the man playing
clarinet Shh
guys I don't hear any clarinet guys we
are all done snowboarding holy crap how
many runs did we do I don't even know
but he said he can tell us in a few
minutes okay she's got that okay but
we're at Subway cuz we need food all
right
do you know you want yet then get it
that Oh
please long any oh hey watch this
wait quick kind of odd that's a good
shot so I'm like what's a good bite you
take a sip of water while you swim too
what goodbye we'll see you boy we are
done
snowboarding guys and I hope you enjoy
the edit we put together of the
snowboarding it was such a fun day and I
want to know what you guys want to see
us do next time when we go so no
boarding you guys want to see more
tricks do you want to see us try new
things more Narnia adventure they can't
eat the forest stuff we could wear
different things maybe leave your
comments down below and we'll take your
comments and apply them to next time we
go and where we're going to go with the
girls next time as well so that is going
to be really fun if you haven't tried
snowboarding yet you should definitely
try because it is insanely awesome so
much fun and I'm looking at also
comments
spaceboy Sam thank you for this comment
I just want to say like we appreciate it
very kind of you and yeah and also you I
with the long comment here I hope this
gets comment of the day well you are
getting comment of the day you'll I
appreciate all your support and I am
glad to have you in the Jace to crew
gotta made God is so good that's right
then amen anyways I guess we will see
you guys tomorrow
good bye Oh be happy because King
Casey yeah I just got it just got a
speeding ticket he always speed on the
same Road and I always tell him like
watch out there will be a copy or one
day and the
