well good morning everybody is the day
after the Super Bowl as you can tell we
were super excited the Broncos won and
we're still
we're still in a good mood today's a
good day the sky is blue the sun is
shining but anyways um like I said in
yesterday's vlog we are coming back to
modern market again yes this is three
times pretty much in a row
I am unashamed this is so good but we
have a meeting with this lady that we
are going to be working with on a
project that we kind of been on our
heart lately and we want to get you guys
involved it's something that I'll tell
you about soon but it involves giving
and making a difference in the world and
I am just so excited to announce it and
get you guys involved well we are all
done with the meeting how do you think
it went boss with a good meeting we'll
pay you motivated
yeah we will tell you more soon not it's
not quite ready yet we want to be fully
prepared we want to have everything
ready before really sits which should
will be shortly probably after we had a
million subscribers and yeah anyways now
we are going to film for this week's
prank it's about the time again folks so
we tell them overfilling or yeah why not
you talk you guys remember in the last
prank Justin did the one Clifty got a
computer sort of clicking a wild maniac
mode so we're just gonna do more of that
yeah
a lot of you guys liked it and we
listened to comment so that's what we're
doing we have our own laptop they have
laptops in the library we have our own
Mouse
so we'll see how this goes folks we are
in the UCCS library right now folks
please don't tell on us give me a
position this library is so big though
that's why we always come here like it
goes from that end to all the way over
there we just finished some pranking a
think about well but we didn't finish
yeah you drew so to say well Justin
found this on the ground won't know what
it is I do it's a blank check to Andre
oh yeah why don't you leave a blank
looks like people really need to be more
careful says it's for a tutor come on
but here's what you do with blank checks
what Diaz see we're helping whoever made
this vital mistake if this got in the
hands of the wrong folks who knows what
could it happen to your baby just a
quick free vacation for oh sweet thanks
Andre
good morning guys it's a new day and I
forgot it just got a speeding ticket he
always speeds on the same Road and I
always tell him like watch out there
will be a copy or one day and this
today's today is Britney's birthday
because I got a ticket yeah will not let
this affect the day though no we won't
but getting a ticket to never fun so I
told Justin that at least this is not a
car accident like maybe we should be
very grateful that this is just a ticket
there they are
Darren eight that was in the 20-day
period court dates gonna be on marks
first one to handle colors for
investment for positive okay any
questions to pay online you say - she
said slow it down please seriously maybe
this is like a sign that it could have
been so much worse seem to slow the poo
down yeah let's go to 57 in a 45 but I
didn't want to be late
it's better there like to be late than
like nothing I just think that huh it's
just I don't know I think it could be a
lot worse and take it's not that bad um
but it's like
sorry we're gonna have a bad day huh yep
jokes on ya so anyways guys today is a
really special day because it is
obviously Britney's birthday she is 22 I
am so happy for her she's not with me
right now because one of her presents
today her gifts was a spa treatment and
we were at the Broadmoor
and a lot of you probably don't know
what the Broadmoor is it's a really a
five-star pretty much hotel here in
Colorado and this spa is insane yes
and I will tell you guys that this Spa
is I think they said one of the most
recognized best spas in the world which
I find is insane so I'll show you a
little bit of it so here's the hallway
you got beautiful flower wallpaper you
come over here the spas
over what
guys she's back how was it Britt ah good
a good massage just look how beautiful
it is out right now
oh yeah this is the whole resort of
Broadmoor like it goes from there all
the way over there they have so much to
do here it's insane I am bringing you
back here now we're at a rock shop
that's with the Broadmoor this is a
dinosaur femur
oh my I've never seen something like
this before
that's insane dinosaur femur 150 million
years old
what what's that it's a very very hump a
wooly mammoth
what whoa those fish now we are ready
for birthday lunch why don't you tell
him where we're at we got married well
we didn't get married here but perfect
where we had our reception yeah our
reception was here guys we didn't even
really get to eat the food I know but it
just brings back good memories the
margarita this is where we walked down
and if you saw our wedding video you
probably saw a lot of everything
happened in there
so it was fun the best party ever start
we got a house salad with a fresh
homemade loaf of bread comment' oh
cheese spread
No
no you eat your greens cool thing about
this restaurant is that they always have
something like new like MIT for the next
couple days they only have a
chimichangas and salads and then they
switch out the menus so we got
chimichangas well I know we've only
lodged us eating but that's what we've
been doing today cuz Brittany like
Margit heart is my stomach so Justin's
just me too though haha looking
beautiful and I got the swag outfit
today in our girl against
swagalicious anyways we're gonna find
dining pepper tree this should be very
fun nice thank you so we both have never
been here before
how do you feel any oak on it's your
birthday guys out there you always have
to treat your lady on their birthday and
don't let them look at the price or
change your mind because you need to
make them feel loved
oh yes he looks so good you look so
handsome
thank you just start things off
tableside bread Oh horse you've had so
many carbs today and I don't feel bad
bad I just feel like you guys know we
will work out make it later this week
and then we'll film it so that would be
a good balance of eating and worth you
this place is also the best so far
because they cook right in front of you
so they're cooking our steaks right here
yeah that's a whole thing of butter I
love cooking you don't have to do the
dishes
that is fantastic you're certainly the
edge of
- pepper hi
then language basically language selfish
reasons
ginger recombinational you guys are a
little small night like ready yes that's
awesome
and that wasn't purpose and here's the
final product guys pepper steak with
angel hair pasta we would like it in
forever we go it's the best well folks
had a fantastic birthday day with
Brittany birthdays are always fun get to
spend time with each other do fun things
I'm just overall really happy and yeah
look though Oh silly me I'm sorry Connor
will do comments right now first comment
of the day I want Justin to straighten
his hair maybe tomorrow I'll do that I
think I will do that tomorrow's vlog I
will straighten my hair okay
max says yesh healthy
I'm just looking at comments on a the
Super Bowl party vlog it's time to
explain to all Europeans and fans all
around the world how NFL has played the
rules and stuff honestly I don't think I
have time to explain how NFL is how
football works so maybe you can look it
up online but basically teams just try
and score touchdowns but yeah guys
that's all the comments I'm going to
read today thanks for always leaving
thumbs up on our vlogs in the comments
it's just awesome to see the interaction
with you guys I think it's really fun
too so yeah thanks guys
one thing I wanted to tell you guys
being a youtuber is kind of hard
sometimes because every vlog you have to
think of a title and thumbnail and
sometimes that can be extremely hard
like sometimes I'll spend like
minutes just trying to pick a perfect
thumbnail do you guys normally just
click on our videos because of the
thumbnail title or do you click on it
because it's a video from us do you look
for anything in specific when you're
wanting to watch a YouTube video
I don't know I'm curious be happy
because you can and we will see you all
back here tomorrow good bye
