this morning guys it's time to go to the
Bronco Super Bowl parade so I'm taking
breakfast with me and got a muffin and a
half of a Bolthouse so we're not gonna
make it
we need some gas I also brought bigger
camera to get some cool shots or
something so that should be fun I made
it to Denver and walked over to the
light rail
the people down here station is already
goodness gracious Scott can't even get
on
made it downtown for the crazy ride so
many people I wanted to go to Civic
Center Park having like a party there
but I just there was no room on any
train to get down there's how to go to
Union Station this is where the parade
starts so that could be fun I heard on
the news - they're preparing for riots
just in case if not any here people
cheering
whoo back to the car now I decided to
skip the rally after the parade
everybody started going to a Civic
Center Park and it was just hundreds and
hundreds of thousands of people all
going to the park I was like you know
what it's gonna take days to get home if
I go over there
so that's okay the parade was just so
awesome it's just so cool scene Von
Miller riding a fire truck in the front
and they come around the corner they got
the Lombardi Trophy is just shining in
the sky you're like wow I'm so glad I
got to go now it's time to go home and
get some food yeah I'm kind of thirsty
too so yeah thank you Broncos for a
super parade get a Super Bowl
onward running into King Soopers right
now if I want to make a smoothie
frozen fruit strawberries mangoes ain't
super sweet pineapple all right I was
listening to people on the train on the
way back there saying how the Denver
Public Schools had a free absence today
if you wanted to go downtown to the
rally and stuff so that's cool and some
of the schools had field trips like
that's part of their school schedule is
to go down there and see the parade is
awesome but I saw this picture on
Twitter and I want to show you guys this
is downtown Denver this is like during
the parade and there's so many people
this is the park I was talking about
where where I was was way down there at
the beginning of the parade like past
that big tall building on the right oh
and the streets are just covered in
orange and then once the prey 2 ended
all these people went to the park it was
nuts OHS commotion
von Miller snapchat story
of the parade oh man how crazy it is
down there oh my goodness John here
enjoying a smoothie some lunch and I
feel like I'm in the crowd so that's
pretty nice the mayor of Denver just
tweeted this it's official Broncos
parade over a million strong great day
to be a Broncos fan thank you
a million people talk about the traffic
I think days to get out of there but
yeah that's rad
well that's all I got for today's video
was just a short little adventure to
Denver to see the parade but I did want
to point something out before the video
ends
I made that smoothie yesterday and that
was so good and I used that Bay mango as
the base for that it was really good but
the problem I'm having is I will just
use this for example day five now I just
saw that commercial for the first time
and I know some of you guys were
tweeting us to saying they're calling it
by not Bay by now the problem I have
with this is we made the Bay prank a
little while ago and before we did the
baby prank like well is that how was
pronounced so what we did was we went
into notes and we made Siri say Bai and
when we did the prank when you make her
speak it it said Bay now now if you go
to speak bye it says bye I promise you
we did that prank series said Bay she
did that's why we did the prank because
Syria said Bay now this commercial comes
out Siri says bye what's going on it's a
conspiracy theory I tell you and it's
Bay so yeah that's my rant for this
morning we are gonna go finish our prank
because today is Wednesday and we didn't
get to finish the prank Monday yeah we
did get to finish filming Monday so
we're gonna go out finish filming and
yeah another vlog later tonight so stay
tuned for that
Oh another amazing announcement check it
out farm invaders final farm invaders is
done guys I sent it to Rasmus and he did
some like sound editing and some music
for it so I will upload this tomorrow
get ready for our fun film it's like 12
minutes long but yeah don't take us too
seriously
this is our first film you ever made
when we were like 10 be on the lookout
tomorrow for that we'll see you guys
next time
all right peace
