whoa whoa whoa whoa what what is up guys
welcome back to vlogs we're starting off
the vlog with a new hairstyle today I
remember marrying back in high school
always wanted to straighten my hair but
never got a chance to do it because in
high school my hair was long like this
too so today we're gonna use the hair
straightener and see what happens it's
gonna be weird hair in high school was
longer
it was much so I say like yes wow you're
super thick what the world what have you
done looks so weird well that's the hair
soliton guys wait we gotta hit this will
like this are you watching a good weird
because I haven't done a haircut since
our wedding so my hair soft for the
wedding was you know shaved on the sides
like longer on the top so has just been
growing out like that so the sides are
always a little shorter than the top so
it's just very weird
oh now you're straining your hair yeah
good idea sorry hot yeah Wow well I'm
gonna put on a Broncos jersey today
because tomorrow's the Super Bowl so you
know Broncos feeling we're going to
Goodwill because we're trying to find a
like a little end table for downstairs
and I think my hair looks like some sort
of weird cartoon character who just got
fries it's like an anime person some
some weird Anna my animal MMA was stuck
his finger in a socket and he's like
yeah
guys look they have a Wii for $12 I kind
of want that there's an ad no six man
they got some sick games here guys bad
no four
rather fun a goodwill today I'm telling
these cool glasses like gold leaves on
them and then also explain these sloths
okay well you know spa so Andy gets soft
and Justin get the spa and it's keep
that the houses Wow their inspirations
loves inspiration sloths one more stop
Kohl's popcorn let's see if they have
some blue and orange popcorn or
interesting sodas thanks goodbye so cool
the blue is blueberry in the orange it's
just boring but it's pretty good trick
bad smart
Buford needs to get his nails clipped
they have a dog adoption here today
let's take a look
they're so small there ah here's our new
table I found a nice one a good will
fits the theme in here pretty well like
a log cabin ish nice what what Oh
hey everyone they just picked us up from
our apartment I'm so excited for snacks
who else
I'm excited first we are going to Costco
because guys are just too cheap to go
buy food so we're good apparently every
Saturday they have thousands of snacks
so oh it's Super Bowl Super Bowl snacks
the best day of the year I'm also just
completely in shock and in stun of
Andrews new hair should I keep this
style on I did this every day I would be
up that I couldn't shoot the back though
it's too short I want to do a prank like
with our both our hairs like that hey
you guys I wonder what my hair would
look like though maybe I ought to do it
later we had to park way out here
there's so many people at Costco today
it's just boggling my mind this is not
acceptable why is everyone here
Oh smooth eyes yes movies yeah
snacks were good
that was good snacks goodbye friends bye
maybe I'll straighten my hair today I
hope you do oh okay alright see ya
yo guys me and Brittany are stopping to
get some quick lunch now we're actually
going over my parents house tonight and
they're making food so it's already 3:00
we're going over soon so we're not gonna
eat much but we have knowledge and this
place just opened up modern market here
in Colorado Springs and I think it's
like a healthy place so I'm like so
excited to see like what the menu looks
like you ready but I'm so like Farm
Fresh eateries Oh
this is cool yes
oh my
guys this is seriously the best I love
that restaurants do this like this
little informational card on the back
our meat is humanely raised in all
natural yes all it is is like organic
stuff Wow guys me and Brittany just
found our go-to place to eat now I am so
glad Colorado Springs is finally getting
healthy places to eat
seriously everywhere around here is like
chain restaurants that are like pretty
much not healthy so we'll definitely be
going there more but now we're doing a
photoshoot with Brittany when I go on to
the swings over her not just review on
some of the footage here oh yeah yes I
am the only kid on the playground
honestly guys playgrounds just make me
really happy for some reason I guess not
for some reason they just I really enjoy
them haven't been on them in a while it
just brings me back to the old days
where technology doesn't get in the way
you know being outside having fun with
friends I remember back in the day
Andrew and me and a bunch of other
friends would playground ease it was so
fun if you guys haven't played ground
ease on the playground you got to try it
and if you don't know what it is you
just look it up it's a very fun game you
can't touch the ground because it's a
Abha I'm having so much fun all by
myself now time to decide wow I've been
on the slide in forever
why such a mess swinging bread remember
in the old good old days you hold hands
and sing at the same time you're gonna
get muy this is my kind of evening just
hanging out enjoying the lovely Colorado
weather right now although it's snowy
out it's actually really nice out just
huh this is this is the light pretty
about this the other day it's like the
best thing desi is like been distracted
with this for like hours you just put
peanut butter in it and the dog is set
so justin is throwing Daisy in the snow
she loves it loves it
you guys look at this sunset it is so
beautiful tomorrow that'll be a little
bit like brighter orange and that would
be darker blue cuz tomorrow's the Super
Bowl and you know you know what I'm
talking about
you guys what did I tell you what did I
tell you thank God just knows the
Broncos are in it to win it
well hello again everybody it is Super
Bowl Sunday here and we are all dressed
up for the Super Bowl and the Broncos I
want to show you my outfit so I got some
Denver socks some Denver bands I've got
some blue khakis I think is that what
they're called I don't know Broncos
shirt oh and the other day or a while
ago if you guys remember we went to like
this poker tournament I won this it's a
lighter it's really cool
it's a green flame this is so epic
welcome to Super Bowl Sunday boy oh boy
am I excited I spent last night
decorating the house let's go over a
little tour here oh my goodness gracious
got the blue and orange streamers going
streamers going down here
streamers on the Broncos man we good
that came in a fan mail so that's a good
decoration we got peter manning sitting
up here oh boys got an autographed
broncos hat on display another broncos
hat oh man let's go over today's food i
am slow roasting some pulled pork this
is gonna be delicious we've also got
some blue and orange popcorn from
yesterday chips and dip we got the
orange bread with some spinach and
artichoke dip so there's some of the
snacks we got going on here it's going
to be so yummy
it's time to shower up and get changed
given my Bronco gear let's do it
now I'm a very superstitious man when it
comes to sports so I have to wear the
same outfit as the last couple games
they've been winning I've been wearing
the same thing saw these socks with
these shorts with this Christmas sweater
because they've been winning so I passed
two playoff games they won so I'm not
changing my outfit
no way Jose and guys since as you saw a
couple minutes ago
we were just at modern market well we're
back I'm telling you we've no breakfast
yeah we don't have any breakfast food in
this place is so impressing in our lives
that we have to come back and we're
actually going and we're going back here
tomorrow as well because we have a
meeting with someone I just wish this
was on every city so you guys can try it
becomes a call router you have to try it
would you look at this
Coffee to start the morning organic
Fairtrade
yes please good grief this is so like a
huge day look this is a
restaurant-quality he's on to paint it
Jesus - oh my goodness
getting too high it's 12 o'clock game
starts at 4:30 but oh yeah this is
looking good we got some stubs barbecue
sauce to go inside
oh yeah ooh YUM came down to the shops
of our gate to come look at these
Broncos ice sculptures take a little
horse with it a bigger horse head Super
Bowl 50 with a football whoa this one's
better
wow that's cool so we're done breakfast
and now we are going home
we want to Steven Furtick as you guys
know so we are watching him live right
now Elevation Church y'all there live
okay every so bit every Sunday so now
we're rational yeah yeah
the first guest is here Aaron oh whoops
Buford has a Jersey yeah Buford you want
try on your Jersey yeah the hole there
you go that was easier there you go ah
there you go
Buford are you so excited hoho all right
before we go to the Super Bowl we were
finishing up Britney's newest video
that's what we've been doing these photo
shoots and whatnot I want to show you
what she looks like
look at that you're gonna have to see
the full video on her channel which one
is it gonna be out tomorrow Monday sweet
well this is one this videos also I'll
leave a link in the description you guys
can check it out it's really meaningful
video for her so please go support our
guys Aust is ready to lose in ping-pong
wait the finger of doom book is John
Elway's folks as are Joe Elway Mary's
Here I am here Mary brought balloons as
well so is this just completes the party
aroma
oh my swag here they come
Oh squad goes right there folks who's
excited Super Bowl Super Bowl snacks
snacks Super Bowl snacks snacks super
snacks super snacks saw dude saw you
need to tell her about Brittany doesn't
like that affect me eating how you're
gonna say first time trailing suppose
season ha did
we call now let's watch the replay we
called this we have this act we said no
whoa
fumble yes sir oh I'm not talking about
Jimmy so dude you were just sitting back
it's a commercial break it's time to
hand out some raffles for halftime
prizes I haven't even showed you guys
what we got it's going to be a surprise
don't prompt goes so broncos they just
come in but let's go ask your punk guys
squad awesome Wow fair catch
did he really cool fridge so clean that
was like awesome maybe they just assumed
we would that was pretty clear come on
guys we can do it right bring beaver
back to life hurry we could have scored
huge yeah Buford
sorry we're only filming us celebrating
actually film us getting mad at the
Broncos - why there's just lots good
celebrations the last few clips okay so
lets us get mad at when they when they
do bad when they go clothing oh come on
no for five mil straight outta compton
hotel factor all streaks Janice
ah
Oh bunker head on that yeah great
Broncos or paint man just threw an
interception I didn't feel feel I'm
pissed too I feel I miss how you guys
feel about halftime
what yeah all right guys we're gonna do
the raffle in a couple minutes here also
some fun helium balloons so stay tuned
it's coming up soon yes watch halftime
show
shoo Oh watch me up are you all right
what are you doing Iver you halftime up
back nope halftime update with Aaron oh
well the Broncos are up that's all you
need to know ah alright sign for second
half who's gay who's pumped
who's pumps and yo I skate man that's a
big one it's time for ruffles get your
raffle tickets out dress is about to
draw Oh
7 7 8 5 1 1
what do you win let's get the fur hit
her whoa first prize is a Darth Vader
vesti yeah yeah right I have to wear it
oh yeah all right round two Andrews
drawing fro zero do you want to try it
on microfiber hair hat here's my muse
you can't give away prizes Mary that's
yours you have to keep it five one zero
yeah they got there this is your prize a
ukulele perfect
right what happened dude Rath lost his
hat he lost his hat down use your baton
seven 8501 Shelby wins I'm playing your
prize it's a bubble blaster Bulls
bah-bah-bah
you got a prize it's a final prize
Austin he's got to be I would like to
update you guys with bad news but
Broncos are killing it over here
up his team and the best bands in that's
us guys the best fans in the NFL I wanna
well just the Wyatt kissed my kids I
want to go celebrate my family teammates
hey guys the Broncos just won the Super
Bowl we're very excited oh man guys I
just can't believe the Broncos won the
Super Bowl oh wow
oh it's Super Bowl time let's burn why
me Von Miller I know a Super Bowl MVP so
yeah this trophies for me my friends
pretty good I can't wait to have a great
party in my house later
once I retire football and then become a
chicken farmer you're gonna have lots of
chickens one of them actually give me
call Peyton moon
she's my favorite chicken he's a red
rash Kurt Beaufort get out feel fat
you got your uncle's one yeah
what's happening there's an idiot across
the street we have enough cancerous flag
let's get out there and show him what's
up oh sure let's go let's go get you
jack come on both yeah see you there the
Panthers flag you left some stuff man
what about that oh we have some friendly
Bronco neighbors supporters yeah the
whole squad over there
what do man
oh we're just celebrating making a video
Boober that's ever whoo you guys that I
saw over there Merlyn Jane is it is it
Jessa oh yeah got something to give me
by myself I wasn't super first time on
super by myself yeah yeah there are
little my parents have my daddy out stay
here tell our friends they got none oh
no oh yeah I think that guy was saying
he was celebrating Super Bowl time so
that's a shame
they want ya
how you guys feeling hey ya fellas nice
whitewall we're heading good seein Ellis
peace out fellas how happy are you that
the Broncos was shy oh yeah me too came
back to the apartment to relax now
that's it folks I don't know if you guys
are rooting for the Broncos but we
predicted it in the other vlog I don't
know if you saw the title and look what
happens I told you about the sunset yep
there's so many signs guys shouldn't
missed it
even thanks to all you guys on Twitter I
mean Andrew we're looking at our
Twitter's and seeing that a lot of you
guys were rooting for the Broncos to and
you didn't even watch football you're
like we got some tweets saying rooting
for the Broncos just because of you guys
so thanks for all the awesome tweets in
support of the Broncos it was a good
night
oh boys whoo I had trouble sleeping last
night I was just so excited I can't
believe the Broncos won the Superbowl is
so awesome yes yes yes yes so merry last
night oh my voice is I kind of gone too
I was cheering so much Broncos
definitely deserved a win so I'm just
really happy they did not just because
I'm a fan of them but I really think
they deserve to win tomorrow's gonna be
fun because they're having their Super
Bowl parade in Denver I'm gonna go to
that and it's going to be so fun it's
like a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity
who knows when if they over be back to a
Super Bowl so just being able to go see
the parade
the trophy stuff like that'd be so fun
right now I'm making breakfast
have some orange bread leftover so I'm
gonna make some really yummy french
toast since this is French bread
this would be good oh I'm just watching
some ESPN SportsCenter whoo and VPT
anyways thanks for watching guys I hope
you had fun watching the Super Bowl I'm
sorry for a Panthers fan Panthers have a
pretty good team so I feel like maybe
next year you're after applaud be back
in the playoffs maybe Super Bowl so yeah
thanks for watching go Broncos
