good morning everybody how is everybody
doing this morning man Andrew's house
yeah what are you cooking that's a very
strange meal it's macaroni and cheese
with melted pepper jack with random
chicken and some hot dogs look seems
like something you'd make is like a teen
in high school sometimes you just find
stuff in the fridge like yeah and nice
shirt thank you
today is Orange Friday because the
Broncos are gonna win I'll have anything
orange right now I don't think I want to
own the orange shirt actually I need to
get one though oh and also I did what to
say today's vlog is sponsored by been
smooth great for sponsoring today's vlog
we love that company as you guys know
they have sponsored some other videos in
the past and they're just such a cool
company they're the monthly subscription
service for like gamer and geek things
obviously if you haven't heard of them
you should check them out in the
description there will be a link and
will provide you guys with the code so
you get a discount this month's theme is
like a dead thing so there's like
Deadpool Walking Dead so thank you like
those things I can't wait to get the box
they haven't sent yet but I love Walking
Dead and it's gonna be I think they get
like only exclusive items through Luke
Luke Rey that you can't get anywhere
else so we'll show you guys that once we
receive it but I just want to say thanks
Luke rate for supporting our channel we
appreciate it
also the Superbowl is in two days so I
made a poll on to see who is going to
win the Super Bowl
56 percent of you say Broncos yeah
that's better than the ESPN poll Oh what
was it it was like 30-some percent for
the Broncos Wow
really guys our fans know what's up not
ESPN fans
so depressed but what are you doing over
here Buford you okay Buford well we are
now at the mall because what that's
bright
yes we wanted to see what Broncos gear
they have because the Super Bowl is two
days away and I need some Bronco stuff
so I want to see if maybe I could buy
something better not that it uh dead it
up that it uh 32 buckstone come on squad
and all this is a whole section of
Bronco stuff
Broncos Stampede 15 bucks I just love
this year's Super Bowl everything's like
gold yes
yes deviate you're gonna we'll bring
that to the Super Bowl party hey guys
just bring us ours here yeah so much
Broncos guys who wants us to buy a bunch
of Panthers gear and burn it
sorry Panthers but you're gonna lose
this is just so primal this is the best
batch alive ever held in my hands you
want it yeah I have everything here
literally spatulas helmets trash cans
cups mugs socks Oh guys I got something
you want to see it oh yeah Colorado as
well Broncos yes even the caution signs
are in support of the Broncos
no even the oranges want the Broncos to
win
good job halos who wants this insane
good quality TV you have a step back see
you in there look at how good this is
but not too slow Hey
Hey
oh wow it looks a lot worse in person
though what is that
now else
Wow
blue and orange flowers guys check it
out
they made bread but dyed it orange man
this looks yummy might get some tomorrow
you never know they have every color
except orange why everyone thought of
this idea before you Andrew no it's time
for bunny pranks
we're not sure why that man was playing
a violin but he just was usually there's
homeless people right there right he's
just got a violent yeah he didn't say I
need money or anything he just said I'm
feeling friendly today let's go plays a
violin or board we're testing the game
on Madden the Broncos are winning so
that's good Carolina Panthers are going
to lose the Superbowl already I'm with
the wife you know doing a quick photo
shoot what are we doing today this well
you're looking fashioning right now my
goodness thanks I'm trying with a
beautiful view we drove to this place
and it's it's quite nice out time for
dinner folks we're going to Chili's who
wants to know why we're going to Chili's
I do
thanks to Jonah you guys remember in the
fan mail we opened a gift card he sent
us a $50 Chili's gift card so yeah
thanks to you we have a nice dinner I'm
really happy because Chile's has the two
for 20 deals so it's like it's perfect
for a double date yeah thank you
what
thank you
kiss yeah great
Wow they all got the same thing except
for me so yeah let's see we're playing
Farkle have you guys played Farkle this
is the first time we play at the game I
got to tell you about something that
happened I was rolling the dice one at a
time and I got it in in order six five
four three two one
it was the weirdest thing I ever seen
and I did that three times in a row not
exactly like that but it was very
mind-boggling so so is that your first
rule no oh all right go for it oh you
already lost Wow
all right thanks for watching we'll see
you in the morning okay three two one
all right guys it is officially at the
end of the vlog but since lootcrate did
sponsor today's vlog I wanted to give
them a proper shout out and show you
guys what they are about and what their
website looks like and what you guys can
do if you want to check them out so all
you do is go to Luke rate comm slash
more Jace - because that's our channel
and that's how you found them because of
us and you go to this site and here's
what it looks like you can click on how
it works if you want to know what how it
works and they have a ton of different
style crates I'm gonna just do loot
crate because that's the one I like the
best and as you can see February steam
this month is dead get exclusive items
from AMC's The Walking Dead and Deadpool
including a t-shirt and two figurines so
as of today you have 13 days to get a
loot crate and if you want it you just
click get you can register with Facebook
or email select which plan you want
because there's different prices for
different things you want to get and
then when you get to check out if you
just put in the
code more Jace - whoops more Jace - that
gives you a discount so you do not have
to pay full price because they were so
kind enough to do that force so yeah
that's basically it um thanks so much
for watching until this point if you've
made it until this point and again thank
you Luke rate for supporting our channel
it just means a lot to us when companies
reach out and support our channel like
they do so if you guys support us and
like what they do from what you've seen
check them out and let us know what you
think if not thanks for watching today's
vlog we appreciate it that's all I have
to say folks I guess we will see you all
back here whenever you come back here
have a good day stay happy because you
can good bye
