hey guys good morning everybody
mary had a snow day snow day she didn't
have a snow day yesterday but Aaron did
so Aaron has two snow days in a row and
Mary it's a snow day today but I just
wanted to film outside because Buford
has to go plop it's gonna be hard
getting outside it's so deep on the
porch and I swept this like seven
o'clock last night why in the world and
that bench is soaked that's like two
feet of snow right Buford here we go oh
my shoes this car over here is stuck
just getting out the driveway these Oh
screw it I'm gonna poke inside
Buford loves us now so we've got about
10 inches on the stair and I clean this
off three times yesterday this is just
from last night
this way come on good boy yeah good boy
come on Jeff
I haven't been over here yet so let's
see how much the bricks have is on the
bricks and that's pretty good over here
is like up to my knees yikes
isn't it a beautiful day out Wow well
it's another snowy day it's been like
this all night if you guys it's gonna be
a fun day I think we have upgraded the
setup you've got a double rope going
here two two borders yes well I hope
who's gonna drive well just put it on
right cruise control should be good
using space
please building some ramps along the
roads interest getting cast right now
gasps oh we're gonna make more fun with
big jumps dangers back from getting gas
how was it out there like an apocalypse
people are just walking no one's driving
there's stranded cars everywhere people
getting stuck so you can say today is a
pretty epic day this is like our fifth
ramp we've built this is pretty tall no
guys back to headquarters here you hold
it who are you doing up here bro
as minivan is stuck you didn't even get
out of the neighborhood
crash midair
caught on camera what the heck was that
all about fellas Nick speed boosters so
far we collided ahead air why did you
grab backflip I turned on nitrous you
ran right into Aaron we admitted here
Aaron does a perfect jump of the Knicks
backflips hi this is our last run we're
doing a 3 yes the tape Phil Madoka's
Aaron's driving we have no one else to
film but just thought I'd let you know
whoo we are back and ages now what we
did like probably ten runs around the
neighborhood it's so much fun you guys
should try it if you know how to
snowboard or ski but I just want to
point out this is my favorite part of
Andrews new house they have a pencil
sharpener just in the garage the best
anyways now we are building a giant snow
fort in the snow right here so we will
update you as the show goes on post
progress in there Scott well
it is time to head home now it's time
for dinner
I couldn't I couldn't help finish it but
tomorrow we will definitely for sure be
finishing the tunnel and show you guys
everything that we've done and that we
are going to be doing so it's going to
be ended we started making a nice little
tunnel here's the entrance wait what
what happened what happened what
dominate look how big it wasn't here
we were like all sitting up I know you
guys were lose sitting upright almost I
almost as I do we got a vlog this is so
cool in here and then also I didn't even
touch I was standing outside getting
this knows me Nick like did one
brushstroke and the whole thing
collapsed I took out like a chunk over
here and then it was just like dead 3 2
1 yeah he's wagging this deal alright
where I keep supers now I want to know
how much snow Pikes Peak got so if we
got feet down here if I got hammered
we're looking for chips chips chips
looking for chips chips that we can dip
right
somebody was desperate for Oreos hi just
kidding cream cheese we also have a free
red box rental so we're gonna get goose
bumps oh great it's snowing again errand
what do you want tell the vlog the good
news school got canceled for a third day
in a row yeah yeah that news that's
pretty good news this has been a crazy
storm I'm so happy
a few vlogs ago I was like I'm jealous
of the people in New York but thank you
snow back home now it's making me laugh
because on our way to King Soopers we
had to help push two people that were
stuck we all got out started pushing a
car like see you don√¢t already you're
gonna ruin your appetite for dinner
well that's the end of todays vlog folks
I've just been looking over the comments
we asked you guys to leave some comments
opinions of what you guys want to see
next him a lot of you want longer vlogs
an hour-long vlog but yeah thanks for
leaving all these comments guys I like
your blogs just the way they are thanks
Ethan
Ghost Pepper coffee challenge maybe
we'll have to do that mean and you're
thinking about doing the coffee
challenge what the oh my goodness I'm a
genius
I'm not we're not gonna show you too
much because we are planning for a Super
Bowl party and that's gonna be for Super
Bowl party vlog so proud of myself
anything else you want to say before we
go thanks for watching the video we love
to entertain you guys and we will see
you all tomorrow good bye good bye
dangerous bored so he's just eating some
jelly beans they're pretty good the bean
boozled
I'm only trying blue ones because I've
never gotten the berry one before very
blue so good
