hey everyone what's up guys welcome back
to vlogs we are home back in Colorado
and guys it's Daisy she's back - are you
so excited to be back home with us yeah
yeah you are
Oh guys it's so nice to be back home the
only thing that's not nice about being
home well let's take a quick look
outside
oh no it's snowing out coming home to
snow after being in like super nice warm
weather I'm pretty not happy about this
you think this is funny Obama y'all got
to be hearing from my manager soon
anyways I'm about to head over to
Andrews because we got to get back in
the pranking routine you know we've been
kind of slacking on Jace new studios
because of all these traveling just yeah
so hopefully we'll come up with a good
prank this week guys
and then obviously since it's snowing
out we're gonna try and do something fun
for vlog oh yeah well let's go it's
snowing today huh you're a side of our
site okay Tammy heard what is it oh wow
impressive I am actually vlogging today
on my bigger camera because I thought it
might be fun so I'll show you guys say I
feel little tripod thing so I can hold
it
so yeah that's gonna be today's vlog but
I have a really fun idea that I wanted
to try today a few Vaughn's ago you guys
remember I had that yoghurt that was
black berry with serrano peppers in it
and it was like kind of spicy yes I
thought I never had spicy yogurt before
and I thought it was pretty good so I
was trying to think of something else
that might be good with a little extra
spice in it going to the store I got
some serrano peppers and I'm gonna go to
my parents house and brew some coffee
I never seen spicy toffee before there
probably is but I just never seen it
before so I'm gonna try and see what
that tastes like a Serrano iced coffee
that sounds kind of gay
it's time to play what's Erin doing
they're trying to see what you were
doing right you got fooled Cheers hmm
take it outside and put it in the snow
to cool it off quick here's the Serrano
iced coffee tastes good it's like creamy
yet into spice that warms you up too so
there you go that's the recipe did you
follow along you can make it at home
don't be surprised if Starbucks steals
my rest of you now cuz it's good okay so
yeah depending on how much you like
spice you can add different peppers
jalapenos if you're feeling really
adventurous with habanero I don't know
but this was it was pretty good spice so
if you don't only like spice that much
you can add one pepper maybe but Wow
yeah it's pretty cool invention I
thought of yesterday Aaron and I have
brought the ping pong table over from my
parents house to here so we're gonna set
it up and play yeah oh yeah get away
from the bagels no you fridge ready for
dinner I want to show you guys something
else really cool as well Mary's friends
she works with her mom makes salsa and
she just got it in King Soopers now so
you can go buy it but we tried this one
out and it's like really good Baja
gourmet salsa it says mild bets and
mango salsa is so good so fresh as well
even the ingredients
a fresh fresh cucumber fresh onions that
stuff's good here's the ghost peppers
and they're growing fast
yesterday Mary and I spent a good amount
of time cleaning out the garage so we
could fit the table in here and both of
our cars so we had a lot of boxes in
here still for moving yeah
we wrote my name on my paddle so no one
else would use it
oh crap
this is yes ridiculous see what the snow
is doing to me you're here but this snow
why it's awesome well if we do something
fun yeah well yeah you're duh as you can
tell I am back at Andros yeah and we've
just been discussing new prank ideas and
vlog ideas and what if we come to the
conclusion that we don't have anything
viral but we do have some fun stuff yeah
so we're gonna go to King Soopers and
see if we can have some fun in the snow
fly everything like a library we usually
go to prank a disclose today or the
whole schools closed most the places are
closed because the snow is supposed to
be like a foot today I think yeah it
sucks it makes printing hard here we are
this is what we need a
Oh what could we possibly be doing with
charcoal lighter
in Idaho all right we're back home
Aaron has joined us hello folks folks at
home what are we doing today we're gonna
well first we're gonna test this to see
if it even works but if it does work
we're gonna make a cool design in the
backyard with lighter fluid and send it
on fire in the snow and it's okay
because it's snowing so it won't do
anything bad
yeah it's not gonna set the whole world
on fire don't worry you you alright hope
this works
it doesn't work been fun it's a good
idea though so we just went over to
Andrews parents house got all our
snowboard gear and since I don't have my
snowboard shoes and meri shoes were here
and they fit me I got some purple swag
she was on
she's only worn these like two or three
times ginger said so I'm gonna break him
in it's epic and yeah it's still snowing
it's not supposed to stop until tomorrow
afternoon
just be like hey be like this forever
and before any of you guys start leaving
comments saying we're copying Katy no
you're not we've been doing this even
before we were filming and just because
he has a viral video and a big channel
doesn't mean other people can't do it
okay yeah we do this a few months ago we
did a few years ago we just didn't film
it a few years ago so yeah so we have to
use Andrews car cuz mine doesn't have a
hitch we were gonna use it but his does
oh yeah
this is gonna be fun because it's not
stopping snowing and it won't stop so
fresh powder all day you stop I know I
my hiccups are so bad so yeah we got a
GoPro ahh this camera very good shots
and then this vlog camera it's gonna be
good also have lightsabers what happened
in here Falls I wanted to get a cool
shine off the Sun roof house like Aaron
open the hatch and he opened it and I
was like automatic so when stopped and
snows like sort of being like trying to
get it out oh yeah we all three just
took our turns now we're looking for
some new spots to hit how you feeling
God God I'm gonna try and find some
jumps so let's go
andrew is bored so he's just eating some
jelly beans they're pretty good the bean
boozled
I'm only trying blue ones because I've
never gotten the berry one before very
blue so good though I just got a
toothpaste one another blue please be
good I want to get great that's
toothpaste again I hope there's air and
get buried too mandra's gonna be pissed
it's toothpaste ah angel eyes one last
hope
mmm yeah he did or anyway this is not
good hmm yeah he did or anyway
we're not the drive-through mcdonald's
doing a drive-thru scene because why not
yeah I saw did we are back home that fun
me especially me they ironed it a lot of
Browns me Adrian did warn ya hot spicy
so but no it's not cheating but yeah he
went through the drive-thru now 10 fate
Catan since we're kinda cold it's still
spelling out thanks a lot we're doing
okay just go it was a prank
it's still snowing this hard
why don't it what how am I supposed to
use the grill for dinner you just blow
it off this is a good foot I thought not
maybe pete's sake it's not stopping it
it looks a lot worse in person guys
trust me
this doesn't look that bad maybe it does
I don't know but it's bad I just gotta
get a few groceries for dinner
Brittany sent me a little list I'm gonna
get some veggies yes I get to play the
beta I'm going to play this game for a
while now hopefully it's fun oh so Britt
just made an amazing chili
what is this Britt I've had to buy it
already and it's so good all these
veggies and Daisy really want some as
well I've got a kombucha here I'm gonna
watch some shows and relax well folks
that's all we have for today's vlog
we haven't edited the snowboard footage
in the streets yet the intro has a limit
right now so we're probably gonna upload
that very soon if you want to see it
leave a thumbs up either way we're gonna
upload it but just if you're excited to
see it leave a thumbs up and before I
end it I just wanted to get your guys
opinions now that I am back from the
traveling what did you guys like and
dislike about the vlogs and you can be
honest both I travel vlogs to be honest
what do you guys want to see differently
or any changes or what do you want us to
keep doing because I we're obviously
going to be traveling some more this
year and we just want to make the best
possible vlogs for you guys so your
opinions would be very appreciated in
the comments down below a lot of you are
leaving comments saying what was the
story in the last vlog I completely
forgot to tell you guys what happened so
we're in the air for airport in South
Africa and we almost missed our flight
and didn't make make it home because
first of all our flight was a little
late like 30 minutes late then we ran
all the way to the ticket counter and
the ticket Leahy said we weren't gonna
be able to make our fly and she's like
you're gonna have to stay here and was
actually kind of really rude to me and
Britney and then we made her call the
actual like gate and she's like you guys
better run for your life and she gave us
our tickets and we probably ran as hard
as we could and made it and there is
actually still aligned it was just it
was not a good way to start off the
coming home trip it was very annoying so
that's what happened but I guess that's
it for today and we will see you guys
tomorrow
gooo bye do you guys have any fun facts
about where we are at
