hi I'm so glad you guys are going to do
this is the beam so well you can spin or
you can just pick one you want doesn't
taste like grass so that's a good thing
no see how good flavor
mm-hmm oh sweet now you have to try not
be here pressured into this set no good
drugs and say no to your okay pick a
bean if it's a good flavor I'll give you
a dollar to me - yeah alright we'll do
these - alright
you know yeah that's good
that's a good idea I'll work your stuff
but this is the good one I don't see any
mean flavor not dog food well I'm not
familiar at that point was hey guys
we're just making a youtube video you
guys want to do a challenge against each
other yeah get some root beer out of it
okay know what it's just for fun
yes like fun sorry you hate fun the hard
cheese strangers when in jail see hey
hey we are barely acquainted now what's
happening like barf did you want to try
this nothing fall for height study snack
I brought stone snack so I closed it
when you get close
during 20 years oh you have been the
first time thanks for watching the video
if you enjoyed it give it a like and we
just thought it'd be funny if we handed
out these terrible tasting beans to
people just to see what they thought
this is not a sponsor and we'll see you
guys next week
well bye
