good morning guys as you can see we are
at the ocean getting ready to do our
first scuba dive as you know I'm part
fish so this should be no problem yeah
we're all just getting getting our stuff
ready in here and I think we're going to
take one of the boats out there
wow-whee so we are all done with the
diving now I officially have my scuba
diving license we just did - and so
awesome
I'm just so excited that I have my
license now so I can if I'm in like a
different like cool area of the world I
can just go wherever there's monkeys all
over the place trying to steal our food
yeah that's not very fun okay no matter
downloaded this so these monkeys are
someone else you just dug through all
the trash and now is eating a cup it's
not food bro now me and Brett are trying
to take some pictures while we're here
because since we're not scuba diving we
got a lot of time that's it and we're
just trying to find some spots to upload
to our instagrams I wish we had a car
like this yeah these cars are awesome I
don't think we have those in America so
I found this leaning tree I just climbed
up to there Brittany got some funny pics
you'll probably see him on my Instagram
but you can't see how high up I climbed
I had to jump off this and it kind of
hurt but - yeah that's Louie's room
louie and Ryan these monkeys Justin what
the heck Hey
the heck right
I thought monkeys get in here all the
monkeys open this door and got in there
Idris I was walking up and all the
monkeys are here like eating these like
bananas you didn't hear that oh right I
just woke up she didn't even know you
see this banana you know eat the banana
what do you think you're doing you're
trying to steal salads oh look at the
little baby it's so cute
yeah must be out there climbing up here
to be safe how that they used to being
hunted by lipids which climb trees short
official I can now I now have my license
oh I took over here but he has to take
my picture per proof see
this is the best now I can go scuba
diving in an article yes
blog said ception Steven hey this is my
vlogging time can you please stop oh
yeah
no that's how it is with vloggers
usually you want to blog when they're
not vlogging and then you pull the cam
out or out right when they're done see
you're done time for dinner now we got a
chicken
sun-dried oh yes but this is the
Mediterranean pasta so good how you
feeling right now good connected me yeah
but it was real hangry before this well
guys that's it for today's vlog I know
these vlogs have been a little shorter
lately but honestly we haven't had too
much to blog last a few days because of
scuba diving we're in this place where
the main thing we're doing is scuba
diving so once we've logged that there's
not much else we do I mean I got some
other scuba diving footage but I didn't
want to just throw all the footage on
today's blog so I'll throw day two on
tomorrow's vlog
hey I just thought I'd let you guys know
that I hope you guys understand why
today's blogs a little shorter I hope
you don't mind
Brett's pissed
Oh before we go I have three comments I
skipped school today and watch Jace do
all day now I don't recommend skipping
school but if you are skipping school to
watch our videos then that is the only
way it's acceptable these vlogs like a
piece of paradise in my own home
whoa Christopher that is fantastic
Justin you look like a grapefruit no I
don't maybe I do I do
well that's it for today guys and I
guess we'll see you tomorrow goodbye no
Totti thank you
