good morning everybody and welcome back
to more Jason you hope you guys are
doing well as you guys know we are out
here in Atlanta Georgia because if you
fall along I am going to be hosting this
student conference Christian conference
here in Atlanta it is tomorrow the
fourth and the fifth and so right now we
are in the venue and I wanted to show
you guys and introduce you guys to the
team just show you what everything looks
like this stage is something else we're
here at the 12 stone church and it's
like a kind of like a catwalk so all the
students are gonna be here I hope some
of you guys who are watching this can
come or have come not sure when you're
watching this but it's gonna be fill it
up in here it's gonna be so cool but I
am NOT the only host I'd like to
introduce you to dr. Justin Doc
unfortunately but you can call me dr. J
cuz I'm always bawling Wow look at these
these fresh kicks come on
retros baby we got a pretty similar
names we do justin Stuart and Justin
Stuart isn't it crazy right so wait what
yeah we didn't talk this morning by the
way yeah zero at all that's gorgeous
well you have to introduce yourself to
everybody tell them by yourself you guys
I am Justin Stuart
I mean sterner sorry it's really hard
it's really hard to not it's not Jay
Stern Jase - and Jay Stern I live here
in Atlanta
I am a host for the regeneration youth
conference and we are weekend pumped for
everything that's going on we have the
stage set up we have the lights turn
around we're gonna go through all of our
hosting segments in a second little
about me I love to sing and be Fox and I
think I didn't know singing dude I
that's my main thing it's what I like to
do the most beatboxing and acting and
then I love to just talk about Jesus as
much as I can because he's the coolest
man in the world and he's why I'm able
to do what I can
and so all my blessings come through
amen
things are gonna get familiar with this
guy obviously cuz you not sure if we're
doing a live streaming we're doing
everything we're going live streams
videos pictures guys we're doing gifs of
your face we're gonna get behind the
scenes for you guys so you can check
everything out and you're not here
because obviously not everybody lives in
Georgia nope but we still want you guys
to experience it so yeah so if you guys
want to learn more about the event I am
just on their Instagram right now you
can get tickets right here and head to
their website but also if you guys
didn't know we got Cole and Savannah
lebrandt I'm not sure if you guys
watched them on YouTube and also jon
jorgenson
he is a spoken word artist and does some
daily vlogs
mae√≠n justin right there but they got
such a good lineup guys seriously here
are all the speakers we got Caleb
Stanley we've got Joel libera Mentos
Maci McClain Brittany is actually tell
me what you're doing for small groups
guys because every session we're gonna
have a speaker come up speak and then
after they speak you go into like small
groups and talk about questions and kind
of a little more intimate or you can
participate and talk so Brittany's gonna
be doing that so if y'all are here maybe
I'll be in her group I have to introduce
you guys to the main man here and
Whipple the founder guys
all the students are going to enter in
from over there and come right this way
there's the conference area so they're
setting up in here they got the cool
logo they got merch right here and these
shirts let me tell you they are soft
like we I think I saw her in that one
thing
wait what wasn't it though the animated
Jungle Book it was not for the most now
if she would have been okay so they up
now Justin and I are going over home
final
who's got the computer oh you see the
sticker boom baby
Oh horn kills love amen that fight the
new drug baby
so yeah it's about an hour until we're
on stage in an hour or 30 minutes till
the kids come Oh Great Scott it's on oh
I get them running down the halls to the
doors
we're gonna let it
so justin is a YouTube influencer
Christian and they wanna hear about
actor he is feed us so much
we're super super got easier literally
my name's Justin story his name is
Justin Turner when it's ten Stuart are
you sperm I play away then are your eyes
this your soul where is this promise
we've tried try and try and fail
previous hit fully through easy very
so we've had a little break it's been
lunchtime so all the peeps here have had
pizza
me and Justin made a quick run to
firehouse subs because can't have pizza
or dairy for that matter and Brittany
right now is leading at one of the small
groups so I'm sure that is going amazing
excited to hear about how it goes and I
think we're getting ready to finish off
the day she's in this crib
by the kids are coming back in what's up
how we doing
what we is our my favorite color what
just favorite color
alright peeps it is the beginning of the
last day here day two a regeneration
conference again we got some more great
speakers today and it's just gonna be
such a fun impactful day I can already
feel it man I wish you guys were here
it's so fun this is the green room this
is where everybody's hanging out at and
then this is the other hangout room
snacks are you guys making over here
we're trying to make poor overs but we
don't know what we're doing we have to
get someone to come in here help us pull
up for matching yeah oh
swag this smells good though guys
yes you can't have any don't worry I
don't want anything
hi
just going on YouTube I'm card I heard
about that on YouTube on the line
Justin what do you do do you know
so you can take a bit
then you can put it all the line but
instantaneous
wait no no is that serious and then
people can just watch it whenever they
want along the line be be like this I
can watch it right now I can think of
any right I've got it on the love you
guys like a look so angelic why is there
yeah oh for the win
when Jesus came buyer said follow me and
they did something that was insane
they dropped their nets the scripture
says immediately is that really if you
attack him and then we all right niche
attack Justin I've come across the a
pride you hidden them nice your move
yeah this is this is put it down
alright guys didn't really feel much
behind the scenes for a session too but
we just finished as you can see behind
me here they're cleaning up but the
whole conference isn't over yet we got
one more thing tonight
it's called rejoice tonight we got Kol
and Savannah lebrandt coming down and
we're gonna be doing some a Q&A with
them and then also doing some worship so
I think this tonight was something that
you guys if you lived here could have
come to if you live by here obviously
but today was awesome had Aaron Whipple
speak jon jorgenson and of course Joel
liber mento whoa all of it was so good
guys if you ever get a chance to go to
like a conference seriously go to a
conference because so much wisdom and
life-changing just like words of
encouragement are spoken by everybody
and just the whole environment are so
good and you have small groups how did
everything go for you Brett
yeah that's only three right now by the
way guys here is our hotel room just
took a little snooze got a nice little
view out here but like I mentioned we
just have one more little fun session
tonight so we've been a runner on all
day and it's pretty tiring so that's why
we got to snooze in but we're heading
back there right now gonna get some
dinner super excited for this evening
it's gonna be so much fun we finally
just got back to the center we're here
with my Madi they came they drove 20
minutes they're gonna like the first
ones here for you Wow and both events
baby Stu she pulled it out I got some
crap going your folks
- tick tick tick it's I mean John's the
only one get the turnover
passion a couple days ago so we did the
drag Subway's ago so it's easy let's go
all the questions before for you what
your favorite thing everything's ended
Dean this guy guys this guy no way you
you this is not the end of the justice
no you know you'll see us the begin just
in time for the beginning what's gonna
happen this new friendship was so
precious that we had to get it on film
so that's why I was like give me the
camera
let's steal the footage tell them or if
they want to follow you you guys want to
follow me my instagram is justin sterner
underscore str n are justin sterner
underscore follow me on instagram you
guys okay it's time to fly it all
throughout the Atlanta Airport
I heard it was like one of the most
busiest airports in the country but
right now it's not too bad
there's the line
so yay for that well guys that concludes
this adventure what a learning
experience and what just an amazing
experience overall it was for me and
Brittany oh man it was just amazing and
I loved it so I'm really looking forward
to the future and what's in store what's
next
but yeah flying home and we'll continue
the blogs back in Colorado guys thanks
for watching see you next time
