oh hey welcome back to vlogs Buford what
are you doing in my bed huh how's
everyone doing today I hope you're doing
well and me and Buford are hanging out
but I think I'm gonna head over to my
parents house because I want to look at
some old footage I was thinking about
this yesterday I have a lot of old
footage on cassette tapes and I want to
go through it and see if we can put it
in the vlog I think it'd be really cool
it's like an archive so we're gonna go
search the archives you guys ready let's
go what a classic can you believe this
thing has USB streaming I bought this
camera way back because of that feature
I had USB streaming you could plug it
into your computer and I was like holy
crap I need that Wow and I took this
thing to Costa Rica now let's go look at
some old footage ah yes the archives
have some tapes Andrews movies I'll just
grab all these guys here's the first
mics I ever bought it's got two channels
kept channel 1 and channel 2 and plug it
in in the back and here's the battery
pack this is probably the worst thing I
have ever bought if I'd be fun to make
videos with it but I didn't really
realize at the time that you had to plug
it in that wasn't didn't run off
batteries for some reason which is very
dumb it to be close enough to a wall
outlet for those mics to work which not
always by a while but hey Buford we have
a problem this camera was left on the on
position this whole time
so yeah battery is completely dead and I
can't find the charger
oh we have to get into the archives ah
ah it's time for Plan B this is a Sony
camera and I just bought some adapters
to charge batteries so I'm hoping this
one will fit on some of the ones I
bought so let's see uh hole it's fits
please work
ah I think it's working it would be
better to have the cord because then you
can use the camera while it's charging
but it's okay we found a way to charge
it but now just have to play video games
until the battery's done charging darn
it just finish doing a periscope if
you're in the periscope
you know what just went down oh yeah
this was rocking over here and I think
battery's done charging so thank you can
get back to what we were doing earlier
today for pete's sake ah see
ah it's gonna be a surprise not showing
you I'll put it in the vlog but I have
to go use our really old computer
because it's able to read these tape
videos alright we're back to the
archives I'm just gonna play some of
these and see what we got this is
becoming a huge challenge
we can't I looked through all the
archives and there's some really funny
stuff but the problem is night the
problem is the old computer that has the
old iMovie on it is broken and won't
turn on this is all I wanted to do for
today's vlog was do archive but it's
taking forever but I will get it done
Aaron and I are preparing for tomorrow's
porn ink
cuz I don't think we're gonna have time
today to film it mm-hmm right but yeah
we're gonna go get supplies supplies now
let's go stop one the malls
the Big D I wanna see the revenue on the
Big D I'll be so cool this movie was so
good I can tell you right now this is
going to win Best Actor possibly Best
Supporting Actor definitely Best
Cinematography and maybe Oh best film
and maybe best directing 10 10 10 10 10
10 10 10 the beads so we got the beans
but we are not satisfied yet going to
the popcorn store because sometimes they
have beans and maybe they have the new
4th edition I can't find out if it's
actually out yet or not so we're going
to go check here we are at Kohl's Kohl's
we love this store we love that it's
family-owned thanks for making this
guy's the best flavor yes Aaron's going
ham
they have beans too but they only have
3rd edition don't think 4th is out this
would have been a good can to get it
just gives you one oh well we got the
Box taste test there does hmm oh do they
do it mm-hmm no it surprises there's one
moldy cheese in here roll I guess we can
tell you what we're gonna do for a prank
well I'm not exactly sure the details on
it but we're doing bean boozled with
strangers basically should be a fun
video this morning now I worked all
night trying to get this camera to work
and I just finally got it
check out the setup I got the camera
there's importing some footage it scored
goes all the way over here it goes from
a fire wire to a fire wire adapter which
goes from an adapter to a thunderbolt
adapter which goes to the computer which
goes to yes yes it's working I hope you
guys like old footage it tells you the
date when this was to which is really
cool says this is from 2006 does since
this 2016 oh that's like 10 years ago my
goodness
Aaron was 8 years old
what so far this whole tape has just
been skateboarding we used to just go
around and find random spots and just to
film there for like in hours I hope you
enjoy the footage here it is
oh I'm also gonna do some voiceovers for
some context alright okay enjoy first up
is a basketball game Justin and I used
to play club basketball and this is a
there was a guy on our team his name is
Josh Scott and he plays college
basketball for to you now so let's take
a look what he's doing
come the Buffaloes Dominique Collier
ahead to stop for the bus through you
guys the big nose Glen never got back
you can hit that shot expanding his
getaway Josh Scott for bonus land the
college version of well that doesn't
make sense er
okay sir no you didn't oh shoot
here at goose Gossage everybody stating
and having food thank you Oh been
filming Andrew for 67 minutes oh my gosh
fish Oh
General George these fields their mind
oh well keep moving yes sir
I have orders from the general we must
keep moving but the lands their mind
what's that's meal here are a few clips
from one of the best movies in 2005 farm
invaders Carrie I forgot to ask did you
bring the pigs yeah pigs okay
started stirs oh and you're gone
what are you doing wait I think you got
it whatever well in the heck what the
heck what I think there's alligators in
the trees again Oh see you we're on the
spaceship
and that's the footage I found I hope
you guys enjoyed it I think it's fun
going back and looking at old stuff
really old stuff I have all the footage
from farm invaders so I thought it might
be fun if I went back and re-edited the
whole thing until I could have made a
little short film so it was it was a
short film but you guys want to see that
which is like a digitally remastered
farm invaders the whole thing leave a
comment if you do aaron is coming over
soon we're gonna go prank so yeah this
is the end of the video but I do have
some comments of the day don't forget
about that
oh let's see what's the first comment we
got here how to write Andrews dog name
because I have no idea well here you go
hey Andy Justin great video I enjoy it
so much it's great to see your uploads
daily I thank you for that well Tucker
thank you for the comment we love seeing
people come back every day and enjoying
our videos that's why we make him so
thank you I'm part of my school's
academic league in which we compete
against other schools in somewhat of a
trivia contest and today one of the
questions I got right was about Pikes
Peak which I learned about in your
recent vlog when you and Mary went
hiking so thanks Andrew that is an
awesome story if you're watching this
you should leave a comment on what the
question was because I'm kind of curious
like wow you're welcome when is Andrew
going bald Panthers will beat the
Broncos I can't wait for the next prank
this is comment of the day
Peter Manning everybody nationwide
nationwide is on your side not a sponsor
anyways thanks for watching today's vlog
and we'll see you guys tomorrow alright
peace it's on a hoverboard what what on
stilts
