it's up guys it is morning time for us
back at home everyone's are sleeping I
think that's so weird but yeah like we
said yesterday we are here at said wanna
bay a coral diverse and if you haven't
already guessed we are doing some scuba
diving which we have never done before
we're getting our license and then we're
going out like I think two different
times so we have to do a bunch of
training today so we can do this yeah
and last night sleep it was like ultra
hot in our room I don't know if you guys
like like it when it's like warm or hot
but like you're like woke up and I was
like sweating my goodness
glass rooms yay are we just finished
taking some quizzes we passed there's a
bunch of I don't know what these are but
they're outside our room oh this is so
crazy but there's just monkeys
everywhere you just stand around
did he try and steal your banana yeah
he's trying to steal our food really bro
this is not your food
I'm like shaking he was just standing up
no no comment after clearing the
technique is do it has slowed me down I
don't know what these are they keep
fighting each other
the alternate Ursula said hey guys so
I've switched over to the GoPro because
it has come time to after we've done all
the classes and everything we passed
thankfully but now it's time to practice
in the pool by just one I don't know if
you can see this on the GoPro that's
spider right there maybe I'll come back
later that is the biggest spider and
somebody sleeping in there no thanks
we've gotten our scuba suits and we are
ready to go in the pool
how do you feel Steven really tight and
are you right yeah these are a little
tight how do you feel buddy feels too
small look that's sexy back there you go
big boy yours this tight yeah yours this
a little too big mine's a little bit it
looks like I have serious muscles
what time is it now it's like almost 8 I
think 8 7:25 Brit overcame some of her
what would you call him roadblocks fears
why don't you tell me about it alright
guys well to make it very short I hate
putting my face under water just because
I've had contacts in the past and just
like I don't know I've done sewing
lessons and stuff and I've always had to
plug my nose closed my eyes and I just
hated getting water in my eyes what I
conquered was like taking off your mask
and then and I was exposing your eyes
and your nose both of the things that I
absolutely hate doing underwater do you
have to tell you never to quit guys we
have no idea where we are rats I'm sort
of Lodge good because this other place
we were at yesterday closed early today
they literally have no signs anywhere
that say there's a restaurant over here
Wow
their business must be booming with all
these signs telling us where it is
oh yes please
so Nick got a pizza with bananas on it
if you had a piece of bananas I have
never had a pizza with bananas on
everybody okay and then I will back him
up but not on pizza you like what uh
what do you call it whatever choice
these grilled cheese with banana in it
but they call it a toasty yeah and don't
mock until you try it it is sorted we're
gonna have to try when we get back to
America and then we'll film in and we'll
say we just got a vegetarian pizza and
alfredo pasta yes
hey guys so today's blocks a little
shorter as you can tell and I just want
to say I'm sorry that I haven't been
doing much comments of the day I think
when we get back to America I'm gonna go
through all these vlogs and pick out a
few of my favorite comments and go
through it so don't worry I haven't
first taken all of the comments but I
just wanted to go over two comments
today nice intro I loved it I loved
watching these vlogs because they're
just so peaceful and amazing and I'm
happy to watch these because of course I
can't go to Africa and it makes me feel
like I'm out there with everyone at
Africa have a wonderful day everyone you
know that's another reason why I like
vlogging is because it makes I want
other people to kind of experience what
we're experiencing in some sort of way
and
filming these vlogs I'm hoping you know
gives you another perspective on
different parts of the world and
different things we do so yeah I hope
you all have been enjoying these vlogs
and then eyes Chitti said this vlog made
Monday so much easier well ice tea I'm
glad our vlogs can help your Monday out
I don't think I have anything else to
say guys we had fun hanging out with you
all today and I guess we'll see you all
back here tomorrow good bye look how
close we are guys using right there horn
