hey guys how's it going just woke up
it's like 8:15 right now I think most of
the people are sleeping right now as
well there was like another game drive
this morning but none of us went because
we were all really tired from getting up
but that's okay because we're going to
another place today and they're gonna
there's gonna be like two or three more
drives but yeah just had a really good
night's sleep it's just so peaceful out
here falling asleep to all like the the
animals like you can still hear right
now a little bit how is your sleep Brett
like why aren't people more hungry I
think let's take a quick peek at today's
breakfast what do we got here some fruit
dried fruit some Chaz
cereal and we got some toast in the oven
this is nice what is this
beefy boville a meat and vegetable
extract doesn't sound promising
okay see it fro see bro you're moving on
to the next resort now looks like we
have made it to cheetah Ridge lodge hi
I'm from America welcome drinks at every
place how do you guys feel about that
Cheers
Hey
wow this is beautiful how is the
massages fellas did it hurt yeah you
guys got the deep minimum deep tissue he
just hangs on your knees random is it
their pet yeah this will be good for my
nest trying to grab him
we're all having them clean our teeth
take a selfie of them you're wondering
what's going on man oh he's still the
flagger fast yeah back down so they just
had to get all the rooms prepared it
took like an hour but we are at the new
room Bernie's a bit happy this is just
incredible seriously
not amazing we've got the open shower I
like how this one has glass toilet and
this really cool chair out here and a
fantastic view honey
well just get all showered up ready for
a brand new day Britney's putting on her
makeup yeah we're gonna be taking some
pictures out here there's no like Wi-Fi
in our room so trying to upload a
YouTube videos it's been kind of hard
lately all right you guys have seen but
the main center has you Wi-Fi but it's
just really slow it's like if for any of
you know speeds upload speed is like 0.7
megabytes per second so not too good to
be honest but it doesn't matter we're
out here in South Africa in the middle
of the wild why do you need Wi-Fi out
here oh this is their nice Louise
holding Allen and he just took a quick
dose of love I was saying it's a sign
that's no accept no nope the food that's
not accept the case yet what's on the
menu here Nicholas I'm just food oh okay
these rats look amazing
pasta Wow so now that we are done with a
fantastic lunch they are offering
everybody here free massages or
pedicures like whatever you want
somebody in Brittany got full-body
massages I've only had a massage before
like once in my life yeah so this should
be getting serious in here folks Dora we
have clothes on underneath this that
massage was epic
miss worry you can like almost fall
asleep when you're getting massage I
don't know if any of you guys have ever
sometimes they're definitely needed
especially when you do long flights and
a lot of sitting because your muscles
can tense up but anyways they better get
a coffee because otherwise Jess
apparently used to be a barista yeah
this is so epic
who's excited for dinner
we got her dinner hats on and wow we
were gonna eat outside but it's raining
out but this is just beautiful so for
starters I've got a beautiful Waldorf
salad what did you get y'all got that
too the Apostle thing that's really the
only one with a showered oh come on in
some spaghetti vegetable spaghetti
bolognese for dinner
I got a fish it doesn't look like it in
this life but I got some fish and
potatoes and good stuff and chocolate
mousse to finish up a meal Stephens
happy fine see ya guys just hanging in
the boys bathroom right now I want to
show you we just got back to our room
before we had all our clothes laying
everywhere and the people who are here
at this Lodge just cleaned up everything
they put our stuff nicely right here
made a elephant towel filled the bathtub
up with petals of leaves and the sinks
this is just it's so amazing what
they're doing that is how every place
you go should accommodate you like you
go in you throw your stuff over they
come in after you leave and clean it up
for you touch your dirty clothes yeah
everywhere they've folded your clothes
put a fold in your underwear so yeah if
you guys didn't know right now we're at
the cheetah lodge which is another
African safari game reserve place these
last few days that these game reserves
have been just like amazing the service
best
beautiful music playing in here
no I'm outside to this other part of the
resort and there's this giant tree
doesn't this just look magical like I
don't even know what this is but this is
seriously seems like it's from a movie
I've never seen trees like this before
we're gonna have dinner right here but
as you can see it rained unfortunately
and they had a fire going right here
maybe they can get it going but they had
is a little a little wet out here they
gave us these nice ponchos because it's
raining outside masted point you know as
a very rare sighting
what a shot
apparently a jagwire brought this up in
the tree oh shoot
apparently a leopard well that was a fun
night safari drive I wasn't really
expecting that much because it was
raining and they said that when it rains
not many animals are out but we saw
apparently a rare sighting which was the
hyena and they say that that was the
biggest hyena like girl hey and that
they've seen which is really cool and
seeing the bed animal or whatever it was
in the tree that the leopard brought up
up I just thought that was so cool it's
just like nature and its finest like
just seeing how animals work in nature
is truly just very interesting to me and
it just really makes me appreciate being
able to do stuff like this being being
able to experience things from that you
could never experience anywhere else so
it's it's been quite the adventure but
we have one more Safari in the morning
we're waking up to do that and then
we're moving on to something else that's
not a safari
after that we're driving like six or
seven hours to get to what we're doing
next and it involves water I'll tell you
that much so I hope you guys come back
tomorrow and watch it's been fun hanging
with you guys and we will see you all
tomorrow good bye
Danny bar
