what's up guys
I hope you guys are having a great day
so far whether you're watching this in
the morning at night and afternoon at
school wherever you are I hope you're
having a great day today it's gonna be a
fun day because it's Isaac's birthday
party check it out
join us intergalactic location Isaac's
house six to eight there's probably
gonna be cake and presents and fun time
is it now it's almost 11 so we still got
a while until the party hey Buford do
you want to go do an errand with me you
want to go to the bank just watching
some snapchats before head out and just
this one from Justin made me laugh so
much she's sleeping that was funny good
one
I have decided that Buford and I are
gonna hang out today like buds yeah
are you excited he's getting nervous cuz
he knows we're at the dog park Kenan
after dog park we're gonna go for a
drive Buford likes going for drives so
this will be fun does really like the
dog park that much but that's alright
you gotta do it be afraid you got it you
got to make friends you got to make some
friends you know at least learn how to
this way
look at this cool log Buford here climb
up come on come here come here
get up come over here come over here
what do that yeah that's it for the dog
park Buford went poop that was his goal
good job also they built a new fall
course over here haven't tried it yet
it's maybe after school Aaron will want
to go try frolf it's a nice day out you
ready to go on a drive Buford alright
let's go
we're here Buford yeah hmm she's felt
like going to the outlet mall here in
Castle Rock because sometimes H&M has
some really good deals up here
also want to check out the Adidas store
and that's it so so let's see if they
have anything on sale sale hmmm yeah
some unders the long fit
it sure is so long mmm this is kind of a
nice sweater I ended up getting a white
dress shirt normally 25 bucks on sale
for seven alright gonna run into the
Adidas store real quick okay Buford just
take a second to turn on this shoe it's
kind of cool huh
I don't know though here's another one
ah it's like black and orange it's a
little small though so probably not well
then get any shoes maybe next time I
think Beaufort is ready to go home
plus I'm hungry so you know home make
some food that's my new shirt watch
yourself
huh fits pretty well I'd say except for
a hat hair oh come on Mary
how was school today did you learn
anything that's good Erin and I were
gonna go frolf but I got too dark so
I'll have to do that in another day
walmart adventure
while her
Isaac's birthday party is happening now
but we don't have a present ah
bb-8 do you guys remember him from the
Star Wars egg bb-8
that would be a good present for Isaac
every mail I could yeah if he made like
a giant Star Wars egg and then I see a
Star Wars egg I wonder what's inside
it's such a good idea why didn't we do
that now we're trying to find you found
it oh trying to see if they have a bb-8
t-shirt or bb-8 socks BBA it's like his
favorite character he calls it baby
eight we are ready to check out they
don't have any t-shirts so we're just
going with the push thing the push thing
got so many presents someone's enjoying
some cake
Wow
because look back home now tomorrow's
gonna be really fun because check it out
bean boozled yeah during a challenge
video tomorrow with Aaron and two other
people
hey hey hey hey hey hey hey it'll be a
fun challenge we're gonna try and mix it
up so it's not the same old bean boozled
challenge it'll be really fun so be on
the lookout for that I think we're gonna
watch some Netflix now I want to try
this on I'd say it's a onesie my mom got
me this for Christmas she got me just a
large and when I tried it on I was like
too small for me and it was like very
awkward so she went a season different
extra-large we're trying on didn't isn't
that the dead 10 oh I'm a red man this
is comfy this is basically underwear so
I'm showing you guys my underwear how do
I look
don't laugh at me is my new nightgown I
did also want to mention that I am a
little bit jealous of the people on the
East Coast who have that giant Blizzard
right now
I love snow and blizzards are so much
fun hopefully once the East Coast is
done having their blizzard we can have a
blizzard here so we can go sledding and
stuff like that we're gonna watch some
office
I good morning everybody
yeah what we're just eating breakfast
and then I think we're gonna go on a
hike I'm still doing that yeah
all right everybody wants to know what
game you play yeah cuz at the end of the
vlog you were holding a PS controller
I'm gonna be honest with you guys I keep
having dreams about the Broncos game
tomorrow yeah really
yeah last night I had a dream the
Broncos are playing the Chiefs though
and have the Chiefs won and I was so sad
no time to go you should have a Aaron we
have to do first good to take Mary's car
to the dealership to get in we're doing
it at the dealership is because it's
free so that's nice Garden of the Gods
it's supposed to be a really nice day
today like 60s right Mary 50s but anyway
that's still pretty nice and right
garden the gods because it's so
beautiful this is a cool trail that that
that you guys hear all the nature sounds
think it'd be cool if we set up a
treasure hunt for local fans or that
sink are in the gods somewhere and you
can find it and there's like a bunch of
no why did you guys know that Colorado
used to be camera it was at the top or
top five but one of the top States for
most sunny days of the year
I thought we were the top and I think
you guys can check me on this but I
think it was like a couple years ago and
the average was over 320 days a year
but then we had a couple bad winters and
yada yada yada were no longer the top
Mary's complaining she's saying it
doesn't make sense that their sciences
say pick up your dog's poop when horses
are able just to dump everywhere look
how much our is what and there's just
horse poo everywhere check out this view
Wow that's a good photo op welcome back
to tour guide Andy have another fun fact
for you guys I read a article recently
that had Garden of the Gods as America's
number one Park America welp no oil
change on the cruise just uh basically
like a couple weeks past the carefree
maintenance plan so dumb 24,000 miles or
two years whichever one comes first
yeah it's not fear do it ourselves you
know let those guys do it just when I
thought you couldn't be any dumber Chevy
you go and do something like this and
totally redeemed yourself they gave us a
free oil change anyways because he said
they had already finished the oil change
before he looked up on the computer that
our thing was expired so he's like eh
well just give it to you for free thanks
guys that is good news okay so the
fellows are here we're getting ready to
set up the challenge got errand Emerson
you remember Emerson and his friend
Charles so here's the bean boozled
you know just put them in the dish here
oh there's so many better than most we
just finished the challenge are you guys
feeling
yeah so Emerson and Charles just left we
taught them how to play Catan it was fun
yeah we're gonna go try a new frolf
course this isn't the one I showed
yesterday Matt next to the dog park it's
a different one but we haven't been I
haven't been there Aaron's been there
it's really fun the vlog hasn't been
there so you guys ready let's go
thank goodness aaron has snacks ooh here
we are
frolf also this place a really cool
place because they had the state
championship for cross-country here when
I was in high school we came in second
place very close to first but we didn't
quite get it
maybe this could come of course 1805
54-hole the one you're supposed to start
here and throw across the river but
we're gonna go to the other side so we
don't lose our discs our whole five this
is just nuts you're basically on this
giant cliff ah he used to throw a cross
over there this guy in front of us he
threw his disc and that curved hard I
went splash landed right about there
this was basically mine except at the
tree a little bit so glad I didn't go in
the water
death steps of Mordor to get down whoa
both got par not bad for the cliff hole
oh that was fun
this is such a cool course Wow thank
goodness they have a charging station
for discs and we are plugging in how's a
close call Aaron
mine was closed as well hole 15 still
has Christmas decorations alright I
think this place would make for an epic
like Halloween maze to the woods
don't you think Aaron just it's that
kind of atmosphere that feel unless it
gets dark there's zombies hole 17 almost
done can you see the top of Pikes Peak
there's like two buildings up there that
are reflecting light from the Sun that's
cool I can get like really close there's
the whole my different way over there
dadgummit almost went in the river but
it didn't yes so lucky didn't go in the
river but I got to go all the way back
around to hole 1 and then all the way
back over there to get it there's no
crossing points over here so we're gonna
end on hole 17 hey well this course was
fun doesn't matter what the score is as
long as you don't lose a disk pretty
good day I almost lost one good dad
oh thank goodness it's still here
dadima hey Aaron you try
see you tomorrow errand right are you
going to read dinner alright well that's
it for today's vlog thanks for watching
I'm not sure how much I'll blog tomorrow
during the Broncos game I might just
vlog at the end if they win because I
just want to watch the game I think
that's it
thanks for watching any last words
Buford
that's cool the pranking Aaron hi I need
to buy this
