good morning guys it's almost 5:00 a.m.
let's go outside you guys have to see
this this is like the sunrise over here
isn't this just incredible so look like
we're going on another Safari is running
so exciting
starting to get a little lighter out
whole squad is arriving
good morning bro getting better what
this guy kudu impala ah
and what about on your side it's a nice
look yeah covering you antelope and back
off putting the bear
Plus
looks like we're coming up on good
anyone cannot feed it Fifi is our
biggest bowl we got just a quick brunch
and some pool boys I'm sure you guessed
these are all troughs now actually have
one of the strongest blood pressures in
the world basically just to be able to
pump all that blood up to their brain um
but if you with having such an intense
blood pressure that has to develop this
Coulomb network of capillaries in the
back of the head it's called something
like the Rita medley or something like
that owners laughing and basically it
acts like a delta does for a river
basically it takes a false-flag river
and kind of spreads out the pressure and
a whole bunch of little channels kind of
does the same thing yeah that's how they
can go down and pretty much drink or eat
leaves just like that and kind of not
have their head explode because kind of
it's you know it's amazing how these
creatures develop something like that it
was having a fire yeah it's an epic
fight going on so delayed though you
take that Sura following these lions
my god Oh guys
oh gosh we got the into custody that's
now made it way back up the Sun is
slowly coming up to join me right bias
yeah
no way oh she's like mom
ah all the kids are running we found two
males they called us oh they're gonna
walk right by us
yes Danny bar ffensive one sees boys
come party I'm gonna be moving off
disappoint yeah yeah the main prize this
is our grouper by six as the two males
their 14 year old female and then three
sub it off cuts
all right so we're taking a quick break
quick coffee break actually but this is
just incredible
like it really makes me appreciate the
wildlife even more this is how animals
should live like this shouldn't be kept
up in a zoo or anything
yeah very nice
Coffee yes
that's okay if you put a little bit of
coffee and I'll have a mocha
thank you
quite high up here so give me very
nervous
ouch who wants to go down the fun slide
I came across this giant thing there's
an ant mound for solidified dunk just
peel away some of the bark there I see
it's got quite a fibrous top box you
break it up it frays everything out for
you
Kanye's there's a toothbrush
yeah they finally discovered that I'm
actually a chemical in here that's quite
similar to fluoride so it does actually
help to kind of clean it right animals
don't read martial eagle right there I'm
looking through the binoculars it's so
quick I remember one let's go what all I
think I don't think you'd ever be able
to break a drop it would pretty much
break you nice let me scratch that tree
it's very very gassy and I just got some
awesome patents on its back there to
either side obviously without the wind
then it's just we are back from Safari
again Wow and we come back to this just
more breakfast excited for breakfast
even I honestly I don't know where to
start
it's just too much I know you guys
really outdid yourself yeah absolutely
not even 9:00 we've been up for like
hours that's awesome
just got a quick shower
ready for the next adventure today we're
going to a different place soon so but I
ran over here to Stephen in Jess's room
because they have a drone sick like us
join you saying yeah yeah that would get
we've just made it to a brand new game
reserve this one is called Springbok
lodge she's been getting so many cool
pics I have to show you guys some of
like the zebra elephant
I love being greeted with lemonade this
is the lounge now we have made it to our
room so let's go take a peek inside see
what this guy looks like Robin Oakland
Dorie get the nice bedroom bath open up
the windows you can see outside oh this
is cool they've got their own dryer and
supplies this is really cool picture
editing I've been editing the vlog over
here the internet isn't the best
hopefully it'll upload but says 87
minutes remain
the one annoying thing about this place
is they give us the Wi-Fi cards but it
says limit 500 megabytes you excited for
lunch Brit not sure it's on the menu
today but let's say let's take a quick
look Wow
lunch today is looking especially
delicious so good I think it's like
eight eighty plus degrees out right now
so quick dip in the pool this is nice
Oh guys so not to sending out right now
but there's like really big bugs in the
pool slowest guy we not swim in it right
now like I'm talking big bugs
big big bugs yeah wow they're having a
brawl having a quick bath system in bath
and there's hippos right there they're
wondering what's going on over here
thank you
I don't really know hidden any forgotten
spark
exhale because it said before that just
time for dinner and then the day and
we're telling stories yes in the end I
lost my pudding mom sorry skinny well
guys that's the end of today's vlog like
I tweeted earlier or said earlier the
wife out here isn't too good so that's
kind of why these blogs haven't been
going up the next day is because this
place is even have Wi-Fi just want to
say thank you guys for coming back to
watch the blogs
and I guess we'll see you tomorrow
goodbye so much attitude I tried the
Oscar for a name so you give me a name
and then I like unlike is it safe to
pull over cause on the fast lane
