hey guys so we are in the Cape Town
Airport right now because we are flying
to I think turbine turbine Network it's
like a two-hour flight it's like what is
it it's like tap almost 8 a.m. over here
right now and we're going to be in
Durban for a week doing some really fun
activities you hey guys
all right
so we all were just getting some
breakfast at that place but they're
taking so long and they're on last
boarding call right now they have like
five minutes more or less actually like
there's no one here with the last people
so and they still haven't brought in our
cool
let's go let's go
we're talking about all the different
short styles like America no one wears
short shorts he's me I've been really in
a cycle to us but but there's one person
that yes you take on high or low reduce
different even inches we like them alive
Oh in the back that is
antis sister by the way yeah we
obviously landed and we're in our travel
mobile we're in this for a few hours
eight hey hey yeah yeah this is quite
big maybe an eight yeah so I wanted to
let them properly introduce themselves
so they can do better than I can
we've been chatting with them for a
little bit what's up guys hey anyone
fantastic how are you guys yeah good
good well I'm Stephen I'm Jess
yeah we walk as well I was debating here
it's daily videos as well and we started
in every last year we left oh wow
now we hit with you guys HSS and you're
from Australia yes which we haven't been
there yet I really want to go there I
always have to go and then you can check
out all their channels
I'll leave every everyone on this trip
in the description if you guys want to
follow their adventures alone on but
it's going to be an epic week yeah what
do you got here Bret Lynch's peaches
I've never had a dried peach before then
you're welcome
we are now taking a quick pit stop break
to get some snacks water and there's
special shops over there so let's go
check it out got some pizza of sorts
and Berger of sorts
make sure it's delete if it's not please
it could just be anyone with a gender
so much attitude
I tried the Oscar for a name she won't
give me a name and then I like like is
it safe to pull over cause on the fast
lane she's like I'm not to continue no
driver see I'm like all right cool
I was like the advice and I go to that
thing gonna take a photo of an airplane
then she starts becoming a Grace and
she's I telling you to eat the brother
sounds like fun okay can you give me
your name she's like no I forgive you
man
it sounds like I was like okay I'm going
to I'm going to keep them in front of
you dump it so there's just like notice
I was like well it's five characters I
can remember that woman takes like pride
and giving flippin fans she was so
excited to get a fire
we have made it to the game reserve now
let's get a proper introduction hello
hello baby how are you come to know me
to Deborah's it thank you
nice Wow we left your ass yes guys but
it'll make traffic make our meeting
noises
oh so I guess I haven't properly told
you guys yet but we're at a game reserve
here for the next few days and we're
going to be going on some safaris like
three different actually how many stars
are there I think there's one every
morning whenever you names are we can go
on whenever you want or just steppers
this is gonna be fun but the whole squad
and Duncan Duncan
and what are these guys up here these
gals of the loophole the best also known
as a brindled canoe hi today more with
welcome drinks oh my goodness
cheers guys is so insane out here it's
so peaceful they're taking us to rooms
right now Jay apparently I think they're
over here okay so we just got our brooms
just put our bags down and I am like
mind blown right now about how like
amazing this robe is I guess ready for a
tour
all right so you walk right here here's
the front door should open we're the
ostrich room oh yeah
we are the ostrich oh but yeah you got
here this beautiful living space just
like a living room who needs a TV
because you have this insane view of the
wildlife who knows maybe some zebra or
wild animal will come up here and then
connected is the bedroom with some
snacks coffee look at just how cool this
is not painting amazing but it's not all
guys got a closet right here for all
clothes this bathroom giant bathtub
shower right here which is you can
shower and look outside as well no if
this is
what is this outdoor shower yes
this is like Oh
thousand times I want this to be like
our home can we like make it let's just
stay here okay the ostrich so funny but
so cool we're only staying at this one
for like a day and then we're going to a
different one and then a different one
so we have three different like living
experiences and three different like I
don't know we have some really cool
stuff planned hopefully see some more
animals I'm just so excited first
reactions how does everyone feel with
gratitude and love yes that's nice
that's really good amen one of the
greatest things are going to place like
this right is that you can no city
sounds around or no civilization around
you it is absolutely peaceful and calm
with that distant echo Birds and fuck
and everything around you it's just like
restores your soul
yeah totally yeah wow that was a
brilliant explanation so we're going off
our first night tried lots of cool
coming up on some zebra here
beautiful you can tell date a virtual
zebra place the mountains over just
because of that like a faint ghost drop
between the two black ones there's just
a quick stop in the middle of the fault
quickfire you happy Louie bro so happy
hi guys I know you can't see me right
now but I just want you to listen to
this sound over here these are frogs
isn't that just insane oh just being out
here right now is absolutely incredible
we are literally in the middle of
nowhere just chatting by a fire having
some nice drinks as are you run away
back to dinner and we have spotted an
elephant oh my gosh she's walking here
kind of shine in the vehicle so they can
see what we are they're not confused at
all so I'm going to get a negative
responsible from that's a good idea
basically it's not so harsh on their
eyes same division that of it is the
matriarch you see the foreheads very
angle that generally means it's a female
Wow
I do not know how you can top off what
just happened but it is time for dinner
I don't know what we got here but I've
got a little bar a beautiful table for
the whole crew well we are back in our
room now I just got to say this evening
has been a very fantastic evening
although it was just a nighttime Safari
we saw what Rob rhino elephant hippos
and a bunch of other animals I forgot
their names so yeah tomorrow we're going
on more safaris I think there's like a 5
a.m. so far we're doing and then we're
moving over to a different like game
Resort Reserve and doing some more
safaris
so I'm sure we get to see all these
animals in the day and get better shots
it was kind of hard since it is night
there probably some of the shots were
blurry but it was just so fun and I hope
you guys have had a good time hanging
with us today and I guess we will see
you all tomorrow good bye turn in my
time
what is this Nick
although McCarney moon
