hey welcome back to vlogs it's snowing
outside huh
actually kind of like the snow so not
even too pissed ah says perfect weather
and make a fire today so you'll do that
later Mary usually leaves me a little
note before she goes to school let's see
what today's note says Andy please take
down the Christmas lights today and go
to the Big O and my vitamins I haven't
even had breakfast yet but we're gonna
take down these lights l can't find her
stepladder so I'm using some clippers
here to push the lights all the clips
you got to use what you have
alright ah there time for some breakfast
key lime another new flavor some eggs
and yeah also this device is pretty cool
you put ever kind of oil you want in
here so we got some olive oil you push
it down like this then you can spring
pretty coolant I've also been doing a
new recipe for eggs since I like eggs
but egg yolks have a lot of cholesterol
in them so I've been mixing one egg like
one full egg with just some egg white
from another egg that way you get egg
yolk but not too much and you get like 2
or 3 eggs plus if you want another good
egg recipe I learned this from Chef
Ramsay's as you take a little bit of
plain yogurt and just throw it in and
then stir it up oh it tastes so good
Oh Isaac's bed is all gone you can still
see the marks in the carpet where he
slept only thing he left behind were
some dirty diapers Wow Thanks evening
lunch now I'm editing vlog I'm at the
one part where we went to Ted's
and there's Isaac's chicken tenders that
he didn't eat ah ah thanks Isaac for the
delicious lunch yeah I've just been
editing vlog and playing some FIFA yeah
FIFA FIFA is really hard for some reason
there's so many controls so I'm trying
to learn and get better I'm playing
these skill modes skill shooting
challenge I didn't do very well but
hopefully in the near future
I will become a better FIFA player and
we got FIFA 15 set of 16 because it was
cheaper so yeah aeryn aeryn site we need
to go prank now so we're gonna do
reverse bargaining part 2 we'll see how
that goes
now before we can go out and film have
to go to the bank and take care of that
little problem why do people do that
they want money oh right the
drive-through because last reverse bribe
man we didn't go to a drive-through oh
we're up yes
nope no oh come on
chick-fil-a is usually pretty nice sound
let's see what they say
well we got some nuggets except we had
to pay full price for him I know I'm
gonna rip off
you guys will probably see in the video
but she won't give me we got like four
clips but Aaron has to go now what are
you doing
has a basketball game gotta support the
team because that's good enough reason
so we'll film more tomorrow so this will
be out this prank will be out Thursday
mmm
trying to think of something to go with
this mac and cheese for dinner all right
so here's what we got
mac and cheese well throw in some pepper
jack cheese some ham on a tortilla and
split some leftovers Ashley sounds
pretty good I was in charge of dinner
and I messed up sometimes I wish this
but not all the time but I wish dinner
for humans was just as simple as eating
like a cup of dog food it also made a
smoothie using blueberry Bay
also be good here is the finalized
impromptu dinner little bit Hamburg well
actually this is a buffalo burger but
french fry some ham and mac and cheese
doesn't be good yeah like that
I can tubers we need to get some these
cleaning logs for the fireplace now
which one started a little paper fire to
get a little draft going up that way
oh the chimney welp no fire tonight
because I didn't read the instructions I
just figured it's a log I'll just take
it out of the package and put it in the
fire and light it sounds reasonable to
me but no you're supposed to leave it in
the bag and light the bag on fire
oh come on log
time for bed see in the morning folks
and just like that is morning didn't
leave log too much yesterday but that's
okay do some more vlogging today we got
this man
cereal mary has left for school so by
myself except for sleepy Buford well
Erin's at school don't want to hang out
with you see that there's not much to
vlog when I'm by myself with just Buford
not that there's anything wrong with you
Buford it's just you're very sleepy
still got like five hours until Erin can
film prank so I don't know what to do
also maybe make a couple gaming videos
cuz haven't made one of those in a while
and just got FIFA maybe some Star Wars
so yeah that could be fun doing a quick
periscope and Buford is holding the
phone
so here let's get some people saying hey
yo what up vlogs hi mom hey ya fog hi
vlog yo yo yo yo yo yo yo probably gonna
get off here soon so I can take a shower
it look like a weird man alright just
about to make a gaming video you guys
want to see the new gaming setup this
would be the first gaming video I've
made at our new place so here we are
there's the TV with the laptop connected
to the elgato all the way to the mic I
don't have a windscreen for the mic so
like the peas and the bees and stuff
like that kind of I don't know funk up
audio so this is what I created my own
personal windscreen it's a tissue
attached to a plastic spoon
alright now that way when you say peas
and brushes like that the wind but the
audio so gets through so fun to play
today ah see the P doesn't create any
extra effects on the mic tissue you
weren't I just finished making three
gaming videos
I can't wait to upload these some of
them turned out really good Buford well
watching some ESPN getting hyped for
Sunday what's that what's that are you
ready to finish our video whoa
Buford yes Aaron's gonna be in this
week's prank he wants to do it Aaron the
prankster
I think I only need it maybe one more
clip so I'm gonna start off the day with
the mic
alright Barnes & Noble trying to think
of more I think I said this yesterday
but more non-food places could be good
so let's see what Barnes & Noble is dirt
Ewart you have to make those sounds when
plug in right now
very important mic on since when does
Ronda have a book oh and right above it
Connor Franta stuck and work-in-progress
and you know who Connor Franta isn't no
he's a youtuber no way yeah goodness
sakes another youtuber book really
professional Internet person alright
Wow another YouTube book all right so we
got one clip in there I think you turned
out pretty well so now we're gonna get
the mic to air Rudd and I keep doing the
impression of that one guy Justin
pranked in the yeah what video was that
it was telling people you're grateful
for man oh right and he's like at the
printer is like did you need to
yourselves alright it's alright so now
we're just applying it's like everyday
situations but here in this store might
try to buy this do I need to buy this
yes
alright so you guys can do that too now
if you want
do I need to buy this all right
certainly cook it well certainly the
guy's a character he's awesome
the pranking Aaron hi I need to buy this
where do I go Oh as you step to the
front registers alright
Wow that's windy
we're in Walmart and hi hey what's your
name
Marshall Marshall he's a big fan mm-hmm
he goes a TCA that's where Justin went
high school so thanks for watching man
everybody
this mom no crunch so when we were in
Walmart I was filming air and getting a
clip in this know-it-all customer
sitting behind me and he's like so don't
you need consent forms to be filming
people randomly in public no I just
looked at I was like yep he's like you
should be doing that I was like huh we
get consent after everybody we get so
and he's like no all right
what's going on nice back home now and I
say just part of the end of the vlog
because I want to get this up by 7:00
it's 5:55 and so gonna make dinner so
you're all frosty mmm anyways thanks for
watching today's vlog hope you enjoyed
it Aaron's first prank day kind of kind
of kind of we'll see you guys tomorrow
bye
