good morning everybody say hello Barrett
it wasn't loud fit today he's got this
long-sleeve striped shirt some
sweatpants and some baby socks he
actually just threw up on me so it's
awesome it's just so good to be home
I've been home for a couple days just
kind of getting used to the baby with
the dogs Buford what do you think
they're getting along they're getting
along so it's all good but right now
what we're actually doing is Barrett has
a doctor's appointment so we're going
back to the hospital and get some blood
work and then going to the doctor but
yeah he loves long sleeve t-shirts it's
awesome right mm time you get strapped
in you've got to be safe this kid looks
so funny with it when you put beanies on
them I don't know because it doesn't fit
all the way so it's like sticking up
like huge yeah I think he's in right
that's pretty secure it's a little
chilly out not bad though Oh oops I just
dropped them off at the hospital cuz
they have to get the blood work first
before the doctor's appointment so drop
them off but in the meantime I'm gonna
go check out some best buy stuff I'm
actually really excited because I just
got off the phone with our internet
people and they upgraded to gigabyte
speed internet so I got to get a new
modem that can handle it but me and I'm
excited just fast internet is prime
searching searching
ok we got the good so let's go hook it
up let's get inside look he's not even
over his eaters got this guy chilling
waiting hello there put your clothes
back on doctor said he's a very healthy
baby so we have a check-up next week for
his weight but then I think you should
be good for like another month yeah
you're doing good man
thank you maybe working hard well it is
the next day I didn't film anything
after the doctor's appointment it's just
it was kind of difficult to film a vlog
just taking care of baby the dogs and
everything try to film some more today
right now I'm actually taking Kevin on a
walk where's Kevin Kevin go pick out
your favorite ball go get a ball go get
a ball you went to orange ball
yeah ok let's go for a walk
the next morning the walk was good but
in about an hour something exciting is
about to happen I mean probably not too
exciting for vlog but I'm excited let me
tell you Oh
first check this out wait for it oh yeah
this is like one of my favorite
Christmas presents I got the changing
color light bulbs you can do different
things
whoa that's what we're trying to do down
here is make it like a fun like game
room movie room just tons of fun down
here so actually the guys from best
buyer coming over and they're gonna
assess the situation here for a
projector and movie thing so I've got
like this hookup already which is pretty
good I don't know what sort of wires are
here or anything but they're gonna come
focus you they're gonna come and say yo
you could get this projector you only
need this height screen you need two
speakers and it's gonna cost you
whatever
so we'll see what they say but I'm
really excited just to kind of get the
ball rolling on that cuz I'd be so fun
to have like a little movie theater
style set up oh man guys it's time for
an outfit of the day
baby edition let's see what your outfit
is okay hey dude Wow okay so you've got
an animal shirt with some blue sweat
pants and the burp rag right we're
setting up his swing this might be fun
hoping he likes it I think it swings
like this
oh that that'll be perfect yeah he'll
definitely like this
full speed whoa look at that Barrett we
don't even have to push it ourselves
Kevin's very interested he feels like it
also check out this mug I got for
Christmas
abs are cool but have you tried Donuts
oh yeah we're gonna run out and get some
lunch the home theater guy came and went
and we're trying to decide if you want
to move forward with it it's just it's
pretty expensive so I don't know what to
do come on Barrett let's go get some
lunch
lunch was good never glamp this yeah
sorry lunch was good from Christmas very
rare soda shop they have so many rares
it's funny because Mary's basically one
craving during this whole pregnancy has
been roomier so we're looking for some
rares I found it I found a Bitcoin guys
see here they have the weird flavors
peanut butter jelly carrot cake I've
never seen this one before
coffee cake soda
okay these diaper backpacks are really
impressive I feel like we should do
what's in my bag challenge haha she
opened it up we got what is this
put some diapers yeah change of clothes
because sometimes kids bar funny
themselves here we got some formula to
go formula we had a binky in there so
that's good it's cool this side pouches
it's like insulated so you can put some
formula or something in there and keep
it warm and then this you just open up
straight to diaper wipes morning not bad
remember earlier I was talking about
gigabyte speeds check this out gggggg do
I think it's time to do some gaming live
streams whoa
by the way follow us on goof squad
gaming more gaming live streams and just
gaming videos in general coming soon
well guys I think I'm gonna end the vlog
here so thank you so much for watching
and just spending some time with us
today I really appreciate it I think
actually I'm gonna wait a little while
to do the home theater setup maybe till
like after tax season or something but I
just feel like I need to wait a little
bit because with new baby don't only
know all the cost with that so yeah I
think it's just gonna be better to just
wait a little bit but that brings me to
another point I just want to bring up
and this is squeaker megalis and this
has really addressed to anyone who maybe
just got their first job or thinking
about getting their first job kind of
like in that range but I would suggest
working on creating a budget getting
that habit of making a budget especially
early so if you just got your first job
and you've got money coming in for the
first time practice making a budget if
you get really good at that then later
in life or just setting yourself up for
success and it's just it's really
helpful it has really helped Mary and
myself so I think that's important if
you're just getting that habit early
you're good to go
budgets for the win and I can't remember
who originally set this quote but our
pastor at church brings it up every once
in a while and that's that we should
make as much money as we can so we can
save as much money as we can so we can
give as much money as we can and I think
it's that just saying it's just so
simple and easy to remember and it's
just it's a good one and I like it so I
wanted to share that with you guys I
don't know what Kevin's barking it but
that's all I got so thanks for watching
and we'll see you back here tomorrow
