good morning everybody this cold I hear
is get aside what today's Broncos game
is playoff football so I got to wear my
orange gear here's a pair of orange
shorts done here's my favorite Broncos
sweater done
today's Broncos game is playoff football
so I got to wear my orange gear here's a
pair of orange shorts done here's my
favorite Broncos sweater done there's
the orange gear I need my hat ah there
we go
Wow like I said it's playoff football
there is no messing around today it's
full orange day you heard oh are you
ready for today's game let's get excited
noosa mary found this new flavor at the
store blackberries serrano only in
colorado looks so good sweet heat
huh whoa uh there's some spice in this I
don't think I've ever had a yogurt
that's been even slightly spicy this is
interesting
mmm doing a quick broadcast you're on
periscope
hey I say hi to vlogs
I'm fun now dad yes hi hey yo oh man you
guys Rock look at all those comments I'm
just trying to get people stoked for
today's Broncos game guys
Aaron has arrived nice sweater dude huh
Mary's got her gear on today too orange
socks t-shirt Aaron brought over
cinnamon rolls we're gonna make some we
already had breakfast but Aaron did who
would do that - uh guys don't get those
guys let me get a big pig - Oh Aaron
those look good
thank you touchdown yeah baby this game
is getting out of hand
Oh popcorn we got the whole crew here
yeah Kattan as always decided game time
my first play touchdown Broncos what to
leave oh wow
you want to know how to keep a kid
entertained just give him a stick he can
play for days you won't get bored stick
we might start selling sticks we're
gonna sell for $9.99 endless hours of
fun for your kids so it's a great Buy
are you gonna come inside goodbye
halftime
Aaron it would be better it should be
better I'd say only down one no so not
too much to complain about all I gotta
say is these Broncos and you start
catching the ball heeds sake chris is
pissed
fourth quarter still down by one this is
when you got a dig deep guys you got to
play with some fire please guys
oh my goodness again what on earth it's
dark in here is I Oh touchdown
oh so pumped right now yes yes we're
going for two yes
all right guys oh that was the fumble
that did this whole thing Oh yep oh look
at that look at that effort CJ oh
there's two-point conversion to various
oh this is great guys
yes yes all right I told you guys you
gotta step it up
d-pads this is it guys defense it's time
for the defense the show either the
number one defense is number one sax is
number one no-fly zone is a number one
get in there
but yes go oh yeah baby
whoa I mean let's say he was yeah did
they blow the whistle right there yes
oh that's it Oh sealed Oh baby
bring on New England I'm glad she made
that sign victory formation folks that's
it for oh sorry sue Oh high five high
five high five high five high five
Broncos Wayne Isaac touchdown touchdown
Buford what are you doing very good
couple really bud we're watching the
democratic debate now hey Erin who do
you think will get the Democratic
nominee Hillary disappointing oh come on
man
goodbye
ouch oh well today is our last day with
Isaac man it's been fun having him
around
think we might try and do something fun
today since it's our last day with Isaac
I don't know we'll figure it out but
what I do know is we're going to go to
American furniture warehouse because as
you can see our table only has four
chairs so if you got Warren you know two
guests over we can't also at the table
so we're gonna go to American furniture
warehouse and see if they got a bench
seat I have improved the green screen
room a little bit but I'm gonna see if
nope don't climb up there I'm gonna put
him on the green screen and see if we
can do something funny I'll stop my
green sweater so let's see what happens
ah Who am I Oh what happened to my body
well see if that works
American furniture warehouse
this way so many couches to sit in we're
so happy is this one comfy
I think we found one we like
it looks pretty nice never mind we found
a different one we like this guy he's
pretty comfy
you guys hear it said that was an ear
song I was just thinking to myself I
wonder how she feels that she made a
song that's virtually at every wedding
she gets to go to everybody's plenty
what's her name but yeah or how she
feels about that look a new bench I mean
goodness I've gotta grab an ingredient
for lunch
cuz we don't have any butter Oh making
goat cheese sandwiches butter I want
this I sit here on the new bench here it
is installed folks nice you to commit
work it in because it's stiff because it
just came from the warehouse I'm hungry
I hope you're hungry too yeah wow we
must be brothers Isaac dad the soup is
good yeah yeah looks good so we're just
sitting here trying to enjoy a good
lunch yeah I got a phone call from the
bank because somebody stole her credit
card information so the fraud department
called because someone in Denver spent
over $200 at King Soopers and groceries
and they kept trying to use the card
over and over again for other stuff but
we have a 300 dollar limit on our cards
for the daily limit but they kept trying
to use it and they already spent $200 at
King Soopers that got declined the card
is shut down there to go to the bank
tomorrow I'll tell them that that was
not us that spent $200 at King Soopers
in Denver and knowing like why do people
have to do that I don't know but I'm
glad they did cuz like 200 bucks isn't
like that much but it is our money I
have to deal with that tomorrow
anyway it's back to lunch I am just
chilling on the couch right now watching
some YouTube videos I'm trying to think
of a prank to do this week all our ideas
are like bigger type videos almost can
do those this week so I'm trying to
think of something simple that Aaron and
I can do don't really have any ideas
just checking up on some people let's
see what everyone's up to maybe by
watching some YouTube videos might get
some inspiration for a prank but wash a
few so far and don't really have any
ideas this week's video might be a
sequel or a part two of something we've
already done unless I can think of
something something easy it's about 4:30
we're going to dinner at 5:30 because
tonight is my dad's birthday you know
it's a good day when you reach in your
pocket and find $2 Ted's oboe Teddy you
know the last time you had Ted's was for
Aaron's birthday have you had it since
then no never
I've vlogged it though so this is a true
fact right here ago what my birthday's
in 17 days what 17 days they're gonna be
18 I'm gonna be 12 oh whoops
Yama whoa - whore I thought they were
extinct nobody
food if you have a little baby that's
not really that hungry order him
something that you want later
for instance chicken strips this will be
a nice snack later well Isaac it was fun
having you over Jeff fun yeah yeah Isaac
has to go home now bye Buford you miss
Isaac well that's it for today's video
thanks for watching we'll see you guys
tomorrow also a comment of the day
coming at you right now what do you call
a singing computer Adele let's get it
cuz like Adele the best thing to do in
school watch your guys's vlogs as long
as you're still getting good grades
mister where the crap is Larry Larry
that's all the comments I'll see you
guys tomorrow
adios
one we're going to McDonalds yeah yeah
McDonald a while - four - Yoho
