hold on hey good morning everybody it
snowed a little last night which is
interesting because as you saw yesterday
I was trying to make this ice patch melt
and now it's covered in snow you got to
be kidding me
watching the vlogs and doing dishes it's
the best what are you doin he says
privacy please I'm taking a bath I can
still see you
one of us is in deep trouble do I do
like that not right now we have to move
this tree into the backyard can we do it
all right you hold you see me yeah you
see me yeah all right
we're going in how's it one yeah good
all right if the tree falls on me will
you say something yeah okay
I used it to a tee yeah I get the camera
he's hiding Buford where's the tree out
the door beside good job man let's go
back inside
it's cold run Isaac run look at the mess
we have here you can make a whole new
tree out of this so many needles decided
to come outside and play you got the
ball all right throw it for Buford
Buford get the ball Buford
but show Buford the ball now throw it go
get it
good job Buford you got to get that ball
that's how the game works
oh man okay this is a good game because
Isaac will throw the ball Buford won't
get it then Isaac will go get it so
they're both getting tired all right we
got the Christmas tree into a bunch of
logs so I got that branches on them but
this is in a couple pieces right oh hey
guys come on in
we just finished playing two games of
Catan my sweater got the football game
on as well I mean Aaron drive us to
McDonald's and I don't advise going to
McDonald's ever but they did just get
mozzarella sticks so we're trying this
out Colton don't mess up
they stole this from Roman Atwood did
you mess up yes Colton did you mess up
yes Aaron don't mess up King Soopers
here we go you get some real dinner as
well yes yes yes yes yeah oh it looks
like my zippers on that but it's not
alright let's try a bite okay I have a
very bad feeling about this
my initial thoughts are this is beer
this is weird
are you impressed no close contract
french fries well pizzas gone 82 fast
how's that BAE I haven't tried it yet
this is your first sip Wow is that good
okay I'm gonna try try it this is your
first sip of a bay right a bubbly style
it's really good just let you guys know
I've won two out of the three games you
play so another one and Aaron is a
complete loser
so what 60% chance winning this game do
the math the math is 0.1% oh please I'm
a calculator I know big dumb colt won
again
three and one ah you got a 60% chance
winning I want good apples apples we
like apples apples apples apples we
liked apples what's the category
squeaky-clean what do we got eyes our
squeaky-clean eyes
Japan is sweet my body is squeaky oh the
Inquisition is squeaky clean friendly or
honorable will go with friendly for
friendly we have trailer parks we have
mall Santas we have a haunted house
going to church by the way this flavor
of bay is really good black cherry okay
good night Colton oh my goodness this
football game is just pure nuts can we
get it on nuts are you going home now
we'll see you tomorrow for Broncos game
a good time well it starts at 2:00 but
come over early for other game come here
say bye - Aaron what a great way to end
the night what all if you guys are
watching the Cardinals game you know
what we're talking about ring the bell
wants you to ring the doorbell
who's there err it's morning now last
vlog I said I was gonna put extras and
reveals in from our prank but then I
forgot to do that so sorry about that
but anyways here are some extras and
some reveals yo bro look what I can do
there's no more bets no more bets no
more bets no more bets
yeah but there's no more there's no
music in this video so that's why it's
kind of awkward you know like are you
feeling awkward right now yeah sorry
guys look what I can do
guys oh thanks hey look what I can do
now the other way very good thanks
invisible whoo loop yeah that's
something yeah if I'm in a way just say
like a direction I'll move that way
you guys over here being in our video
okay sorry to bug you
hey see ya hey sorry to bother you
thanks for being chill we're just doing
a dump YouTube video those are just
dancing by people and seeing how they
react okay yeah okay so it's like the
whatever Channel
yeah it's like a prank we have a prank
channel oh you do yourself yes the j j
stu studios
hey there's making a youtube video well
they were just dancing by people I'm
just being awkward
are you okay being in it yeah this is
the white girl dancer well I hope you
like those extras and reveals before we
go a couple comments of the day first
one if Apple ever made a car would it
have windows potentially but they might
rename it to something like look
throughs Isaac is greater than Donald
Trump how do you feel about that
oh I lost my socks turn it I'm sorry no
I hope you find your soft suit but
that's it for Thomas with the day thanks
for everyone leave in comments and real
quick before we go to little Q&A is
about Isaac these comments always pop up
so I just want to say real quick
Isaac is Mary's brother right so he is
my brother-in-law not my son and another
thing about Isaac we've never told you
guys ok so I've seen a couple comments
seems like always pops up there just
wondering as like his Isaac little slow
or something here's the story the back
story about Isaac see when you're a baby
and you're born your skull is in like
different parts and it allows your brain
to grow and your skull can kind of move
with it and then it forms later on when
Isaac was born his skull was all all one
piece so his brain couldn't grow it's
just hard to expanding this way this way
it got squished and was expanding out
the back but he had to have surgery on
his skull they had to cut it so his
brain could grow normally because his
brain got squished he was just a little
behind developmentally with walking and
talking basically he's very smart but
yeah just wanted to tell you guys that
his back story at the same time everyone
thinks he's a lot older than he is which
makes him seem slow but he just turned 3
yesterday yeah so he's he's right where
he needs to be but he looks like he's 5
because he's so big that's the end of
today's vlog
thanks for watching today's gonna be a
fun day cuz the Broncos game is on yeah
so excited
so as you guys tomorrow
bye-bye
