how's it going oh we are doing fantastic
this morning as usual I'm just finding
some new music on iTunes and we just got
a peach this is an interesting peach do
you know what kindness is yeah anyways
Nick and ang are going to pick up the
special guests as of right now and they
don't have room in the car for all of us
to come so that's why we're staying back
so yeah and the weather outside today is
again fantastic very sunny very hot and
I love that we can just have the they
have this door that just opens up and
the whole place is just just so nice I'm
also wearing some new clothes I got here
these are like six dollars each it's a
new tank top and red shorts sprinkle yes
Nick's home we've been all alone this
morning he's okay but he is about to
show us oh it's dark he's but show us
how to make some coffee
cuz honestly having settled in Wacha pot
okay so the principle is you have water
okay put your coffee in here then you
tighten in on the top and then you you
like like a flame and then that heats up
the water against the steam like the
pressure going cycle really high so the
pressure of the steam pushes the water
up through that guy
screw the coffee why did the top of the
same
so it's kind of like an espresso he uses
pressure
it's like create the coffee last taste a
good espresso he's really kind of thing
so fabulous okay we come back in five
minutes and there will be coffee in here
we just I think this is like the best
South African copy he says it smells
absolutely stunning what's happening
the kawaki is coming through how good
I've never seen this we don't have these
it we probably do out in America yeah
any for like extreme hipsters you live
in look at this breakfast for nuts
yogurt and just healthy things they like
the yogurt and coffee bread you know
expresso and Laura has arrived I doing
this morning
hanging up this picture Nick's dad
actually did this all by himself
it's very talented all right guys so
Nick and hanges neighbors are like
amazing and so cuz they're just like so
awesome like available all the time so
we want to know what they're laughing
about
come on obviously you can understand the
Briley's I can maybe make like speak
their language or like please understand
because it's like they seem like such a
happy people all the time so happy it's
such a vibrant and loud culture yeah
yeah I wish I could understand them I
just joined in the potty you know is
eriously it's like I don't know when
when they talk it's just like it's so
refreshing is your people like laughing
all the time I don't know it's just even
if they're like laughing all the time
you might like last night we were going
to bed people were like laughing so loud
but I was like I should get back to am
more yeah well it helps that we were
like just a song which is so but I don't
know that was fun I am so excited right
now because we were going on a girls
adventure I'm the only guy on this wall
today I'm just trying to fit in what
what are we doing good question it's an
African surprise
I love those kinds of surprises please
do not take this exit
thank God different boys drive thank you
I'm here today the other side
oh cool when we run on ship next week
and you have flora myself and my sister
cats history I'm Lawrence we will just
be educating you will be school
huh
anybody want some sexy snacks
talk about unique interesting shoes like
wow you would impress some boys if you
went to prom with this take notes ladies
oh so we are I wouldn't say this is
downtown I don't know what this is this
is like a area where a lot of people
come in there's a bunch of shops so
we're just exploring this is a really
cool wall with yellow small alleyway
with some shops
Ferrari that's pretty cool I guess
look at that a lot of cute
Thank You lunchtime I just got done with
lunch we were trying to find some
baboons but we didn't find any now
there's an ostrich he just stop and look
hey Knight I've never seen a real-life
ostrich you can feed them they're sound
like chickens ostrich hey guys it looks
so weird in person I wish - we are back
from our little venture yeah they're
going on more adventures tomorrow but
like we're just driving forever so and
the special guest that we were telling
you about have arrived today so I
thought I'd introduce you guys to them
we have Raya how's it going good I'm
slightly out of it because we like flew
overnight and stuff but I'm excited to
go watch the sunset if you guys don't
know who Ryan is then you can you get
with the program she has a YouTube
channel you want to tell everybody what
it is
yeah it's Rio is here it's like
traveling myself it is beautiful we also
have mr. mee and I you should tell
everybody your channel because obviously
no one really knows who you are so right
now we have a 10-hour flight well I
think yeah and now we're going out again
so you came from French oh yeah we are
super excited to share this two-week
adventure with you guys it's gonna be so
much fun so yeah really
OMG
well let's go catch some sunset center
you sure I I don't have to blow your
face that's what we call blurry Laura
red
today we're trying to go on a little
sunset adventure it's really windy out
here and the sun's going down quick so
we found this spot we found this spot
right here I think they're doing some
time lapses but I'm just gonna show it
to you cuz I don't know how to do a time
lapse quite yet
yeah pretty impressive ant
I'm being rebellious and I climbed up
this wall well everyone else is down
there
hey guys can't believe how windy it is
outside let's take a quick sneak peek at
the wind
good grief we're gonna go get a cheeky
Instagram so in 10 we are now in
downtown Cape Town
it's pretty pretty cool it's kind of
empty over here but going to get some
food I'm not sure where oh here Bakara
if you go upstairs to this place
why fancy
this restaurant gives up bibs that's so
cute
we all have to do that then that's a
really good idea
I have no idea what any of this is so
I'm just gonna have Nick order for me
you I don't want to spell my white tank
you look so pretty
kind of chilly
yeah
did you just say
some mango ice cream to top off the meal
back home from dinner
pretty crazy down here
chitra
well guys it's about midnight right now
probably gonna get some rest
we're doing some more fun things
tomorrow now that everybody is basically
here and then we are actually traveling
we're not staying in Cape Town the whole
time I'm going to be fine to a different
part of South Africa and doing some more
adventures I'll just leave it at that
oh and I almost forgot comment of the
day so today is coming over they say
Justin would you be mad if you woke up
and you were a baby just dreaming your
life yes or no um probably yes this
would be my reaction well listen you're
so cuckoo Bayla hi did you know did you
like so much - paliku
but yeah I really appreciate you guys
coming along today and hanging out with
us I think that's about it
if you missed yesterday's vlog there
will be a link in the description and
we'll see you guys tomorrow go back and
so apparently this is what again tongue
what kind of tongue be for me I just
tried it taste it weird you just like
we're not
