Hey good morning guys how's it going
hello our special guest came last night
are you guys excited to know who it is
some of you are trying to guess and
yesterday's vlog who it was and I think
I only saw one person who got it right
but anyway the guest is sleeping right
now I'm gonna peek in the room
are you expecting Isaac if you were that
you win but anyways we're watching him
until Monday because Mary's parents are
going to California
I think for some reason I'm not sure why
but I got to take them to the airport
here in about 20 minutes so that's what
I'm gonna do
Taco Bueno so this Taco Bueno is just
opening up I think right now is the
grand opening Mary's dad was telling me
that they're giving away free food for a
year there's a long line so many people
these people just left they were
standing in line I'm guessing the first
50 customers maybe or something like
that get the deal there's a lot of
people there so there's too many people
I saw like there was people at the end
of the line you know and they were
already leaving where's the button
oh there it is you want to push it I
like it yep it's a new toy whoa whoa I
was going in a circle
do you want a ride yeah oh okay
time to go take a shower I think I might
shave today Oh
all done with shower I feel so fresh no
guess what guess what today is
yeah what is today is it your birthday
yeah it's your birthday Isaac did you
know that hey oh yeah it's okay to leave
your three-year-old child where they got
to California for a baby shower as long
as a set like to leave him on his
birthday but my dad's like we'll just
come back and tell them it's his
birthday then what do you want to do for
your birthday you can play games for
your birthday that's it
open it up she wonders what's inside
what's that baby yeah baby eight socks
what you want to do for your birthday no
you don't want to do anything you don't
want to do something what are you doing
we told you you can go anywhere you want
you wanted to go to bed where you want
to go for lunch got a register the
chick-fil-a calendar card so we can get
some lunch I think it may be snowing on
Pikes Peak it's pretty cloudy here we
are at Costco so funny Isaac where do
you want to go for your birthday Cosco
he's so excited
Oh smells good over here guys good work
on the muffins there's the base they got
bubblies now and normal bays
this stuff is also really yummy it's
powder but you can make your own peanut
butter with it or you add it to protein
shakes and it's so yummy the quinoa
price here is so good
what is that eighteen cents an ounce
such a good deal oh we already have
something that's my Fri you can target
because this is the only toy store we
have what's happening over here miss
stormtrooper won't stop shooting
pokeyman cards what's this yeah I didn't
know they still made pokemon cards back
home now we have a bit of a problem sir
a house is facing the north this way and
this ice and snow never melts here so
I'm trying to chip away this giant ice
rink that's in our driveway goodbye you
stupid ice
Aaron is here now guys hey we're going
to gamestop to get a surprise let's go
GameStop power to the players are y'all
ready urn
what happened to this box man who did
that
nope dad no one for me yes
how did Messi got both covers 15 in
importance that questions that just
saying psyche history
it's a rare that sports people get on
the cover like multiple years Messi did
it back-to-back Aaron's desperate wait
to see what happens oh wow and the most
brilliant super villain in the world has
ever seen
how's this or proof beyond the mighty
mega crab snip-snip what do you guys
play blue beach thanks Aaron and I start
playing boom beach I kind of stopped but
it's still pretty fun here's the mega
crab you can get it I'm gonna do it in
the guard all right it's snowing this
dark house we can't see it but it hit me
in the eyeball and it kind of hurt check
out these sweet cupcakes we got for
birthday cupcakes there are star wars
going over our parents house because
they have food birthdays here Isaac
happy birthday to you is that yummy back
to our house now see what Isaac's doing
but we have two really cool and
important things that are coming up on
the television tonight one at 8:00 and
then one at 9:00 so I will show you guys
you also have something else really cool
that happened today check it out we got
a new couch for down here it's really
comfy too so you can chill down here the
fireplace
just relax if you want the tree is
slowly coming down as you can see the
easter-egg decorations are gone we've
got the lights and the ornaments off and
I'm taking the backyard chop it up and
use it for our first fire before those
cool things come on television it's time
to watch some buckets nuggets have been
playing pretty well of recently there's
the Manimal with the dreads we pranked
him at the mall one day he was just
randomly there here's the first cool
episode tonight if you can't tell this a
shark tank this is gonna be a cool
episode because our friend is actually
gonna be on this episode I'm pretty sure
he's been in the vlog before but our
friend Antonio oh man I can't wait to
watch there he is
and Tony young well Antonio didn't get a
deal darn he has a really good idea
though but if you're watching shark tank
there you go
it's our bud Antonio now it's on to
number two of cool things on TV tonight
as you guys saw in another vlog we went
to a local news station to do an
interview and tonight's the night
they're airing it yeah yeah oh good
night buddy that's her why that's our
first prank
meet Justin any injury eating loudly
videos those are also pretty awkward and
we can't release its records he's going
bald thousand subscribers and I see them
hitting that million mark very soon oh
thanks well that was a good little
segment she did Thank You Fox 21 News
you guys Rock did you like it did that's
it for tonight's TV episodes it's a good
night for TV I'd say but it is time for
bed I think Buford is out he's been
snoring for probably 20 minutes now
Isaac is already in bed and asleep kind
of tired myself
so probably go to bed now what guys he's
got a stuffy nose yeah I step he knows
well anyways thanks for watching today's
video we had a fun day with Isaac on his
birthday he turned 3 today he believed
that I used 3 years old and the only
thing he wanted to do today was go to
Costco I think I might put some extras
and reveals from yesterday yesterday we
have taste Friday yeah yeah from
yesterday's prank just for fun just keep
some hate comments oh you need to go to
bed well good night everybody I'll see
ya tomorrow ha you guys thought I was
gonna leave without doing comment of the
day but no are you ready yeah yes first
comment can I have comment of the day
yeah
when you say tomorrow is that today
yesterday are really tomorrow
no one knows really it just is everybody
that likes this comment gets a free
pizza free pizza and has 5 likes so you
know that's five free pizzas what
happened to the guy
what happened to the guy I don't know
either
anyways thanks for watching today's
video
yeah and we'll see you we'll see you
guys next time yeah we'll see you next
time yeah okay bye
