well good morning everybody how's it
going ah I am finally feeling refreshed
not tired and I don't think the jetlag
has hit me guys cuz yeah we just woke up
it's like almost 9 a.m. here what is it
yeah it's 9:30
oh just last night's sleep was so
fantastic but I want to just give you
guys a quick tour of where we're gonna
be staying their house is so awesome
Nick and ang so right we can come
there's this little gate and here's the
front patio and as you saw in
yesterday's vlog I was trying this out
of the slack rope very hard but it's
pretty fun
then you walk over here and then got a
nice little pool because seriously the
weather here is just so nice it's summer
like back at home those snowing we get
the nice pool they got a hangout area
right there
good morning guys there's our little
room pretty nice the bathroom a little
office this kitchen dough so nice what's
on the menu for breakfast so we have
onions which are gonna be delicious
you got some waters which you're gonna
be fried up amongst the onion juices and
spinach and I don't know how you doing
the spinach and then we're gonna slice
of people guys and we're gonna
caramelize them and onion juice
something with this ciabatta bread
I'm not I need all these farming
Tomatoes what they're saying around here
Wow
all done with breakfast and now we are
going to get some coffee because I kind
of film snow I'm building yeah they were
just walking through their neighborhoods
it's really cool but there's no disease
we don't have many much of these in
America like these little things so you
can't really climb over people's walls
we're gonna get stabbed by the ouch
twigs with beans yes
this quaint little coffee shop look at
that thank you
yeah we're about to go do some exploring
we have to find Nick so that's parents
house right now fetching it's the
bearded bandit found Nick so they're
teaching us on all the different
languages they have here why don't you
tell me what you just earned do what you
just did I get to watch it with typical
is Balu in the phone and another one I
do yes
the frogs the frogs stand up for
themselves so we should set up their
time teaching me something so I'm trying
to like say hey to people
apparently there's a fire over here oh
my gosh
cuz this holdin man's it's just so cool
awesome I've never been to a vineyard
before so this is kind of cool got a
bunch of barrels got a nice meat platter
here you guys excited I just can't hide
it so apparently this is what again
tongue
what kind of tongue beef I just tried it
tastes it weird you just
we're not trying I'm not about to try
I'm not yes you are the cool thing is
that it looks you just take a small
little bite then you could say you've
tried tongue it's not only you tasting
it it's tasting good you like it don't
you think what
are they searching for dad
so now we're getting some crepes or
pancakes as they like to tell us yeah
just look at it it's got ice cream in it
so we're stuck in traffic right now and
that big semi just crossover and stopped
all the traffic yeah I'm the highway so
he's just got turned around but
seriously breath yeah he's probably dang
it
plus he stopped traffic he's regretting
his decision
oh he's getting out real quick he said
get out of here
on America you're not supposed to get
out of your car just quick block of the
dog in this maybe we should go back to
our car sir back at the house I'm going
to upload the vlog now because I think
it's like morning time where we live
see how long I'll take 28 mm-hmm that's
pretty good it says 23 minutes 25 huh
Justin I think it's perfect now look how
big my forehead looks in this is yours
at three fingered forehead area like a
four or two minds a hand well we're back
home now just upload it the vlog we went
over to Andrews dad's house and uploaded
it was insanely fast and so now we're
just chillin it's nighttime you doing
Nick oh heavens would you just look at
it a sony a7r - - yeah congrat you guys
should go check out his pictures they're
pretty nuts oh I'm just cheating you're
cheating
no but you edit them as well so like
we're gonna do some takeout Thai I've
never had South African Thai before we
just order it now me and Nick are gonna
play some Fife oh wow right now because
I in the world works longer but we did
get food yes
and you know girls will be girls who
talked and I didn't do anything
but mouth yeah I just spent the whole
day I know you're such a good cook you
actually really are so great but this
one just just impressed to work and this
is what you needed
so the girls kindly picked up some pad
thai thank you guys that's okay
it's just the sub spent a stay there and
you got some egg rolls I don't know why
I said ain't goes and she has a very
special surprise she wants to show
everyone okay for this glass of wine
allegedly if it's a whole bottle of wine
so we're gonna test it out that's not
wine this is what I just get ready
magician mix immature so after I do this
he can show you real magic tricks he
better you're off you asking for it and
you can do an amazing to relax and offer
this German accent I will do oh mylanta
it's like know what happened yeah are
you gonna turn up heck yeah wow how fun
was that
goodnight yeah I can well it's actually
11 but it feels like to you yeah yeah
it's time for bed yeah it's like if
you're in your twenties two hands
because we have another special guest
who's gonna be in the vlogs special
guests yeah we have another special
guests Oh looks like it's time for bed
guys it's 11:50 here now I've just been
looking over the vlog footage but I'm
probably finish it in the morning since
we are on like a 9-hour time difference
I don't have to upload until like the
evening anyway so I got plenty of time
but just wanted to say thanks for coming
along with us today and just especially
thank you to Nick and ang for letting us
come and hang with them like it means so
much that they are opening their house
for us and they're such nice people and
I'm just really grateful that we get to
hang with him and you know connect with
them more and become better friends
it's gonna be a it's gonna be a really
fun time if you guys want to check them
out I'll leave links to what they do in
the description Nick's app their social
media they just are across the board
great people and I think you guys really
like them so if you want to check them
out check the description and some more
special guests as we said are arriving
tomorrow which some of you may know
about if you follow us on Twitter or you
just know because that's what you do
when you just know things so yeah we
hope you come back tomorrow
and have a great rest of your night day
whenever you're watching this we will we
will see you guys tomorrow
good bye
took on two tank tops I'm just trying to
figure out the prices here too for our
so apparently American dollars you
divide whatever the number is by
