hi guys
reporting our plane to New York great
are you excited yeah is freezing in this
terminal holy crepes
yes you got free blankets well that was
a quick three hour flight to New York
we're in New York now how's it feel to
be in New York you tired
entirely I am sorry I'm okay huh
to function well here right now it's
6:30 in our flights at 10:40
so we got some tuk take a quick map if
you want I seriously buddy you guys I
love people watching because it's like
you can create your own stories for
people and really hilarious and really
fun I don't know if you guys ever do
that but just went to the bathroom like
this guy she's going to I don't know
Cuba ha to see his granddaughter who has
three cats three cats you tell I'm so
tired like and for those of you who are
confused on why I love you know there's
been a lot of comments on my lap and
whatnot um I just love laughing and like
sometimes I do it out of like
nervousness or
it's just like I have it and I think
that's one kind of habit I guess if you
want to call it that but it's not that
bad like if you think about it I could
be doing a lot worse so I just thought I
would say that
ah beautiful morning here in New York
just got away three hours till we board
the daggum so I just saw this plane guys
I've never been on a double-decker plane
but someday I would love to try one out
have any of you guys been on one of
these balls as we have a few hours I
just got a Jamba Juice acai bowl looks
pretty good
well we have made to our sieve your loss
yeah we got the the two-seater one so we
don't have to sit next to anybody
there's a mile right here and then we
have a lot of room to lean back as well
fifteen our foot it also get a beautiful
view of this wing you just handed us a
special package all for sleeping Lord no
wait socks
that's awesome never gotten something
like this on a fight before
you
sparkling water
Britany just made a big ol mess with her
Zipf is
she's portable and it's just fizzing
everywhere I'm so proud of you what is
this
this is lunch guys I feel like we're in
high school again
actually comes with a main course I
think it comes with like chicken I think
we got pasta though but
poor guys we are almost in Africa
6:30 a.m. right now
and they just gave us a breakfast
scrambled eggs
random goodies
but yeah guys we have officially made it
to South Africa but you still have one
more flight dadgummit
but it's only like it to our fighters in
there but it's definitely warmer here
still got jeans on I will be changing
Animus we are finally done with the
airport and we are here with the special
guests that we have been telling you
about that we are staying with for the
next two weeks and I want to introduce
you guys to them why don't you guys just
for anybody who doesn't know who you
guys are why don't you just tell us what
you guys do what you're about mean being
mean about life my friend is my chief
aside she should introduce a friend I am
Louie Cole's business manager fun for
Louie yeah so I organized all his
everything his whole life so you can
have fun and video ads I do Liz branch
top Network stuff money staff
accommodation flights and Laura works
with me as well this just works for the
personal assistant solely a colleague
that will be one day business manager
yeah that is beautiful
so that is what I didn't learn others
and being an amazing wife
yes sir Nick of course hi I'm Nick sorry
I'm Nick I have an entrepreneur and I
currently working on a thing called
story shall I for now which justin is on
yeah I haven't been using it as much as
I should I
I need to get back into it because the
app is brilliant yeah but you put a lot
of people and and then also my previous
company is teach me too which is an
education or edgy take we're trying to
improve education in South Africa and
then beyond we've just expanded to takes
us right on well yeah that's pretty much
that's about it and here's a YouTube
channel of YouTube channels well are you
uploading every week
every day really haha
but it's crazy how we all met where was
it I think what was on story but then
like a bit crazy Claudia Bentley we all
just like started chatting and like and
now look we're here hanging out for two
weeks she's awesome stuff and South
Africa's cheese hey yeah I'm not telling
you guys what we're doing it you just
have to come along but we're doing some
insane things oh my god so we're just
chilling right now Nick just went to
work out what's it called process oh I
went to do some CrossFit but we are so
tired me and Brittany are trying our
hardest not to fall asleep I'm laid in
the their bed like the guest bed and it
is like amazing and I did not fall
asleep cuz we're trying out like this
yet like get us and try and get on the
South Africa time think we're doing
pretty well we're gonna go to the local
shops or mall and see if we can get some
more tank tops since the weather here is
just so fantastic you have a lot
actually but I need more
still weird that you're on the right
side those the guys to Mary yesterday
just a nice snooze
so this we've been here
so hunter tank tops I'm just trying to
figure out the prices here to for our
so apparently American dollars you
divide whatever the number is by 15 so
yeah these are our 100 so these shirts
are like six dollars each which is
pretty epic hi our um debit card was
denied we're out here in South Africa
and we were trying to pay for something
so I just wanted to see what the problem
was
what we are getting some dinner here at
the HUS our grill apparently this is
delicious you says amazing little
section what is this here deep fried
cheese kind of bad Mary it sounds funny
just sounds so American I know the only
one deep fried cheese yeah give me some
of that deep scratch she's missing mom
yeah okay so we all ordered chocolate
chili chili steaks what do you think
it's already your favorite goodness I
know you would never think to put
chocolate on steak but this is a very
good action these are smart people they
got a coupon and if they can't use it
this is just ridiculous
yeah well guys that's it for today's
vlog right after dinner me and Bernie
literally crashed in bed and we're just
so tired from all this traveling but we
are so happy to be here finally
tomorrow's vlog would be a little more
entertaining I think for you guys
because we're going to be doing some fun
activities we'll show you around their
property and just the adventure really
begins tomorrow just stay tuned and we
will see you again is then good bye I'm
sitting in the real life newscasters
chair how do you feel remind you of our
new skit yeah hoi
