Wow good morning everybody come on
Buford do something oh I have some bad
news some very very bad news that needs
to be fixed
I'm just I'll just tell you here is our
prank camera now as you know Justin left
for South Africa yesterday so we got his
clips for the video we're gonna upload
this week but the problem is we can't
find the charging cable for this camera
and when we were filming this camera
died so until we get a charging cable
there will be no footage I gotta go to
Best Buy
I'm gonna see if they have a cord that
will work also for Christmas
finally got one of these see my old
stereo it's a bit older so it has this
older connector see if this works huh
yeah yeah we are let's see what they got
as what I got it's a battery charger
all right the lady there also helped me
out by saying that this camera has a USB
that if you just plug in the USB it'll
charge the camera anyways so actually
have to get this but since we have two
batteries it might be helpful if ones
like in the wall charging we can film
now disaster averted nice day today for
lunch we have something especially
delicious leftover lasagna this is going
to be good look at that steam coming up
the guys Aaron what's up guys so we're
gonna go come some pranks we're
finishing up yesterday's video because
like I said the camera died and I'm
gonna get my clips so let's go here we
are in the library we're hoping there's
at least a couple people hey guys
they see you let's do it well we're done
filming there is only a couple people in
the library so hopefully we got enough
clips I'm gonna edit tonight and see
what we got
but thanks for helping Aaron of course
now you get a prize
what a 7-eleven snack yeah everyone's
going ham to get their lotto tickets the
whole parking lots full here thank you
great did you get your Powerball ticket
well good luck to you so that guy he's
the nicest man I think we've ever met in
our lives seriously he's just going out
of his way I don't think I feel like he
doesn't work there
he's just opening the door for people at
7-eleven we asked him if he had his
Powerball ticket already and he said
people have been trying to give him
tickets so I'm feeling like he's doing
this to get some free tickets not a bad
idea
it's working probably because he open
the toilet what yeah 7-eleven service
rock on I got a slim jim
what'd you get beef and cheese only it's
better because the slim jim with cheese
in a coffee cake and in Marley Mel oh
yeah wow you gotta check out this sunset
Wow I love it this is a good one tonight
folks
so in case you're wondering yes I did
get some lotto tickets because you know
just a couple dollars to spend not that
big of a deal if you get a chance to win
a million dollars so here's my ticket
imagined Aaron was saying he hopes no
one wins for three more weeks yeah
because I'll be 18 I mean buy one now
someone's gonna win tonight and if it's
me
expect some insane giveaways on more
Jase to just insane to me not to Aaron
what the lady said the drawings are like
nine but I don't know if that's Colorado
time or Eastern time but is tonight and
that would just be nuts whoever wins
that didn't mean that's like that is
what you call life-changing some people
say a million dollars is life-changing
well think about billion wasn't billion
dollars oh wow I saw some posts on
Facebook they're really kind of make me
laugh cuz they post their Powerball
ticket and then like a signed document
saying anybody that shares this post
they will share with them
the money if they win I saw like two
separate ones one has a 400,000 shares
on it I was like what does everyone at
Apple banana chips aren't very good you
know the gym leader yeah all right Mary
and I have left for the cruise I think
it was January 2nd so we didn't really
have time to take down on Christmas
decorations here's the tree and the
stocking man we had to take this all
down now the tree is very falling apart
he's very brittle
I'm sorry tree you might as well plug in
the lights one more time before we take
it down I mean why not there we go ah
it's a Christmas miracle all over again
whoa that looks cool and the camera
Christmas was fun I miss it already
I haven't even showed you guys this room
of the house yet whoa I got the green
screen in here the mini-fridge I'm
trying to make this like a fun little
studio room but I don't it's hard I mean
this room is so small there's not much
you can do in here and there's no light
so I gotta put the lights in here maybe
we can do some cool green screen action
on here you know be cool if like the
camera was up like this and you laid on
the green screen Oh that'd be cool
I'm gonna try that all right so I got
the camera on a tripod it's it's very
high it's maybe if I'm laying like this
maybe like I'm floating in space
whoa I'm floating in space yikes where's
my helmet or maybe I'm swimming we can
try swimming
you can run really fast well I guess
we'll see if any of that works but I
think it's a funny idea if it didn't
work this time we can rearrange the room
to make it work next time and there you
have it that's the studio room I'm sure
we can think of some cool activities and
fun things to do in that room how Mary's
home from school hey what are you making
how do you mean it but what is it it's a
kung pao chicken green beans whoa looks
good so Mary bought this windows stuff
window stuff
it's called window stuff you can buy it
at Home Depot yeah it goes on the
windows cuz it's like a sealant is that
correct yeah yeah cuz our windows here
leak really bad there's cold air coming
in and makes this room so cold it is
such a mess in here we're still trying
to put stuff away
hi we actually have our first overnight
guests coming to stay with us and that
person's gonna be staying in this room
so that's why we need to clean it up a
little bit that person's gonna be here
with us till Monday I don't know if you
guys can guess who it is but they're
gonna be here til Monday and coming
tomorrow night oh it's gonna be a fun
one it's that time guys good power ball
let's take a look
let's see if we get these numbers we'll
start with this one ten thirty one
thirty five forty to sixty two Powerball
eight nope 31 33 44 60 Powerball - no
six eleven forty - fifty one fifty nine
twelve no none of these match oh come on
man
oh well that was worth a shot I guess
but I'm sure it'll be in the news
somebody estel√≠ it wasn't that's all -
Mary we won the Powerball I was gonna go
to the gym with Aaron but Aaron said he
had too much homework to do so you
couldn't go to the gym so instead I
watched basketball and now I'm gonna go
to bed so yeah we'll see you guys in the
morning
you tired Buford ain't it boy alright
guys so this is the end of the vlog but
before I go this is basically gonna be
comment of the day but I'm going back a
few videos and I'm gonna read my
favorite stories of how the raft got in
the ocean let's start
I think the raft got there by floating
this man may be on to something
it's a raft from the Titanic that no one
ever found until now Andrew you're not
gonna believe this but that was me on
the raft I couldn't afford the ship fare
so I attached a rope to the back of the
boat and was being pulled along but some
jack knob kid came and cut the rope I
drifted back to Haiti and I'm writing
this message from my hotel there loved
the vlogs by the way by the looks of it
the raft appears to have been
constructed by the mysterious Dogu tribe
of the Brazilian Gulf Islands this group
of people are quiet but a fierce tribe
of warriors there is an ancient tribal
tradition that for the boys to be
considered a men the seven-year-old
child must circumnavigate
the world and bring back the right tooth
of a tiger
unfortunately this little lad came up
just a little short he later added this
may or may not be based on true events I
don't know if you guys heard about it
but they sent a monkey into space not
that long ago to do a few things anyway
as the shuttle was coming back into the
Earth's atmosphere the cockpit became
overheated ejected the monkey out and
the seat parachute initiated noticing
how fast he was going the monkey
realized he was going to do the worst
most painful belly flop ever if he
didn't do something so he pulled the
cord on his backpack that inflated a
raft and landed gracefully atop the
water that's how the raft got there the
monkey was still in there you just
couldn't see him because he was asleep
it wasn't a raft it was the top of
Atlantis
that's the raft from when Justin and
Andrew went rafting in a swamp June
eleventh vlog I think the raft got there
by meeting the goofs in the ho a galaxy
and they later teleported with cool
device that made it land in the ocean
but there was actually people on the
raft they are called going curse but
they are invisible to the human eye
you need a yellow bathing ball to see
them and I had that so I saw them on it
surprisingly they were not screaming for
help they were having a huge party with
their neighborhood friends and it seemed
to be a nice time I feel sorry for
Andrew Mary for missing such and
outstanding party but the going kurz are
tricky people peace and that's it for
stories thanks for watching today's vlog
guys I hope you had a fun time and we'll
see you guys next to him
bye Buford what are you doing and like
we like going to college libraries -
because college kids tend to be more
easy to break
you guys like you can't walk into the
library I'm sitting in the real life
newscasters chair
