good morning everyone Brittany and I are
up early today I guess it's not too
early
well for some people 7:41 we have to go
to the DMV the best place ever on earth
because we have to I think we have to
register our tags for Brittany's Jeep
we'll hopefully get that done quick it's
freezing outside I hope there's not a
line because I do not want to stand
outside
here we are there's some barely any
people here think the cold weathers got
everyone staying inside Wow that was the
fastest DMV experience I've ever had we
got in and out about ten minutes so yes
and as you can tell them all showered up
and ready for the day but I'm here at
Andrew's house want to know why because
Andrews home it's crazy because he just
got home I think yesterday or something
maybe today and me and Brittany leave
for South Africa tomorrow night so you
probably won't see me in a prank for the
next two weeks unfortunately but that's
okay we're gonna be doing the daily
vlogs and it's gonna be epic
also we receive these in the mail new
loot crate box so I think Andrew got
some too so we're gonna open them and
show you guys what that what they sent
us this time welcome home guys holy
craps he's back I'm here what do you
have here chicken yeah I know welcome
back to sucky weather so it looks like
Andrew brought back some snacks jerk
seasoning sounds good and Tortuga
Hellfire sauce and the pepper they used
in this one is the red scotch bonnet
pepper I just looked it up and it is
comparable to a habanero pepper it can
range from a hundred thousand three
hundred fifty thousand on the Scoville
scale but we will be the judge of that
because we have had habaneros so what
guys look
the ghost pepper plant is coming along
very nicely we have one two three four
things but this leaf got blasted by the
ouch
I don't know what happened so you will
be on this night so now that I figured
out that the peppers used in this their
Scoville units I want to know how much
this bottle how much their Scoville
units is so I'm calling their hotline hi
um my friend just brought back some
Tortuga Caribbean Hellfire sauce I just
wanted to know how many Scoville units
is in this bottle
like what's the Scoville unit of this
like sauce like a Scoville unit is a
like a measurement of how hot like the
heat is well I don't know how she
doesn't know what a Scoville unit is
what we have here is the jerk seasoning
on the chicken
no let's waste it with some sauce we
don't know how hot this is so I don't
know how much to do yeah we've never
experienced this before so we will find
out shortly mmm it smells good
it looks like raspberry sauce
yeah food has arrived food is all try
heat zero I felt something
yeah and he's a side of that but I don't
taste any too much heat when cooked on
the chicken but that's not got some good
flavor now it is time for the unboxing
sister oh yeah intro here we go
loot crate box unboxing good beat it oh
is that a shirt I think so it looks like
Christmas
oh it does what is this holy Michael
it's a can that looks like halo dude do
it yeah it is
halo 5 no way what is it there's a pair
of Star Wars socks
what ah bb-8 that is so cool
and a pops Han Solo in the snow here my
collection was up to tuna I have kylo
Ren and fossil they're both style with
killed ears Galaxy Quest emblem patch
and a pin oh you can put a jacket oh so
how is the lootcrate galaxy December
oh so this was the December box yeah oh
and if you guys want a discount there
will be a link in the description if you
want to try it out if you're into like
getting these boxes every month it's
like a subscription service they'll send
them to you guys every month they
sponsored this video and the video we
did back when we were in break
so thank you Luke crate for supporting
our channel and if you guys want to
support them or support us there's like
a discount code so check it out and have
fun I don't know why you would be socks
Wow do you guys think that's pretty cool
wish I had this when it was Christmas
yeah snowman well I can still wear it
even if it's not Christmas because it's
just epic Congrats
bb-8 now you have two pairs of Star Wars
socks you have the stormtrooper and
something else I can wear these on
Broncos game day yeah this little like
booklet that came with is really cool I
just found blue anime so they have
certain categories you can buy and they
even have stuff for your pets I think
that's so cool a toy a ball more toys I
really like what loot crate's doing
they're so creative
they even feature fans which i think is
very smart of them to do that and very
kind and courageous well guys we just we
had a bunch of fan mail and we just
opened it how do you feel not good why
can't tuck oh yeah ouch let me just show
you Elena a fan sent this to our peel
box - Ghost Pepper gummy and it's by our
mouths are still on fire my stomach is
starting to burn yeah I think you're
kind of saying why did you do this
please get out well you have to go to
the bathroom now uh-huh yeah but soon in
it we all heard what are we gonna do now
are we going to the peel box
yeah okay why well wait is female up
before this yeah oh I don't know because
a unique present in there ah I remember
not sure but we're gonna find out
we are at the post office now we have to
take a look and see if there's any
presence oh oh
this usually means there's a package
here's one 12:00 we got all the letters
folks there was no big box in one of the
fan mails it said that he was he
promised that he was sending us a
PlayStation 4 and that it would arrive
on Christmas but there's no PlayStation
here
but we just want to check anyways that's
okay say a random Indonesian sentence go
Z D by T V Horton yeah no more Aaron it
was back in the bogs folks oh yeah oh
yeah what is that do you want to try
maybe Nick wants to try to can't tell
rice for can't tell him what it is
though it's just a dumb it's not soap
it's an actual gummy bear you have to
guess what the flavor is spicy spicy
here let's what kind of spicy worse we
went through the same thing okay why
don't you tell me what kind of habanero
no that's ghost pepper
you've now experienced ghost pepper
powder in there impressed no it's good
good job Aaron you swallowed he did it
he's starting to cry though earring is
so dumb I reached into the bag and it
just fell out okay it's been five
seconds we come back here oh this part
wasn't on the ground seat okay just
leave it there and we can
right Aaron Aaron ruin Oh party over
your couch anyways we're playing Catan
this is gonna be epic
Andrew stop dropping him for Buford
drawl you dink ten I'm back home cuz
it's time for dinner it's 5 o'clock here
let's make us some chicken also what we
like to do is we really like this
organic alfredo shell is super good and
then I make spicy chicken cut it up and
put spicy chicken in the mac and cheese
look at that so what I use I've showed
you guys this before this is sweet Ian
Schulz misses chipotle sauce and then I
put some green chilies in here all I do
is kind of keep it on a low setting and
I've just been cutting it up making it
small and let it like soak in all of the
sauces and then it flavors the chicken
like perfectly and then you put this in
the water like yes see and it's almost
done well it's a night time now and we
are at Britney's parents house cuz we're
gonna play some games more board games
guys what game we playing Scattergories
well guys what's at the end of the vlog
today umm actually me Brittany have to
kind of go and get ready because we're
flying to South Africa and I don't have
time to do a bunch of comments but I was
just reading through the comments and
this comment said I feel like you were
putting too much time into the comments
of the day and not the vlog Thanks
I I definitely agree I guess
lately it's been we haven't been doing
too much so we haven't been vlogging as
much throughout the day but in South
Africa you guys are gonna get some long
vlogs I don't know if you guys have been
liking the long comments of the day but
I think I'll shorten them I think I'll
do like two or three comments maybe for
the next ones but if you guys are liking
them I'll keep definitely keep doing a
comment of the day but one day say that
thanks for watching today if you haven't
seen Andrews vlog he uploaded it today
as well so maybe after this go check it
out and we'll see you guys tomorrow
where we'll be flying to South Africa
goodbye yeah it is freezing I can't
really feel my hands my toes like fell
into the snow and I can't feel them
