well hi everybody welcome back to more J
school goodness gracious we things are
just changing over here and more dae-su
if you guys watched the last vlog Andrew
and Mary had their son was such a cool
vlog if you guys didn't see it seriously
go watch it so happy for them we are so
happy for them but today's vlog is
another life update kind of video
tonight it begins 2018 and so Bernie and
I thought it would be super fun to not
only celebrate 2018 but also to reveal
the gender of our baby we have no idea
if it's a girl or a boy we've had the
ultrasound and if you guys saw that vlog
the ultrasound lady she wrote the gender
and a card and we have given that card
to Nick and Abby oh so it's just
exciting times over here what do you got
right here bread well I'm just trying to
figure out like all the decorations and
yeah I think we're gonna just keep it
like really simple tonight but so
Brittany and I have already went to the
store to buy all the decorations and
basically the what we're gonna be doing
tonight so let's show you that footage
real quick we're at the store and we are
gonna get these so these are confetti
poppers and they have the girl and the
boy but on the outside you can't tell
which one it is and since we're doing it
on New Year's Eve on the countdown we're
gonna do the three two one and then
we're gonna pull the string and it'll
reveal if it's a boy or girl Oh we'll
get those get these buttons the glasses
the hats we are at the dollar store now
we're gonna get a few like decorations
for the house
you know blue pink would be cool have a
pink in blue water water pour but also
tablecloth
big plates so here we go get a good mix
of stuff got crowns buttons and glasses
so when people come over they can either
be team boy or team girl and we're gonna
see who is right if it's a boy or girl
so yeah guys leave your comments unless
you already know I can't I don't even
know what I'm talking this video maybe
already know but I'm going with teen
girl what are you going with Brit I
guess I'll go with team why I'm kind of
wearing both because I'm like in it but
obviously we don't care if it's a girl
or a boy but it's kind of fun to just
like you know play along a big I think
it's gonna be a girl like everyone's
like rooting but either way it doesn't
matter because a child is a blessing and
we're just so excited to be parents
still hasn't like hit me I think it's
hit more Brittany because obviously
she's the one carrying the baby but for
me I'm just sitting back where is this
child but we got these this is gonna be
cool so these are party table toppers so
we're gonna do half the table pink at
the table blue and then put all the
snacks here and stuff hey guys Nick here
Justin and Britt has entrusted us to a
big responsibility when it comes to
their gender reveal party by the way I
don't think Justin has introduced a be
on the vlogs yet this is Abby say hello
hey guys
so Abby and I have been entrusted to
hold the secret of the gender of baby
stew so we're gonna open up the gender
card right now Justin and Britt have no
idea what the gender is so yeah let's
open it oh okay so we're in pink because
we think it's a
yeah before we know there are a few
things we still have to get for this
party so we gotta go shopping you ready
ready all right let's go yeah this is
pretty cool we could put the pink plates
on this side and the blue plates on this
side so naked Abby just came over
because he's obviously filming some
extra things which you guys have already
seen but we haven't seen so they already
know the gender how many hours to me
yeah Brittney is desperate how desperate
are you Brett but you held surprises in
before for months so anyways we just had
to give him a battery real quick mmm
what are you doing as you saw we had
just make a quick pit stop to get a
battery it was very hard because Britney
and Justin just pry in for information
trying to figure out but we're not gonna
share we're headed to the store like we
said to get a few supplies we have this
idea we want to dress Daisy the dog up
in a shirt of some sort and then it's
gonna say big sister just because Daisy
is technically Justin and Brittany's her
child let's be honest so we figured that
Justin and Brett would like you know
that little detail that little surprise
so we're here at sprouts we need to get
a couple of things for the party I make
this buffalo chicken wing dip so I need
the material
for that I don't know do we need
anything else do you think next okay
we're in search for jalapenos
so that's a crucial ingredient by the
way guys we're making this begin while
not vegan I guess because there's
chicken but dairy-free I guess we're
headed into Petco right now and see what
they have maybe in the dark section hmm
oh but there's collars have you found it
styling pets oh yeah I will not fit
Daisy
they don't have plus size clothes Oh No
well we could just get her this little
reindeer thing we're weighing the option
with this because we could write well
the hood might be in the way but big
sister to perfect girl what do you think
good this is what we went for what you
doing now yeah cuz people come in from
over here and this is real the snacks
and stuff as you can see my beautiful
twirling colors good job
the dip is coming together Abbi is
shredding the chicken shred master yeah
this is gonna be so good we've
transitioned to Walmart because we're
doing a sort of like nice little frame
thing for the gender-reveal and the
sonogram just so Justin and brick can
remember it mmm
Oh what if we could print out a picture
of them too
okay let's do that all right guys we
found the photo kiosk here we need to
print out this picture so we can put it
in the middle of this Thanks let's see
oh look at those two so cute
everything is about setup I changed got
a blue my dad shirt got dad written on
the back I don't know if you can see it
and I got the pink so I think we're
ready
everyone's starting to come over I think
at like 7:00 and it's like 6:20 right
now Davi what team are you girl look at
that collar yeah
Brittany's doing the same she's got her
blue and pink clothes in there I'm so
excited
go back home we are going to now put the
photos in this photo frame let's see the
final product didn't didn't it's a girl
we are here it is party time
are you ready so ready I'm so excited we
got this dip on point that the president
hello there is the lady of the party
hello
there's the baby of the bargain
ladies all the food is here
tons of people are arriving atomic squad
over there oh nothing
ha but guys pizza buffalo dip look
breath holding the baby already
hey Brett who is this Riverland welcome
back to the books
happy birthday Julie Burnie mom okay
we've been playing games for a bit but
now it's time and Hannah what's your
guess
you see the way it twists with the
arrows you twist it Freddie
ten nine eight seven six five four three
two one
and then there were five
we got Abby Austin okay
and Nick everybody left in case you guys
miss me it's been a while y'all remember
ah come on now come on now but we were
gonna do the announcement at midnight
but everyone was kind of tired and
parents were like we gotta go to bed
guys so we're like fine we'll do the
announcement but here's the aftermath
but how do you feel now Brit yeah yeah I
don't know what to think anymore I'm
just so glad that we now know because we
can go you know get the room ready
get all the girl clothes and accessories
and girl things that Brittney knows all
about so yeah guys I that's why I'm Sam
just so happy and I can't wait for this
next step in life with a daughter it's
so cool Wow guys what a way to start
2018 I am still speechless so excited be
prepared for all kinds of vlogs
involving our new daughter me and
Brittany are already coming up with tons
of ideas for baby room and things we
want to get her and shopping and just
preparation for us as parents it's so
cool so and it's cool to know that we
get to share this part of our lives with
you guys and that you guys just are here
to support us Wow these past two days
have been full surprises Andrew Mary had
the baby we did the reveal our baby's
coming soon any final words Brit there
you go we will leave you with that God
loves you we appreciate you
see back in my
