good morning ladies and gentlemen boys
and girls kids of all ages welcome back
to more J Steve logs currently I am by
myself
walking downtown I'm heading over there
because today I'm helping Tyler shoot
all this like little short me him and
we're all just trying to get our reals
better for acting so we're just doing
some acting for fun so yeah I'll show
you uh I'll let them tell you guys what
we're doing but it should be pretty fun
I love coming down to downtown Colorado
Springs anywhere downtown is pretty
awesome honestly but I see that it's not
look so cool I was just thinking when I
saw that you'd be so cool to film like
an action thriller like up there because
there's like ladders and stuff and it
looks really cool that probably could
never happen because probably gotta get
some permits and they pod Agnel field I
had some here at Tyler yes Ian what are
we doing what are we shooting right now
we are making a video about New Year's
resolutions my character's idea is that
he's not he's gonna resolve to have no
resolutions just few things are stupid
no no not the character thinks it's
stupid not just yeah funny idea it's
like two pages so it's gonna be two
minutes and then he's shooting with this
what is this oh this Blackmagic pocket
Cinema Camera that's beautiful with the
gamble so let's do this we have moved a
little away from downtown because the
cars were getting way too loud it's now
by a quiet Church
second
if you haven't got the memory yet we
usually don't upload on Sundays so
that's why I'm like combining days right
now but I wanted to show you this is
Brittany's new video she made this cloud
she had we're working on it today but
isn't it insanely cool it looks like a
real-life cloud so she's doing some sort
of photo shoot is that right Sophie I
had loved this hey dizzy you want some
potato Stacey anyways we are about to
head over to my grandma's house cuz
she's wanting to cook food for everybody
today so kind of grandma we have made it
to Grandma's house and it smells so good
guys I don't have no idea what she's
cooking right now but mm-hmm and don't
worry
my mom's giving me a haircut today I
think she's bringing her haircut stuff
to give me her cut I think it's too long
just to be clear I'm not doing it just
because the comments say turn around I
bought something out her he has a
cockadoodledoo
I'm really starting a new you all right
guys I'm getting my hair cut finally I
want to see how long my bangs are yeah
oh my gosh
so yes all right I got a haircut it's a
little shorter not just like a trim plus
I'm a hat on so I haven't used any gel
or anything and just blew dry it so now
we're heading back home anything else
we're doing we're doing my little cloud
shoot finally we've been talking about
it for like videos and oh yeah so
Brittany is driving back home right now
and I'm just doing a periscope I'll put
it right here maybe you can focus it's
kind of dark but we're hanging out with
some folks
yeah hi blog yeah well this is what
we're doing right now but we're almost
home so gonna do Brittany's photoshoot
next we have to actually drive pretty
far just pull it up on a full tank 16
bucks yes please
all right we've made it to Black Forest
because we were doing her photo pretty
nice photo shoot now with the clouds
it's gonna be so perfect out here all
right Brittany's hanging up the clouds
hey looking so fabulous and then she's
gonna stand on this one I think yes
working with the Sun here because if it
goes down a little lower the trees are
getting in the way so we got to start
shooting
the only problem with these winter photo
shoots is it's freezing it doesn't look
that cold out honestly but in the shade
it gets very cold and this snow standing
and it gets cold but here's her setup
yeah pretty awesome I think I already
showed you guys but just this is so cool
looking good Brit
get a close-up of it yeah it is freezing
I can't really feel my hands my toes
like fell into the snow and I can't feel
them I'm so pulled out there guys you
have no idea but the shoot went well I
have to show you a preview that is
insane
yeah yeah yeah guys you have to see the
whole video on her Channel
it's when's it gonna be up for it
tomorrow
so yeah link in the description I missed
beauty mark yeah I updated it so you are
in this group
I had to get the blog camera there's
deer all crossing the road guard
alright see your breath there is it is
wild habitat he's wondering who's
filming them the whole squad this is
actually real-life squad cool squad and
gold CFR's
alright well it's uh coming near the end
of the night I'm here with Brandon
whatup guys and we're at Cinemark about
to see some new movies you know so what
we do and check out the new movies yeah
well guys that is it for today's vlog
but you know what time it is it is time
for
huh all right well let's let's jump into
these comments shall we
is it true that Justin smells like
mustard no I smell like ketchup actually
I think daizy is a secret spy for the
CIA you know what I've been thinking
that a lot lately too
Robert said um honestly I can't thank
you both enough I've been feeling down
lately but the one thing that makes me
smile is this channel love you guys
thank you bros well Robert just know
that we got your back and things are
gonna get better
just keep the positivity in your life
and find more reasons to be happy and
then you'll start to see that all the
puzzle pieces will start coming into
place and no matter what happens
everything's gonna be okay dear for
Justin I dare you to do five jumping
jacks and five push-ups while seeing the
VeggieTales or who is it that inspires
you the most in your life well that's a
good question you know I would
definitely say Steven Furtick has really
inspired me and really grown me in my
faith and Who I am as a person obviously
my parents have played a big role in Who
I am today my grandmother passed away on
Friday but thanks to you have been able
to think on the positive side of the
situation she had dementia for the past
several years and during her father she
was in severe pain although I miss her I
know that she is that her suffering is
over and that she is reunited with her
family in heaven you know it's it's
definitely I it's sad to hear that your
grandmother is gone but I love that you
are staying positive through it all I
feel like that's really important and
the way you ended it I think that's
really cool because it's so true
that her suffering is over and then
she's in she's in heaven Joseon can you
let Andrew know that I deleted the ball
on camera sure well I give Andrew a call
and let him know that right now
oh they did
I just wanted to let you know that
Cameron deleted the vlog camera yeah
yeah why did he do that I I don't know
but he just left a comment saying that
I'm not sure I'll have to ask him
Cameron what kind of footage was on the
camera oh I guess I'll see you later
well guys thanks for watching I was
gonna say last yesterday we were
actually I was chatting with Cody about
our new intro and logo so that's gonna
be coming tomorrow I think so stay tuned
I think you guys are really gonna like
it it's really simple and just cool so
come back tomorrow and we'll see you
then good bye
Wow they have these and this one is
insanely good Devine grape and Maki
Mohito have
