good morning everybody we're in a new
place today the Grand Cayman R up bright
and early oh I can see something today
we are gonna go snorkeling and rent a
kayak so obviously there will be some
GoPro footage but we have to go right
now let's go
Jeffrey Dahmer's interpreter
my shoes
right now they're having a three-point
competition on the basketball court I'm
gonna go up and try
did not win the three-point competition
I didn't do well the first round and
that just sabotage me the rest of the
other three rounds but that's okay it
was really fun now we're gonna do
another pseudo kuch allenge and tonight
is formal night again so we're gonna
have to dress up for that you guys will
be happy to know that I am today's shoe
Doku champion you're just too slow I
know I had it all done hahaha a couple
numbers cenotes pretty fun it challenges
the brain with numbers
let's see not only did I only bring one
pair of shoes which aren't night shoes I
only brought one nice out of it as well
so this formal night is gonna be the
same as last formal night it smells like
a fish market down here
it's like the aquarium what's happening
dad we're about to go see a show but
first a little casino action doubled up
our money from 20 bucks to 40 bucks holy
cow
once upon a time a comedy musical about
fairy tales we have a good spot for
dinner
what are spying on you guys the table 98
of the good table time for trivia here's
our team name the goof bag back in the
room and we have tomorrow's agenda also
we have swag Pig yeah man this that's
what I think he is he's like what up
you're so cute oh you just took his head
off so there's the main part which is
just so oh I see so you curl it like
this okay like this and then this one is
okay so it's like regular now we can
make him its warning now guys we didn't
really do too much yesterday we got back
on the boat we just kind of took a nap
laid around today we're in Cozumel
Mexico
but this is good news for you guys I get
two cool adventures in one blog and
how's that sound
we haven't actually landed there yet if
that's the right word docked
but we're going downstairs to get
breakfast at the dining room today
because we haven't done that yet Wow
we're pulling in now which hat do I want
to wear today
when a Broncos Colorado or Safari Safari
today's Mexico adventure isn't really a
water adventure so I'm gonna bring the
real-life vlog camera today there's a
lot of people waiting for adventures we
got to cruise ships right next to each
other if each ship has 4,000 people
this is 8,000 people coming off the boat
and you get on a ferry alright alright
this is a cool little boat
your friend driver okay the name of the
driver is Pedro this one is nowaday
we're here stop we're gonna go see the
Tulum ruins which is a Mayan temple of
the sorts I believe
we have these cool devices this is the
tour guide he's right there
his name is nacho you can put these on
you can listen to him talk about the
Bruins so if you touch this tree you get
a wish it's like birthday yes that's why
he was a scope of game right now
that'll really do by the church this is
the entrance nice wall this is called
lizard temple I just named it this is a
cool one Ruby's gone the front and wall
is gone but that one could've think
between those two central columns facing
the bigger upside down our tour guide
nacho told us this is the human
sacrifice temple I have the beach and
then right up here at the temple epic
it's kind of sex they don't let you
climb on the temples and ruins anymore
you you used to be able to they rope
them off to preserve them trying to
imagine myself as an ancient Mayan
living in this place
say your house is right there on that
platform and all these cool buildings
you're like all right tonight's activity
we have a human sacrifice who's coming
out Wow
nacho is also saying that the Mayans if
they got picked for human sacrifice were
actually really happy because to them
it's like they're getting to go to
heaven now
movies are places depict them like not
having a good time getting sacrificed
but actually really happy which I found
was pretty interesting here's the exit
it's about all for this place it's
really cool though it's nice to be how
this town as well to marry on the camera
against some nice pigs Mary is a picture
Kirsten she loves taking pictures and
alizarin see Mary's gotta get a pic I
was hoping we could recreate the Nacho
Libre scene where they're walking up the
temple and then get to the top and just
be very awkward time for lunch and then
a little bit of beach we're having oh
these are cool grabbing up like a
Mexican buffet this is so soft
making our way back to the cruise ship
and instead of swag Pig today we have
killed bunny so something I just
realized on our last stop is this row
the buffet is all the cultural food from
that stop yeah I know but this is cool
we got Mexican food we got say chips and
salsa if I had all the ingredients to
make a big plate ultimate nachos the
chips guac salsa meat this cheese fondue
a whole man who devoured that was good
you
main course Oh pepperoni how much I love
you it's like 11:30 now at night I'm
gonna go upstairs and see what this
silent disco is all about and in our
headphones
since the music is only through the
headphones you take them off and
everyone dancing looks so funny there's
no music yo yo go go go Wow yeah yeah
Wow
well forgot to film an ending so here we
are in the morning thanks for watching
today's video I hope you enjoyed it we
really appreciate you guys coming back
every day and watching the videos
today's our last day on the cruise but
we don't have any stops today so we're
just gonna be hanging out doing stuff on
the ship I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
