she just said it's cold out because it
is what the heck it's snowed this
morning and last night in Colorado and
I'm very upset because I don't want the
cold it says it's 24 degrees do you love
this cold I actually don't you excited
for South Africa we're talking our
friends over there and they said it was
a hundred and four degrees the other day
so tank top weather here we come anyways
me and Brittany are going to get some
lunch right now we still have money on
our diff cars so we're using that up and
then we got some errands to do get some
supplies for the trip take care of some
things seem like I take over a long time
with my videos so it's good like the
same one every day
yeah worry about that where you can that
to me and if you guys haven't subscribed
to Brittany's channel yet please go
subscribe it would mean so much to her
and it'd just be awesome if you guys
went supported what she does over on her
channel the link is in the description
click and subscribe
super easy and they'll see your new
video
we just got one bowl and split it look
how much food we have insane
and we got the sofrito which is a tofu
and it's actually so good you guys
should try it next time
tastes just like chicken we are now at
the mall and we're seeing if they have
any good deals on my tank tops and stuff
anywhere but that's why they might be on
sale you know guess we'll find out yes I
just got a new tank top for $3 a blue
one very good deal agent we have finally
made it to Mike's Tamra yes let's see if
they have some ghoul Steph I got
something guys and I saved money too so
I just got this selfie stick which was
20 bucks
and then I got the GoPro attachment
which this was seven months so much
better deal and same effect cuz they had
other ones for like a hundred and sixty
bucks doing a quick photo shoot in front
of this green thing
always taking photoshoot opportunities
here it is cold out though hey guys
so I literally don't know what the last
thing I've logged was it's 9:40 right
now yeah it has been one of those days
literally just relaxing I didn't upload
a vlog yesterday because as you can see
we didn't have enough footage but I did
upload the Hawaiian challenge Daisy do
you want some potatoes and I don't know
why I'm wearing a tank top and short and
these shorts are huge so I had to fold
them now I'm like Europeans I like that
and I'm just about to go to the grocery
store I don't know if I should go like
this should I you think I should it was
like 20 degrees
everyone in Colorado think who's the
idiot walking around on the tank top in
a short shorts that's true if you come
to Colorado you'll see a lot of people
and take tubs but it is so cold I need
jacket daggum snow well I'm in King
Soopers now because I want to get a
beverage that I am just in love with
lately
because I mean brainer gonna watch a
movie the best movie by the way I've
been wanting to buy it but I don't want
regular I want blu-ray and Best Buy was
out of it
bein ways I bought Britney it's perfect
to for Christmas so that's what we're
watching it
okay so lately we've been really into
kombucha and synergy is her favorite
brand
this is actually Britney's favorite
flavor it's a raspberry Chia and the
best thing about these is that the
ingredients are just kombucha this one
for instance is raw chia seeds and
raspberry juice and they are they're
gluten free vegan non-gmo and organic
and this stuff's actually super healthy
for you like if you're getting sick or
anything and has got a lot of good
bacteria that'll fight off the bad
bacteria that makes you sick but my
favorite thing is you come over here to
the alcoholics section and they have
these
and this one is insanely good Devine
grape and Maki Mohito I've had these
actually I've had these three all of
them are fantastic but this one's
probably my favorite you may be
wondering why these are in the alcoholic
section and you might Justin's drinking
alcohol oh my gosh no the government has
to regulate alcohol percentage and I
think this has like over 0.5% alcohol
it's so little alcohol that they have to
under law but yeah these are just
insanely good
it says contains alcohol but this is
actually good for you alcohol like this
stuff very bad for you nothing in in
like this cup of drink is beneficial for
your body or system it's just got sugar
and then like beer turns into sugar
which you know it's not good for you but
this oh yes
kombucha grape juice and peers
yes so if any of you are of age I dare
you to try this like insanely good the
only downside is that they're $4 but
think of it as like a super juice it
almost every time I get those kombucha
that you have to have your pH restricted
like that to check that you they the
people checking my ID have no idea what
that drink is like what are you getting
some medicine like no just kombucha
right what is that oh yeah one more
thing before I forget she was like can
you catch a buzz off that drink I'm like
definitely not she's like oh man and
then after she said that I was like I
screamed dad and then she turned around
it was like what thoug and then I
accidentally slipped and fell and landed
on my back and set off my buttocks and
then she started screaming and ran away
but then I said ma'am it's okay it's
just a prank and then she's like all
thank God I was about to call the cops
and then she gave me a free tangerine so
that was pretty cool
yes
maybe one day I can be in one of these
movies buy them well guys been watching
today's vlog
it was fantastic having you guys come
along and hang with us today
but now it is time for so many great
comments and some random comments so
many funny comments I don't even know
where to begin to be honest the positive
comments you guys have been leaving just
for everybody in the comment section who
are watching these videos these first
two comments here to anyone reading stay
strong look up and stay amazing and have
a great day beautiful Josh that was so
just nice of you and then Andrew said
good morning everyone started my date
with Jason who is the best hope everyone
has has a great day or evening I think
that's really cool you guys are just
being so friendly to each other
Justin please give us your best dance
moves
just a serious question I'm usually a
very negative person I can't look at the
positives in life it seems like it just
takes one small negative thing to get me
down on myself for the rest of the day
how do you continually stay positive no
matter what I would definitely say you
know there are so many negative things
in life and every day honestly can be
filled with negativity but you have a
choice every day to choose if you want
to be positive or negative whether your
situation is actually negative or if
it's positive even if there is a bad
situation that comes up in my life
you know I can choose to be upset about
it but everything happens for a reason
and I feel like you can turn a negative
situation into a positive situation just
by having your mindset switched you need
to learn to fill your brain with
positivity because I'm telling you it
makes everything so much better
you have the choice so just do it just
do it how do you build a successful and
positive Channel I want to make a
channel that will make people happy and
make them feel good of themselves if you
want to build a successful and positive
YouTube channel you just do it in
whatever you do on YouTube people will
realize what where your heart is and who
you are as a person I would just focus
on having fun it whatever you do when
you do start uploading on YouTube
because that's what's most important if
you're just uploading it for the money
and you get bored doing it and you're
never gonna get anywhere but if you have
fun doing it and Matt said I've been a
fan of your page since you've uploaded
those syndrom videos that's insane
those were some of the first videos
we've ever uploaded on YouTube watching
the vlogs and liking them has become a
daily routine in one I don't regret it
one bit
it's like you too are a part of my life
we have never met thanks for your
longtime support Matt we appreciate it
I literally went back to our very first
video on this channel
and the very first comment on that video
and it looks like Ethan the dog was the
very first comment on this channel so
congrats Ethan I just thought how do I
tell you guys about that just in the
nature you guys are like my heroes if
you guys haven't came in my life I never
knew the beauty of break the happiness
we feel to laugh out looking up in the
air sometimes by looking at your videos
your blogs I feel my life changes I feel
even we are far we haven't met but you
guys stay in my heart like my best
friends of all times but make me feel
you are living within myself it's an
amazing feeling without you guys my life
is incomplete I can't sleep properly
without watching
videos which you upload every day I can
fail in the class but I will get a full
score if anyone questions anything about
your prank videos smiley face take care
of God bless from Raja Krishna power Wow
well guys that's it for all the comments
thanks for leaving comments on the vlogs
lately I love looking through them all
and we got four more days till we go to
South Africa I'm so excited for vlogs in
South Africa we got some great plans I
know you guys are gonna love so yeah I
guess we will see you guys on Monday
enjoy your weekend and stay happy cuz
you can go bye
mom people on the blog don't like my
haircut I think I need to get a haircut
what yeah can you give me your cut
