hey guys welcome back to more Jase - I
am here with you can tell excited he is
about this challenge I've allocated with
Alison's adventures chief McIlwain
and I'm done there grinning from PN
around the world and today we are here
in Hawaii on the road to Kentucky
adventure so we wanted to do some sort
of Hawaiian challenge with a real-life
Hawaiian what do we do today oh there's
plenty the holiday Hawaiian may be this
much of Mesa wide we are going to
challenge you to eat some super gnarly
Hawaiian foods that I wouldn't touch
with a ten-foot pole in their raw state
so let's give this a whirl I'm going to
show you where they're at alright let's
go so the first thing I'm gonna
challenge you to eat is called
noni and it's also known for having a
smell of rotting skin Fisher I wish the
viewing audience I cannot smell that
this is aloe vera also one of the most
nutritious things you can eat but it
tastes like well you're gonna find out
ah there you go so this is a keeper lime
tree they use this in a lot of Thai
foods it kind of looks like a wrinkled
old lemon or lime and you're about to
find out what it tastes dawn bananas
this is what you are going to eat with
the peel on it's normally the best thing
you can actually eat no I challenge you
to eat it so first we're gonna start
with the kefir limes whole finger bite
the half with the meat and the skin and
the skin we're on the line I bring in
the next fruit position grab your
bananas one two three not bad thank you
really thank you this is better than the
water it's very soft do I need a fly
peel it you need to just all right we
have some aloe vera it stains down here
I've only put this on my skin it's great
for sunburn but apparently tastes like
tar or something you need to bottom part
of this part right here you see that and
you just kind of cut
sections of it like oh god no oh I was
like swine okay oh come on 1 2 3
I swallowed it too smart not that bad
did you chew it
I screwed it and I swallowed you guys
good I chewed up and swallowed it and
the banana it's better this is the
rotting flesh in a fruit Oh how do we
cut this ah you get to cut this one done
Justin this is all you bad all you
yeah just nothing usually good it yet
let's just smell it now it's an alien
fetus we all have to hold our nose with
you know like vomiting the same time
don't barf on me please I don't think
what
two three
Oh ain't a dirty sock and then here you
want some good you want a banana
Thanks I don't think we had enough all
right dog time in here we gotta go back
frats ooh oh it's so bad
meet over the edge hawk please give this
video a thumbs up like it was 10,000
likes and check out all their channels
links will be in the description you'll
survive crying I don't think I'm ever
gonna make a youtube video we'll see you
next time thank you guys for watching
