good morning everybody we're gonna use
the GoPro for today's vlog so let's go
we're in Haiti right now
we're going let's take a look
only beans is warm out here Labadee
we're right here and we want to go over
to Columbus Cove they got some fun stuff
whoa is this tram station is this drop
you off there
you will be playing on these found a
good spot in the shade now it's time to
do this aqua park yeah you'll see how
long the water is first that's fine I'm
just saying I'd come oh this looks so
cool though we are secured yeah we're
coming okay yeah
all our times up we only got one hour
but that was super fun okay we didn't
make it on the ball too hard getting in
the water now with the goggles am i
wearing them first yeah
to see what we can see Mary's making fun
of my hair I've got hair you hear me
when I talk underwater okay what I say I
said hey guys well I try to lunchtime I
have a free cookout here these cabanas
are really cool did you pay for them oh
man that's pretty cool when I got Mike
on the rocks I also have a sweet zipline
see if you can see the guy coming down
walking back to the ship now shower get
changed and then do some other stuff on
board
oh yeah maybe some souvenirs all
showered up we're going to head back out
to see if there's any cool souvenirs you
want but we need to be back on the ship
at 3:30 otherwise we're leaving without
us and it's 130 brought sunglasses this
time when it first came out it was so
bright I was walking with my eyes closed
I couldn't even open them pavement was
reflecting it into my eyeballs
I wish the music fellas wrong iTunes no
he's got the coming in slow like her 50
do you I think you're gonna break it
yeah you can found the critter I think
oh what it is oh it's like one of those
starfish can to the name but he's here
found this cool rock place there's the
ship did you guys know Mary went on a
missions trip to Haiti who's nice in
this you were helping out we're just
enjoying the Sun Sun for my freshman
year high school so you're almost in
high school yeah Wow Mary also went on a
missions trip to Africa man
I'm really jealous of you oh sorry
quick little paint job always nice it
smells like paint huh oh that's perfect
he tried back on the ship you got our
ice cream cones so good some kid
yesterday was like double fisting ice
cream cones chocolate and vanilla swirls
I don't here's two desperate for one of
each and double fisted we're gonna try
ice-skating this is gonna be if it ever
mind
we're gonna go outside maybe shoot some
hoops first because the first session of
skating is full to come back at four
we got our safety gear on safety safety
see my skating ice skating ice skating
you ready so hope I don't fall 20 cold
never been ice skating and a tank top
before we're not allowed to skate with
the camera but he said I could put her
right here
you
the ice rink is on the third level which
is pretty down low here I think we could
cliff died at this distance yeah while
it's moving to more fun tougher snack
some pasta and I think that's coleslaw
yeah would you get some fruit and ribs
hey Rick
it's so cool that we're going to be in a
different Island tomorrow and then a
different place after that and a
different place have to go so close
together awesome
tonight's activity there's a mid magic
show never been to like a magician magic
show before so this will be really fun
strawberry bisque where you have no
garlic soup yeah
this is a pretty good I must say for
some reason the boat keeps shaking you
guys see this it's shaking my soup well
Mary fell asleep it's about 11 o'clock
and I have some quarters left over from
blackjack so I go down to the casino and
try that coin machine see if I can win
some quarters or whatever
let's try
I got close to being able to get that
$20 bill in that machine I put one coin
in it got like a big load of quarters
that have been so fun but that's okay
that was fun that's the end of today's
vlog
thanks for watching tomorrow we're going
to be in Jamaica yeah man really fun
activities planned for tomorrow so don't
forget to come back tomorrow I'll see
you then bye
