good morning ladies and gentlemen
welcome back to blogs how you doing
it is and it's what is it 9 am not too
early at all actually
but anyways we are here over easy for
some breakfast we still have some money
left on our gift card and we have some
friends that some of you may recognize
they're coming through Colorado today so
we're just getting some breakfast with
them
we knew it is
guys look who arrived it's on a pallet
you're right what are you guys doing
here
and you're going we're going to Vegas
and then please go and
nice country yeah well thanks for
joining us for breakfast welcome to oh
wait you got a president here as well
right guys he does piano around the
world member guys I'm free piano go
check out his future channel in the
description we do in picture description
and I never do yes you do Bernie's
channel in the description three two one
you all were both off not good at all
you win hero you win cheek well just
exporting today's prank since it's
Wednesday for us it's the worst prank it
is I don't know if you guys saw it but I
hope you liked it like I've said
previously sorry for if our pranks have
been slacking lately so it's all this
travel and new year we've been a little
busy and it's kind of hard sometimes
coming up with pranks is difficult I'm
not gonna lie but yeah just thanks for
sticking through and coming back and
watching these vlogs all the videos are
up now thank goodness and we are on our
way up to the cabin Britney's parents
cabin and Daisy's coming with us
how you doing Daisy you excited
we made it and Brittany's dad has been
waiting out here for us to let us in for
like half an hour you just said yes sir
right there this beast
who's glad were here we've been driving
for like two hours
alright so obviously we're at the cabin
it's 11 p.m. now we just got done
watching Jurassic world eating some food
hanging with Daisy but now it's time for
bed
so good night
well good morning guys it's a fabulous
day up here at the cabin let's take a
look outside nice and snowy so we're
gonna about to go ride some snowmobiles
and that's when I got the goggles on
got my warm jacket it's gonna be very
fun morning but sorry Daisy you can't
come with us you have to stay in your
cage yes it's time to shoot some guns
get some gun lessons but from Britney's
dad I don't know but you're out of
control well guys it's time to head home
now didn't vlog much up at the cabin cuz
first of all we were snowmobiling yes
freezing couldn't even like hold
anything and yeah just spend some time
with the family but ever got a little
Drive back home
well we are back home guys and it's a
little late it's like 7:30 now and I was
looking at all the comments like I
always do and I just got to say I am
spending way too much time reading all
these comments I wish I could answer
every single one of these comments but
maybe we'll have to make a separate
video reading the comments but
oh by the way Wow question for Justin
what is your favorite memory of your
childhood and why is it your favorite
it's kind of hard for me to pick a
specific memory because me and my family
have went on so many vacations to
different states that I can't pick just
one we've been to tons of national parks
but yeah I'd probably have to say
childhood vacations with my family today
is my second year anniversary watching
you guys that is so epic bro you guys
should do a huge Q&A with the whole
squad
Justin ager Brent berry and Aaron I
think that would be a very good idea and
very fun idea do you guys like that idea
looks like we have a more serious
question this time comment so I dated
this girl for 13 months and she ended up
cheating on me it's been three months
since she broke up with me and I miss
her so much
I'm struggling to get over and I want
her back but I don't think she wants to
come back and she cheated I love this
girl I look at you and Britt and how
happy you are and I kept hoping she and
I would end up like you too so my
question is how do I mend a broken heart
or how do I get her back well it sounds
to me like you guys weren't meant to be
because if you were I feel like you
should have a girl in your life who's
going to be loyal to you and not do
something like cheat on you because if
she's gonna be cheating on you now what
do you think is gonna happen
down the road if you guys keep dating
you know and don't get down to yourself
because there is a girl you are supposed
to be with okay your vlogs are a breath
of fresh air there's so many negative
YouTube videos out there but yours
always fun and light-hearted Justin
Brittany and
marry Aaron and everyone else in the
vlogs you guys are seriously awesome
thank you so much for that comment you
know I feel like a big reason why we do
what we do on YouTube is for comments
like that and I feel the same way there
are so much negative nonsense on YouTube
it's frustrating and we wanted to be
that channel that anybody can come to of
any age babies and grandpas
are you happy Brit that's happy too
Justin if someone were to steal your
vlog camera what would you do
dad Justin you need to get a haircut
hello mom people on the vlog don't like
my haircut I think I need to get a
haircut
what yeah can you give me a haircut
yeah very soon okay I was just reading
through some of the comments on YouTube
in Karla Mendoza said Justin you need to
get air a haircut with two exclamation
points and there are five thumbs up well
guys that's it for today's vlog thanks
for watching thanks for leaving all the
comments like I said I'll maybe do a
separate video reading all the comments
and mom is there anything else you want
to say to the fans and we'll see you
guys tomorrow
good bye know she's got a new phone guys
just like that
this is fantastic they're covering our
cost over at Verizon
