good morning everybody we are doing I'm
so proud of that dress holy cow we are
going to tmobile and it's crazy because
yesterday we went to Verizon and we were
talking with some friends and we got
gypped Verizon is so expensive so we're
heading over to team oval to see enough
what the deal is if they can offer us a
better deal because we're paying alpha
but at Verizon I don't know if you can
see just exhibition shadowing is a
little weird in the car but yes
basically we which realize how much we
were paying and so now we're going to
t-mobile start the day off right
made some smoothies okay this is really
good what you put in it some steel-cut
oats peanut butter almonds we correct
banana you know just stuff that you
really need
okay I really want one of these the
Mophie case it charges your body a
hundred percent but it's $80 maybe dad
will get this for me
Britany how do you feel I've had two
bones in the past like days this has
been so easy guys it's insane to new
iPhone 6s she's got a new phone guys
just like that yeah this is fantastic
they're covering our cost over at
Verizon so they're paying everything so
we don't have to pay any cancellations
or anything and then also we don't have
to pay our phone bill for like a couple
months it's insane
yeah we've literally just got this is a
64 gig iPhone 6s and before I just had
the iPhone 6 16 gig and we didn't pay
anything this is insane I don't get how
it works but we are now a part of
t-mobile and I am so happy I've been
talking with Cody about switching cuz he
just switched over t-mobile and so he my
parents rushed over and it just helped
inspire us to switch over so it's a bad
thing
currently I am back at the face place we
went to last time and because I'm
getting a chemical peel again just
trying to make my face better and so we
have a we set up another appointment
here and this is my second one so we'll
see how it goes last time it ruined
pretty bad
oh I think these peels like take 30
minutes so see you in a second well all
done my face I felt like I was on fire
got like a chemical peel or something we
bought some new products as well because
they just give us some samples of stuff
so we actually have this so I'm excited
to get everything better obviously it
takes time it only gets worse before it
gets better but I accept
me
sexy by nature are serious exam
we are at King Soopers now because we're
getting a quick beverage because we're
going to be chilling in the jacuzzi
color and Beth are coming over think
they're in here alright and then we're
going to see a movie later dad
Jacuzzi down that's what we do yes
they're gonna open it up oh sorry this
is just fantastic how do you feel teller
yes I know it's wonderful how do you
feel God Becca yep
it is phrasing what guerdon said do you
have anything motivating or inspiring
this Oh inspiring to say to anybody
everybody just do it don't let your
dreams be dreams yesterday you said
tomorrow so just do it
excuse me no just on the tip drink milk
instead of water it helps more
yep
what's the beef
what the beat what what the beep what
Odegard beeps no more sugar all right
cool
so obviously it's the next day but it
doesn't mean it's the end of the vlog it
is time for cue the intro when you open
up a box who do you call
the unbox system
yeah I know we haven't done in a while
that intro was incredible by the way
thanks for saying that to us bro
Brittany received a package in the mail
it's from Beverly swimwear so I thought
I'd open it for you okay what that Brit
I guess I have to be good now what is
this little thing hair definitely a
swimsuit oh it looks like granny panties
yeah they do with that granny page and
then here's a high-waisted so they look
really really ridiculous oh but when you
hold them where's the top that's not how
you hold it how do you put this keep
trying if you're not like a girl you're
not gonna realize see but no they go all
the way up there so then so it's classy
yes
so it's classy and modest and it's
high-waisted but when you hold them up
like that
they look like serious granny panties
yeah but after doing a quick assessment
of these the products feel very nice
it's very like soft and stretchy so your
body can easily move in this swimsuit
Daisy get out of trash good so um
Beverly swimwear you are impressing me
with this swimsuit I won't be ever
wearing it but if I were to pick if I
were to pick this up for my wife which
it is for I would approve of this thanks
for watching the unboxing sisters today
okay now it's time for
left a ton of comments on yesterday's
vlog so let's get right into this do
birds pee in the air do birds pee in
general I've just realized I've never
seen a bird pee these questions need to
be answered Justin I send you on a
mission to tell us the truth about this
I can absolutely tell you the truth
about this basically mammals remove
excess nitrogen by removing it from
their bodies into a dilute solution
which then stores it in their bladder so
this is more metabolically costly but it
saves more water and wait for the bird
and since birds don't have a urethra
everything comes out of there but there
is no pee so I hope that answers your
question Justin what happened to the
intro of your vlogs I like it well have
no fear we're actually working on a new
intro right now with Cody and that
should be done within a few days and
we'll definitely have an intro for South
Africa so yes
stay tuned intro sketch Justin I have a
serious question can you ask Daisy if
she wants potatoes okay
hey Daisy dizzy you want some potatoes
do you want some potatoes Daisy
do you want a potato Daisy do you want
this potato Daisy okay get back potato
can you help me find dad
sure hey Dad
yes I found you found me what do you
mean found me I've been looking for dad
I just haven't been able to find him oh
you found them - Justin what's your
education do you have a job Oh than
youtubing my education currently is
nothing I went to Colorado film school
and studied acting for like two years
but I've never finished college and I
don't plan on finishing college because
I don't want to go to college Daisy stop
and do you have another job no this this
is my my job making youtube videos has
become a job which a lot of people don't
know or understand but yes anybody can
make a living by making YouTube videos
it's your passion and something I want
to do you can make money you can make
money doing what every walk is so don't
ever let anybody tell you that you can't
do anything because you know what you
can't do something and Daisy if you
don't stop with the bottle you can do
whatever you want in life yeah so go
after your dreams of the Stuart cause I
believe in you and you should believe in
you
Wow the new prank is up by the way so if
you guys want to go see it that'd be
cool but I guess we'll see you guys
tomorrow have a great day
goodbye we've ran into a fan what's your
name man Justin so what a good name it's
great to meet you how long you been
watching few months now well thank you
so much for watching anything you
