what is up guys hope everyone is doing
fantastic today guess what today
probably guessing will be the big day
baby is coming we think we're not
exactly sure but it's it's here so we
need to do all of our preparations and
one of those things we got to do is pick
out the baby's first outfit
so actually I'm gonna show you the
closet first come here so here's the
nursery basically all set up ready for
baby Bob yep not that comfy but sorry so
here's the closet full of clothes
we have many outfits yeah look how many
clothes we got only these ones I like
this one though because it looks like a
sports player Mary picked one out let's
take a look what do we got
it says hi hi
and then also got little little shoes
Broncos hat to match his socks and a
little bear a little bear big big big
Dana get it yeah
so these clothes will just just fill up
with a kid so we've been doing some
stuff trying to get the baby active
contractions get them going so went on a
run this morning
have you felt anything since nothing
okay so what are we gonna do next we're
gonna go with though you eat spicy food
oh you having a green chili burrito so
spicy food you're gonna try raspberry
tea we heard raspberry tea can maybe get
the party going sooner so I might go try
that you want to go try yeah we got pack
heart to go bag
we can you say kevie you have a Chrome
on your forehead come here guys check
out Kevin's new collar check this out so
when he's playing outside you click the
button and look it's flashing so he
doesn't get lost
yeah you just disappear in the darkness
when we're playing outside chocolate
yesterday was actually the baby's due
date and we were gonna try and do this
stuff yesterday where we get like all
the contractions stuff going sooner pack
our bags and all this stuff but then
Kevin and Buford decided to be little
dummies and one of them guessing it was
Kevin we had this giant chocolate bear
that we got for a present and it was on
the counter and they got it off and they
eat the whole thing so we had to take
him to all right Kevin we had to take
you to the vet dark chocolate take you
to the vet at the vet they made them
throw up to be safe how was it yeah oh
yeah it was terrible huh they made you
throw up and oh yeah it was a bad day
yesterday so now we're doing that stuff
today
here's baby's car seat wow it's so small
yeah there's the car seat base how are
you guys gonna fit back here with a car
seat uh-huh especially you you're still
growing mimimi mimimi mimimi
this is the raspberry tea let's see what
happens
higher key to hot Wow
all right here's the deal team it's
seven o'clock and heavy slobbers so Mary
is supposed to get induced tonight which
means that they they make you go into
labor and we called to get a room and
they gave away the last room so we have
to call back at 10 o'clock and it's only
7 o'clock now so we were hoping it going
to 8 so we got to wait a little bit
longer it could be sooner but we've got
all of our stuff packed up baby bag our
bags and blankets you know so I think
right now we're gonna take the dogs to
the parents house cuz they're gonna
babysit well we go in deliver a baby
well it is almost midnight so we were
very tired but guess what at the
hospital
yeah well here's our room guys
you say you thought you maybe are
feeling something look at the baby
roller tired
I do some Jews I'm trying to wake up the
baby he's coming tired right now as well
you've finished both your juices good
job you guys are just in sync so this
guy's is a contraction in progress
we've got mom here now mom is an expert
so glad to have her on the team it's
almost 2 a.m. and it is just about 6:00
in the morning and Mary do such a good
job
guess what baby is almost here almost
ready to start doesn't pushes so
so we have the rest of the family here
it is almost go time she came prepared
so you cut right in there yeah quiet
baby nothing around here you go got it
looks comfortable though yeah you know
way better on that he likes it well it
is almost 10:00 in the morning all of
our family has gone home they'll
probably come back later so we're just
chilling right now pretty tired
we're he's pretty tired as well
man baby delivery is quite the
experience
it was I didn't even know what happened
our baby boy is don't we can't remember
what room he isn't what's it called NICU
what's that stand for okay you don't
intensive care unit because he has some
liquid in his lungs
so they're trying to get that all out so
he can breathe on his own so he's over
there we should get an update and about
probably three hours now we haven't even
told you his name yet we'll do that soon
so keep watching
well yeah also we have to be at the
hospital for 48 hours we got here at
midnight and baby was born at 7:30 on
the dot so fairly fast for being honest
so good job almost a full day at the
hospital today we are having dinner just
order some room service yeah almost so
once we finish the dinner then baby more
feeding so yeah good morning last night
we kind of just fell asleep because we
were very tired did you have a good
night sleep Mary good but today we're
probably gonna have some visitors you
also get to fill out his birth
certificate that'll be fun I guess we
can tell you his name now since we
haven't told you yet are you ready
his name is Barrett or Bear for short so
berrak bear baby bear whatever you want
as his name I think we really told you
but he's been in the NICU which is like
the intensive care unit because when he
was born he had like a little tear in
his lung and he has some fluid in it so
he's been over there this whole time
just you know he was on oxygen which
they actually took him off oxygen he
spent the night there he has an IV which
is helping him with some nutrients so as
soon as he is off the IV he can come in
the room and hang out with everybody but
yeah and I brought some entertainment
but I'm so excited because I didn't know
rocket League was on the switch and this
is just so much fun yeah oh oh yeah guys
being held my mama his baby his lip is
all red because he had the CPAP machine
on have a few new visitors today
hey Brittany and I just saw baby but Wow
what where's Dee - it's like it's hard
for me I get like so emotional - first
of all Mary's in the woman who gives
birth she's like a super woman like
Wonder Woman
yeah and then I don't know the only baby
I've ever held is my close friend
Todd Rebecca and like seem like a
newborn so this is like the second time
I've seen like as soon as he's off an IV
and we can only hold him and stuff his
favorite game guys Lego Star Wars yes
lego star wars you really like this oh
whoa what's his name come on don't let
us down qui-gon jinn right sorry if this
vlog is sort of jumpy just from my wish
that this to that but we just got some
great news that Barrett is good to come
to our room and he's actually here right
now
there he is
enjoy what Oh what he's thinking about
right now he's all good with everything
that's going on his tear in his lung his
blood Sugar's looking good so I think
we're on track to go home tomorrow
in the morning I don't know about in the
morning but sometime tomorrow I think
we're gonna go home
oh we got this really fun DVD we have to
watch this is a classic The Crying baby
DVDs and food and chill so hit play I
want to watch this thing oh right
PJ's chick-fil-a wife and baby football
Wow
somebody's getting hungry but look he's
got his first piece of clothing on Wow
well time for diaper see ya
good morning again we are just finishing
up breakfast it's looking pretty good
pancake get some french toast come on in
it's like a cyborg that was the hearing
test people they came in did his hearing
test he passed which was good because
they did it yesterday and he did not
pass so I'm glad you did some studying
you know over the night got prepared for
your test
unfortunately they said he's not able to
go home today so I had to spend another
night at the hospital he what's going on
this is what he's got going on right now
he has to hang out in the blue light
this tanning bed basically his goggles
on because he's at risk for jaundice is
that correct
this light is helping reduce the things
that cause that and he was on at all
last night but it's still not his levels
are still kind of high so he has to do
it again tonight and then should be able
to go home finally I wanted to end the
vlog with us going home with him but
it's just yeah we're spending more time
here so I'm going to end the vlog here
just thank you guys for watching and all
your support and are you feeling okay
yeah
memories feeling good baby's almost 100%
I'm also very tired but that's ok if you
guys have any questions be sure to leave
those in the comments because I'm sure
maybe I didn't explain what's going on
at certain parts or anything you guys
want to ask I'll read through them super
excited it's very weird that we are now
parents let that sink in for a second
god bless guys I'll see you here next
time goodbye
Barrett say bye to vlogs
by everybody
