hey good morning everybody it's a great
morning over here at the Stewart
residence we are cooking some food got
some chicken some pasta it's gonna be
absolutely delicious hey Daisy
busy say hey to everybody see ya hey
guys it's about that time again do some
prank and Brittany's helping me out
she's filming is her first time filming
a prank are you nervous
well there's like literally nobody here
I'm wondering if it's still a break I
don't know just hard to know yeah and
it's kind of cold so we're just moving
huh yeah and I'll take your jacket yeah
I know I'm a little more cold but that's
pretty
anything for the lady no I grab butter
Brit brought her camera so we're going
on more more photo shoots and we like
this blue wall so it's very colorful
getting some cool shots here seems like
a perfect background for it looks so
good like that's perfect for what is it
like I had shots for acting or something
yeah moving on we found a different wall
when it comes to photography it's all
about the walls guys
ain't that right mass photographer yes
so this wall looks normal from this way
but then pretty cool coffee everybody is
wanting coffee today there's even a cop
in line he can't see me on the other
side it was funny see you can see the
cop in line Wow so typical of him to get
a coffee and throw nuts actually he's
not getting doughnuts but I don't even
know why I'm filming this to be honest
because everybody's allowed to get
coffee what am i doing I'm gonna see if
the guy inside wants to vlog maybe
you'll want to be coffee vlogs
oh snap show me
appreciate it
of course crew says you guys have a
great day well he didn't want to vlog
because he said he doesn't think he's
allowed to really brow but we just got
mochas with almond milk
I shouldn't tell we're in Walmart now
Britney's getting some more arts and
crafts for her next photo shoot it's a
lot of cotton you got there I know it
exciting you making the switch Brit
I have Verizon and she's finally joining
me because her mom has a teen teen they
dropped her all right so we've been in
Verizon for like an hour
how you feeling breath it's okay we're
still not even done yet but we've ran
into a fan what's your name man Justin
what a good name it's great to meet you
how long you been watching a few months
now
well thank you so much for watching
anything you want to say to everybody
any shoutouts you want to do get out my
best friend Kyle Kyle for showing me the
channel thanks Kyle all those viewers
keep watching I guess we'll see you
around
see ya back home it's almost 6 o'clock
we're going over to Tyler and Becca's
house to hang with them and the other
Tyler just gonna probably play some
games and watch a movie or something
but I'm having this burrito cuz I'm
hungry are you gonna make a smoothie or
something for yourself yeah what
guacamole smoothie Nonaka moly and
what's Daisy getting some Cheerios Cocoa
Puffs okay I just thought of the most
brilliant invention ever
so Brittany what made her own guacamole
we had these chips yeah but they're all
crumbly so she did what she could to get
the chips that were fairly decently
sized and you know started eating the
guacamole but she couldn't keep going
because
finish the walking Lewis small chips so
what I did is great guacamole cereal
with all the crumbled chips you just
mixed them in the bowl of guacamole and
look it's cereal guacamole it tastes the
same thing you get the same result chip
on the guac but now you get a bowl of it
so if any of y'all want to try this at
home it's a fabulous dish a great
appetizer and it works well everybody
got quiet what are we playing the
plankton first time oh now you know
we're doing it's like rummy but not your
snapchats are killing me we are back
home
every time we go over to friends house
it seems like we don't blog that much
because we're just hanging out chatting
I mean you guys completely understand
right but it what time is it what time
is it Brett well it's midnight over here
I know me and her are watching some Hulu
lately we watched The Amazing Race on
Hulu and it is fantastic so entertaining
maybe one day we can be on that show
would you be happy would you be here as
always thanks for watching today's vlog
but before we go
now when I was reading through
yesterday's blogs comments so many of
you were asking to be common of the day
literally if you guys go back and look
almost every other comment is like can I
be coming up today can I be coming up
day and I'm like man I can't feature all
y'all if y'all are commenting the same
thing I'm gonna have to be a little more
creative than that if you guys have any
questions as well feel free to leave
them in the comments and sometimes if I
feel like answering questions maybe in
tomorrow's vlog I'll answer some
questions
I also remember seeing a comment I said
if you guys wanted to see me and Britney
do a Q&A before we go to South Africa so
I think we will do that what do you
think anyways onto the comments hey
Justin I have a serious question can I
borrow some chapstick no can I have some
pizza by the way no well not from me at
least you can go order some pizza though
esteban says he loves pie well I'm very
glad you love Pius debonding good for
you Jake says he is a fabulous planner
ok so that about sums up the comments
yikes so many comments to go through
it's so hard to pick make sure to check
out andrew's vlog from today he's on the
cruise he uploaded it this morning so if
you haven't seen it you can watch it
after this vlog if you have time
there'll be a link in the description or
you can just click the annotation at the
end but have a fantastic rest of the day
make sure to stay happy and we'll see
you guys on the footside tomorrow good
bye
