good morning raisins you're on our way
down for breakfast breakfast this looks
kind of good
here's our room key selfie yeah oh I
need a haircut
we got to go to Target before we head
over to the ship because Mary didn't
bring flipflops
broke it's also raining outside yeah
feels good I love it when I know
something that's really annoying water
fountains I don't spray like that ones
okay but this one second no how am I
supposed to drink out of that come on
who's hungry for some fried gizzards and
livers he I'm a favor snake there's all
the cruise ships to the ship this way
has our boarding pass yeah Wow seems
we're on the boat this is crazy
you know yes our rooms not gonna be
ready until one like 12:45 sounds like
15 minutes I don't know what we're gonna
do explore get lunch I don't even know
this is the coolest claw machine ever
money stacks of $100 go hard
well do you have the rubber true maybe
we could try
yes English please what is this she's to
pay for Internet
this is unacceptable folks very bad
minute arm room who wants a room tour me
me me
this is the mirror a little TV here's
the bed a chill couch
you
holding the decorations for stoplights
go wrong how can have fun zone looks
awesome I'm gonna be in there oh there
we go
Isaac we'd be out here who's desperate
for swimming neva giant scream with
football and the hot tubs are warm so
that's good you so fun washer Broncos
game here we might do that okay let's go
just this guy's freezing you kind of
putt-putt course and they have a rock
wall what this is the fun zone oh yeah
not only do they have a casino a sick
arcade
Hey
I love house an attorney they are here
is like hands handed highest Asians
everywhere lunch in this amazing drink
called mingle water it's pretty good
there's some food nice they have this
huge buffet just all the huge can't even
explain how big it is just huge we're
doing a first-time cruisers meeting
thing Oh tell us just have fun guys be
like these people ya know wow this is
the promenade it's like a cool like our
market zone all these shops and eating
areas we're leaving goodbye Florida
hello the open seas
you'd be like watching Titanic okay
we'll watch Titanic it's a fun the
voyage movie if you got this cool gym up
here nice good pull up just finished at
the hot tub we watch some football which
is really fun
hot tubs nice and warm now we're having
a little snack before dinner
they have sushi rolls this is carrot and
this is egg Japanese egg to be good I
just offered Mary 50 bucks if she shots
the soy sauce no no no I love all your
money that's a downside of being married
married you can't bet each other money
like dares anymore because it's already
both our money pretty right so let's
basically do that for fun please you're
sitting here eating and we're just
talking how we can finally feel the ship
I kind of swing back and forth no it's
weird
but it's not too bad i Mary get seasick
and I don't
so these elevators would be a good spot
for a GoPro pranks
lots of people in good hiding spots Oh
Guinness World Records the largest
passenger liner in 2006
whoa that's cool
what
as beautiful I want to see what the
patio looks like at night come on man so
this is the ocean at night
it's very dark and blurry on camera but
it's more cool with my own eyes
it's so warm right now here we are
currently we're not too far away from
Florida ah
there's a live feed ah
oh yeah it's time for bed thank goodness
they have football hey me is all yeah it
sucks
we went ahead and bought the Internet
it's just so slow working on exporting
the vlogs I don't know if this will be
up at all or what let's see how long it
takes to upload but tomorrow should be
fun we circled all the activities we
want to do for example they got bingo at
10:30 right no what was this
they have three dollar table games in
the casino that'll be fun a basketball
shootout competition yes some comedy
shows I mean should be a fun day
tomorrow because we're just sailing
tomorrow we're not in an in a port or
any Islands or anything so it's going to
be all cruise activities I'm excited
there's so much stuff to do here
there's also an ice rink on one of the
lower levels we didn't even go down
there yet whoa
even this is really fun say you don't
want to go out to breakfast you just say
what time you want them to bring food
you put this on your door and say I want
some bacon and eggs and you tell them
what time to bring it just put it
outside
oh wow I'm just so happy of myself I
think that's the end of the video thanks
for watching today's vlog yeah we'll see
you guys tomorrow bye bye
