good morning everybody hope you're
having a fabulous day because we sure
are me and Brittany are on an Instagram
mission
actually she's epic ever trying to wall
as you know Brittany loves photography
and modeling and so we're gonna probably
be doing tons of photo shoots this week
and and on and so uh and I'm trying to
step up my Instagram game I'm trying to
use all a bunch of high quality pics and
Brittany's the master ASL we're downtown
Carter Springs right now we found this
cool looking wall brick wall that'll
look good and Brittany's trying to learn
some new photoshop skills so she's doing
like a levitation thing right Wow
he's stuck I'll come save you here's a
quick preview of some of the picks
obviously this will look different cuz
Brittany's gonna Photoshop it everybody
like I'm standing on it and then there's
a couple of chests in there very dark
pretty sweet pic we're back in it I have
you wild school this place is like oh
yeah forgot about that that's right we
took a few engagements here actually
yeah this is like one of our favorite
hangout spots it's just so chill and
unique we just ordered some soup as you
can see it's really busy in here
so yeah it's been hours
- - no I hate folks looking at you
playing cards with these coops hi guys
doing Wow lucky
are you happy Tyler all done with some
coffee and board games and we're
downtown now still having some fun but I
just solved this and I've never seen
this before
Tesla charging Lots I don't know why
they have so many do they think Colorado
really has a lot of Tesla drivers it's
pretty cool though
guys excited to ice skate it's been a
while since we've done this let's go you
nervous okay no we're not
what are you busy out here - you're
doing good Brett
it's the ladies they're fending for
themselves
okay you almost caught her Tyler
there are people actually falling around
here I'm just pretending I wish I'd
caught it on cam see you just thought I
missed it
like a grandma now these things are
actually fun
yeah I want one now at this store cuz we
have a random munchies in the of course
at night so I got a quaver kombucha Big
Sur breakfast burrito hey guys
or in the jacuzzi now it's night time
this is very hot it's the best right now
cuz it's freezing outside
just thought I'd update you are having
some lunch with my parents it's Sunday
right now we're up in Denver we love
this restaurant it's called the new
house this is just outside of the of it
none of these things to play games like
and everything in here is organic local
food no hormones no additives no and
nothing so this is like the perfect
place for us I feel like all restaurants
should have this type of atmosphere
so busy here no holy crap
upstairs everyone's here for the Broncos
game though that's why it's so busy hey
guys
well that's it for the vlog today folks
sorry it's a little shorter than typical
vlogs but I'm sure you don't mind we're
gonna start doing the two blogs a day
hopefully Andrew said the Wi-Fi it's
very slow on the boat but if you saw he
uploaded in the morning so I think what
we're gonna do is we'll upload this week
at night and he'll upload in the morning
he's on a boat
he's on a ship yeah
but we're getting really excited too
because um we're going to South Africa
and there's gonna be some other
youtubers there as well which I'm not
gonna tell you yet cuz it's a surprise
you have to come along for the blogs to
see you excited I'm so excited yeah so
we're going on the 13th and we're gonna
stay till the 27th it's gonna be so epic
we're gonna be doing some fun adventures
and exploring you know but I just want
to say thanks for watching him hanging
out it's been fun
oh if you guys want to hear any new
music I was listening to this and it's
so good panic at the Disco's new song
death of a bachelor fantastic song
you guys are leaving some fabulous
comments lately some first comment I
want to talk about is one of the top
comments people sometimes leave items on
your windshield to try and carjack you
you turn on your car get in notice
something on your windshield leave
running car to remove item and that's
when they strike it happened to my good
friend they left a little ball I know
that clearly didn't happen to you guys
but it's something to keep in mind peace
always well Megan thank you so much for
informing me about this I had no idea
that people would do that I didn't even
think about it and for those of you who
are wondering what she's talking about
the other day we were we got in our car
and noticed there were sunglasses on the
windshield and we were really confused
so I literally did what she said I got
out of the car and grabbed the items
yeah Britney was in the car she was
holding the fort down but yeah so thanks
for looking out for us and it looks like
a lot of you liked that comment as well
so be safe out there guys don't let
people Jack your car's my new year's
resolution is to be common of the day
sometime and also do you guys do
steering the drive through that would be
so funny well I hope your new year's
resolution came true
and searing the drive through would be
funny we will definitely do that
sometime what happened at the restaurant
again for people who don't watch our
vlogs every day me and Brittany we're at
the restaurant the other day and we had
a god moment we didn't tell you guys
what happened but I will explain you
guys exactly what happened so we in
Britain were having some conversations
and we were talking about giving and how
this year we want to do a lot more
giving and before we sat down we were
having a conversation with these folks
who were older there was like a mom and
then two grandparents and then we sat
down and they are right behind us
and anyways while we were walking out
the lady came up to us she like ran over
to us and she's like I have to give you
this I'm called to pray for you guys for
the rest of my little life and you have
that piece of paper okay here it is so
yes she just handed this to us I was
like yeah called the perfume for the
rest
Our Lives my life I mean Brittany is
like completely shocked like what that
is so nice and the note says please know
that I've been called to pray for you
for the rest of my life by God who has
called you to serve him for the rest of
yours as you already know Psalms 136 two
through nine and we were just like in
shock like what just happened because we
are having like some conversations about
God during dinner and it's just cool
like Brittany said it's it was like
God's stamp of approval for our
conversations and how she wrote who has
called you to serve him for the rest of
yours so that's what happened and we're
just so happy Justin you should
definitely do more responding to
comments like you did at the end of this
blog it's nice seeing some one-on-one
fan interaction and getting a little
more of your perspective on things
lauric I will try and do my best to do
more comment respond chat time going
over comments no okay this one is
probably one of my favorite comments
then you'll know why because Bradley
said my resolution is to not miss a
single more Jace to vlog that is the
best resolution do any of you guys have
that resolution I think it's pretty good
not missing a single vlog that's so true
that's a true fan right there if any of
you out there have that as one of your
resolutions let me know and i completely
approve that is fantastic can I please
be coming up today thanks JC you guys
are the best by the way I love your
pricing vlogs have been a huge fan for
as long as I can remember well Cayden
yes you can be common of the day thanks
for leaving a comment and thank you for
being a long time saying hey rice hope
you enjoyed the comments I guess we will
see you guys tomorrow and if you miss
Andrews vlog I will link it in the
description Mike said to vlog today so
make sure to check it out and have a
great day be happy
goodbye made to the airport if you guys
haven't been to the Denver International
Airport the ceiling is very weird it's
just like a big
