good good morning guys sorry we're out
in the force right now there's a bunch
of houses around us and every time we
talk it's just echoes throughout the
whole valley what are we doing yeah she
looks like she got some bruises on her
but I did do it I would never but she
has a meaning behind this photo shoot
okay y'all so check it out on a blog
post one whenever that's up I'll link it
in the description but yeah it's
actually nice today it looks really cold
out it's like snowy and everything but
the sun's out and I'm like oh it's just
it kind of warm so I'm very happy
yesterday was not acceptable today
acceptable calm down desi it's time to
check the mail and looks like we got
some packages this be oh yeah I think
Brittany ordered me some chute here we
go wow these are sweet and brick got
these for like under $30 on Amazon okay
I got a card what you got some cool
shoes thank you happy well done with the
photo shoot I'm wearing
the new hoodie we got from a fan sent in
the mail this is a brand new Nuggets
hoodie you guys all the fan mail if you
watched the whole hour episode you
wouldn't you know but this is from that
and I went over to Andrew's house and
he's wearing the same one so you know
like an idiot so I took my off
yeah we're not twins dude yeah stop
doing that to me but since Andrew leaves
tomorrow for his honeymoon vacation with
Mary we are getting some last-minute
filming in for a new prank because we've
kind of been slacking on the pranks
lately if you guys have been noticing
missed an upload and just uploaded a
compilation so oops sorry but we're
doing a worst prank ideas and we're
getting a few clips before he leaves
we're at the mall right now oh we're
trying out the worst prank ideas and
what what's going on Andrew Oh
ran into a longtime thing so what's your
name DJ TJ why don't you just tell
everybody what you just told us well
I've been a huge fan watching for four
years and I'm visiting my family out
here and I ran into these guys at the
mall so it's pretty awesome yeah and he
said he's come in he's been like coming
here every year hoping to run into us
and then the day we randomly come to the
mall and he spots us out real life
but it's good meeting you dude nice
meeting you guys
we're actually trying
what is that idea just hear sounds bye
people
attack sounds will show you some clips
we just recorded of a Andrew they're
pretty goofy
Oh
Oh finished up give you guys a quick
preview
a drew why don't you tell them what
we're doing now we're going the best
back because we're celebrating success
right you're doing it right 2016 style
it's time for a new toy nah it ain't a
toy this is a work device right this is
a very this is a business expense that
is for fun well we will very business
expense and we will show you guys it's
essential to business this week time to
buy time to buy a brand new toy GoPro is
the way to go when we want to buy the
GoPro I think Oh guys guys you are
leaving tomorrow what early why it's got
6 a.m. so we're gonna get up around 300
for dinner in bed are you going to bed
soon yeah by 8 o'clock
that's gonna be hard I think I should go
bid well have a fun flights and safe fun
of adventure yes and we'll see you soon
yeah all right with Britney now and we
are trying out Bonefish Grill because
you have another gift card you've had
this before yeah in Florida it was like
really good
I don't know your Bible I've heard it's
good so yeah we're just excited to give
it around okay we have to use the
roundabout
that I did
that I had food has arrived
dinner we got in the car and I'm kind of
confused sunglasses on the dash on the
outside of the car though who put them
there why are they let me just get them
okay it's like I don't know who they are
car we're looking at our car
I don't know but thanks for the free
sunglasses I guess that's really weird
yeah we just had a great moment in the
restaurant it's kind of hard to explain
but it was a it was a really cool god
moment I'm just really thankful and it's
just so cool how God works and is
working in our lives and how they speak
to us in the most unique crazy ways well
right now we're going over to the Tyler
and Becca's apartment because they
invited us over to play some games and
hang out
just got done playing Catan we didn't
finish but I won of course
well we're back home from Tyler and
Becky's house it's fun nice chill night
and back home hanging with Daisy now
Daisy how's it going you doing well you
do them well good also I want to show
you guys this Britney's parents gave
this to us for Christmas
it's so nice and it's so warm it gives
us nice you know since we don't have a
fireplace here it has like a nice
fireplace and be honest to it just like
that it's so cool and now we don't have
to use our Heat cuz this thing is pretty
dang hot well guys that's it for today's
vlog but before I end it wanted to go
over some comments I'm sorry yesterday
we didn't do comment of the day so today
I'm just gonna be reading a bunch of
different comments on the blog bigdhaas
from his vlog channel and commented
thanks for watching god and leaving a
comment yeah okay sorry ain't no party
like a Jase to party you got that right
Steven some of you guys were leaving
comments about your resolutions and I
thought that was really cool so I wanted
to just talk about some of them this one
my new year's resolutions this year is
to get a loyal girlfriend make more
friends and talk to more people loyal
friends and do more random acts of
kindness that is such a good resolutions
now that's the kind of resolutions I'm
looking for a loyal girlfriend loyal and
loyal friends I believe you'll you'll do
that this year no problem - to drink
more water and get rid of my acne I feel
the same way I definitely wanna drink
more water and who doesn't like acne
water will help with that but I feel the
same way and then I see someone left a
comment judging people for drinking on
New Year's haha Wow adults are allowed
to do that you know I am not judging
I know adults are allowed I know anybody
is allowed to drink and do what they
want I'm just saying like that their
actions if you watch the last vlog there
I was like hey what are you guys
resolutions and they're like to get
super dry
do drugs like what kind of resolution is
that what TV when did he say they're
going to Africa it is true me and
Brittany are going to South Africa on
the 13th of this month for two weeks
more details will come but we're going
out there I'm going to be doing a ton of
activities hanging with a nice group of
people and you may know some of them but
yeah we plan this trip and it's gonna be
super awesome as always thanks for
leaving so many comments I'm not sure
what andrew is Wi-Fi is gonna be like
when he's uploading vlogs we're gonna
try and do two blogs a day but how did
you guys know he's going on a cruise
right now with Mary and who knows if the
Wi-Fi is even decently good on the
cruise because since they're out see but
I guess we'll find out but yeah thanks
for watching and we hope you all have a
fantastic day follow us on snapchat link
will be in the description if you
haven't followed us yet um I'm always
posting really goofy stuff Britney's
posts and stuff Agis posts and stuff so
join the snapchat crew and we'll see you
tomorrow have a good day goodbye
