good afternoon everybody how's it going
we're at the house right now
Brittany's getting prepared for her New
Year's Eve party and Daisy doesn't know
what a balloon is days ago on the couch
Daisy it's just a balloon what what did
the balloon get it is that boon we're
gonna attack you like that Daisy it's
just a balloon hi
what's this on the computer happy new
year almost no it just says what it
needs to say so um Brittany's video is
pretty much almost done
she's baking some cookies which is ah
accidentally hit I don't know why they
put the disposal switch right here
I should only hit it it kind of scared
me
are you okay Daisy I think Daisy
starting to like balloons more let's try
if she pauses to these shows will you
pop the balloon would you just look at
it we look like we're ready for a party
I think this is just fabulous
well let your New Year's Eve dance moves
like I Drive my nails they're all nice
and gold dead dead dead dead Dada Dada
Dada Dada da Dada da what's happening
right now Bernie these folks brought us
Jimmy John's why did you do that cookies
I love it
but did you get this for Christmas last
year for Christmas rather soon Christmas
is like over already you guys got some
snacks before the movie mmm that's how
you do it well we're back at Hollywood
theaters again for more boobies yeah
holy crap it's cold out there
oh shoot I know I was trying to vlog and
I drop a Dane ticket turn up at the
movies we've also been checking the
movies every day Star Wars has been
selling out like every day it's good
nostalgic I guess if you haven't seen it
and you were really out of the loop
especially when Chewbacca dies
winder like yellow my white
his driving batteries
hey guys so as you can see we didn't
film too much today for the vlog so I
wanted to just sit down and tell you
about a life change that me and Brittany
are gonna be going through now you
probably clicked on this video because
of the title and you're curious going
vegan so we're not actually going vegan
but okay let's all basically let me
start you me Brittany have been watching
a bunch of documentaries lately on
Netflix we watch like three different
documentaries you know how did you guys
know we have always been into eating
healthy we're all about that non-gmo
wife the organic food but I've been I
don't know lately have been getting like
I've been wanting to gain more knowledge
in the field of like food and what the
industry is doing so what we're
basically doing is we're not going vegan
because I believe that eating meat is a
should be a part of life if if you want
eat me
there's no offense to anybody who
doesn't agree with eating me because I
completely understand how you know
animals and the care for animals because
I feel the same way like I love animals
and but I feel like God put certain
animals on this earth for for us to eat
but if companies are treating these
animals in humanely like the big
corporations and restaurants then I
don't feel like it's right to eat those
animals now if animals such as like you
know cows whatever they have chickens
and well maybe if they are raised
humanely and taken care of and treated
the right way then I feel like it's okay
so that's what we're doing basically
we're gonna be eating more vegetables
and foods that God put on this earth for
us to eat the way they are organic
non-gmo because as you know scientist
known
and the industry is putting genetically
modified organisms in plants and
vegetables of all this food and it's I
can go on a whole tangent on about GMOs
but we're gonna be eating lots of
vegetables and the only meat this is
going to be part of my 2016 resolution
is I want to make sure if I am eating me
that I know it's humanely raised and so
I'm gonna be going I'm gonna be doing
research here in Colorado to see if
there are some companies who do that
which I know there are some because
there's some local companies that do
that I'm gonna call them and I'm gonna
probably do some vlogs where I go to
their actual farms and film the process
of what they do so yeah I just want to
let you guys know that and I'm curious
to know like what your guys thoughts are
on the whole issue are you vegan because
I know I know some of you guys are but
like it'd be interesting to like have a
discussion in the comments below to see
like all the different viewpoints on
everything like I'm just sick of a
commercial industry all they are about
is making money and that's the main
reason why they're putting genetically
modified they're modifying our food and
just the way they treat animals in the
industry just to feed the people is just
completely ridiculous and so that's why
I'm trying to stay away from you know
that type of meat so if we go to
restaurants we're probably gonna order a
vegetarian options because as you know a
lot of the main food chains are
ridiculous and do not treat animals the
right way so yeah I just thought I'd
tell you guys that I'll probably make a
separate video of the 2016 resolutions
and if you guys are interested in lat
I'm probably gonna do that in a couple
days but yeah I'd really encourage you
guys if any of you are wanting to eat
better go watch some documentaries on
Netflix there are some seriously really
good ones cowspiracy really kind of
opened my eyes about the industry and
everything and then I watched the GMO
OMG and it kind of taught me a lot about
what GMOs are doing and like what the
industry is about why they're doing them
did you guys know that GMOs are banned
in like every other country not every
other kind
but you know what I mean they're banned
in like Norway and a lot of Europe but
the United States doesn't ban them like
it's so ridiculous and then one last one
is called fed up which is all about
sugar and how 80% of our foods have
sugar in them some sort of sugar that
you know it's in excessive amounts
because our bodies only need like 2
teaspoons of sugar a day and if you look
in the ingredients of everything it's
ridiculous how much sugar and how every
product puts in sugar our bodies need
the natural sugar from fruits and
everything and so I don't know I'll put
if you guys want me to talk about this
more let me know in the comments maybe
leave a thumbs up and I'll probably I
can make a separate video if you guys
want just about more of my opinions on
the industry and I could just go into
greater detail in that but yeah sorry
for talking your ear off thank you guys
so much for you know watching today's
vlog won't be filming of the our new
lifestyle you know what we eat and we'll
take you guys along with the journey and
show you guys you know how we deal with
it and everything in the coming year but
yeah just thanks for supporting us and
we'll see you guys tomorrow
good bye 3
so the dynamite in there hit the ARBs on
fire use the flames
