well howdy everybody welcome back to
more Jase two vlogs thanks for clicking
on this video and hanging out with us
today by the way non-gmo shirts will be
coming soon maybe in the new year 2016
you're sure not 2012 yeah you guys saw
the other video I don't know why I said
that but yeah Burton yeah if you didn't
see the other vibrating made this shirt
for me for Christmas and we're gonna
start up some merch if you guys want to
join the non-gmo crew how you doing
today we're it get it really gonna hurt
you my phone's going crazy sorry that's
okay I'm doing really fantastic we're
actually here at chick-fil-a today
getting some lunch we got some gift
cards from my parents for chick-fil-a so
got to use them why not here we go I got
the grilled chicken sandwich and what
did you get my salad that just looks so
fabulous including we are here at
Goodwill now because Britney's making
some upgrades to her channel and she
she's doing a new video she needs some
new products for that video for channels
miss beauty mark by the way what are you
trying to find exactly I know I know
where you're gonna find me if I have a
like a list but I'm really good DIY New
Year's Eve party so trying to find some
stuff to yeah in that video that she's
making right now
it's gonna go up when is it Thursday so
if you want to know how to make an
awesome New Year's Eve party go to her
channel this Thursday and she'll show
you how to do that
back home we got all the supplies for
Britney's video yeah you excited for it
hashtag swag gold now we've been out for
a while so I know it looks like we just
ate but we haven't ate actually in a
while for our time just gonna have a
quick set snack got some chips and salsa
this is really good it's made in
Colorado to Baja mild with some purple
corn chips I have arrived at the site
residence how you feeling today I'm
wearing my new pants
well that's how you're feeling looking
fresh you see new pants I'm wearing my
new shirt Q hey OOP anyways today or
part of this vlog it's Christmas time is
over Christmas time is over so we have
to figure out what to do with these what
do you rid of them
simples that but we're not just gonna
simply get rid of them in the trash
happy a terrible idea we gotta go get
some supplies to blow these things up ha
let's go it's time for today's episode
of what is Erin doing
Battlefront
if you guess battlefront today you win
mostly cheese there's a missile jumping
jacks it's fine
detonators will work I thought all right
now that we have our supplies we're
starting off with I think that this is
Brittany's oh yeah this is Mary's where
should we do this okay all right
this is gonna be epic
what are we starting with or you want to
start with do that there's a little
satellite device inside the house yeah
that one flies you says yeah here we go
white test but get out of there
oh that's it oh come on
I guess I'm dynamite in there now be
prepared to run
we're the house go holy crap that did
some damage that was a good one and that
was loud - alright wait oh wait this is
the spinner yeah that one spins that
that whoa whoa whoa put it in quick and
then back up
are we ready we're ready
yes hey looks like flaming at the back
end hmm it was do the insides like all
black oh that's what a house fire looks
like folks
it smells like spores whoa yeah
Oh what exploded the house
ouch the garden is still intact though
that's the main important thing about
this house the garden the garden of Eve
it wasn't even anything after this yeah
is that enough that's I don't know okay
this is a mystery object which we're
going to take this Oreo off to get
inside the window we don't know what
this does so back off
what's happening in there flashers oh
that's quite cool Harry ah smoke
what's having fun
that was interesting there's like a
giant hole in them in there what now
let's get a close-up shot somebody
called fire department it's getting
smoky in here
ah see ya Hey
goodbye galactic cabin interest trying
to blow torch out we have our fire
inspector watching
hurry so the dynamite in there ah whoa
hey guys quick stop and release and
that's how it's done kids
that was a good tour still there but
don't try this at home we're
professionals okay you have one more of
these flying satellites left so let's
see if it flies
Hey Wow
did you have it the wrong way Oh what do
you have there uh I got it for Christmas
it's a blockbuster gift card did you
really
for Christmas I just found this and we
were moving the heck looks like ancient
I know
blockbuster gift card has a copyright on
the back of 2004 but that's just been
sitting around for that long yeah
bye-bye bye-bye bye-bye all right well I
am with Brittany now tonight it's
Tuesday so Tuesday as you see date
nights movies are $5 so we're going to
see a new movie by way I do cook oh yeah
we do cook but we also have a gift card
right now for Christmas we got tons of
food gift cards so we're taking
advantage of the free food guys we're at
salsa Brava for some Mexican food yes
okay so our waiting to get seated in the
waitress no no listen hostess is one of
the girls we pranked in one of our
recent videos
you guys will recognize it I'll show you
hey you won me pranked thank you -
that's awesome wall thanks
dinner was fantasia s-- I don't I just
made up that word that means it was
really good we are here at the Hollywood
theaters this is a very good theater but
we are seeing daddy's home with Will
Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg the
commercials look really funny
one of our friends saw it and said it
was very funny
so I have high hopes for this I usually
like Will Ferrell movies although
sometimes he's very raunchy and you're
not acceptable we've walked out a wolf
row before so he better redeem himself
with this movie dad dad dad dad - hey
Creed oq4 daddy's home
yes thank you
Peter - just down the hallway
thank you yes
ha ha all right we just got out of the
movie what are your initial thoughts
Brittany I was really glad that it there
was like it wasn't as raunchy cuz
normally Will Ferrell these are pretty
raunchy yeah so this one like it had
some kind of like what do you call that
verbal it's gonna like handsome yeah
like Lincoln Clinton yeah
but there was like I don't know it's
just like it was over honestly if the
movie started kind of slow lose kind of
boring at first but near the end it got
a lot better Hills I go pretty funny
overall I'd give the movie a 6 out of 10
just because it started getting better I
was good I would give it a lot worse if
it didn't redeem itself yeah would you
give it the six point five six point
five yeah um I feel like that's just a
one-time see movie but you won by it in
Best Buy no I would not buy that movie
here hey nice just quick reviews for you
well guys I guess that sums up today's
blog and I've just been looking over
more comments on yesterday's vlog I
think it's so cool how some of you guys
just communicate with each other in the
comments like this comment my sis is
really sick can you pray for a lot of
people replied and said yes and like I
just think that's so cool we have like a
community of support in the comments
like you guys are awesome I love reading
through these like Andrew said in
yesterday's vlog he's going on his
honeymoon with Mary their honeymoon and
I guess you're gonna have to find out
where they're going it's gonna be pretty
awesome though it's gonna make for some
good vlogs and I'm trying to figure out
what we're gonna do for vlogs because
he's gonna upload vlogs you guys want to
vlogs a day one from him and then one
from us hmmm let us know in the comments
and yeah me and Brittany are going to
South Africa next month in the coming
days I'll tell you what exactly we're
doing and how long we're going to be
there it's gonna be pretty awesome but
just stay tuned and we will see you guys
next time
goodbye Oh Aaron what happened I looked
under my seat I found a special prize
do I have one under my seat
did you find that I don't know
