well good morning guys it is the day
after Christmas I am feeling excited and
ready for 2016 to be here already
hey I'm trying to be not too loud
because we're actually in Hobby Lobby
right now I don't know if you guys have
ever been here but this is like the most
creative store ever pretty are you
trying to find something for Brandon
since we haven't team Brittany's family
yet we're going to see him tonight and
gotta get Brandon a present dad's
whenever me and Brittany get a house
this is absolutely going to be the place
we come to get all our stuff like they
literally have everything like besides
like they don't have like couches and
stuff but they have the perfect things
for decorations like I'll show you some
things and everything that everything is
always a good deal like look at these
clocks if you're into clocks they got
them really cool posters and things to
hang on the wall this light-up each sign
yes and they have tons of things for
arts and crafts as well if you love
doing those things thank you they have
these signs literally on everything
always 50% off the market price so if
you like the minions this is only $12
they have movie posters they have
everything and if you ever get extremely
desperate and don't have any more
clothes they have adult t-shirts for 4
bucks I actually bought some of these
one time when I was taking my headshots
for acting like actually pretty good I
mean a cool shirt just a blank shirt for
four dollars all the colors yes that
letter so I put this on I oh hey
Brittany there's something for you
imagine if someone came down the aisle
and just stopped your life huh
you are my favorite hello and my hardest
goodbye life takes you to unexpected
places love brings you home you I love
you a bushel and a peck and a hug around
the neck life is a journey enjoy it you
are my bucket list well we are back home
it is so cold outside it's the weirdest
thing I swear it's like ten degrees
outside with the windchill but anyways
just playing some battlefront now I have
to catch up to Andrew Andrew and and air
on our level 50 s and I'm only a level
wha-wha well had a really fun time at
Britney's parents house as you can see
we didn't vlog much but we just talked
and open some presents but now me and
Brittany are back at the gym we are
starting our gym routine before 2016
starts the New Year's resolutions of you
know working out more getting healthy
starts now not tomorrow so that's what
we are doing right now and what I
usually do at the start of workouts is I
like to jog or run and a good thing
that's working for me you guys want to
test yourself what I like to do is get
like a towel or a jacket because they
don't have any towels right now and
start running and put it over this so
you can't see how long you've been
running and how much you've been running
and the goal is to run a mile and so if
you if you think you've ran a mile and
then you look and you have it that
that's a penalty so that means you have
to run longer and so both times that
I've done this I've went above a mile so
I went like a mile 25 and I think it's
really cool because it kind of pushes
yourself to go longer than you think and
then you end up working harder
okay I just ran for a little bit I've
had my jacket covering up I'm gonna see
if I went over a mile which I think of
yeah Oh almost darn it
so since I didn't do a mile I have to
run as a penalty for me a half mile so
yeah the reason why I like that says is
either either way you're bettering
yourself because if you go further than
you first initially set so if you say a
mile on the go a mile 25 you're
exceeding what you first said and if you
fail you're forcing yourself to go
further anyway so I encourage you guys
to always challenge yourself and think
of creative ways to push yourself to go
further and each time you can make it
different so next time you run you could
run a mile 1.1 miles and put your jacket
over if you don't run 1.1 miles
run further because of that fail I don't
get what I'm saying that's just how my
mind works when I'm at the gym back from
the workout time to get some protein in
guys I gotta show you a trick Britney
taught Daisy
all right sit nope shake no no shake
yeah here's your treat
isn't that awesome we taught Daisy how
to shake you want to it again sit shake
no no yeah another treat for you bud
good girl
also Daisy you want some potatoes Daisy
yeah you want some potatoes hey hey oh
no my gosh before I forget earlier when
me and Brittany went to Chipotle we got
out of the car and Brittany found this
card just sitting next to our car actor
Andrew I don't know what this is but I'm
going to send it to Andrea just thought
it was so random and funny
well me and Brittany are at Walmart now
because we are kind of bored we do have
to get some things for our trip next
month but we also are kind of bored so
we're trying to entertain ourselves
Walmart but I just tweeted out about to
go to Walmart with Brittany have you
have anything you want to see us do and
a bunch of you left some things to do so
we're just going to do them a water gun
battle I don't think they have water
guns here but we'll make do with what
they have
what is this nice backpack
yo dad okay dad
did he say yes son yes have you guys
seen my dad no all right
and a lot of you guys are saying build a
toilet paper fort I don't know if we can
do that right now but here is the toilet
paper section this is the trip of
triple-decker toilet paper for I don't
know if we could ever do that but holy
Michaels
we will have to build another toilet
paper for another time with Andrew Mary
maybe even a bunch of friends
I need Mary
but be so awesome to do three stories
but we probably get in big trouble if we
did that also if you don't want to be
seen in the toilet paper aisle you could
make a dog bag fort like look at this
anybody can fit in here all you need is
just to put the bags up so no one can
see you it's not as big but it's cozy
right Brett
wife there you are
get back over here now Andrew be like
this is a cool toy
it's a giant roller coaster he put him
here Wow well that was a fun Walmart
trip um we are back home and I'm just
looking over some of the comments you
guys have left on the previous vlog like
I do every day and I wanted to go over
some that made me laugh now the first
comment I was actually concerned for a
second right when I was reading it I'm
not really a big fan anymore I'm more
like a large air-conditioner you really
got me there Ben I thought you weren't
actually a fan anymore but you outdid
yourself next so if I become non-gmo
like Justin do I get all the ladies no
you don't and trust me you don't want
all the ladies you only want one lady
who's going to be loyal to you and
you're going to be loyal to her so make
sure you get that to your head space
boys Sam
Josh black you guys should make non-gmo
merch I literally was just thinking
about that you read my mind
would you guys be interested in some
non-gmo merch I have some really cool
ideas and with Britney getting me that
non-gmo shirt leave a like if you guys
would buy some non-gmo merch like
legitly I think we're going to start
that it's a good idea and last but not
least I'm a simple man
I see Jase news vlog and I press like
Wheldon oh I like simple men like
yourselves and all the simple ladies and
gentlemen out there who are simple like
to know thank you for leaving likes yeah
thanks for all the comments guys I wish
I could go over every comment but as you
know that take the whole video and I'm
sure you wouldn't want to see that I
have like so much on my mind that I want
to talk about but I feel like I can make
so many separate videos about it like
for example these short films that we
watched on Netflix
food I could talk about a lot our plans
for 2012 ideas for this channel but it's
like I don't know when to talk about
them but I'll get around to it very soon
don't worry and tomorrow I have decided
that I am going to announce where we are
traveling next month so if you guys want
to know where we're traveling come back
tomorrow and check tomorrow's vlog out
and we'll let you know there's going to
be some awesome vlogs coming up I
promise
so please stay with us and I promise
we'll try our best to entertain you and
I don't know if you noticed but Brittany
got me a new vlog camera for Christmas
I'll show you guys that tomorrow as well
so yeah anyways have a great night guys
and we'll see you tomorrow good bye just
saying the best part about being married
three Christmases Oh Santa's here it's
time for that segment what is Aaron
doing
