well good morning everybody welcome back
to more J still wait is it just the
wifey is joining today's vlog hey Britt
I'm so good how you yeah I'm like
honored to be a part of the vlog today
as you guys know Andrew and Mary are in
the hospital baby it's coming so Britt
night wanted to hang out today I want to
do something fun she's never been
geocaching guys I think he keeps me in
it I don't know what I've been doing how
we have not gone geocaching Andrew and I
have gone geocaching so many times but
first I've gotta know Brittany's
pregnant and we got a gift card for
Christmas to this place called
motherhood mother heart motherhood
Motherhood Maternity so we're gonna get
don't see what clothes they got because
you know as you're pregnant the belly
starts growing show you have to get some
new sizes okay okay oh they still got
their Christmas crap this is huge
oh and it's real it's a real tree yeah
by the way we're at the Castle Rock
outlet mall this place is huge
here we are Motherhood Maternity oh this
is a nice selection
we went to Target and they barely had
any so we're looking at some jeans first
because obviously this is our first kid
Britney's first time being pregnant and
what seems to be is that jeans normal
jeans non pregnancy jeans are really
difficult to wear so leggings are the
go-to thing but they're getting creative
yeah but these jeans they're making like
specific for when you're pregnant like
they have these I don't know what these
are
belly things no she said I had to cure
it it's fine because some jeans shirt
yeah every time we're going in an
adventure guys you know you have to get
some sort of snack it's the coat so
we're here at vitality bowls superfood
cafe to get some smoothies or some
chocolate banana acai smoothie you're
all the geocache on the map the app if
you guys don't know what geocaching is
it's like treasure hunting basically so
it doesn't say it where exactly it is
you have to go find it so you like zoom
in you could click on one and so looks
like there are some around us let's go
find one
all right
so we're on a bridge I think this one
steak no ale
so it's called we're like right by it it
is so cold it was like warmer earlier
but now it's very cool oh you're getting
cold stop what but I'm pretty sure it's
under the bridge so well crap guys down
there this kid right here look at this
how creepy doesn't yeah all these little
drawings I also split my head open on a
bridge so I'm not too fond of them
either
no it's especially at night guys we're
getting really close wait where do we go
is it on this side do you want me to hit
okay navigator this I think it's up here
huh
oh okay we're like right on it it's
gotta be right in here somewhere okay
they found a pen so if there's a notepad
in there we can sign it okay just give
us a clue it said it's a bit higher than
the trail
whatever that means so maybe it's like
higher up like this is so cool I've
never seen something like this before
we're in like by a park and if you want
to read a book while you're out here
then put all these books in here okay
it's actually pretty cold out here I
just give up some of they are so hard to
find it's like I don't want to spend all
day out here looking for a little box
with a piece of paper but anyways we're
just walking right up the street to this
place called the Emporium tons of cool
gifts and like homemade stuff so we're
actually going to go in here and try and
find actual gifts cool treasures that
are actually cool in the warm rare
knives this is cool
do guys we just stumbled upon the
perfect little shop for Brittany and I
and Andrew and Mary look at this it's a
little shop with a bunch of baby stuff
these are so good
look at the little girl dress oh dude
this is fresh look at that so be a good
gift for Andrew and Mary for their
little child they haven't announced the
their son's name yet but we want to get
my gift all the headbands I know he's
our top I love this
they look like hand-stitched like little
jackets cool little jackets for it all
right
dude this is the best animal oh my gosh
it's so fucking amazing what that's so
cool dude they're getting creative I can
make these little kids clothes are so
stylish I've got a vest here
Pollock they have the little like hats
like this I like this on instructions
not included we know after New Year's
oh cool all these hats to the shoes guys
we're gonna back up here that's it I
don't know I want to go shopping for
myself anymore I'm just gonna get baby
stuff now she say I think like that's
what happens to every parent ever they
find out like I think I'm having a kid
that's like I want to get our kid all
these cool clothes and cute things comes
right back at the house now and there's
something we've been wanting to show you
guys a really big moment in our lives
that happened recently I was on a
Christmas Eve so check out the footage
today is a big day an exciting day for
Andrew myself and our friend Nick
because we are all getting baptized
today for the first time so excited
about this so we're here at church
Christmas Eve service so here is the
church our church this is the word for
the new year love that getting baptized
over there so we're just waiting for a
church to start Andrew got baptized at
9:00 a.m. service so so happy for him
and we're about to baptize the 11 a.m.
service me Nick also our other friend
Blake got baptized it's just a great day
all together so we're super excited for
what's about
completely the Jesus Christ as they I
did
you renounce Satan always equations
world as soon as day I do
you are all in those faculty to say
Oh see ya guys that was a super big
moment for us I was so happy you know
finally be baptized and I think I can
speak on behalf of everybody all all the
fellows who also got baptized that you
know taking this next step in our faith
and just making that public proclamation
that we are ready to follow Jesus with
everything that we have and we have
faith in Him and this work that was done
on the cross but I just wanted to read
you guys for those of you maybe who
we're kind of confused at what was going
on I think this little paragraph
explains it perfectly Christian baptism
illustrates the death burial and
resurrection of Jesus Christ at the same
time it also illustrates our death to
sin and new life in Christ as the sinner
confesses the Lord Jesus he dies to sin
Romans 6:11 and is raised to a brand new
life Colossians 2:12 being submerged in
the water represents death to sin and
emerging from the water represents the
cleansed holy life that follows
salvation guys if you're out there and
you haven't baptized yet I extremely
highly recommend you get baptized what a
cool moment that was and just couldn't
be happier really so I think we'll leave
the vlog at that thank you guys so much
for watching today I hope you know that
God loves you and see you back here
tomorrow good bye
