good morning guys and Merry Christmas
Eve we have one more day until Santa
comes and brings presents so me and
Brittany are really excited we actually
have to do some last-minute Christmas
shopping today like everybody else on
earth and later we have a date you
excited yeah we don't even know what
we're fully doing it but we did get a
package in the mail
enjoy these fika good he's picked
especially for you well thank you so
much for setting this vehicle let's open
this and as you guys know we love viga
so this is such a real treat
what Oh what
the new vegan sport protein Pig Daisy
this is not yours okay
holy crap 30 grams of protein 6 grams of
BCAAs 6 grams of glutamine what duh yes
this is gonna be the best for when we
get back to working out since we haven't
worked out in a few days but like I said
before guys this is plant-based wait a
minute there's one more thing in here oh
cool they sent little packets like for
on-the-go but this is berry flavored oh
this is gonna be so convenient when we
start traveling and stuff before we
leave here should take Daisy out and I
know she needs to go to the bathroom but
she just wanders around the grass
forever
Daisy plez go now would you look at it
King Soopers is now selling hoverboards
for 300 bucks and there's only one left
the heck they have some guy actually
playing in here
the three grocery stores should do that
so cool
we're here at sprouts now getting some
extra groceries for the week
yes
it's not too busy here we were just at
King Soopers and compared Li walk around
it was really annoying I know but one
thing we were talking about we don't
like the one thing we don't like about
Christmas is how busy it is they kind of
just want to stay inside because
everyone's running around and it kind of
gets annoying da da da da da da da this
is what we are cooking where did it go
ah chipotle chili lime with black beans
roasted peppers corn cilantro and a bit
of geek quinoa burger yes and press
making welcome I cannot get this seated
come here well we have made it over to
Andrew and Mary's house because we are
doing our yearly kids talk about
Christmas video this is gonna be fun
meet you oh here's the scene setting up
lights making this look beautiful huh
got the whole squad Emma I thought
Christmas was today but I was wrong it's
tomorrow
Christmas is one of my favorite holidays
because it starts with the letter C
which is my favorite number is that it
for the video guys time to go Merry
Christmas everybody uh it's dark out oh
yeah it is cold we're here with Aaron
who are you we got some Christmas Eve
service
well we are finally home we just got
back from Target because we had to get
desi some dog foods and drinks for
tomorrow because we're going over to my
parents house with a few friends and
celebrating I also got a stocking
stuffer for Daisy dental twists peanut
butter with peanut butter flavor
she's so happy and she also has a dog
toy here - you can't wait to open your
presents tomorrow keeps you more
Christmas lights
how's the news station is here it's the
same news team that came to our house
and interviewed us now that this house
we're at Mary's parents house now
because we're gonna open up family
presents to do that on Christmas Eve so
let's go oh come on is cold out buzz
back at our house I forgot to vlog I
could prop the camera and just didn't
whoops
filmed Isaac is Buzz Lightyear a little
bit but here's our president I got my
face this is gonna be so fun this is
like family presence um since Mary's
family is kind of bigger everyone puts
her name in the head and you draw a name
and that's the person you get a present
for it's like a $15.00 woman so yeah so
you do that Christmas even then like my
parents and Santa give you Christmas
presents tomorrow yeah
Santa's coming tomorrow so this is a
family present from dad yeah what'd you
get
I got yes beware of dog kisses and then
I got a smart chick because you're a
smart chick get it oh yeah we per
gingerbread house is here for
decorations isn't it just so gorgeous we
just keep moving all over the place wrap
my parents house now Erin hi are you
excited for what's about to happen all
moan to best soundtrack of any movie
ever this is a tradition
Erin and I started you have to watch
home alone to Christmas Eve oh hey
Buford it's about bedtime now Buford's
gonna sleep over I got the tree all set
up some presents ma o Christmas tree o
Christmas tree Buford is really happy
we'll see you guys in the morning for
Christmas yeah
guys it's Christmas and we're over here
at the family's house celebrating with
everybody what's happening today
everybody cheers presents I think later
what time friends are coming over yeah
we got so much good food cooking
morning everybody it's Christmas
you're so happy you minute sorry okay
I thought this was already mine but have
been in my house phone giving it back to
you guys I've had this monkey since I
was a little kid baby it doesn't have an
eyeball thank you for giving this back
to me okay what are you doing ice hockey
game oh no just focusing on I just
Gordon
again we need some Christmas seminal
sister gonna be so yummy that's yeah we
don't have a microwave so it's hard to
warm stuff up sometimes the oven is a
good warmer yeah I mean just look
beautiful without shower so even I think
I might keep my hair like this forever
so good I want to try going downstairs
to see if Santa and brought any presents
what Buford Oh Buford look what Santa
brought you
stockings what's in your stocking give
it look it's a new toy and a fox it's
imported
oh you've heard you're destroying him
you killed duck or duck
the party has arrived everybody is here
and it's getting crazy this is actually
really fun by the way we had found the
crockpot sisters here crock pots galore
oh my gosh what is in all this grandma
brought her pies
Teddy's having his Christmas dinner as
well is that good but
well we're all done with Christmas lunch
that'll hold me over till dinner
honestly thanks so full here are the
remains of some of the foods
ah so far I got a lanyard some socks you
got some snacks
we might be millionaires soon I'm not
sure
although stockings I got a cool adapter
this coffee mug lends some shower Bob's
some gel then you got like more snacks
yummy I want to try this too
what sugar cookie tea wow it's good so
we still have all of our presents but
we're gonna save these for later we're
gonna go to our parents houses do
presents there and then come back 9 10
11 12 there
the kids got me playing hide-and-seek
with them again like the good old days
it's still fun 30 ready or not here I
come
where could you guys be Oh Isaac huh huh
where in the world are you wonder what
Isaac could be oh wait right here
well we're all done in my parents
Christmas evening and it's a night out
already can't wait for summer until it
stays the night stays light out till
like 8:00 p.m. it was sunny this morning
but there's like clouds moving in I hope
it snows that'd be so fun
you're saying the best part about being
married three Christmases Wow Santa's
here it's time for that segment what is
Erin doing what the poo Erin Erin Erin a
little upset because we all got
Christmas donuts but Buford ate mine we
found it grabbed it this is such a cool
little happening that's a hat thing
thank you see your things
we got on that hat though it's a cool
hat and you got helmet stubborn helmet
and some shoes a froth disc printer Wow
I also got this it's a little welcome
bear says go Broncos for ten thousand
dollars but I didn't land oh you know
I'm sorry I'm sorry I lost run away to
Mary's house now it was kind of snowing
a few minutes ago but it's stopped
I wanted to snow more also a little
gingerbread boys get the sisters on
skype that big one
Star Wars wrapping paper too
guys it's finally snowing on Christmas
yeah fresh snow this is epic now we're
doing our presents yeah we can play
games and watch a movie yeah thanks
Santa
that's nice yeah oh hey guys oh hey guys
hey we're playing apple to apples now
this game brought to you by the popcorn
factory now let's play well guys I guess
that's the end of the Christmas vlog
thank you so much for spending time with
us this Christmas and clicking on this
video and watching us it's really cool
to have you guys come on with the
journey me and Brittany didn't really
film any present openings but I did want
to show you a present that Brittany got
me that was the best and I know you guys
are gonna like this non-gmo shirt
she made this but is so cool like I will
be wearing this everywhere but yeah I
was just it was fun spending time with
family and this year
Daisy last night when we were sleeping
was like coughing and like throwing up
what was it it was like mucus or
something wasn't it thrown like like oh
yeah so she's doing better now but and
Brittany's family has been up at the
cabin so they're coming back down
tonight and we're spending some
Christmas time with them so potentially
we will vlog some of that Oh before we
on the blog I was looking at comments
about what you guys thought who won the
gingerbread houses a lot of you liked
Andrews dangers house blew my mind
because he had windows so you could go
through definitely Brittany wins because
you clearly can't compete with that
candy garden I don't like this order
though you put me in last really really
check the song oh but then this one's
nice Justin's because it looks fancy and
it has lots of nice colors it isn't
rubbish it's not bad and holy crap 415
comments you guys are the best thanks
for leaving comments but yeah guys
thanks so much again I'm so excited for
the new year got a lot of cool plans
we'll probably make a New Year's
resolutions video and me and Brittany
are actually doing something crazy soon
which I'll tell you about like with our
lifestyle which I'll tell you about in
like a upcoming vlog yeah Merry
Christmas and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
good bye what do you call this fine
piece of work this is the Galactic cabin
reinforced all the walls with foil so
because in space this
