Christmas was once fun but then I forgot
that I wasn't born on that day baby
Jesus day did you know that baby Jesus
my lady that's why I want to become one
for Christmas this year I thought
Christmas was today but I was wrong
it's tomorrow last year I thought I saw
Santa I don't know what to say so I said
you want some gum I really don't know
what to celebrate on Christmas because
my mom believes in Buddhist and my dad
Spanish my mommy told me Santa like soy
milk with extra extra like sugar cookies
you know what I don't get about
Christmas last year I saw considering
that he was black they went to the mall
and he was white I don't get why he's
not Michael Jackson changing on so I
need to figure out who would you be was
all of my siblings think that say that
use all the cookies but really I just
wake up early made all of them my
parents said that Santa's coming tonight
but apparently not because there's
already presents under the tree
every time Christmas comes around I need
to get what I want this time if I don't
get what I want I'm gonna burn down
North Pole Christmas is one of my
favorite holidays because it starts with
the letter C which is my favorite number
for Christmas my dad wants me to get
some toys because baby Jesus was
exploited last Christmas I asked for hot
meals instead I got this and put that
brush always gets marshmallows in the
stocking - you're cutting my here we do
that too sometimes my parents confuse me
with the dog so last year all I got the
dog food
I know we've only known each other for
seven days but would you like to be my
wife
do you like chocolate me and my brother
loved the big syrup and each other's
doggies for hilarious price right yeah
did you give me something for Christmas
yes so Shanna gave me this stocking
now reach in and find out what's there
what are you there's nothing in there
because you aren't worthy at present I
can open it
my Christmas present or a a tiger or a
stud fight what do you want for
christmas by the way let's go
Merry Christmas you analyze Merry
Christmas Merry Christmas that Santa
Claus is such a jerk that Jack gave me a
pair of pliers for crush my socket
wrench
Merry Christmas everybody watch some of
this I also have to go broke
