guys whoa it's welcome to blocks but
looking outside either really earlier
really late you decide ah it's late
because we just had dinner we didn't
vlog dinner which is rare okay
yeah so we're starting the block here
and hope you're okay with that if you're
not stop watching but I hope you are
before we go out to do it we have
planned the ladies each have fan mail
this isn't in the fan mail video
obviously but it's a new surprise
everyone said this
maybe you're gonna short a short
intermission yeah hi Mary I'm Amy I'm 50
and I'm from Fort Worth Texas I've been
watching you on Andy and Justin's blogs
for quite a while now and you always
keep me smiling and laughing and you
seem like a very kind hearted person - I
hope you have a very wonderful day lots
of luck from your biggest fan xoxo I'm
not crying onions who's cutting onions
from Amy - and I'm gonna just read it
because Amy is an awesome writer and she
wrote a lot so I have been watching it
your YouTube channel since you first
uploaded and I have been such a big fan
of your photography the photos you take
are so beautiful in our search
and your blog posts are just amazing
before I start watching your videos I
was way too scared to tell anyone about
money fighting but then I started
watching your videos and they watch your
video tell girls this is for you that
was like one of my first videos but I
won't be too much because then I'll
start crying but that's awesome thank
you so much eating like that means so
much amy was asking about what kind of
camera that I use and I use a 70d and I
also have a t3i but if you want to dance
a lot of t3 eyes are really good yeah
like basic and those are not expensive
hey would you get Dairy Queen ah
this is awesome
it's a Christmas present from sarah
scott mhairi you are so so so beautiful
andrew is such a lucky guy your wedding
video was so sweet and you looked
stunning in your photo shoot with
Britney I have a blessed day stay
awesome love Sarah Scott that's awesome
though yeah thank you so this letter
says don't read on camera but I also got
a little DQ card so I'm excited okay so
thank you are you so excited
Organic is the only way to go okay on
the very top of the star right it's just
perfect for you guys it's kind of heavy
because it's like real wood yeah that's
an aura madness it'd be nice when we get
in the car we get to go look at
Christmas lights knowing why we are
coming up to our first stop of Christmas
lights huh yes oh it's a show holy crap
we Perkin the drive through the drive
driveway I mean drive wait what enough
talk about electric bill
it's slow music hope you guys liked our
dance show there will be more but this
is the epic house of epoch here we need
a roll down the windows do these people
do a show to nobody this is probably the
most lights I've seen what they have so
many like nativity scenes it looks like
I got a la partie that is amazing yes so
there their lights alone cost a lot but
imagine their bill as well did you find
another one angel I sure did this is
called the triple I'll just put some
Knights up I can't
whoa Sanna between the houses
that's so cute I love these people
my heart is we're back from looking at
lights working on uploading I'm trying
to show you guys in a thumbnail okay
this is a thumbnail in progress we're
uploading the hoverboard fireworks show
that we did so it's pretty awesome
yeah but we're also gonna be making some
gingerbread houses out of graham
crackers with candy
so cookie some crackers that's what
we're doing over here is making icing to
hold everything together guys here's a
problem with always uploading YouTube
videos we don't know what to title the
vlog it's all it's about is basically we
do a Christmas show on our hoverboard
with fireworks so how do we arrange this
in the title I wish we knew which one
you guys would click on the most likely
you know yeah we don't you guys already
saw what it is but we're having trouble
right now and it's argue
Wow
well yeah you didn't do much either but
look at this oh stop all right you don't
they're done everybody and we wanted to
make one point clear what is that that
we were spending time after the girls
were finished we spent like 10 minutes
15 minutes longer than they did they
gave up with me and ager didn't know we
never give up on gingerbread houses we
all right all right so we'll start with
Mary's what is this called Mary you have
to give a name to your house the yellow
banana all right we're doing a full view
here it's a pretty classic house nice
front porch because you're the first
obvious that's what we need to get the
crappiest out of the way you're gonna be
sleeping on it for a while it's comfy
anyways moving on Alice's this is called
the yummy spaceship nice ship I see you
copied my design I actually finished
before you say you're broke oh yeah
Justin's really good let me just do that
no I'm pretty did you say this is your
garden or sing my garden okay yeah I
have a lot of things in mind and these
are my stones very stone work now moving
on what do you call this fine piece of
work this is the Galactic cabin as you
can see I've reinforced all the walls
with foil so because in space the sun's
rays are very hot
it bounces the race back off so you can
live in there peacefully has got look
out these are like lights that flash out
so no aliens can come in in the zone
because the lights are in the way I got
the kisses flag as well oh yeah they've
active solar panels as well and then
mine what is this this is called the
Golden Gopher well why don't you talk
about the features okay well keep
turning it you'll get to the front door
see this is the front door right there
and this is the padlet of that that was
a window that kind of fell down because
we have a midget staying over so I don't
really see out the window we had to
lower it but this front yard is full of
snow that's what that is and this is a
fence and these are the jingle tops see
you have kind of like an opening so snow
can get in your house it's not really
convenient
yeah yeah those are windows you can't
it's glass you can see through glass you
get out of my house this is a tire you
know like old tires are good decorations
and this is the worms so you guys know
that you've seen them all leave a
comment down below of your favorites and
why whose was the just who's who's blue
yours away who blowing who blow our mind
which house blew your body and why why
did it blow your mind we must know sure
when Rose might look really clean and
Mary's but mine might be more shiny and
you might like shiny things my well
shiny might scare you so that could be a
reason why you hate Justin and Andrew so
that's my Mike Brittany's better or
Mary's and Justin your
looks like a porterhouse so if you like
courting yeah you like parting you
should - I choose that what you like
gardens with lots of vegetables yeah
like there's like I have some celery and
some berries or just your basic basic
like if you're a minimalist if you're a
minimalist you might like Mary's house
yeah so just decide down below guys have
arguments we want a heated debate in the
comments yeah we really actually wanted
to be we will decide in the next vlog
who actually won Justin I don't know I
don't know but it's 10:30
almost 35 but we're going home no oh
really so you get to keep our cabins to
decorate your house with yeah we're
gonna put up the ginger bread cabins
yeah you can put them if you take them
off the little plastic yeah and you're
gonna keep them on a mantle mailing
ledge yeah if not we can burn them for
firewood in the fire that's it for the
vlog guys hope we kept the entertain
with our Christmas festivities and sorry
the vlogs have been going up a little
late later than anticipated each day
since it is Christmas we've been just
running around doing a bunch of things
but once Christmas is over we will be
back on normal schedule uploading vlogs
like during the launch or something and
we will be telling you exciting news
after Christmas so yeah I guess we'll
see you tomorrow good bye
oh my great Justin can't war Andrew
