good morning guys how is everybody doing
I'm doing great right now me and
Brittany are at this place we're getting
our faces checked because lately my face
has been getting camp bad and I hate
acne I'm sure you guys all can relate to
that
so it's annoying trying to see if we can
find some new product help us you know
get better skin so that's what we're
doing
which is salicylic an exfoliator which I
would like for both of you okay
eventually we might be able bring you
down to simply claim I think enough of
this room you that yes we got some
products this is gonna be good guys be
happy I'm so excited my face is so
telling the girls in there my face so
just crying for help when you know them
so that really helps because she's like
wanting to help us out a lot well yeah I
worked for them and um we're gonna she
needs some work still done and so I'm
going to we're gonna kind of trade which
is really fun and benefits everyone in
the process but yeah during this process
we'll let you guys know how it goes and
we can give you like some advice if it
works for us and if you guys are needing
any advice in regards to face stuff well
let you know for sure I think it's
always good to go like talk to some
unprofessional mean because I don't know
we went to Ulta and we were told that
Dermalogica was like the only thing that
would work for us and it was absolutely
awesome for us do not do Dermalogica cuz
I mean honestly someone it might work
for someone but for us it didn't work so
I don't know it might work for you guys
but if you just do be prepared because
Dermalogica is not cheap and that's why
they were so nice to us because they
felt bad it's like we buy it yeah logic
is work it stinks I have a new prank
Britt
it it's called nosing doesn't I could
never do that to a random person but
it'd be funny yeah I would be we're at
target now because Britney collects
toothbrushes so she's getting another
one well it's 6 o'clock right now I'm
meeting my dad you're at southern
southern hospitality which is we've been
here before delicious barbecue and then
we're going to see Star Wars again so my
dad hasn't seen it so I probably logged
much but that's what this evening is
going to consist of
yeah
as you know before the movie time to get
a quick beverage to bring in well we're
over at Andrews now what's happening
if you have a hoverboard ramp anywhere
um what just right here I guess Wow Wow
see I'm just eating up you can take your
hard work while I'm over here most meats
can you fly off this ledge here into the
dirt and go off-roading this is a heavy
did you make it we're ready wow you
didn't fall though that's a skill yeah
you can try now
oh right fastball is pretty good cuz
it's got dirt so it kind of ramps it for
you but you can go wherever you want I
didn't fall for the record yeah but the
tires in some deep dirt No
you just have to watch out for the dog
dirt dog dirt dog poo hey you get better
by doing things that are hard you
haven't tried before us you improve that
way hey hey I'll start here though
sometimes in life things don't work at
this plan you have to do sometimes
easier things Hey wow that was viral I
have a course for you okay maybe you
start your you have to go fast though
cuz it's a sinking sludge oh fast and
then a bit or a bland in the film what
if you try and go around in the snow
yeah all right here
best of luck eeeh
you need to build a ramp this is too
hard if you were faster you would avoid
the edge can you go that fast you drive
up on those looks like yeah I will try
all right I'm filming what are you doing
all right go is he saying danger danger
now
good luck ciao here's a trick
alright you jump on is just gonna sneak
sink in the snow I wish there was an ice
link around here we can hover board on I
think do that'd be cool before we do
more hoverboard things let's guess
that's today's episode of guess what
Aaron's doing votes down
leave a comment if you were right you
guessed Aaron was watching vlogs you win
Aaron do you want to play hoverboard
madness with us let's play just yes or
no yes okay
alright we're outside now yep thank
goodness you have these lights or other
ways wouldn't be able see anything we're
setting up the Christmas hoverboard this
is gonna be a Christmas holiday special
with us I mean that's probably why you
click on this video cuz you could tell
it's it involves this and fireworks
since the last one did so well we want
to step it up a little bit but we have
to build this and figure it out we want
to put lights on it you know where
should we attach the device on the right
here yeah yeah look at that
we just put Christmas lights on the
hoverboard
Adri explain what are we doing this time
as well we're adding these are
firecrackers so okay
this is a stream so we're gonna put the
string on the board so when you're
driving we're gonna be trailing along
some firecrackers either okay these
aren't gonna do anything guys
right or just black hats level three
intensity this looks like a circus like
seriously looks like a some sort of
circus explosive device wake the
neighbors Oh fall for slip sleeping a
six pm don't let mom see ya are we gonna
put this I turn the lights off these
were her lights she put them up for
decorations in the house and we took
them down
yeah mom's gonna ground us all if we eat
I know mainly air No okay that's not
true
that's cool thanks that's really cool
yeah I did it we didn't think you'd
react that way my lights down the first
time you did it was very cool new
surprises well well she said it was very
cool you're not grounded did it yeah
haha Aaron actually gets a raise in
allowance this week Oh
seven she said something but yeah yes
any other things we need to do to this
thing
yeah it's called launch can you see out
here uh yeah I can see pretty well
you're destroying the lights how does
that light that looks
no that's honourable see that's cool and
we got the backdrop the moon some lights
all right you want to just do a little
test drive around oh you got to turn on
the switch turn on the switch
ah hey hey what
don't step on a light yeah my mom will
kill our right turn that light off you
beam this is so apt bitch
alright so they have to light it now for
be light a sparkler
Merry Christmas
huh
what
oh I fell off the tail fireworks machine
gun activate I don't know why the board
does that it's ears like a little me
turn it sure it yep
you fixed it so in a female folks sent
letters to Brittany and Brandon which is
so cool so she's so nice so somebody's
gonna make him stay
I was looking for the camera two thumbs
guys well that's the end of the vlog we
hope you guys enjoyed fireworks with
hoverboard we want to do more of that so
leave a like andrew did you like all the
comments of the vlog from your speech
yeah those are nice you guys have left
so many i haven't got a chance to look
at them all but it's cool to see like
all the different conversations going i
say it's nice to see people just having
discussions not yelling at each other
that's the main main point yeah we need
to have more discussions and no
arguments everyone has different
opinions and we just need to accept that
coming up they Oh nuts also Andrew looks
like a floppy piece of pizza which is
stuff you do yeah we're gonna look at
more comments later this evening and
reply to some thanks for always leaving
comments and we will see you guys
tomorrow
goodbye
