good morning everybody oh man these last
two days today and yesterday have been
kind of rough for me Brittany in my
family because if you guys watched a few
vlogs ago we were talking about our a
close family friend their son passed
away recently
and today was his ceremony and yesterday
was his viewing of the casket and
everything and I'm gonna be honest with
you guys I have never been to a fuel or
a ceremony before only once in my life
and that was this year so this is the
second one and it really just opens up
your eyes anybody who went there opens
up your eyes like and gives you let's
see it's just a good reminder that life
is so short
and I have mean honestly I could talk
about this a lot and I think I'm gonna
make a video soon just to specifically
address how I'm feeling about life and
just some general things that have been
on my mind lately and so I feel like it
could help some people out and that's
just something I want to do so I'm gonna
probably do that soon but yeah that's
just what that's what's been happening
obviously we didn't vlog it because
that's something you would never want to
vlog but that's what's been going I just
thought I'd let you guys know but
although yes it is a sad time that he
died
we got to celebrate his life and he is
in heaven so that's an awesome feeling
we'll get to see him again in heaven so
something that you know gives peace to
the family and us and he had a great
life taught us a lot of lesson so it was
good
but anyways another no I don't want to
start the vlog all sad and everything
don't worry the rest of log won't be sad
we're going I'm going over to Andrews
right now because we're opening fan mail
I know I know you guys have been waiting
for and asking for for the longest time
I am so sorry we have delayed and not
open any fan now it's almost Christmas I
know but you have said you sent us
Christmas things and so we're just gonna
go open it now just got to Andrew's
house and we counted out all the letters
how many are there yeah we have never
had this many letters I don't think but
that's our fault because we haven't
checked family on the decade
unfortunately I got some packages right
here so this video we don't know if
we're gonna have to break it up into two
or what cuz this is gonna take hours to
open all this well we just finished
filming part of the fan mail video we
still have some more letters probably
like 20 here this is the official bulb
ami bag which a fan actually sent us so
each was epic by the way there's a lot
of money in here though whoa if you guys
have missed the other fan mail vlogs
somebody named Jonah sent us tons of
money he's probably sent us like $200
plus I don't know why but actually I do
know why he wants to see and Rugal ball
it's getting closer every day this is
actually kind of heavy now oh wow
you guys back with vlogs I'm putting
this blanket on the couch because
hopefully it'll be a nice decoration I'm
hoping there but yeah
meri and I are actually going into
Breckenridge because we're gonna stay
the night up there and go snowboarding
so this would be fun okay just kidding
that's what it looks like I'm not sure
if I like this blanket I mean uh oh I I
like this blanket but I don't know if
that looks good here wow you yeah it's
kind of cool but I just don't know edges
I just I just don't know all right back
home and I'm taking Daisy for a quick
little walk around the block because
she's been home and actually me and
Brittany are going over to Tyler and
Becca's house because we're hanging with
Tyler Tyler and Becca and we're all
having like a brainstorming session
about like what we want to do in life
acting and just hanging out really and
then we're watching some film but you
gotta take care of the dog before we go
because she needs exercise - ain't that
right Daisy
dizzy Brittany you have some fan mail -
I feel so bad you know who you are and
this is from you and I feel so bad
because this was like so long and we
lost this package in our car I don't
know how that's even possible but then
we found it
so now I'm opening it up oh my goodness
oh my god miss beauty mark
make your mark I can cry right now this
is amazing like I have chills oh my god
there a president here it's the shoe
fits let's just see what this is okay
that's it a mirror I think maybe this is
the thing that exploded I can't really
open it cuz it's hard it's lip balm I
love this
this is like amazing thank you so much
masa and I am so sorry I took us forever
to like get this on film and even
Daisy's upset so before we head over we
haven't had dinner yet so we're just
getting a smoothie healthy smoothie
yeah hey
yes
yeah I just want to show you guys this
bless this garden you guys have a whole
garden over here got some caffee what's
happening she built that what are we
doing here tonight by the way everybody
watch movies like for real well then
let's get to it
well we just got back from hanging at
the their house 11:30 oh we got a new
microwave by the way it stopped working
I know you guys really care about our
microwave so I just have to let you know
about this but it was a fantastic night
over at their house what did you think
about it brick now whatever I like about
going over there too although we didn't
really blog any of it it's kind of hard
sometimes to vlog to be honest because
you want to be in the moment you always
you don't always want to have like the
camera so that's what I've learned but
um we were just kind of we watch this
like little documentary and we talked
about God it's just like kind of like a
mini Bible study session like we were
asking questions and how he felt about
certain topics oh it's really it was
really fun and we're gonna try and do
that more often every week because I
feel like that's neat is in our lives
but yeah that's what we were doing and
Andrew I think he told you earlier seven
breckenridge Aaron what's that theme
behind you so my lip is kind of busted
open it's just really dry so
say they're to really say at least I
can't wait see yours can you see mine
that's what I wanted to say oh we are in
Breckenridge right now just show off
this room let's do a quick room to her
all right you want to be our guide no
yeah you do okay one more okay hey knock
it off there we go
front door six person dining room table
full kitchen it's kind of like a bar
setting
yes appreciate it it's very nice nice
nice like a couch a merry Oh Mary
installed huh 50-inch plasma
only problem is no no this sucks
we've got a nice fireplace to keep you
warm and cozy when it snows on Cain and
then come here to this master bedroom
Wow I think this is a king-size you get
a little chair for random lonely Gilbert
a lonely Gilbert whoa excellent whoa
I've got like a it's like a half bath
half Jack and Jill because you can go
through that way to person tub into this
bathroom the one of the best parts of
this unit here is the view come out here
on the patio hole I mean that's the ski
lift right there
this is just crazy were you guys going
we're gonna go get food
this person has light-up sneakers and in
the Christmas spirit Brad the storks
we're gonna get some supplies for
breakfast in the morning I don't know
what I'm feeling like what do you
feeling like eggs eggs and prove that
sounds good to me
guys look baby pineapples
this is the baby pineapple and this is
the dad pineapple but the sad thing is
this baby pineapple is $2.99 or you can
get two big ones for five bucks
we got our eggs and fruit from the store
but we made a critical error we wanted
to go to the grocery store first get
food and then grab a bite to eat and
bring it back to the place we're gonna
go the subway but everywhere here closes
at 9:00 and when we got to Subway it was
like 905 this place looks open
yeah I can't wait to eat these guys
you're eating both yep what are you
having for dinner time to eat I got a
chicken burger one ham and pineapple and
he's got this firecracker sauce what'd
you get
I got a chicken burger with green chili
sauce and chicken Oh chicken tiger jack
cheese plus sounds good let's eat I was
a great dinner but they have a little
shop here a little snack ooh I love this
I really wanted to dessert snack so I
got a Snickers ice cream guard mmm it's
morning now take a look outside
there's no one in line we got to get out
there and it's snowing this is gonna be
so fun it's just gonna be good
bananas a little upset for two reasons
first reason I forgot my snowboarding
socks Oh so after where are two pairs of
mid calves second reason that I'm very
upset I had a really really fun idea we
have these battery powered lights and
you just flip the switch and I turn on
and they're like no maybe eight feet
long but I wanted to bring me at three
pairs own I wanted to bring them and we
can all attach them to our snowboards as
Christmas lights and go down the
mountain
stop you can go down the mountain with
Christmas light up boards it would have
been so epic and who forgot them married
you ready I am ready to shred
there's Cynthia
on something
getting ready to do the worst lift here
the t-bar Datchet ugh it's easy for a
skier but boarding is hard hey guys hey
how is t-bar
it's so painful right here out made it
to the top though can't see anything
this knowing but well you ready it's
Santa yo Aaron really wants a new pair
of unders for Christmas
who's ready for snowboarding yeah Santa
go Jed we're waiting for you everyone's
desperate to get pics with Santa
all done boarding that was a fun day but
now it's time to get some food it
actually opened now you hungry yeah what
do you want yeah I have a new sandwich a
turkey italiano but I'm gonna get the
Italian PMC
so Nick was just eating a sandwich and
bit his lip for no reason
let's do that for meeting a sandwich
excuse me do you guys know where dad is
dad oh you haven't seen them all right
sorry they have not seen dad I don't
know where he is snow is coming down oh
whoa you okay bud
that's not good
milk migrating be alert awareness he's a
milk
milk migrating be alert I want to see
some milk we made it back home
Mary's watching mash this is like your
favorite show isn't it yes I never
really got into mash yeah I guess not no
all right so I asked you guys if you
wanted me to read you that one sentence
from this book and a lot of you wrote
comments saying you did so I'm gonna
read it to you the chapter one of this
book is titled our picture of the
universe and it basically just kind of
has a little overview of what we think
the universe is some earlier astronomers
and scientists that had figures of the
universe and towards the end of the
chapter is when I came across a sentence
that was really kind of interesting you
guys have probably all heard the Big
Bang Theory which basically says that
the universe started as like a single
point and that blew up and the universe
is expanding from that so they can see
that the universe is expanding and each
day is like this so if you reverse that
thinking yesterday it was like this
yesterday was like this yesterday was
like this and it's smaller smaller
smaller until it's all in one point and
blew up 14 billion years ago so that's
what the Big Bang Theory is and you guys
are probably familiar with chapter 1 of
this book Genesis says and God said let
there be light and there was light
and I've heard a lot of people say that
maybe that's a big outro it sounds
similar so maybe I don't know you see
science and religion haven't always gone
together perfectly well there's always
those little points where the kind of
buttheads the Big Bang Theory says that
the universe took 14 billion years to
expand where it is now and the Bible
says that God made it in six days took
the seventh day off and I mean it
doesn't really specifically say if those
days were like 24-hour days or if
they're a little bit longer periods of
time but either way the timeline still
don't really you know match up I'm about
to read that sentence that Stephen
Hawking
in his book I haven't heard this idea
before so it's brand new to me but it
might not be to you I don't know so
let's go ahead and read it you ready if
the universe is expanding there may be
physical reasons why there had to be a
beginning now here comes the interesting
part one could still Majan that God
created the universe at the instant of
the Big Bang or even afterwards in just
such a way as to make it look as though
there had been a Big Bang what what he's
basically saying is that like maybe God
created the universe as possible he made
in six days but expanded everything and
put it just the way it is and made it
look like it took 14 billion years to do
that that's really interesting and
that's coming from a guy Stephen Hawking
who doesn't really believe in God and
he's making like a bridge between the
two and I think that's really cool so
after I read that sentence I kind of
took a break and kind of thought about
it for a second you know just saying if
that was true like why would God do that
why would he make the universe look like
it took 14 billion years and made from a
Big Bang Theory hmm one of the main
themes of this book is faith this is
God's Word and he wants you to have
faith in what he's told you what's
written down in here so even though the
universe might seem like it took 14
billion years even though it seems like
there might be a Big Bang and there's
you know you can see evidence with your
eyes he wants you to have faith on what
he's told you and that is coming from
this atheist Stephen Hawking I mean
don't you guys think that's cool I do
anyways thanks for watching today's vlog
and thanks for listening to what I had
to say I just wanted to share that with
you and I appreciate you guys wanting to
listen that means a lot it's almost
Christmas a few more days and we'll see
you guys tomorrow
jingle all the way oh what fun it is to
ride in a one-horse open sleigh
