I don't know
good morning guys
we was actually like lunchtime 1:30
yeah we're here at noodles and company
for lunch I had $4.00 off so why not and
here's what we got this I got this Greek
wrap with this it came with a side
Caesar got this little pizza what is
this so getting our food inks or really
hungry really had bacon for breakfast
when I get in the car go after we eat we
have to tell you something that was
scary that happened last night and both
pretty so we'll talk about that here in
a minute
what is up crazy Donuts or at the dog
park with Buford's hey buddy Mary of
course hi oh hey sorry if it's kind of
windy but yesterday I brought the vault
camera because we were out like all day
just kind of running around as I'm
shopping and that kind of stuff I
brought the vlog camera but I pulled it
out to start blogging because we were at
pay way getting lunch and these bros
like we're already sitting down there
like hoi a it's like whoa hey what's up
guys
took out the camera to start vlogging
and it wouldn't turn on and I was like
why just there's no battery in it uh-uh
so much mud all crap
how's lunch Brett you feel better good
we're at Whole Foods now because we have
these bottles and if you return these
bottles they give you a dollar fifty for
each bottle honest this is the milk and
root beer milk we you should buy so yes
grocery money you guys want to see the
most beautiful desserts you've ever seen
in your lives
oh my gosh these cupcakes are insane
Whole Foods really how does themselves
this year yeah it's a turkey about the
Christmas
like me somebody give these folks a
raise okay what are you doing over there
Buford come here do not jump on me see
he doesn't care he's just walking
through the mud he doesn't know that he
has to get back in the car get the seat
salt money you jump on Mary be funny
jump on Mary okay buddy okay he just
wants to say hi
look he's a friend he's a friend that's
all for the dog park but this dog right
over here oh you can't see him now he
had a tie-dye sweater on the dog and
it's like a tie-dyed shirt like it was
his title sure please come on a dog oh
it was like a guy's shirt yeah human
sure it wasn't a dog shirt yeah he like
tied up anyway the dog's name is potato
he's off to potatoes almost - yeah this
is a funny name for a dog potato how do
you think about potato Buford what are
your thoughts
you wouldn't say hi do you like potato
oh okay bye potato what are you doing
come on Buford asking it rinsed off cuz
you're full of mud you got lots of
button yeah so the thing about Buford is
he's great with people he loves them
he's like he'll I just lay on your lap
and cuddle with you but uh when it comes
other dogs
not so much he's not very friendly to
other dogs he's like just very
protective of mean Mary and everyone
else in her family so we're trying to
give him back in the groove of hanging
out with other dogs because you don't
really hang out with anybody else
besides spirit now she's gone he needs a
new friend to hang out with in the
backyard he gets lonely but he's not
staying over here you quite yet because
our fence is kind of falling down and
there's a couple boards missing
and our neighbors have a bulldog which
he can basically stick his whole head
through the fence so if we just put
Buford back there they're probably just
backing up
how's your back Buford just finished
watching a Christmas movie Oh
Mary's going to what are you going
birthday party where is it Loveland
Oakland but are gonna be overnight guys
are staying at a hotel it'll be back
tomorrow what tomorrow night Oh midnight
I miss you I miss you
alright so to quickly tell you guys what
happened last night that was kind of
scary
was basically Brittany passed out in the
middle of the night in the bathroom
and I had no idea what was going on I
walked in she calls my name in all night
I start I kind of get freaked out cuz
I'm like okay what's going on I go in
the bathroom she's in the floor and then
like then she just right when I walk in
she just falls over and then she starts
tensing up and I was getting really
concerned and I did not know like what's
going on I have a history of passing out
and I haven't done it in a really long
time because if I you know especially if
I have like let's say coffee and then I
just don't eat any like protein or
anything like good for my body and then
I will pass out so this time was really
frustrating and really weird because I
ate and I wasn't hungry and most the
time I can feel if my body needs food
you know me like my hands start to like
shake and sweat and I I feel dizzy and
sick to my stomach and I felt completely
fine moral of the story is make sure you
eat your food drink a lot of water cuz
you don't want to have any scary
situations guys I was freaked out last
night cuz she wasn't moving and I was
just we did a good job though Thanks
and her mom came over and it was really
nice of her to come yes say I'm here for
you I was like I just want my mom
sometimes you just need your mom but we
got some vitamins at the store because
vitamins are good for you well these
vitamins are it's iron and I'm I just I
feel really really weak and so
probably just losing a lot of I'm
iron-deficient anyway it's just thought
we'd update you guys since we include
you in our lives so that's what happened
last night no bomb to his first video
photo shoot today you know and I don't
feel like myself but we'll do it this
week it's really cold out anyway like it
seriously gotten so cold run dirt
parking grounder now because we're going
to the mall we have to finish some
Christmas shopping last-minute Christmas
shopping but it's got it's been dropping
like so many degrees since this morning
this morning was like really warm and
now it's like windy and freezing Justin
and I are like in light jackets and he's
in shorts and I'm in like flat frozen
cookie dough hmm it's blue because we
made uh blue cookies it's bedtime now
just got home from Colton's Christmas
party we're all hanging out over there I
don't think we've logged it but it was
fun I think we've walked last year so
you can go back and watch that and yeah
it's basically the same thing just doing
some reading
we had Steven Hawkings a brief history
of time I love science and space is like
so interesting to me so this has been a
fun book to read so far about halfway
through yeah when I was little all I
wanted to be was like an astronaut
probably up till about seventh grade
maybe I still loved space so if anybody
wanted to invite invite me to the moon
go to Mars I would say yes like I said
I'm already halfway through so that
means I read chapter one a little bit
ago and when I was reading chapter one
of this book there was one sentence in
it that I don't want to say it was like
mind blowing but it was you know just
like wow I haven't I had thought of it
that way but
or and it related a lot to chapter one
of this book if you guys want me to read
you that one sentence that from this
science book that relates to this book
the Bible leave a comment down below
because I'd be more than happy to read
you a little excerpt from this book what
could it be
it's a cliffhanger if you want to know
leave a comment and I'll read it to you
yeah so I'm probably gonna go to bed now
might do a morning routine in the
morning just for fun but first some
Seinfeld yeah I guess this person forgot
to put on their jacket
what is this
so now you get a little taste and what I
do and we're watching the Broncos game
Oh touchdown we got some pizza some home
run in because this is all natural no
preservatives okay and it's good guys
it's snowing out here I didn't know it
supposed to snow today
get back inside that's the end of the
vlog today everybody we have something
to tell you guys but not in this vlog
next month me and Brittany are going on
a trip somewhere and it's not in America
and Andrew is also going somewhere
separate so let's just say blogs are
going to get pretty epic in the coming
month but I'll tell you that um maybe in
a couple days or something so but just
to give you like a little sneak peek at
what our schedule looks like that's
what's going to be happening we're
traveling anyways um I guess we'll see
you guys back here tomorrow thanks again
for coming back and watching our vlogs
every day and all the nice comments and
leaving the thumbs up we appreciate your
support and we hope you guys are having
a great day goodbye how desperate are
you for Star Wars
not it all right
