good morning guys time to head home
goodbye log-cabin it was fun sleeping in
there and a hot tub in there yeah
friends in there now we have a two and a
half hour drive home so let's go don't
want to show you something about in
Breckenridge I'm excited
starwars socks they comes with three
compatible flavors they strong trooper
and the scout trooper and then as snow
trooper did you know that people are
already waiting outside the movie
theaters to see Star Wars wives they're
freezing outside but guess what
incredible newsletter tonight yeah but
that was a pun
haha okay listen you see it snakes if
you know what I mean
alright guys we made it back from the
long drive and I got all showered up cuz
I Sui snowboarded again this morning
didn't film it just wonder you know
snowboard without filming but we haven't
told you what's happening right now
so do you guys remember a few vlogs ago
we said this but we will not be stopped
we will get inside this is one of these
news stations we want one of them to
interview us on set just do it they
interviewed best big guys so yeah they
can interview us if they want if they
want but it doesn't appear they want to
and now it's happening what is it the
news is coming over to interview us we
didn't ask them or anything and look
they're actually calling right now oh no
worries we actually just got over so
that you're fine perfect well be here I
know I just they actually reached out to
us because they saw our Star Wars video
and they saw that we filmed a hit here
in Colorado so they're like hey can we
do a quick interview sure I just think
it's so funny huh just a couple videos
ago
you don't news I know and what we said
relation it's awesome so it'll be here
shortly
they're here we think I speak through
here it's a gift
they are scary oh crap so they want to
do an interview it with us I'm not a
costume so either Jedi and Andrews TIE
fighter man this is hang with me x-wing
get it right sorry did I scare you hey
who are you guys by the way yeah like
what do you do and you guys are here to
interview us here to interview you talk
about this video going viral
oh these are my shoes
Jedi shoes alright we use the Force yeah
we have no idea we're just Yellin just
doing it for fun and it's cool people
are sharing on Facebook people excited I
feel like watching it yeah getting
excited yeah if you're going to see the
new Star Wars movie you better be on
goodbye everybody you too yeah oh yeah
you better put your shoes on I mean you
can walk out there if you want without
shoes so who here thinks that was an
awkward interview this guy me it was
just we weren't even really trying to be
awkward it was just like it just happens
like they what they asked a question we
answer and then we just sit there day
maybe for that thing she was kind of
think of the next question
so it was like in-between moment moment
yeah Wells Fargo thanks kr deal for
interviewing lessons we will accept all
interviews from any other news stations
don't all come at once though our door
is always open
right so now that the interview is done
we wanted to come to the movie theater
to check out because some people are
staying the night outside okay there's a
tent here 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 Tovar
there man like and it is freezing
outside so these people must be like ice
cold right now
but it makes sense cuz Star Wars is
pretty effort epic what nothing is worth
being this cold yeah that's true I don't
know if I can stay outside that long
right now movie that makes no sense
do some people are desperate for Star
Wars only guys understand it right am i
right fellas
we are back home and I want to show you
guys something
so as you a lot of you know I'm really
into movies and lately I've been getting
really into like buying movies that I
really like and so today I just went to
the store and bought this the new
Mission Impossible actually really liked
this movie and I got the steal case
which I think is so cool
so I want to show you guys what it looks
like yeah I wanted to get the Scorch
Trials one but they were sold out so I'm
probably at that another time but like
10 o'clock right now we're gonna watch
that and then tomorrow we're gonna get
prepared for Star Wars we're seeing it
at midnight I think me and Brittany are
gonna try and dress up we'll probably
have some lightsaber duels before the
movie because there's gonna be so many
people there like like you saw earlier
people already came out so hopefully
there will be a bunch of other Star Wars
fanatics and we'll all hang out and have
fun yes let's do it
Rosi
hey you off the counter but hey Daisy
you might say potatoes yeah us the
potatoes Daisy today is the day that a
lot of people have been waiting for
actually the new Star Wars movie is
coming out today and we are going to the
midnight premiere so we're preparing for
this epic event by hey you vlogging me
no oh okay
we're at Party City because we want to
see if they have any Star Wars costumes
because Andrew and Mary have Star Wars
costumes and we want to you know fit in
there's gonna be a ton of people
probably dressing up for this so if they
have any cheap costumes we might get
them just for fun well we decided to not
get anything we think it might be funny
if we just wear like a costume that has
nothing to do with Star Wars twelve like
a Domanick costume a woody a Santa so I
think that's what we're gonna do but I'm
at Best Buy right now because I need
some eques because we need some extra
ink for a printer now it's time for a
quick Jumba juice because Britney found
a buy one get one online so we got just
all about them good deals here
thank you I think I got gypped a little
bit it's not for the top-up see yours
see well it looks like now it's seven
o'clock which means seven eight nine ten
eleven twelve five more hours until we
get to see the new Star Wars I haven't
been vlogging for the past few hours
because I've been just uh working on
some things editing videos and whatnot
just getting caught up and there's
nothing the film but I'm waiting for
Brittney to get home because we are
going over to Andrew and Mary's house
and we're gonna have some dinner and
watch a Star Wars Episode six so that we
know what's going on since we haven't
seen in a while what is this everybody
salad plus what's on the stove yeah
there's something on this there's
something on the stove Star Wars Revenge
of the Sith we have to get caught up
I just wanted to confuse I mean like us
Star Wars nerds aren't very tasty you
were saying that but yeah we're starting
like halfway through the movie because
we have to go to the theater here
because we have to wait in line because
it's gonna will show you the example
right now he walks he walks he walks he
walks he walks he walks he walks he
walks
Ewok he walk Oh all right before we get
to the theater you all know you got to
get snacks outside of the theater to
bring in
I mean unless the popcorn there's pretty
good but it's still overcharged but
still they've drinks he tagged it yes
and luckily Colton and Austin and some
of the other bros hardy at the theater
so they saved us like spots in line and
the movie still doesn't start so three
hours Andrew and Mary are dressed up me
and Brittany as you saw earlier we just
didn't get anything didn't happen you
guys like me walks oh yeah Brit we're
happy walk from the Star Wars cereal
section Princess Leia
that is so awesome yeah that one's not
dad Andrew what'd you get for a movie oh
I got this so I stay awake and some hand
lotion this is my hands are raw I got
this all you guys got that yeah me Mary
and Brittany got mystic mango kombucha
now we are a chick-fil-a because we want
to bring it in we want snacks yeah
rebel scum my name is on my interview hi
it's gonna be two separate orders I
would like a spicy chicken saber yeah
just the Nuggets yeah
Chewbacca already all right Darth Vader
out can it just be for both orders
yeah sorry about that do you love Star
Wars as much as my wife yeah yeah Mary's
quite the fan well we made it to the
movie theater and Andrews letting me
borrow his helmet since I don't have
anything and we got the lights game it
let's try it out yeah hopefully some
people in there have lightsabers we have
a big duel all these people leaving I've
already seen the movie lucky aw crap
what's wrong with these idiots yeah
okay
what at that
ah what are they doing with our lives
holy crap what is this awesome Brit I've
never seen this at the movies before I'm
selling Star Wars here so many people
holy crap the excited Brit I've never
been to such a big movie experience yes
guys the cross is here
oh and cold hey how's gone nice to meet
you man
Justin see ya all these fellows right
here are studying for finals that is
called dedication coming to see the
midnight premiere and studying okay so
we brought in some Star Wars fruit
snacks and we're going to see if we can
find the biggest star Wars fan so give
these - I have - yes - lets go find some
Star Wars fans pretty big fans here's a
fruit snack as a prize there's Star Wars
fruit snacks out this made my entire
sweet just maybe share with him cuz
you're gonna share with me may the force
be with you guys has a stronger stance
Bacchus there's some Star Wars food
snacks as a prize sweet thank you yeah
enjoy goodbye
whose biggest
have a shower speech next week
check out this helmet you can actually
wear it well whose is it
right
how desperate are you for star
all right divas not deserves fruit
snacks so we found some fifth Ward's of
Lord of the Sith have come
Oh
did you wash it off yeah we brought my
supers - oh but you have a picture
though what what thank you oh nice
outfit dude oh thanks telling a bit most
classic thanks for saying hey there was
me as the Emperor Sui French's is really
freaking awesome all but now you got
fruit snacks so they're watching our
video
hey you guys watch your video that's our
video yes did you know we're right here
what look at Andrews snapchatting look
at you
hey it's ten minutes till the movie
starts we got some popcorn
excitement overload he walks he walks he
walks he walks he walks the movies done
everybody
would you piss they kill Jar Jar Binks
not we wouldn't give away any spoilers
that was epic yeah I love that movie
yeah I thought was definitely better
than all the other ones but it was
definitely different
what what other thoughts did you have I
was just watching and I didn't want it
to end that was my thought but you know
at least we get Star Wars every year
yeah that's great
I am tired now though yeah it's like
2:00 a.m. past 2:00 a.m. yeah I'd like
to give a full analysis but maybe next
week yeah maybe I take you guys can all
see it and then yeah yeah we're gonna
give any spoilers out well good night
guys hey guys thanks for watching
today's vlog before we end it I want to
talk about something and this isn't
something I really want to talk about
but I feel like it should be brought up
recently a close family friend of ours
their son passed away and I won't go
into any details or anything but
something I want to start doing lately
is giving back I feel like just is
something that we as people need to work
on is giving back to other people
instead of you know always looking for
ways to help ourselves out so with that
being said there was a gopher
page setup for their family because it
was so sudden and they already have a
lot of bills and they have to
unfortunately pay for the funeral and I
can get really expensive and so it's
incredible it's already raised a ton of
money which i think is so cool but if
you guys have anything that you would
like to give a small as a dollar
everything does help and I know this
family would seriously appreciate
everything that anything that is donated
to them I will leave a link in the
description if you want to check it out
like I said I'm gonna start doing this
more often I might do it on every Sunday
where we upload a gift back type of
video where it's a new company or a new
person that I feel like we need to all
help out and if we come together as a
group of people and start helping people
out I feel like we can make the world a
better place if that's something you're
interested in and want to join me on
let's start making the world better and
helping out others so yeah that's pretty
much it
it's been it's really it was really hard
hearing the news so I just thought I'd
let you guys know yeah anyways thanks
for watching today's vlog we hope you
guys enjoyed it and we will be back here
tomorrow have a good night and goodbye I
feel at ease with myself you I feel
already of myself let us keep you how do
you feel of yourself I feel invigorated
of myself excited of myself
