hello you guys look it's snowing outside
yes the perfect time to snow because
today is the day we're gonna be
snowboarding now I don't know how much
we'll be out of vlog because this is the
only camera we have and it's snowing and
it's hard to film when you don't have a
GoPro in the snow all snowboarding but
we'll try our best to get some shots boy
yeah it should be a fun-filled day
though for sure what it is deep get out
of the snow dude sorry yo guys ready to
snowboard today
where we at by the way what Hill
keep coming
Oh nuts this is so peaceful here how you
feel I feel at ease with myself you I
feel already of myself now this keep you
how do you feel of yourself I feel
invigorated of myself excited of myself
yeah first one today I'm not gonna blog
this one because I've got to get back in
the groove you know what I mean haven't
been for a while so let's do this
- snowboard
well vlogging that's no boring I haven't
really fallen today's
read back from snowboarding time to
upload vlog yeah this is the short vlog
you guys watched all right log it short
yeah really we are sorry well as yeah
we're busy more we have long blogs now
now time to do a photo shoot with all of
these ladies they all did got their
makeup done like oh my gosh
can you get a close-up of all of this
what does my life become doing photo
shoots with ladies all the time all
right
where are we going
I'm not only the photographer for the
ladies I'm also a prop holder beanies
starves this is just so fabulous DJ you
know his snow is deep when you have to
use a broom as an HP booth holy crypt
time to go finish pranking yeah okay
guys so we're out filming it's freezing
we're in a store right now but we just
wanted to show this it looks like a
pretty cool you know vest I mean nothing
to particular about it how much would
you want to pay for this like a few
thoughts of the store yeah how much
would you guess this would be 57 9:57 95
well let's take a look at the price tag
we can get it for just a cool payment of
$575
this is a pure raccoon that is the most
insane thing I've heard there's honestly
someone insane
every come
dangers over here editing but I don't
know what he's doing the dress really
weird
I don't know if he has pants on
yeah we're in the kitchen it's pretty
awesome the what of the prank yeah sure
why are you filming me like that I'm
nothing you're being like awkward with
the camera I'm vlogging okay you think
we need a very unusual no not what else
am I supposed to vlog look you're being
unusual yep okay guys we're trying
something out lightsaber escaping youth
i got a connect my phone and apparently
i can kill the villains so hold on to
activate your lightsabers first
calibrate your phone initiate
for your statement you must burn it to
learn how to fight
press the bee sting op to activate your
lightsaber
Oh me forward
yoo-hoo I kill them why don't you do
that yeah
Paul holy crap just swing by the
suspension we had to be a lightsaber
I think if not looking for Hall there's
only one left that was fun for about two
seconds google playing the realities
that was augmented reality and it takes
like months and months months of
development for them for you to play it
for two minutes and say it sucked
uh-huh yeah diaries from a DJ knows
because he develops things well I mean
it was cool but like I can't just sit
here playing that all day but they want
you to do it but you clap you can't walk
forward you got to make a game that you
want to keep playing like just got
pranked
hmm you know would probably work better
than didn't show it to him before he
yeah yeah probably would have been
better DJ he got this phone from Verizon
that he should over them over I'm sure
they still don't know over there like I
don't think there does lose you do to
them oh yeah so let's say we do it must
be quiet
anyway DJ explain this phone so
basically it's a kind of shatterproof
screen so no matter how much you're
dropping it like won't break so that's
the whole reason why we keep dropping
yep it's really scary to drop
I was holding anything just drop it
it's a 4x2
I mean the battery's dead right now oh
yeah it would start on Gotham dude what
the heck
okay now it's broken
what are you serious right now I'm
burning of mine for free there's
pleasure me yeah what the heck you just
drop that I can't leave blogs hey guys
so it's 1:30 a.m. and we have been
talking around on speech with Siri and
another guy just came here Joseph
Costello and he's sleeping and so we're
gonna try and wake him up with Siri DJ
wrote a whole message and on his phone
but you guys will hear they are quiet
assassins NER alarm for tomorrow has
been set for 5:30 a.m. if you do not
wake up at this time there will be some
serious consequences if you could also
head into town right now to pick up some
pizzas for the boys that would be swell
if you are not awake please wake up this
message has been brought to you by loot
crate loot crate for all your cool loot
crate needs well that's it everybody
thank you so much for watching today
please leave a like if you guys are
enjoying the vlogs lately we have some
other cool vlogs coming up very soon so
stay tuned you know what I mean
and Christmas is right around the corner
we hope you guys all have a Merry
Christmas and we'll see you tomorrow
Wow
