good morning guys DJ say good morning
good morning were you making smoothies
with all these delicious fruits well not
those ones those are mine oh that's okay
well we are the a breakfast and we're
going out to prank no no all right we'll
see you later though he's outside
goodbye where's DJ said it oh it's a
beautiful day up here in Breckenridge
dadgum the biggest high school you've
ever seen I'm ready hello you trap all
the way down what is that is that a
chain yeah I think it's going through
the ground too like it just goes forever
that's pretty cool have to challenge I
got a knock knock cattle off the
dashboard yeah
it's okay
oh there it goes
all I want for Christmas is you we were
here last year at this thrift shop with
DJ bigdhaas was here last time but whoa
any awkward presence ouch right here say
something to get them to look what was
that if you guys want this president
it's six bucks very unique I don't know
what it is sir
all right Andrews first time to Frank
you ready to be awkward taking a quick
break and these belts are really cool by
the way
they have a time different flavors hey
guys you want to send us some belts now
what do you think guys
who can help us solve this mystery which
piece is the largest huh because now
this one's biggest but then if you move
this one to the front its bigger and
then this one is bigger too how much
time Hey oh it's green diamond time for
lunch lunch for me on the menu is chilli
rely on O volka veggie burgers what's on
your menu nachos with tofurkey and this
daya it's kind of easy but it's not
actually is dairy free that sounds
pretty good daya what are you having for
lunch
daya Oh Andrew what do you have your
village angles you know what the zombies
get it
put it down lock it up the key you put
your food in the microwave do you think
it's too loud you shut the cabinets
so random yeah yeah shut you no one
knows you're cooking in the middle of
the night potatoes you're making some
signs
this is gonna be the first part so where
I'm a bad Grinch being mean people and
then this is gonna be when I have the
revelation in them like you know what
I'm gonna be nice
that's cool
so big how do I get this in here we
found some really cool sunglasses
yes what do you guys think I think
they're pretty swag yeah
andrew has to try out of here these are
the Jamaican kind okay
yeah yeah
everything is 29 visions Christmas I'm a
doctor yes
that would be fabulous on your Christmas
list because it with the coolest and
hundreds of the pink bubblegum scissors
we found Andrews dream shirt and maybe
getting it
donut this makes me hungry I had one
that looked like that yesterday oh it is
it how much is it
it's just donut base layer 40 bucks
what throw it
Wow
hey have you guys heard of loot crate
yeah I know look great yeah this video
is sponsored by loot crate nice this is
a good picture yeah
this videos brought out by loot crate
have you heard of loot crate okay
just finished up for now get some good
stuff oh yeah this is gonna be really
good video actually look at high-yellow
yeah me too down here we're all hanging
out here for yeah I don't know what
we're eating for dinner but this lens
this looks like this
after dinner
go go go leftovers yes in fact you yeah
like I got some too might be yours
yes thank you
I'm gonna join in phones well J peebs
stand away from the cult starting to
sprinkle snow that means tomorrow it's
gonna be fresh powder for snowboarding
unfortunately we don't go pro though
still filming for his channel and he's
pretending to steal stuff guys
the girls arrived hey oh by the way
maybe you're told you guys
Britany changed the color gray hair and
it is the best like red is so cool I
think you're hearing right now I was
really cool unique red epic it is
finally time for the jacuzzi so last
night we were gonna go in the jacuzzi
but it was like bath water warm it was
terrible and so we turned it up to 104
and we're ready DJ why don't you take
your socks off yep flip it up okay
I run the hot tub playing a game and
Cody actually came up with that what
what are the rules the rules are so we
have to do a challenge and the loser has
to get up and run and do something so
the last one was you get up run across
the street and this thing dog ditch that
house that one it's like if you don't
write you lose and you have to do it
yeah and you got to run somewhere in the
snow a B C or D so it's my turn now and
I'm asking a both ways yeah I come up
with a question and Punishment so my
question is they didn't multiple choice
and the loser has to go into fresh she
just snow and fallen into one snow angel
the question is what am I thinking of
right now elf Santa
snowman or snow monster and I've wrote
the answer down in my phone which I'll
show you guys guys what seemed all right
there's the answer guys Andru go ahead
and guess snow monster yeah snowman elf
snow monster answer snow monster so
you've already done a few rounds and
this deck is getting so icy
have fun fellas Wow guys we're back from
the jacuzzi and look what we have up
here
a ps4 internet in battlefront so epic
but we gotta let it download and downs
this is the download screen you just get
to play as Darth Vader until it's done
downloading peanut butter banana
smoothie with cereal up and downs that
left and right bro
shots of smoothie I guess time to try
out some League of Legends how how do
you play this click with the mouse okay
folks as always thank you so much for
coming back and watching our vlogs we
seriously appreciate it
tomorrow we will be snowboarding so
that's gonna be a fun vlog and then Star
Wars premiere we have been waiting so
long for this moment so stay tuned and
we will see you guys back here tomorrow
good bye I'm getting a low angle shot
now go
