good morning everybody just kidding it's
nighttime here it's Sunday right now and
we haven't vlogged at all today because
actually me and Brittany went to a
concealed carry class for guns and so
that took about six hours but now me and
Andrew have an exciting adventure
planned for the next couple days we're
going up to Breckenridge to snowboard
with DJ from public prank Keith and
Paige you're gonna be there and we're
gonna make some videos vlogs
snowboarding you know what it's what's
gonna it's gonna be like so you ready
this is probably the most weird thing
I've seen who watch so much from that
car on advice and someone walking right
in front it's too dark everywhere else I
couldn't make sense to us but just from
afar if someone drives by it's like what
is this man doing yeah we got a two and
a half hour drive ahead so let's get
going
guys there's a cop following us but were
the only ones out here in the whole 50
mile range hold me over this were you
speeding he turned really oh just got so
nervous because I I can't this just
pitched no black in here but
Wow yeah I really didn't want a ticket
because obviously when you get a ticket
your insurance can go up you owe money I
don't want that thank you for sparing me
because he was just sitting on the side
of the road in the town and we drove by
and he just pulled out her fallas I was
going the speed limit 35 40 but I don't
know how many watts you can see from
behind you know I was behind them so how
would you know faster I don't know
we're just editing that toy video right
now I'll give you a quick clip that's it
all right after two and a half hours of
driving we have made it to the house now
we will give you a tour a full tour of
the house momentarily but we got to get
settled in first but here's the outside
holy log cabin let's get our bags and go
in all right so me and Andrew don't have
any groceries since we're gonna be up
here for the next few days so we're at a
local grocery store to get some
groceries but what'd you find
well it's comment of the day what's the
comment of the day today it's really a
long one so I'll make it brief the
reason I got to this city market over
Safeway and Whole Foods is in the
employees also hey I can't find what I
need I don't know who said that but
shout out to you maybe that's just the
new comment of the day the answer was no
good well guys we should be set for the
next couple days
Wow
stop stop
No made it back to the house let's go up
and say hi to the nice DJ did you guys
in true
hey true nice DJ DJ Cody we're all here
having a good time aren't we yep
it's not a good night right now and we
haven't done anything but eat food and
play ball when you're watching a Jace do
plug and you're like man I'm so hungry
this video sponsored by oranges Oh get
them at your local markets and they're
really good hey this might actually be a
great lock it up
yeah it's a great fruit what about this
good man what's happening guys alright
so we've been getting confused all day
because there's a bunch of these things
they're like text messages coming in and
they're called any very facts
we're victims of cyber attack getting
these random texts and it's just weird
facts about been hired either like now
hold these now we know that it's Cody
yeah why have you been pranking us
you've been playing the old a prank we
texted DJ from you and I was like okay
crank text or a scandal update so wasn't
Cody buddy he was hitting we still don't
know what it's helped us figure this out
DJ I think that it could be DJ you ready
yeah that's why you're the only smart
one here it's easy because he knows
better to not send it to me because I'm
like let me see your app DJ
we're working on tomorrow's video you
guys want to know what what it means
Wow do you wanna yes we want to know you
have a new sponsor guys this is exciting
because we haven't had a sponsor in a
while and this is actually a cool you
probably heard of them before
great great so they sent us a bunch of
cool presents and we want to give these
presents away to random victims victims
may be people who want presents for
Christmas
this blows yeah either perfect cuz it's
like we just have a ton of them now and
so in each box has like five presents
may be nice like package bombs so you
later follow we got something for you
like Blizzard Entertainment
got something for you you like
Mockingjay we got something like for
example this is we got it for example
you want the instruction each month they
give out a different type of box this
box for example is Doctor Who theme it's
like time theme no it's time for sorry
whatever time so it's all up into like
they have back to the future - it's a
spork really cool spork I can see myself
and then that's only one of the things
that comes down before it would open 4G
wait was not like the hoverboards that
are coming out now bright actual back to
the future though real yeah so you know
you can do pretty narf
oh that's kinda cool actually dr. Emmett
Brown I think those are cool this is
very cool I actually can I have that
and he even the DJ's gonna have to give
it away that comes in the - I'm just
gonna TJ no that's for strangers DJ no
stuck we haven't seen this yet the vault
boy good dude start wrapping this come
on come
by the way I love fallout as well all
right let me guess you like Doctor Who
and you like eating food baby not sure
if you need a spoon or a fork and you're
right right right
Doctor Who is on exploit you realize it
just Sheldon but DJ wanted to do is hit
intro with cutting-edge technology DJ
actually I was gonna film this oh you're
not allowed
yeah well that was already filming
here's our presence these are the
presents were handing out DJ there's no
you can't vlog here this is a present
someone wrapped is very good wrapping
skills DJ I said no vlogging okay yeah
what everybody a tour yet oh well this
is the living room did you guys won that
tour I can't remember to dinner
yeah really oh the kitchen let's go
no lovely island this is a big island
and cook things this is the laundry room
very exciting
were you guys wondering where the
almonds are they're right here yeah
that's the most of your house to her
wait please hide that stuff again ain't
living hangout quarters the d-string
Keith you made it guys
Wow beautiful oh that fan up there is
high
cheers eschewing me drop the pinecone I
got it
those dead of bunk beds oh these are
called bunk beds Ripple
yeah they got a bed under there this bed
and then this bed this is called the
master bedroom Wow giant couch thing
only two of them come on a five person
bathtub oh this isn't Hanyu
don't go out there guys they actually
have a spiral staircase would you have
to the hot tub which is freezing by the
way a corn hey Kourt are you doing in
the dark closet because there's another
dark closet inside but there's a lock on
it though making our way downstairs
walking in fast making friends broke the
bro dungeon
whoa that's a huge bed what made out of
pretzels this with the poo is this for
you're ruining the house to work look at
this is that a secret tunnel it's like a
tunnel it's framed what if I said just a
picture frame hey what kind of pictures
that if the minimalist design this is
not did you guys realize that this is
two bunk beds of very high size I'm
getting a low angle shot now go here's
the first-person view of how fun this is
that's the end of the house tour
so what do you guys see yeah what do you
rate this house bish ten one being super
lame one super lame 10:06 one super lame
ten off yep and before you rate just
remember that there's a bear in that
corner right there
I need my shortcut to get up the stairs
you go this way you fit through that
little hole but it's there it's an
option I'm wishing I'm filming in case
you Biff it DJ's making it through the
secret this is so convenient
ah this house just has so many surprises
well guys were going to bed now so yeah
it's so dark in here
hey DJ well what time is it right now
fine
goodnight everybody goodbye what we'll
see in the morning light off for pete's
sake hey DJ Sena do you mind going into
town to grab some pizzas for me and the
boys well guys that is it for today's
vlog before I end it I just want to say
thank you to loot crate for sending us
all the presents that we used in the
prank the prank is up so if you haven't
seen it go check it out I think it's
cool that they support us and are
willing to do work on this brain deal
with us I know a lot of people in the
YouTube world get annoyed at brand deals
but if you think about it this is how we
make our living guys and with companies
like loot crate they help support us and
continue doing what we do and help us do
even more anyways if you guys would like
to check out loot crate that would be
super awesome they gave us a discount
code down below 10% off you could just
click it and go check it out if it
interests you try it out and that will
mean you're supporting us as well but if
not that's okay too
but at least check them out because
they're really cool anyways we'll be
back tomorrow so I guess we'll see you
then good bye yeah here at the skate
park it's going pretty well you know did
some sweet tricks with the pie
fiberboard
goodie ride these guys
