all right we are here and look they got
these amazing huge vans
are you ready to officially see our baby
because we haven't like officially this
is one of their big I guess would you go
that's like a bus or van travel around
the country they have like over 30 of
these so cool about 30 pounds during
pregnancy but then they ask well a baby
is only 8 pounds 10 pounds where's the
rest of that come from well this is a
model of the uterus so it shows the size
and shape and the weights of New Year's
as well as the child inside it's like oh
oh my goodness so we're in the same
estate bust right now they're actually
shooting a promotional video for their
page and stuff I think they're having a
bunch of women come here and they're
giving free pregnancy tests and
ultrasounds so that's what we're
actually isn't this bus so cool
there's baby coming in their heads right
here you can see that little flutters a
heartbeat and then of course the arms
you know and the legs and a little tiny
flutter I'll try to zoom in for you yet
so that's heart right there and the
babies are actually facing towards us so
that's the face
this is crazy how fast the baby has
grown since we first saw it right
we first if you guys saw our first video
like it was like that big couldn't see
any like anything so
Brad I guess it's confirm that we hear
you're not having we're not having twins
I don't know things okay about that
hi guys Here I am look pretty comfy
right there
so Brittany's 14 years yes so this is in
your stomach maybe he's growing so fast
that's crazy it's feeding everything
eight weeks exercise maybe twenty two
weeks Oh about what we're now all
finished now get some food at
chick-fil-a but gosh
as I said in the van it's crazy to see
how fast our baby is growing
and oh man but how do you feel now do
you feel any different now that baby's
getting bigger it's just crazy to say
that like it's actually a baby because
like the last time that we had an
ultrasound it was like a little dot will
be it was like a little peep and now
it's like we saw the toes
he thought move ah that was insane
seeing the baby move technology is just
insane
are you a favorite scene yeah it's so
crazy cool
so we are now at the ob/gyn what are we
doing
whoo babies do it but we're not gonna
know until baby
yeah cuz I don't know if I mentioned I
think I did we're having a New Year's
Eve party and during the party that's
when we're doing the reveal I don't know
if it's gonna be a boy or a girl what's
your vote I think it's a girl
but you guys leave your comments now do
you think it's a boy or girl I think a
girl but I'm really excited for this
finally gonna know how many weeks each a
breath I can never be I was 19 19
what's in there
their speed this game so much bigger
than last time
it's folded up in there that's so cool
foot
but it's just seen see a move that's
just
look it's moving
he's moving baby is moving there's the
heart again
you can I see their bones
there's the femur and I know there's so
much to film
give me see the ribs right there it's
right now-she we have to look away
because she's getting the pictures of
the gender no peeking Brit okay we're
all done guys did you feel after my eyes
are like I know cuz she's always looking
down like that like this it's always
just surreal coming in and the
technology still just I don't know what
we're having
but just how amazing it is to see like
how tiny she says it's like the size of
a potato and to see all of like the body
being formed we don't have to do
anything this is cool yes he knows me
too
you got a seal that thing this is cool a
little strip okay you can see the spine
like in that already guys we are back
home and we have the gender in this card
sealed up we're not gonna open it until
New Year's Eve putting it on the fridge
we have a fun idea for our gender-reveal
party we're gonna be having so stay
tuned for that guys and we'll see if you
guys are right I think it's guy I think
it's a girl
but yeah seriously hope you hope you
guys enjoy these type of vlogs you know
family type vlogs of us just in our
lives and this new stage in our lives
for Andrew and Mary they're pregnant and
Britney nine pregnant gonna be some of
you may be wondering when Britney's
douchey is due in May so we got a lot a
little bit left but she's almost halfway
there and on to screen I shared a verse
earlier but I just wanted to read it out
loud in case some of you guys didn't
look it up but listen to this it's
Psalms 139 13 through
14 for you formed my inward parts you
covered me in my mother's womb I will
praise you for I am fearfully and
wonderfully made marvelous are your
works and that my soul knows very well
it shows so clearly in those two
ultrasounds how amazing God is how the
child is just formed you have to do
anything like still blows my mind every
time but anyways guys appreciate your
support in our Channel and all your nice
comments and prayers keep Andrew Mary in
your prayers because babies do any day
now so you'll be staying tuned for that
video coming soon on how to know one and
then also Britney but yeah hope you guys
have a great rest your day and we'll see
you back here from
