good morning everybody today is the day
if you watch yesterday's vlog we showed
you everything that we are planning on
doing today we finished the TIE fighter
obviously I'm wearing the Darth Vader
costume so if you haven't seen that vlog
make sure to check it out before you
continue watching this so you understand
but we have also a new friend here
Emerson
yes Andrew why don't you explain what
Emerson is going to be doing today
Merson is our unofficial intern he's
gonna be helping us film and he just
wants to learn more about filming so you
know that's for a little bit yeah so and
also me and Andrew are going to be able
to do do be in both shots together as
you guys know me and Andrew film
everything we do just me and him so we
can't always be in the same clips
well now it's possible here at Sonic
because you want to do a scene here but
we're going to ask them if they want to
play along and cooperate
guys so the scene we want to film here
is we want to have if you drive through
employee like hold the bag out the
window window just like this and then we
can fly by in the TIE fighter and just
grab it and fly away so we're asking to
see if they'd be okay with just holding
it out the window I'll turn on your
respirator now they aren't people people
people people
ya better see here you will we're
downtown now refill me no sorry we're
fixing the TIE fighter what happened
the wings are falling off why because
it's windy outside it don't death okay
I'll let you live this once
thank you just fix the ship I'm trying
to you two as fast as I can
oh no no
okay honestly it's kind of hard to vlog
as Darth Vader
it isn't best as I can do sorry we
haven't vlogged much guys it's hard to
vlog while we're pranking I'm sure you
understand that but now andrew is
getting into his costume yes and we're
going to have a battle is this a ton
what what is this costume
it's an x-wing fighter pilot what we're
gonna do is I'm gonna steal your TIE
fighter really yeah and then we have a
lightsaber duel right now yes find the
scenes in turn cam let's skate park
built that yep why because we're using a
TIE fighter at the skate park
it's beautiful gonna go forth choke some
of the skater broke up then equipment
oh dear dose brows over there had to
rebuild this thing like five times of a
dockside well the consequence
record section
here he goes
Aswad yeah here at the skate park it's
going pretty well you know did some
sweet tricks with the TIE fighter horn
pretty rad these guys got a flyer nice
horse
we're back at Sonic where we started
this time it's gonna work
there's no one in line so it'll be a
funny clip I hope and they said we can
do this so yeah it's also cold ever
since trying to warm up yeah Mozza
sticks motto sticks oh they're doing a
quick review clip you got make sure it's
acceptable
that was a fail yep that was the fail
what's happening under their misery it's
falling I'm trying to get this stand up
straight did you push it over or
something this is that straight now sure
okay it looks beautiful though Thanks
okay just the helmet looks so big well
guys that's all the vote we have for
today unfortunately it's not a long vlog
because sometimes that happens but we do
have already vlogs in store for tomorrow
you guys don't know where we are right
now do you know they have no idea well
maybe cuz he posted a couple of
Instagram pics yeah we've done some
snapchats to only those people will know
where we are but they'll be long vlogs
sorry again any last words for them I
want to talk about yesterday's video
real quick
oh just I feel like a lot of you didn't
understand that it was just just for fun
parity type of video just kinda me sad
see comments like you guys are just
doing this for views for money and
blivet yeah we had fun filming it and
fun editing it and I saw a comment said
like this is the worst video on your
channel so far which made us laugh but
it's like we are just having fun that's
why we make videos is because we like to
make ourselves laugh so if it makes us
laugh that mission accomplished yeah and
then if we're making you guys laugh and
keep you entertained then that's all
mean that's extra so yeah anyways thanks
for watching and I guess we will see you
guys tomorrow goodbye
Hey
