hey guys welcome back to vlogs I've been
working on this project all morning and
it's a prop for a prank video we wanted
to do you guys have probably seen that
Aladdin video where he's riding on the
hoverboard he's got the Latin road just
kind of cruising - did it it did it did
well anyways since Star Wars is coming
out yo anyway since Star Wars is coming
out we were trying to think of something
we could do with ever board and this is
what we came up with can you tell what
it is maybe maybe not but I've been
working on making some Thai fighter
wings yeah what we really want to do is
build a TIE fighter and an x-wing and
ride around on hoverboards and blasting
each other but I don't think we can be
able to build the x-wing is pretty
complicated so I just can go with the
TIE fighter so I got to paint these
wings black yeah so here's what the TIE
fighter looks like so I got paint the
wings like black man applied just use
like metallic duct tape or something to
make this silver part but then ya build
something in the middle I have an idea
for that still have this giant pumpkin
head and I think if you put it like this
and do some modifications ah I could be
a good Thai fighter so let's go paint
the wings got the spray paint black in
the backyard the first time doing
anything back here I'm gonna make some
Thai fighter wings
well hello okay paint can didn't work so
at Lowe's gotta get a new one
here we are black spray paint
that's what of this $0.99 spray paint
black I wonder if this is good quality
or not going with the 99 cent spray you
know you get what you pay for so
hopefully this sprays will do a quick
product review that way you guys know if
the 99 cent spray is worth your time
well I just made it to Andrews and I
brought over lunch it's just being
warmed up right now it's just a buffalo
chicken blue cheese burrito with beans
and then I got some chips with some guac
and some guac ease yes it's right now as
you probably just saw Andrew is making
the TIE fighter I guess but we haven't
edited and uploaded the vlog so that's
what I'm gonna do right now while Andrew
finishes painting and getting that all
set up and then later the pranking shall
begin hi
but you're back yeah you found the
problem
I'm trying we're testing this 99-cent
spray you buy this blows I know why
don't you test it
all right all done say it did pretty
well
now hopefully there's enough paint left
to do the backsides feels like there is
let it dry and then we'll flip it over
and do the rest would you just look at
how good of a job Andrew is doing all by
himself it's just amazing I almost
finished about paint can ran out Andrews
moving on to the side tape yeah this is
the best idea I had so it makes it look
very tight fighter ish all right guys
are you ready to see our progress with
this Thai fighter it's almost done
that's not Wow
I think it turned out pretty good I know
we just have to finish this attach it
quick we just uploaded today's vlog and
we couldn't think of a title for the
video and we also have been talking
about this before we YouTube lets you
upload a hundred characters in your
title we've never even come close to
that so we wanted to try it out so I'm
sure yeah
here's today's vlog title preparing for
our next big video you won't want to
miss this it involves Star Wars most
titles people will tell you most title
starts make them a shortened to the
point
not today a quick pit stop because Daisy
is very hungry
Wow you want some potatoes Daisy no dog
food Davey gets a potato
Daisy Lake looks a lot bigger than the
last time I saw her what she's like -
not that long way over can you guess who
sings this song
the best babe I'll show you my favorite
band focus your sisters about simple
acts of kindness just pulled in and
there's still 45 minutes left they
probably didn't do it on purpose though
but I do appreciate that we're downtown
Colorado Springs because we're going to
this costume shop it's apparently they
have some Star Wars outfits for rent
here we are
zees you lose basically the only costume
shop in Colorado Springs
yeah but they do a lot of stuff here Joe
magic jokes this is kind of scaring me
yeah I've been here guys
oh the Tin Man are in the rental area
they got this Santa's out the wazoo and
turkey outfits I see Darth
0:01 is an Edward 6:1
oh hey
Boba Fett and a stormtrooper but he's
being cleaned from far away you can't
really tell but I'm not Darth Vader
didn't
but you might let up how do you turn
these things on it's so sweet em blast
them
is that hard to see Anna I know you have
the gun now updates update on TIE
fighter we have the centerpiece
constructed I knew this would come in
handy someday
this is perfect I know you cut little
slits in the pumpkin and found this
handy-dandy board now we just got a
drill a screw from the wing and two here
tape it off for extra protection
alright well let's get going
oh yeah their mouths back there Buford
forget it he's using all his skills to
his advantage
look at that what do you smell but back
at Lowe's because we need some age I
want to get this done so we can film uh
uh yeah anyway is that 99-cent paint is
okay just didn't last very long
well you think you can get like five of
those for the price of a normal can sell
last let's do this this is plastic so
let's see how it works
Wow
now we're talking well the spray paint
is already dried it's amazing okay so
now I just got to put this here make it
look like the front of a TIE fighter so
we got our tape yep let's see how this
works
alright guys I think we have finished
the TIE fighter oh it's epic well you
guys can't see this but we're testing it
out oh it looks awesome here's the TIE
fighter
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun lord Vader
your ship is ready yeah huh
this is the helmet flight test it's hard
to see in here it's also dark outside
that's true well that's it for the video
thanks for watching guys you guys are in
for a treat with the Star Wars prank
we're filming it today yeah we ran outta
time yesterday we filmed that Arby's it
like it was dark already so it was just
for fun really but we got a whole day of
filming and I'm gonna upload it tomorrow
hopefully and yeah so you know look out
for that should be really cool yeah
anything else
no okay keep this video like if you're
excited if you love Star Wars yeah even
if you don't love Star Wars leave a like
