good morning everybody today is
Wednesday for us and I wanted to just
show you guys what we typically do every
Wednesday it seems like but as you know
we always upload a prank every Wednesday
and then we upload a vlog so mean Andrew
usually just edit the prank one of us
had it's the prank and the other edits
the vlog and then we upload them around
the same time yeah we're at Andrew's
house now yeah what so Justin I move
this table up yesterday so thanks yeah
so here's the living room guys it's
basically finished so we got the clock
in here come around get this picture
with our snow men's and come in here
ah there's the blinds I was working on
yesterday if the new couch to rug it's
heavy it's pretty cozy I'd say yeah what
warming up burrito on stove wow that's
nice
anyways the kitchen that's the only new
thing of kitchen turn on yeah
Oh guys wow thanks oh and my favorite
part of the house yes way I want a
blueberry alright well we finished
editing both videos but now we got an
export so this is the vlog and my
computer is very slow so it's gonna take
a while it's only have 5% and then we
got the extras res but this is also and
slope is coming from the hard drive yeah
but in the meantime guess what bad wolf
chokku it just came out so we're trying
it out on battlefront but I guess it's
like a new game mode and a new level
let's give you guys a quick preview of
what it's like go go go was that
necessary
whoa that looks sick am i holy we're in
a whole new world
does this game-mode like capture the
flag or a king of the hill or something
huh I mean you just have to capture
those points let's get out of here
whoa we have finished uploading all
three videos so if you guys haven't seen
them you should go check them out
because wait what time did I get over
here y'all don't get over here it was
like 12
yeah between 11 and 12 and then right
now it's almost 3 o'clock so we've been
editing and uploading for three-plus
hours what did you something fun yeah
what are we doing now yeah
do you guys remember the other day we
went shopping and bought a bunch of Star
Wars toys but we didn't show you what
toys we got and now we're actually doing
the video we're filming it right now and
we'll be uploading soon yeah all the
presents that's a small sneak peek he's
not here don't it Oh
- as a prank on here you should hide
this battlefront game oh whoa hey put
those back here and buy these one of
those is mine
alright so we're setting up the Star
Wars egg where we're gonna pull out all
of the Star Wars chips if you don't know
what I'm talking about let me show you
real quick
Star Wars Millennium Falcon so basically
all these toy channels like have these
eggs and they pull out all the toys from
them so yeah this video is going to be
very childish it's like a parody so
please when we help out do not take
serious well we just finished up here's
the aftermath oh we did kind of clean it
up but I don't know when we're uploading
this you know right yeah well you guys
will find out soon enough but it was
hopefully it'll be funny for you yeah I
caught her when she's eating we have
another date night in the wild stuff
we're here at Ted's Montenegro
and we got an appetizer this is chips
and dip ranch onion dip or something
it's really good what I like about this
place is he told us all of their
ingredients are homemade and fresh from
scratch they don't use anything
microwave basically what do you say
their motto was do you remember
and you know I love grandma's cooking so
we'll show you what we got when it comes
out this is their table pretty cool it's
like a map of sorts no maybe it's
Montana since it's Ted's Montana grill
all right here's a bison burger and
another burger
so one of the birds is bison and one is
beef because we want to try to compare
them yeah well folks
unfortunately the vlog isn't too long
today as we'd hoped
usually Wednesdays we don't do much as
you can tell in the vlog we just kind of
edit all day this is the vlog right now
currently it's seven minutes long and
I'm filming right now to make it longer
but I'm also ending the vlog I wanted to
go over some comments you guys left as
usual
I'm looking through more comments from
yesterday's vlog because that's what we
usually do look through the comments and
a lot of you wanted to see the full clip
of the girl who at the end of the prank
if you guys saw we accidentally forgot
to put that clip in the extras so here's
that clip are you have a microphone yeah
so sorry everybody
no you did yeah yeah on
no no no yeah take a look here yeah yeah
I just saw that like the other day
you're going around on Facebook yeah
like ripped our video so if you watch
yesterday's vlog I asked you guys what
we should call the movie review segment
we do in vlogs and a lot of you left
some good ideas but I wanted to know I
wanted to finalize some of the ideas and
see which one you guys think we should
do the reviewing sisters or dads movie
reviews I like both of those honestly
which one do you guys like more or Jase
do cinemas that one got 42 thumbs up I
don't know out of all of those three
which ones do you guys like the most
leave a comment and whichever one gets
the most thumbs up will mean that's
which one you guys want looks like Brett
flix has been trying to say something
that would get comment of the day for
like a week I guess I suck at that but
Hawaii first of all nobody sucks at
anything and you're a comment of the day
today so have no fear your time is here
are you still planning on making an
hour-long vlog I know we've said that
for a long time now that we want to make
an hour-long vlog and we haven't so I'm
sorry yes we will do it soon
once we do something really awesome like
all day I'll make sure we make this vlog
an hour long plus well guys I guess we
will see you all tomorrow hope you enjoy
the rest of your day and that's it
goodbye do you have any life tips like
tips yeah
ah I like that I haven't heard that one
yet
