good morning actually it's not morning
it's time for lunch
no we're kotoba whatever haven't you'd
open for breakfast no not really see
it's only 11:15 it's not so technically
morning yeah yeah I got this in the mail
buy one get one free and one free knock
out taco
so thanks Qdoba for free food yes
chicken burrito the door T on the side
what is this chicken burrito burrito
well we just finished lunch fueled ready
for the day but we're going somewhere
right now and this guy's in front of us
sticker it's a rule it just made us
laugh can you see it guys Obama sucks
that's it
he's just being straight-up he's not
beating around the bush with that one so
now we have made it down to downtown
Colorado Springs because we want to
check out this co-working place that
looks really cool so let's go take a
look it's called the machine shop you
can ask them if you want I'll be one of
my questions about this place look at
this door it's so big so in the place
right now this is a whole pretty cool
yeah this is just it but this is one of
their rooms and we'll show you their
office but they have a bunch of like
little office rooms just a light yeah
give the same operational si Wow out
here is really cool it's kind of quiet
out here
but yeah they're working I was telling
Andrew I wish this whole place was just
our office imagine if this was our
office we come here to edit vlogs and
film vlog each person at the desk is
like an employee like this person has
jobs unboxing sisters yeah maybe one day
we can have an office of our own like
this for no reason
yeah we have a green screen room well
that was cool
we are now down the street and we saw
our local news station is here so we're
going to go in and see if we're here for
the interview right yeah I'm going to
tell them we're here for the interview
they'll be very confused
so KKTV yes on your side
how may I help you
we were here for the interview okay
we need to be able to weigh we don't
know we just make youtube videos when
you think you're here for an injury yeah
yeah further the news isn't this right
place oh yeah we're supposed to the Fox
okay sorry sorry
hey we're yeah we make vlog so just
filming us getting some coffee
safety reasons do you have any life tips
life tips yeah uh give people about a
minute now
ah I like that I haven't heard that one
yet oh hey sir how you doing you having
a good day yeah you you guys need to
start a vlog channel for your coffee
shop Oh fine yeah what Andrew think so I
would subscribe place it I would
subscribe then the Dutch bros launched
it we went down the street to a
different new station maybe they'll give
us a tour
but I don't know um we don't keep toys
without fire so we didn't get a tour
that we got a contact that we're going
to call or email could possibly possibly
work but we will not be stopped we will
get inside this one of these news
stations we want one of them to
interview us on set just do it
they interviewed big dots so yeah they
can interview us if they want if they
want but it doesn't appear they want to
darn it
so guys we wanted to bring back a bunch
of memories for not only us but for you
guys who have been following us for a
while
Andrew what you tell them what's
happening well we're at the library
right now you might say my brain that's
nothing to do right but it is not very
and the whole library district in our
back room huh we don't know why that was
like actually a couple years ago they
said we couldn't come back
and we haven't I haven't what does the
letter say we don't know it just says
like here's our band and definitely for
flatulating on library blaming others
yeah we haven't been to this one in so
long and we have some what is the word
really good clips that were filmed here
that you guys will remember we're going
to go to those spots
beinac we felt allowed eating the
library here but we can't remember which
one because it must have been for a
different channel or something oh yeah
there wasn't laude yeah I know it was a
Thanksgiving what how's a Thanksgiving
one also that he's he loves playing
wizard games right here
we've come to notice something about
this library
it's not good would that be this
library's downtown you know so they
don't I bury their home there's a bunch
of people over there like I haven't
pretty shirt a lot of them are homeless
but then smells I thought I was walking
through the zoo or something
I'm not making fun of them or anything
I'm just stating a fact like it this
library it just has a weird aroma about
it
you're supposed to say something oh
excuse me sir
there's no farting in the library
is that supposed to amuse me little boy
no there's just no farting in the
library all right yeah Brad another one
that we wanted to check out epicentral
co-working the doors unlocked
yes if you want to oh yeah we are back
home from what we were just doing and
this is the first time I've been in a
Drew's house with his subtle renovations
Oh
so which this is fantastic or no not
even resume read renovations this is the
first time I've been to his house when
he actually lives here now
yeah I haven't really done a house truly
yet because it's not it's not done but
it's not okay you guys are kind of
getting a quick sneak and you can see
vacuums things just on please there's
stuff around because when you move in
you kind of there's more renovations
exactly would you just look at him he's
putting up the blinds all by himself
yeah I got my brackets in good I can
figure this out last night I was too
tired and this morning I'll go slow on
that but yeah as you can see it's dark
outside we've just been talking on the
phone a lot and actually figuring out
things for rich man lifestyle part two
so if some of the things that we're
working on work out it is going to be
the coolest video we've ever done you'll
know
today's aren't word yeah so and another
video we will just keep you updated with
the progress of what we are working on
and I can tell you it involves exotic
cars and potentially get a jet so we'll
see backhoe and it's time for dinner on
the menu tonight we got some chicken
with some alfredo arugula pesto sauce
that we are making in a pasta so this is
gonna be delicious
this is like the the poor person chew
toy when you run out of two toys you
just give your dog and old what is that
what is that cereal holder imperial
holder she loves it though so that's
good
she's like a key I tell you if you like
some potatoes yeah oh no he got a potato
potato Daisy give me your back man this
is whiskey and please here's the
finished product yes and some Seinfeld
all right well I just ran into target
because we're going to see bridge of
spies tonight at the movie theater it's
five dollar movies tonight you know we
all about seeing the movies also
thinking about starting up like a weekly
like movie review series
like really quick movie reviews you guys
interested in that so anytime we go see
a movie in the theaters we do like a
quick review tell you what we think if
you go see it or not I like that
here we are
Hollywood theaters so many good movies
coming out that movie is amazing by the
way
Spectre I can't wait to see the revenant
ride-along - looks funny finest hours
looks good
who else here loves movies so guess what
Hollywood theaters this theater has like
a rewards program and so we randomly got
a free popcorn you must share though
bread wrong Peter well we are back home
but I want to give you guys a proper
movie review so hold on one second
welcome to the new studio for quick
movie reviews now I don't know what we
should call this series so if you guys
have any ideas of what we should call
this like only review movies let us know
in the comments and bad ways after scene
bridge of spies I thought was actually a
pretty good movie the movie takes place
during the Cold War that's about this
lawyer who is Tom Hanks who is recruited
to defend this Soviet spy who's in
America like doing spy things you know
back in the Cold War they're trying to
get information on bombings and what
Americans are going to do and then the
Soviets capture an American spy so it's
all about Tom Hanks trying to negotiate
a trade now I would say Tom Hanks in
that movie is very good I mean he almost
any movie he's in it ends up being
really good movie his acting was good
the storyline was pretty good my only
problem with the film
that I felt like I needed more of a
climax and more of a better finish like
it wasn't like he wanted to stand up and
clap when it got to the end but overall
I would say that movie was pretty good
so if you guys like war movies or you
know movies that involve our history I
was I would definitely recommend that
movie when it comes down to movies for
me after I'm done with movie I think to
myself do I want to buy this movie no I
wouldn't buy this movie but that doesn't
mean I don't like it I guess I could if
it comes out on a red box I'm with some
family or friends that haven't seen that
movie I could definitely you know rent
it again but that would be I wouldn't
see myself buy overall I give this movie
a solid 8 out of 10 so it's looking like
the critics are giving it an 81 out of
100 and the fans are giving it an 8 out
of 10
now I didn't look at this before I did
this review so I think I'm pretty on
point with the rest of the people rating
this just so I can show you guys see
these are it's hard to show you but
these are all green all these reviews
are green and usually they're yellow or
red so that's pretty good movie anyways
thanks for joining me today on the movie
reviews we will see you next ad for
today's vlog guys thanks for watching I
hope you kept you entertained as always
and also before we go Steven says I hope
whoever is looking at this comment has a
great day and I agree with Steven
anybody who is reading this comment
which is you guys need to have a great
day there's no reason why you shouldn't
have a great day make it a great day up
well see you tomorrow
goodbye
Oh Oh Merry Christmas Christmas guys
thank you she held our jackets for us
guys I read
