what is up everybody justin has just
arrived he's sitting in the car I don't
know what he's doing but he's gonna get
a rival surprise when he comes in viral
prank pranked that's when the best
interest of vlog we've ever had no you
don't ready UCCS trying to find a spot
to park yes what it's all about being
patient at waiting for a student to come
out and there he is
can you guys see him he's leaving go oh
I got dark boy
oh it's light again amen yeah yeah
where'd he go oh that's right we haven't
even got in the school yet and we have a
fellow fan got a couple ones sweet we
appreciate your support now look at
freshers all get-out
oh nice it's watching it yeah
what is this guy doing
guys see watch my there's a girl right
there it's not though
don't was good footage we filmed the
whole prank like this man
that's viral status yeah you should get
the girl that's right there dude yeah
oh yes this here I'll film here and you
get her she looks scary okay steady dude
we don't even know what we're doing yet
okay so what we're doing today is I got
notebook and we're gonna sneak up on
people and pretend like we're studying
and I've studied copying their notes
yeah I you know basically kind of like
cheat off people's potato papers and
stuff we're gonna do it it's just a
simple idea today we're all about them
simple ideas we'll see if it turns out
well if it doesn't we'll film something
else well yeah so I filmed that officer
I don't know if you guys know but the
one officer that died in the shooting
that happened here in the Springs he was
the officer on duty at this school so
it's kind of sad being here now knowing
that he did that yeah I mean it was
close it was close off to the school
where they had the officers on campus I
kind of respond to the death threat
so anyways I accidentally put this one
in backwards so oh that's why we have no
footage yeah we want you to turn that on
and fix that oh good
there's Andrew
get some notes
oh hey sorry can I just grab some notes
what some notes
what do you mean for class what class
what class is that I mean there's a
criminal justice class I think that's it
I can't read real classes I mean I don't
think so man oh really yeah I don't
think you're in that class
books the we're switching up the mic now
it's my turn by the way oh
I have you
ari we can both do it we're still
filming
it's interest turn again
you're welcome dang it so the last clip
we got is gonna be the ending clip and
turned out really good oh I can't wait
for you guys to see it you probably may
have already seen it I don't know when
you're watching this but yeah but we
were just talking about how weird it is
that everyone here keeps coming up to us
and was like oh you guys are putting out
loud eating video I just saw that on
Facebook like have you guys seen hell
out eating video that was us are you
kidding me I mean that's really cool
that people have seen it but it's kind
of annoying too that they still stole
our video yeah because they didn't see
it on our YouTube channel they shot they
saw it on Facebook because their friend
shared it or whatever which is you know
good and bad I guess as you know we went
to the trampoline place here it is on my
YouTube app and we helped out of that
and then like instantly Jesse Geena
uploaded them as guys on to so as I
could make me laugh it was just right
after each other yeah I was scrolling
through I was like wait what so that's
cool maybe someday don't want to go to
the sky Zone with us yeah maybe someday
some youtuber will want to do something
with us someday I feel like all these
youtubers only want to collab with other
extremely popular youtubers they come on
guys someday we'll have fun with you
guys yeah you guys is another you guys
also update I don't know if you guys
have known but we have been up revamping
our Facebook page JC Studios if you guys
haven't liked it we're gonna start
posting daily videos which we already
have we posted three so far so here's
the latest very short so I'll play it
I
right here if any of you can remember
what video that that is from then I
applaud you because that is probably our
most embarrassing video ever I'm not
going to tell you what it was oh yeah I
agree why video yeah
we're not actually posting on Facebook
the full videos we're just kind of
slimming them down and posting like the
funniest little bits so if you're on
Facebook a lot which I am and you like
Facebook videos check out her page and
you'll get daily updates I probably get
on Facebook at least three times a day
see follow his advice Facebook you have
to do it
Aaron's gonna hungry I think I'm not
gonna shoot you no no I heard it I heard
that's Andrew no get away from me
great write some sweet potatoes oh
thanks yeah by the way they're old
potatoes he'll never know
that's the one negative thing we found
out about this gun you can lose balls
very easily as you can hear a mile away
it can't be a secret but all is just the
fire and you have no idea where they
going you're so fast hi is Santa's still
there I am so excited we are coming to
see him rad we'll see you there alright
bye
look at all the Colorado colors here
because of the sunset it is standing up
do you guys get these sort of sunsets
where you live
you know we love sunsets yeah what the
heck is going on out here yeah what are
they doing what are you guys doing they
are like oh they're doing some sort of
video for New Life Church I think bass
pro shops
free photos here yes oh you can go ahead
Wow guys know Bass Pro Shops is actually
seeing his favorite spot to come up all
the shops he has to go do you know he
told me last year dude
right there where is he Oh Sita oh my
shit though on his lap we can't all fit
on there dude he's huge okay all right
let the legs in I cannot light in the
forest
Merry Christmas thank you
she held our jackets for us you just
went senile are you jealous or what I
just took a picture as well you know you
didn't yeah I did don't want to sir do
you need assistance sir oh man this is
just beautiful and that is going on the
fridge Oh
cracks do you guys want us to send you
some Christmas cards we can make
duplicates I'll be awesome if we were to
be the best if we just made some
Christmas cards and send them to some of
you guys yeah plus they have this RC car
it's stuck
wah-wah-wah-wah control the Beast doing
is the Beavers faster yes what oh no
what we should put camera on truck
hi guys hey guys is this a fun ride for
you guys good watch
Oh
whoa I got was a close one
okay did I get to church
oh dude I don't think that's ever been
done in duck hunt like ah there's a
possum in there this is that behavior
it's very chubby to do sannen just gives
them too many snacks cookies crackers
we got proline peanut butter butter
pecan chocolate walnut salted nut roll
vanilla a candy cane and plain chocolate
Wow I'll try peanut butter explosion
you like it yeah try some fudge
that's good I love peanut butter fudge
how would you explain fudge to a
two-year-old it's not it's chocolate for
it it's like some sort of chocolate it's
gooey empty glove good Bass Pro is fun
can come hang out Santa get some fudge
place with toys man guess what it's dark
out here
yikes yes it's like five over here yeah
but Christmas lights the lights are very
beautiful i'ma tell you right now
whoever turn off the lights I'm gonna be
suing here are you gonna put lights on
your house yeah every day I want to do
it but then look it's dark already the
least you can I can actually see you
though Wow well me too
bye yes come home yummy Dickies this is
gonna be so good all done with dinner
and we're getting the final things
packed up for the move yeah TV beds
already gone we're just getting some
stuff out of the desk but I wanted to
show you this collection I have I've
been trying to like collect Broncos
tickets from my cool games I've been to
and just there's just so many tickets
here I forgot how many tickets I had
like here's a playoff ticket that was
fun that there's another playoff ticket
Wow then also what I found I found my
middle school IDs so you can see that's
in sixth grade or seventh grade wow
these are ancient relics
I found another ancient relic da da da
dun about that uh Jethro and Gayle this
is a basically a script and that's it
just one page script I don't know if he
pretty sure you've told you guys about
Jethro and Gayle before and you've
probably seen it I think
the trailers or something is on some
channel on YouTube I don't know where it
is but yeah this is like our first idea
at a movie ages and ages and ages ago so
let's just go over the script real quick
Jethro is always getting deal in trouble
Jethro steals some shoes from a store to
give to Gale and the police find him and
he goes to jail see we put stars next to
these because we filmed these scenes
Jethro shows up to work but was fired
two weeks ago and showed up every day
since that's pretty funny oh here's a a
Kevin kappa so do you guys remember
Kevin keV so we just moved in a bunch of
boxes should be pretty close to being
fully moved in what do you think yeah I
think so too about before we return room
Mary's friends truck she's letting us
borrow it we're gonna get a Christmas
tree oh-ho-ho-ho yeah we usually go and
cut a tree but this year we just didn't
really have time so yeah there's time
after Christmas but then we don't need a
tree anymore so we're here at the tree
farm
we're hoping these trees are non-gmo
cage-free trees maramon we're not going
to this organic tree shop whatever it
says such a ripoff trees here like 80
bucks that's just unacceptable I mean
just for a comparison if you want to go
cut your own tree you just go down the
forestry department you pay ten bucks
and then tell you this area where you
can just pick and cut one ten bucks yeah
so we're gonna go to a different spot
all these cheaper here we are at our
trusty King Soopers trees are like 40
bucks yeah compared to 85 it's like half
price but still all right now I'm at the
Magnum shooting center because I'm
taking my class so I can get my
concealed carry license and it's today
I don't know why I scheduled it during
the Broncos game that's very dumb of me
but you know I just gotta get it done so
I like Magnum have a fun range I've got
some good people so I don't know if I
can bring the camera in there so uh just
leave it in the car I'll see you guys
after finished gun class and I passed
here's my target I did pretty well I got
a little low guys but I got one dead
sinner
bull's eye yeah that's a good class so
learned so much about gun safety it's
nuts
I think it's it's really important to
learn about gun safety whether or not
you are a supporter of guns or not
it's important to learn about gun safety
because you probably heard this a
million times that guns don't kill
people people kill people and I agree
with that and guns are just a tool
there's a million tools it's good to
learn how to defend yourself as well
it's our Second Amendment right and and
exercise it well that's the end of the
video thanks for watching I'm in our new
house this was actually the first night
we spent here I'm in the office in this
corner I don't want to show you guys
everything we did at the house yet cuz
it's just tons of boxes and crap
everywhere so it's not proper showing
form yet I will show you guys soon we
did some pretty cool improvements the
made this place more homey and yeah
that's pretty windy today
I suppose actually doing something fun
later we got invited to go see a special
screening of a movie is coming out on
Christmas but it's in Breckenridge so
it'll be a fun vlog you know look out
for that tomorrow also I was thinking as
you know since we're getting close to a
mil subs thought it'd be fun if I didn't
get a haircut didn't do anything to my
hair until we got a mil subs so I'm
projects gonna grow it out and see like
it'll be more fun to shave when there's
like a lot of hair you know what I mean
that's that's it for the blog thanks for
watching and come back tomorrow I will
see you guys then alright see ya
