welcome back to NFL hello welcome back
to NFL show this is our third episode we
took last week off for no reason when
we're back
first off Aaron and I went to the
Broncos game on Sunday and boy oh boy it
was epic
it beat the Patriots in the snow that
was the most fun game ever you guys can
watch it because Andrew blogged it the
whole time
oh yeah go check that out our top news
stories Aaron my first news story is
Darrelle Revis is out so Odell Beckham
is going to run wild Wow good this is
going off the Broncos game but now the
only undefeated team in NFL our Wow
so that's cool go Panthers well uh my
other news story was Allen Hurns
aka one of the sisters is out this week
with the concussion
no no Allen Robinson Julius Thomas are
gonna be really good this week okay and
my other news story
Chris Johnson he's out indefinitely he
did something to his was it the tibia
the fibula the tibia I can't remember
with y'all I can't remember which bone
exactly it is but he's out so that means
if you pick up David Johnson Wow secret
you got any more news or that you know
that was also Tony Romo he's out the
rest year anyways moving on
game predictions this week Andrew picked
them this week so let's get right to it
first game Jacksonville at Tennessee
oh-ho-ho I'll have to go with
Jacksonville really without one of the
Allen sisters they have Julius Thomas
yeah TJ Yeldon and oh man dishes talk
cuz they got - she's got Marcus Mariota
SuperMario Jacksonville Jacksonville yep
Dallas at Washington Washington
Washington is actually leading the
division did you know that that's who I
was gonna pick that was playing at
Washington Wow there's nothing without
Tony Romo now for the final game Atlanta
at Tampa Bay
oh-ho-ho Elena really yep I'm going with
Tampa Bay guys I wonder why cuz Atlantis
stinks now Atlanta's terrible no
bounce-back game
house they're playing Tanner I don't
think so playing at Tampa they're
playing at Atlanta maybe but there's no
chance it's Tampa think it's time for
that fantasy Oh big what fantasy all
right I'll start off with Sean drawn the
running back for San Francisco I think
is that Carlos Hyde is out with a foot
injury so Sean drawn is the only running
back there started what yep I didn't
even know that this Tyler Eifert he is
doubtful for the game but they're
playing the Browns so if he's on your
team get on there right before the game
starts and if he's playing I'd probably
start him but if he's not get him out of
here
oh and for those who do have Tyler
Eifert and need a backup get Scott
Chandler since Rob Gronkowski is out all
that's a goodness week he is going to do
very well I guess Philadelphia oh that's
a good so oh man I should probably came
up then too late in our league oh here's
another must start Brandon Marshall or
Eric Decker
all right they're playing the Giants
Giants their defenses so pretty much
five and then my third player was Blake
bortles playing Tennessee he does really
good ya know you're gonna get blown away
with this let's hear it cam neutral on
playing your lens that is a must start
in every format you've ever seen in your
life it's a no-brainer dog as I'm saying
it's a must start even if he was like
even that thought of benching or
somebody else no it's Cam Newton all day
every day okay well here's a super pick
for both of us you'll agree this is jeff
farias Allen I'm not even trying to say
his first name because it's such a
sleeper but he is the starting running
back for the Ravens and now playing
Miami this is gonna be a sleeper pick he
got touchdown last week you better be
right oh I will be don't even
I got magic I already kind of picked a
sleeper LeSean drawn yes no that's
basically outer picks all right Twitter
right yeah I asked her questions I asked
on Twitter if you guys had any questions
and McFadden or Sanders and the Flex
spot I'm going say nurse I Pago Sanders
as well I'm gonna Brock finally being
able to throw deep downfield Sanders can
get lots of yards yeah and you can I'd
probably go with Sanders on that yeah
and then we've got next question hey
guys
Tyrod Taylor or Sam Bradford Tyrod
Taylor that's a no-brainer guys come on
man
should I release Rob Rock I don't think
he's gonna be out that long right and it
didn't seem that long I think they said
it was just like a minor a minor knee
injury a week-by-week see how he feels
kind of thing I'll be back I have to
keep I would hold on to them thanks for
asking us questions on Twitter you guys
you're awesome and keep my helman keep
them coming will answer them every week
but one final thought how about that
Thursday night game did you see that
Richard Rodgers catching the 65 yard
bomb for Aaron Rodgers oh my gosh how
Oh happen well thanks for watching guys
we'll see on the next episode later I
wanted to say
you
