what's up guys we are at the new house
painting it up I already painted all
this it's like a base coat it looks
really crappy so don't judge but we're
working on the final coat which looks a
lot nicer spent a lot of time you know
blocking off the edges blocking out all
these haters of the white all right and
we worked on the house all day yesterday
and there's an vlogging of it but I'll
go over a little quick review of what we
did first of all we took down the
chandelier because it looks like dunk
and it wasn't working right for some
reason it was only getting half the
voltage so we went into the electrical
outlet back here and whoever was the
electrician that did this they wired
everything together and it was just like
the work so we had to rewire everything
in here and up here and the other bad
problem is this dishwasher is like from
the last century and we were going to
replace it but if you look down here you
can see that this is the original floor
the house came on and then this is a
second floor they put down and then this
is the third floor and they just kept
stacking it up well what happened was
and then they stack it up they enclosed
the dishwasher in here so now you can't
get it out just to figure out some way
to get this dishwasher out because if it
breaks down no dishwasher ever we
already have a new one in the garage I
also have a new stove in the garage but
yeah so there's some of the things
you've been working on and there you
have it folks
were you finished ah so nice did a good
job you did a good job but we're also
gonna paint one of our walls in the
bedroom the same color so I should be
pretty cool
what hi it's very dark in here you guys
love living in the caves
right here because we're getting ready
to film in the weekly NFL show it's
gonna be nuts I have to go change
I got penal release oh I came back to
the house and did some spot work on the
wall or also and do the bedroom now Wow
Mary taped this up last night you did a
good job
so let's paint he also bought a new
chandelier last night should look really
cool it's good like wood and then
there's a black metal so we'll install
that and a little bit like yes really
look at our progress we just have this
little spot left I think it turned out
pretty good Wow
you know we could get jobs as painters
probably Oh Brett American furniture
warehouse now we're gonna see if they
have a sectional couch
Wow have some really cool pictures up
here too
yes cool
Mary's desperate Wow the couch we got it
fits but it's only like a three person
couch and we have an upsurge in the
downstairs so we're gonna see just take
a look if they have a sectional that
would fit upstairs I really like this
picture this one's pretty cool too
they're all really cool we may have
found a winner guys winner winner
chicken dinner yeah they already have
that couch from Big Lots so we were
looking at either a sectional or a
loveseat and this is the same fabric as
when we already got so Michael this
loveseat
let's do it guys there's somebody in
this seat huh
okay so we got the loveseat but it's not
gonna be here until Tuesday we also got
a rug which is coming but we got a few
other things we got a cool tree in this
picture I'm gonna give us a free stuffed
animal - an elephant yeah so let's go oh
it's snowing
back home now we're gonna make some
lunch leftover pizza yeah yes
dun-dun-duh guys guess what we are doing
now we haven't told you yet but we're
doing a giant poker party with with dad
Andrew Tyler what up fellas dad how many
people are gonna be here 30 raise the
money for a couple charities sweet now
we all have to play poker in a long time
so hopefully this Eminem's at every
table and it's fantastic
whoa even more tables holy crap whoa hey
folks dude maybe we should lose just so
we can come in here and just watch eat
food and watch oh I want this Oh guys so
this is max well rise table huh great
move mm it's forever I need a hat
who wants this it's not a blu-ray though
so gift card
boys you owed you guys choose if you win
I'm number one cheesecake on a nice date
for our six-month Africa that's it
that's a good idea she's counting I
forgot holy crap it's starting to fill
up here but the food is arrived as well
you guys desperate watch out
okay where are the P rolls to keep
something in here oh I know he rolls to
some big banks thanks guys for coming
guys might have to study raise your hand
poker playing golf playing volleyball
playing something man you have a magnet
should take your card to decide what
table your axe net this is the heart
table know about that I'm on a phone or
spayed so we're gonna play obviously I
can't vlog us plane because I don't want
to change anything so I'll let you know
how it goes
don't worry I'm still I'm just taking a
quick food break because I hold it
Andrew still in no
that's about it for the vlog sorry we
haven't been vlogging too much the past
couple days Mary and I have just been
working on the house and getting ready
for move-in so it's just kind of that
transition phase of get into different
places so next week we'll definitely be
vlogging more and yeah that's all I got
let's go say hi there oh and before the
vlog is completely over we have some
comments as usual we don't maybe we may
not get to comments every day but don't
worry we're looking at so I have a few I
want to go over today this one don't
worry bro so if I ever watch your vids
on YouTube on your channel and always
let the video ad play I'm just trying to
support the bros Drake I just want to
say thank you because I know a lot of
people have adblock downloaded and so I
appreciate that you don't have that
because and I'm sure a lot of you don't
but you as youtubers we make our living
because of the ads and so people have
adblock then they're basically like you
know what I mean so I just begs Drake
please check fan mail don't worry we
have some fan mail or yes there's some
fan mail right here actually we just
haven't got we haven't put the time in
to sit down and go through yet but don't
worry there will be a fan mail video
soon I'm sorry you're slacking Sarah
vlog made my day better thanks guys
you're welcome
thanks for watching do rich lifestyle
part 2 you guys are awesome actually I
was literally just thinking about that
the other day and I want to show you
yeah I was at the store and I saw this I
was like man maybe we should do rich man
lifestyle Christmas version get like
this suit I thought it'd be so funny but
don't worry we have a bunch of plans
that we want to do for rich man live
stop part 2 it's just gonna take a lot
of planning because we want to make the
sit part 2 a lot better like we won't
include like some exotic cars
potentially a Jackie O know what we're
thinking big guys so just be patient
it's in the works and last comment
please pray for my brother because he
was hurt in the calve
you shooting Thomas we will definitely
keep you guys in our prayers and for
anybody else out there who also prays
keep his brother in your prayers as well
because I'm sure going through something
like that is just horrific and if he's
injured just pray that it's a fast
recovery anyways I guess we will see you
guys on Monday thanks for coming back
and watching as always and have a great
Wednesday weekend
goodbye whoa
it's got some chick there guys you
already started to cry now it's your
turn okay now make sure you chew up the
seeds
