good morning everybody how's it going ah
me and Brittany are starting off the
morning here at hamlet spay and neuter
clinic and you probably know why because
Daisy needs to get spayed you don't want
her having babies so let's go take a
look at what's going on in this dog
clinic Animal Clinic hey are you ready
to get spayed are you excited yeah and
there's a billion other dogs in here as
well so it's kind of loud are you
and you go in a camel oh you got your
own little cage you dead Oh what up
sleepy okay so we dropped Daisy off and
now we are at this local peach tree /
breakfast shop gonna grab some breakfast
brick you want to come there's some
really good-looking desserts go
thank goodness I remember to film the
food I almost finished it it's really
good though also yes look how beautiful
that look it's just the detail of an
orange is so stunning
yes Coffee time do not drive like him
okay anyways we're bringing paint and
supplies over to Andres new house
because if you didn't watch the other
vlog Andrew and Mary got their own house
and they're doing some renovations yeah
we're painting two walls what yeah what
color it's kind of like a dark brown and
to make sure this color works that's how
you have the paint sample
okay so how much longer do you think
it'll take you to get to new house
by it'll take 5 minutes and 30 seconds
now instead of fall was it before 5
minutes so it's an extra 30 seconds
strive for you yeah is that okay because
it has to be you know why you had to
move down the street yeah it sucks so we
just uploaded three videos this morning
sorry so we haven't really got out of
the house besides me dropping Daisy off
this morning so we're getting some food
here at Firehouse Subs cuz this freak
has never gotten it see ya ha ha
hey I have something to show you
what
yeah this is the ultimate challenge
station they have all these hot sauces
which one do you want to try 1 to 10
autistic this is a nine so I want to try
where's you have to pick one orange
habanero sauce we each have to try one
for the blog yes we do you have to make
antenna I do
oh this is a 9-mil if I love you two
nine nine and nine
if this vlog is 20,000 likes we'll do a
level 10 okay so after some examinations
this one we don't understand how it's a
nine we'll make the first ingredients
tomato paste
there's no peppers like for a while
this first ingredient is habanero
peppers so that's probably be hot this
is how to do this has jalapenos Andrew
doesn't want me to do this one because
it won't be fair this is for babies guys
come on we're waiting sorry this sauce
it's like grace T can you get it into
the middle Great Scott is that even yeah
that's about even you can take some
hobby
except this this is for idiots thank you
spicy Oh
it's got some chick there guys you
already started to cry now it's your
turn okay I wish you chew up the seeds
yeah that's some spicy oh yeah Wow let
me have a sip of water the seeds yeah
ouch yeah I'm glad we do this first now
so what was your impression of firehouse
compared to Subway that's really the
sandwich I got they said they smoked
that brisket for 16 plus hours so boiled
boy was that flavorful juicy healthy
maybe don't know about that but was it
better than subway it was very good yeah
all right back with the wifey you ready
to pick up Daisy Britt huh you're gonna
pick up Daisy what are you ready to pick
up Daisy let's go see Daisy I think she
has a cone around her head
there's yet no cone it has you know a
remote viewing is there a screen that
you looking at with a camera on the
outside yeah it actually has never seen
something like this before
that's insane there's a hole right there
in the center you can see whether this
is live like I've never seen something
like this before
maybe there's a glass well this is
moving in it's like the weapons are
drawn to a long pole it may have a
camera on it maybe they're gonna stick
that forward so that they can take see
that long pole they're gonna put that in
that SUV maybe it has a camera on it all
right so what you guys are just watching
I don't know if you guys watch the news
or anything but there is an yet again
another shooting in part of the world in
America in California there's another
shooting for some reason I don't know
what is up with our society nowadays
they kid it's ridiculous how like turn
on the news every other day there's
something going on more people just
killing people for no reason like it
gets me really upset so we were just
watching the news and that's what they
were doing on live television like
checking with I don't know what that
machine was but it was pretty cool but
it's unfortunate that these events had
to happen and our prayers are out to any
of the families who are affected out
there in California I know some of you
guys tweeted me saying that you live
there so I hope everything's going good
for you and that everyone in your family
is safe and guys just in the light of
all these events that keep happening
these tragic events just want to
encourage you guys to let your family
and friends know that you love them
because honestly you never know when
your last day on earth is going to be
there's not much else to say it in
regards to it I'm just
I'm sad that all this is happening but
moving on in other news I just wanted to
quickly talk about something that's been
annoying me lately is Facebook and I'm
sure you guys already all know this but
I just wanted to talk about it
so lately and in the past Facebook pages
will steal youtubers videos and upload
them for their game for example so this
Facebook page what is it's December 2nd
I think that was like two days ago
uploaded our video and then just put
these emojis here like that makes it
okay loud eating in the library they
said credit j stu studios what kind of
credit is that they didn't even like
link of the video link our channel and
this isn't even clickable so basically
they're uploading our video getting 4
million views somehow I don't know how
Facebook gets so many views in YouTube
doesn't and just getting all this new
publicity for their Facebook channel
because of us they didn't even ask for
our permission and this has happened in
the past with you know tons of different
channels and it's really kind of like
frustrating and I'm sure you guys can
understand that but I don't get why some
pages think that that's okay like if
people get our permission to upload
videos then that's totally fine but if
they're just stealing our videos to for
their gain without permission like that
is like so unethical if like a page to
do that like it doesn't make sense to me
like we work hard to make these videos
and they literally just rip the video
and upload it I don't know what are your
guys thoughts on that I'm sure everyone
can agree with me but I don't know if
there's much more to talk about with it
but it's whatever anyways I will stop
talking sometimes I get in these like
little rant modes and I want to just
talk about some things that have been on
my mind lately but anyways I hope I hope
you guys have had a great day or have a
great rest of the day whenever you're
watching this we appreciate you coming
back and watching our videos every day
or if not just coming back and checking
in on us we we really enjoy making these
videos and
to know that a lot of you come back and
watch us everyday it doesn't mean a lot
so thank you guys I'm excited for
Christmas we got some cool plans so I
guess we will see you guys tomorrow oh
and one more thing we have been kind of
slacking on our Facebook page Jase do
studios or Facebook we literally haven't
posted on at all so I think now we're
gonna do like little tests we're gonna
try and upload some of our videos to our
Facebook page and see if we can get our
videos to do well like all these other
pages instead of them ripping our videos
we're just gonna upload our own videos
so I'll even link in the description if
you want to go like our page I'm gonna
actually upload some clips from the
eating lab in the library videos so if
you guys want to go like it or share it
that'd be pretty cool I guess we'll see
you later good bye this is called the
flipsies I'm gonna do a front flip over
one of the gaps painters gonna run and
catch
