yo ho ho we're here for Squad night
skies on indoor trampoline or don't you
guys love that intro yeah we planned it
out yeah we did we did the like we said
we're here at sky Zone indoor trampoline
park oh who put the big block of ice
here she's anyways over here this guy's
on the Colorado Springs our favorite one
else is here I know we're hoping the
squad's here so we could play some
football
remember we'll find out let's go inside
we're just waiting to get checked in
mark on my finger you burned yourself
yeah yesterday Shay brings up
yeah I burnt my hand kind of on the
George Foreman anyways I really want
those socks that's my favorite part
Skylander socks you're going to get the
toddler size and try them we got these
lovely grips so no slipping allowed yeah
I've been trying to think of new things
we can do here since you know you come
here and do the same thing you kind of
jump around which is really fun this
time we've got a football we're going to
be doing some epic catches who knows
what we're gonna be doing but you'll see
yeah
who's ready to do a cool catch go far
bro
oh come on
Kobe okay we're gonna do a bunch of
trick catches
so I'm gonna stand here on the solid
ground and pass to one of you guys let's
go Freddie heck
right
this is called the flipsies I'm going to
do a front flip over one of the gaps
danger is going to run catch
Oh
called you thought you had me mad or
Oh Sun what's this one called what's
this one called air
the happy flipper
Oh
ah ah al you
yeah
ah
haha
oh it has come time for the foam zone
are you ready to do some epic catches
with the football
now I have to climb to the back to get
it go get it now
you should have jumped further mr.
fantastic
oh holy Tom Brady everybody not
the fastball Scott Andrew
catch I'm going to throw it to Andrew
it's hot down here
don't fluff there's there's there's
cubes out there's cubes fine
there's cubes Oh help fire
Andrews minecraft boy in there he has so
many cubes
ah
gosh take base they're firing at us for
fire I had to make my way through the
film Cupid
it was deadly and the journey was hard
but I knew I had to make it to get out
even my cycles far enough these things
were very brutal but the end is not here
a video
yeah tell him Andrew wore purple auction
house called more J skin so we had seen
invaders haters
yep are you ready to play dodgeball
against the bogeys
all of this has your babies we're going
in is you know put me in coach one of
the gears
yeah I'll be in
haha are we gonna win fellas yeah she's
very good news she's holding she's good
all right what do I do I have never
played this game for guys Squire he has
a power I'm he fires and he almost hits
him my gosh got the squire had the
fastball of the century I've never quite
seen such a fastball in my life
here he comes back with the plan oh and
he gets out right ahead just what a shot
by Squire outer boy quick postgame
interview if the top players having to
do colors trying to go for a shilling
are flashing good now oh how did you do
it last game
my enemies all right I need to call
security
somebody get security out here my
someone's attacking huh well here it
does coke I don't want to owe now house
around Joey
fado spell ah bit more bat it holy crypt
stones can get out I don't know what the
heck is going on with alleges Friday
these nasty obese is off our property
I don't know what I need to do they did
my stupid ugly Koblenz
I'm getting hungry ladies sorry you got
out no popsicles for you I have no idea
what I'm doing
you may be I'm from Britain or Australia
you never know
you know I might be from the land down
under man or maybe we're just row what
are you are you at Hobbit are you all do
I look like a Steve Harvey Roy you're my
brother night you idiot
ah Erin your other troll brother yeah
what we're gonna troll are you good Reed
you ready Patrol quick attack him he's
not one of us he's an imposter but you
just happen
I've at my first trial but no one saw it
so we have to have proof I think he's
lying
well we got it blurry version so outside
whoa we're all done I think they
actually closed right now but always
before you leave you want to make sure
you wash your hands because obviously
there's a lot of kids here there's germs
gotta get those germs off so you don't
get sick
what are you gonna get you psycho cake
batters like the best everywhere not
yeah
then red velvet was pretty bad so I'm
gonna get I'm gonna get very very and
peppermint yes
well guys that's it for today's vlog we
hope you kept we kept you entertained
but I did want to let you guys know
there's another trampoline place here in
Colorado Springs that we've went to in a
previous vlog and they actually reached
out to us fairly recently and said that
they want us to come back because they
are having like a bunch of nighttime
strobe lights installed a DJ
glow-in-the-dark and so I think by the
end of this month or I think beginning
of next year we're going to do that so
that's something to look forward to and
if you guys haven't seen any of our
previous trampoline videos I'll link
some of them in the description we
always do stuff like this having fun but
yeah thanks for watching leave any
comments of what you guys want to see us
do next and maybe we'll do I guess we'll
see you next time goodbye did you guys
want to meet Bill Murray do you want to
meet Bill Nye someday oh yeah okay all
right
