you guys just make sure to follow me on
Twitter or something alright so yeah
just tie
sorry what are you saying 9 you have her
tone secrets I thought we were speaking
yeah I know
oh you were talking me okay doing some
chips okay all right c'est la vie I know
some French as well
so far okay I can't do this by myself
I'm never bringing this to the library
again
how's it good yeah um you uh crap sorry
I forgot what I was going to say how's
that was gonna use dressing but it's
fairly good I guess
I just forgot
Oh
hmm oh hey there
well we're me mm-hmm we're just making a
video maybe you ladies want some lettuce
sorry you guys whiny oh yeah I gotta get
the class so I'll see you really
why our where's the dressing all right
high school is being in the video yeah
that was close
but am I only like what is it yeah our
YouTube channels and j stu studios jst u
j studios ha
chase it back nice bass bass taste it is
tomorrow cool sounds good sweet just
finish up the video I think we got some
pretty stellar clips I know you guys are
gonna like this
what's that I'm letting it cool down I
think it's cool that George Foreman you
brought it back actually
