yeah-ha-ha everyone what's up welcome
back to more JC
do guess what we are doing right now
we're trying to ship out the prize
winners we found these envelopes that
the skills fit in that you can see him
yeah and then it'll be also one of the
winners that I selected did it message
me back on Instagram address so we can't
send him the skittles if he still has a
message back it's gonna have to pick
somebody else so this new firehouse
opened up near us and I'm gonna call and
see if I have any deals hi do you guys
have any grand opening deals or special
so the mayonnaise okay okay cool I
showed Matt yeah that quick lunch break
from nothing we've done yeah have some
chili avocado wrap this is an enchilada
with chicken you got these for 40 right
yeah
since Mary works a lifetime sometimes
the food is about to expire so she gets
to bring home for free and we just eat
it and it's good you've heard it is time
for impression challenges we haven't
done one of these on our gaming channel
in the longest time if you don't know
what what they are we basically write a
bunch of random very random impressions
for each other and every time we die we
have to switch yeah so since we got
battlefront we're giving them a try now
should be funny
look for it soon on gook squad game I
finished the gameplay but we wanted to
talk about something me and Andrew have
been very confused lately
once you Tom why um basically because
there's these there's these youtube
channels out there that all they do is
review told
and for some reason they're like the top
YouTube channels with the most views but
and did recently figure out something I
was over at Mary's house and Isaac was
watching and when I came over he was
watching one of these YouTube channels
and was just on repeat he just has her
and watch it so that's a clue on to why
these channels have so many views juicy
little baby minions just watching this
videos over and over again so for
example there's this channel let's take
a look
fun toys collector she uploads no one
knows who she is but she uploads every
day like two videos a day and getting
like look at this video a week ago a
million so we went to socialblade to
check her YouTube stats out that's how
many of you she's gotten in the last 30
days that's the minimum she's made this
month and the minimum she could have
made this year just by opening toys Wow
so what we're going to do is this month
since Star Wars is coming out we're just
going to try and jump on the toy
bandwagon with Star Wars we're gonna try
a video so if you guys see it uploaded
you'll know why it's more of an
experiment really yes just stay tuned
turn fired so we're at Walmart now
because we want to look for some Star
Wars toys for the video we just told you
about
we're not gonna show you what they are
you gotta watch the video it's going to
be a cheap price if you want Star Wars
toys get ready do you want to be a prank
star by the I fart shuffle see how funny
it is
push it Andrew why is this one farting
fart 15 fart sounds yeah the fart piano
some of this is just not Kobudo what fun
actually
yeah that looks funny make your own poop
guys should we buy this and prank
one of our friends / family members the
real things and we could spray it with
like who sent so it actually smells like
pee
so we're not gonna get this but it's
because it's a hundred and thirty bucks
but it's a real-life Yoda you can become
a Jedi
he'll train you but it can only say 115
things unfortunately
turn it maybe there'll be a DLC coming
out later RipStik wow you do
Gary oh really well yeah I remember
watching the bottom when you were trying
these you have to push off first
yeah I don't know how mean Elijah can
figure it out
see lose your back foot only to what was
like even off hey that's your problem
Wow see with simple advice you can help
any friends out do you like Star Wars
yeah are you obsessed oh that's not this
obsession like this that no well here's
all the bags guys I'm covering up a
really cool product you have to wait to
see but wall okay this is the Ghost
Pepper now actually getting pretty tall
I know there's one two three four right
yeah sweet well there's a little guy
popping up there in the middle four five
wee
we're back
a new surprise will you guys balance
it's our new living arrangements yeah
plenty couple months I suppose but
today's first day we get to check our
new home
and by home he needs actual home it's a
house in here this ain't no comment it's
it'd be like I guess we give you a
little house tour but it's weird cuz
there's 0% things in here there's no
living room we got some hardwood floors
this big kitchen but just to be clear we
did not buy this house for renting so
come this way they've got the whole
going this room first what's dis room
gonna be I think it's gonna be like an
office room type of deal this isn't one
in from there sure and then this is the
master bedroom
with in a nice closet in there all new
carpets mm-hmm you got the bathroom cool
and you come downstairs
did it get the front door yep again
you've got this other living room which
is with a fireplace and there's another
room in here with no light bathroom
this goes out to the garage so super
excited to be here it to be better than
an apartment I'm just doing a clean
party with the folks how about I just
film you guys clean seriously
we have to get groceries huh
thanks for helping clean guys move in
the answer will be oh yeah you have to
finish cleaning and do some
modifications and then I'll be ready to
move in blogs here yeah get out the
first piece of decoration Christmas
style yes I think it's weird that this
downstairs only has like one light
that's the only light in this whole area
and in this room that is dark in here
there's a light switch there's no light
I don't get it
I have this box of Christmas decorations
that I used in Denver when we used to
live at the breakers I got this Garland
oh we got this I bed bath and beyond
yeah but Noel is cool
stocking hangers so I put the garland on
the mantel here we'll make it look nice
and pretty this dude
there I fixed it this is super Noelle
you can ah perfect
no little C's have been here for his
swish singles this is a different angle
another one go
yes yes so you get a free two litre if
you get a deep-dish don't really drink
soda but my parents and my brother do so
they'll be happy this is the end of the
vlog everyone and here are some comments
of the day I want to talk about very
simple stuff guys I used to have a
sawed-off shotgun undermined it under my
bed
grandma Stuart 2015 everybody if you
guys watch yesterday's vlog you'd get
that but my grandma actually said that
kind of made me laugh I couldn't imagine
my grandma having a sawed-off shotgun be
honest and Erin reminds me of a
strawberry pop-tarts me too
well I guess we will see you guys
tomorrow we are going up to a brand new
college that we've only went to once and
it's huge so we're gonna be doing pranks
and you guys are coming along so we'll
see you back here tomorrow goodbye
the snow is accumulating on the field
and on this guy's head
put that somewhere safe food
