yahaha what up everyone today me a brick
alright my parents house cuz they
invited us over stinkin since we didn't
get to see him for Thanksgiving we're
spending some time with my Familia and
the snow has stopped it's more nice now
today but they're still still vomiting
grandma grandma brought some steaks so
Road steaks today though but do not eat
yet but it's nice to see the same again
what was their if that was that
this is the best fireplace I wish we had
one of these salade that it has a
beautiful this is a it's a Christmas
salad nope god bless this food we're
about to inhale
thank you everybody for this food and
preparation you happy yeah dad did the
steaks mom did all the extra goodies
we're letting our food settle before
some high yeah we're having pie yeah but
we're going to the this I don't know
what is it called this local is called
Magnum shooting range dipped under cool
pad so we're just checking out did you
guys remember he went there it was
Magnum sure he's in it you coming to
shoot some guns grandma because she's
held him she's felt him
holy crap that barrel don't well that's
time for a haircut what what are you
doing
I don't know this what what what are we
doing we're going somewhere
can you guess where we're going based on
Erin's outfit
it's either snowboarding or Home Depot
od people one of the Broncos game right
now
what yeah the cyber look on the home
depot here pulled the the weather stats
this is currently the temperature okay
game time it'll be 21 and snowy
oh yeah game time is at 6:30
snow he gets colder down to 19 degrees
by the time the game is done in lots of
snow
it's spelled the other way so they can
they can read not get the heat on ow
hey hey share okay hey hey hey hey give
me hey hey hey hey
Aaron figured out something on the
iPhone then I didn't know about
explain you going to text messages put
your cursor in you know you can send
voice messages like that right you hold
it up and then send it hey that's to me
that well if you just put it up you're
here like you're talking on a phone a
big dumb Andy
and already place it then it plays it
and you send it someone tell this guy to
turn his lights off for pete's sake okay
so we are playing with phone since we're
in the middle of traffic and something
really annoying it is Aaron and i's
voice sounds similar
so Siri is annoying so that's Aaron's
found here's my phone so pretend you're
talking to your phone you never get too
close to each other hey Siri
oh come on hey Siri
tell me a joke
mine actually said a joke Aaron's just
in doing a quickie sister I don't really
know any jokes none in fact well yours
isn't very funny mine's a jokester
well we had a great time at the parents
house delicious dinner as always but now
me and Brittany are getting ready for
Christmas so since we got our new treat
will get Walmart looking for ornaments
and they have really cheap ornaments two
bucks at Target all the ornaments the
cheapest were three so we're trying to
find our faves so we're gonna be doing
some decorating tonight just having fun
Christmas stuff just gets me so excited
I don't know about you guys but we did
find some ornaments this is one of them
what else do we get so far I got that
cliche your head there's our tree topper
well we're back home we got the
Christmas music playing and we're
getting ready to set up decorations and
we finally found our Christmas lights
like a ton for this tree and just we're
gonna probably set around the house and
I also got my swag crew pants on any of
you remember swag crew we did that
before Jason sue studios and more Jase
do back in the day a long time ago
they're pretty ridiculous I still have
these pants and they still fit me what
are you doing I'm pretty I don't know I
redo all of those good cuz wreaths are
really expensive are these from me em
cheap so there was only two bucks - yeah
ah our cute little tree no I like
wrapping myself in lights because it
it's fun we just made it to the stadium
got our gloves snow pants boots
also there's a minefield of goose poop
on the sidewalk as far as the eye can
see the line to get in is huge
tickle
yeah
the snow is accumulating on the field
and on this guy's head the only problem
with Christmas lights sometimes is you
don't have enough like plugs and then if
you want to do it up on your wall but
the cords go everywhere yeah
all right Britney's doing the honor of
putting the star on please know this is
a light so hopefully that's not too
heavy that stars wow oh my goodness
there there you go
that one's it's fine right yeah don't
worry guys I got these because they're
very light and they look like ornaments
now they're only 98 cents here we go
swag
I got the Polaroids out I also just
installed let me turn the light off
they's up here yes
and then Britney put this up here
looking good
sorry sir they're trying to do the world
record for people on stashes
we can do it guys get your mustaches
mustaches that's got his to time we're
down a touchdown right you know what
it's snowing pretty hard now by the way
I hope you can see it yeah oh my
goodness they're shoveling so much snow
the pictures see
you get a bunch of stuff sneeze this
guy's set up full hand warmers on this
seat to get really hot butt cheeks
he's sad though over time we just got a
score field goal wet skull Brock
we won't bad part about a sweet overtime
game and everybody stays so the end
oh wow there's so many people made it
back another problem with this snow
remember this sidewalk before the
minefield that's covered up and they're
going right through it pulled into the
McDonald's cuz I had to go to the
bathroom but it's closed you can't go
inside
Ok Go the circle-k lady says they locked
the bathrooms after dark it gets dark
like 4:30 but everyone's closed to go to
the bathroom for pete's sake it's also
almost 1:00 in the morning it took
forever to get home look can't even see
Mary's tracks in the snow well that's
the end of today's video thanks for
watching it's about 1 or 9 a.m. so it's
time for bed but thank you guys so much
for your continuous support in our
Channel and all that we do we really
appreciate it
isn't that right Buford ain't get Bowie
if you guys didn't know Buford has an
Instagram account now if you want to go
follow him it's Buford underscore sites
oh you're watching highlights well you
never really get to see like blocking
and stuff like that way are there at the
stadiums oh yeah he's reviewing the film
to see if the Broncos did a good job
Aaron was actually thinking he wants to
do another day in the life type of video
where he takes the camera to school are
you guys down for that or what leave a
comment if you want to see Aaron go to
school
vlogs today's comments of the day
brought to you by Shaq left foot blue oh
let's come back tell me
Oh how's that for you oh I'll tell you
that
oh thanks Shaq anyways first-come of the
day is I named my pizza after you thanks
the other comment of the day is strapped
artillery Rockets to your legs while you
ride the hoverboards who wants to see
Erin do that me but yeah so that's the
end we'll see you guys tomorrow
