yeah haha what up fellas how's it going
guys
we just gave Daisy a bath this morning
well not us personally we took her to a
place and look they put a cute bow on
her head I know it's so capable Daisy do
you feel clean now uh no having clean
smelling dog it's always nice you're
starting to smell like dinky but look we
got our tree up you just got to put on
the light and half of it like broke up
it's kind of sad cuz the back here but
that's okay it's like our first tree and
it's like a real one so doesn't stir
yeah every time anyone tries to give me
high five I make it awkward
you should try it's really fun for
breakfast this morning we got a
beautiful breakfast burrito and works
potatoes peppers onions eggs a little
cheese some green pepper it's gonna be
especially delicious
and here's the final product absolutely
stunning
look at all the snow well right now me
and Brittany are in downtown Colorado
Springs because I'm helping the Rose
shoot me
commercial they were filming another
commercial a few days ago on the other
vlog and shooting another one
and I'm in this one with some lines this
Britt open the door what is this I'm
pretty happy
Tyler's go to what are we doing today
we're doing a store commercial on
t-shirts I know it's like 10 degrees I
have to wear the short sleeve shirt out
here great it's gonna be perfect Thanks
could be great what kind of like what
smiling
okay go for it
I'm really strong cool let's try one
just like totally dead family I'm not
cold
okay why not you love it do you want me
to fill up its head I am cool okay
because he is lying
thank God we're back inside this is
where I feel me hey see ya
you taking a picture of me that's okay
ouch huh
this is a random room this is a cool
picture right what is that some are cow
that's a chair well that's cool look in
my food in my bro check check this
awesome Wow shirts are cool nothing dude
how much better is this women here that
outfit way better
women please does that mean nothing okay
when you purchase stork shirts it helps
us design and build mobile medical units
for crazy centers across the country not
only that when you buy a structure
there's nothing you can't do well guys
I'm here at Andrew's house it is time to
try hoverboards in the snow this isn't
probably one of our most brilliant ideas
but oh I don't know
yeah hopefully it is that would not be
good
you slip off that and land on your
buttocks go through this snow patch yeah
yeah whoa it is snow capable this is
insane lots of ice right here as well go
on it okay this is the ultimate lazy I
think that's not lazy at all
and that's how it's done folks now take
this off roading okay here yep it's sunk
oh no oh I said hopefully this snow and
water doesn't get like inside the
hoverboards and just shut them down and
break them boy there's a cool drift now
that if anything you spinning around
it's so wintery outside very cool I'm
hitting some deep snow over here you
know over oh yes we have to hit it oh
wow that's insane
I'm gonna make a cool design in the snow
and there it is guys snow work snow art
work with the hoverboard that's a pretty
cool symbol I made by myself whoa that
looks like hey Arnold oh yeah his hair
his football head see watch now you draw
the eyes did did it Hey Arnold
I'm just improving this so now I'm going
to do another design ten son that and
then I got to go up here so it makes
that very cool logo and then I am done
let's see the finite finished product
this is awesome snow hoverboard graffiti
are a get back here you destroyed my art
are we so creative using hoverboards to
make cool snow designs Wow
ah what is it
lift it up again see if it I think
sometimes because when you get off the
tires are still likes in spin mode it
was weird but that was cool
it wasn't now time for some fireworks
you know where the stashes yeah
it's easy to find wow that was epic
what are we having here let's look it I
think I don't think we're supposed to
use super big bombs for you do some all
rockets or something that sparkles looks
very fun but we have set up the
hoverboard fireworks mods station and
first we're starting off with simple
smoke bombs to see if it has a better
effect today
there is over so fast wow this is epic
Jack it looks cool cuz of the road is
white so like really stands out if we
could just get better smoke bombs this
would be cool
moving onto sparklers but this is the
oldest part less huh what I mean like
the ulta board full of them
we have two four six sparklers on
Andrews these are not sparklers of
rocket boosters all right
yeah you're gonna go very fast with this
hey all right uh lock me up give you
both lit no fun yo like this we take one
now light thee all stop moving gassy car
do
yeah yeah okay we got it
it looks like the ultimate rocket
booster whoa don't fall whoa you're
going fast dude that's epic can power go
fire yeah no cloud be hilarious if you
set on fire though whoa don't fall bro
oh he's trying to take off turn him off
shut it down
I can't your board is broke
what happened hey hey we did it
uh watch uh we are fixing the most
insane firework hoverboard this world
has ever seen
I want to do this side with this guy
it's gonna be crazy
it looks fine yeah
there's no we're ready for launch
sequence we all added a few more snacks
as well you know what these things do
that way oh we're going in the cold
attack true what those are they're just
fountains they'll blow up all right
uh-huh
all right docking Tekin Lince has begun
okay you look like a Mad Max hoverboard
I know I look like a circus boy all
right boys oh hey why then we go thank
you okay Karen quick you freak right the
lighters lighter stop moving trying to
be very balanced I haven't even gotten
one okay ready for the big one here big
one huh get this thing out of here huh
something supposed to happen dry here we
go
Oh weapon yeah seriously when you come
here you just point the tyre tour did
you do this I was like Batman style that
was awesome
hey so smoky out here hey see you guys
we've just got a quick firework show for
free well guys that was insane fun
unfortunately we can't do any more
because we actually have to go we're all
hanging out tonight at Colton's house
with all the old friends so we got to go
but please leave a like if you guys want
us to do more fireworks oh we have a ton
more ideas in mind and we'll do a
fireworks night show on the hoverboard
so let us know you want to see another
one
yes oh they got some Christmas whoa they
got a deck now pretty Christmas
decorations knows that oh maybe they got
a move now
looks like we're all the first people
here Colvin jesh so what's on the menu
tonight for food
we got burritos burritos and then ah
dessert is leftover Thanksgiving so pies
what they made some custom homemade
salsa yes with jalapenos and hopper now
high-five is this money you go what the
that looks delicious
brass chicken ready refined beans
so it's 6:30 now we were supposed to
arrive everyone was supposed to arrive
at 6:00 and it's still just us me and
these guys 14
what is it 14 servings of food for 14
people are supposed to be here and no
one's here so we have all this food no
one comes seven extra left sorry uh all
right we're just gonna start eating
without them
ladies first yeah Sandra Mary have
arrived yeah wow this is the most
exciting thing this after the last 25
seconds yes
Wow Andrew and Mary have arrived hey
guys how's that burrito I have no idea
well looks good on a scale of 1 to 10
what do you give it all those looks um
looks this is probably about seven very
life why are we whispering because this
is confidential always yeah
Jacob and Lindsay have made it the party
is officially started bro thanks for
joining us there's enough seats down
here now I better sorry
hey yeah after me I said to figure out
who's right yeah who's on Jake's team
the other project manage aches team guys
hey for one second it's Ryan
Justin marry Brittany Lindsay and I and
the other team is the other team you
know what other team missed me and Jacob
gave moves on to a new game how do you
describe this very fascinating what's
drawing you have to rush and drop the
sentence and then a person this is
called television area it's super fun
though it's very confusing and I'm a
horrible artist so everything gets
twisted with Oracle could be more games
and you're that's what you're here to us
and we're gonna make my kids
you ready what is this the prank line
Wow
hi can I speak to champ no Jim is champ
there goodbye everyone did you show
Colton's new day yeah if you look easier
to turn the tech lead you done Denton
shot off what time is it 11:15
we've already hard we've been here since
what 6
time for bed yow falls off the disciples
of math ba now it is officially time for
bed sorry this vlog has been uploaded a
little later than usual we've just been
hanging out with friends and that's what
has caused us to fall behind but next
week we will be on top of our game we
promise but we hope you have enjoyed
hanging out with all of us tonight it's
been fun we like bringing you guys along
so you can hang out with us it's a good
time
soon we will do firework show at night
we have some cool ideas like I said
earlier so stay tuned and enjoy the rest
your weekend I guess we will see you
guys on Monday
good bye Oh what this target has the
rival guns wait how much really ill
sorry is it
