Happy Thanksgiving everybody we are up
at the cabin right now and me and
Brittany are getting our own Christmas
tree this year a real tree from every
year we've always had the artificial
trees and now that we're out in the
forest we're getting off yeah hey
Brandon
oh they're doing all right so we're
looking for a small one did you find a
tree Brett go Jake got run and got it
right and got a run goober
are you proud first Christmas tree two
guys is that a heavy tree or what we
just got done having dinner or
Thanksgiving food lunch it was delicious
made some well her dad made some smoked
chicken and it was just what else
casserole you know the usual
Thanksgiving food but we're just taking
some ATV time enjoying the snow and each
other
well just like that I'm back down in the
springs didn't film much for
Thanksgiving because we were just
spending a lot of time the family you
know and I'm sure that's what you guys
are doing too so you understand but I'm
here with Andrew now we're looking at
all of the Black Friday deals somewhere
at Bass Pro Shops yeah
so hopefully we can find some other cool
deals maybe some presents for family and
friends
what is that it's a skillet key melter
to make your house smell like eggs
just going to the airport just a
three-day trip you know is this carry-on
funny brain you found our next camping
tent for this year it's got a chimney
and everything double bunks the necks
with your small $10,000 order you can
camp in style
someday
everyone is desperate for some guns
nowadays it's all the nonsense going
around but actually me and Brittany are
getting our concealed Oh Mary already
has her test who just has to take it
down to though sure yeah me and Brittany
are doing ours next week you're doing
yours so we're gonna be safe now you're
gonna put this on your pistol that looks
so cool I think maybe this one it has it
has that double sight it's only five
hundred dollars okay
goodbye the weather outside is very cold
by the way
oh gosh
well we have now migrated to target but
I see some free snacks up there what the
they're becoming Costco yes seeing if I
have any good deals here I was hoping
they have some baby else maybe she pays
but I doubt that that food never has
Black Friday deals I don't know why for
blueberry cookies now we saw a sale sign
up here Oh what this target has the
rival guns wait how much was it though
the Bible is not on sale though
unfortunately great and they have tons
of bullets in the mask why didn't they
have it when we wanted to buy it because
they didn't even know when they were
gonna get it oh they have so many good
movie deals anchor me in two dollars not
blu-ray though but still yeah but this
is the collection three movies for 16
bucks
what oh yeah Back to the Future trilogy
dude
well we have moved to Walmart I got
Jurassic world because it was $10 $15
off
I will accept but I just want to play
this we were just at Target and this
Keurig 2.0 was $74 so Walmart is way
more expensive and then do it on the
curettes it here you got this yeah no
that's a good 34 piece of this 750 Wow
okay this game looks pretty cool but
I've I have a way that can save you $12
just rip pieces of paper it up and write
whatever you want on here instead of
drawing cards
Nene Andrew and Mary and Britney have
done that all the time what what man if
you are desperate for Star Wars they can
have this computer for you yeah where's
the light side inspired Oh
10 bucks or 7 bucks
yes you decide the snow does not stop in
Colorado why music why isn't it because
it's a commercial yeah now that
Thanksgivings done
Christmas music shall begin
so anyways we got some more movies
because very good deal this was four
bucks and that's very good movie and
Godzilla was like seven bucks
so thanks Walmart for the good deals
okay I haven't been an old Navy since
high school no cuz you don't swear
everywhere
we can't film too much of blog stuff
because well some of the presents we get
will potentially be for people who watch
these videos aka Brittany and Mary
family members so we can't film it or
don't know so that's why we haven't make
something too much in these stores I
just have to say shopping for girls
clothes is very hard and you think since
I've been together with Brittany for
like 7 years and we've been married for
over a year that I dunno but that's not
the truth guys I don't think I'll ever
get it spot-on but I'm trying my best
that working like free yeah since when
did Toy Story released a new movie oh
wait this is only 22 minutes long
okay how does this make any sense so
neighbors is $9.99 or the blu-ray is
$7.99 with the DVD so guys Andrew does
marijuana harmonica may be a 3d
wall-mounted puzzle get harmonica dude
to marry into the dirt aka the road yeah
this is not good maybe it'll be icy
tomorrow oh I mean guys we're doing
hoverboards with fireworks soon don't
worry I saw some of you were wanting
that it's coming yeah it ain't cold bear
it's really hard to just stand out here
for a long period of time back home from
shopping and it's time for dinner
tonight we're just having some Buffalo
blue cheese salmon with asparagus and
salad sticking to it guys and we've been
following the news because I don't know
if you guys keep up with the news but
there is a shooting in Colorado Springs
today like I don't know what is up with
our society nowadays well this is
nonsense that keeps going on in
shootings and tragic events that happen
it's so sad and I'm glad the gunman has
been captured and caught he supposedly
supposedly surrendered himself but I
have no idea what he was doing because a
ton of people were injured and one
police officer was killed as well so
send your prayers to the families and
people involved in this incident and
this pray for a better world because the
world we live in is just full of hate we
need more love so none of this stuff
happens why can't we all just be friends
and here's where we're gonna put our
Christmas tree we just bought this thing
you put the tree in
ya see it it's still a snow all over it
so we don't want to bring the snow in
the house but yeah good night guys I'm
thinking tomorrow or something we're
gonna do the hoverboards with fireworks
because it's been a while since we said
we were gonna do that and we don't go
back on our words now do we right so
that's what I'll plan on doing we'll see
what andrew has in mind but just stay
tuned and come back tomorrow want to say
one more thing that I am thankful for
you guys every single one of you guys
watching this video right now I'm
thankful that you are alive and being
here thank you anyways we'll see you
guys tomorrow goodbye
