well hi everybody and welcome back to
Fort mess
we have a super special episode for you
guys today something we have never done
before and we're so excited yeah so
recently on our Facebook page we had one
of our fans moms reach out to us and we
wanted to just read you part of her
message so you can see what's happening
today so this is for mom my ten year old
son Darius and I are heading to Colorado
to the hospital for a major surgery this
week Darius is a massive fan of you guys
and he spent so much of his time on
YouTube because he's constantly
receiving treatments which don't allow
him to be on the move he was born with a
condition that there is no cure and has
had over 12 major surgeries I was
wondering if there was a chance that you
would be able to visit Darius in the
hospital while he's inpatient I think of
it seriously brighten his day if he saw
the two of you walk into his hospital
room so we are here we are going to go
visit him and hopefully we got a bunch
of supplies back here blankets because
we want to build a blanket for over his
hospital bed yes I think that'd be cool
obviously since he just had surgery he's
not able to get up and walk around so
we'll just bring the fort to him yeah
we'll have a fun time introduce you guys
to him but first we're at the store
because we got to get some supplies so
let's go inside
okay so we thought for one of the gifts
some flowers
so which flowers should we get guys oh
also Britney's here with us she can
think about yeah Britney's which flowers
are the best I have love like these
colors that we should pick something out
here
so we're thinking - we're gonna get him
an Amazon gift card because obviously we
don't know him we haven't met him yet
but can get any prison he wants right
we also got a limited edition jeez do it
for him okay guys we just got inside the
hospital so now we're just waiting for
Gareth mom to get down here and then we
can go upstairs and Surprise them
okay no way
by the way guys this is Daris his mom
Tracy thanks so much for contacting us
and reaching out of course okay before
we make the grand entrance surprise you
just want to have Tracy explain to you
guys what exactly is going on with the
area so so Darius was born with a lot of
malformations inside his body and
the diva : the bladder and a couple of
things spinal cord and he is he's a
champ he's had about 14 surgeries but
he's looking to get better with each one
and it's a long road it's not something
that will go away he has this pro life
but he is handling it with a champ and
he's doing great you guys ready to go
upstairs yeah let's do this
let your visitor how's it going
sure your mom's surprise to you she she
messaged us on facebook and said you
would love watching our videos so we
said hey really which one we wanted to
just come by and see if we could build
like a little fort with you there's a
round your bed hang out with you and
we've got ya a little card here and a
hat isn't one of our past we haven't
released yet but
yeah sometimes in the stores it can it
doesn't take that long to build it but
if there's like a bunch of employees
around and trying to escape we can take
a while did you have any idea who did
you think was coming to visit you well I
had to throw you on it is custom made
you need custom capes okay so now we're
in the room we got to figure out how
exactly we want to build this for Andrew
do you have any ideas well we're kind of
like searching around see a bunch of
stuff and luckily as you guys know we
love using these to build forts so this
is a clamp so when we put up the blanket
we sure did he is a true fan guys he is
quoting all the bids
oh I thought that wasn't gonna work
you're wrong a wall here going over
there and then like we could keep like
the TV and if we can flip it up I just
had a climb under here I'm not like a
seasoned professional and Fort making
clearly so what was I thinking
extra props for us big stands for
blankets but Darius has something to
show us
it farts do that with Andrew and Justin
and they'll do the same thing oh yeah
you put it on the Andrews head it's
already recording
oh yeah that's a cool roof you're
destroying the roof this is so cool
I never gotten caught by an employee yes
who's there yeah you're under arrest
what's this video gonna be cold ah
Darius oh yeah it's gonna keep getting
better
what are you doing looking at Brittany
so she can this is going to be viral
what kind of fort is this no there goes
Andy what the pros do it let me Oh
almost done everyone can enjoy their
food while Justin just stands there we
have a roof ladies and gentlemen okay
now it's time to install the lights
since its performance you know we had to
bring lights that's right that's right
all right oh yeah these battery-powered
lights this will come in handy from many
forts Nate off to find an outlet or
anything you can put him anywhere
yep where did you say put him like right
behind you okay oh there we go
so once we turn the lights off these
little cool if we tape it to like the
top of this
yeah what do you want to do what your
brother dr. your super yeah this these
lights are great because they're so
light so it easily yeah exactly I do the
honors Darius we've got it all new oh
wow that's sweet
they were almost done Andrew what else
do we need to do here Andrew yeah we're
thinking if we put a wall right here
it's like it's still yeah
blocks off that area as you guys know we
gotta have food so today what did you
say you could have your favorite food
today finally I can cheese yes so what
are we doing it's perfect perfect I'll
show the world stickers there we go
you think we would stay attached to
there you've got popsicles hmm I know
what I'm adding for dinner
yeah when you're staking a blow so
holding up well goodbye
can you still see the TV yeah guys it is
about time for food since my fort is now
finished
what are you hungry for
something quite a lot of snacks but that
repeat so you do know that Darius loves
mac and cheese they're gonna get him to
mac cheese and then yesterday Pizza
promise I promise
pick down the food they got an epic
salad bar here so we're gonna get loaded
up a nice salad
Andrew what'd you find I got a bagel I'm
gonna put some peanut butter on it oh
it's a good snack
they got chips drinks we're back and we
got the food
oh yes quick bring the food in the fort
what's happening now Darius we are
fighting brothers a big fan oh we're
filming even bro horse he's been talking
about you and how you watch the vid as
well yeah we wish you were here here
Darius show them show them the floor
the epic fortress okay so Darius do you
have anything you want to say or any
advice you want to say to anybody
watching this video Darius advice so
guys don't know what you're going
through but listen to Darius and stay
positive out there okay
we just took a Polaroid - all right so
I'm gonna give this to you hopefully it
comes out so there's the final pic looks
so cool just sign right here yeah
if this concludes today's sport episode
we're gonna leave the Ford up here for
Darius you can enjoy it and have fun
watch some TV but don't forget to leave
a like
and leave some comments down below for
dares to read while he's here give him
some encouraging thoughts and he'll
check him out yes yeah this has been a
fun time bye monkey bye monkey Merry
Christmas
