good morning everyone we have some
monumental news for all you guys who
have been watching every day what is it
it's a surprise
this I see it this is our ghost pepper
and guess who it is okay so as you guys
know we bought this well how long ago
not sure look it's sprouting I'm
touching it don't touch it
I think we need to give him a small
boost of water the first little hint of
a real-life ghost pepper ah yeah it says
only to water it when like this gravel
stuff is dry but it still feels kind of
damp so she's gonna give it a little bit
we just wanted to update you guys in the
progress can't wait till it's in full
blossom soon dad needs some assistance
need some assistance with what moving
the ladder because he's painting the
house
oh what the these are big ladders man
that's scary
yeah the genie also in today's prank
some lady gave me this if you guys
haven't seen it yet its up but I don't
know what did it what kind of thickness
is I'll have to try to think I know but
that was very kind of her she's very
grateful it just kind of smell like
carrot cake probably is taste oh yeah
that's Mel's good so thanks lady
her name's Lisa thanks Lisa well guys as
you know we're have to pick winners for
the skittles
for Instagram so that's what we're doing
today but andrew has added an extra
prize for the people we pick extra
element so the story will show you in
one second let's show what we got for
them this is for two of you guys we're
going to sign these two and send them to
one of the two who commented on one of
my pictures and the skittles one of your
picture right we're each going to end to
skittle bags to another two comments yes
it's time to pick up the skittles and
our local popcorn shop Kohl's maybe even
try some popcorn samples caramel apple
and eggnog popcorn what the uncle
winkers can't miss bacon mints
Oh bacon gumballs darn it they have
every candy except for skittles like
railay we read King Soopers now because
they definitely have skills we just
gotta find
where could the skills be maybe over
here
thank goodness details
patel's super me true for me
Wow who wants some do ya now he
literally just showed up thank goodness
we just got home I know but he hasn't
experienced arrival yet so yes that's
where do you want to experience it
nowhere
pick a body part box
okay now aim it up fire
so Jacob has never tried a hoverboard
yet and every friend we have that comes
over who hasn't tried one we always give
a sample so let's see how awesome he is
huh this is gonna be bad folks so Steph
do you want to be completely flat
cuz then you can be on one foot your
flats yeah your feet tilt
Wow let's step off
0:01 go for it not for us then lean toes
forward slight lean dog you're doing it
though yeah before you ride this you
have to have health insurance so what I
feel like I should keep filming because
you never know what you're gonna get oh
good job
don't worry guys we know these people
we're not just bombarding their property
Oh looks like Daisy the giant Daisy
bingi hey guys sign in the pigs folks
good job thank you I did that you're
signing a baggage little this is kind of
a crappy signature but it's okay all
right whoever gets this bag dad it's
time for a very quick unboxing sister
segment of the Kay hey can we don't know
what it is so here we have a very
succulent looking cake but we weren't
informed what style cake this was so
let's get inside and take a look it I
need assistance and drink it's breaking
injury mechanisms we give this strand a
1 out of 10 it knotted really easy so
don't Jacob Jesus smell this and try and
see if you can figure out what kind of
cake it is carrot just whip it off ah as
we can see this looks like some sort of
cream cheese on the top you go like this
Oh crunch as you can
like that with a perfect bite Wow guys
is it carrot that's good you want me to
try it immediately okay making this look
bad
sorry wow what do you give this out of a
10 we need a number ok 9 this came with
a really cool tin foil can it has got
riches I think this is a very good
quality maybe if I give this as 8 out of
10 quality it doesn't have a little bit
no the tin because it doesn't have a lid
that's the only problem but once you get
in it holds the cake firmly and it's
tastes goods thanks for watching this
episode guys bye butthole
we're all going to get dinner and then
we're going to see the new Hunger Games
tonight
yeah public last time
Daisy
dizzi are you going to be a good in
class today we have some treats for you
hey sit now stay okay
you're so persistent even if I'm her
husband also
so she believed it good girl
Daisy you learning so fast and I got ya
oh we're all back with the crew
commercial guys thank you guys guys
we're at the movie theater scene
Cinemark oh she should mark this is what
a shit mark seeing Hunger Games cuz you
love it we love it do do what you just
were telling me about a bad season yeah
good what do y'all know about this dad
fab that's going around cuz I never
heard of it
I've seen all the NFL players they
always do that or pushing against us I'm
good dab not the yeah I'm gonna have to
get informed they did that selfie
picture like fill them all like well I
like the Christmas lights already up
I can't believe how much Mary loves Star
Wars Hey
who's excited we already bought our
tickets for the midnight release guys
but dad what is this call
what is Jacob doing I never know oh oh
yeah yeah I never know what Jacobs doing
oh wow the way you guys racing
I can actually get the bill
you can use your feet to do this look at
these cheaters Aaron
we're worse
having so much fun
are you having so much fun pretending to
play yeah
pick up what did you just do nothing you
can't do that it's our movie I'm up here
it's time to get some some midnight food
after the movie Hunger Games was really
good but you know gotta get some food
well this evening was very fun The
Hunger Games I actually really liked
this one had a lot more action and I
feel like I don't know what do you guys
think the any of you see the new Hunger
Games I think personally I like The Maze
Runner and the Scorch Trials is probably
my favorite out of all these like teen
heroes that style movies like the
divergent series I think Scorch Trials
is by far the best so I can't wait for
the next one to come out on hand right
now it's 1 a.m. we stayed out pretty
late but it's time for bed because
that's what we have to do I wish I could
stay awake forever but I can't Oh guys
before you go we forgot to announce the
winners for the skittles and the picture
so let's do it real quick Andrew how are
you gonna pick the winner oh I'm just
doing it I loaded all the comments I'm
just going quickly through and if
there's one that makes me laugh I'll
pick them it's hard to choose a winner
because you guys left so many comments
over a thousand how are we gonna choose
guys ah Pheo
you win a pack of Skittles I need those
skittles I'm desperate so the winners
we're sending direct messages too by the
way so look out for direct messages
especially feel so here we go guys I'm
just going to do some random scrolling
like up and down to make it fair I'm
really fast scrolling two different
times and whatever one I pick I will
give the skittles to this one Trung
Benson
Oh Amanda I like skittles so I hope it's
gonna be me okay and one more and this
one jeez that's big Congrats thanks to
everybody who left comments if you guys
want us to do more of these simple like
giveaways like maybe next time we'll
give away a Twinkie or something let us
know if you guys like us doing this and
maybe we will ok new prank go watch bye
see ya well see you tomorrow
good bye we are nerfed out yeah this is
a gun we haven't shown you yet I know
this isn't even nerve so one great thing
about the mech Tommy 20 is the bullets
