good morning and happy Sunday guys me
and Brittany are attending church this
morning which committee you already
deployed no but we like watching sermons
online so we wanted to try going to a
church to see if anything's changed here
nice looking good yeah and we got up
early today we're at the 9 o'clock
service this is the earliest yeah that's
actually not early but that early yes
they have
well had a great session at church now
we're walking Daisy but I'm gonna throw
in the snow she's a snow dog I guess it
matches her coat yeah we're at Mary's
house because we're staying here for the
weekend we're babysitting Isaac all her
parents have like a little weekend
getaway we're going to Bed Bath & Beyond
to return a wedding present
yeah so frosty last night I thought that
was interesting you can see the Sun come
right here and on the side with the Sun
it's all melted and this side is so
frosty
that's cool this is also very annoying
it's the back left turn sick is not
operational
I replaced the bulb in it but because I
thought that might be the problem but
it's still not working so I don't know
what it is
are there any mechanics on this channel
that can help I have a fear that it
might be electrical so sometimes you get
multiple presence of the same thing you
have to go exchange them and that's what
we're gonna do we already have bed
sheets it's running it's something else
we need we've got tons of Colorado stuff
here which is epic plus axles and got
this cool picture some candles that look
like little trees or even like
I don't know yeah the kind of our
decoration and this little thing now we
are at this coffee shop we both haven't
been to before
well actually bring it's been I have but
our friend Tyler and his wife Becca are
here
Tyler is making like a short film or a
commercial I think you know so we're
just coming to check it out yeah yeah a
pretty chill coffeehouse
guys they're filming right now so
upstairs
nothing this kind of looks like a I
could film some sort of scary movie in
this place chandelier I'm filming
filming right behind the scenes here
behind the scenes when are you doing
that this behind the scenes tours
productions this is for the vlog our
daily vlog oh ok guys this is Tyler guys
this is Tyler Tyler squared and what are
we doing here folks this is a production
for save the stores it is about stork
Stewart of coffee and how absolutely
fantastic it is doesn't include storks
are not storks in the coffee it's just
bait the stuff do they deliver the
coffee hand-delivered by deliver storks
it's not good we're gonna have to try
some of this alright well let's get to
it yeah is incredible to store coffees
in your body
scene six take one okay what's most
incredible about store coffee is that
when you buy it it goes to help us
design and build mobile medical units
for pregnancy centers ah sorry sorry
okay
what's most incredible about store
coffee is that when you buy it it goes
to help us design and build mobile
medical units for cream tea centers
across the country all that from just
buying some coffee
ouch Wow
Brittany's burning you have a very hard
roll today just anything you could be
like um you see I love it okay
coffee breath
back home from the quick shoot that was
fun we're gonna be making some more
short films in the future so that would
be very fun anyways making dinner now
I'm making some chicken right here so
you know the use spicy chicken cuz it's
my favorite and I just salt looked at
the nutritional facts again for this
chicken there's 29 grams of protein just
in this piece isn't that insane and for
another side dish I got some rice and I
got this one I know it's not organic or
anything but to make it more healthy
which says use butter but I didn't use
butter I used avocados and just a little
bit of milk and we're also making some
salmon but also making some asparagus
hey beautiful
just a sack of potatoes
Daisy you want some potato there you go
have some potatoes Davey yeah this is my
life
hey this is my keys by the way not yours
excuse me let me smell my people is
watching The Walking Dead I guess what
dad dad dad dad you're in the way
never mind I'm not gonna say it cuz a
lot of you probably haven't even seen it
so well you know what's happened in
today's episode those people did you let
in you go
hey Jay where's your camera folks our
luncheon grandma I don't know just a
handsome nope just got back home from
watching Walking Dead excellent episode
walking Daisy about on our walk this
person's deck was really unique
I got the water effect going or
something it's time for church here we
are folks
I think we've ever blogged one at church
before this is a first not to go to
church we are volunteering in the
children's department today
that is insane
what you got Isaac give your Star Wars
characters and you're watching Star Wars
thank you for watching today's vlog
meit's hope we kept the entertained and
I think tomorrow's vlog we're going to
be doing some nerf gun challenges so
come back and check it out we got some
funny ideas that you guys left that
we're gonna be trying so I think it's
gonna be a fun one well we'll see you
guys tomorrow
