hello and welcome back to NFL show we're
your hosts for today's show thanks for
watching
we're glad you guys liked the last
episode and before we get started let's
go over our picks from last week Aaron's
in the lead he's two and one I'm one and
two so that's nuts
I never mind Aaron's three you know just
kidding I'm three and oh come on let's
just get right in with our top news
stories shall we I'll go first
obviously you can tell by this I'm gonna
pick Brock Osweiler being the starter
for Chicago Sunday morning that's his
first NFL start his first start since I
think 2012 when who is that Arizona
State so Wow is he nervous probably I
feel like there's not too much pressure
for him because even if he messes up
it's like Peyton Manning will probably
come back in a week or two who knows how
long he'll true if you didn't see Wes
Welker he joined the Rams last week he
played a little bit definitely do much
but I think he could potentially be a
good player for them so generally have
any good wide receivers to be honest
we're talking about Tavon Austin he's
pretty good but uh not good at the same
time so another top liner Sam Bradford
got hurt again surprise surprise Wow so
Mark Sanchez a gay but fumble there's
gonna be starting
so that sucks
sorry if you're an Eagles fan beat ready
to get Sam Bradford he has a history of
being hurt and what do you know he's
hurt so shoulder tender it aim
concussion on the same play yeah while
this week's game predictions up Aaron
picked the games this week you picked
three right yep okay first game
Cincinnati versus Arizona at Arizona I'm
gonna go with Arizona one know why
because Arizona went in the Seattle and
beat them all so Cincinnati lost last
week to Houston now that's my pick I
pick Arizona to Cincinnati they're on
their way down
I started it hot but Arizona's too good
next game is Green Bay versus Minnesota
oh my gosh I pick Minnesota
I want to go against you but I know
Minnesota's gonna win so I gotta go with
Minnesota wise man Minnesota Kansas City
versus San Diego Wow I'm going with San
Diego Kansas City they just beat the
Broncos beat the Broncos so they can be
anyone so I don't that good yes yes tank
them let's we don't wanna fit fantasy
who's your fantasy guy this week first
one Devon to Freeman versus Indianapolis
wow that's a good Pig I thought so
here's a pic Carson Palmer against the
bangles wow you did pretty well against
Seattle and she I don't smell like one
of the number one pass defenses so
nothing more to say you Dez Bryant
versus Miami
Wow the road was back-breaking me whoa
DeMarco Murray against Tampa Bay Wow and
see they're playing Tampa but
Mark Sanchez starting a quarterback so I
don't know if I trust any of those wide
receivers and so I think they're gonna
run the ball that's gonna be DeMarco
Murray Derek Carr cars been lighting it
up this year he's been doing really good
with Amari Cooper here so in Detroit's
defense he's gonna do well this week I
predict that's a wise decision
well thanks if you got tugged early I
would start him they're playing they're
playing Baltimore Baltimore has a pretty
good run defense but yeah Todd Gurley
man it's Tigers guys Tiger who's your
sleeper pick James Starks versus
Minnesota Stark's is listed as a starter
over Eddie Lacy and every game he's been
playing in he puts up over a hundred
yards not rushing but also receiving I
combined yeah okay total hundred
scrimmage yards so and if he gets a
touchdown he puts up you know 17 points
easy
I see Aventine points huh mm-hmm oh wow
yeah
the annecy aaron has spoke here's my
sleeper pick Demaryius Thomas at Chicago
that is a sleeper your probably couldn't
see Mary's Thomas how is that a sleeper
he only has one to two touchdowns right
I think only has a two touchdowns on the
season fact-check fact-check says one
touchdown Ford AmeriGas of one touchdown
that is push that ain't job so that's
why he is he was here on the radar and
then oh he's so far off the radar right
now that he is an insane sleeper picking
it's gonna get a touchdown well he will
have a touchdown this game any final
thoughts
I don't know we hope you guys were able
to set your lineups before the game
started today yeah oh yeah I was also I
wrote down my final thoughts here that
Ohio State they had to have tried to
lose on purpose I know this isn't NFL
news this is college news but this put a
damper in our mood today Ohio State
played the worst game I've ever seen
I go bad heat sink the coach was calling
the worst plays I
I'm very disappointed damn pissed but
leave some comments down below if you
want some fantasy advice for next week
and we'll answer them on the show sound
good yeah all right
and it seems like each episode we're
getting better with the set so be on the
lookout for next episode we're gonna be
in a full studio anyways a happy
football pace
