good morning guys hope you're having a
fantastic day
we sure are we're starting the morning
off right and guess what our community
center has free donuts today for some
reason
but today me and Brittany are starting
our healthy eating back up again after
the doughnut though whoa that is so kind
of them to get these donuts what's your
kind of favorite though I think I like
powdered they have chocolate though yeah
we're gonna get back into working out
we're gonna be showing you guys what we
eat every day you can come along the
healthy journey with us if you want it's
okay to have bad foods every now and
then so a doughnut is fine okay all
right
costco but guys holy crap a hundred and
ninety dollar teddy bear what could we
do with this in a prank hmm
do you guys think we should get one of
these
don't worry guys this pie is non-gmo no
turn up for turkey Tuesdays y'all gotta
get you Turkey
yeah
Oh My yes applewood smoked bacon with no
antibiotics yes
pay four dollars off these are normally
like 250 each do you guys like shopping
lately have or not lately I've always
really loved going shopping for food fun
this is very good if you're trying to
eat healthy salmon oh yeah
what is another good thing about coming
to Costco free samples yes yes yeah how
we're getting turnt up in here at Costco
going hit we actually don't have a
membership here but Brittany's mom does
so you get to come here for a brief I
will accept that
how do you feel about all the new
groceries you got good populace is a
long time it'll be it'll be nice to just
like I don't know be the same thing me
and Brittany have devised some cool
plans for our groceries like we bought
like two of the bags of salmon and
instead of each of us getting our own
salmon we're gonna split a salmon and
then have like asparagus have like more
sides so it's more filling my potatoes
asparagus salad so we save more savings
we could have it then you just fill up
one veggies and
fujio's art is sailor buddies yeah
do you want to play with the gun okay
let's let's all write a lot it for you
come over here all right now hold the
gun fire that was Cynthia's cage welcome
to the broadcast we're doing uh we're
doing a Q&A today for today's vlog so if
you have questions go leave them on our
Instagram pictures yeah we're about we
haven't posted them yet though yeah you
want to duel me stay back you breached
Oh Oh
stab me hurry before it's too late
Isaac quick stab me I'm a villain No
oh you're still friend your life yeah
don't worry guys he he can't look there
in there there's no way he can load this
it's too hard
but don't point it that way he did this
himself but the mask fell off okay all
right you want to duel I think you have
the wrong color lightsaber though no you
have to keep it on Darth Vader can't
breathe Oh what did you just say you
just said das veda is camming Darth
Vader does not have an AF Ken today we
are filming a new QA which we haven't
done in over a year
probably yeah years actually and I know
a lot of you have asked us in the past
to do a Q&A well we're back we post
Weibo andrea has a severe case of the
hiccups right now for some reason yeah
but yeah we both meanie and you're both
posted a picture on our instagrams
asking you guys to leave some questions
so we hope we picked your question but
if not don't worry we're gonna do more
of these okay
now you please get the settings correct
because last time as you guys know and
recorded one of the challenges in ultra
slow mo and let's do a test when you go
sit down and say something okay okay
you're live hey guys that's good now
let's do it a playback here okay that
looks pretty normal
well guys I posted the picture of the
skittles and you have guys have been
leaving comments so I'm thinking within
the next couple days meaning girar gonna
go through our instagrams comments and
pick a few of you to give some out now I
want to show you Andrew also posted his
if you guys haven't already seen it it's
for pictures back it's this one so you
can come on his as well we're each going
to be choosing maybe like two or three
or something I don't know yet but we
will decide in the upcoming vlogs so
stay tuned folks
Raymond how'd that happen
Nicky's got trapped in here nice anyways
we've made it to the school I've you
would school and for those of you who
haven't seen this before they turn this
school into a brewery yeah they turned
it into a little coffee shop brewery and
bakery it smells so good in here
we'll shop some snacks that's awesome
some complimentary water for you miss
looking beautiful
yeah ones wonderful thank you so this is
the first time me and Brittany have ever
had one of these drinks with the designs
in them I mean it's a simple coffee it's
just a latte but with the design it's
pretty cool but you're just leaving
we've got the heart mine's like a
tornado you know
that is nice
see my gosh that coffee was so good did
you like it Britt stay I there's like no
other coffee place in town like what we
live that is like this place but I think
it's so cool they have light it just has
this old-school feel to it it's just so
fun but we're getting a ton of good pics
which you will see on our instagrams
all right we're back home cooking some
food
pesto salmon today when you have salmon
a lot you got to experiment with
different things but we've had this
before this I also got Brittany this but
Daisy really wants yeah no this is not
yours we are all done with dinner and
we're going to work out tonight but I
think I'm gonna end the vlog here and
just go over three comments for you Nick
said in regards to our other nerf gun
video you should do a nerf war in the
library get a bunch of people to play
epic music and have a full-on intense
nerf war in the library that'd be pretty
sweet that seriously sounds so epic and
we have thought of that idea before but
the only problem is I don't know if
that's a good idea to bring nerf guns in
the library or anywhere public although
yes they are nerf guns and they're
colorful but yeah it just doesn't seem
like a good idea maybe we can make a
nerf gun skit though Patricia says make
another video today okay Patricia I hope
this video has sufficed for you thanks
for leaving a comment I leave a like on
your vids before I watch them keep up
the good work and remember life is great
well Thomas you are exactly right life
is great and we appreciate you leaving a
like on our videos especially before you
watch em it means a lot to us so thanks
anyways I guess enjoy the weekend folks
and we'll see you back here next time
goodbye
