hey guys this board games - and we're
doing a Q&A for you guys
and we haven't done another Q&A since
years ago yeah it's been forever and we
just posted an Instagram pictures asking
you guys so keep some good nights and
boil boy did you guys leave some
questions we had so many go through yeah
so should we just jump right into this
sure first questions flash act /
whatever you guys want us to do
but nerd drive-by shooting with a nerf
gun okay
now does Buford have a crush on Daisy
no I don't recall that
coming up when he was in the house he
tried to eat Daisy I don't hug so that's
not some but sometimes being mean to
someone means you like them so we're not
we're not sure
any news on our show well we are still
in the works with our TV show guys it's
just such a slow process the industry is
just crazy and slow it sucks it's like a
traffic jam or the highway rush hour but
it's a long highway the traffic jam
doesn't end
have no fear we're here doing all we can
to make this work and it's going to
happen so so just stay with us what's
your favorite doughnut
hey which one is that
oh look no luggage my favorite doughnut
is probably yeah yeah
wrinkles could you do a little skit of
the first thing that pops into your head
also could you include the words banana
and left uh hey man can you bring me a
banana there's one in the fridge
oh wait a minute this pop-tarts making
me thirsty game got me to milk but I
drank this with my lips first you
betrayed me again
the heck's wrong with you bud I don't
like that attitude you're giving me
wrong you just stop whatever man I
thought we were friends but now we're
brothers I'm going to bed well fine I
guess I'll play battlefield without you
what what's your guys's middle names no
why
they're desperate to know math you know
what no call it what was your first
memory
oh hey man have you've been wondering
about this man wanna be friends nah mom
do a reenactment of a Star Wars
lightsaber scene from one of the movies
freeze or I'll use the blaster you think
you can test me is that supposed to
scare me a little Jedi just don't I am
going to do it what do you want for
christmas little boys what do i want for
christmas
nothing for Christmas I want to know who
the real Santa Claus or what I want
something that I can resale so it needs
to be valuable what noise would you make
if you were an alarm clock go oh
would be the worst alarm clock how do
you grow up to be a firetruck you good
idea it's really really like that cuz
that how do you grow it to be a fire
truck well you go through school and
they'll teach you about what it is to be
a firetruck you take your test and you
can graduate as well okay it's pretty
simple who's more awkward and your sites
are Andrew Hales now that's a tough
question you can yes they're both
awkward very awkward Hales is our friend
now so that's not a bad thing oh it's
not yeah
inhales what was it like talking for the
first time okay what are some tips for
not getting caught making a toilet paper
for very easy go later in the evening
when there's not too many people and
don't shout I'm mixed don't have your
phone on loud and don't shout yeah no
shouting watch me what made you what
made you want to do hilarious pranks
well when we sat down and decided we
wanted to do pranks we had to decide
what kind of pranks hilarious is one of
the options what are some of the other
options that we thought of hilarious non
hilarious just very boring pranks was an
option but we decided to go to the
hilarious pranks what tips do you have
for someone trying to start a prank
channel please reply well what type of
prints do you want to do just be
yourself
don't do it for the views don't do it
for the money just have fun that's how
we started you can do hilarious pranks
like boring pranks you got just to run
hilarious pranks
would you rather stop uploading to your
main channel or a second channel putting
everything aside second channel main
channel
while we're opposites okay
do you know the muffin man no
Oh can you notice me no is this question
gonna get answer no have you seen my
phone charger yeah
are you ever gonna come to South
Australia no is be furred and vegetable
no what is your favorite thing you love
about the springs which is where we live
Colorado Springs well I love all the
different that you get all the different
seasons here like perfectly perfect snow
perfect colors during the spring and
fall and summers are beautiful what
about you
and mountains pretend your goes to scare
somebody but then feels bad about it I
can't even understand you oh wow I am so
sorry I don't know but I wanna know what
your pooping with your pants on the
toilet seat down how many stores did you
call to find the new nerf gun and we
went to more let me call that all the
stores I have three important questions
what do you want for christmas without
an answer that best time of the year to
visit colorado well no it just depends
on what you like all the seasons are
perfect okay and dad questionmark know
if you could travel anywhere you haven't
been before where would you go
definitive maybe don't kill Japan okay
chocolate dumbass well folks that's all
the questions we have for today's Q&A
there will be more in the future so if
you want to leave a question do it in
the comments or maybe we'll do another
announcement honors
instagrams knows but yeah leave some
comments and we'll use maybe yours well
see you later huh
