good morning fam everyone we have some
fantastic news for today's vlog and you
may already you probably know what it's
about since it's the title and thumbnail
but if you've been watching some
previous vlogs we have been looking
everywhere for the nerf the nerf the new
nerf gun that just came out pretty
recently
what is it the nerf rival and we called
around to a few stores and this Walmart
seems to be the only Walmart in town
that has done these guns in stock ever
recall Toys R Us all the targets all the
Walmarts this is the only one which is
crazy I don't know that many people have
been trying to buy this but we are
getting our hands on it and we will be
testing it out okay now we already found
the nerf gun aisle oh I'll dedicated to
it now there it is oh this is the Apollo
yeah it's this one's cheaper 23 bucks
that's cool
well well oh this one down here - dude
holy crap crap these are not the right
spot yeah who's been putting all these
products yes Oleg oh look how much
bigger this gun is here hold that one up
like what's this on call this is the
Zeus this is team red and this is Apollo
well this is red - but team red team
boom which one this one spring action
has accuracy
100 FPS it is motorized holy this is way
more powerful
oh yes finally well this is pretty cool
watch him come watching oh oh oh through
the whole track in two seconds that's
coming dumb why it's so quick you know I
have a nerve or not nerve connects
roller coaster at my house what yeah
what is it this big it's bigger than
this isn't like the whole table
Donald we have got it now time to head
home for the unboxing sisters somebody
make us an unboxing sisters intro
anytime we do unboxing sisters the
little logo pops up and move the logo I
don't know
I don't know maybe just shirt or some
creative people out there I can make an
unboxing sister's logo and intro whoa
feed now all the snows gone for the most
part in the roads it's just kind of
slushy watery just big piles and it's
cold
I know we need a show here in this he is
the nerf gun addict he will love this
Aaron Aaron we have got the nerf gun
rival yes take a look at the stats
he's busy though busy that's okay
what are you playing what do you think
Battlefront
just a little Walker assault battlefront
is so much fun we haven't made a game
plan goo squad gaming yet but we are
working I think we're going to make one
tonight actually so be on the lookout if
you're subscribed to our gaming channel
alright it is time for the unboxing
sisters let's take a DAB in this okay we
need a knife here we have scissors
perfect just want to say we got the
Apollo because we were comparing stats
in the stores and this this is the same
velocity as the Apollo the only
difference is this yeah the other one
takes batteries and cost more so you
decide what your skill set should be so
just also we need to point out here that
uh this nerf gun states ages 14 and up
only so this is not for babies or keys
I'm not even kidding I would totally get
this for my son if he was under 14 whole
you rebel yeah fresh out of the box what
comes in the box just that first glance
here this is the spring loaded ammo case
that will hold all of these fellas let's
just cut this all these fellas
these are high-impact rounds okay so
these aren't to be messed with
they're still nerf though see they're
squishy but they're circular this is the
first time in history nerf has ever done
this this is insane you know so um
come on come on come on whoa whoa there
this is perfect sighs it's like a pistol
you can either hold it with one or two
hands but it still gets the job done let
me feel this man this has some
significant weight I just wanted to
point out a really cool feature as well
what guys want to see this yeah
Wow so see sometimes in previous nerf
gangs bullets go over the place you have
to pick them up and load them but with
this you can do this you have to just
hit it right in and your holy load my
gosh oh so when you're on the
battlefield you just quickly can do that
this right I think Oh back off oh my oh
yeah
do not point that at my face hola
anticipation is easy but that off all
right Amy Erin aim Erin's dark we needed
a light on nope he's perfect I don't
turn that light on we want good footage
here we need to hit your back though
yeah I know
autonomy mm-hmm all right that's better
aim where to go it evaporated I guess we
have found one calm we these are easily
crews they just shoot so fast you can't
find them eat it oh crap easy to load
and everything so
the book ah crap huh
well there it is no head shots even oh
that's the rule Wow be quick you're in
the battlefield there's the bullet oh
crap page Mabel I try to lock it was
away how about you sin and I shoot you
oops
put that down Oh maybe very later we'll
try yeah lock it we'll do that huh
fire is this thing like a safety all the
way forward
uh-oh all right here we go I know if
it's gonna kill him the rock out of rock
Oh
oh my be fun fella oh yes who wants to
see some nerf challenges so this is June
point-blank 4head oh we have to do a
challenge in the loser head that's what
happens oh oh look we'll figure it out
though this is fun though where'd the
ball go there Aaron Aaron hi oh god I
caught it wow you are aren't yet nerf
ninja dude yes yeah sweet Justin thinks
he's a Jedi Oh we'll see about that I
fallen II can only shoot in this area
nope a shot no face shots and block this
oh did you block it no try again ah
oh oh I was close though I was close
though
Aaron and I just got back from the gym a
very powerful workout right but we have
something cool to show you the guys at
viga sent us a new performance protein
it's a new formula and we're going to
try it out and just want to show you the
differences here this is the old Vita
protein and this is the new via protein
the new ones got 30 grams of protein
some BCAAs and glutamine the old one
only had 25 grams of protein and I don't
even think it had BCAAs so I'm not sure
actually but yeah I think it has a
little bit of glutamine but anyways this
new protein pack I think it's going to
be really good and it's just awesome
that viga sends us this stuff to try out
so thank you guys / viga and I think
it's cool that they're always looking
for ways to improve their products
because there wasn't like too long that
they came out with like this sport line
and now they made it better so I think
that's really cool quality in a company
that they're always striving to make
better products they're not yeah so
we're going to make a shake yeah but not
like this
put that back no no put them back in the
protein cabinet we're making it with
this Oh No read the instructions they're
instructions you poor poor do
oh I think it's cool that they put you
can make half a scoop and make like a
half a portion if you want I like not
seen that on any label before you can do
half and half I real are you serious Wow
here's the first test good
hmm yeah that's good really good there's
no bad ingredients either like a bunch
of mal throw maltodextrin right mm-hmm
no multo Textron no soy next tine no
gluten there's no soy dilute in no soy G
it's non-gmo this is just it's good a
lot of times when stuff is healthy for
you it doesn't taste as good to be
honest but there's very little sugar to
yes is very good all right guys that's
the end of todays vlog and before you
leave we want to say leave some comments
of what you guys want us to do next with
nerf guns and maybe we'll try some of
your ideas out in some future vlogs yeah
also about comments of the day we have a
few comes of the day for you we forgot
yesterday so today Thomas of the day we
have for today sorry so sorry we didn't
do it yesterday but we're going to talk
about four we'll take turns here first
comment of the day is Buford non-gmo
let's ask him say Buford are you non-gmo
yes
if yes come out of it house
King be furred sleeping next comment is
everyone copies Casey nice Ted I just
want to ask how is that and I'm confused
why you think we are copying him because
why do you have any comments about this
well we did find this video he did
snowboarding in New York City which is
kind of what we did but like I said in
the blog we does before yeah we've been
doing this for like three years every
time it snows would go up a ramp out
there
oh and everything under the Sun has
already been done anyway yeah we just
haven't blogged it before so and just
because Casey edits his videos the way
he does doesn't mean nobody else on
earth can edit that way I feel like a
lot of people say that I go edits though
he had music he does cool edits no one
else can do that it's copy he vlogs no
one else can do that so that's our
thoughts about that we we do like Casey
but we're not copying him you guys make
the best vlogs by far
snow is awesome yeah
can I be comment of the day hashtag I
love more Jase - yes Chad well guys
thanks for watching and I guess we'll
see you tomorrow oh and I wanted to
point out we really appreciate the
support on our previous vlogs we noticed
that our last nerf gun video has like
over 80,000 views so that just tells us
you guys want to see more nerf gun
videos and I had a lot of likes so you
guys are just showing us do you want
more of that content so that's what
you're gonna get for a little bit so
thanks and we'll see you tomorrow bye
okay they get more feed this time oh I
didn't bring money
