good morning snowmen let's just look
outside oh my goodness gracious let's go
outside and take a look the wall is
covered
who knows what temperature it is yeah
mama
there's so much snow out here about to
have breakfast Mary is making waffles
and eggs some eggs Mary uh supposed to
go to school today you're skipping no
excuses Mary your teachers will be
pissed I'm just kidding I don't want you
driving in this bananas after breakfast
I'm gonna fire up the snowblower and go
outside and destroy the snow drifts look
at her neighbor's snowdrift on the
stairs it's like coming up to his belly
button it's pretty windy out here I got
some deep snow this part is pretty deep
yeah here's the snowblower let's try it
out
these are our stairs what you guys do
you like the snow so me and Brittany are
heading over to Andrew's house there's
no adventure oh my goodness look at all
this snow but the pool is still warm the
pool hasn't frozen over so that's good
but I gotta get to the car
we finished the ramp but now it's time
to test it
we've done this many times so don't
worry you got this under control my man
Nicholas is going first are you ready
sir yeah let's go show you the ramp here
is the final product nice
then we got our cheerleaders here for
support yeah so it's kind of windy out
here so I'm trying to do my best to
block out the wind because we don't have
a fluff on the camera to block out the
wind so hopefully that's not a problem
in today's vlog the first test of the
ramp hopefully this goes well we are
going down the lane let's see how
efficacies okay they're getting more
speed this time oh I didn't bring my
snowboard so we're seeing if there are
some sleds aha we let a ton of slits
which one do you guys want here's one
for you alright this will do okay
so just three I think yeah I have an
idea maybe it'd be funny to try andrew
has like a ton of blank skateboard decks
okay let me show you you guys have
probably ready seen this but if you
stand on that I want to try
boy no let's go well that was fun taking
a quick break and now the ladies are
giving it a go
they're ready for initiation Britney get
nervous what all right what's the plan
now boss what's the plan we're gonna try
and do a poor person train with movie
slides
we lost three ready for takeoff captain
did your butt checks hurt
sameen Brittany are taking a quick break
to grab some lunch and some food for
tonight and so we have to go home to
feed Daisy it's lunch time for her me
and Brittany are just cooking some for
alfredo mac and cheese with some chicken
spicy chicken well it complements the
mac and cheese to perfection
trust me like I said before this sauce
does wonders and here is the final
product let me tell you this is so good
if you want to try it you will not be
disappointed like very good what do you
say even Daisy's desperate for it fro yo
yo yo her neighbor manica oh wait is
that the Arkansas Pig oh I think so yeah
I think you believe he made that he's
got a bunch of them on his mini fridge
something no this epic in pig sooie I am
so excited for some frozen yogurt on a
frozen day I know people usually it's
frozen you don't get this kind of well
you want to they have a couple new
flavors Irish match more graham cracker
let's look at everyone's flavors
looks healthy fruit more it's not
impressive Mary gets hypsi stuff in the
meal make those I'm gonna say can
awesome package if you don't know what
if she is
you I don't like a monthly subscription
you get makeup things I don't know she's
gonna show you what's in it it's you bag
okay first this thingy mascara like I've
heard of Smashbox and I've heard that
they're really really good expensive so
they must be good ooh try this again I'm
just thinking I don't know oh it's
primer oh really
yeah I don't know what that is it's
stuff you put under your makeup really
so it stays on long oh I shadow Oh what
color is that kind of like him purple
purple brown I don't know cool try it
out brush oh that's a crease brush so
you know that's a paint brush
oh so I can meet with Isaac this is a
highlighting trio what does that mean
you like him oh I'm gonna be honest here
I've never highlighted and I don't know
how to do it you got this you got at
least try whoa I like YouTube some stuff
probably call Brittany and cried
everything how's that be that's awesome
it's cool cuz it's like it's like 10
bucks a month so it's like if you know
what you want to buy then you know you
don't like need this stuff it's it's
random stuff yeah like for me at all you
know what I'm doing okay
her last month's was like Halloween and
it came with this pumpkin face scrub and
like purple Andi dinner yeah the scrub
is cool these are crazy but don't be no
perfect yeah well guys that's the end of
the vlog thanks for watching do we have
any final words to say to everybody
it's pretty snowy here but now it's it's
it's melting that's what happens call
right on its nose the next day it's like
slush Ville everything's wet new prank
video up yeah new prank is live so go
check it out give it a thumbs up and
thanks yeah I guess we'll see you
tomorrow goodbye
you trying to rip me off or something
