good morning everybody or driving over
to my old high school to drop off
Cynthia today Aaron you're going to
school yeah Wow
okay see ya here's Cynthia's new home
it's awesome she's so happy I hope ow
Andy here you are at our old high school
hey Cynthia and just like that Cynthia
is gone except I wasn't allowed to go in
because I forgot my wallet so I didn't
have my ID so I didn't get to go to the
science room we can visit her we're
taking my dad's car because we had to
return this big ladder and he was
painting the house but he's done now we
went to the store and Mary found these
baby bananas mmm they're so small look
how small he is he just fits in my hand
I like normal bananas what did we forget
you like normal bananas you guys won't
know we nerd fact about me up until like
probably last year two years ago I hated
eating bananas just the texture like
this swishy banana is just like death I
did not like it
Buford be a bird hey guys it's me this
is me with my grandma that's pretty cool
who's ready to prank me Oh Oh H I oh go
go Oh
or drivin to UCCS to film but we have an
update for you guys in less than what
you say eight hours holy SH I'm tonight
probably 8 to 9 hours ish it's going to
start snowing here and actually in
Denver there's a blizzard warning for
tomorrow morning because the winds are
going to be like of this 60 miles an
hour or whatever so look right now it's
very dry out as you can tell yeah and
then when it snows will film and you'll
see how crazy Colorado be a change we're
trying to think of some snow pranks as
well if you did you guys ever see the
picking snowball fights video we did on
Andrew Hales channel off we're just
reminiscing about that here live at CC
we went to the other college the clouds
are getting darker the temperature is
dropping
be prepared the storms coming
get your pizza's ready we're in this
dark room and he's weird looking
computers remind me a fall out
a fall you know what I'm talking about
it looks like the terminals it's a
simple idea today alphabet scares we're
just going up behind people I'm just
saying life letters in the alphabet and
then we're gonna combine all the clips
so it's like a Oh different clip B
hopefully it turns out pretty funny
filming is going pretty well better than
other weather update it's starting to
rain why it's very cloudy now I smell
hot dogs as Lamarr Wilson would say set
up camp right here oh come on
I would not be fun decision Andrew
what's it goal able to Leila
he thinks he is smart geography master
asked people to name their countries
that is correct
Wow do we get a prize for winning you
have to go over seven hey why come label
some of some countries
I got Costa Rica and Puerto Rico I am
NOT a geography major that was not my
thing so you know a lot more when I took
Spanish in high school we have to do
that all the time so you cannot was
years ago back in that day hey everyone
Congrats guys
okay I'm not it you just did it
Pete oh sorry I'm doing all right what
it what purple backpack
hey guys blue backpack I'd see it
nice car guys this isn't a road we're
having lunch now we're at chick-fil-a
but we just figured out that chick-fil-a
if you would focus I'd be great
chick-fil-a has a secret menu we're
doing gifts on your calendars Wow 2016
calendars these are brand-new yeah thank
you
the cows rule hey they're the best in
the west eat more chicken chick-fil-a
has a secret menu items one is a buffalo
chicken sandwich you can get a chicken
quesadilla there's just other stuff but
it's just sad because this location they
don't have any right yeah it's only it's
only at some locations will do them so
but this location is one of the best
chick-fil-a locations in town because we
know the people here they're always so
kind but where are we we're at the
Garden of the Gods location Thanks
maybe even quick weather update it's
gotten way colder since we last told you
guys and to sprint to the libraries if
you're freezing the wind is getting
deathly cold but yeah we're at UCCS
right now fill me
it's your turn yeah hey there it's
starting to snow you probably can't see
it but it is and it's windy crap
uh-oh it's turning to a blizzard outside
yeah this sucks
and you don't even have a jacket okay it
was warm this morning into the storm we
go whoa it's just it's sad because on
camera it doesn't look as powerful no I
thought I was about to say but in real
life like this it will look at the
window ouch
by the time it's like 6:00 the ground
will be covered yeah let's just have a
flashback moment to earlier when I was
filming like Pikes Peak and stuff and
this is well looks like now did you tell
them what was out no why don't you tell
them guys guess what comes out tonight
guess what comes out tonight Star Wars
Battlefront Star Wars Star Wars
Battlefront Star Wars guess who
pre-ordered Star Wars Battlefront Stars
this guy and err insights here before
him I wasn't I haven't been I haven't
been spoken to yet I was just wondering
what time you guys open for the Star
Wars huh yeah country and that's when
you guys give them out or what okay all
right
thanks see you then the cars are all
covered in snow already sticking to the
cars man no no that target for good
reason looking for a toy that we told
you about before which we'll show you in
a minute but first this
what user dry now oh well guys we have
some more bad news again why do people
keep buying these just give us one gun
come uh all we want to do is shoot these
at each other but no we can't we're
getting geared up for tonight's release
party for Star Wars Battlefront yeah Wow
Justin let me borrow his sweater because
I was cold now let's go back out it just
short sleeves all day nah I pass
thank you very much calling Kings left
we're gonna have any flood relief system
perfect tonight mr. Lee honey okay yeah
are you guys having a lightsaber duel at
the party as well all right
hi my friend um tin was wondering if he
can bring the dual sided Dalton wool
light saber know if if he and I we both
have one if we can bring it to the party
Oh awesome are other people gonna be
bringing their last service as well
I don't know okay I guess I'll see you
guys then all right eBay yeah my friend
gulp said you guys were having the
release party at Chuck E Cheese is that
true or you guys actually having to add
the GameStop oh okay cool and you guys
have pizza - hey guys Catering pizza -
okay all right
Jedi on I had a question about
battlefront what kind of exclusive like
packs do do you do you have those I do
you have that yeah dude do you have the
one that comes with the Darth Vader mask
or is that what does the deluxe one half
is that five pieces of three early open
early access weapons at two
oh okay but none of them are the dog
video mask right okay but okay that was
my question thanks hi I was just
wondering what time the movie starts
tonight for the star was the movie
starts um we're doing internalizations
at 6:00 and then we're passing the game
out at number one okay so the movie
starts a little bit after 6:00 you'd say
okay playing no thank you okay goodbye
suggests there's a movie playing tonight
if you guys watch the most recent prank
at the end we said who should we give
you guys one of you guys a bag of
Skittles on our Instagram and you
already posted a picture but I haven't
posted mine yet but if you guys want to
back a skill from us go follow us on
Instagram I'll post my picture soon the
crap go over here I got my dog made a
mask so we got a life's a boost and
we're about to have a duel yeah do you
have that also snapchat mm-hmm one's a
deceiver of the Republic
dong-yi wah-wah-wah-wah the force is
strong with this we are team it's coming
down it's only 4:15 it looks like it's
dinnertime
I don't get it I guess I'll see you for
Star Wars premiere in a little bit yeah
okay see you guys bye whoa the snow is
picking up fellas but I just love
Andrews I picked up Brittany and we are
here at the shop to buy our gate because
I'm Qdoba is giving away some free food
I'll talk to you inside it's kind of
snowing windy out here
few are prepared for the storm new
beanie did everything you bought on -
Sookie dov'Ã¨ has a new tacos that just
released
until the 22nd you can get a free taco
at each of q doable location so we're
taking advantage of a free food
yes
all nerds
holy yes good really just killed the
tacos we got the to time comes with the
soft shell and a hard shell with cold
pork I was actually so good feel good
like I could totally get that again well
next up I'll be telling Justin like that
was food food hopping that's the new
thing whenever there's free foodie food
hop so we're just going through the
drive-thru and this guy watch the vid
what's your name man
I'm Jack thanks for watching appreciate
the support bro of course nice know what
you do yeah well we'll see you next time
see you next time yeah but so this one
is the triple threat which come for a
steak bacon veggies queso I don't know
it looks good any want to know the good
thing about going places with the wifey
she isn't always as hungry as I am so
she's probably not going to eat all that
which means
the steak is really good hold Mosley
normally you get chicken though
I usually never get steak with this I
can definitely get again all right come
on you got this
Oh chicken
oh yeah
really Colorado you're doing such a good
job yeah yeah we have Jeep so this is
Jeep is really good in snow so I don't
have any properties all annoying so much
snow on road hey you're very cocky what
what what do you think nothing nothing
are you trying to be rational I don't
know I found very nice really like all
right
teach me how to speak Russian you'll
just talk like this you'll just talk
like zis hey you're kind of gold yeah
I'm not the best at it but I trying I
can't sound like it to people who don't
know what la should sound like
okay ah you're Russian don't take that
offensively we just really like your
accent I love doing accents okay we went
to one more Qdoba
what Brittany's not hungry so I get free
tacos that's okay I accept but I just
want to tell you guys so I did the math
a single taco here is 350 now we've been
to 3q dopest so if you do two tacos at
$7 at HQ domain for both of us 7 times 3
is 21 so we have just got 21 dollars
worth of free food and they are doing
this for 7 days
please don't snapchat me guys if you do
the math throughout the whole week
that's about I think a hundred and forty
seven dollars worth of free tacos so if
you guys have a feed over nearby take
advantage of the seafood I mean come on
look at this how can you pass up a free
taco so not only do we did we get free
Qdoba we also have a stamp card at
kangaroo coffee so we have a free coffee
as well mom just asked Aaron go get the
mail so now something Aaron and I like
to do in the snow is pass football so
we're all geared up I got my bucket hat
on
let's pass almost time for dinner
having homemade chili guys it's snowing
pretty good Aaron why are you dancing Oh
cuz I got that message Academy district
20 is closed on Tuesday they already
called a snow day and it's only seven
o'clock you know what this means hereand
that'll thrown all night long
all day all day tomorrow I want to show
you guys this really cool thing so this
is our wedding DVD but it's a thumb
drive and it flips out if I can do this
one-handed and it's made out of wood
it's got one of our cool pictures on it
I think this is like one of the coolest
things I've ever seen
guys are going to the Balrog premiere
there's Aaron I think we're just
following you
ha ha getting some snacks Oh what are
you guys doing I don't know click pic
stop at Advance Auto Parts turn signal
that's out well here's the parking lot
guys oh I mean it's kind of more it's
not sticking it's more like slush evil
we made it to Best Buy hey fellas okay
fellas
I brought light sabers it's gonna be so
fun we're here a little bit early so we
can play yeah boys a good idea getting
here early we were saying people in the
parking lot here five to this snowing
we're not sure what to do okay shall we
Oh ghost come on oh come on
oh okay
often severe burning all this bag I'm
snow come from Dover beat see kitty yeah
look at the nerd standing outside
they're desperate
y'all bro since you work at Best Buy did
you get the new battlefront I did not oh
come on brah alright dude you know I
would have I have to survive driving
home oh that's true yeah I think we're
allowed to go in now
hey guys what up
we get a free guy and storm here we got
a guy online I want this guy whoo-hah
kylo Ren we get to pick one of these as
well yeah I want to get it so bad no
touching yet I got cold gamer on
wherever that is and Aaron and I both
got kylos as you can
Aaron thought have a great idea for his
patch Oh where's my thank you
Oh Aaron you got yours this goof decided
to trade who cares man this is a way
better character I told you this is a
stormtrooper he's a film trooper captain
well we got the games this is the best
best buy ever
yeah I'm sorry the move is starting guys
oh yeah the movie starting this guy got
the special edition ps4 that no lucky
keep move the ladies came with us - oh
thanks ladies
they're excited as we are on a scale of
one to ten how excited are you to play
battlefront we'll see online in five
minutes
all right oh the only people out on the
road right now are either snow plows or
Desperados for Star Wars we're one of
those two Desperados this is the first
unboxing of battlefront
now I have two games I don't know which
one to play cuz they're both fun whoa
this is cool we have a season pass what
the this doesn't even come with any
instructions
well guys looks like we're gonna have a
snow day so come back tomorrow we're
gonna do some snow adventures and who
knows what else we're gonna do
thanks for watching today and we will
see you guys tomorrow goodbye
really nope nobody to chick
