good morning fam before we start the
blog I just want to say and encourage
you guys to put all hate aside today we
can never make the world a better place
with hate
that's all to say so what's going on
it's good right which you want to
compare do you want
ah
hey these are so good these can vary
yeah Mulkey's flavors mango ginger Barry
you have the ninja baby mmm
but yet today we're at the story now
because we're going to get some cash
back because we're meeting Andrew and
Mary at our local school will go into
this arts and crafts fair or something
so this is called the crab spear Oh
crest arts it goes
so it just keys drink - man my goodness
today is busy I don't know how this many
people know about this fair people write
more crafts this way yes don't know
about you guys but I don't think they
should be playing Christmas music yet
for me I like start Christmas music the
first day of December who do you think
Hey not yet
this is good perfect in a scene of The
Walking Dead
like you walk in here this music good no
one's own yeah creepy like speaking
Christmas apocalypse music
Oh popcorn nice
a lot of popcorn by the way this is
crazy they just turn the school into
some giant it's like this.what
everywhere it's Christmas stuff is this
a Christmas Fair holy crap in the gym -
will you marry me
some really cool pillows guys
is so cool touch my button buy me pizza
this is toilet paper
and Silver's so we just stepped outside
for a little bit because Andrew and Mary
are on their way and we're going to look
at the rest of the crafts with them
there's it's all all the crafts are in
this building and then there's a church
down the road that has a bunch of crafts
too so pretty crazy there are some
really random products here amen
oh hey guys they've made it this is for
Justin's gonna sleep if he's bad how bad
do you want that they have these
families for sale and she's working on
ours right now
hey it's finished the site's feeling
with Buford over Andrew mayor just came
over because mean Andrew didn't film an
ending for the newest prank we just
uploaded on Jason to studio and in the
meantime while we were uploading me and
Britney just bought this at American
Furniture Warehouse because we need some
extra storage space but the instructions
that it they didn't come with all the
instructions so I was kind of confused
and I didn't build it yet so they're
like oh we'll help you build it and so
now it's built Brittany's gonna be so
happy but when she comes home I'm just
gonna tell her that I did it then she'll
be really happy so we'll see how she
reacts we are at the pet store right now
because we're getting stuff for Cynthia
Cynthia the tarantula but we have some
big news about Cynthia she is no longer
going to be our pet she has a new
permanent home
at our old high school science
department we're gonna donate it donate
her it sure donate her Cynthia to the
science department so we're getting a
few supplies she needs like stuff to
walk on right yeah not that no it's not
and a little water dish guys so we got
the water bowl she's had water
I promise yes she's had water but can't
give away her water block and then this
bedding stuff for chewy yeah it says
transyl's on it so that should work gosh
it's getting in the wing how early the
Sun has been going down it's like barely
five o'clock and it's dark out the heck
anyways I'm here at Barnes & Noble
because I just want to look at some
books honestly I've never really been
into reading books like during high
school and made it read books I would
always just use sparknotes
but I feel like now adays I'm wanting to
read more because there's a lot of
knowledge in books I know that sounds
smart of me but it's true so let's see
if we can find any cool books I think
it's crazy how so many different
youtubers are making books all of a
sudden like seriously now a lot you
probably already know but we are
Christians and so lately I've been just
really wanted to get more into the word
and just read things that revolve around
that so this book looks pretty cool now
life is how would you finish that
sentence hmm this is a lair is a cd-rom
included on every page only koutou oh
this looks hilarious the onion oh my
gosh
guys I found Brittany where were you
ever think about your mom that's awesome
food books I know right look I want that
right now hey we'll accept that Doug so
could we make a waffle yeah I can office
now
thanks a lot buck huh it's so cool how
people get really creative with like
book titles like this has like raindrops
on it book covers oh yeah sorry
of course book titles yeah it feels like
raindrops and then there's a book over
here look at that I think I might get
this one it looks pretty cool so I just
got one book the one book I mentioned to
you guys but now we are all foods just
getting some snacks cuz we're gonna
watch a movie tonight what do you got
here what coin this brand is good but
they didn't have the one with my
favorite one which was the hickory
smoked cheddar hey guys Justin want me
to show you what we got there you go
you see it yep can you see it all that
plan just go so well oh you guys are
back home ah the vacuum I ran into it
what you got oh I know all my hard work
do that yeah I'm just such a good person
I told you we were gonna do that
together
how'd you figure out how did you have to
call her
I had Andrew and Mary's help Burton I
didn't yeah yeah when they were over
they were just like Oh have you used the
drill yet I'm like no like oh let's just
put it up real quick so I said okay and
then they're like they're like tell
Brittany it was just you or just so show
her reaction you're so mean that you
took all of their hard work no they
wanted to they came over to the center
with all of you that that's cuz it was a
joke oh so so thanks to Andrew and Mary
for helping out oh my good is that we
that's been sitting there for like a
week I know okay so now I can finally
show you um what we actually got so we
got some maple syrup agave and we got
some popcorn four to nine this one's my
favorite butter and sea salt and this is
for tomorrow because I'm gonna make some
pancakes you see then we also got ed
with the divide is I could edit the
visit up and then we also got pancake
mix so that should be good
I love chocolate chips so we're
splurging for breakfast isn't that just
like a great breakfast meal and we got
good ingredients
agave no high fructose corn syrup yeah
it's BPA free it bpa free and vegan
there you go oh we got movies too
yeah look at movies well I drove off I
dropped them so what Daisy's in on all
these really strong hey hey hey Justin
got the Duff oh my god what is this
called I have to admit like this okay
what is this called
that's z for Zachariah yeah tell him
about that well it's about like the
world pretty
ended and there's a girl and she thinks
she's like the only last girl on earth
and then there's a this other guy who's
you know who survived and then they find
each other and then whatever happens
happens ooh yes I am so happy about this
drawer I'm going to be organizing all of
this crap oh I'm so excited so that's
what we're doing tonight making popcorn
botching movies and chillaxing
goodbye my mom was up all night making
these cookies we're going to put these
in a different container and leave it a
couple crumbs at the bottom so good
where are the cookies man Justin died in
a really good
