hey guys welcome back to Fort mess yeah
Barney we have a special floor for you
guys today we have a special friend of
us here as well say hi Nick
hello it's so awesome as helper we're
building a Santa's workshop
box fort oh it's gonna be crazy we have
so much in store so let's go to the
store and get some boxes cries out okay
boxes we need the extra large ones and
we're gonna need a lot of them right
right is this extra large yeah all right
got all this I think we have enough
supplies for this video ready yes you
ready yes finally no Kevin no no we
bought one of those laser shows oh this
is so cool
imagine this inside a fort five guys
trying to divide a plan divide the plan
you know we're down on the basement
right now we have all this open space
over here as you guys can see we need a
main headquarters for Santa's workshop
this is gonna be the main HQ so what do
you think the extra part of Santa's
workshop should look like
we need a cookie cookie milk room cookie
milk room this is a square though so
we're gonna have a little tunnel right
here and then it'll lead this way to the
extra room of relaxation Wow
we're also gonna need a fire pit in the
relaxation room yep but I think the
entrance should be somewhere here yeah
I'll have a secret room so there needs
to be a secret room
okay we got this main Center up so we're
just taping all the pieces we've got a
tall here what are you doing Andrew it's
gonna be so good let me get out this
corner Peter's broken can you see in
here yep so I was putting tape on the
top to make sure the roof is stable
we're good
this roof reminds me of a snowy land
because it's the styrofoam the white
star no all right this is looking
amazing guys we got the tunnel over here
and so we're thinking we're gonna build
a smaller zone see how this is like the
main area so it's higher up we're gonna
build this area to be a secret lair but
one of my favorite parts about building
forts is like tunnels so we got to put
tunnels all over the place we're making
something yeah ready I'm behind your
body
whoa what we have a secret hatch secret
hatch back here look it's gonna be a
two-story hideout so are we gonna try
and lean this look at the tunnel system
we got going guys
what are you doing over here making a
secret room over here or something yeah
we can't tell you yet we have so many
different rooms we haven't even
explained we have stuff to decorate the
inside oh man you got the final touches
of the roof yeah okay guys I think we
have the structure complete where you
still have to do all the decorations but
let's go inside oh wow I'm going in okay
that's awesome
can I come in yep make sure to close the
door behind yourself any elves sneak in
okay good idea
hey hey there are so many cool features
you just saw two of them a secret window
secret door hello hey I know we got it
also what whoa I see a fun layer you can
climb on or go underneath yeah whoa
so you just came from there you go this
way
we're Nick one lots of twists and turns
that's what makes this for epic yes and
you're almost here imagine this with
decorations we still have a bunch of
work to do to our sign in here
look at that lamppost and there's one
thing we have to tell you guys about
this for one there's a button that you
cannot push you definitely don't want to
push it it's a Polar Express button that
sends you way way far away and the only
way you can come back is if you find the
return button now Nick that button right
next to you
do not push it see hey the Polar Express
Polar Express press no you don't push it
Nick no not again what did we just tell
him don't push it but he push it anyways
oh no great Nick all right boys leaders
are with you what do we do next though
there's nothing we can't even
communicate with him he's just gone he's
gonna have to find the button guys we're
gonna have to keep building potentially
find Nick and push the button ourselves
in order to go
find him no I will never push that
button did US aid Nick though yeah but
have you ever been to the Arctic yes I
have it's cold leave a comment right now
and let us know if we should push the
Polar Express button should we go find
Nick or let him suffer and try to get
back on his own shit both of us click it
and go see where it goes or just one of
us leave the comments it's risky it's
risky I don't know we got to finish this
fort though it's time to decorate yes we
got the lights we got snow where should
we start with the main center room let's
go we are installing d4 first lights
we got a few pairs so so beautiful in
here
this is my new home I think bring all
the supplies to the main Santa Alma I'm
trying to turn on our light post where's
the but we got it on except only elves
landing what is here oh man Cena's rush
shop is gonna be insane I'm so glad
Santa hired us to you know the interior
design his own right cuz we're pretty
professional at this anyway back to work
o Christmas tree o Christmas tree let's
set you up so quickly
the moment I've been waiting for we got
snow are you ready for that form of
cotton balls yes
that's gonna start snowing we're gonna
fill this whole room up with it you just
like this oh yeah oh it's so much snow
it's snowing in here this is so comfy
bed are you guys ready for the final
product this room yeah check this out
it's so cool I mean turn the tree on and
then Santa's workshop is done she has so
as you guys saw we also bought this
thing just plugged it in it is so cool
look what it looks like in here
whoa this is seriously the best
Christmas fort okay I think we mention
this to you guys but we're installing a
cookie room in Santa's workshop because
Santa loves cookies in milk and who else
doesn't love cookies in milk so look
what we did here we have the secret
cookie room we're on the outside of the
floor right now
you got a fireplace right here to bake
the cookies we just cut out a section so
we can just push the fireplace right in
there we go you so then we could cook
yes all right guys we have some cookies
here cookie dough we need to put in the
oven and start baking Santa and me love
cookies so quick to look the cookie
Vicki Wow ginger
the fireplace is good
perfect now put them in the oven all
right so we're gonna leave here I think
they need to be in for like 10 minutes
yep Oh perfect come back in ten minutes
guys
we're gonna give you the full exclusive
tour I'm gonna fun yeah it's so cool
yeah while the cookies bake so shut the
lights off is that from the cookies Oh
oops
yeah here you go in first
okay oh my goodness the cookies are on
fire what's going on in here we're
getting teleported through space and
time this is like Santa's security oh
man good thing is not activated these
trip wires warn Santa and the elves
security that someone's invading Santa's
workshop
we made it through here now get over
here shot with the coolest of the
security system I see it okay okay so
and now we got all lights leading to the
other tunnel over here yeah alright this
is the main HQ here so all the walls are
covered we got the porch press button do
not push that by the way that's a bad
spot for button yeah this is the coolest
HQ I ever seen no cookies yeah the
cookies are done Wow let me go check
hurry
I'm going oh yeah guys we didn't show
you Santa's workshop HQ is directly
connected to the kitchen with this
secret door for easy access for cookies
hey oh thank you dude this looks so good
yes
don't forget your eggnog oh thank you
should I eat all these cookies myself or
save some you should probably say
something for at least meat I'm coming
back now okay okay thanks bye bye let's
try these I love chocolate chip cookies
are so good it's even better it is from
Santa's workshop
oh yeah even his workshop we gotta go to
secret hurry all right close the door
smell good mrs. Claus it's Santa do it
you saw we do later I think we're like
stuck in here luckily he did yeah I love
this hideout zone oh he has a good idea
so you want me to mattify you oh geez
we get to the kitchen do we knock or
what we do
cookie Santa
no it's Matthew doing on what like I
heard that name on YouTube oh why are
you so skinny
yes what some eggnog with that here try
bite sure yeah without soy um maybe me
or no I don't know I don't think so I
think we're we're elf workers we're
trying to make sure the house is in
order was your employer
just too many questions I think we gotta
get out of here
yeah well that was exciting I didn't
know Santa was gonna show up or whatever
his name was a few we still don't know
where Nick is so let us know leave a
like if we should go back and press the
Polar Express button cuz I don't know
how else to find him I don't know that's
I think that's the only way so guys let
us know like the vid thanks for watching
for comment see you back here Merry
Christmas
and Fortman good bye
