hey guys welcome to the first ever NFL
more Jace to show yes we're here at the
real-life Aaron site and I know we don't
normally upload on Sundays but this is
your special feature for Sunday football
what we're gonna do is we're gonna go
over a couple of news stories we're
gonna do some game predictions and then
some fantasy hints tips and Patti's so
be prepared but we each pick two news
stories so you who wants to go first
I'll go first all right what's your
what's your exciting news again my
exciting news was that Teddy Bridgewater
was cleared to play from his concussion
which is very important it's good to see
him back he's cleared here's my news
story Big Ben
he hurt his foot last week and I said he
was gonna be out play 2 to 4 weeks right
I think that's what they said oh and the
reports worried he's been practicing all
week and he's not gonna start he's out
there practicing all week and now he's
not gonna start she's a total Sky Big
Ben you just need to sit down get better
and then you can come back and play when
they say you're gonna be out in four
weeks you don't practice all week that
doesn't make any sense does his foot
really hurt if his foot hurt that bad
word they're gonna say he's out tuna for
weeks
why is he practicing all week doesn't
make any sense
my other news story is that Gary Kubiak
says that Vernon Davis will definitely
play more oh could be that's very good
it's very good for all Broncos fans he's
so good this is epic do you think he'll
get his first touchdown it's very
possible impossible it could happen it
could happen he's not one of my 3
fantasy players but good we got Josh
McCown for the Browns is out with a rib
injury so that means money Manziel is
gonna make another start there we go and
this time I think will be better for him
because last week they were playing the
Bengals and it was a Thursday night game
I got creamed so you didn't really have
much time to practice with the first
team guys so this week you know he's
getting all the wraps all the stuff and
the Steelers aren't as good as the
Bengals so could be good for him yes
looking forward to this we got a game
prediction game predictions I got the
three here you don't you don't know what
the games are yet here's their first
game we got Miami at Philadelphia who is
gonna win Miami Miami yep
Lamar Miller Jarvis Landry Ryan
Tannehill have been playing great their
defense is pretty good that's true Miami
has had some good really good games and
some very crappy games that's true
that's the same for Philadelphia too
they've had some pretty good games and
some pretty crappy game tips I'm gonna
go with Miami to next game Minnesota at
Oakland Minnesota they're gonna get it
you think Adrian Peterson is gonna stomp
all over the defense of Oakland Megan oh
they're gonna whoop especially a teddy
bridgewater place which he's cleared to
play that's important that is very
important asoto is gonna get it with
Teddy in I'm have to go with the Raiders
on this one they're playing at Oakland
they're playing at Oakland err don't
forget at Minnesota no it's at Oakland
I'm gonna silver oh it's at Oakland come
on oops that oh don't forget Erin's at
Oakland doesn't matter
hey hey the Raiders have been playing
some pretty good football they're
actually getting kind of scary out there
so it's gonna be Oakland now what's the
other one
Arizona at Seattle this is gonna be a
defensive match up I presume hmm Arizona
at Seattle yep Seattle's rush defense
isn't that good this year
they haven't been that good in comes a
godson let me go Seattle they've been
playing some crappy games they always
blow it in the fourth quarter so they're
gonna actually turn around this game Wow
now Miss Johnson it's gonna kill now
let's move into the fantasy segment the
same way you all I've been waiting for
okay we have three players that we think
are gonna do well and then one sleeper
pick that you probably not thinking of
for your fantasy team
now yeah first up I'll go first drew
Brees at Washington Mall he's not
playing good washing their defense is
pretty good but Drew Brees has been
playing insane balls so true alright I
will go into my first player who is
LeGarrette Blount Dion Lewis was out
with the torn ACL he's officially the
starter and they're playing at New York
Giants not very good on defense so
llegar√° is gonna tear it up you could
probably throw in any Patriot offensive
player and they'll have a good game the
second fantasy we got the Allen sisters
for Jacksonville Allen Robson or Allen
Hurns I think Allen Hurns is actually
questionable for the game so go with
Robinson they're playing at Baltimore
not very good defense over there no not
at all and those two have been playing
insane good so my second one is Tyler
Eifert as always no explanation needed
he scored three touchdowns last week
he's gonna keep it up he's gonna kill
who they play play Houston Houston
especially Houston like seriously I
firts gonna destroy my third one is also
a tight in but it is Richard Rogers for
Green Bay they're playing Detroit
they're playing the in Green Bay and
he's actually had quite a few touchdowns
he's turning into Aaron Rodgers one of
his favorite targets in a red zone so he
could have a multi touchdown game my
last player is Justin Forsett playing
Jacksonville
he's really good in Jacksonville's
defense is not very good so okay he's
gonna kill it a hundred yards at least
oh oh and here's a sleeper pay that
you're not thinking about Travis
Benjamin hey is every you right down
yeah
here's a quick stat for you so he hasn't
had any touchdown since week three and
in week two he had two touchdowns in
over a hundred yards you know who was
starting at quarterback for that game
money Manziel who's starting at
quarterback today money Manziel Oh
Travis Benjamin ah sounds this year from
money Manziel so with him starting he's
gonna get it it's kind of curious he
hasn't had a single touchdown since then
final thoughts before we end the show
there's a final thought for you thoughts
Peyton Manning is just three yards away
from breaking the all-time passing
record I'm comfortable in genes that are
tough watch that game he'll be watching
history my final thoughts are that
Vernon Davis is going to kill it at
tight end he's gonna play a lot now that
he's been with the team for a couple
weeks he knows all the plays he's gonna
get it into it and he's gonna score a
touchdown predicting it Aaron says
anyways that's and of the show thanks
for watching hope you guys enjoyed it
and leave a like if you want to see some
more of these Sunday specials if you
guys give it enough likes maybe we'll do
it again next Sunday yeah is it like
give a like what Aaron's having fun give
it all having fun you know like and
we'll see you guys tomorrow good bye
Gary hey Aaron Clinic you Dean
it's right here this freaky stop
