chips ahoy Maties yeah hey guys welcome
back to vlogs and today is going to be a
super fun day with the unboxing sisters
Wow
now if you don't want your Kalin you
won't know what that is so we're gonna
go to the store you ready all so do any
of you guys own a pair of kangoo jumps
if you do are they fun we kind of want a
pair someday 42 days to do Christmas oh
we need that in our house Wow
stop put that down
you idiot those are dangerous pete's
sake stop darth vader you're being rude
now so you guys priority know what we're
doing today and why we're in Walmart
North Goods Wow
nerve but guess what they don't have the
gun we want yeah nerf it is really been
studying up
got a giant scope that's not even nerf
though that's air will be is oh come on
knock off no knock off nerf no is the
only way of life your nerve nerve nerve
we're on our way to target now because
wall crap didn't have the nerf gun yeah
what the heck come on this is the only
time I will go to Target to buy
something we're just not having much
luck are we I know they have it though I
seen it there alright also did you guys
know that on a youtube title you can
have prison a hundred characters yeah a
hundred characters so we're thinking
about doing a super long title in the
future so if you see that don't be
surprised
Schoop at Target oh this is actually how
powerful guys yeah I can't get out thank
you out just let me go I can tell it's a
good product it doesn't break one you
just oh I caught it if you can pick up
this block of gold oh wow that's
powerful what is in here though now
we're talking guys this they have a
whole but do they have the rival
blasters if they don't we're Oh Great
Scott out see them we just saw on the
other day not at this target but oh no
we found the refill packs and the bullet
and the math but for pete's sake it's
all sold out that's the only nursery
get back out of my van
never I'm taking over this sector
if your kid wants a Segway for Christmas
look no further
who knows how fast this goes she's
having so much fun spinning in a
complete circle look it you got it comes
with stickers no way
she's just spinning going Wow Wow Wow
dad this is the best present who wants
to see Andrew by this and ride it not me
so our last delivery was on 937 3000
miles like we haven't got we don't have
a truck come in right now so okay sorry
about that guys no that's good thanks
no are we gonna do we can't get this now
five dollars or under for a blu-ray they
have so many choices if you want to get
a Christmas present come here we have
some unfortunate news this week's
episode of the unboxing sisters has been
cancelled I'm not driving around town to
find a dadgum gun it's sold out
everywhere with no idea of when they're
gonna get more so just I don't know if
you guys want us to find it though
desperately use it for battle and let us
know
yeah leave a comment with the link of
which store it's had well we're back
home and if you guys didn't know Aaron
is a nerf gun addict and has a whole
nerf gun Arsenal in the garage so we're
gonna get some of them these relics out
review them for you guys and play with
them
can we set up a few four dozen target
yes before we get to the nerf gun uh
battle interest
oh yeah interview address something to
say um my mom was up all night making
these cookies as for Erin soccer banquet
tonight so if they you know disappeared
mom would be pretty pissed and she's not
home yet she should be home within
thirty minutes so we're going to put
these in a different container and leave
a couple crumbs at the bottom and she'll
be like we were the cookies Justin I am
well they're really good okay see what
happens yeah we'll see if she gets angry
if she knows it's a prank yeah I'll tell
Justin she might not get as angry
because jess is here so she doesn't want
to look like really mean in front of
friends or very angry but maybe maybe
she won't care because I've known you
guys for so long
possibly okay this five cookies sir one
be happy
hit tickle take a bite of this guy I
just had quality control right we got
all the guns locked and loaded fully
operational and we have our ammo box we
just want to go through some of these
old nerf guns this one first please hold
this is the long shot cs6 it comes with
the compatible sync whatever this does
tripod you can go like this if you're
out in the field with your friends they
won't see you the enemy's right so this
might be loaded already so you want to
sit here and go wow do that again so you
can only shoot as fast as you can reload
okay
come on Michael it's not yeah so what
rating would you give this gun to let's
just move on I can't hold this anymore
now we have this gun which is called the
mag strike all right the water is unique
because it's got a clip in the front of
the gun and in order to operate this you
have to pump it up so - si cap water gun
half nerf gun for some reasons yeah
basically you want to get in good pun
mom's home she is guys mom's home or
pausing we're pausing because we're
gonna do the cookie thing now
do you know what somebody's pulling my
leg right these cookies were over here
because I didn't want to put them on the
kitchen table what do you got yeah I am
we were just eating Andrews I think I
have one you guys are so mean
there are so dad took the rest of work I
just kind of got yet like trying to say
something but then she's a queen yes
back to blasters it's fully pumped and
it comes with as you can see here this
is curved so if you want to put it like
in your arm right here the blast radius
won't Kirchen now are we ready yeah fire
Wow
that oh good laughter this is a very
powerful shot but the only problem is
going to get one cliff and it goes by
pretty quick make sure your enemy is
very close this is the Vulcan ebf 25 Wow
again another semi auto machine gun a
cambiado it just doesn't have batteries
right now oh yeah campaign go and shoot
me again
wow that was powerful you get hurt Oh
each that's a sight looks like it's
upside down but it might you can't see
through the end this isn't this sight
well I don't know what that isn't this a
laser maybe it's a laser beacon issues
into your own eye what do you give this
rating oh this handles suck fell
five this is the Raider cs35 whatever
they get these names though like I don't
know but this one is loaded so I'll see
this one actually has a gigantic clip
compared to the other one I reviewed
previously try and hit Charles Charles
but look how many bolts I saw one oh
yeah very accurate weapon this gun has
outperformed itself
this gun is good very good doctor though
haha okay Durrett is frontal face kind
of hurts back of head doesn't well we
hope you have enjoyed today's nerve
reviews like we said earlier leave a
like if you guys want us to go get the
nerf rival gun it is way better than all
these guns combined it's actually very
fast and powerful us down are we gonna
get it when he goes out of the bathroom
Jared he's in the bathroom oh we're
gonna destroy him he's done with the
bathroom
yah team back man down
hey I knew it was coming so I know you
did it
sure I did how would you know that cuz
you said I didn't say on another note we
have just recently heard the news about
the Paris attacks and we just wanted to
send our prayers and thoughts to all
people who are affected over there it's
unfortunate that we have to have these
sort of events happen in our society and
that there are people such evil people
out there it's just sad
so yeah who would it figure out who did
this yeah so Justin went home and we're
at Aaron's soccer banquet now the season
ended
Flagg look at this cake
this is crime hey guys we got our
sandwiches absolutely salad bread beans
yes coach airing
usually we need one of the backwards
rocks back there and again you really
approve this one won the bidding skills
this year which which is basically the
success of soccer season's over
officially over I don't think we told
you guys but they lost the second round
of the playoffs
oh sorry they have they want to know
though made a really good job it's a
bummer of a loss but Wow
that a good season back home and it's
time for some dinner
homemade enchiladas with green chili
sauce some salsa I accept you just got
your nails done let's see oh I know I
like never have my nails done I'm like
so low means like so this is a big deal
no default yeah a lot of you may not
know but we don't have cable here cuz we
just usually watch YouTube or Hulu or
whatever so I've just been trying to
follow like what's been going on off the
Paris attacks on online so we've just
been watching that but as I said earlier
it's really sad that this stuff is
happening Brittany said Daisy when she
eats celery is kind of funny because she
doesn't know what to do with it parents
say go
is she gonna eat it oh no see ya utility
she like played with it last time
she's so conflicted about the flavor
she's what thaw she's like oh I'll chew
it right man maybe she'll let you at
this time laughs - she was like playing
with it and rolling with it well that's
the end of todays video thanks for
watching and if you guys didn't see Mary
and I hey Mary we uploaded our wedding
video so go check that out if you
haven't seen it yet and we'll see you
guys next time
somewhere all your friend here
