good morning guys it's about 6:00 am
right now and look at this what the it's
snowing
so I got all my snowboard gear in the
car it is 26 degrees outside
man I seem like that cold might be
colder where you guys are but this is
freezing it's the first time we've
gotten snow here in Colorado oh and I
guess I'm ready for it but it's time to
head over to Andrews and go snowboarding
let's go I'm a dangers house now and
look outside it's starting to come down
now oh yeah your car's still there
thankfully no one's stolen it oh holy
crap
oh we are ready to go we are here at the
chick-fil-a drive-thru because they say
they have free breakfast today we don't
know what it is it's a mystery but let's
find out
you guys have free breakfast today we're
getting everything every go with a
perfect HS mom alright give me a second
please
yes to make another pizza because I
forgot my snowboarding pass at the house
for some reason
sorry guys cold trip esteem No
while we've been on the rug me and drew
have been talking about some of the
people who have been buying houses out
here in the middle of nowhere we're very
confused or importantly not even the
houses just pure tents yeah like look
there's like a middle door we just see
people in tents out here like there to
buy the property and they're living in a
tent there's trees way over there
that'll be way more fun what are you
going to do in the middle no or wake up
every day Wow let's go walk around the
field of nothing Stefan some cow pies
cows don't even roam out here and so
boring we finally made it yeah huh so is
everyone else hot oh I caught it
you basically two bags of snacks as well
so I'm just saying we need to be filled
up for a you know snowboarding but we're
going to switch over to our all Andrews
old vlogging camera though uh wink for
Matt yes yes all done we're ready to go
because last time I squashed that camera
so yeah
in this camera he's old so if he gets
squashed no biggie here we are all
geared up
yes we it was great to be back guys we
got the new goggles these guys have you
got they're pretty epic ya like them
because they have the Colorado uh yeah
Logue outside and as they got mountains
it's just got these clothes here's our
boards
those are my gloves I'm gonna take a
sticker off of mine you know like such a
noob if you ever just bought stick on it
we're going up that way this line is not
acceptable we're up here this is the
first time you're bored being in snow
see how fast and powerful yeah this is
the Holy Grail that's open yeah they got
some more over that way but since it's
really in this season not much is open
but yeah the first malfunction this is
too tight I wouldn't even strap her on
my foot yeah they've had it on the
lowest setting
I'm not four I'm not a baby
making some snow
oh it's their first run I finally got
the hang of it at first I felt really
awkward but yikes I got better yeah the
first run of the season is always pretty
you know below average you quit booth
way out and hikes but let's go chocolate
chip bar and so glad you brought some
this year I had him in here yeah it's
okay I found one in my pocket here from
last season so granola bars should be
fine
letting our heads breathe a little bit
take our hats off sticker quit ring yeah
you tell me take a quick run it's one
Wow we got here at what I like 11 really
10:30 11:00 yeah here for a couple hours
at least and that's fun that one would
just came down as a black
I bet you didn't know we could do blacks
who did we do blacks all day this is a
nice break they don't have a lounge
sword but this this is basically like a
lounge the galley benches and fire
I'm just keeping some snacks highs are
we're gonna try some jumps now andrew is
going to try this
EPOC jump up here
this is my cool jump bro
holy Bobby what you it hi yeah dude Wow
yeah Wow Congrats guys
is dad gonna come flying off the jump
Rob I hope I see dad all on cutaway Bob
whoa way to go dad
okay this huh you have something to say
we will get better at jumps guys and
there's no really good jump here for us
to film
besides this little dinky ones off the
side yeah
Breckenridge we're at Keystone
Breckenridge has a lot of bedrooms yeah
this season is going to be all about
mastering jumps yeah yeah he prepared be
prepared for insane jump trace cannot go
goofy this is a good jump for the folks
at home here he comes
Oh what crap yeah okay
Andrew stand up the look is bleeding
holy crap my tooth hit my lip oh come on
tell you what that's the prices hey Stu
learn my truth hit my lip oh come on hey
you know what that's the price it takes
to learn point at it ah I'm sorry dude
 it does it hurt no well you sure
are making a mess they're getting pissed
for being in the way but you know what
that's alright here you take this let me
see it you did that oh I wanted to land
it bad though well look at the end next
year well guys were down at the bottom
all done
dangerous to go to the ER yeah just get
off that you're bleeding still I know
it's really annoying just keep holding
it on I think pressure may help okay I
am dr. guts okay just like snacking or
someone you know I was trying to do a
180 give it
oh yeah oh yeah I'm bleeding but you
should be alright don't you tell anybody
anything let's call the please call
someone satellites
oh there's Christmas lights it's awesome
it's not even December yet what's
happening I love it Oh
bye guys look here this morning I just
showed you is snowing now it's all gone
that's how weird Colorado is but it's
still cold I'm going inner human lib if
you have a lot of eeling to do to ice
heat bat medicine epson salts you can
show everyone the process if you want
well goodbye so right when I get home
there is a custom homemade dinner by the
way
yeah what is this beautiful system looks
like it it's like porridge very good it
smells good what is it it's just potato
soup anything for you BAE so I can't
remember the last time I've stepped foot
in the gym since I got sick and all it's
been really hard to work out obviously
when you're sick you don't want to work
and then afterwards I wasn't working out
because my white blood cells were low
and I was just taking precautions I
guess actually equipments like the worst
things yeah there's like a lot of germs
in the gym but we're back ready to work
it you ready for them games
yeah on Wednesday we wear pink no I
don't even get that shirt what is it
Mean Girls oh no it's all boys don't
know there are some well today was a
really fun day I'm glad snowboard season
is here we're probably gonna be going a
lot more and we didn't use GoPros this
time but I'm sure in our future trips we
will anyways the new prank is up if you
haven't seen yet I will leave a link in
the description so make sure to click it
or we hope you liked it if you already
saw it we're going to be uploading
another new prank this Saturday because
you guys have been going ham with the
likes so thank you and we hope you're
excited and I guess we'll see you
tomorrow thanks for watching
