good morning fam I hope you all are
having a great day today so far if not
hopefully this vlog will turn that frown
upside down anyways it is time to make
some breakfast it is 10:00 in the
morning so I think I want to cook
something really good this morning let
me figure it out and get back to you for
breakfast this morning we are making a
breakfast burritos we got some potatoes
onions green peppers bacon eggs and
green chili so this is going to be so
good we're warming up the tortillas
right now but yes yeah Oh breakfast was
fantastic guys if you guys have a car I
just want to shout out this black ice
this car freshener is the best car
freshener I've ever had it smells
seriously like Cologne you bros out
there I want a good smell for your car
get the black ice and seriously smells
like Cologne well we hear you CCS again
do you feel like people are going to
start recognizing since we come here
like everyone in the school and Austin
sweet
after a few more times going to this
school everybody we pranks can bake I
know what you're up to you freaks
guess what we're going to go to again
cu-boulder soon do some pray and we've
only been there once and it's a giant
campus even bigger than this one
yeah so that'll be epic I don't know
when we're going to do that but yeah I'm
not sure if we've told you guys what
prank we're doing but we're um your
party seen it but we're apologizing for
no reason to people and we're trying to
I guess since we're in the library it's
going to start with some people since
it's so quiet we're coming up and saying
hey I'm sorry about that
too big for what I'm sorry I just scared
you so
hey guys do you want to be in our vlog
vlog what's the long it's like us
videoing ourselves just like saying hey
alright thanks guys so we just got done
filming the library but what happened oh
that girl came up to you yeah she said
something and I just agreed with her in
the later on found it very confusing
she's like can you guys move on to the
quiet area at least I was like we have
searched as I think walked away I was
like please like move to the quieter we
didn't know if she was telling us or
anything oh well
anyways we are here in the dorms we're
going up the stairs because I don't know
it's fun prank in the dorms and it'll be
a funny club to have a dorm in there
here we enter dorms City there will be
no more cursing no okay
they were cursing now tell them to stop
they're bad so I'm about to get this
door but we've marked the door if you
guys place all that are other prank you
wrote on their door username this is how
we leave our mark there's anything
you're ready hey guys we're sorry so
just we're just terribly sorry well we
got a ton of funny clips guys we hope
you like the video but it is time for
lunch so I'm cooking some of our little
leftover chili that mean
some other signs yum be anywhere
uploading vlog right now actually yes
well as you guys know when Andrews
desperate he is desperate and I haven't
seen him this desperate since Donuts why
don't you tell him why this new game
came out which I played the last version
of this game non-stop on ps3 so I'm
desperate did you only - yeah now
fallout 4
I'm more excited about Battlefront
I never even played fallout so I don't
really know about the beam which one you
or you can get black ops 3 right the
games suck so bad ooh Nick said that
Nick doesn't even have a ps4 yeah I
don't know there's too many called
duties that are all the same there's
anything worse and worse now you can
what is this the rise of the Tomb Raider
is that game out what
if you get it the new Xbox you can comes
with it I think that is it only ah this
is out but it's only for Xbox is that
really the serious game sucks anyway I
don't want to play you can buy the
Survival Guide you
I really reads all these so big I know
this is like bigger than some textbooks
I wish I had an Xbox because I love halo
but I don't so sucks whatever I don't
get why these 360 videos are getting so
big like I really don't think they're
that because you have to control it it's
like annoying having to always like look
around and then it does this it doesn't
do what I want no whoa I want one of
these guys this is a big it's not that
much but at the same time indium is yeah
phantom I'd be pretty cool for movies
and pranks pranks just fly in front of
someone
if you add another be so bad all right
so we're trying to see if we can try out
these cameras so the memory card that's
in this we're gonna put in there and
we're gonna switch over to that camera
ready here we go Wow
how does it look folks this is the Canon
g9x
it's actually looking pretty good what
can I say it looks cute now let's do a
vlog style now so hey guys we're
vlogging with this new camera can't
really bring it anywhere though yeah
ain't cool here is beeps the g9 digital
it looks bad I guess yeah that's
actually a good deal from the quality
you're getting from this I mean you guys
can tell already
guys we switched over to the cool pics
l2 is a hundred bucks
it takes batteries their lens on here so
this is the quality insane should we get
this one yeah I think we should the new
plug is to show you what it looks like
on the outside so here it is here's the
new camera guys that's the camera we
just used uh batteries when you open it
up it's like the battery just fall out I
don't know why you buy this it's just I
can't even do it yeah honestly if you're
gonna pay a hundred bucks might as well
get like one of these which is like way
better yeah this was a was this the
camera will you both had yeah yeah this
is our first vlogging camera on the
channel that we both had it how many
bucks I mean this guy now we're gonna
try out this waterproof camera which is
actually pretty cool Andrew and Mary had
one but it broke yeah Mary has one it's
a blue this one's orange but hers is
blue but the screen broke on it so you
can't see what you're filming but it's
actually kind of like comparable to
GoPro yeah yeah like yes yours really
nice you can go underwater man we got to
get this instead of GoPro Canyon alright
those so yeah this is what this camera
looks like tell difference but we can go
in water in this cameras that's that's
close that's cool yeah what stop moving
around
a hundred feet in the water very good
now we're moving over to the DSLRs find
the most expensive
the holy man Bo 2020 300 okay but uh
somebody broke the lens this on auto
guys
oh there we go oh there's no way good
vlog with this thing here hold it hold
out your hand I'll focus it for you you
will like hold this come over here what
you want me to do pretend you're
vlogging I'll focus it on your face
are you feel me yeah hey guys look about
two vlogs show you like go in and out
yeah it's like that it's a 50 millimeter
lens so like insane close me is one of
these other lens
yeah like these cameras
we actually switch to the Canon because
this one
the Nikon the lens just said error and I
wouldn't turn on so how's this one I
don't know but it's $1,800 now we have
to try blogging on that
alright here hold this yeah this one's
probably better I think fun for Louie
uses a DSLR Singh is heavy
vlogging with this around with plus you
have to have like those big odds but it
is very nice quality I love this that we
we had this because you missed oh hello
guess while you're filming whoa dude
that's on auto focus and we're filming
Oh that'd be so nice for pranks and
stuff best buys now has prank things a
prank video game box the ps4 thumb
Russell extreme birdwatcher for there's
a pink stream chores can you get your
chores done in time what that's a good
gift for three bucks
Skylanders lunchbox yes oh yes
guys guess how much this 55 inch TV is
huh it's like the price is right $3.99 I
never heard of this brand so it might be
crappy but still 55 inch TV for that
much oh they have a cool new hub in here
what's this
what the heck I don't know what this is
but things feel like I'm at home I wish
this was the are my movie room I wish I
can make a movie like this maybe one day
we'll be able to make a movie room like
this will do
I think this freak comes down you see
here the ceiling oh how do we activate
what did you do if open wolf now scream
down and Kazaam maybe it's clap
activated the moment has come for the
unboxing sisters yeah today then tenant
in it then a this is what you get right
when you open it wow what is that a
season pass if you want to buy this doom
what I know that was coming out that's
gonna be skewed a poster some sort of
map here different insane whoa okay
that's pretty cool a Survival Guide
they lied it's not it's instructions oh
man and then of course one of the most
important features is it a nice crisis
mmm so
there you go unboxing fallout 4 for you
folks
so hater doesn't want the poster so I'm
giving it to Aaron when he comes to bed
he has a special surprise waiting for
him it's on
please stand by installing 5% oh come on
with the installs 6% we're going find a
bear all day what is that this is my
first digital camera I really wanted it
when I was little because it had a USB
port but we filmed some things on that
way from lots of things on this but it
takes tape oh and there's some very rare
footage on here which I'm gonna get off
this camera so we can put on vlog for
you guys
farewell boy you're in for a treat
because we are very awkward back and
very young Aaron's home Aaron's home
Aaron's home Andrew now it's time for
hoverboard dunks over board sports hover
sports go go go go get it get it son
come on man wild oh wow mr. clumsy I
didn't try now yeah with the hoverboard
it's called hover sports now let's see
your skills this is gonna be funny you
can only do basic dunks on hoverboard
it's sucks
oh wow man you terrible yeah who you
pick nice save Thanks
what are you about to do the backwards
oh wow so cool dude man this vlog is
going viral
wow it worked
I scored Aaron oh yeah right daddy's son
oh so we're going on snowboarding
tomorrow either like if you think Aaron
should skip school
Aaron skip school and come with us oh
he'll get a bad grade
you can't Aaron save AP classes on
canvas oh come on smarty pants oh hi man
Aaron's a good student that's sucked
yeah we're going snowboarding tomorrow
it's our first time going this season so
it's gonna be nuts how many days hey
open they open like this weekend this
previous weekend yeah it's been two days
since failed so we're going on like a
fourth day and it's supposed to be
really snowy tomorrow so vlog just got I
like to go pro I have a GoPro yeah at
least I still have the three but yeah
shut the fork just there for me Oh
swag don't fall now though I'm here with
Brittany and we're out here in Black
Forest
we're actually Fox Run park because
we're doing a video for Brittany's
channel I'm shooting it
she's got some creative juices flowing
out here I'll finish with the shoe I
don't even know what you were filming
laughing looks like you have mustard all
over your face
yeah I'm just look at my hands I look
like I just like doused my hands in
mustard
can I have to go over to your video just
your channel everyone's got to go over
to Brittany's channel if you want to see
what what she filmed I don't even know
if something even knew she has a YouTube
channel but you have to check it out
link in the description but I didn't
even tell him to say that you guys so
thank you oh yeah but no I just make a
really creative kind of stuff and I'm
still trying to find my identity an
energy I don't need a denied you know
what I do you know so but yeah check it
out guys you'll you'll be confused you
guys want to see what type of messages
me and inter sent yeah yep yes second
yes oh yes you don't I love the voice
messages yeah so I don't know if you
guys do dorky texts with your friends
but that's what we do what are we doing
now bad again oh no but we have a good
reason chick-fil-a is life
we're using our free it cards we got
free chick flick hearts free free food
you're gonna ask why I'm
like an old lady yeah granny what's up
she was running in her bare feet out in
the woods and stepped on a stick or
something and then Justin poured
peroxide and he wondered why I was like
screaming cuz it hurt free chick-fil-a
free chick-fil-a doesn't just spread my
text messages in like the best narrative
wave hug I can read you and your mom's
text message that's not well our food
just came and this young lady came up
and said hey what's your name
Isabel how long you been watching a long
time well thanks for watching it was
nice meeting you yeah oh it quick
shout-out to the Watson family for
giving us this free chick-fil-a meal we
really appreciate it guys
Brittany's desperate
so before the night ends just wanted to
look for some snowboarding gloves
because I don't have snowboarding gloves
yet and you can't go snowboarding
without gloves or else you'll get
frostbitten and it'll just be miserable
so we're here at the mall just to see if
they have any pairs since me and Andrew
going tomorrow I want to be prepared the
store just opened up in the mall is all
Colorado gear think that's so cool
though they have so much cool like
shirts and hats Colorado represent man
they have some interesting gloves like
what that looks like a alien hand the
Abbi oh oh no I don't really like the
gloves that you don't have fingers what
do you guys prefer we have back home and
I found an epic pair of gloves take a
look 686 these guys are gonna keep me
warm well I'm just looking over some
comments on yeah today's vlog my
goodness you guys left a lot of comments
I've been trying to read through them
400 comments yikes if you haven't seen
yesterday's vlog we talked about the
Starbucks red cups controversy that's
going around and some of you guys love
some pretty funny comments I must say
and some of you getting in arguments
that's not necessary guys we need to all
just calm down about the Starbucks deal
we were just doing a parody of it that's
all we're doing and this comment made me
laugh
PS you are idiots oh boy there's no
comment there Marcy I'm sorry you think
we are idiots but yes we are idiots
actually we have done a several pranks
of us being idiots but anywho no other
comments thank you for leaving all of
the comments I'm going to go reply to a
few and yeah anyways probably should get
editing
because I'm leaving in the morning where
me and Andrea leaving in the morning at
like 6:00 to go snowboarding so that's
really exciting but I got to get this
vlog up and Andrews editing the prank
right now because as you know we upload
on Wednesdays so since we're going to be
gone tomorrow we have to upload
tomorrow's Wednesday so I'm gonna head
it and I guess we'll see you guys
tomorrow have a good night
hmm
