hey guys it's very green outside got to
support the team yeah we have green
light we have green light bulbs because
it's veterans support or something like
that our neighbor has one too he was a
veteran he was in the military there's a
green light being light there's also
green light over there green lights are
popping up and Aaron and I are going to
Starbucks because they have these really
offensive new cups Aaron's not heard of
these cups yet right no I have no idea
we were talking about
they are super offensive so we're gonna
show Aaron and get his thoughts on this
we're at Starbucks we're going to try
one of these new flavors are you down
yeah which one do you want I'm gonna try
this praline one sounds kind of good I'm
ready
can I get a tall peppermint mocha and a
tall chestnut praline okay that's not
brilliant thank you
all right guys we have the Starbucks cup
Erin are you prepared to be a very
offended I don't know what's happening
so I have something is to pull up as
well here's your cup take a look at it
and let me know your thoughts it's a red
right that's about it
but aren't you offended why well it's
red what's wrong with red here is last
year's holiday cup as you can see it's
got some deer and some trees you see the
difference this is full babies it has
the the deer and a tree on it
are you like really pissed that they
deleted those things not that mad but
I'm disappointed do you want do you want
to like revolt no but it's just red
though there's no other extra distances
yeah so you want to be pissed at
Starbucks oh really
what you're not pissed why would I be
pissed is this like a big controversy
going on this is all huge this is big
news I think some cups even said to Mary
Christmas at one point but they're just
red this year so aren't you pissed
see this is the red cup it's pretty
offensive what good yeah so your overall
piss rating from 1 to 10 would be about
a four your four pencil pissed yeah I
mean how you know it's just a red cup
which is kind of bland
there's no reason like why can't they
add a couple snowflakes and stuff true
it's just bland this year so I know I'm
probably at a five pissed five pissed
five pissed they made things more simple
and that's a no-no but that isn't it's
insulting because they think that we
don't know what deer or trees look like
so might as well just take it off the
cup cause it might get confusing with
other creatures yeah I guess both go
home now yeah I'm trying to film oh I
think we're gonna go to the gym work out
but also Aaron and I were thinking about
starting up a little show on more Jase
to here uh-huh we were with our friend
Nick uh-huh and it would be like his
sports talk show hire them for football
yes you guys I think it'd be really fun
you'll love us for it
oh yeah I hope there's a lot of football
fans that watch our vlogs if you are
leave a comment down below because
really want to do like a talk show where
we talk about fantasy advice there's
news and the NFL just for a segment on
more js2 vlogs what do you guys think I
like it yeah do you I like it I like it
if you liked it leave a comment say yes
we want an NFL talk show it would be
really cool guys you're looking right
here
the first place fantasy team so if you
really want fantasy advise the new face
fo Buford knows a few tricks Buford has
these treats as well these are all
organic peanut butter flavors mmm it
smell good B foot different really wants
to show you some new tricks he's been
working on so all right let's see I'm on
Buford this is a new trick yeah yeah you
roll over roll over
no lay down roll over roll over good boy
oh good boy Buford crawl Bobby for the
crawl no crawl keep crawling keep
crawling Wow UX his trick beaver does
one last trick he wants to show us dance
give her dance get up here get up up yes
yes Hubert dance dance Buford yeah good
boy dances I show you guys an intense
warm-up before you workout
oh my goodness
all done working out it's a good workout
today there's some sup basic workout cuz
I haven't looked it in like three months
yeah but you have a good excuse because
you're doing soccer let me be safe
please things but the best Christmas
ever there's one of the perks of having
someone you know work at a health club
or a gym
oh my bars oh yes we can start our own
business yes okay so me and my wife here
just got done going to Starbucks we're
trying to have a nice date night weird
wanting to get some coffee to enjoy the
evening and we come across this hold it
we have these red cups I mean last year
a few if you ever bender at Starbucks
before they had designs on them and I
have recently heard in the news that you
know the Starbucks scandal has been
going around Starbucks doesn't like
Christmas I am like so upset at this
because I loved the designs like now
it's just boring and it's just a red cup
stop cranking I'm sorry it's just like
what is with this what is the reason
behind this red cup do you want to know
the main reason why I am just furious
right now let me just show you see this
cut
do you see any difference at all do you
know and what I am upset about is I
don't want to cry right now because like
look at that it's like the exact same
Cup take a look at that
what is this Starbucks are you
partnering up with Red Solo cups are you
guys trying to promote alcohol drinking
to teenagers across the road to people
drinking Starbucks across the world is
this what you guys are turning to I
can't even tell the difference like
seriously my husband freaking like loves
Starbucks so obviously he's a guy and he
doesn't clean his car and now I'm not
gonna be able to tell the difference
between his drinking cup and his coffee
cups well first of all I'm not drinking
and driving anyway I know you're parked
it doesn't there's no drinking in cars
that is never an issue if you guys are
drinking these red cups in public just
calm down
okay so if you guys are drinking these
cups if you go to Starbucks hey let me
get a frappe then tell whatever you want
again these cups are going to look like
Red Solo cups you're and it's gonna
remind so many people of your high
school parties of whatever that is why I
know I am never going to Starbucks on
Christmas again or just I might go
sometimes when they don't have red cups
this holiday is for Christmas you don't
just have a red and green cup you need
to have Christmas themes on it seriously
it's like oh I bet all the Christians in
America are pissed off because well they
are because that's articles that are
going dear sweet so that is just what we
wanted to talk to you guys about until
you are concerned so if you guys want to
go on strike we may be going on strike
and I don't know what the hashtags
should be but I banish everybody from
not going to
because if you really want to go to
Starbucks to support drinking alcohol
drinking beer that's what you're doing
if you're supporting Starbucks and going
to Starbucks and you're walking around
with this cup people are gonna think
that you're drinking alcohol that's
right let's be honest though this is
just a cup case ok it's just a cup
holding your drink see that's good
acting though well guys you couldn't
already tell me and Brittany were just
having fun and wanting to joke around
with the whole matter because I've been
on Facebook recently and so many
different people are posting like these
Starbucks videos like saying oh I put I
made Starbucks right Merry Christmas on
my cup let's go on strike I don't know
we were just having fun with it hope you
didn't take us seriously because I
posted this on my personal Facebook and
some people are like wow really
it took me seriously so yeah we're just
having fun guys anyways I don't know if
you guys have opinions on the Starbucks
cup but I think it's so dumb that this
is even an argument at all but thanks
for watching today's vlog me nature are
going snowboarding this week so get
excited for some snowboarding vlogs and
that's all I have for you today goodbye
everyone
