good morning everyone good morning
everyone
guys we found a relic do you guys know
what this is we used it in a video very
long time ago this is a shot-caller and
I don't know what are we doing with this
teacher well I got a new idea don't do
the new idea or if we'll just do oh yeah
so but you're trying to figure out the
power level on this thing before we go
and testing it yeah how high is it are
you ready
no kids don't try this at home we're
professionals there's also a boost mode
on the side so I'll probably do boost
off let me know when you're ready
oh that's not bad at all yeah you okay
yeah I trim boost up do this it shocks
you you try you can see the power of the
force I hate this Hey well we have some
new ideas for pranks guys
Brett I UCCS about to try some al it's
Friday right now Oh think a lot of
students have school but we think there
will be some people in the library with
hope because we want to try these ideas
out all right we're just getting miked
up here and this print that we're trying
involves these we're gonna be putting
them on people's head and and then we're
also trying the alien sounds that we did
I know you guys are CC so funny hope
means you got some hilarious clips in
the library you guys will soon see
obviously we don't really vlog when
we're in the library because we're busy
filming alright so what we get Brendon
can't go wrong with beef jerky at any
any moment Fran love
next up with Bass Pro Shops but just
take a look folks I had to the sunsets
that you can't pass up here in Colorado
got a film of every chance you get me
buddy are imagining what the you got the
long jacket the artist is you guys ever
seen a GMO pinecone
come on these jackets are cool so we
should just get him one of these where
we at Brett what yeah we're here at Red
Robin this Brandon loves burgers this is
one of his favorite places so you know
they got new logos doesn't get a burger
yeah you guys made me we didn't thank
you got a Blue Ribbon burger looks good
now what'd you get
I got a croissant
got it right out mmm mom I worship my
mom she's right there cloud
please don't daddy day just wants to
play with you that's right chick-fil-a
now for the skate-a-thon
are you excited we're super excited
they said this is for their anniversary
right
what the poo this is further anniversary
of this store opening so they have a
skinny thong or do a fundraiser to raise
money to skate around the store these
big blob skates are hard to move in it's
like if you start leaning backwards it's
like yo we're getting a group pic look
at all the skaters are you guys excited
or what Wow what's funny is he'll he'll
probably be tired before anybody else
because he's actually kind of tiring it
works again joke's on you oh really what
if I want to work out your joke oh boy
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
the cow is out
guys we ran into some fans hey guys
what's your names
I'm Tim that's him Chris Chris thanks
for watching the videos whether they
been watched for if he wants to say yeah
I was acting out spy video or you guys
are spies microchip Oh short film oh did
you like it awesome and he can do some
cool skirts do that trick do it for the
vlog Wow how you do that I don't know
Tim's trying the hoverboard that's how
first-time users basically do it the
wobble masters we're lining up it's
about go time get ready we're going so
fast
take a chicken sandwich guys what the
stores closed guys fine I love that they
have music here and they say good music
too no are we lost
let's go guys hi do you guys have any
sandwiches go take the Big Mac I wish we
could order imagine if we can order
while we're skating around yeah and that
would be such a good idea Kimmy I wanna
do the drive - OH
next year yeah we're gonna go tell the
owners the owners are here yeah
nighttime hoverboarding first time Oh
true
these lights are coming in handy so cold
out here though my feet are that's resin
wow I am so warm like honestly they're
probably very warm litters my shoes are
not cute cow
Shrek I can do what I can stand on one
foot
can't really tell whoa drive
that's the only time you're ever allowed
to play our hoverboard in a store
especially chicken filet so we're doing
our best
I think like the top 10 fundraisers
people who get the most money get free
chick-fil-a for a year but that prize is
like every hour as well there's no way I
can stay in the whole eight hours my
feet are already freezing and yeah it
goes so sick so just see how long you
last
I need to take my jacket off because I
am burning up in here visually one of
the rules for this like little
fundraiser event is you can't stop
skating the whole time each hour you
only get a five-minute break
well we are taking a break because we're
not staying the whole time we're not
participating the full fundraiser we're
out here to support this and film it but
one of you guys did donate because I
posted a picture on Instagram so whoever
donated the person sponsoring this what
they do is I don't they help kids who
have parents that are like died in the
military so it's really good really good
water but more importantly what cocoa
give me a cup of that now so good
we're getting ready to do the costume
contest
there's some pretty good costumes out
here I think we got Elvis great rager
come by
yes please
Thanks it's 1:00 a.m. and then just cook
chicken nuggets for everybody oh we
stepped past it's the best it's the best
all right it's going on probably 130 now
and we're gonna call it a night
my feet are starting to kind of hurt
from skating had those roller blades on
for Poli three hours that's pretty fun
event they got going on we got so many
coupons for free snacks what'd you say
we have like over 20 31 so we have 20
free items selling our meals oh this is
a good event so glad we were able to
come well me and Brittany are back home
and it's midnight
we couldn't skate for too long it was
just so cold but it was fun and just
quick shout out to the chick-fil-a at
Garden of the Gods
that is the best chick-fil-a in town and
I just want to say thanks to them for
letting us know about this event and
having us out there to skate it was
really fun but it's time for bed for us
goodnight go real fast
faster
