good morning guys how's it going the
weather here is just not up to par well
I mean again I guess on camera it looks
okay but it's literally Pilate in the
30s right now it's supposed to snow and
rain today I mean I guess I'm okay with
that because the only reason I am really
wanting to snow this year is to do
snowboarding otherwise if it's snowing
that I cold weather isn't always the
best in my opinion anyways I'm just
walking Daisy right now we're just
having a good old time oh and before we
start the vlog the one-dimension if any
of you guys follow us on social media me
and Brittany Instagram Twitter we posted
recently the other day actually Brandon
got into a car accident if you don't
know who Brandon is it's a Britney's
brother and we were all worried but I
did want him from you that he is okay he
just got some bumps and bruises luckily
it was nothing tragic I just wanted to
update you guys and let you know what
was going on what happened obviously
didn't vlog any of it but did we'll just
let you know so he's doing good alrighty
I am here with Andrew now what are we
doing today these yeah that's actually a
BMX track but yeah we wanted to try and
ride on the BMX track see how fun it is
you excited
let's go see if this is very writable ha
ha ha
Tata Tata Tata Tata Pikes Peak BMX track
she elated nerd Thank You binky but see
if I can ride on a dirt probably not
yeah ha ha this is epic you guys want to
see the BMX park it's pretty epic
dang why we came here before did some
upgrades there's like cement now and
it's actually very writable now you have
to start on the ramp this is gonna be
terrible to start up here hovers on your
marks go alright let's give it a go I
can't I can't come on you use your hop
going back down you have to go faster
you can't it's so hard no yes
no you didn't even try I will
oh no what happened did it break no I
think it would be a cool idea to have a
hoverboard racetrack well oh this is a
steep hill I don't know but we can only
get better by trying glad we're trying
the smaller Hills first which should be
no problem
whoa
I did it give it your best shot
good good work now this is near
impossible to go up it's straight yep
you got the what do you call this they
curve
now we're going to mean and you're just
going to rate over there to here get
back here
ever ouch dangers just going to try and
complete the bumpville
is a good job
what did you just say that this part was
this is the drift art I'd like to see
you drift on that know why these things
have to be Paul the time if you go too
fast or if like they're unbalanced
they'll beat please stop please stop a
wall operator justice about to go real
fast
go real fast
faster
check out the scenery guys it's epic
today it's supposed to snow though it's
so cool I wonder if we can do snow
hoverboard adventure well guys we are
done with hoverboards and we're trying
to figure out some other things to do
for your blog we are here at the beef
jerky
outlet store why well this is the
headquarters for hot and spicy sauces
and you know we love doing challenges so
we wanted to see if they have any new
fun products for us to try for a
challenge starting to snow by the way
there's no way you'll be able to see
this in camera and we'll think you can
kind of see it it's the desert uh beef
jerky outlet ha wait four hours no open
yes sir
what
sir farts a lot the heck do you fart
what's in this vinegar jalapeno Chili's
okay this is the ultra spicy zone locked
up but somebody bought the plutonium
which is the hottest one ever for some
reason the source gosh this looks like
torture here
we just try to sample this it's a
Carolina Reaper beef jerky we are use
your mouth okay it was precise
yassuh spicy beef jerky I've had but
nothing you can not handle guys we got
something but this challenge is going to
take a few months to prepare it's insane
we got the grow-your-own hey this is a
ghost kill that plant need to plant it
and it grows and then peppers come out
so we're gonna have our own homemade
ghost peppers which that's going to be
very bad because it's fresh non-gmo
hottest you can get it Oh taking a quick
break from hang in with Andrew and
filming vlog stuff and gonna make some
lunch me and Brittany are gonna have
some buffalo chicken laps that sounds
delicious right now hey guys yeah so
I've got the chicken cook in use all
these beautiful ingredients we're gonna
be having some of this cheese which is
pretty dang good smoky Chipotle cheddar
jack cheese in the tortillas which we
got some garden spinach herb tortillas
avocado hi I'm just ready holy crap it
looks good yeah got some avocado rice
beans were chicken lettuce ah yeah what
is happening you guys ever seen signs
movie no why I don't know because this
is from science what is that exactly
well it's a communication this part
isn't from science but this is a
communication device see the our alien
friends oh so you're trying to
communicate right in in the movie signs
this is an anti communication device but
they're wrong
yes you you're going to make one too oh
okay
okay so we really are doing this because
we're thinking of really dumb pointless
ideas pranks that we want to do so yeah
you guys know our worst prank ideas
series is basically like that except
these are just our ideas and they're
really dumb by the way I want it so
we're testing this one out for you guys
at vlogs to see if you want to vote yes
or no if this should be done in the
library basically we're just acting like
aliens best way to explain it right yeah
what what was the title we thought of oh
yeah aliens have landed or the aliens
have arrived yes these have arrived
we just make weird alien sounds by
people in the library behind them just
go behind imma be okay oh yeah yeah we
yeah it's so dumb like I don't know if
you got any of you have the same sense
of humor as we do but it's really goofy
and random so we'll do some examples for
you okay with it whoa oh you're making a
Lulla
what concert car
yeah see you guys very very random do
you want us to upload a video of us
doing that behind people in the library
here on this channel now it's time for
the unboxing sisters doo doo doo ah yes
now how long is just going to take to
build to build this is five to seven
weeks Oh
open it up now I'm here it what the heck
is not I don't know
there's the water draining from the
bottom yet no yikes ah now we have to
put our masterpiece in the Sun there you
go little guy alright and this gets the
Morning Sun all away up until about 11
noon ish so we'll see you in a few
months okay
what a crap oh my I'm going home
don't blame it on me you freak so since
its fall a lot of you might not have a
lot of colorful leaves like Colorado
does so we wanted to just show you the
area around where we live the colorful
leaves and the cool paths on our over
boards we have to make our way around
the intersection to get to the colorful
trees oh my gosh it's starting to snow
I
you
yeah
we have our first jump sometimes you
encounter obstacles alright guys so we
just made a giant pile of leaves and
we're gonna ride through it
are you ready alright
gigas no prob hey so he just just made a
bigger pile and and she's gonna go
through it go
those in front like they'd be wondering
how that's happening looks like a scary
prank but no to Holly thank yous for
next week I know we have a perfectly
clear path man that was epic all right
let's try to hide under another fail
who knew leaves in hoverboard to be so
much fun
well we're back and my board is wanting
some attention this one why is it loose
is the question we're wondering so we
have to get into the hatch and take a
look
well we unscrewed everything I bet you
guys have always wondered what it looks
like in here let's take a look well
circuit board of doom is this what
weighs a thousand pounds yep
now to locate the mechanical issue with
the tie it Oh God Oh is a leaf fixed it
I don't know see well I think that metal
thing you see the metal thing in between
there but that might be loose
well great how do you do that I can't
figure out how to fix the tire I mean it
still works it's just like a little
wobbly for some reason so whatever I
guess see you later boss that was pretty
cool what we're gonna be doing
hoverboard basketball soon yeah so watch
out she's getting so big
but anyways thanks for watching today's
vlog folks we had so much fun with our
boards and as you can see you guys gave
our other video a ton of likes so looks
like we have to do a hoverboard in
fireworks video we're going to be doing
that so thanks guys for leaving all the
likes and comments also I want to go
over some comments up today this one it
made me happy to see I always need more
Jace to in my day
Nach Kinston we appreciate the support
and glad you come back and watch your
vlogs every day next I saw this comment
hey Justin answer do you guys even read
the comments on your YouTube videos yes
I literally try and read every comment
you guys post I may we may not reply to
every comment but we're always looking
at the comments to see what you guys say
what you recommend we do what you want
to see so don't worry we're always here
and it looks like you guys like the
longer vlogs I know some of you may not
enjoy the fan mail videos as much as the
vlogs because they are just us reading
letters but we really do enjoy opening
up the fan mail so I'm sorry if you guys
if some of you don't like those videos
but one day we will do an hour-long vlog
don't worry I've had that in mind for a
while so just stay tuned and we'll
figure it out anyways I guess we'll see
you tomorrow good bye
Oh
