happy Halloween everybody it's pretty
dark down here and this is where we put
Cynthia for now it's a bench because
we've been reading about tarantulas and
they like to be in the dark I told you
you're thirsty huh yeah we're actually
really bad parents I'm sorry Cynthia
yeah but this is a Rose hair tarantula
and we're gonna go outside and try to
find like a log or something to put in
there
serginho this will fit we found this
little one right no she deserves better
keep searching in the backyard now
that's perfect Wow oh there's also like
this bark yeah they keep you cut it in
half you think this alright we'll do
that one I'm sorry there you go no you
can't come out go back in your house
that's a perfect log this is the
scariest pet I've ever had it starting
to make some yummy snacks I saw this
video you saw too right uh yeah hi Karen
where did you see it yeah it was a
facebook video but anyways you take
three ingredients you've got so you got
the brownie mix chocolate chip cookie
dough and Oreos and you put the cookie
dough down on the pan first and then you
put Oreos and then the brownie mix on
top and it creates an insane good
brownie
step one complete step two complete I'm
a mixing looking fresh something like
this I think the brownies are ready I
don't think they're brownies I don't
know what they're I'm calling it there
you guys go they'll take about 30
minutes to bake and then we'll pull it
out see what we got
I'm always seeing like these cool
cooking projects on Facebook and stuff I
was just thinking like we need to think
of one Mary I get a brand new one we
don't we just gotta use our brains mom
having a quick snack spicy avocado
hummus it's actually really good it's
really cheap yeah you got this it was
like five bucks for this whole tub yeah
five or six dollars that whole tub
that's a good deal toothpick test oh
yeah not even close
we're letting the brownies cool so right
now we're raking up some leaves you ever
watch out we're gonna make some graves
right here I think here's one tombstone
oh there's a a worm on it there's
another one let's go put these up right
there that should work to back Kevin's
not here we could bury his car and
leaves again
alright well are you gonna do the honors
alright go view pretty go the leaves
we finished the graves I got this guy a
foot sticking out of this one
not bad you can see the middle with Oreo
didn't they give it the first test
earned mm-hmm good that's good
time to carve pumpkins have a couple
hours you're down to crunch time it's
like a sponge you guys ever seen a
pumpkin carving knife like this
not sure what dad actually uses this for
but boy oh boy does it carve pumpkins
are you doing a pretty good job
yeah it's are looking up designs I'm
gonna go with that guy clean down
all done misuse Oh sake hey guys
when I got driving over to Mary's house
now to go trick-or-treating with Isaac
okay nice Jedi outfit thank you
show off more in a couple minutes kinda
hard in the car but
you got the brownies pictures got my
helmet
all right here's our costumes here Jedi
and we got a you walk caution for Isaac
- got some mummy dogs some cider
sir just get ready to go back to my
house I mean ran into these guys
apparently they watch the videos and are
subscribed yeah happy Halloween guys
thanks for watching we got a you watched
and we got baby you walk
it's about 9 o'clock all done
trick-or-treating I need some candy now
maybe watch a scary movie she kind of
tired we walked around quite a few
houses but Isaac he bitch we kept all
his candy this is all we got so that's
all we need really well that's the end
of the vlog I hope you guys had a happy
Halloween and the Broncos won last night
so we're very happy over here but we're
actually filming today thank God very
good yes that we didn't prank this week
or last week I am you know we have done
that years probably I can t remember the
last time I can't remember the last time
we didn't upload on Wednesday but
there's just annoying because it's like
as soon as Justin's healthy he's like no
I'm not kind of sick I just got this
sign is cold oh you know like right here
and say dripping down it's like please
go away but it's not that bad so wolf
film I'm gonna have to take a sick day
Justin oh man I'm a prankster look the
print the plants pray for me stop trying
to break mom's plants
it's like slobbered mania really funny
Oh Buford you idiot sit good boy slim
blond you don't judge me well that's it
see ya
oh yeah what's happening man
