back to port miss okay we should
probably be a little quieter because
we're in the store right now what's
happening building a fort what's
happening building a big fort so what
we're gonna be doing is we're gonna make
a fort get in there and then we're gonna
sing some Christmas carols to strangers
but this time we got a little twist Nick
and I brought some walkie-talkies we
want to sing Christmas carols dad the
whole book that oh there's a option back
here we can move this box and go back
there so with our walkie-talkies we're
thinking like we hide in the fort they
put the walkie-talkie somewhere else off
in the distance we can sing and then
they'll be confused at where the voice
is coming from here's a spot good look
back here lots of space look at this one
let's keep walking so Nick had the
strangest idea let's show you what he
had they have tons of boxes so if we
stack them up we can put these on top
and make a talk
keep in mind we're doing this like in
the middle of a mile or something it's
so busy what if we move this over here
to complete the fortune it lifts it up
guys
guys check this out it's almost done
jeepers who did that yes dice is 4 it
looks awesome so far I would you move
I'm sorry there we go yeah we all can
fit in there no problem no problem but
we're gonna come back to this four it's
already built I'm gonna check out the
other one it's you everything you do you
guys thought this was a wall no this
whole thing can move there's a huge zone
back here see it yes I guess you can go
in
yeah where should we put this
walkie-talkie maybe like over here like
not by us right there is it up full
blast
yes handy-dandy leighton oh my eyes
alright I got the walkie-talkie alright
now you gotta wait for someone to walk
by and then what are we gonna sing first
first I'm gonna do a quick test okay
test hello you hear it way over there
the bowels of this house will fall oh
excuse me excuse me sir we need to move
the walkie-talkie closer to the action
and I'm gonna go out there and see what
it sounds like this clear right now go
go let's go go go okay say something
this is the intersection that everyone
keeps coming to so maybe like right here
so we have we have a spike in going
right now with Nick's phone I'm like get
over it uh but it's working so our
integer is resetting it up so we can
film hopefully these people don't take
the walkie-talkie
happy birthday sir Frosty the Snowman
has a very big big head we wish you a
Merry Christmas we wish you a Merry
Christmas we wish you a Merry Christmas
and a Happy New Year to you in the green
jacket in the Bop deck the halls with
NASA at all by he did it bother you huh
really
ok that was epic guys now we're gonna
check back in the other fort maybe try
and fit some chairs in got some
comfortable soft chairs yeah you got a
pillow
ok open up the Twain enter Thomas yes to
this like we're in a train too
I know cuz I'm in the back here in the
middle and Andrews gonna be the driver
whoa wait where are we
wait where's Nick why are you here Oh
how did you get here where are we
uh-oh I think Nick may have pressed the
Polar Express button what does that do
I don't know but all I know is we're not
in the same place anymore
where's Nick we were just in the Train
maybe he got teleported somewhere else
yeah where are we can we teleport
I think so what do we do I think we have
to sing Christmas carols to activate the
teleporter even in the storm yes we have
to any song any song it might be a
specific I don't know just start singing
something okay
Frosty the Snowman where are we doing
this Nick there you go I am sick of this
train stop hitting that button sorry yes
no more Polar Express okay now I don't
know this hardware store this is a
present decoration this must be seen his
workshop is all since we're here I guess
we'll expand a little bit yes so it's
kind of crammed do we need a building a
presence who's there Oh
who's that Santa be very coin oh you're
not getting any presents you okay
there's so much dust though it's the
workshop clearing space is this why I
don't have to climb up it is I don't
know it's possible sorry
no go okay doing a little expanding
right now still don't know where we are
we're trying to make a little home do to
live here forever
maybe secure it there's so many elves oh
it is to ride in a one oh we don't want
to teleport again help with that pull my
leg back out this is the worst workshop
ever we have to make a way out fellas
a secret hatch okay you though trying to
I can't I thought you said you could
could try something's here Christmas
carols we wish you a Merry Christmas we
wish you
hey there no he left
stupidest
she from James Bond unlikely Wow I was a
close call
Wow know the thing elves are very you
know suspicious
yeah okay I think we need a bust out of
here guys yeah we gotta be sneaky we
need to get back home all right
yeah it's clear on this side as well
okay how many elves are working what
it's almost Christmas
I made it out successfully searching
it's clear didn't catch it
bells didn't catch us yeah oh good we're
back in the car guys we successfully
escaped the elves good job team Oh
anyways we'll see you back here tomorrow
for another formas episode and don't
forget to subscribe so you don't miss
things and leave a like you're super
happy that fortress is finally here
amore Christmas
