what's up everybody I have a special
announcement my Halloween costume just
came in the mail yes so I'm gonna open
that up in just a second but first I'm
gonna show you guys the weather today
it's kind of chilly out it's like just
barely above 40 degrees yeah
it's windy it's cold no thanks such a
big box I mean look how much room there
is in here sound of here all right
oh yes even comes with a helmet welcome
back to another episode of the unboxing
sisters I have this today
I'm gonna try it on as soon as I can
open this container it's got two
convenient pieces that you have to
assemble somehow alright so there's
there's the helmet okay we're gonna put
the lenses in I'm a fighter pilot so
that's the helmet I'm going to try to
put this on now
now I need someone to button me up but
this is just a test so it's okay get to
the x-wing so funny oh man this is a
good outfit I like it I like it
alright so as you know this week we
weren't able to upload a prank video to
j stu studios because i was out of town
and see no Justin was sick he still has
six that's that's sad but I've been
trying to think of a video I could do so
we get something uploaded I have never
ever pranked Mary before and she is at
school she's usually at school until
like 5:30 on Friday so it gives me the
perfect amount of time to set up a
little scare surprise for her I'm at the
mall now cuz I need to get a little
supplies I wanted to do a simple jump
scare basically just something to freak
her out like a second I'm gonna tell her
not to get anything to eat on her way
home from school because I'm gonna make
dinner and I'll already be there when
she gets home
and she'll be like oh okay cool and when
she shows up I'll have the dinner on the
table and I'll have a like plate covers
or pot and pan covers over it just to
you know keep it warm and chill sit down
and we'll say all right so let's uh
let's eat and she'll open it up and for
dinner will be a live snake not like
cooked up or anything just Hittle just
be there either a snake or a tarantula I
don't know which one I get yet met the
pet store here so yeah that should I'm
pretty sure that would scare me like I
am scared to death of snakes so if
someone did that to me I opened it up
and there's a snake there like a real
snake not one of those fake look and
rubber snakes but a real snake
Pat city and our Yanks
there's a snake okay I got it it's a
real-life tarantula you stay there now
that I've got the tarantula I gotta pick
up mics and stuff and Justin I got the
camera I was getting scared watching the
pet store lady put the tarantula in the
box so I don't know how I'm gonna put
this on the plate I'm gonna have like
gloves and everything I know it's good
bye bye everyone
I'll be back fully running and ready
soon I hope you went to the doctor today
right yeah they just took some more
blood and I just got a can't really go
out in public gotta just like wait it
out cuz my check to see if I have white
blood cells are still low hey I want to
get back to pranking and vlogging well
you look much better thanks yeah I
almost feel fully better we'll get there
don't worry Thanks well bye bye I'm
scared to open this thing I don't know
where it is yeah here's the plates of
food that I'm gonna put this is gonna be
hers I'm gonna put the tranche low under
there and cover it up and just say the
food is staying warm I think this will
work
she won't be suspicious I don't think
plus I've never pranked her before so
she's not gonna be looking for cameras
or really anything to be honest she'll
just be happy that I made food I'm a
trans
the tranche Allah to the dinner plate
it's okay come on out yeah
you're not my favorite pet right now
here he comes
Mary's home from school guys Hey look I
made you a meal really yeah I was trying
that's why I was asking when you're
gonna be it's just is that you
water
Hey
oh my gosh you freaking joking what you
don't like it no come on I didn't really
work so I guess this will just be for
your vlog for the vlog folks at home
using this home now who wants him yes
this somebody want the pranking spider
her name Cynthia what are we gonna do
with Cynthia Cynthia eats crickets Aaron
got a new pet named Cynthia oh that was
a fail Mary just did not do anything
over here with Isaac because we're going
where are we going why are you dressed
like Buzz Lightyear are we going to the
zoo
Halloween we're going to boo at the zoo
are we at the Zeile yeah do you want to
go yeah did you take a little nappy oh
yes you did you just got up from a nap
huh yeah we're here let's get our
tickets everyone's dressed up go inside
to see the giraffes whoa he's really
tall huh
it's being wowed they got the baby lions
so this is basically like going to the
zoo lights during Christmas except you
get lots of candy this time he's walking
hey fellas oh he's happy look at the
city it's looking so pretty
that's it for the zoo we were saying for
next year we might try to come earlier
in the day so it's lighter out so we can
film more and take pictures
but yeah
I think we got a lot of candy right oh
yeah oh my goodness
we still have all trick-or-treating to
do tomorrow I am so excited for candy I
think he all this tonight yep
me too all the chocolate I'm trying to
do
all right back home I just want to tell
you guys I'm still kind of bummed that
we weren't able to scare Mary I spent
all day working on this prank video and
you weren't scared but this is just a
lesson for us since this is the first
time I've ever really tried to prank
Mary we're gonna have to work harder for
the next time we will get you why don't
you worry we still have pumpkins to
carve tomorrow morning sis tomorrow's
Halloween got a carve these things it's
morning now and we just got up it's like
almost 60 yeah thanks for watching
today's vlog sorry we couldn't get
married better with the tarantula yeah
today's Halloween so we got some fun
stuff planned some trick-or-treating
some pumpkin carving snacks yeah Oh see
you guys next time
like crazy crap
