good morning everybody surprise surprise
I'm in LA right now Wow here for a few
days but first often it's kind of sad
because Justin was supposed to come with
but he is home sick very sick so he
couldn't come so it's kind of sad but
staying with Billy Blanks it's gonna be
epic got some meetings and stuff so yeah
can I try
let's go say hi
i rep Billie's house now you guys
remember we did a house to were here
last time a hangout with Elijah right
now also we have cheez-its
I haven't says it's a very good snack
hmm yeah what time is it by the way like
five o'clock so I think we're just
chilling the rest night right sure
basically but yeah not really much going
on today but tomorrow is gonna be insane
I brought a whole bag of these on the
airplane boy oh boy was a good flight
mmm
hi guy you know this isn't the usual
kind of like hello you'd never really
see me too much but Justin is not
feeling very good so I decided to take
matters into my own hands and vlogs a
little bit for you um he is bus's heart
he is supposed to leave for California
tomorrow and he last night he just
wasn't feeling very good so we got went
to Whole Foods I think he actually yeah
we've logged that step process here you
know what we got but um I got some
Gatorade this morning and he's been
drinking like tons and tons of this
water so but yeah I got him a little
denominator and it hasn't been like too
bad but his temperature husband like
like at most I think 101 and and it just
keeps going like down and then back up
and then down so his body is definitely
fighting something and what's really
weird is two other people have like the
same kind of illness that were in Hawaii
with us that are like that live in
different states so super weird
so does praying hope he's gonna be okay
and just so you know I told Brittany to
vlog she's just not vlogging me without
consent I said you should vlog this cuz
it'll be good for you know
and back on I guess but why don't you
take my temperature right now let's see
what it is yeah I would never ever try
and like film him without his consent
because sometimes I get like this
whenever I'm sick I'm like don't film me
I don't want to be looked at cuz I look
sick you know you mean it looks like I'm
here we go alright oh it's 102 oh great
it went up I think the what is it it's
over 103 is bad
alright your mom said like 104 yeah and
it's the the thing I've like so many
shivers in my body like I feel like I'm
so like I'm just like outside standing
in the freezing snow but I'm so warm
under here
that's what making my temperature go up
but I can't I'm just too cold like I
don't know what to do oh I know it's
like that part where you I just feel so
bad cuz I can't really help you with
like the shivers I mean the best you can
yeah you right though you can't do much
about it it's just the way it is it's so
weird I hate normally I get sick so I'm
not like used to you know taking care of
someone else's mo I'm always sec you
guys so and this guy's never said he's a
rock yeah sucks cuz he I want to go to
California tomorrow
we got meetings with agents set up and
we'll just see how I feel in the morning
I guess yeah I feel really really bad so
I just it's so weird how other people
are saying it had to have been something
and why I don't know there's no way but
we'll check back later cousin
we're in the urgent care and you know
what Justin says if I don't pull up the
camera he's like this would be a really
good thumbnail so as a good life I'm
just saying I'm just following orders
guy who got my back I've got your back
no it's like 11:00 p.m. and we're just
blessed heart we were asleep and well he
was not really asleep and he woke me up
and he was like hey I'm burning up you
know you use it they were just having
shivers right oh all of the above my
head still really hurts and I'm freezing
that I'm really hot so she's like bring
up like if you guys could feel his chest
on his forehead it is like insane
I've never is so hot in the natural
stone Oh your natural sauna
bless your heart but you look you're
mashing lovely like the stripes you have
on today is a magic I told him that you
looked really cute because you had this
huge jacket on because it is cold this
since he's sick it's even you know worse
and then he had like this like honey on
and oh look like the cutest little
winter Eskimo I'm trying to make you
feel better yeah yeah he's supposed to
fly out at 5:00
which I don't think is gonna be happy
it seems like this continues yeah so
that's lower deal right now folks it's
like the worst being sick away from home
and if something like if it is even
worsens and yes go to the ER and Cali I
would feel terrible you know so I know
mama Stewart would not like that either
you me a girl stuck you stay home but in
other news look how awesome these shoes
are right
so Justin just got done giving his blood
drawn I didn't even know they were a
dog's blood at all but the doctor is
like looking into like Kona which is
where we were at in Hawaii and he's just
researching which kind of like little
scary um but I know it's gonna be
totally fine I didn't film it but Justin
got tag team by two lovely ladies charm
no doubt a blood yeah I was like pretty
good size so they're gonna run some
tests and yeah do you need some more
water
yeah they said bull leaving that gets me
some fluids yeah
poor thing I know he's already like not
feeling good and they take like two huge
tubes like it's not like a tiny tube it
was like can you just say that one more
time this is making my arm very cold no
you said it was really cool no I said
this is making my arm very cold no
you're like this is so cool oh yeah this
is really cool it is I just like to hear
that you're having like somewhat of a
interesting time good point and it's
shooting this she said like saltwater
yeah and
I can feel it like running through my
veins it's kind of cool it's kind of
cold them yeah it's like a little drop
drop her up there
that is cool of itself yeah yeah just
look old
yeah she I she gave us the remote serene
or some TV and wait till the running
like those two tubes of blood it just in
just gave so I'm excited to Hewitt those
are yeah the work idea manage yet was
merely the big part ship didn't last too
long like the role of Denise's boyfriend
on The Cosby Show it's nice to have the
work idea manage yep was literally the
big part ship didn't last too long like
the role of Denise's boyfriend on The
Cosby Show it's nice to meet you
oh yes I got spicy your armpit no it
tastes like something very natural
