there's no awesome all right about
culture
guys we're back home when we picked up
Daisy but she's tired yeah we didn't
vote much of the trip because we
literally were flying all day
Brittany they lost her back but they're
bringing it to our house tomorrow
thankfully but it's so nice to be back
home I can't wait to get in our home and
go to bed cuz we're tired you tired
laughing so is Daisy she's like really
tired
what is Oh guys welcome back to vlogs
I've made it back time for the rain and
the cold there's no bad
what is it 40 degrees outside yeah it
was raining pretty bad this morning but
I actually see blue sky so this is nice
oh it's 46 degrees out it's gonna be 42
or actually it's gonna be 60s the rest
of the week that's not bad but I should
probably get a jacket yeah it's cold
look wife I'm trying to drive straight
here as you can see it's a red light I
can't go anywhere do you know what a red
light means woman what did you just say
to me husband you are getting lunch
Ahmad pizza
Justin hasn't tried it yet so we're
gonna go try it it just opened yeah
before you guys get mad it's been over a
week since I had it so I'm not just some
chubby American
we get to sign this sticker and put it
on the wall what is this for little kids
trying to jump to the very top people
holding on shoulder here's my sticker so
if you guys find it
did that nice try again all right go for
it
oh holy that looks delicious
Oh
Wow wow that looks great
thank you thanks for the pizza
all right King Soopers now we have this
really dumb idea we wanted to try launch
you tell him what it is yeah sometimes
we have prank a prank ideas we don't
know how they'll be so we just go and
see how people react and then like look
at them was that you sir why are you
making those sounds
I don't know we're weird we do stuff
like that it's just an idea that popped
in our brain
so there you guys go it's kind of hard
but this camera since it's not the prank
camera there's no microphone on us but
yeah we already got we didn't get kicked
out but the guy told on us so did you
not just say ouch yeah he's just like
you guys probably shouldn't be doing
this to strangers right because it could
be dangerous some people are kind of
kooky out there I cert we know what is
dangerous about them guess what we're at
Walmart this is such a good movie though
just came out all right so we have an
idea for vlog today
this focus pumpkin spice because you
know this time of year all these
products come out pumpkin spice this
pumpkin spice that that's how pumpkin
spice Twinkies there's just everywhere
so we're gonna make our own styles and
this isn't bad all it is a cinnamon
ginger nutmeg and allspice whatever that
is but we got to figure out what we want
to put fight our own creations that
haven't been done yet
pumpkin spice toasted oats pumpkin spice
Steph Curry do you this is what I'm
talking about
pumpkin spice mini dog nuts people go
ham with this pumpkin spice stuff
right now we're watching an old vlog of
us going to the haunted house in Denver
with Kevin because we want to go to more
haunted houses this year we found a few
that are very scary yeah so this is
gonna be awesome
close look came the 4k camera we have
has a night vision so we might be able
to film in one if they let us all right
so we got all the products here we got a
funky name it's got some cheese sticks
some chips
club soda milk and some meat what should
we start with
sure hey whoa yeah give me a pour
Wow we don't know how much to put in the
drinks because no one's ever really done
this as what thought no word why is it
doing that to me enough pumpkin spice
club soda that's weird
I kind of just tastes like hell mean it
tastes like super watered down crappy
cider yeah not something I probably
enjoy
you went order this at Starbucks like
introducing new pumpkin spice club soda
next up we've got pumpkin spice cheese
sticks just get a nice coating on it
alright
oh wow that's good cheese pumpkin spice
delish this is a new product from
Walmart Oh
Oh disgusting lay Lay's chips with his
potato chips she was like an Asian
sheperson
ha natural freaky some weird Thai
chicken this could actually be like semi
good if it was properly made yep let's
try another bite you for some reason
that you wanted to do honey ham with
this it'll be good no pumpkin spice meat
oh dude this is nasty
it's weird how some items taste okay and
then like this uh-huh
get this out my mouth good grief
next up milk milk should be half good I
can't wait to try my new pumpkin spice
milk you can sip it I did this is
plausible
this tastes more like Starbucks than
anything I've had today it means more
sweetness this is just bitter here have
a cheese stick yeah this is probably
doable for a lot of folks yeah not bad
cereal time so we're just using our
unused milk and then this is like a
topper you know yeah there's some spices
on top let's give it a try
who's honking out there are you trying
to eat my cereal it's fine you try it
tastes very foreign again on anything it
makes it taste like Asian - this is very
good cutting by me I can tell you're a
chef let's see if pumpkin spice will
make a jalapeno better oh yes I got
spicy your armpit yeah it tastes like
something very natural oh whoa oh hey
fellas what you're gonna go home and
take a nap no I am kind of tired though
don't know why
yeah it's been just cold yeah this one
it's just it's the weather guys don't
don't be mad it's time to go play some
video games oh well I'm back home guys
and it's really funny cuz right when I
got home I crashed in our bed and just
pretty much fell asleep and Britney did
too and it was light out when we when I
was sleeping how do you feel so weird
like when you take naps yeah I just feel
weird like my body just feels like it's
aching right now I feel like I'm I'm
still like tired but it's like I feel
like I can't do anything I hopefully my
getting sick I don't feel like I'm sick
it's just me
yeah that's true
maybe exam so on Daisy how do you feel
Daisy flux you Davey it's good for the
first time she slept on our bed and
didn't and she Lynette didn't do
anything she didn't like dump often no
destroy digging everything in her path
you are so Gleek she was tired too she's
so shy right now at the camera but
probably gonna go get some thing to eat
right now
Brittany hasn't 8 I'm still like not
hungry I guess I know the way I feel
make it nice healthy meal but I just
don't like well I guess chick-fil-a is
always enough hey does anyone else do
this but the dressing room and mix-a-lot
I can't get sad cuz like all the
dressing is on the lid and like I love
live dressing but that should be good
but I just got a suit you're dealing
soup yeah
jadynn feel good is it good yeah okay I
love this one we are now at Whole Foods
because trying to find something that'll
be good for bodies
yeah we can we can get someone over here
because yeah I have no idea what to look
for how many choices so they recommended
these wish garden which I love it is
actually like healed me so fast but this
will just relax the muscles make it go
away and he said this is just that for a
long term if you have muscle pain like
if you take this every day it'll help it
you know go wait for good and it's
non-gmo so I'm sold
I also thought this was funny whole
group marshmallow
you
the only flight back home to Colorado is
canceled as you know we have to lay
overs what the first one was in Los
Angeles and that one's canceled so as
you can see there
