like I quit
nothing's our last day here in Hawaii we
fly out tonight and we're saying goodbye
to the tropical paradise
yeah we're cool let it dance right
hey good morning morning you ready for
breakfast I'm ready breakfast is never
fail to impress we got bananas
star free oh yes we just got done doing
it the Hawaiian challenge here look it's
quite disturbing how do you feel Keith
and Digger ate it I'm ready for that
spicy challenge though yeah we're doing
a spicy challenge too but we just hate
some disgusting thing my lips just fill
them up yeah wait like a whole lime oh
okay I was crying yeah you guys were
tearing from the taste of flavor we have
officially left the resort what bungalow
and we're here at South Kona fruit stand
just to get a quick snack because we're
going to get lunch we're all starving
but it's like 45 minutes away this is
really cool
seeing some of this fruit I've never
seen before I don't know what that is
Keith what is it what do you got here
yeah it's just a bunch of YUM this is
the vanilla pudding stuff this is a
fruit it looks like a peach but it
tastes like vanilla
people develop enemies it taste it taste
it
me and Brittany got some real-life dried
and mango yes
we've made it to a local market and
getting some good food here looks delish
yes I was desperate
how'd that happen I don't know so our
flights at 10:30 tonight
so we're chilling at a hotel before
check how nice this hotel is now this is
paradise yeah seriously I don't feel
like this is Hawaii right now I feel
like we're in Egypt are we in Egypt like
everything's kind of prearranged for you
yeah that little stream there you can
take the boat to your hotel room or the
restaurants they have a train like a
tramp
they've been institutionalized what he's
playing holy Heather going ham
this is quite the hotel
say I'm Batman mine look oh there's so
many hearts going on Justin I told you
they love you DJ so much love no it's
you what did I do
guys isn't DJ just so awesome oh just
look at it hey guys wait that's Paige so
guess what we're gonna be having dinner
tonight folks
holy crap
talk about the perfect place to eat
dinner am i right
alright somebody put the fire out that
man setting things on fire what were you
saying about the Dolphins so they're all
in here hanging out but if the Dolphins
really wanted to escape they could use
their powers and jump over that and then
jump over that cuz dolphins can jump
pretty high they don't want to escape in
they're happy with being there then
that's fun I'm just
how's the dolphin I wouldn't want to
escape
so for dinner we're at a Thai restaurant
and we're about to do a spicy Thai
challenge these folks so we're just
dishing it out right now you know we're
at this high restaurant we ordered the
spiciest thing on the menu and we're
gonna see who can eat it the fastest you
can't really judge determine the winner
hi there with
so it was the second place though in
second place was in second place
here's the challenge men but how is he
like normal right now sure you got this
we're gonna do this again I don't know I
don't think this was a fair guys need to
do
all right got some fat Tiger thank you
what'd you get same nice he just
finished we just did the challenge he
finished it what ten seconds five
seconds well guys we just found out our
adventure here is not over yet
the only flight back home to Colorado is
canceled as you know we have to lay
overs what the first one was in Los
Angeles and that one's canceled so as
you can see there's a big line there's
Britney waiting in line so right now
we're just trying to figure out what's
gonna be happening but one of the
attendants did mention to us that
they're gonna be accommodating our stay
food and travel to a nice hotel so I'll
let you guys know what's happening with
that it sounds pretty cool
I mean it's unfortunate we can't fly
back but
life's an adventure don't look at these
sort of things as you know upsetting
it's all just a journey in life you got
to enjoy it so I'm I'm excited
Brittany how do you feel the adventure
light just keeps on going
yeah it's like if I mean I can't
complain like we're saying in another
night at in Hawaii yeah we got a nice
hotel they accommodated our taxi which
we are waiting for right now twelve
dollars each at the restaurant there so
twenty four dollars for meals and a room
alright I'm sorry other ways yeah
there'll be more people coming off that
that gets through no no where is Simon
ball we've made it to our hotel holy
craps this is nice
it's pretty sweet
here's a room just your basic hotel room
I guess we're gonna gonna back us our
flights at 9 a.m. tomorrow and it's 11
p.m. right now so we got to get up early
but thanks for watching today's vlog and
we will see you guys too
