hey guys welcome back to more agio and
as you can see you probably clicked on
this video because you want to know more
about YouTube right yeah it's this new
thing coming out very soon October 28th
to be exact and today we just really
wanted to talk about our thoughts on
YouTube red tell you guys about it cuz
if you don't know and how it's going to
affect creators and just the general
public the main feature is add free
videos that's self-explanatory no more
ads if Oh first YouTube red you have to
pay for it it's $9.99 a month for
Android or $12.99 for iOS I think that's
really stupid first of all why would you
have to pay $13 cuz your money I don't
know why they did that but anyways so
you pay for a YouTube red and what do
you get one no ads on any videos ever
second thing they're providing is
background play what's that so I'm like
you guys I pull up music on YouTube
sometimes but you when you pull up music
if you close the app or whatever the
music stops playing so with YouTube red
if you do that it'll keep playing
it's like background music kind of
like Spotify er yeah close listen to any
video about seeing it so text comes up
you can close that I'm still here
quickly reply and get back to your video
without missing a beat the last feature
they are implementing into this is save
offline which I actually really like
that's really cool so like if you have a
YouTube video you want to launch on an
airplane or someplace that doesn't have
Wi-Fi or even service at all you can
download it on your phone and watch it
believe it I think that's like that
should that should have been on YouTube
oh wow of those I've always wanted to
watch videos like when I'm on car road
trips on the airplane but I never can
because you have to have service it eats
up your dad so if you just put if you
have the app you could download all
these videos and have no data taken away
whatever carrier yeah just download all
these videos when you're on the Wi-Fi
and then you should watch it later one
thing I thought was funny about this
YouTube bread thing is on the h√§rtel
here the youtubes read PDF file it says
so that's from YouTube knows yeah yeah
this is from YouTube introducing you to
bread giving users choice for years
YouTube fans have been telling us that
they want more choice when watching
their favorite content well we've
listened to that feedback you guys did
this I don't know who I don't know yeah
I don't know who in the earth what the
messaging YouTube saying guys I'm sick
of ads please I want to pay for no ads
that just doesn't make sense to you if
you have done that raise your hand I
know I wouldn't do that your hand down
you all do this would you do that no we
were talking about this earlier that ads
on YouTube is a lot like just watching
television and we're so used to just
watching TV and you know
those are commercial break and no one
gets pissed my god come on there's a
skip jeez I make sure it gets like
annoying what every but it's not like a
big deal I know some of them are you can
skip after three seconds it's like you
can't just have patience with me seconds
I mean I like that they're still gonna
keep ads but they're really wanting
everyone to download YouTube read pay
for this subscription they're kind of
wanting to be like a combination of like
Netflix and I like the way the title
this article you know says it says
YouTube red it's a premium YouTube so
it's like you got your basic YouTube
which is just the ads you just
everything's like usual then you got the
premium side which you pay for and other
cool feature they're doing is if you get
YouTube red they're having oh yeah our
original series that it's only going to
be on YouTube bread so if you don't have
that you can't watch it once with pudy
pie and he's doing a show with the
makers are the walking dead I like that
feature too because I mean I haven't I
have memberships to like Netflix and
Hulu and I like that they have like
Netflix original series like I think
it's a pretty cool aspect so I think
that will probably do well on YouTube if
you if like fans of mine for instance
they'll want to download it because they
want to see that but I don't not think
it's worth $10 a month just to have no
ads the only thing that I think isn't
worth is to save videos online what
we've been kind of discussing is how is
this going to affect YouTube creators
like us
and you guys out there for making videos
because a lot of people are wondering
well crap we're not going to be making
money on YouTube anymore because in
YouTube bread and people subscribe to
that and where the ads going no one's
watching ass we're making no money
yeah who knows but we've came to a
consensus about more of what goes on so
you guys won a visual aid or what yes I
do let's go to the whiteboard
handy-dandy
welcome to the YouTube board YouTube red
get it thanks okay for people watching
on the head we don't make youtube videos
here's how YouTube earnings work on
YouTube you have a CPM Andrew what is
that that's your cost per 1000 views
so let's say an ad gives you one dollar
CPM that's a $1 per thousand views TPM
15 people $1 CPM okay $1 CPM weird up
equals which equals 1000 views yes so if
you had a $1 CPM and got a thousand
views you would have $1 if you've got
two thousand views you would have $2 get
it get it up okay yeah and every
youtuber it's different depends on if
they're with a network what month it is
you have month changes but it could be
anything from zero to who knows seven
dollars now what is YouTube red light
YouTube red
they don't do CPMs on YouTube bread no
the new model is they will pay you based
on watch time so no more abuse no don't
matter what does that estimated
lunchtime okay let's just do an example
so here is YouTube bread yeah this is
all of the combined so every every
second on YouTube watch this is the big
pie here for rent which is what they'll
be doing
they're gonna be taking all the watch
time and say you though divide it up
between the creators and YouTube so
before they pay any youtuber YouTube's
going to take this part of the pot they
just always do that so then we got left
with this part of the pie and that time
is like we said the combined total of
estimated watch - of all the people on
YouTube hundred thousand this is easy
100,000 total minutes watched on YouTube
of everybody that's just for math right
now the first example let's say us we
only get say yeah say only a thousand of
that was from our channels you would
only get a little piece of the pie
that's for us yeah and then you got the
watch time
and that's from our channel so whatever
that math adds up to that's what we did
basically a way you can see right here
is if you all the biggest youtubers out
there are going to obviously get the
most money you have a small channel
you're doing this you'll only get like
very small portions of this big pie here
the more of minutes you have watched
like Smosh for example they're probably
ahead like some giant piece of
I gotta we haven't said this really
before this is not mandatory you do not
have to sign up for YouTube breath yeah
I like that
oh and you also if you sign up for
YouTube red you get one YouTube music
included they have Google Music Store
which already cost $9.99 a month so a PA
YouTube bread that comes included so I
guess if you're a fat no no we're kind
of curious as to what you guys think and
what do you think about would you brands
like you support it you want it I think
I think it's super guys stop calling as
I was saying I think it's a thing could
be a cool thing if it was just to get
rid of ads I don't think it's worth it
but since they're kinda adding different
stuff to it it might be something you
want I don't think a lot of people will
do it yeah I mean as creators I don't
really see much benefit in it just as of
now I guess we got to see what it's like
when it rolled out yeah I think it
depends on how many people actually
signed up for ya but I'm honestly
content with watching hats knowing
everybody is too
really see a problem with ads you can
skip some ads you can close them it's
not a big deal and is it worth $10 a
month you can use that $10 to go get a
nice dinner right here you guys let us
know in the comments yeah are you gonna
sign up for YouTube red yes or no let us
know your thoughts down below we'd love
to get some discussion going in the
comments so we will see you down there
and we'll see you over the blogs if
you're not subscribed make sure to
subscribe you upload every day leave a
comment bye everyone bye thanks for
watching
