good good morning
okay what's going on more Jays do fellow
members of the viewing audience of
nature good morning guys this morning
we're actually doing some yoga no we're
not okay
yeah have you ever done yoga before yeah
okay I've never done yoga before so this
is gonna be pretty cool I guess but they
were they weren't sure start moving
around start moving around like this
that's your fingers that is enter head
drop your head and they can get some
accuracy your arms reading so letting
the side of the rib cage open yoga going
I'm sorry I'm not
after a relaxing yoga breakfast together
nope
Samia jacker taking his hoverboard out
to the lava rocks to see if we can ride
it is this a good idea there's got to be
some flat spots somewhere this parts
pretty pretty flat honestly one of his
viewers left to comment and do this Oh
look careful
all its scratching
Oh
Wow you're actually doing it
oh it's sliding it's sliding it's
sliding
Oh
oh you're sorta did it yes
crap oh-oh-oh my words would be so
scratched I know
the wheels are just going crazy holy
crap the waves in the background looks
so awesome
it's quite legit sir we have written one
of these hi cool
Oh
so now the ladies are doing a photo
shoot for a British family she's doing
another video so that's what's happening
right here I do not fit it right now so
cool hey bro
duh no big that centipede is I guess
someone ran it over but my goodness no
thanks
smoothie time all right got the
strawberry banana you throw this try and
get it he said I'll catch it with this
mouth I think I told you but we are
going to be checking out a volcano today
we got a hike there I saw like flowing
down the side and it looks like Mars
you're excited we got like a two-hour
walk or something but I bought an
umbrella smart it's such a cool path
we have made it to the unknown planet of
doom follow the turds
they just me and like the pooh emojis
they just need the happy face on that it
just started raining him luckily you got
this rain jacket I know that's fresh but
I brought an umbrella so I'm so smart
well everyone else is getting soaked
nice Jack what did you do there
he killed the whole plane for the
president
smartest idea ever to bring umbrella
Thanks everyone else is running and
we're just taking a nice cruise be
apparently there's a cave over there so
that's what we're making our way to to
try and get dry sigh so we're stuck
under this rock we don't know where the
other path of the group would be cool
teeth would have the same it's just
started hailing and the Sun sets in 40
minutes and we're halfway through a
volcano crater that's about 800 yards
long level of the volcano crater in the
middle of volcano
yeah which I can't even see where we are
right now you guys hearing an umbrella
through this whole crater and we're
trying to export cameras and healing
right now but we don't want to go out
there because we'll be like go for the
lightning but I feel like we're in a
movie right now
seriously what's happening Jace's to US
production that's the way to get warm
yeah oh if you're cold and you're like
oh I have to pee bad so who's first
maybe this means what I don't want is go
do it
listen to that tonight nobody take my
Rock later what do you get
was what you found them they found a
cave well it's better in the place
that's fall Kaena over there lava
doesn't this look at epic on camera guys
seismic activity
all the lines if you stomp on the ground
it it moves it's pretty cool okay get it
read these are here boom boom boom boom
boom boom boom it should get like the
actual waves of the sound alright so the
boats going that way right from this
angle but then you come over here
and the boats go in that way what's the
tech hey how did they do that so cool
well after getting stuck in that storm
civilization time to eat a Thai
restaurant all right we got some what is
this again oh yeah
Thai basil with chicken and tum KY with
chicken time quiet well folks it's time
for beds been quite the long day
well thanks for hanging out with us huh
we only have like what one or two more
days here in Hawaii and then we fly back
home but I guess we'll see you tomorrow
go back
oh look at that rope someone tied
there's gonna be much swinging going on
here
