hey guys so as you know we are out here
on the road to Contiki adventure and we
are doing a contest within all the
youtubers that are here and basically
it's a contest where the winner gets to
go to Peru and you guys can help vote so
stay till the end of this vlog to hear
more details
oh good morning making some lunch but I
have to put a lot of cheese then like
pretty good lunch goodies fresh avocado
yeah yeah since we're not gonna be your
lunch we got to take mehek
lunches so apparently this morning the
Dolphins are out so we're going to go
try and swim with the dolphins which is
insane so pretty excited right now okay
and all the toppings for the oatmeal
high and the Bulls are over there we
have made it to the dolphin area
hopefully we'll see a dolphin today but
hey guys at Sydney that's a cool-looking
fella singing to the it's like David's
man
so this was one of the best beaches in
the entire area until Hurricane Iniki
came in and wiped it used to come all
hang out here so now it's really intense
rolling rocks so we're gonna switch over
to GoPro footage because obviously can't
bring this camera out are you guys ready
to see some dolphins yeah so exciting
we see him out there jumping DJ I found
a dolphin I know are you gonna swim with
it today
unless one with dolphins oh it is so
cool dude are you gonna swim with them
yeah hey mom tell you well are you guys
super excited Rick okay get ready hurry
got the GoPro ah our Google's really
good good I'll yeah no no
guys
I really messed up again so the GoPro
footage you just saw is not our GoPro
footage because I lost the GoPro I would
see sucks like I was so we were paddling
along we just got out we're looking for
dolphins swimming around then I was like
oh I see the Dolphins over there
everyone get back on your kayak so we
can go to the dolphin so I get on put
the GoPro on my lap and start pedaling
fast as I or start rowing fast because I
want to get to the Dolphins and get some
shots little did I know I wasn't paying
attention and the GoPro just fell off my
lap I guess and is in the ocean and we
spent time looking for it it just sucked
so bad because I literally just bought
this GoPro because I wanted to get cool
shots for you guys and this GoPro I
wanted to use them more adventures so
I'm just really bummed right now I wish
GoPro had like a tracking device on it
or something so you can find them but it
didn't so I'm really I'm just upset
so if any of you have lost GoPros I know
how you feel for anyways if any of you
have a GoPro 4 silver that you are not
using and want to send us we will accept
moving on at Caius because we're taking
a quick snack break let me show you what
we got
here we are
got fresh homemade kombucha a BLT vegan
gluten-free wrap a cookie and some other
desserts are you guys watching me vlog
what this is just a chocolate chip but
look look what's in here holy craps I
used to like which is gluten free and
vegan - it was like an Oreo oh good I
was born in Manhattan so Luba different
watch this
Wow what are you doing right here
play-doh play you having fun what
watch me dating that fit in and drive
and watch me watch me watch me
oh that is so cool
this is so weird weird bike oh this is
awkward
yeah hey guys
killing it yeah oh okay that's about it
besides try hey don't destroy the
beautiful home ground um this is name
you mention and way too much fun a bear
come on it was fake
the view is Redbook that's a big hand
yeah man this view this is so fabulous
how's the lawnmower isn't working
we'll just show up at your house and mow
your lawn
yeah and I'm on periscope right now guys
you can't see the comments really but oh
actually you can OMG put us in a vlog
okay boy eh can you get Danny Duncan to
say hi a on the vlog yes Danny people
want you to say hi a for the vlog boy eh
I think this bike is gone it doesn't go
anywhere there you go folks
dad this dad playing hide and seek
dad dad
what in the world
horses hey guys we're now making her way
to a private waterfall hey hey she
really wanted that this is a very
off-road weight pack all right sounds
like so far
this is an intense calf workout I love
it who knows how much further we got to
go though I bet no one knows about this
waterfall this is our son Mike intent
Pat's unknown Wow
I feel so magical right now look at this
perfect hill oh shoot there's mud does
that poop creep in poop I literally just
stepped in a cow pie darn you cows now
down the secret path
watch out for more poop like Cassius
chill I guess
she did it I'm sure we've been filming
like non-stop time from like if not one
camera than multiple cameras we're
climbing down this cliff to get to this
incredible waterfall I guess good we
made it down the hill
yeah we ready oh look at that rope
someone tied there's going to be much
swinging going on here is that the way
to go
nice oh my gosh first let us take a
selfie all along as we silver we've been
jumping for a little while now time to
get some lunch in our systems but I just
this is so cool
I feel happy why are you guys laughing
at me oh that's that's mod 2000 all the
guys have their cameras out all the guys
have the cameras calm down every
girlfriend bought that now that we're
all done with the flip jumping it's time
to head back and get some dinner and I I
have hopes of we having pizza for dinner
we've been eating really well please me
I made it to the top of the hill come on
gotta I found something guys machine
brownie boy yeah oh no well no I thought
we might work together it's one brownie
Thank You Ellen oh yeah yeah let's do
that for ages desperately there we'll
have much this rolling ball on the
ceiling game hey we made it into the
resort area now it's a pretty nice area
for being completely honest
but I was right we're at a pizza place
tropics I am so desperate
make a weird face right now like a weird
face mega-weird v make a Rufus hi mega
leaping like a weird
margarita girl oh my god oh it's my
cheek you guys we forgot to film an
ending again I am so sorry but before
you click away don't click away just yet
I have one more thing to say if you've
made it through the whole vlog I applaud
you thanks for watching us but we've
been mentioning the contest almost in
like every vlog but with that being said
they added a new feature to this contest
where you guys can vote for us as you
know we're out here with a bunch of
different youtubers and we're doing a
contest for you guys but we're also
doing a contest internally with all of
us to see who can get like the most
votes and to see whose fanbase is
basically the best and I know you guys
are so I just wanted to ask you guys for
your support and go vote for us
literally all you have to do is click
the link in the description here let me
go show you let me run up to my computer
you click the contest link in the
description and it will take you to this
page the road to contiki comm and you
scroll down here and you can enter the
contest to win the phone but also if you
click this one who should win wrote to
contiki click the +1 there's all these
people you click this one that's it
hey guys breaking news we have an update
to the campaign I like to share with you
entering the contest here you'll be able
to take all these actions to be able to
enter to win the phone but also all
these actions will also act as votes for
Jace to to head down to Peru so you can
also pick him and make the vote there
but as you follow on Twitter or
subscribe on YouTube or the Instagram or
any of these other actions here these
are all act as votes and some of these
you can do daily you can tweet you can
Instagram daily these all app to be vote
so you can personally contribute to 50
or maybe even 100 votes go make sure to
head over to Road to continue calm links
are in the description and let's send
Jace to to Peru anyways thanks for
watching and we will see you guys
tomorrow
good bye
are you doing
yikes
