hey guys welcome back to another formas
episode
hope you guys are excited because
tonight we got an epic video in store
another overnight challenge at the best
trampoline park we have ever seen in the
nation airborne airborne you see it oh
oh all right so usually on our overnight
videos it's just a neuro night but this
time we got some special guests I'm
Carter sure where the sheriff am hey
guys I love this trampoline park let's
go go
so currently guys it is actually
after-hours is about 1 a.m. here the
coolest thing about this trampoline park
is we have permission from the owners
that are going to let us do some
exploring and hanging out here here is
all their security cameras looks like
most of the trampoline park is dark
would you find andrew is the microphone
so the reason why this is like the
coolest trampoline park in the country
in my opinion it's not only do you got
an epically huge trampoline park but
look over here we got a mini golf course
and what is this over here
battle ball I have never heard of that
before for kids
kids whoa Carter's first time on a tramp
maybe it isn't for kids the kids don't
yeah get out of here has it just got on
my custom trampoline socks these are
cool oh my god it looks like they're
having a good time over there seriously
it's like the best part about community
trampoline parks when no one is here
because you get the whole place to
yourself where on earth are your
trampoline socks and quarter I know I
better strike together share the love
socks
Oh guys let's go to a trampoline park
hurry
we're gonna have to find a move okay now
I only got these snacks oh geez what
Paul wait
they have walkie-talkies guys
walkie-talkies inbound anyone hey babe
it it it's a turn it Oh change batteries
who's thirsty
oh yes sir Oh My yes oh yeah you can
have cookies cookies cream oh geez no
spelling this thing first person front
foot yes
fire
there's tons more to explore we found a
mini door let's see what this employs
evident only I don't think you should go
back there oh no way here's a cool
random ball oh yeah do they have like a
ball pit at one time yeah there's a lot
of it Wow hey wait wait wait for it
daddy's got him good guys I can
subscribe part of the trampoline area
we've been exploring the area back there
the future that you guys can't see it's
pitch black I also brought a sword all
perfect guys
over here you serious where does that go
if you guys are Daredevils come up here
I can't sliding how high are we you can
barely see it on camera that's how high
up it is near you to close your eyes and
fall into me close my eyes let me hold
your foe you promised a pencil dive well
I'm stuck in here now you guys go on
without me all right Stephen is just
about to conquer his fear of heights can
you do it though that's a good question
guys
Stephen Stephen Stephen
I got straight stuck I went straight to
the bottom
I did Stevens like legit stuck obstacle
course is a real obstacle course
somewhere else
yeah it's huge here all I can kind of
see this is an old banana very not yield
and you can go there two oranges and you
can do the splits watch it's like
next-level hard that it's dark in here
to you or nice maybe not Andrew we have
now reached the air ninja and you lead
the way where are we going upstairs
these stairs
must be this tall yes oh dude you gotta
start right here this is way higher up
than the other one whoa and you gotta
hang up where do you look Oh
have you guys seen the Spongebob movie
uh uh I mean I guess why what happened
you seen looking over the volume of the
depths you can't see anything just
remind me of
on the other side of this deep dark
dingy Jewish house reduce hazardous
there he goes that's a good start no
drop it now free
yeah well sir just swing to it oh yeah
that's a pretty steep job come on please
don't hit Carter make us fall over we're
all in the island waiting for Stephen
okay what's next the rock wall but it's
hard because who knows what those holds
are like what it looks there's no we're
going to do this good come on you have
to survive yeah
you just got to get to that top one the
top dude yeah go for it
Oh funny prank if I start shaking the
bar this is actually can he make it come
on
oh definitely got it yeah
full course complete the sheriff am are
back in the other foampit having some
fun what we do now we're starting on our
forge we're gonna make it out of the
foam block so we've got some supplies to
decorate it for Christmas this is gonna
be the perfect area for building the
fort
got all the foam make it huge little
four right here what we got to do is we
got to jump in there and kick as many
blocks out as we can all right got all
the pieces out it's rebuilding some
cool-looking walls add in the blue
bricks this wall we got the walls done
for the fort you go
zoink
here
the artist would be because they can see
out to the battlefield we have a little
surprise for the shares we have some
stockings and some presents I'm also
gonna be so cool once we turn off these
lights because we have Christmas lights
guys how do we got okay so we got our
Christmas blankets that these we're
gonna decorate the outside of the floor
with lights no here's the stockings
that's funny
presents so I fill in the stockings
right now I start decorating this got
the lights set up this is looking so fun
I'm hanging up the stockings now there
we go we haven't pulled it in yet but
look at what we've done wrapped it all
in Christmas lights
where are the shearers by the way we've
built this whole Court
yeah I hear him coming guys in rachet
guys turn the lights off before you come
up here trust us
Christmas fort come on in that's the
entrance right there you can hide out
here are you guys ready for a surprise
yeah yeah yeah somebody came and left
stocking presents whoa yeah what it is
for Stephen and Carter this is for Liz
this is for you what's inside this is so
cool Steve let's open this ready yeah we
grab something Alice okay ready yeah
what is this Christmas theme so lucky Oh
an empty cup a sippy cup with a straw
this is perfect beverage oh we all got
one except Stephen yeah wow this looks
so cool from a distance a little socks
recalled stocking Therese yeah their
sake they are so nice and warm okay
oh that looked like a cloud you just
landed on crashing right here and the
triple lien oh yeah nice yeah what time
is it guys it's 3:00 a.m. guys that is
so early yeah we should probably get to
bed I think I might sleep here oh yeah I
think we're gonna end the vlog here it's
been a crazy night and we are super
tired but before you go Andrew what's up
guys if you want to see something super
spooky head over to Stephen chairs
channel click it right here link will be
in the description as well guys we're in
the Utah area come to this airborne
location use the code overnight you get
20% guys any final words you guys have
to say I'm tired I'm going to bed
good night Carter yeah I'm pretty tired
too but I'm not going to bed up staying
up all night Liz oh she's asleep all
right guys Merry Christmas
