before the vlog begins I want to get
another shout out again because we
wouldn't be out here in Hawaii if it
weren't for opera max and after the
blogs over if you guys want to enter a
contest win an Android phone links in
description you can check it out also
download the app if you want to save
data okay simple as that there's no
tricks just download the app quickly
vintage ribbon check it out that's all
you have to do all right what just stop
it enjoy the block anyways it's time for
breakfast kumbaya circle
these are Tina and Lisa's pretty good
eggs sure these are the different we
have to get special well breakfast was
fantastic and we're getting acts ready
to go do some ocean cleanup
help the environment learn a few things
but first I got a here's our shower this
is the cool shower and got this shirt
here that I borrowed yesterday I'm gonna
probably use today because I got so
sunburned my back still hurts and I
don't want to go to the hospital because
of sunburn all right
black Wow
oh good okay boobies Shaq shave oh yeah
so movie Shack half what the beep what
who's ready to go clean up the beach
DJ wegun our bubble I can float on the
ocean will never let us know and I
before we get to fun activities we're
here the ocean view market here in
Hawaii I'm interested to see what kind
of school snacks they have here uh what
do you want to show him Brett bug bite
this can't be normal my gosh yeah
everything like stuff on it but it still
is just through you getting better I
keep getting a bit too I probably have
like a ton of my arm legs
so I got this drink for later it sounded
good sparkling no mean lemon-lime yerba
mate a Hawaiian honey yes
we got a little snack - which will show
you momentarily but I also want to try
this coconut bar
coconut bars cranberries beautiful
tropical smoothie for you drop this
movie for me
what are you doing
make it nice show us how it's done Wow
okay
good job this come on
definitely great you all pesto cream
cheese bagel
just make sure it's stopped it's always
working for you as your project
good it's like Hawaii on the bagel
really is you more though oh yeah you
didn't know that I'm just trying to play
a prank on you
Wow
natural energy huh lashes
oh great rolling death blood kind of on
a safari right now is Jenny careful wah
this will be the part a la patrie that
move hang out the window
oh I'm stayed inside the column this one
holy day totally calm filming it a
little stuck so we just fired a walk no
this part gonna make it over
no not even stupid yeah he just took the
long way like he says big rocks in the
way oh yeah he's trying to impress his
friends what I like your sound block is
it working this is a this is a youtube
sound blocker you don't the Mary Poppins
of YouTube this is awesome here we go
guys if you have a pillowcase maybe
sometimes we do is mark our names on so
what do we do about to do Brett yeah
there's a bunch of crap over here and by
the ocean so we're trying to make it
trying to make the world a better place
by picking up all the plastic trash so
we're at South Point right now which is
the southernmost tip of America here on
the Big Island of Hawaii and we are
about to do the biggest and best beach
cleanup you have ever seen with j-unit
over here look at all the plastic here
she's just beach here everywhere they
already found all this
nice Hey holy cow manga you guys Rock
that's a ton what do you think it's
crazy I didn't really know that there is
that much just junk on the ocean and
this is just one Beach it's like
interesting yeah one part of the
millions of beaches out sad to see that
there's so much plastic and junk
going up on the beach and the fish and
animals are eating this stuff and it's
ruining if everybody puts in effort to
clean up stuff like this like what we're
doing today like we can make the earth a
better place what do you feel what makes
me so sad because we've picked up you
know this isn't
this is like nothing compared to what is
still on a beach because like this stuff
right here is like in millions of little
pieces on the beach so and it's so
difficult to you know pick up every
single piece so it just makes me really
sad but I'm glad that we got this today
we're doing something about this problem
so hopefully this will inspire people
watching to go out there to do their
part even if you don't live by beach
there's trash everywhere you see some
pick it up baby Ike's know that we are
done with it trash cleanup it's time for
some good jumping and there are some
signs unis a cliff jumping or dive into
a cliff various injuries were fatal
let's do it fatal injuries may occur
yeah let's go yeah
here we are see how high this is wow
this isn't bad this is awesome you doing
go today
go
you
scary personal what you do it's just
epic we've literally been out here for
Papa minutes taking Instagram pictures
OMG
so instagramming that later darn it we
just got back and unfortunately the
video still not up the vlog I'm so sorry
guys it's but gosh yeah losin at Charles
room I think we pissed off a bunch of
his cousin before we have dinner I just
wanted to inform you about the GoPro
footage we lost uh if you couldn't tell
the girl pro fell off my GoPro pole
while he was jumping in the water and
yeah it was insane and I so and so I
think if you have it I'm gonna upload
but just the GoPro footage by itself of
like what happened I feel like that's
just a really good video by itself but
it was just insane how it fell to the
bottom of the ocean we see the fish
flying and then we found it because
jenny was just looking around and saw it
and she she wears contacts and can't
even see so we have no idea how she saw
the GoPro I'm literally just bought that
GoPro and so I have it falling down the
ocean but thankfully Jack's a good
swimmer and swam like what 50 feet down
in the ocean they get the GoPro back so
it was very nice their Titanic green
salad
lots of Mexican beach sprouts avocado
cucumber just big green salads and we're
going to toss them before you get come
here but you can take a look at a roll
beautiful this is ie or oh no there's
two kinds of fish ah he is yellowfin
tuna and oh no is a white fish is called
wahoo in Mexico it's like in the
northern pike family and they're really
fast swimmers and they're white meat and
they're both of the kinds of fish that
they eat raw in Y or Japan they make
sashimi so a really fine fish you can't
do that with like mymy or with certain
other pan fish so these are the quality
fish they're caught right out here in
this bowl and the I use a red color if
someone might look a little darker and
some are more white that's the oh no oh
no do you know what that means in Y it
means oh no no it means the Mirabella be
a kind brah I miss the best that's know
if it's called oh no you know it's good
okay look at him if you can take a look
they're on their shear they're not super
cooked you don't want to overcook them
and you're handing them wrong we have
Hawaiian baked potato baked sweet
potatoes very very sweet they're purple
inside purple and Cassidy is going to
offer you take the one you want if you
want one and she'll offer to slice it
and pour a little coconut or a lot of it
I still don't know type of fish this is
but it's very good oh no are you sure
that we know this one this fish it could
be either own or ahi tuna oh no I think
the tunas oh no oh no oh I think I got
the bigger well that's it for today's
vlog guys thanks for watching as always
and thanks for all the nice comments you
guys are leaving it's always fun reading
through the comments and seeing what you
guys think of the blogs but yeah if you
haven't seen the lost GoPro footage I'll
leave a link in the description and at
the end of this
you can click it's seriously so insane
so you guys have to go check it out and
if you like it maybe share it on
Facebook because I feel like stuff like
that should be shared like just the way
the GoPro landed on the bottom of the
ocean I thought was it it was just cool
so if you haven't seen go check out make
sure to leave a like on this video we'll
see you tomorrow
Oh
