good morning guys morning it's a new day
here on the Hawaiian Islands and it's a
beautiful out
blue skies yeah life is good what can we
say ah but it's time for breakfast
let's see what's on the menu today if
I'm making my you nutmeg you know me I
knew you what do we have here oh we have
um peanut butter and jelly sandwiches
and some leftover pizza oh yes
organic papaya organic bananas with
magnets and dragon fruit gluten-free
pancakes and cooter run this our most I
guess is Sara thank you look at that
this is so instagram-worthy
I am just going to get my camera
Brittany try the dragon fruit we've
never tried these before it's amazing
you like it beautiful shoes I'm going to
take a back would you play back bloom
with your video but how would you
describe the flavor better birds in the
water
really so today we're actually building
a raft oh yeah and they're having us
carry the bamboo don't worry I've
already carried some you you're doing a
great job
hey I already carried bamboo there's no
more to carry see you I didn't get on
camera
lots of bamboo here
Wow I've never built a boat before so
this will be fun it's a rap bro
oh sorry so it's doing daily vlogs we
have to try and upload everyday but the
only problem we're running into is the
internet here 329 minutes so upside down
she's building a hat yeah I try that hat
on of course I'm almost on this one and
then we can all go stain and then we can
start I need other look looks fantastic
we should just go Hawaiian right fellas
so so happy I myself did you try not to
get me just start with this worse it's
all a test but I know she love this fear
or sea lemon juice or something baby rap
for today's vlog we are building our own
wooden raft made out of bamboo which ye
is full of bamboo and as you guys know
me and Andrew have never built any sort
of raft like this we've only done our
homemade rafts that we just blew up like
air mattress and whatnot so this is
going to be insanely fun and hopefully
Center right here by the ocean take it
out and see if our masterpiece works
like I mentioned earlier this whole trip
is about the road to kontiki and if you
guys don't know what kontiki is which I
am there's a lot of you don't we're
going to have our friend explain it so
you can understand more about what this
adventure is all about why we're out
here learn a little more about the app
that we're promoting this app is
seriously going to change the game he
can explain more about it too but
basically here and why the service is
not good well as you saw like we're
trying to upload it takes forever just
to upload a video but this app literally
compresses files down to very small size
sizes so if you install the app on your
Android basically you can watch videos
without any buffering it saves your data
so you don't go over each month which
I'm going to be honest with you I
probably go over data every month and
I'm with Verizon so it really sucks so
this app I feel like it's really going
to help people out and
that's the reason why we're on this trip
is because of this happen and the people
working over there how's the building
going on fellas good good it's just
beautiful bamboo yeah we have a
real-life Hawaiian here to help us oh
don't lie you're a real-life Hawaiian
are you I thought you were staying toy
sorry I saw I know water tested fish no
see if it floats but I kindly was loaned
this pirate shirt did you get burned too
well least you got this dress cuz I know
your legs got it the worst well I got
Brown my legs I mean I got black bit on
my legs look at that Thanks so we're
here with our friend hopeful me me from
up our software I just wanted you to
tell us exist in like a brief summary
what is exactly the road to kontiki and
what are you going to be doing and just
what's this hole all about but what
we're trying to do here is build a
little a product I graph to see if it
can float we have some very talented
youtubers working with us here on the
beach see is it possible to make a raft
basically in an hour this is not going
to be the one we're going to use for the
real contiki expla expedition that's
going out from Peru in a few weeks there
we'll use big big balsa wood right but
this is kind of a prototype showing you
know in a Polynesian island like Hawaii
what it would be like to go out on
something that you built yourself and
then you have certainly built this
ourselves and you're taking for the
actual kontiki your own yes what you're
gonna be the one on that I'm gonna be on
the contiki raft as well I'm gonna be on
that raft for six weeks so this is going
to be a little trial that my blast for
maybe you know three seconds we'll see
how are you sure you don't want to take
this one for six weeks well maybe if it
turns out to be really good maybe we
should do that I mean we have we have
specialist with us here we have you
we're gonna take this as a spare do you
approve that you know how every uh cushy
best do yeah it's good jing is so right
how does how does opera max relate well
to this one we're not going to have any
satellite communication but on the real
contiki we're going to have satellite
communication going up which is
necessary for safety purposes we need to
tell the world where we are in case of
an emergency and also we're going to
transmit pictures we're going to
transmit the scientific results that we
do along the way and for that we need a
to compress the connection between the
raft and the rest of the world and
they're opera max is very helpful
because it compresses data so that it's
faster cheaper to transmit to the
brilliant well let's get going guys
alright
can we lift it that's my question
getting ready to bring the rack down to
the water
we got the GoPros Britney's got an
umbrella now we won't get sunburned yeah
I get this long-sleeve shirt
I already got happy yeah no I said on
your shoulders shoulder level Oh back
right in make sure this mahogany thing
over
Oh
he's very hot like on a water while they
do it
good job Jay boy hey boy okay halfway
yeah
okay
well back from the water adventure and
cutting coconuts yeah it's all blade
shadows oh he's going ham okay roll the
shopping up that's a nice coconut you
have sir oh it's okey we got a party YUM
take this and just push it around the
edge like that somebody can play with
that and get these big pieces
oh my favorite thing I will okay that
your spoon whoa speaking low light just
a good taste yeah that's so good oh gee
I feel you
yeah Kelsey Allen has Beats in it be
Thomas with the beat day oh yeah cheese
crackers and this is cashew it's like a
cashew dip and it has mango chutney
homemade mango chunda meal and I really
don't know why I bought these what
brought these white converse they're so
pointless out here in the jungle I've
only been wearing sandals and bare feet
this whole time I'm just a tip for you
guys if you ever go to why bring sandals
that's all you need
yeah check out the new hat what do you
think the Hawaiian guy you saw in
today's vlog he is uh is his own company
it's called boobie shack it's so cool
has nothing to do with boobies just so
you know but it's like a really good
meaning behind it you give us these hats
shirts so I think is pretty awesome
gonna probably buy some more of his
merchants it's really cool I just wanted
to point out can you guys guess what
Brittany's favorite color is today just
any guesses guys
and no it's not red because of my
sunburn we're in the car now
DJ ha you guys Jay and Keith in Paige we
went on our Europe adventure with these
folks if you guys have been watching for
a while then you should easily recognize
everybody in this car yeah where are we
where we going right now folks
yeah what's called National Park of
sorts how do we get there like trouble a
little bit that no off the property
yah yah yah hey I lost national park
enough yep yeah I'm supposed to
understand this see this is what puts
Keith to bed every night Jenna didn't
ride all the way here it's just
beautiful sec yeah yeah
Oh Hawaiian video games perfect
leave a comment down below if you know
how to play this game and maybe we'll
come back and play hey is anybody go
through the hit hey bro what's uh the
what's the password to the Wi-Fi it's
it's sacred sacred sweet it's all right
I don't know if you guys have realized
this yet but everything that we have
eaten so far on this trip has been vegan
there's been no meat and I just gotta
say I this has been the longest time
I've been without eating me and that's a
because I eat meat probably like every
day honestly chicken and we've had
salads and tofu and stuff and I feel
really good honestly it's an interesting
change what are you what do you think
like it's like you don't mean because
too many people are like oh you have to
have meat for protein you don't have
like I'm so yeah I mean you don't have
to have me but I honestly I still
couldn't probably go vegetarian because
I think needs really good for you if you
find the right meat and chicken I love
the flavor so I can never give up me but
pretty cool yeah it's pretty cool
without me just experiencing like what
it is like to be vegan so start point
that out
this walk is insane he's the guy behind
the guy behind the guy and look at that
three cameras going to exception mm-hmm
well no that's like touching wieners oh
whoa there nikon has diseases canon is
the way to go oh it's absolutely I mean
you can act like we do not like it we
caught in the Nikon leaked on whatever
you want to call it I don't even know
what it's called cuz I don't like them
yeah you do you just you just bump
uglies with the Nikon twice dude stop
doing it whoa okay yes what are you fans
is still there get it get it better go
oh yeah oh no another one that we're
gonna ham no the Jason Keith took over a
periscope since everyone else is
periscoping just try to give it a try
and if you slip on these rocks
Oh
Oh
photoshoot time mom dad yeah say cheese
and cheese one more flash
she's a pro Wow yes dad
dad this is a pretty boss wheelchair
let's say off-road fury live right my
grounded by right never another wild
Rice's and these are shish kabobs there
so they're that Dex update they called
Indonesia there's fewer there onion
pepper an echo limit go she's on that
mushroom and then some have tofu some
left chicken there's a peanut belly
mahmu we gotta check sauce Jamie as Ross
Indonesia what you can do is just scrape
everything off the bamboo skewer and
then put peanut sauce on just a spaces
either
I love spicy stuff along with your line
well it's about that time again to get
ready for bed it's 9:00 p.m. here it's
pretty early but since we're still on
home our home time what is it I did nine
ten it's like 1:00 1:00 a.m. back at
home so we're still pretty tired and we
got a big day ahead tomorrow I thought
we were doing cliff jumping today but
it's actually tomorrow so it's gonna be
insane it's like one of the she was
saying it was one of the most in amazing
spots to cliff jump and we're also doing
some good things to help better the
earth tomorrow so I'm pretty excited to
see what happens and show you guys what
we're going to be doing so hope you guys
come back tomorrow thanks for watching
today and hanging out with us you're in
Hawaii it's been really fun logging this
whole experience we hope you have a
great rest of your day and we'll see you
tomorrow
just like
