all right before this vlog begins I just
want to give a special shout out to
opera max for bringing us out to Hawaii
for the road to kontiki retreat make
sure to download their app and enter our
contest when an Android phone both links
are in the description
who's there
we can hear every animal in the animal
kingdom this morning here well well good
morning guys as you can tell the animals
of the jungle have woken us up see what
time it is
currently if 625 am back where we live
it's 10:25 so we're on a four hour
difference I feel like there's no way
anybody who lives here can just sleep in
because these animals it's like it's so
cool like being able being woken up I've
just you know this well officially good
morning we got all showered up and one
thing I want to point out is they said
you can't plug in hair dryers curling
irons anything like that that heats up
because it'll burn out the whole like
generator that's powering everything
here yeah for the whole day and when I
usually do my hair in the morning I
blow-dry it so my hair's may be a little
funky time to go get some breakfast I'll
check out the pathway to our room so
cool
it's just we've made it to the main
corridor you guys want to see our
workstation viewing area this is insane
just get up come over here and you see
the ocean and everything just from the
deck and so this is where we're chillin
doing some work hanging out with what up
man
Brittany's first time trying to get in
the hammock just maybe fall on accident
today it's it's vlog ception we're gonna
have a lot of vlog ception this trip
with everybody vlogging is like six
people but we're gonna be those tourists
that are walking down the beach with a
bunch of vlog yeah you ready for
breakfast
yeah it's breakfast ready almost let's
go check it out make the call it's time
for breakfast so what is this called so
yeah he told you to play it cuz
breakfast ready yeah I'm on yes make
sure make sure to do a good song this is
the breakfast go son yeah play louder
keep don't play about just play a good
loud song
so here's the breakfast table we're all
gonna gather out here very nice before
we do a circle in a Dewar there's a
whole bunch of these boutique napkins
from Valley and right behind you if you
look on that rack there are napkin
holders so what you do is you could get
very creative pick a flower or seashells
or something you like they repeat
themselves and you take one of these
when you're done eating or before you
eat or when you come back for me and if
your nap is good for another meal you
can just take it and stuff it in one of
these now remember where you put it we
have breakfast prepared
are you excited don't down it's your
face I stole that from you so what do we
what do we got here for breakfast
organic apple bananas with Macs and
cinnamon just going to show you how to
do breakfast Kahn's walnuts and almonds
Wow epic
so we have here Jack and what do you do
at this place Jack take your property
manager Wow well you're doing such a
good job
it's a you're clearing the paths and
everything that's the idea and making it
into a Zen garden all right oh yeah and
he said he's gonna make some aloe
smoothies later or something right
though true Oh real-life get-go
hey bro he could say beautiful he could
save you 15% on car insurance
walk around some of that into the ocean
yes lava rocks
while we're back at the bungalow
unfortunately - dot my GoPro memory card
we went swimming and saw a turtle but
don't worry there's more adventurous the
rest of the day and when we go again
I'll make sure I remember my memory card
it's almost time for lunch
today's lunch isn't sun-dried tomato
hummus that we made here so it's from
scratch it's got garlic and lemon and
little bit of tahini and sun-dried
tomatoes and our bottles and thanks dip
it in and there's some apples and cheese
for your dairy folks mmm okay
and now this gluten-free crackers and
chips to go with the guacamole that jack
so lovingly made Mixtrack and thank you
for the cook putters and helpers brand i
don't know if you guys met Brendan Tina
I think we met this morning but Brendan
like friend and you're too dainty and
this is a organic greens and some super
greens carrots beets mango and then I
made a liliquoi like a passion fruit
balsamic dressing would passion for here
so this is passion for myth awesome
again it'll be killer whoa that is good
thanks mom yeah that's you it's
Dubliners it's a double check so
literally gotta be the best-looking
lunch I've had
how happy are you how happy are you Wow
hey guys well I thought she just did the
exact same thing so I thought I'd copier
yeah you are brilliant look at you
we are in Hawaii sitting under a tree no
this is the first time I've ever been
portable like this where I've been able
to have a portable set up like I could
bring it on the plane
that's cool master pianist put your body
into it yeah that's right we're out here
there's a ball hole here apparently are
you gonna get hit by it
it's common don't worry
oh there we go there was
Oh
ah what'd you find there little hermit
he said one likes going oh oh no let's
see if he swims away Mike come on oh
he's using nothing here
Oh
haha let's try to catch it you caught ya
he's tiny is like a mini leader catch
that little guy let's eat him hey buddy
I gotta get that it's a baby though he's
young which is in Indonesia means deer
there's a car over there he's a trailer
that's called a key zone
uh-huh and so and they're very big
normally and they're really takes you so
just just bite it recommend it juicy
okay good night spike you eat the whole
thing a flower might be beautiful we're
gonna serve them something when you
slice them you can see it looks like a
star it's like you're getting a flower
there's a candy
hey flower so cool heck why don't we
help you some Colorado there's nothing
better than like picking a fruit right
when you pick this car what is it
exactly the nights winding down and I
wanted to give you all a tour of the
estate here before it got too dark
oh I really can't believe the views out
here it's so insane
it's so nice it's been so humid all day
and now that is evening its cooled down
a little bit
thankfully the waves are coming run
you guys are long gone Oh goodbye have a
good time
nevermind that wasn't as bad as I
thought it was gonna be Oh No
Darla's
so goal off was just playing in the
rocks and fell and dropped his GoPro in
the rocks now he doesn't know where it
is that's why I'm keeping my safe
distance over here like it's like a
broccoli problem growing on the north
end of the island and shiitake mushrooms
and tofu and we have pumpkins so warming
meal tonight thank you so much for
coming here and let's have a cheers to
the hosts Cheers
oh the night's coming to an end
we're back in our room and I've just
realized how sunburned I am I don't know
if you guys can tell but hi I put on
sunscreen but I'm like yeah his son
green is really bad there you go there's
a good indicator like a dog oh my gosh
well that is pitch-black here and it's
time for bed yeah thanks for watching
today's vlog tomorrow we have an
exciting day planned we're gonna be I
think we're actually gonna be doing some
cliff jumping I don't know we'll see
what's in store we have some other
things playing but you're gonna have to
come back tomorrow to see what's up
yeah is there a luau on the plane when
you land probably oh yeah
Green
