hey guys welcome back to more Jase - I
am here with the wifey Brittany I am
Brandon if you don't know brain it is
it's my brother brother my
brother-in-law and guess what weird what
what guess what we were doing today the
pizza challenge except we're doing it a
little different I was looking up a
bunch of Pizza challenge videos and
everybody does like the bag they put the
ingredient in the bag well we're
starting from scratch and we have a
sauce gross sauce base cheese and the
ingredients for the pizza food we're
going to start off by the sauce base
this is the sauce we're going to use for
each of our pizzas Brittany you're gonna
go first one maple syrup
Oh baby food yeah yeah gredin in Miami
battle one habanero sauce okay this I'm
gonna do sure named Jack we're good at
that
I'm good yeah all right for cheese
Goodrich okay this is gonna be good
evening cheese means cheese squeeze boo
cheese blue cheese and maples a goat
cheese oh yeah I feel a terrible start
she's in the can she can't wait all
right now we have the ingredients the
toppings we're going to put on the pizza
we each hit four so Brittany why don't
you just draw four I have chopped
habanero being pepperoni in miracle web
yeah oh wow all right I got lime slices
orange slices raisins you gotta make a
fruit pizza and marshmallows I got jello
black-lit went with black licorice
coffee grounds chopped Oh Kenya oh oh my
gosh I'm okay that that's um
are you sure I'm good me let's do it all
right so we got to go to the store and
get the ingredients and then we'll get
cooking let's go yeah all of our clothes
oh no all right well we all have our
ingredients we're back home we have to
just dress our pizzas up and put them in
the oven and then we'll let the snacking
begin
I thought miracle earth was cool with no
mayonnaise
all right Bernie's pizzas going first
Mayo is one of her ingredients so she's
gonna put it on first looks like butter
to be honest I'm so good just like
myself think it's butter
Oh yucky syrup actually looks pretty
good I know
the habanero good look at that crushed
up habanero just put it all over blue
cheese Bochy bait bean yum yum oh this
is actually something that I really like
who doesn't like pepperonis you know
Brandon's turn he's starting with the
base of habanero which is glow code is
it just George's dump it all on that no
just your regular pizza you know how
much tomato sauce what you put on there
okay let's do this but we're gonna have
like an excellent yes your I great he's
using his finger to rub it on okay right
if I touch my I do not touch your eye
coffee rooms Oh delish oh good I can't
wait oh good
looks like an anthill oh wow okay that's
okay I love coffee
we put this on here oh and using his
hands crush them you know do that oh
look at that Wow we're so good
look at that beauty well pretty baby she
would like let's just put forward be
honest losing it you want to use a knife
and cut him up no it's okay you're gonna
stack them I guess so there we go I
don't think he'll know it's a campfire
look all right didn't we best ingredient
is this put some cheese on there oh the
best cheese which is the canned oh my
gosh I can't wait to eat this dang dude
you're so lucky
I know perfect jalapeno oh my oh my gosh
look at this beauty just are they got me
baby foods a prune juice flavor nice see
look at my base guys I have a lot of
sauce you guys barely put any looks like
barbecue so I would just put more on
there you miss a couple spots right
there no no yes wait what do you play on
now next we got some raisins just
sprinkle them all over here thank you
oh I haven't had raisin since I was like
a little kid they're gonna it's like
your childhood baby food and raisins is
my childhood on a future
oh thanks agree to you marshmallows did
you give it worse - yeah yeah
I have why I'm sad to put on sliced
limes just oh yes
so good now orange slices even don't
even come much time on their hole is
perfect good essence looks like a little
kids like dream this probably would be a
peach I make as a kid my looks like a
meat lovers be flesh words online as
well this is Cochise that's tomato basil
jack oh that just smell delightful
how good of a combination this is this
is like what they make in heaven
actually you have to go poop already yep
our masterpieces are done granny will
you call your pizza
the toilets best friend oh yeah I call
mine preschool heaven you're just a blob
dude there you go thank you
blob with you the pizza should be done
let's take a look Wow my Explorer image
what happened it crush no sound so this
does taste like a kindergartner you just
put this together ah
Wow no fire we're just popping in floor
like that machine if we go just one
piece I'm still yes hey okay
ha ha ha ha black licorice our lenders
turn hey Baker baby's life
holy crap it is so okay don't start
you're making Boris okay let's DV no
it's not this is canned cheese and it's
it's not that bad
this just tastes like I'm eating poop
what happened
my mouth was on fire is it really spicy
it's really spicy I might beat your nope
in a minute Britain you as fast as you
can there's worse may I've ever put in
my mouth
but now is going to in or fire we're
inviting luck cuz I've been devil we're
working out and then he's wet and then I
drink that sweat of course
whoa again do is new imagine this like
you're in a dumpster and you lick the
side of the gum sure as whittled by my
dude yo Harvey oh my god I might be a
finisher thanks for watching guys oh
yeah no no literally compete I don't rue
but literally a gun for fire I guarantee
I can assure you sir
the sooner you finish the best
what holy crap my mouth I'm coming on
fire whoa Wow hey whatever hurt
imagine milk do it my way yours just
rain is that pepper is so extremely high
yeah I had a whole in libraries I get
felt like my top life isn't enough I got
the easiest pizza but not having a
habanero pepper ever was it's like
always to try to grow well guys I think
that concludes the pizza challenge yeah
that was very disturbing you guys did a
great job
who do you think out of ours three gotta
work huge you any award at the easiest
one I got the award I won't get it off
that's so bad don't suppose like one
let's look at these guys look doll oh
yeah guys thanks for watching please
give this video a thumbs up if you like
challenge and leave a comment of what
challenge you want to see us do next
time and I guess we'll see ya next time
goodbye
