good morning fam how's it going so just
to start off and tell you guys about
what's been going on this morning a
while ago me and Brittany ordered a few
new vegan products Daisy no because as
you guys know we love viga it's like
this is like all I use for when I
workout and everything and there are a
bunch of new flavors that came out that
looked so good that we haven't tried and
so they sent him over actually before
this package we had a package shipped to
us and never received it we still have
guys and so like a week ago it was
supposed to come like two weeks ago this
package and I sent them an email on the
right the tracking says it was signed by
Randall so I was like did someone steal
our package and sign for it so I went
down to the office and the lady working
now I was like is there a Randall in our
building that possibly took our package
she's like I'm Randall like oh so you
have our package didn't you think yep I
was like well why did you guys put a
note on our door that we would have
known the package was here anyways
that's just what was going on so I just
wanted to open it and show you guys what
we got this guy yes coconut almond
nutritional shake and like I said before
this is plant-based protein stuff so all
it is is plant protein super good for
you a bunch of other vitamins and stuff
this one which sounds so good
tropical flavor protein and greens like
doesn't that just sound so good and the
packaging is nice we got our chocolate
here delicious Brittany loves the
chocolate flavor I mean all girls like
chocolate jay-z's like what's going on
want to try this one as well mixed berry
I'm just interested since it is
plant-based to try like the fruity
flavors no sugar added gluten-free my
favorite part of this bottle non-gmo yes
then we also got this guy recovery
accelerator which is very good after
workouts to give you it more energy back
help muscle fatigue and tastes really
good and then last but not least Vegas
port electrolyte hydrator replenishes
electrolytes minerals and antioxidants
berry flavor
oh look looks like it's time to go
pranking because as I said in the
previous vlog I'm gonna bring you're
going to Hawaii so we either have to get
prank footage for this Wednesday since
we're not gonna be here and guess what
we're doing another worst prank ideas I
know you guys have been desperately
waiting for us to do another one of
those but don't worry it's on its way
and we got some funny comments this time
at Andrews now haha dangers cooking some
delicious lunch it looks like whoa mini
burgers are they really bison used to
microwave real quick
just when you thought technology wasn't
going to advance anymore we introduced
the movable flashlights you can just set
this up wherever you want and it will
open all by itself now on sale for
$24.99 it comes with a free pen if you
order now we're out shooting the prank
now and the lady comes up and hands us
this free coupon for yogurt no purchase
necessary just free so we say yes here
we are no what do they have apple
cinnamon raisin and brown sugar or
banana nut I cannot banana
yeah that sounds pretty good thank you
like well me and ager are done pranking
for the day me and Brittany actually
have an appointment with Daisy hey guys
hey at this place called Camp Bow Wow
because we have to have them watch Daisy
while we're gone in Hawaii and
apparently we have to bring her out
there for an interview
dalek interview hopefully she passes
really mean crazy yeah it's a fun place
we'll show you when we get there but it
should be the perfect place for her to
stay while we're gone all right we have
made it can't that Wow
I'm gonna side but this is cool
we haven't got webcams so you can watch
him wherever you are this here is
actually accessible online or on your
phone
basically you download the app onto your
phone for Androids $2.99 for iPhones
completely free for some reason
look at big boy
how's it going wow you're tall aren't
you welp see you later it's dinner time
for Daisy yes you love your food so
delicious Coco Puffs guys it's not Coco
Puffs okay I just think they look like a
bus it's funny
yes you like your food use yo yo yo bad
bad bad bad Oh ru yo oh yeah oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah well now that we have
Daisy all taken care of
through the upcoming week I am actually
at this local place called Mike's camera
because the camera I'm using right now
has been through some battle has some
wounds and I need to get in sure know
when I get a new vodka I'm going to get
insurance on this this camera that I'm
using right now I've dropped and the
lens has a big dent in it and I
sometimes I have to push the lens out of
the way cuz it's like in the frame it's
annoying and sometimes it's blurry in
and they have a bunch of camera stuff
here so I'm gonna see if there's
potentially a new camera that I can use
in the meantime
there are so many cool cameras here I
want to try out because like as a
vlogger it's there's nowhere where you
can really rent cameras to try out like
it'd be cool
I'd actually don't know if this place
might do that but I'm kind of interested
in just trying out a bunch of different
cameras and seeing which one I like the
best as it like the quality and whatnot
this boomstick done
I decided to just keep this camera cuz
we actually have another one Brittany
has Zack same cameras
but got the new GoPro for yes but moving
on I'm at the grocery store now cuz we
just need like some chicken and just
some sides for dinner tonight
and Whole Foods is perfect
and I also got this which is the best
guys root beer float milk oh well I'm
starving for dinner it's 8:15 haven't
eaten dinner yet
got some chicken here it's gonna go so
bad got some salsa chips and salsa and
salad I think that's what's on the menu
tonight so not too shabby time to wind
down for the rest of the night but
before I close up the vlog I'd like to
read a few comments for comment of the
day and first let's start with gage I've
been watching for two years and I live
in the springs also everywhere I go I
always keep an eye out for you guys help
us you guys one day
whoa gage that's really cool first of
all that you've been watching us for two
years thank you so much and I'm sure
you'll see us around because Colorado
Springs isn't that big just keep an eye
out and maybe you'll see us soon
next comment dudes this is such a cool
concept I'm so doing this from Ben
what's up Ben and if you guys don't know
what he's talking about and yesterday's
vlog when geocaching and it was actually
so fun and you guys gave the last blog a
lot of likes so we're probably gonna do
a more geocaching and it's gonna be
super fun especially in other states
when we travel we're gonna probably you
know see if we can find some geocache
last but not least for Patrick out of
all the vlogs I watch Shaytards Logan de
Haan Sumiko Aspen Parker BF bursts gif
you guys are the best
that actually means a lot you're
comparing us to all these vloggers and
you think we're the best
thanks and it would be awesome if you
clap with one of them well if they'd
reach out to us we would totally collab
I'm sure down the road we'll collab with
them and just in due time that's it guys
thanks for watching today just so you
guys know this Sunday for us me and
Brittany that's when we're flying to
Hawaii and so next week's vlogs will be
all Hawaii vlogs
so if you want to come back and check
out what cool things Y has to offer
we have some cool plans so stay tuned
make sure you give this video a thumbs
up and we'll see it tomorrow good bye is
that supposed to amuse me little boy
