good morning sandwiches
holy crap plays busy for lunch
today guys I can't believe this we just
had to wait like five minutes just
apartment of our parking spot but what's
even more sad as this is usual everyday
it's just don't come here during lunch
but we're hungry oh my god
oh yeah we're lucky we got a spot to sit
this is like the only spot left in the
whole place
busy but I did get a free sandwich what
you finally got what I haven't gotten on
even months boy like five months out of
curiosity is it Justin Stuart yes yeah
you still make them yeah right now all
right so there's something that Andrew
and I have wanted to do for a while now
and today's weather is fantastic so we
have to do it today won't you tell them
what it is exactly homeboy can you see
this give a nice zoom in on that okay
what is this you see that app right
there yeah what does that say that says
geocaching here's the app you log in
here so here's the mall and you can
click on these things and they're
geocaches you click the start button and
it'll tell you how to get there to
discover the Brys what yeah so basically
people all over the world have been
doing geocaching where they just leave
cool things and people go and find them
just look how many our own City what oh
my gosh let's find one and go get it
yeah traditional this is the most basic
type of geocache there will be a
container with a logbook that they give
in coordinates what yeah this is a
treasure hunt let's go yeah well we're
just trying to pick out a transportation
vehicle since it's not too far away from
house
and yeah you have a few you have
scooters skateboards bikes hoverboards
just whichever you desire
snowboard longboard yeah it could take a
snowboard I mean that might get a start
of the quickest
yeah longboard is pretty fast here's a
real hoverboard no wheels you just stand
on in it floats
the official jcu skateboard yeah that's
beautiful thank you
you
we're closed see it's cool Scylla
compass down there that orange line
tells you which way it is so if I point
it it's like straight ahead almost joins
a very treasure okay
what's the progress it's 57 feet that
way oh no it's in the weeds crabs let's
just try and get over there without
getting attacked seven feet what is this
we're looking for oh I got something my
shoe um I don't know what that is but oh
that's it
just draw to be in here dad
I found it yeah that's right here whoa
grab it bro
great far first catch Wow see you got to
keep your eyes peeled bud at all times
what's in here some little snacks what
uh stickers Olaf's Olaf and a little
bull wow I forgot to bring a pen dude
and we can't sign it you guys get this
paper is old and need to update his
paper whoever put this here dude look
how long has been here since 2014 2013
what well we have been here so found
this guy's we found this we need to do
another one manager are thinking about
doing our creating our own geo catch for
the people here in Colorado
so we'll probably do that soon and then
tell you guys the coordinates and we'll
leave some presents in it but yeah this
was pretty cool just hanging right there
this is a fun app you we found that
looks like compass Oh Oh blog geocache
found it laughs yeah now share your
story with us
so he tried to find one more and it
wasn't there so someone probably stole
it which is very rude and we're looking
for another one just find a dime whoa
that's it
apparently it's in here right yeah it's
probably these trees somewhere so we got
to find it but this one is a mystery
location because would you say you had
the paper yeah there's like some of them
I'll show you if you can really sell
like some of them it doesn't tell you
exact location because you have to
upgrade and pay for like five bucks or
whatever it is but it tells you kind of
where it is oh okay here it's in this
tree I think poor little guy look like
crap sorry dude what's that okay
it's a box hurry come on Frodo this is a
cool spot oh this gotta be it or if
someone's launched
well well bees there's bugs you know we
don't care we found a treasure what's in
here
yes they left pens yay alright let's
take a look at what we have Trek tag we
can probably sign this one hey it's
about time that's a big piece of paper
someone was here last month j stu
studios yes
let's say the October 8th sure it's
official we did it our first one how do
you feel I feel I feel happy of myself
because the last one we didn't get to
write in the log book but this one is
our first official find the help sort of
random stuff in here we should go back
to the house and get some little snacks
so the next one we find we can put it in
the box
yes it's just epic for back home and
we're probably gonna do another one
where we have to drive to to some exotic
location bigjon it yeah I'm trying to
figure out what you wanna be fun yeah
there's something really far I wanted to
point out as well Aaron won his soccer
game yesterday six to one and the team's
now ranked number one they're number one
guys we have now driven about twenty
minutes away from where we live to go
and we're here in Black Forest Park
because we wanted to go out in the woods
to see what kind of surprises they'd
offer out here Wow
it's much funner than being in the cine
City for being honest but this one we
found on the map is point four miles
away so we gotta take a little hike also
this is really shot the thriller in the
woods right yeah well yeah I look there
they're building stuff over there or
something so we shot on perfect timing
right over there guys
as you guys know Colorado has had a few
fires and right here was where one of
them happened it kind of looks like
dinosaur land to me right now 39 feet
ahead
just remember to keep a swift clean eye
for this catch 11 feet to the rider left
who's gonna find it for what hey yeah oh
I found it
that wasn't obvious this is it let's go
in the shade well I saw the pink
sticking out and I knew it at first what
it was
thank you there's things in here little
snacks what's the note say says congrats
freaks this is a very long list
geocaching.com game piece someone found
it someone was here two days ago
Grampa and grandma grandpa and grandma
we also brought our own stickers do this
guy Deez Nuts what we brought YouTube
stickers that we are going to place on
the outside of the canister if that's
all right with you I don't see why not
now we got to put the paper back inside
remember kids if you find these out in
the wilderness you don't take them
alright we did it now we put it back
where it was
right there and you put the stick over
it so it makes it kind of hidden yeah
member
the title of this one was beautiful
flowers or a colorful flowers what oh
yeah good job finding that it looks the
same has been hit again it supposed to
be the same creator here's a pen
technique we found a dude he's a
slippery little fella I want to catch
him go pee Oh Neela every time I catch a
snake it just pisses and dumps on him
that's his defense mechanism oh he's
okay grandma I don't have hand sanitizer
that's the drill that's okay though
touch me zoom in on it quick I got it
dude I got the shot is it I've I've got
the shot guys is that a gardener snake
what kind of snake is he does he want to
attack or play guys we found a house
what happened oh this must be a smoke
hut yeah guys why this is a very cool
fort someone made anyway so let's get
out of here
so this one's an advanced one and we've
been searching for probably ten minutes
yeah we were just wandering through the
woods
I guess what what just body yes this is
the biggest one we found
take this yeah oh yeah oh I'm so glad we
found this
are you ready to open this yeah are you
ready for the moment yeah we've been
waiting for I've been waiting for this
sorry guys you have to wait until
tomorrow's vlog feel like a kid it's
like Christmas oh dude there's so much
goodies in here there's wow
plastic erasers from Minnie Mouse and
Disney what what is this matching card
game a good pair of hiking boots $250 a
state-of-the-art GPS $1,000 Uncle Sam's
satellite dishes three million finding
Tupperware under a rock priceless it was
Paul what it was placed July 2011 the
Geo catch catch kids first hide in 2011
this is them
holy crap so this is ancient there are
so many like notes let's see what the
last one was we're gonna have to sign
that but I want to see what else is in
here some sort of critter what the and
making our mark maybe where we go
sticker it up
what are these are these cantaloupe
those are the real-life cantaloupes here
comes a big truck
oh come on we're looking at nature here
wow this is rare um back home now
we had a fun day of geocaching we
actually thought of a really good idea
didn't we yes Wow we want to do a
treasure hunt sort of thing for fans
although it will pretty much apply to
people who live in Colorado but still
each we're gonna do a week where we give
you guys hints and people in Colorado
I'll have to go find the location where
the hints located which leads to the big
prize
and we don't know what what kind of
prize that would actually be but it's
something fun you would you guys like
that idea or just should we just give up
even if yeah I think it'll be a fun vlog
experience it'll just be a fun
experience okay yeah so do you want that
there's that to look forward to in the
upcoming weeks
we're just got to plan some things out
maybe we'll go more geocaching soon let
us know if you enjoy this sorry for that
abrupt ending the camera just decided to
die come on camera it's not like we went
out geocaching all day she's anyway
that's the end of today's video thanks
for watching and like Justin was trying
to say leave a like if you guys feel for
know leave a like if you guys want to
see more geocaching we also have two
comments of the day first up it's paul
blart mall cop all over again yeah
and second one says more Jase to
vocabulary hoy a ouch hey guys yeah you
have to add dad to that and then you got
it completely correct thanks for
watching the video and we'll see you
tomorrow 5
is that supposed to amuse me little boy
