what's up guys welcome performace Wow oh
my favorite time of year I hope it works
as well we have a special fort for y'all
today oh yeah guys if you watched last
year's fort mess you remember we did a
playground gingerbread fort so we're
gonna kind of expand on that idea a
little bit let's build a life-size a
life-size gingerbread house are you
ready for this let's go we have all of
these supplies we need for this
gingerbread house let me tell you it is
insane are you ready to see yeah let's
get them all out and show you
no way it's gonna be so fun we're gonna
make a homemade gingerbread for we need
all the graham crackers yet it's funny
because we were at this store when we
bought all these everybody thought that
we were having like a giant s'mores
party guys I'm already so excited look
you have a mini fireplace I can't so we
got gumdrops oh yeah these are ornaments
you got red and silver perfect garlic
perfect
we got a bow we got Christmas lights
Christmas themed duct tape and we got
snow glue that's gonna be important any
also I have lots of cardboard we don't
want to just build up all the graham
crackers and then just come crashing
down immediately so the cardboard is
gonna help stabilize the house yeah
we're gonna glue the graham crackers to
it the best gingerbread for you have you
seen I think we're gonna go with a
classic looking shape for a gingerbread
house you know what I mean just like you
know and then like that and always
showing them the shape this is the basic
shape so well obviously I have like a
roof to it but and this will all be one
big room in another room over here maybe
and like a tunnel system I don't know
so the best thing about this fort is
that you guys watching can do this at
home you just get the family together
get some cardboard box if we can do it
so can you
we're just gonna show you exactly what
we're doing so we cut the corners of the
box to open it up so now we still plenty
of boxes left and look how big this is
right now right right we got our layout
and how the tape is coming out so we're
gonna tape the pieces together so it's
not falling over we got part of the roof
on it's looking pretty cool so far so
this is the front haha no just
installing this thing is a challenge we
just made a beautiful discovery check it
out so this was tilting down but we
found this beam made out of cardboard
to make it like a flat roof it's kind of
like a log cabin just you know log
cabins have those like beams we're
making some amazing progress guys both
roofs are on now so we're cutting a
piece to fill up this area so we don't
have a big gap or hole in the
gingerbread house yeah but oh this is so
cool there's reminding me of like a log
cabin because these beams hang the
lights over um and every house has to
have a chimney right cut out these
pieces we got four of them I'm gonna
make a chimney here in the front the
front or the back I feel like right here
if the fireplace is gonna be great oh
yeah
that makes sense
yes it's beautiful now put it over here
yes that's perfect
yes I'm probably most excited about this
part we have an actual fireplace that
we're gonna put in the wall of the forum
so we're gonna do is bring the fireplace
over to the outside over here guys and
what are you gonna do we're gonna cut
whole Hiro smart haha we got the tunnel
here the back door escape hatch let's go
inside because either is gonna cut it we
need the pressure okay go go ahead don't
stab me look at it guys it's not
actually interfering in the floor it
just fits in the wall perfectly
obviously since we've got Christmas
lights we're gonna need some power with
plugs multi-plug extension cord that's
perfect alright so we got the graham
crackers what we're gonna do is first
draw outline of the door right here and
then pile all the graham crackers all
over this thing
it's gonna look beautiful
Oh guys yes sir this is the door and
then we're going to put two windows on
the side here it's time ladies and
gentlemen to install the graham crackers
for the gingerbread house oh you're not
supposed to be eating them guys Oh oops
got to be careful too because these are
very easy to break yeah so don't mess up
it says this glue is fast drying which I
hope so but it looks like I think that's
why it's a good idea yeah that's perfect
we're just down here sure okay is it
staying yes we're gonna get an assembly
line okay let's do it I'm gonna glue I'm
gonna put glue all these and then you
start lining them up I got it get ready
it's fast drying okay oops
perfect well it's three fits perfect
this is the best gingerbread house I've
ever done no joke oh man we can terrain
into a problems what do I need to do I
don't know right put it back on hurry
get back on there you know lose it this
is a work in progress but hey we're
getting the same problem you run into
when you're building like those little
small gingerbread houses like some of
the pieces are falling and loose
oh this is making me so happy guys so
we're letting the graham crackers dry
right now and I'm getting all the
ornaments these little hangers on the
ornaments ready for assembly so we're
gonna put them on the house like this
got this going but look at this
gingerbread house that looks yeah I
literally feel like I'm working at
Santa's workshop right now I'm putting
all these ornaments together and then
we're hanging them up as we go good that
looks good and I saw sidewalk here so
you walk on up and I know it's gonna be
so cool on the inside we are in the fort
now as you can see the walls behind us
are not decorated yet so that's we're
gonna do now we got our custom snowflake
wrapping paper this is the all the walls
are gonna be like that yes and we got
the Christmas lights too so let's get
putting up this driving ban the first
need tape yeah
cut out the fireplace so it's it's
perfectly guys we're getting the lights
out 23 feet of lights we have two of
these yes all right we got all the
wallpaper up and I'll saw the hack so
we're gonna hand that hand put up the
lights and to do so we're using the
ornament holders these things what we're
gonna do is you take a piece and you put
it at the top in between the cardboard
and kind of see it's right here it's
like a little hook so you put the lights
on the hook lights going in
Oh lights are installed check this out
this is so cool all right let's light
this three two yes actually coming out
of it to focus cool right now we're on
the garage and it's freezing in here so
that's why we need a fireplace I just
want to sleep out here right here next
to the fireplace you really could
there's enough room to extend your legs
so you got the table over there you
could put your alarm clock stay warm all
night
oh so cozy you got an extra light strip
so we're trying to make the use of it
like that is pretty cool I just
installed some lights on top of it that
looks so good dude you know we should do
what I should order some sort of food
and they can deliver it here Oh see if
they deliver to the gingerbread house
yeah you thought we were done
think again we're taking this to the
next level so we cut a hole in dough
looks so cool it looks so cozy in there
from here really yeah so I'm just gonna
cut out this one and all the perfect
little Hut huh my house here's the
windows now we can see out oh no what
Andrew I think oh the pieces on the
bottom falling off why maybe hot glue
yeah have you heard that what why did we
do it to begin with
I feel like that'll be so sad well if
you have one we can Vic these yes get it
okay look take these off cuz they're
appealing and they're all like going
Oh luckily andrew has a cool gun we
really weren't using brain before
hopefully this is better let's try it
out
will this just stay in oh well none all
the sides they all slip now it looks
like there's these are stained blue oh
that's just like immediately so much
faster why did we do
Elmer's dirty Elmer alright if you guys
are gonna make some at your own
gingerbread house at your house with
cardboard boxes do not use glue hot glue
is clearly teen way better we are going
to try to do as many crackers as we can
in this house as possible now that we
got the hot glue hack yes so we'll see
you in a few seconds let's get to work
Wow and just like that it stays for good
cuz hot glue dries way faster than
Elmer's Bree finished with the hot glue
we went through so many boxes of
crackers check this out okay so this is
the front door we didn't cover it up
because that's how you get in we get the
windows and look at this the whole side
is covered in complete graham crackers
over there Jimmy o holy-shit me over
there it's officially an official
gingerbread house made out of graham
crackers I know I think this is
basically one of the final touches the
tunnel is being wrapped in drew what
okay easy now it's a good time to order
the pizza I'm getting hungry dude me too
hurry let's order okay go we just
ordered the pizza it's gonna be about
like 20 minutes so we're staying warm in
here keeping an eye out because we're
hungry
Wow this fireplace feels so good your
food is on the way are you yeah almost
I'm hoping for pizza pizza pizza here's
something somebody's just passed it's
the delivery guy yes this is going to be
the first-ever real-life gingerbread
house delivery he's never had this
before you want to join us what it looks
like
oh and we got a cookie yes best for
Bethabara guys leave a like right now if
you love Fort mess as much as that man
does I'm gonna try by - this pizza what
we get this is a barbecue chicken pizza
Wow good Christmas get any better no
this is the bus it'll be cool Christmas
Eve sleeping here and wake up and
there's presents all in front of the
Red House from Santa it's time for a
holiday cookie snack sure pizza dessert
mmm well that's good no cookies no
grandma make this yeah looky all right
guys this is the end of the fort miss
episode for today one special
announcement if you guys haven't seen
all the other fort miss episodes we have
done this past week check them out link
below you can binge him maybe even the
ones from last year if you want always
cut some for miss vids I'll see you back
here tomorrow
Merry Christmas
