good evening fellow folks of the earth
what's happening um maybe you clicked on
this video because you want to see who
won the contest they do you guys want to
know yes we've been looking through all
the submissions all week there are so
many submissions I just it's insane
and so it was really tough trying to
figure out who we wanted to pick as the
winner
yeah so we have actually a few that we
picked never gonna you know give you
guys a shout out because you didn't win
but you made us laugh right we had a
cool picture or something like that
mm-hmm all right so we're just gonna
jump right into it not gonna make this a
long video we have 15 submissions some
of you guys for sending videos and they
actually were pretty fun yeah so
announced the this is submission this
okay so we have 15 plus this is a bonus
video this is from Cameron thanks
Cameron Cameron yeah we just gave a
shout out cuz you jumped in the pool and
that was pretty boss
that's pretty Baus we're just gonna go
down the list starting at 15 the
honorable mentions before we get to the
winner right Sophie here we go number 15
is this guy - what yes but I don't know
how you say your name but in yeah aeneas
this made us laugh she looks like a
chicken I don't know how you fit those
sweatpants are on your whole body but we
actually did that once yeah quite so I
had minutes laughs yes 14 goes to
Stephanie and her pals the reason why I
like this is because she included the
lettuce in the videos which means she
watches our videos because she
understands that we use lettuce when
eating in the library Plus selfie stick
yeah I don't know what she's standing on
but
that's her best impression of good job
Stephanie number third team you got
Knicks Evensen and he's kind of dressed
up very awkward which made us laugh he's
got a business suit some goggles
I've got duct tape on his shoes well now
but that's a funny pic dude
number 13 goes to mr. Evan he is just
dressed fabulous this evening I don't
know what's going on here but it's
pretty funky and it made us laugh as
well so thank you for submitting Evan
the next one goes to possibly Dustin or
either Dave Easton anyways this is a
very funny edit the way this just the
classics
look at this Photoshop skill and he's
flying around that hoverboard fam that's
good number 10 will have to go to Daniel
something about this hoverboard doesn't
seem right can we get yours
whoa I kind of want that hoverboard
hoverboards came with those sides of
tires though that would be so fun you go
offer a hand have two people on it whoa
yeah so very good job on this pick being
creative yes
number nine goes to Daniel saving murica
one hoverboard at a time oh and this one
is just epic he's just flying around we
got a George Washington with a machine
gun with a bald eagle as a pet
I mean this is just wow America next up
we got Vincent the spicy mustard + lava
lamp plus shin guards plus golf bag
equals Hawaii I really like this one his
face just made me laugh and he just
looks like an idiot and we love idiots
so good job mr. Vincent number 7 Bret
taking my hover bald off some sweet
jumps for my fave hoodie this - laughs
guys could got dad who's this hoodie and
a bowel hoverboard if you guys don't
watch our vlogs regularly these won't
really make
since but I appreciate this because he
definitely watches and you can tell he's
actually jumping just the way that the
picture is so very good sir
swag daddy Tim is with the hoverboard
bros look at this did you guys really go
out to target just for this picture we
got a shark pink monkey a hot dog and
just some randomness going on
we love randomness so that's why this is
in the top ten number six to be exact
here we get to our top five here
starting with Kaden he sent this video
that was really funny let's take a look
the special effects are primes that was
funny dude
alright number four has to go to
Nicholas looking for my son in his aisle
Hawk Oh awesome dad son you actually got
your dad involved piyo ha which is
another hoverboard company which is just
I don't know I love this one so thanks
make less number three goes to Savannah
pizza slices not included which is from
the video which we mentioned and this
pizza actually looks kind of good she
actually taped it on there really funny
she's on a shoebox so honestly guys
simple sometimes it's better than
complicated and that's why we really
like this one was really simple and just
to the honey yeah now looking at the
runner-up is Ellie now this was really
hard to decide because it was between
this one in the first place we really
liked this one a lot but we had to put
in a second place yeah
riding a hoverboard just the way you
formatted this picture the expectation
three pictures looking good and reality
which is the truth falling and look at
that face that falling face though
so yeah thank you so much Ali for
submitting and congrats on second place
this is it the moment you have all been
waiting for
Wow yeah I can't believe you won a
hoverboard I know you know who you are
you will okay give me a drumroll please
Congrats this she sent two pictures so
this was one of them and this one which
it I don't know in a soul fight awesome
she made this little outfit for her dog
it's a wiener dog so it fits perfectly
on the dog she's trying to ride and the
dogs just fine with it
he's like hop aboard I'll give you a
quick spin so congrats Jordan on winning
the hoverboard thanks for watching our
videos and we are going to send you a
Twitter DM and then you can provide us
your address and we will ship off the
board to you as soon as you can provide
that yes so but thanks everybody that's
submitted a photo or a video you guys
are awesome yeah just gotta say it made
us laugh a lot just looking over all
your pictures I'm sorry if you didn't
win but don't worry we'll do more
contests right yes we will the National
probably Instagram contest yeah and
we're gonna do the contests we're gonna
do the next contest on this channel so
just a bunch more fun giveaways and just
stay tuned I guess yep thanks for
watching
thanks for watching and we'll see you
guys later goodbye
