oh good morning troopers good morning
troopers that's what I am
yeah so yeah we're gonna do prank it
balls hoverboard again yeah and we went
to Party City yesterday we didn't vlog
it but we both got please new uniforms
I'm a sheriff Andrew got I got a cop
outfit cap and this stylish had I know
it's the way to go got this basically we
don't even really need it it explains
pretty self-explanatory we're just like
we're hoverboard yeah all right yeah we
got some good clips yesterday but uh we
just film me so now we're filming Justin
today on zehaf-bibeau let's go
oh I just fell you're gonna put this
replay school today is super busy I
don't think we've ever been here when
it's been this busy you since we came so
early yeah we usually prank in the
afternoons and this is like early
morning afternoon yeah there's so many
people here it's the best back home from
pranking and me and Andrew have been
getting into um
rocket League battles he just beat me
but this is just game one bud a surprise
surprise again and I will win yeah beat
me guys we're trying to figure out
something fun to do for vlog today I'm
gonna tweet out here what should we do
for vlog today I wonder what you guys
will say hopefully it's something fun
we're at the skate park we haven't
brought these to the skate park yet but
we're very excited to go so uh whoa I
don't know though let's to escape work
let's try
you know what's kind of I don't know
what the word is whenever we have these
boards everyone's wants to try them out
oh yeah it's kind of annoying that's
what you're worth Wow
did it did it did it get back y'all
yeah yeah guys we're gonna try master
hoverboards the skate parks there's so
many insane tricks it's nuts for leaving
you learn is going down hills so Jesus
is bad
Oh crepes oh whoa yeah I'm stuck I'm
stuck up here help you got a bad feeling
about your choice
oh you just do don't go up that one no I
just like him right
really whoa like a big door here right
now the wind
Philemon oh we're way cooler than the
skateboarders here right I'm saving all
my Oh a trick another hoverboard trick
is sitting here all you have to do is
jump on it you can't get that both okay
backing up you ready we're ready for you
now all right
this is called spins the spin cycle
Wow everybody fall in whoops I think
it's your turn to fall I never fall I'm
not spinning that bad look up here it's
been very fast blow like whoa are you
gonna crash go as fast as you can dude
she's Oh what happened what's my balance
of it I could stop eh just trying the
wall right out see how this goes laugh
at me
Wow that really fast
yeah like up the top
this is called the spice which we okay
you going backwards where's your done
though right you forgot you're done
secret oh that's when you give it out
real quick man is fast we're adventuring
around the park there's a slide over
there but also King Soopers right here
I'm gonna get a snack or an adventure
okay
boy am I having fun right
almost at King Soopers for rolling up
like a boss cart is in the way it cause
we had to go find baby carts because
these are the most epic fun in this
grocery store ah
do you know what snack I'm kidding what
appreciate
roasted red pepper hummus with crackers
well that's a good snack Oh also non-gmo
tofurkey have a jousting core set up we
have the knight in gray in the knight in
black let us see who wins go we didn't
get it that time
Mickey you Ted I want how big people
across this door here that quick snack
break it actually gets pretty tiring if
you stand on a hoverboard for a long
period of time yeah my feet are starting
to hurt a little bit
it's a good workout then I guess we're
preparing ourselves for snowboard season
well we wanted to slide down the slides
but the boards aren't gonna fit darn it
big toys don't fit on little kid
playground that's the lesson we learned
today I try and see if we go off-roading
here I go did you see an event these
with huge tires way can you spin wow
that's a fun little off-road adventure
Oh Pooh Buford yo yo yo yo yo y'all I
need a boy guys did you know Aaron got
it Instagram please stop oh no hurry go
follow him at aaron underscore sites and
you uploaded one picture me literally
two minutes ago this is what you guys
are doing when you turn the
notifications off bud I think I will
well that's the end of today's vlog I
hope you guys enjoyed it thanks for
coming the skate park with us sorry if
it was kind of windy it just kind of
happens sometimes but we are picking out
hoverboard contestants there are so many
submissions it's kind of hard like it's
going to be hard to pick a winner cuz I
don't know who yeah we need your help
but we are screenshotting like a bunch
and giving a bunch of people honorable
mentions
you ever have honorable mentions in the
top 10 list and then the actual winner
so if you won Congrats we don't know yet
we don't know who you are
thanks for watching we'll see you
tomorrow bye
in the dumpster
you
