good morning everyone Andrew and I have
a very exciting date planned today that
we haven't told you about yet future why
don't you give them just a brief summary
about the plan today a brief summary
okay
Sunday Broncos game homeless man fun
does that explain it for you no but yeah
we're doing another video
for our friend Billy Blanks Jr's new
channel moved and if you haven't seen
the first video we did for them yet
we'll leave a link in the description to
check it out we pulled money from
people's hair money
and today we're doing a giveback video
to a homeless guy who's a fan of the
Broncos
so
I won't get away what this vlog is going
what's gonna happen in this vlog but we
just say some pretty awesome things
just ate all right so we finally made it
to our first stop and it's a hotel one
of the things that's going to be
happening is whichever homeless man
comes along with us today it's going to
get a stay a free stay and I would tell
and this is the hotel that it's gonna be
it I think this is a Ramada so pretty
nice also I saw this and that's a very
disturbed how is this rude this is a
cheeseburger like who would just look at
this and being oh yes so delicious
nice the bedroom is gonna be it's a king
sized bedroom it's not ready quite yet
so we're just gonna come back but what's
happening now well we have to go find
Adam and himself and this thing this is
the ride today folks a limo
thank you this is nice yo water
beverages this whole thing for three
people like home alone right now
no any good toy stores this would be
cool at nighttime everything's like lit
up
oh you know you look fresh
oh yeah here's the school we have always
prank at
we're checking out all the buttons here
this is a party it's a body it's a body
it's a body
oh yeah I like it darker then you can
see all the night
all right so we're in the limo we're
gonna head over to a local a homeless we
got a lead that there's a homeless guy
here who is an ultra Broncos fan so
we're gonna go see if he wants to join
us for the day on a fun adventure for
the game well let's do goodbye have a
good time now let's talk business
the homeless shelter let's go no we're
here at New Genesis downtown Denver
you just met the guy
about to get everything done he's just
checking on a few things first this
whole like building is awesome you'll
see in the video he'll tell us a story a
little bit but like they do they don't
allow drugs or alcohol here and they
have to work so I feel like that's
what's really good this place to do that
sort of thing so we are here at Walmart
with her new friend Lloyd he's right
there he's picking out a whole new
outfit we're filming tons
we got Lloyd watching some of our pranks
time for lunch
me I'm excited what you decided for luck
I am excited
yes all right let's go what's that some
fresh food no you just got done eating
Chipotle was pretty good how'd you like
it bro it's good a nice and full yeah
and this is actually Lloyd's first time
having Chipotle glad you give it out of
10 definitely a nine and a half oh my
goodness that is really good oh by like
guys this is Lloyd I haven't introduced
him to the blogs but yeah we've been
hanging out with him all day about to go
to the Broncos game you having a good
time so far though Lord yes
we made it into the stadium here
fellas she's never been to these seats
before aren't they I think we got really
close seats yeah should be good we got
ribbons
yeah
yeah what'd you guys say D tau
idea
before we go we're in the Bronco store
he's gonna pick out his favorite player
and get a juicy
that's what's happening around there
Sanders is your favorite who
unfortunately we can't stay for the
whole game but he is so he's still in
there but me and Andrew gotta get back
because why so excited I've been waiting
for this moment for probably over a
month my whole life a bunch of friends
family gonna be there it's gonna be a
good time and we'll vlog it all
obviously and just got to get back down
there because the premiere is that 6:00
and it's for right now it takes an hour
to get back down there we just got to be
early to set up and everything but yeah
we're good to go
me and Andy are all dressed up ready for
the premiere we're going with the huge
red sneaks black black on black on black
are you ready yeah
the ladies are just inside right now
grabbing some water bottles because
we're gonna have some pizza afterwards
for everybody and we didn't have any
water so that's what they're grabbing
right now luckily we have assistance
no one's here yet but they will be the
only one here
it's like such a cool experience that
all you ever take the time in town you
know the weekends to watch what we
consume and you guys haven't seen the
trailers just take a little background
apart you've met this guy online videos
film director Ernie send all his links
to filters produced and he's basically
just said that he wanted to produce a
film epoxy so yeah we just planned out
what writing scripts Andrew actually
wrote this first script that you're
about to watch and then the comedy just
a few months writing in and then we
spent a week filming both this first one
is the bro
you two come on in Gary these guys are
always coming to everything we host and
it's just that and they got us this
Justin's white chocolate basically
Reese's but they're organic and so dang
good I know that we're doing the
premiere it's time for dinner and I just
want to point out wait a second guys
before we go in we have to introduce
this lovely lady right here what's your
name hope and how long you been watching
jeez and guess what guys where'd you
come from
well oh my goodness you drove all the
way from Arizona to see the premiere and
so we're all just going out to have
dinner together and she's a greatest fan
ever you have I know this is the least
we could do for driving away and drive
to from Arizona for what josh is really
good at reading menus so go ahead
Vijay's restaurant behind Beach first we
have the appetizers once once one time
the ribs came along and were rather
delicious I'm just going to repeat
myself and then came the chicken wings
so then I got those then we have
alcoholic beverages of the beer variety
and then more alcohol is this place for
drugs thank you for that
goodbye Joshua bye Jace to studios have
a good night and we will see you next
time hope is leaving now yeah thanks
again for driving all the way out here
maybe we'll see you again sometime if we
come out to Arizona or something yes
yeah safe travels bye
well guys the premiere went great as you
can probably tell right now we did not
film an ending got home like midnight
we're super tired but the thriller short
film is out if you guys haven't got the
memo already we uploaded it yesterday
and I've just been going over all the
comments and checking everything and I
just gotta say thank you guys so much
for all the support on this it already
has 2,200 likes which we usually don't
get that many likes on our vlog so like
it's crazy and then we have over 700
comments on a vlog for us that's pretty
crazy we usually get about 300 200 to
300 comments and all the nice comments
you guys are leaving just means so much
to us and I literally been going through
as many as I can and a lot of you guys
have really said some nice things and it
just means a lot to us so thank you to
everybody who supports us and what we do
I can't wait to show you guys the comedy
some of you may not like the comedy more
it's it's more of our style but some of
you may like the thriller more the
comedy will be out next week and just
stay tuned for that as for comments of
the day it was really hard for me to
pick one cuz looking over all these
comments there are so many really nice
ones and then some insightful ones but
this comment was pretty nice thanks
Patrick Starr no but really a bunch of
you guys actually left pretty long
comments and we read through them and
you guys left us some insight your
opinions on the film and I just got to
say thanks even if you didn't like the
film thanks for leaving a comment
letting us know what you thought we're
always working we're always going to be
pushing ourselves to be better actors
and obviously have things to work on and
so I don't just appreciate the support
and thanks for all the comments you guys
left but quick update me and Brittany
are going to Hawaii this Thursday for a
week so let me just say blogs are gonna
be getting pretty insane coming up so I
just trust me you won't want to miss out
on the Hawaii vlogs coming up so stay
tuned keep coming back hanging out with
us stay golden guys and we'll see you
tomorrow see you later Fred my car died
again stop laughing I need a ride
