it's a joke
1979 on the light
right
Fred my car died again stop laughing I
need a ride
repeat 42 8 and 57
what happened to you I couldn't sleep
why not something happened like what
last night don't tell anyone I was doing
my homework and my radio turned itself
on and voices started talking you
smoking weed again I'm not smoking weed
this is serious hey easy it just sounds
like you're smoking weed look just come
over to my house tonight and I'll show
you what I'm talking about okay
you're lucky I don't have anything
better to do
oh there's the radios telling you about
did you get a new phone oh yeah my mom
just got it for me it's got a lot of
weird features like GPS now she knows
the location of where I am at all times
it's really annoying yeah it's really
annoying that she knows me no no say
that before but the GPS that's it what
the numbers from the radio the voices
you serious
it's the only thing that can make sense
here put these numbers in your phone I
just got this I don't think that's how
it works
just try there's nowhere to put it in
it's not gonna work
these members have to mean some sort of
location on the map I just have to
figure out where exactly right here and
that's right by us
no no what no I already know you want to
go out there and that is the dumbest
idea come on man this could be an
adventure what if we find some sort of
top-secret government thing the
government come on the government's not
sending secret codes through the radio
that just anybody can hear well how do
you know I'm going home see you fine
I'll just go by myself
yes
you
