hey guys welcome back in bored Jase - we
are here with a couple friends right now
the challenge Andrew why don't you tell
them what's going on today well as you
can see we have this plate of peppers
various peppers let's go over these
peppers first off we have the habaneros
they have two of them we have two
jalapenos hot you know your basic hot
pepper these two serrano peppers and
then we can't forgot what this is the
devas knows maybe oh I think it's a
Fresno pepper of sorts yeah I think
that's what's called Fresno and then we
also have some just bell peppers just
because they're pretty good and it's a
can of diced tomatoes now you may be
wondering why we have all these and a
blender what are we doing Nick we're
blending peppers and eating them on Ritz
crackers sounds like a great idea
uh-huh let's put us up in this shit
Korean okay here Aaron here no eating it
you can use a knife if you so please
he's not getting your eyes sorted
yourself without Howie Niall hey do it
this one is like zero seeds I got their
faces oh are you okay oh you're cutting
a little tomato paste in there to make
it up more of a puree yeah we want a
pepper puree needs to go haha Oh what
are you see sleazoid where ah let's just
put two scoops
to have liquid liquid yes good now go
where you push button oh right yeah all
right we came prepared
Oh where's the button Jeff I want to
find the punished UP button okay
Oh
all right we want to take a smell sample
seems like it's not bad oh why does it
make you cough looks like diarrhea oh
one of you notice or just get 300 might
say Gary does something angle but over
this out oh that's good
if this makes credit oh this would be so
gross the lessons for sure I get first
one day here's the crackers guys think
there is not too much but I don't know
what's gonna happen
was your smells a bit dungeon if you lot
oh man I'm starting to sweat and I don't
want this
you didn't nervous this keep coming
literacy and cheers clink clink
whoa oh my god good taste man just so I
that's straight in a second to kick in
like mine was not bad now mine starting
to heat up
are you what's happening with Aaron's
drooling we're going around - you need a
bigger scoop all right
oh look at that I put a ton there's
something swallowed well come on man oh
yes his eyes your feet adopts your xur
if you get one of the seeds he gets hot
maybe do one without cracker fuck don't
get mouth water
my jellybeans wait water can't swallow
you have to bring your mouth oh hello it
is hitting hot oh yeah I gotcha kiss me
to make some mustard yeah you know I had
to swallow the consistency tastes good
it's slowly starting to kick in
I think we all do one more cracker okay
no we should put some of hot sauces in
this all right
me and Andrew are doing kamikaze birds
and my tongue touches anything oh my
gosh all right guys let's do it
my mouth is just a teepee oh sure yours
knife on my knee Andrew took it to the
next level
ouch good I did or bad a house is way
too easy here's right here oh well I
didn't work yeah yeah just like mustard
crap whoa seeds know that dizzily
mustard do this cake and quick more
mustard gas all over like ah something
hit my throat since it is ha ha Oh open
ah good I think I got some seeds I wanna
oh my goodness with oily something's
happening
getting word are you I don't
I need a cracker ow it's progressively
getting worse
yes must be sure with you one more blend
with a four childish hey okay blah Oh
who's in here here we go
oh my chunk is hers oh do a big whoop oh
yeah I'll tell you all my boogers shut
up my nose oh yeah like head only in
like physics it's the same okay ready
you should put a drop on each cracker or
half no what's that every time I taste
something spicy I get like the shit oh
dear well guys this has been the pepper
blender challenge yeah I nose watering
fish watch you guys was here and in
exile video yeah one other challenge you
want to see us do more peppers oh I
don't know whatever thanks for watching
thumbs up
