good morning cheesecakes how's it going
I wanted to start the morning off right
since I've been getting a lot more
practice on the hoverboard I wanted to
try and take Daisy for a walk so let's
see how this goes
see she dropped her stick and now she's
searching and wanting to stop for every
other thing on earth to grab just pick a
stick and let it go but there you go
then didn't did too did it this is the
best idea ever
it's way
and now I know a lot of you probably
thinking like wow that's very lazy but I
think it's fun and I don't care
look she's tired out now she's not gonna
be crazy she's gonna be ready to chill
cuz those of you who have puppies know
that they're constantly on the move and
you gotta be watching them and so I
think that was a that was a fantastic
walk I'm gonna have to do that morning I
had fun while walking her and how she
started so win-win I'm here with Andrew
now and it is time for lunch we haven't
been here in a really long time and it's
pretty good I don't know if they haven't
where you guys are but it's an
interesting ordering system so what you
do is you grab a pack of your flavored
breakfast turkey
Chiqui and he right on the bag what you
want chicken is that the best I like
chicken or turkey sweet bean Andrew are
desperate to try this one
five meats turkey and roast beef
pepperoni and bacon yes
what's your name gonna be
I know it's the best part you get to
write your name on it I'm gonna make
mine heels
Oh
welcome back to the unboxing sisters we
are here with the witch witch let's just
take a unbox here
oh wow it's got meats in it and veggies
just so good for you alright that's it
for the today's episode any decent
yes thanks for watching make sure to
subscribe back at the house now and we
have this stack of letters which we've
been saving for a while now do you know
what these are
yes but it's specific fan mail these are
letters that people wrote us that have
their phone numbers and want us to call
them we didn't say we call them when we
open their letter though that's true
I'll call them and Surprise them maybe
trick them prank column we don't know
yeah yeah we're doing some prank calls
trick calls straight calls happy calls
what let's just get to our first victim
Walter Walter hey you didn't answer your
phone this is Nikolas this is Roman
Atwood Oh Roman Atwater's Ohio oh he's
uh he's a fan no we're not JSU studios
we were just calling Nikolas because he
wrote us a fan mail and he wanted to
call and say hi this is this Nikolas hey
it's Jason studios what's up what up
just playing around yeah no problem
thanks for watching our videos and
sending us a letter
oh really
oh yeah you were standing on the
cardboard right bye boy
booth cool mom was confused she said
what is this concern okay so for
everybody who leave who doesn't answer
we're just gonna say we left you
voicemail Nico we left you a voicemail
is this Braden yeah what up if you could
do that
is that possible just yeah the thing
that we talked about earlier it remember
at school I I dropped my pen I know I
dropped my well I dropped my pencil but
then you were there to help me I thought
you would know I'm reading your letter
here says you're 15 you're a student
pilot currently and I love watching your
videos do you open up your iPad and
check for new more dish new videos yay
how's it going cool well we just wanted
to say hey and thanks for uh sending a
letter is anyone there
well Haley we told you thanks for being
a fan of the JC Studios by the way it's
me Miranda okay yeah
and who are you I'm glozell we're just
calling them fans just because
hey bro it's magic of rahat have you
tried the new Snickers yet there's so
good eat one when you're hungry yeah
is this Aidan hey it's glozell glozell
from YouTube
oh yeah you do yeah is you good cuz I
wanted to know who are your favorite
youtubers that's what I'm one range Oh
either a really good channel what are
your top three favorite youtubers
actually how about top five favorite
youtubers maybe top ten okay and you
seen any toilet paper fort videos before
have you heard of the bald
Andy foundation yeah that's a good
foundation isn't it oh man that is so
kind of you do you know who this is you
got it bro it's j stu studios your fan
mails letter and you said to give you a
call so we thought we'd prank you and
just say hey hello
this camera calling has a youtube
channel so we're just gonna play one of
his videos the answers
oh you got ya ah he pranked me chase you
sly sly chase thanks for the fan mail
it's just a major from JC Studios
anyways guys that's it for the phone
calls
thanks again but moving on manager have
been discussing and we want to do
Richmond lifestyle prank part two and we
have a few ideas one of them being
having Tai Lopez in the video you know
the guy who does hear my garage and
we're gonna call their number and see if
he wants to collab we sent them an email
but we didn't get a response so we just
want to figure out we are straight to
this source
hi I was just calling because we sent a
email to whatever email addresses on
your contact list about a YouTube
collaboration with Tai Lopez I was just
wondering if you guys have received that
a can equip break from being inside
who's been inside for a lot of the day
so always got to stay active and go
outside each day even if it's snowing
and even if you're not walking like us
just go outside this is the first time
we've actually gotten to cruise at the
same time we've just gotten caught up
busy doing other things so now it's time
for fun
you gonna give it a try the viral blog
mom slips on hoverboard and meeting me
well we're at the park now getting more
practice in we're just saying to be so
awesome if they started a hoverboard
basketball league okay but we don't know
anybody else who owns these so it yeah
maybe one day it'd be so fun like 4v4 or
something we are now ready for some
grocery shopping
now it's time to show you guys some
hoverboard tricks we've learned Andrew
oh I have one for you take the cameraman
all right this one is just called this
360 switch rooms okay
while you're going
Oh actually my products back here
whoa this is called backward shopping
go forward if you want
but more oppressive physical athletes
Wow Wow those guys you just kind of get
well
just like if you need to get low Mike if
you have an item on the bottom shelf
right
all right well me and ang are done
goofing around in the stores having too
much fun of these hoverboards hands-free
segways but Brittany has prepared
another incredible dinner
no I told I've been loving these stir
fries just the veggies and meat proteins
so what do you say who's in here
there's lemon basil shrimp yeah like
women be the little shrimp I got it from
like Whole Foods cuz big chicken and
it's nice to chain it up so she's got
some veggies in there and shrimp yeah
and I am hungry for dinner so this is
gonna be great now time to chillax
flicks and chill time to shoot a video
for Brittany's Channel we're doing a Q&A
but you guys have been asking well
Brittany asked you guys to ask her
questions and we have a lot of
interesting questions to answer
time for the nightly workouts and I'm
here with b-dawg are you ready to work
out what are we working out today no
maybe just bucks okay all right you lead
that concludes today's vlog folks but I
did want to go over some of just
submissions you guys have been sending
us on Twitter for the hoverboard contest
some of you guys are getting really
creative with the Photoshop and just
even people are sending us videos what
is this so if you sent us a picture
thank you we promise we've been looking
at every single one of them and I've
been favoriting all the ones I've seen
so thank you guys looking good bro I'm
pretty suspicious about Aaron he might
be dad in disguise or Willy Wonka from
the original movie any thoughts you know
I've actually questioned that myself
Aaron is always acting very suspicious
when I'm around him so you might be on
to something
clutch nation can I be comment of the
day yes anyways thanks for watching
guess what we're doing the premiere in
two days
guys for short films I can't explain how
excited I am the short our first short
film the thriller will be released on
the fit so just stay tuned and you guys
are gonna see it it's been a long time
coming so yes well goodbye
what can I get you guys to eat
