good morning guys it's currently 436 in
the morning and we're waiting in line
here at the Einstein bagels and caribou
coffee because they're having a grand
opening today and all these people
camped out Wow the first 50 people in
line get free bagels and coffee once a
week for a year so we wanted to make it
the 50 people like ended right there and
we're right there but we did get free
stuff you still get a free bagel and
coffee if you wait in line people are
packing up their tents or moving come on
free bagels
almost yes let's go
garbage man is here he's cutting in line
though it's not fair
so Einstein Bros and the caribou
but find our bagel
Andrew walking back to the car now
get her bagel and a free coffee we're
gonna go home and put the coffee in the
fridge
cuz it's hot coffee right now but then
later we'll be like nice coffee and go
back to bed and as soon as we got inside
they were like putting people to the
side because I had extra books left over
and the person right in front of us got
one then they ran out oh you're this
goes even though we weren't the fiftieth
they had extra books I'm having my Eagle
now you're saving years from warning
well I guess it is morning but later
morning this is gonna be good and we're
here with the real-life Erin sigh hi
it's kind of dark in here we're in a
parking garage but I wanted to show you
something I found when I opened up
Andrews glovebox what is that I don't
know what you're doing with all this
cash bud how much you got in here you're
loaded
hot guys we're just kidding what are we
doing we're doing a video today pulling
money out of people's hair band it's not
for our channel huts it's for our good
friend Billy Blanks jr. new channel
which we can tell you guys more about
later but he we're doing basically we're
just doing a video a kindness video to
actually for his channel so this they
actually get to keep the last time we
did the point 10k out of someone's hair
oh good yeah this is for real they keep
it so hopefully we get some good clips
today let's go you know what really
annoys me about this specific college
parking garage is that they charge their
students to park here which I do not
understand why they do that they're
already charging them to go to school
here and I go pay more money to park so
how does it been gone really good mad
one done but that's a
yeah we did we've done three so far and
one girl we got didn't want the money
just you know I guess everyone's
different but she won okay so we're
driving downtown to get some more prank
gets more footage for this there's a
apparently homeless guy right here his
sign says
LSD funds he's desperate really bro lots
of shoes funds but yes zero shoes but he
wants he wants LS money for drugs wise
well we're downtown now next victim
there's some bullies geez what I almost
got out on film
super downtown are insane well what
happened yeah what the heck anyways yeah
there's some people down here that could
use you know a little boost
hi what can I get you guys to eat what
what kind of use your eat
oh really oh you already guys got food I
see what's that oh yeah yeah it's fun
back home and got delicious dinner
prepared by Britain this is stir flock
yeah this is stir-fry with veggies we
got some chicken bell peppers asparagus
corn and it's actually so delicious and
I'm gonna watch some Netflix as well as
that's what we do lately we've been
watching the zoo it's a very interesting
show basically if you haven't seen it
it's about animals pretty much taking
over the world it's saying that what if
animals turns turned against humans
since we've kept animals and cages and
stuff like that so it's just I don't
know it's an interesting concept we've
been we've been getting into it it's
pretty good it's on Netflix you were
watching and Drew and Mary are going to
Aaron's soccer game
yes he is another soccer game tonight
and I think his Andrew said his team is
undefeated so that's pretty impressive
we're gonna have to go to one of his
games coming up for sure let's just take
a quick look and see how Aaron's doing
at the soccer game
Andrew brat Aaron soccer game kickoff
just happened
oh my gosh wrong way guys geez there's
Aaron does let's zoom in there's a
real-life Aaron sites 22 that's him oh
come on buddy
look at him go Aaron's team 3 Aaron's
written Darren's team is ranked third in
the whole state they're pretty good guys
yes No Oh shove there buddy I got you on
film whoa okay so first came in and I
chose you guys to kick off that wasn't
the real kick off they were already
scored 13 seconds in they just scored it
yeah Cody Rock to zip we're up to zero
three zero four zero Aaron is very
patient
look at that stride are they real life
Aaron sites Mario upper 90 Aaron's ready
Aaron's ready listen at that corner
Aaron wants it 5-0 tipoff Oh what get it
now I said it you can get the assist
oh six zero seven zero good job fellas
good job fellas
good job fellas good job
way to go fellers way to be way to be
hearin way to be good game good game the
one we took the guy out I got on camera
Oh
grabbing my shirt from behind then
trying to like pull me towards him so
when he got to my side I just like
pretty sure that back
currently I am back at Andrews it is
what is it 944 because the prank or not
prank the give back video we filmed
today we didn't film an intro or outro
and that's something we need to do we
actually have to send in the footage
tonight because he's I think he's
uploading it tomorrow so he needs all
that stuff when we forgot to film it so
that's what's happening oh are you ready
to film the ending folks Wow film
section all right here we go
hey hey hey we're just new Studios
another part what we're done
hey guys we're Jason new studios and
we're what's doing
so many times we end up doing doing our
intros and outros you guys don't see
that so this is we're talking about all
your guys comments about what Aaron
looks like my goodness there's some
random funny ones yeah but yeah we just
got done filming the endings from home
they're probably 10 different times I
don't know why you do that sometimes but
you guys should watch the final version
yeah well well we get to you guys to
probably up tomorrow or something so
anyways I'm leaving these fellas they
will be doing the comment of the day so
so stay tuned yeah
oh did you talk about the Twitter
submissions mm-hmm no oh you guys have
been going ham with all those Twitter
pics it's awesome like I don't know how
we're gonna pick someone to win the
hoverboard no I was just looking on my
Twitter and you there are so many to go
through isn't the best guys are so funny
and creative I will show you guys some
of the submissions tomorrow so I think
what we're thinking of doing since we
can only pick one hover board winner or
probably do like a top 10 of our like
our favorite ones I'll give you like a
shout out or something yeah we're gonna
figure it out we'll give you something
but yeah thanks guys
goodbye fellas but today's comment of
the day brought to you by without to
care and make the happiest sound I've
been down to our first comment comes
from what is guitar and it says GMO geo
makes ouchie my comment of the day is
Erin looks like a pencil look closely
you will see what I'm talking about
I'm looking thank you very pencil-like
anyways let's hope you got thanks for
watching bye
