hey guys welcome back to Fort mess
today marks the second annual Fortman
series our very first episode and if you
don't know what fort miss is it's where
we upload a fort every single day for
this week up until Christmas Eve it's
the best time of year so this is the
first episode be sure to come back every
single day for more forts oh yeah so
let's get inside and get this episode
started okay guys we found we found a
spot that may work the toilet paper
section is up against the back wall I've
never seen Merry Christmas seems like
these stores it's just getting harder
and harder to find spots to make forts
they can't stop us yeah it's formas
there is an employee over there we're
trying to figure out a way to get in
sort of thinking we get under here and
then look the toilet paper is right
there so we go worried dangers gonna go
in first so look we've built up the
walls right there so we can crawl behind
there it's gonna be perfect
because guys let's go ahead
it's actually really comfy
we put Oh always hit myself we put the
dog beds on the floor to begin with that
way we can crawl on top of the metal now
here's where the project starts the
toilet paper sectioned I have to move
this over there and make an entrance
into Z forest I'm in I know and thinking
really dark in here and actually feel
like taking a nap that's I think Andrew
made enough room so you can go back to
the toilet paper you gotta be careful
not push these off yes both back behind
the toilet paper it's a big gap right
here and then we're expanding that way
we put a cover no one can see us now not
a chance
literally perfectly lit I know it's not
the biggest fort but we don't need a lot
of room for today's episode so expand a
little bit more that way this is the
only spy area we we got here someone
there
so what we have decided is currently we
have a lot of length in this forth but
not much width so we're gonna do is
decrease the length so that we can have
a wider chill zone right in here so
we're gonna move all of these like in
that area so then we have a sitting area
we could bring decorations in here stuff
we got an assembly line going in here
this is the final layout for the forum
we're trying to think of stuff that we
want to bring in so I'll try and find
some battery-powered lights cuz we don't
see any plugs yeah so lots of wrapping
paper wrapping paper for sure maybe some
chairs yep
some maybe some rugs for this because
this is very much some homemade
grandma's cookies please well what else
no there's just so many people or
escaping
the hardest part is always getting out
you what we did it we didn't get see so
time to do some shopping
it's on the lights it's battery-powered
these are kind of cool because red blobs
yes I'll have Wow Santa Claus lights
normal what do we do whatever the
longest seven five five this is wrapping
paper heaven snowmen snowman
snowflakes it's too hard to pick all
right we made it back guys as you can
see we have all our stuff so that in the
bag is the stuff we bought and we have
the receipt for and then we brought in
these comfy stuff so it's time to get
designing you ready yeah I just taped my
head centered over what we bought here's
a Christmas tree so we got our
battery-powered Christmas lights
- Santa - yes
tape for this scissors to cut and
batteries for the lights perfect you're
ready to get started yeah bah these
chairs are so confident wrapping paper
okay we got this huge wrapping paper
because it'll cover this whole wall
knock first piece of tape is installed
and you're just getting the length
correct I love this wrapping paper yeah
check it out guys the whole wall is
covered
I made a present this is office for is
so cool
now let's get the lights
ah we gotta all end up across the whole
thing you ready for the moment of truth
I'm ready for this play to turn on let's
check this out over there I think he
went the cat diapers that was scary oh
so cool I was not expecting to be this
epic wow it feels like we're not in the
Shelf anymore no with the lights
flashy mood yeah imagine if somebody
pulls like this toilet paper at night
well there's that blinking in their
wallets
Santa's workshops to worry about plugs
what's next that's given our Christmas
masks okay
dude I just saw an employee she was
pushing the cat diapers back
she can't see listen I don't know I
wasn't looking hopefully they're not
restocking that would be random okay
time to assemble siient applause we
don't think that employee sauce oh yeah
I don't think so but she she look down
here and saw this you'd be like yeah
yeah yeah get these glow sticks on
they're picking a bed please we really
messed up like cannot wear this yeah
mine's I'm like on my forehead okay not
falling direction I can't go any lower
unless I put my nose i squish my nose oh
well it has instructions but there's
zero percent helpful really yeah step
one remove product Bend entire length of
light stick shake into light stick is
glowing insert light stick I think I
need it right yep that hit but what
about all the other pieces I think you
just take one of them off and then you
can wear it fine so this piece is just
for going like this like there where our
Christmas tree has lights on it
is sleepover worthy I'm so comfy good
night good night guys yeah I'm kind of
concerned there's toilet paper we put
tape on the top of the toilet paper if
someone pulls this it's gonna be ripped
us all off guys let us know right now in
the comments what your favorite
Christmas snack is because we want
snacks I want one
grandma cookies right now that's my
favorite so good there's like hot
chocolate oh man guys what let's see if
Cena's home yeah what yeah I'm gonna
call the North Pole okay right now did
you just say Santa's workshop oh yes I
was just wondering if Santa is home so
we can come visit him yeah thank you so
much Merry Christmas
bye
maybe we should ask I've seen I wants to
come visit our fort yes we should do
that I think I bet he'd want to because
it's a pretty cool fort yeah oh yeah
maybe a different Fork but still a fort
oh it's hard doing prank calls in a for
it cuz you don't want to be too loud hi
I'm having a Christmas party tonight do
you guys have any Christmas snacks or
holiday flavors of sorts hi I'm
wondering if you guys have any holiday
flavors
pumpkin spice yeah what's that oh do you
guys can you guys put that on the Big
Macs okay well I guess thanks for trying
okay bye
she didn't try it all right come on just
put it on a big bag oh hey guys I've
also just noticed that we can be really
loud in here and no one has heard us
because we got this hard wall and then
all these like cushions of toilet paper
should we play some Christmas change
okay yeah let's have a Christmas dance
party yes let's get the strobe going
okay
Oh
okay thanks for watching like and
subscribe I'm very curious if you can
see these blinking lights outside I mean
it is pretty far back in the shelf but I
guess if you lean down maybe you could
see or from a distance and be like what
what did you do oh hello hello the
hardest part has come it's been so fun
just chilling here I thought I'd just
shown her all day Lenny is like TV food
you know I'm surprised didn't catches
yet this is epic but the hardest part is
getting out and leaving and having to
get all their supplies this is a good
fort I'll miss you and the Great Escape
begins huh easy
thanks for watching the first fort miss
episode many more to come so yeah I'm
back tomorrow make sure you go back
everyday cuz like you said now until
Christmas forts every single day your
notifications on leave a like if you're
excited for formas like us oh yeah hey
Merry Christmas everybody I'll see you
tomorrow
but more efficient
