good morning bean dips senior picture
starting yeah Angie gave me camera
deluge are you prepared ready Hank
yeah just like kind of walk thank
goodness I brought my boot waders well
Erin's getting changed into a different
outfit now
and it's quite hot out here I must say
so we're just chilling the shade you
like the shade Daisy
no I didn't I should've she was playing
in the water she hasn't played in the
water at all in her whole life so we're
gonna have to film her doing that
sometime and here he is with the new
outfit he's going he's going with the
fresh men in black look black slacks the
black button-down black shoes
we get here and by the waterfall now
well we finish the shoot she's amazing
get senior pictures done with Brittany
she too good
yeah come out if you're even if you're
out of country just fly here it's worth
promise
thanks Brittany thanks guys we'll see
the pictures will show you guys yes it's
a brand new week for us which means new
pranks and guess what we're doing this
week's prank with duh duh duh duh duh
that's an ad add the Pizza mobile so if
you guys liked our if you guys like our
wide shopping and wide walking prank and
sure will like this one I'd know it
we're at Home Depot to perform the first
clip and though he has video where it's
a lot to think of another idea yeah cuz
we know sometimes employees won't allow
writing in store so we don't know if
they'll get mad at us or not but I can
find out alright so we're out here about
to get our first clip but this whole fam
stopped us and what they watch our
videos how's it going guys how long you
been watching the vids a year well
thanks so much for watching here I'm
trying to pound it
drive by good mean you guys so I'm on
the hoverboard right now in the drive
view you guys will see this clip in the
video we're trying to do a bunch of
different situations of us shopping the
hoverboard technically I'm on a
motorized vehicle huh there's Andrew
filming just ordered some mozzarella
sticks
all right it's 2:30 we were just
pranking for about that's in hour and a
half or so I've got a few good clip so
there's only me going but right now we
stopped because if you heard in the
other vlog I mentioned my sister's going
to Switzerland for why Wham
for like I think it's six months so
she's leaving today this is sad but I'm
happy for her but it's sad to see her go
for a while it's gonna be life-changing
for sure but we're just going to say
goodbye to her before she goes Hannah
you have to say bye to vlog now - I was
telling everybody what you're doing yes
oh it's five months that's how long
you're gonna yeah I don't know I said
five to six or six just what are you
doing again look Heath well we'll see
you when you get back love you look my
phone case came in the mail today
something came in the mail for you today
it's this I already put it on my phone I
should have done an unboxing video for
you guys but I'm sorry see but here's
what it looks like it's blue it looks
really cool yeah woah and it's I like it
because it's got this kickstand on the
back so ever want to watch like movies
or something going viens ah yes and so
I'm on my way to King Soopers right now
because I'm all home alone and it's
pretty boring so I figured I'd go to
King Soopers get like a snack or
something I don't know
just do something with my life for
pete's sake also yesterday I found time
I was able to erase all the window paint
off my windows that said I just married
and some of those like hearts on them oh
they're actually a lot harder to get off
than you think so yeah and my car needs
a car wash because there's so residue
and all sorts of stuff on it but the
problem is it looks like it's gonna rain
outside
maybe it's like half rain half not rain
I'm just having a mental dilemma on if I
should get a car wash or not I really
need one but it's gonna rain maybe it
won't rain but I still need a car wash
just need to ponder here for a second to
think
now I was just going to King Soopers I
want get one free it's a good deal a lot
of people at King Soopers today this is
all they got left this stuff is good and
it's the last one
yes try new coffee day white chocolate
mocha it's pretty good they're having
$2.00 coffees so why not
yeah right Ross hey Britt welcome to the
vlog Brittany what are you doing to the
apartment just making it feel like home
okay
true that lucky where'd she get the
orange juice at and he's eating cereal
dad it's a cereal are you breaking me if
you wish your parents how to annoy your
parents in the store why the crap is
this flavor cotton was I even smell like
it smells like allergies
okay hey we can get one for Daisy Oh
like wet dog look what I found and I
also found that see what I did there
alright so I decided to get a car wash
it's a little cloudy out please don't
rain that's the same yes
and washes busy nuts
yeah
snacks
command y'all let's go all was a good
car wash
watch it rain later hey Andrew
hey oh never mind I forgot sorry what
guys I found a Cynthia dog bed does
anyone have a dog named Cynthia cuz here
you go
so for dinner we saw this advertisement
the other day I showed you guys a
buffalo chicken so I'm we were desperate
to try it so that's what we're doing dad
dun dun dun
don't get burned now Daisy
that is just beautiful and it's done in
three two one boom and it's done this
will this is gonna be so delicious I
think you guys see that what do you know
it's starting to rain
what horse is starting to rain at home
think it rain clouds what cars looking
nice so just hanging out with the bros
let me just finish watching Mad Max Mary
and I saw it in the feeder but they
hadn't seen it yet did you guys like Mad
Max or not is crazy it was very intense
yeah it was a it's a really interesting
movie I like it though but I think
that's about it for today's vlog thanks
for watching us oh we have a fun event
planned for tomorrow I think I'm not
gonna give you any hints but it's fun
and it'll be a good vlog so come back
tomorrow and any more announcements Oh
dad come of the day our first comment of
the day Daisy is BAE enough said
yeah Daisy's pretty cool I must say my
comment of the day is you poo guys are I
loosen Kison I burr in your videos
alright my comment of the day is Erin
looks like Josh
thank you
the resemblance it's just nuts thanks
for all the comments guys thanks for
watching the videos I will see you guys
tomorrow
