good morning plums
we're in the mall because as you guys
know we just got hoverboards so we're
gonna see if they have any cool stickers
that we can keep it out with and they
have tons of epic stickers which ones
that I found some pizzas this is gonna
go perfect on the board they also have
other points to change your found and a
beautiful hoodie what is it
it has snacks on it the large fries Mary
yummy snacks yeah and then they got a
dress shirt with doughnuts on it patent
this might be calling my name
well we're done with the mall and we're
checking out that farmers market that's
right outside the mall this is fun
there's fruits and veggies real life
real planted ones yes right so Andrew
and Mary are quickly eating lunch
because I have Naevia and Aaron actually
has homecoming tonight so that's very
good for him I'm just trying to figure
out where I should put these pizzas no
this pizza is for me not part of you
nope there's a hubcap right here which
the pizza will fit perfect no Daisy see
Andy has arrived with his board so we're
gonna try and install these stickers now
this pizza is actually each sticker is a
slice so I'm gonna have to figure out
how to put these on properly oh good
yeah my sign on just got do the other
side this one's a lot easier yeah whoa
whoa all right they're officially
upgraded I've got pizza slices on that
Andrews is ready for stinger oh yes
fully get used to these we've only been
riding them for like just like an hour
tops but I have learned a trick let's
see it man
whoa you okay ah if you believe in
yourself I know you can write a board
whoa whoa
then we dem rims though once I get
riding this board down to perfection I'm
gonna take Daisy on walks so I don't
have to put any effort in I just hold
her and she just pulls me everywhere
well unfortunately guys we can't ride
the hoverboards anymore this evening
because we actually have other plans
me and Brittany have today we're doing a
photo shoot video for her too
and that's like it's almost time to
leave beforehand we have a present we
wanted to buy Daisy she won't be able to
chew on this yeah yeah
back home cooking dinner got some pesto
chicken rice corn Daisy what is that
just skip Daisy or a new toy
we got Daisy and you'll bone this is the
biggest one she's had all right how
about it he's like wow this treat dough
yes sir I wonder what Andrews eating
right now
dinner
are we having salad in fish salad some
pepperonis it's pretty good doop doop
doop doop doop doop tempted dad man
you're going fast a lot of bikers out
today for some reason
but anyways Mary and I have decided to
have a movie night tonight just kind of
chill and relax so we're going to the
popcorn store consuming as a popcorn I
know we filmed this a few times
we keep showing up there and I always
closed it's like 6:30 right now no we
can't lessee but they closed at 7:00 if
these guys are closed when we get there
I swear I'm never going back but we also
have one more card in the mail it's like
a wedding present since we didn't really
film opening up presents I'll film this
card for you guys so let's see what's
inside here it is there Flavio's
and it's a check 25 bucks guys Wow also
one tip for you guys if you get
graduating either high school or college
or getting married I'm really doing
anything any kind of thing where you're
sending out announcements and people
send you money the tip is to send out as
many announcements as you possibly can
like your wedding cuz you know I invite
so many people yeah that's true
even the people that you don't think are
gonna come that's just like cuz they'll
send you something back even like people
you barely know like like uncle I was
like twice remove at you like talk to
maybe once send them one and yeah and
you'll get even more gifts and stuff so
there's a life hack you show up do you
want to sample hi we were just picking
out flavors she's like I watch you on
YouTube
yes dice if you follow them on Facebook
and stuff you can get discounts yes
thank you bad box red box this hashtag
made me laugh hashtag not on Netflix for
years what's a good movie guys
leave a comment so we can watch one
little boy uh so tonight is homecoming
for Aaron he's showing us his room for
the first time it's Aaron nice tie I
knew it
we got some pictures so well I have fun
I guess thanks guys yeah well folks
that's it for today's vlog and to go
over the comments of the day this
comment made me laugh because I don't
think Aaron looks like Clay Aiken at all
I mean I mean what do you guys think
does Aaron look like Lee akin I don't
know I just I was pointing and also this
comment I won't cover today so bad well
there you go
happy birthday me and Andrew just
watched the rough the full version of
our thriller short film and OMG you guys
I can't wait to upload this I wish I
could show you now but we must wait well
I'll see you tomorrow
Oh
