good morning cocoapods do you guys like
when we do the intros where we say a
food item or should we think of
something else I don't know what do you
guys think anyways as you guys know the
premiere is coming up very soon we just
need to do a few things what do we have
to do first off the door okay
that's easy that's done step two we have
to record some audio because we were
filming outside and the wind was kind of
messing it up show you guys the clip
actually here's a preview you hear that
wind guys it might not seem like a lot
but this is not acceptable the worst so
let's just give it a try Mike what are
you doing yeah
meet Joseph I'm sorry about the
Instagram post
I will not mess up thank you
I will not mess up I ruined to take for
you haha
you know what I do the fans don't know
though they want to know but they'll
soon find out
I won't spoil it ya need to see about
we're meeting Aaron because is Aaron
getting one too and Mary what the same
one all different colors there's a hint
for you folks
Vera's on
you guys should know by now what Ainge
is getting why dun dun duh duh duh duh
let's try this new push pink is that the
6s yeah
this isn't a success guys let's take a
look at pigs well
oh yeah what's the force touch thing so
waiting in Verizon stores take forever
cuz they have to do like the setups and
everything so I'm just gonna run to the
grocery store and get a quick beverage
okay never tried this before but it
sounds really good
riyo berry calm and focus yes
erin has arrived Erin your get it you
got the new iPhone can't see see our
flavors you can bear yeah I want to see
what flavor you got let's do it we're
twins I got the gold one two cyclists
systems I think I just got this Space
Gray you have to brick right now so this
is a big upgrade iPhone 4 yeah I'm just
having so much fun in this new iPhone 6
way we didn't do an unboxing Oh quick we
can do Mary's okay let's do an unboxing
Mary won't mind let's just just take a
look first of all when I'm feeling this
box I can feel that there's a little
extra thought put in yeah if you guys
touch one of these boxes you'll
understand what I mean
it's like raised up now you open the box
what do we get we get an iPhone 6s and
it's
really nice thank you boys you want what
else comes in the box also in this box
is got this clever tab you pull up and
what do you know it comes with a charger
what an real charger you can use that's
amazing to charge your device so guys
wait I'm not done oh it comes with real
life headphones man if you want to
listen to music or just be by yourself
mm-hmm and that ladies and gentlemen is
the iPhone 6s unboxing thanks for
watching guys we are making a new
channel cut the unboxing sisters if you
guys just we're super entertained by
that unboxing video let us know because
we can unbox chips food others just
anything we want to entertain you guys
well I'm going to eat dinner but we'll
be back because we're shooting something
this evening yep so we'll tell you very
first a bad Buford by Buford okay guys
so I just stopped at home and before I
went inside I was checking the mail
because me and Andrew are expecting
something and guess what
it came they left a note saying to go
pick it up the post office and I'm here
right now but I just want to say I am so
excited for this you may already know
what it is but we'll explain more about
what's going on with the package I'm
about to pick up and I'll show you what
it is sweet alright I'll bring this
right back thank you
oh wow beautiful wrapping job by them
well the box does look like it's been
through World War three but it's not
thus beside to the point at least it got
here and it's like super heavy so I
can't really vlog and carry this oops I
forgot to film what we were eating for
dinner but I can tell you what we had we
had salmon with rice and avocado but I
can't show you what Daisy's dinner is
just cocoa puffs
just it's dog food are you ready to see
what's in the special big box what take
a look all right okay here's one
what do you know what that is guys I do
this is a hoverboard
let me just unwrap it and I can explain
more huh
so we got this guy the red hover board
which is Andrews he chose red and then I
chose a white one and you might be
asking yourself oh that's pretty cool
but I want one don't worry guys we're
gonna be having a contest very soon and
we're gonna give one of you guys aboard
for free so just stay tuned watching the
vlogs and we'll announce details soon I
think we're gonna announce the contest
on our main channel but we'll let you
guys know about it too and obviously
we're gonna be making tons of fun sick
vlogs with these I'm gonna learn like
tricks it looks like a fly that keeps
landing and told you there we go yeah
that's what our friend actually he owns
this company this hoverboard company he
sent us these and he said we can get one
with you guys so that's it oh just
brought over we're dangerous now and hey
guys we're gonna give it a quick test
tomorrow's vlog will be full of
hoverboard madness we're just gonna give
it a quick test okay no yeah you need a
helmet dude no don't do it on the
driveway gonna do in the road yeah
you're failing I'm actually might not
even film any cuz maybe it will have you
guys waiting for tomorrow so yep you
guys we'll see you tomorrow but we're
close half the night perfect yeah
we're at Lulu's and they have a new
flavor root beer fries
is it good root beer float it's maybe
mix that with vanilla that's why it's
here root beer float I want the root
beer float and hazelnut gelato Oreo and
I'm getting you guys more sisters would
you get batter up
uh Oreo it's got a root beer and the
vanilla man yeah yeah so the ladies have
their mail they're gonna open up
dear Mary congrats to you two on being
married to Andy you two are amazing
couple also your brother Isaac is cute
my little cousin is the name is Isaac
too dear Brittany you're up
you're awesome funny pretty and
beautiful and even though pretty and
beautiful is the same thing but but you
and Justin are a amazing couple and also
Daisy is so cute from Johnny yes this is
my little doggy that's awesome thanks
Johnny
we're trying to think of what to do for
the rest of the night and we have came
up with a brilliant idea
wait yes we have Kamath what are we
doing you have a leftover wedding
balloons and let me flow so that means
there's helium in um
the boys are trying their very hearted
ticket the balloons to the stars are in
the balloon down okay the ladies are
going to do helium and try and have a
conversation
they can't laugh or you fail you have to
have a spoon of mustard gas if you like
the every single day there has got the
ladies so did you tell us get your
homecoming dates yet yeah I just asked
Cynthia yesterday Cynthia is my sister a
jerk you both can't make her water
because good bye bye good bye
yeah so stay tuned guys hoverboard vlogs
are coming well we're back home and I am
in the gym now because lately we've been
working out at nighttime because during
the day we're doing a bunch of other
things so we've developed a nightly
workout routine and got the whole gym to
myself this evening this is just
fantastic
what am i doing dad dad dad dad
did
dad back in the apartment and just
looking over some comments and looks
like you guys liked and the other vlog
would mean Andrew kept switching cameras
throughout the vlog so I think we're
gonna start doing that what do you guys
say and also we're bringing back a
comment of the day I don't know why we
stopped that but we're bringing it back
and today's comment of the day is I've
become a more awkward person since I
started watching your videos that
doesn't make me laugh I mean I
you put hell help in so I'm assuming
that's a good thing you know being
awkward can be a good thing and a bad
thing
honestly we be awkward on purpose yeah
thanks for the comment real Nick like we
said earlier stay tuned because we're
doing we're gonna be doing a bunch of
cool hoverboard stuff so stay tuned and
enjoy the rest of your day or night
whatever you're watching this thanks for
watching
