good evening earthlings it's that time
again for you guys already know the deal
I don't need to explain it so let's just
jump right into it
his first notice from Annie she wrote a
letter for me and Justin Oh spit she
said she's been watching for two weeks
now and it was sad because it was the
anniversary of when her cat died and she
watched about 10 videos nothing Optima
she's our videos we made her laugh at
the faces we made we're new favorite
youtubers Sam and Mary for me and
Brittany and she print out this picture
she wants us to sign and sent back well
they're skateboarder yeah it's epic
she's 11 years old beautiful q for the
letter Annie for Jase view eyes only
dear Jesus videos hi my name is Darren
and I am 14 I've been watching your vids
for a little over a year my friend first
showed me you're eating on the library
bed and I truly enjoyed it although I'd
say my favorite videos are your daily
videos and on one of the many who loves
the toilet paper for it once congrats on
both your guys weddings and also Justin
with your new puppy Thanks glad to know
you both both you guys are Christians
also here's some money for Paul dandy
foundation he sent fifty sixty seventy
cents what thanks Garrett this letters
from Adrienne I've been watching her
Vince for seven months so cars are
amazing my favorite bit as loud as hey
how this animal fart ever
you guys do lots of fun stuff I can't
wait for your pills I have a question
for you guys what does Hawaii
it just means whatever you want boy a
it's just a sound like would you like
yeah
this Oh awesome beautiful good job
thanks to the letter man dear the real
life more Jase - I'm writing this in
language arts class so sorry if it's
short there are 1 billion reasons I like
your channel but that would take like
forever but my mom is sick huh I hope
you enjoy my mom's homemade caramel
apple but she is sick in her and I love
your vids and you make me so happy when
I am sad PS you're the best on YouTube
from Dinny
well how is there a caramel apple I
didn't find any caramel apple in the
letter darn it I wanted that but he said
this and this boy boy hey my name is
Jackie this is the second letter I sent
you last time I had read as a JZ Studios
picture I've been to try for a while I
found your pranks - searching funny
pranks and more tasty through Collins
key Wow you guys were so positive making
me smile you guys speak any other
languages olimpio mucho Pez con el ba√±o
that's all I know Laila can Aron
speak German kind of anyways you guys
are awesome she drew this picture oh
good good morning beagles yeah that is
beautiful look at that logo what the
heck I love it she wants us to sign this
and send it back ok thanks Jackie dear
Justin and Andy my name is Aiden nothing
from Pittsburgh and I would watch your
videos since you went to gamestop with
Kevin to get GTA 5 I think you guys are
for sure in the top 5 in the rankings
for the best youtubers by far your
videos are some of the funniest and most
creative and that's what makes them even
more entertaining every time I look at
my sub box help us see in new Jase dude
videos that has been uploaded or even a
more gesture video make sure you say hi
marry an errand for me Justin just
wanted to say Daisy is such an adorable
dog finally quick yes there's the
football cards and Paul Andy money thank
you well Aidan thank you for the kind
letter he has included a dollar for the
ball game with some more Broncos cards
Eddie Royal Calvin Johnson Tim Oh John
Emily wow they're nuts
thank you sir just next letters from
Matthew please do not read on the camera
relation letter Matthew dear crayons
this is another basic letter from a
person who sent you my pet quarter I
bought one of your shirts and I was so
excited
but yesterday I checked my email and it
said July 20 really dad couldn't you
have made a quicker arrival I am sorry
that I said can I have your autographs
and you sent nothing but I did send a
return envelope and I guess nothing came
I sent you another one and included a
stamp in the envelope that this letter
is in right now I have a I'm having a
staring contest with a watermelon I'm a
turkey just kidding ha I got you homeboy
hey Chris by the way I'm sorry I sent
you crayons and I may not be your odd
nuts favorite colors from brandish
currently they've been sending back his
letter she sent us okay now it's August
17th a day for my bday and they still
haven't sent it
they sent it back for literally no
reason I even put a proper amount of
stamps and everything I'm gonna keep
sending this dad yeah well I am so glad
it finally reached us and sorry for the
trouble but thank you for the letter hue
my name is Christy I'm 14 in l.o.v.e
your vids my favorites are the camping
ones I recently had surgery on my back
due to me having school uses I'm doing
much better though
you're busy always okay left please tell
Andrew hi for me hi as well as Maria
Britney kept Jacob and the rest of the
gang my brother is in boot camp right
now when I feel sad about my brother
being boot camp I watch your vids here's
one of my favorite bible verses and I
hope you guys like it I can do all
things through Christ who gives me
strength amen here is the picture and we
will autograph that for you and send it
back I hope you feel better from your
surgeries
dear Justin a Jew I really like your
vids a lot in my favorite football team
as the Broncos my favorite visit all
paper for I now what y'all should do a
two story toilet paper for my mom and
dad just got a divorce
so I sent this letter for my mom's
apartment and my name is body huh my
name is body by the way yes here is
seven dollars for bald Andy
how close are y'all before Andy goes
bald girl just need that mil subs guys
don't open till after your meat is it
actually it what seven bucks for the
pony Wow save this on camera
hello my name is zing I've been watching
for a couple months I subscribed to both
channels my hair Andrew I wanted Rasmus
to stay longer I live in Colorado thanks
same dear Justin Andy I love your videos
because you guys inspire people to their
dreams come true and do believe in
yourself also can you guys do a fan
meetup in downtown Denver
it would be so great to meet you guys
but bring Aaron and Brittany and Mary
and Daisy too and keep making awesome
videos psy 8 from amp next up we have
four bald Andy foundation for sense nice
also this wait hey well thank you Anne
- Andrew Justin hi Amy and Justin I love
your kids are awesome this is my first
fan mail
you're my favorite youtubers best
pranksters in the world not only do I
love your pranks I love the new squad
videos - my trip of prank is lobbying
library here's $100 for Baldini
foundation i'm andrew in bounds we trust
oh that's nice in a box right there yeah
that's so kind of you do Plus this
drawing
ooh yes please thank you sir dear Justin
Andrew Britney Mary Aaron's Buford dairy
Daisy and their whom it may concern
hello sandwiches remember me I am Jo
Sean the guy that sent you the Shia
LaBeouf picture when I heard that Justin
accidentally erased the fan mail video
which contained my letter I was really
bummed I am sorry about that
but then I realized I cannot be mad at
you guys why you two have become such an
inspiration and have literally become
part of my life every day I go check for
vlogs and on Wednesdays for pranks and
the first thing they do is hit the like
button you got to be kidding me that is
fantastic to hear you guys are still
awesome
I've even considered naming my future
son Justin no joke hey that's a good
name I say I only wish you guys the best
and keep up the amazing work please
answer the questions below all right by
the way he sent these insane yo are you
guys planning on getting black ops 3 or
Star Wars Battlefront Battlefront
Battlefront for sure I'm not
black ops how old are you guys and when
are your birthday's I am 22 and my
birthday is June 5th
I'm 24 my birthday is August 14th what
was or is your most anticipated movie of
2015 mine Star Wars The Force awakens
the same mine was I don't know I was
really looking forward to seeing the
Scorch Trials The Maze Runner which are
then Star Wars yes no way I don't know
man Dhar Wars is it's not my fav do you
guys gotta go see the Scorch Trials it's
big god bless you guys
delight thyself also in the Lord and he
shall give thee the desires of thine
heart Psalms 37:4
yes thank you Joe Sheen Joe Shawn also
he sent these what this is a whore
Andrew yep it what does it say this man
of steel that's a bracelet hi P Street
on video I'm Gavin I have sent you a
later before I had been watching for one
year you guys are the best and keep down
with vlogs and pranks the best prank was
falling in public prank you should do
those again I found you by searching
home buddy in place Andrew don't go bald
I think you're I think you're here is
cool you're the best ever
you're swaggy i I made up that word that
was random well got the goal by by Gavin
and he drew this at the bottom how he
sings oh nice it's really cool thanks
Gavin we have no idea what to expect
it's another package from Jonah if you
guys watch our every fan mail vlog in
the last vlog this Jonas sent well it
was $80 or something furball that
something like this is a big blow
what dude what are you okay what no
there's a letter but what wait no we
can't but you have to read letter no why
do Jace do I have another great surprise
because I really want Andrew to go ball
I think Rasmus looks a little bit like
Sam Smith and Andrew so bald yes really
you'll look a whole lot better don't be
scared try new things don't give it back
haha Andrew bye bye hair a lot of ones
but this is just a wad of cash still
kinda in shock right now
but we were just talking about we want
to make sure that if you guys are
sending us money that if it's okay with
your parents like if you are young and
you're sending us money just make sure
it's you're not taking their money and
getting permission okay yes it's going
to a good cause so keep that much yeah
we didn't want you guys to know if you
didn't already we're not taking any of
this money we're going to be using all
of the ball to Andy foundation money to
a good cause
and once we hit 1 million subscribers on
Jase new studios Angela will be going
bald and all of the money that you guys
have been donating we are gonna make a
big like video of us doing something
with the money like donating to a
fundraiser doing something like that
which we're gonna figure out but yeah
you have any foundations that you like
leave a comment what is up guys expert
thief here because you can call me XT
triple og and it's time for another
episode of oh wait this is Jason studios
never mind just want to say that offend
you guys because I'm a long time subject
Kevin Channel there's one thing you guys
for making videos every day for me so I
voted for you guys for the Streamy award
and you guys said that you're going to
the Grand Canyon I flipped because I was
going at the same time also but I was
sad because I couldn't find you guys
oh my back out for my phone is the
mortgage to logo if you noticed that
Andy's name was first it's because he's
my fav youtuber ever Thank You Blake and
thanks for everybody who voted for us
for the streamys god we didn't win
unfortunately oh yes
put it in this big bag hey beans I had a
question I would like answered in a fan
mail what is your favorite and least
favorite thing about each other
what Oh No Justin's goofy but sometimes
the smells no I don't changer is very
awkward this has something you like or
don't like he's married very funny
so it makes me be funny too and he isn't
bald yet Oh
also you should do another point a video
from Amanda and look at this she just
put some stickers on here Wow favorite
video you've done well yeah we have a
lot I don't know
Andrew you should get a mohawk instead
of going bald I haven't closed $500 for
the Andy Mohawk foundation oh yes I have
to write my fan on index cards because
it's the only thing I could find that
fits in this small envelope I have the
last toilet paper for was epic can you
give my sister Alyssa a shout-out Alyssa
from dan hey Justin Ange I don't know if
you remember me but I'm the one who sent
the picture with the caption saying dad
I knew it would make you guys laugh I
like it when Justin does his little kid
voice and with Amy burps and farts
unexpected please PS Margaret what
happened jump you trying to feed me wow
you remember that hue-hue
I have two smelly coos Broncos begin a
hashtag poo right how do these two
little things says mortgage do and this
is oi a whoa furnace-like dan dear
Justin and Andrew I love your vids and I
love your blogs I like the one that you
adopt the puppy and the one pretend to
sneeze on people by angel
PS keep calm and hoiding case new studio
thanks so much Angela this I think is
from Bradley please let Justin read this
I sent fan mail last time and I was back
because you're the best
hey I'm supposed to read this oh my bad
that's I sent that coin for bald Andy
this coin has the ten commandments on it
can both Annie please check out my
channel and then I can't see what that
says at all
so I'm sorry more just you is the best
YouTube and Justin thanks for the letter
please read the whole letter on camera
not part of it dear J dog
Justin and Ruru Andrew hi my name is
bachi Gallucci
do the chicken dance on camera right now
wow this one is for Ruru cartwheel into
j-dog I'm filming so ant here is 72
cents for the Ruru with a mullet
foundation well that was the most random
letter I've ever seen in my life
yes in Anjou sorry if I spoke to them
wrong I've been watching your piss for a
year please make more vids
they're awesome say hi to Brittany she
is pretty I'm 12
showers extra thief keep on doing good
work boy thanks Omar do you just need
your hello my name is Andrew and I am 10
years old I love to watch your videos I
have seen almost every video of yours
are you serious
but that's an accomplishment I started
subscribing to your channel
ever since your silly-string sneezing
video and when Justin called Andrew a
beach whale in a sky Zone video I just
died out laughing please make more
videos please check out my channel as
well here's a quarter
yes yes we appreciate the support
my name is Matthew and I'm 11 I've been
watching it fits for four months and
pretty much watch all your vids you guys
always make me laugh when I watch one of
your pranks thanks for making another
toilet paper for it's been a long time
here's for the VAF ball the indie
foundation he said our that's epic okay
and it says Chris Andrew Justin Brittany
Daisy Aaron I sexy Eric good this was a
drawing a spike ball I feel very good
rendition nice so thanks Matthew
what a high just do me and my cousin are
obsessed with your videos and I'm
writing this and as I'm watching a video
of yours it would be amazing if you guys
would read this on a video and if you
could send me an autograph for my cousin
his birthday is coming up soon thank you
for reading 10 year old charisma well
charisma here's the pitcher you sent us
me and you have signed it
and there's a picture of me you want to
make you son
so thanks dear Justin and Angie hi guys
I'm a subscriber on both channels
I love the can you see me prank when I
wrote this I was in my first period
study hall what's your favorite band
mine is the Bee Gees made some fanart on
that back from Garrett Wow - so you guys
are getting awesome with the drownings
nature's a letter Garrett dear Justin
Andrew aka Frank Rose I am aid in 911
I've been watching for three years I
love the seer in the library prank as do
we
I am subscribed to you on both channels
Andy I wish the best for you and Mary
the time I found you was when you did
dry ass fun with Kevin and you inspired
me to do a toilet paper for but my mom
would not let me what what thank you for
taking the time out of your day to read
this letter
welcome have you ever been to Estes Park
Colorado yes uh-huh
it's beautiful also 85 cents for the
bald
Andy foundation only oh yeah I mean it
clear thank goodness
well Aidan thank you my name is Bailey
I've been watching your vids for one
year now that like when you've got your
puppy also I'll have money for the
Baldini foundation so yeah oh I also
live in Colorado Springs and be cool
people isn't it vid yes here's my number
call me it would be so happy if I don't
answer I'm most likely in school so yeah
that's okay
thanks Bailey all right apparently we
have to read fast it's important hello
my name is Michael asani
and my birthday is coming up soon that's
it that's it he wants to send us to send
him an autograph okay Mike dear Mike
they'll send you autographs now watch
gets of war gem it's watching two years
Hey what I love you guys Sam
friend requests on xbox360 from Kyle I
have Xbox 360 so sorry Kyle but you did
drop this so oh thanks man
hey guys you guys are so funny at
pranking my favorite prank is the dog
dragged through one Tom Mason and if
you're this that bacon is so good yeah
Bacon's good oh is that a dog thanks
Grayson Justin in Arthur to our buddies
at Jase - first off you're probably
wondering why I put Arthur so the bandra
on the envelope I wonder this year we
actually a female video anyway I've been
watching you guys for the past two
months I've seen almost all your vlogs
are you praying cent boy am i happier
than ever my hobbies are at grocery
shopping and eating that sounds like a
good hobby to me you do not have
permission to send back any letters give
my best at Brittany and new oops I'm in
married there's also a picture of paint
Manning with us on his forehead with dad
dad you're on this picture there's an
honoring just beautiful
your Justin Andy thanks for reading my
mail on the last fan mail my after
school teacher mean devil piggy yeah she
has gotten worse here's a pic of your
logo sincerely Colin wait in more juice
dude go bald Andy
John 3:16 for God so loved the world he
gave His only Son that whoever believes
in Jesus shall be safe amen
thanks Colin yes I'm this letter it
looks like they're all from the same
person
Mary Britney you I just like say she
this is the first letter to actual Mary
sights I know that is awkward but
Brittany and Mary aren't here right now
so we'll save them yeah yeah
go there's deer Andy my name is John I
have been in previous females Congrats
on your wedding thanks man
and also Hawaii I've been subscribed
since the very first video with Kevin
you inspired me to talk in front of the
kin also here my favorite sayings hey
dad get that camera out of my face
do you have any tips for being a good
blogger yeah from Johnny
yes Hawaii I would say just be yourself
that's a good advice there Johnny said
the same thing basically in my letter he
said do the baby food challenge he's
gonna send a package soon and he wants
us to do an hour-long vlog one day you
guys want to see an hour-long vlog well
we have finished letters go down to
packages I'm starting with this green
fella
dear Andrew just my name is Nicholas I'm
11 years old and from California I
watched your channel for about five
months and while looking at videos of
toilet paper forts I came across to your
channel and started watching your videos
weekly what I love your videos here's a
dollar for the ball of any foundation
photographs he also sent some items why
on earth is that what is this it looks
like marshmallows but a really unique
marshmallow the sushi marshmallows a
beautiful flower or wow yeah that's
really this is what dandy
ooh okay I'm guessing that's candy as
well another flower a mother can you
please Oh talk about this jackpot I
never like seen any of these before
oh these are kind of good though but
well we'll be trying these soon at the
end
dear Borges do I have been watching your
videos for only in a few years and they
are very funny
my favorite video is on the toilet paper
at Fort once my name is Bobby I'm 12
here is three dollars oh cool all
quarters yeah a lot of stuff in here
what's he wants us to sign this and send
it back Padre Padre dad dad boy a and
cool font whoa what's that you made like
this wood thing you put on the door or
something yeah and also some Oh random
Tibbets
put it in the snack pile yes
thanks Bobby hi guys my name is Jack I'm
from Iowa I watch all your vids in his
favorite video as when we went camping
and we floated down the river with
floaties that was fun I wondered that
again me too I also watch your prank
videos love the drive-thru helium's you
guys are my favorite youtubers and I
will Vaught watch your videos until the
end from Jack more snacks whoa Jack
bracelet why lucky Oh a pencil with the
xse tarts did you Jack what are you guys
are aliens sandy we're 13 11 I have we
come from Manchester in England have you
been watching your videos even though
you only been watching about four months
beating Lucy in every video because we
wanted to catch up in all your funny
vids what by the way we are three
brothers we have sent you some sweets
from Pakistan what I've never had
Pakistan sweets either but before we
threw the sweets
let's check out this oh yeah at the
skateboard and then this holy hey
there's like this bag full of them and
then there's also these spiders this
with Pakistan snakes and there's also
these like thanks least hoppy snacks oh
okay there we go thank you so much guys
ah nuts you guys are hilarious whoa
money's falling out of here
we love your guys vlogs and pranks you
guys are absolutely awesome and wish you
luck I'm 1 million subs on both channels
on both channels that would be insane we
may include some things in this fan mail
so I hope you enjoy them we also love
how you guys always favorite retweet and
reply to people on Twitter that's what
we do
they sent us two dollars and two cents
and a bag of golden chocolate nuggets
tastes of the black hills from South
Dakota oh that looks good with these
Sheriff we're both sheriff's your yeah
give me that hey you guys my name is
Riley you guys are my favorite youtubers
I will shake your channel for new bids
by drawing up an elephant with a tootsie
roll just in the chip I am NOT a chip
bald Andrew here in jail telling a lie
put on t-shirt just an elephant okay
thank you Andy bald Andy foundation one
penny so that's excellent oh it's a dime
just kidding I would laugh my butt off
if that happened well it will happen so
well thanks Riley three packages remain
I don't know which one to choose though
this one's so coarse from Japan has all
these stamps this has cool tape and this
is Justin this
it's really light I think this one's
from Puerto Rico we love all the stamps
on here and stickers you put but all
right yeah I have I have faith in you
Japan looks like you guys sent us snacks
please redeem yourself please redeem
yourself let's begin don't know what
this is plumping crunky whatever crunky
is galvo mini again no idea a chocolate
thing black thunder something's in
English what is this Japanese play money
yep yes dear Justin tan injured here are
some super sour Japanese Oh me boshy
dried pickled plums wanted other fun
stuff I found you guys a week of a week
and a half ago by searching staring at
people because Japanese people always
stare at me so I want to see how to deal
with that the reason I couldn't stop
watching guys other than the fact that
your videos are hilarious and make me
laugh more than I've laughed in the
years is because Andrew sort of looks
like and has some of the same mannerisms
as an old good friend of mine here's the
chicken oh you guys be the judge
focus I don't know I mean I guess kind
of yeah but that's yeah anyways for the
vids and laughs from Amy PS Erin looks
like Heinrich fine huh you don't have to
look at mug however that is how you guys
like chick-fil-a and stuff Brittany
likes fashion and stuff but what the
world does marry like what is she really
into just curious Mary loves math she's
going to school to be an aerospace
engineer and she just loves it so there
you go this handwriting is insane you
look like one of the best hand
I've ever seen yeah how'd you fit that
all that piece of paper thank you Amy
but feel that there's nothing in here
what a lot Jase - my name is Ray Charles
I'm from Puerto Rico I've been watching
your vids for about two months I really
like the channel you guys are awesome
that makes whatever videos are very
funny I don't miss any blog video I also
was wondering if you guys can come to
Puerto Rico eventually yes
sure I'm waiting for you guys movie that
is coming on October wish you the best
on your channel it kind of broke but
it's a coke vehicle oh my god the back
wheels fell off but school says it
vehicle chase to the Colorado flag and
the Puerto Rico flag was gonna flying
says hi eh
that is awesome that's cool yeah thanks
so much for sending that Wow yes you it
looks like stretched out or something I
like huge you can get this in a video
that would be great hi my name is a Gina
AJ and I live in Illinois I've been
watching videos for about three months
and they're always funny the reason why
I started watching videos is because I
looked up to a paper form and you guys
were the first on it so I started
watching it and it was hilarious I
started watching your other blogs here
is $5 for the bald Andy foundation yay
yes sir
and these little bites
what party cakes yum well AJ thanks for
watching the videos and thanks for
sending as a package then did I die
pickled plums I assume I ain't eat
pickles they're plums
just too late for Theo I got it I've
been there very salty and sweet but this
is a lot better than the fish crap we've
gotten yeah
let's I don't like it
Japan you're starting to redeem yourself
Teddy heard we were getting into snacks
and now he wants some gal bo Minnie's
like a little purple knobs
I just doesn't piss like anything
there's no flavor
well yeah what's the point yeah it's not
Babbitt there's nothing it tastes like
nothing this is just like a typical
chocolate bar of sorts this looks like
gold you know there's little rocks
it's like Hershey's much mother's but is
it small you only taste like hanging
just tastes like a fruity blob peckem
delicious and the south
it's nasty this is the opposite of
delicious
if I were to describe what Pakistan
tastes like it made this life not
delicious no it's better Wow
I'm trying a wish Oh yikes do not bite
into that
yuck is ding dong from Pakistan
apparently this is gum it's just just
like your stereotypical gum little bites
just a muffin basically well that's it
for the vlog today folks the fan mail
thanks for watching
I guess we'll see you later thanks for
setting us up the bike milk
