good morning everybody before we start
the vlog we have an announcement to make
andrew recently got a new vlog camera
which is right here
whoa so we're gonna be starting to film
the vlog on his camera so why don't we
switch over to your angle let's go
whoa whoa hey yeah
hey guys so it's really cool meri got me
this camera for a birthday slash wedding
present
for me from her so thanks Mary yeah that
camera is sick like a lot of other
youtubers use that yeah it's nice so
we're at we're getting mail for the fan
mail today and doing a fan mail video
yeah let's go looks like we got two
letters you know the craps Mary sites
Wow bring Stuart Andrew sites
Justin staire's oh it's got a personal
letter oh yeah my mom usually comes and
picks up the fan mail for us so it's all
probably all her yeah just got the panel
the final remains yes
well guys we just finished opening
female that's probably like a hour and a
half two hours of that but if you watch
the fan mail video here's the bald Andy
bag from the fan mail Great Scott this
somebody sent a wad of just cash to
believe that and so this is gonna be
great for the foundation yes for Becky
oh thanks sound ation is growing every
day because of you guys lunch time huh I
got a spicy chicken sandwich from
chick-fil-a I didn't get too much cuz
I'm going to my grandma's tonight for
dinner
Wow ciao I'll walk back but
can't eat much Graham is making steak no
I have an apple I had some other food
Mary made me lunch I'm very excited
YUM there's pizza a really yummy bar in
there why you might be asking why are we
eating in the park
cuz I have are we in a car this sucks
desperate I I haven't ate since
breakfast and now it's 320mm
must eat now that lunch is done right
King Soopers we're gonna do something
really fun oh it's windy yeah the Pooh
here we are take your guesses at what
we're gonna do pumpkins
these are five that cost five bucks and
this cost five bucks yeah that please
holy this guy is huge are they all five
bucks well Wow get the biggest one you
can get then we got our pumpkins
pumpkins but no roof I just had a tumor
looks so weird smells like a boys locker
room in here we're trying to figure out
why it smells so bad
Oh a long time ago you remember we went
falling with a bunch of pumpkin baskets
we still have those and Justin just got
it from his mom's house dude why don't
you tell them what's happening what
we're doing those are we kind of
confusing but we have a bow and arrow
and you know those pumpkins we just
bought we got a bunch of practices yeah
they got the safety tips but I'm sure
this will penetrate through a pumpkin
yeah if we have enough power so we're
gonna set them up and draw a little
target on here should be fun I thinking
Sandra can get this ring on it's so hard
because there's so much tension are you
gonna break it
nope we did it that's perfect
it's nice to set up our targets well
first I need to draw a target on my
pumpkin all you want to see something
else
what so we got to have the archer hey I
didn't know you had a glove for this
stuff yeah dude
our protective eye goggles thank you
that way you can grip this and it don't
hurt oh but do this that's a good
pumpkin yeah what are you wearing this
is my archery training gear goggles my
archery hat a lot of colors here I'm
going to make my target in this area but
mine's gonna be a unique target it's a
diamond
what yeah don't even joke around dude
this is great this off-centered that's
okay that looks pretty good
yeah thickened up the line so you can
see from a distance
all right I got my gear on I'm half
soldier half backwards hat boy
and we got our targets ready let's take
a look at this guy plus 250 all right we
got the okay shot zone the pretty good
shot zone and then the shoe here zone so
now we have to reset it look yeah all
right we have our target range set up I
think it looks pretty good
what do you say we got this backboard
here just we don't know if these arrows
will blast through the neighbors fence
but Andrews up first holy crap that
scared me
yeah I don't know how far away this is
but I'd say it's about 25 feet but we
don't ever do this so knows how good
Andrew as always we have the slo-mo cam
gonna get some beautiful slow-mo shots
hopefully of us hitting the pumpkin all
right so he has ten practice darts we
each get five shots we're gonna see who
gets the best score good luck thank you
they don't mess up
it's going right these are very powerful
you just gotta adjustment ah this is a
fourth shot ah you're going down Oh
we've ran into a little bit of a problem
I put the back up here but we missed I
missed it still went through it though
I'm just hoping you can beat me right
dude come on man
yeah oh
look like your height on AIM oh wow what
the heck
look how many points that would have
been standing a little closer now all
right to Jurassic Park
its back I woulda hit him that girls a
zombie true true oh yes dad you got it
points oh man at least you know if
you're about to be eaten you can get a
kill shot
I only take shots when they're
point-blank you've heard goo food so
you're going to dinner now yeah
grandma's making dinner for the fam'ly
is gonna be leaving soon so we're just
gonna hang fam hang right see a swimming
blog okay goodbye well just more target
practice here and gets back from soccer
so bye Aaron's home from soccer practice
which means he gets to try the archery
challenge we have the slow-mo camera
recording let's see if you can hit the
pumpkin from this distance shot and
honestly call yours this is not going to
be good
Wow good shot Aaron uh you're on the
line doesn't count
I made him bleed Aaron did a shot and it
split the log in half I thought for sure
the pumpkin was gonna split and the
pumpkin was gonna fall off but that's
some Robin Hood crap right there making
hamburgers for dinner
YUM we also have this cornbread you
slice it like bread like this and boy oh
boy is it good now let's see what
Justin's having for dinner
Justin thanks Andrew let me show you
guys my grandma got prepared for dinner
don't be bashful
who we got for dinner here we have
grilled chicken breast fed up with
pepper jack cheese wrap and that's just
the main course I already told you it's
heaven Oh had us a little slice with
asparagus and bishops
wok salad bean oh well guys we didn't
really vlog much that grandma's house
because we're just spending time with
the family my sister's leaving for like
five months or something like that like
a lot a long time and so we just we're
just hanging out on times like those
that you know you don't really need to
blog so that's what happened and I
wanted to show you Brittany's beautiful
fall art project
look at this pumpkin she just did such a
good job
look at you you will artist you know
it's I did you tell him it's blue well I
did a guy a Pinterest liked it
and it came out to be a huge fail so
that's definitely not like justice she
on her Channel I know I think it's
pretty cool yes I got to we're teaching
Daisy to play fetch I think it's gone
okay okay did you get full yes boy and
she wants me yeah
stop it but I think that's it for us now
here is Andrew to end today's vlog
Andrew why don't you take it away well
that's about all for today's video
thanks for watching I hope you were
entertained I think we need to take some
archery lessons what do you guys think
now that it's fall time are there any
activities that you guys want to see us
do leave ideas in the comments so we can
see them also check out this sick
blanket that Mary and I got for a
wedding present whoa I love it yeah
that's it we'll see you guys tomorrow
bye
you're afraid of the dark
you
