hey guys so if you didn't know we
recently have been getting into
challenge battles with some other
pranksters we challenged the big DAWs
Andrew Hales and DJ to eat a habanero
pepper in the library which they did
all right
number two and then after they completed
our challenge they challenged us to do
this Jase to the child is easy mean
Andrew challenge you guys to eat a
hundred Oreos you have one week but
eating Oreos that's for babies come on
really eating Oreos that's it just
eating Oreos so we're taking their
challenge to the next level why don't
you tell them what we're doing well we
got the Oreos in a little box here on
box Oreos twelve packs but as you can
see that's not something else a bunch of
Legos
why do we have a bunch of Legos you
might ask well did you know when you're
a kid and you step on that nose it
really hurts yeah yeah we've all been
through that we're at a baseball diamond
today
okay so we have changed the rules up a
little bit
what'd you tell them well it's a lot
more painful in the concrete than it is
in the dirt so what we're going to do is
do the 40-yard dash which leads straight
to the end of the ball diamond here and
then in each base we're gonna have a
packet of Oreos so you got to run first
eat your packet or the second you done a
packet on the third eat another packet
mm-hmm yo you win yeah we're going to
time this obviously but I just measured
40 feet 40 regular steps so this is not
gonna be good
whoa we actually received this in the
fan mail so I'm glad this is coming in
handy and third base one for you one for
me
here we are Justin's first get the
slow-mo camera set up here so you're
ready
alright have no idea how this feels so I
just do three two one go
alright three two one go
oh my gosh normals there oh
I'm never eating Orioles again
come on you can do it I may have to take
a penalty I mean you're gonna try and
get through okay that's it there's five
left in this box all right okay fish
wrong nope hog whoa you did it all right
I have completed the challenge somewhat
and now it's Andrews turn how do you
feel are you ready are you mentally
prepared I have no idea what to expect
it seemed like the Legos hurt and the
Oreos hurt as well so it's just too many
Oreos you'll see are you ready yes we
will begin in three two one go
you drop into the OREA wait I like dirt
I just love oreos
please my hands are sweaty this is
costing me precious minutes come on
I think that's all you did it how do you
feel uh like I'm gonna puke eat please
just needs an IV full of milk we can
probably get you that okay I'll be here
now the only problem is we're gonna have
to pick all this up it's going to take
like years yeah I'll be in the car
waiting well we were back home now by
now you probably know the score of me
and a Juris time because we still don't
know what time we got exactly but what's
the plan now the plan is to challenge
three other youtubers we're going to
challenge big DAWs toady from angry
picnic and DJ boat prank
DJ you still have to do the habanero
challenge we're waiting for it what we
don't know why you're slacking but um so
out of you three guys whoever gets the
best score we will send a gift card to
you so you better give your best effort
if you want to get this gift card try
hard when I'm messing around that's it
though for today guys if you guys want
us to do another Lego challenge we have
some other ideas so leave a like and I
guess is that it hmm I think so yeah
yeah there's a new prank up on our main
channel so if you haven't seen that yet
go check it out link will be in the
description and we'll see you guys next
time
god
and we're gonna put ghost pepper sauce
on the Xavier
she
