howdy guys how's it going today's vlog
is going to be insane because me and
Brittany are going to Skylab tonight if
you don't know what Skylab is it's
basically this giant concert it's up in
Denver you can call it a rave whatever
you want to call it it's a bunch of like
EDM artists that are all coming together
for like two days and playing at the
theater and honestly me and Brittany
have never been to a concert like this
before I've been to regular like small
concerts but nothing like this they got
a bunch of huge bands playing and it's
just gonna be awesome and the reason why
we're going one obviously we love this
type of music and want to go but two we
know one of the artists that are playing
there tonight and we're gonna be taking
pictures for I'm doing some video and
you guys will get to meet him as well
but yeah I just I'm just a target right
now getting some snacks for the trip up
cuz the theaters like an hour and a half
away so we're about to head up
I just picked up Brittany how excited
are you for Skylab tonight very I've
never been like the only concert that
I've ever been to was the Zoe girl and
jump five really that was like so this
is gonna be in jail
we just parks got here I think it's just
starting now it started at 7:00 and it
goes till 2:00 a.m. which we're
definitely not staying now we just got
to meet our friend and get in this joint
but me and Brittany are already getting
some weird vibes about this concert I
don't know it's just like walking around
there's people just like it looks like
they're just wearing like bikinis some
of that is just not necess
that's good Minik I have a noise because
we looked up the definition I don't know
this but it's a basically a concert
where people go to dance and do drugs
and drink like what so here's the line
there's a giant line of people but we're
not going in general mission because
we're gonna be backstage with the group
we're going to be back door well we have
officially made a backstage and they
gave us two wristbands VIP and artist
wristbands and I would like to introduce
you guys to our friend Trevor what's up
guys how's it going man
doing fantastic so why don't you just
tell everybody like what you do sure
about definitely alright music I've been
writing music since I was I've been
playing piano since second grade
instrument since then started writing
music towards the elementary school and
then really started producing three four
years ago ish and yeah ever since says
great right music playing shows trying
to take it to the next level you live
here in Colorado - how can people find
you uh SoundCloud Facebook everywhere so
I go my set the sky which weird story
actually as far as how that all came
together
it's actually really cheesy story but
I'm sitting on sitting on my car
dropping some friends off at a house and
waiting for the other friends to show up
I'm sitting on the car just like looking
up wondering what it would be like if
the sky made sense you know what I mean
like what would that sound like would it
be like individual teach person would it
be something that everybody heard the
same would it be music sounds I don't
know but intrigued by the idea so just
kind of stuck ever since sensing dude
that's awesome I love the name
and like I said before we've played a
lot of his songs like at the end of our
vlogs so you guys have heard them before
but I'll leave like all these links in
the description I'll include some of
this music in this blog which you'll
hear where he's going to be performing
for like an hour so we're gonna get like
a bunch of sick like footage and behind
the scenes stuff and now I want to give
you guys a backstage tour of the stage
oh we got the squad here how is he so
tall you guys the stage and this this
we're at US First Bank Center if you
ever want balloons for your party these
globe balloons are the way to go my
goodness
hey st a are bang you get nervous bro
listen don't talk about it
he's going on guys
is
cuz I'm falling hurry
you
well guys that's it for the concerts we
only stayed for said disguise
Trevor his set what a insanely amazing
experience that was like one of the
funnest conscious I've ever been to and
I didn't even we weren't even in the
crowd I've never done that before and
I've never honestly shot anything like
that before and i'm so excitedly yeah
she got some sick pics
yeah so you guys seriously need to check
out that's that this guy like yeah what
a nice guy well we'll definitely be
hanging out with him more but if you
guys like good music go check out his
stuff links will be in the description
he needs more support because he really
deserves it he's insane
well it's time to head back home it's
ten o'clock now this this joint goes
till 2 a.m.
yeah 2 a.m. I bet it's gonna get crazy
when Martin garrix goes on stage since
he's pretty big
we can't stay that long one day though
we need to stay the whole time yeah sure
Oh finally back home and it's almost
midnight
pretty tired we had to let Daisy out
since she's been chilling at home while
we're at the party
well we were at the concert well folks
I'm gonna gonna go to bed now but thanks
so much for coming along with us today
hanging out with us make sure you guys
give this video a thumbs up if you want
to see us do more stuff like this and
shout out to Trevor said the sky for
getting us into the event and letting us
do what we did in this vlog I couldn't
have done it without him so we
appreciate it man I guess we will see
you guys tomorrow
good bye
