what's up everybody and welcome back to
for Friday we have an epic video for you
we're doing our first overnight
challenge at a place we never done an
overnight challenge before we're here at
dart Wars which is an indoor nerf
battlefield and it's cool because
today's video is actually sponsored by a
lineage to revolution and they just
announced a new feature open siege and
fortress siege on multiplayer out now
check it out link is in the description
Apple Android all your devices covered
so thanks guys for sponsoring us let's
get inside and show you guys what's
happening so we are out front right now
here we are dart Wars I don't know if
you guys have ever heard of an indoor
nerf battlefield arena but yeah those
exist so we got all our stuff we got our
nerf guns masks sleeping bag bag fall
clothes oh this is gonna be a fun night
okay guys so we're in the party room
right now check out we got a whole table
to ourselves we're putting stuff she got
players already playing so should we
like join in yeah I think they even have
like some more custom guns to that he
mentioned cuz our guns are we didn't
bring our custom guns Andrew you brought
what did you bring the lights I did
bring lights yes yeah we can use these
like when once a they close down we
might explore oh yes you're not gonna
believe this they're letting us use some
of their custom Arsenal weapons so just
check this out good I haven't seen oh if
there's nerve good they said this one's
modded so check this out
now how powerful it is but you can hear
that's pretty good pretty good when we
got here this is like a custom steampunk
a shooter with the holster there's huge
sword that wow this seems like a sword
you find and lineage to revolution am i
right Andrew oh you were right
oh all right ready listen to this and
this is a James Bond purse he said so
yeah what get up that's that's pretty
cool I think we're pretty said so far so
as you can guys can kind of hear in the
background they're actually still open
it's not after hours yet so we're gonna
get a few games in against a few pros
this guy's sword you see it I'm gonna
get a zoom in can he be on our team
Jimbo's andrew is the commander he gets
a gun we all get sword
check out his weapon whoa that thing is
big with torque this is gonna be fun
so we got a custom mod at nerf gun why'd
you tell them about what you did here
pretty much it's just uh i rewired the
whole thing I put 1/32 motors inside of
a worker cage canid wheels and the
turning off of the 2s
have you guys ever seen some like this
this is epic I think Oh Adrian you're
still playing that game yeah put Lydians
down and help they're closing down now
everyone basically going home so it's
time to da mo our guns this is how you
properly DMO rival looks like they're
packing up yeah a few of the employees
by the way guys if you didn't know
lineage to revolution is a massive
MMORPG game for your phone so that's why
we love it because you don't really see
those type of games on your phone now so
we showed you the flashlights but we
didn't show you what we got
these are sheep sets we got four of them
because we're gonna build a huge four
out of the cardboard boxes and the
sheets it's gonna be awesome
I don't know if you guys could realize
but in there they all of those like
bunkers are made out of cardboard we can
move them around we're gonna be like the
best castle fort thing you ever seen so
here's where we are right now the car
Springs it's just past 10:00 and look
they just closed and we're still here I
just noticed they're turning up all the
light and you're gonna turn this light
off though they're gonna see us oh wait
oh yeah dude all the lights out here
they're turning them off so may just
left
oh yeah oh yes
I'm attaching an attack light I'm ready
ice we have to be quiet though wait
don't turn this is so cool do it at
night there's a nerf gun arena this is
sick let's go back over here hurry run
well here we go oh yes this was like a
bit of a second arena Zayn yeah hey we
should do some more exploring later I'm
kind of hungry you yes yeah should we
order some food just you know every time
we do a fort we have to get food any 4
equals snacks
alright let's do this no snacks no fun
what is this are those the wings I don't
get it oh it's cold good please was this
giving you the energy for nerfing yes
okay let's get back to exploring all
right so this nerf gun arena has two
separate arenas so we're in one right
now it's so dark in here without the
light where are you
does this feel so get door to the next
arena but if you get them both amok push
one of the doors keep going yes hahaha
yes we did it now can you open this one
this is so sick
now we got a huge arena oh yes okay we
got to find the actual light switch why
you enough to use our flashlights you
know like flashlights
no he's just door
maybe the main light switch or something
is back here ah oh we got all the guns
this is sweet
oh this is like the lounge we got this
you can like make some custom mods what
is this
strobing speed but that sounds like a
light to me shine the light now what do
we push dude it's a black light is there
more aha dude there across this whole
thing you just gotta like see ya there's
another one right here come on
yeah and here's what it looks like
completely glowed out whoa all right
here's the plan we're gonna try and
build something that you would find in
lineage 2 revolution since they just
came out with the new siege mode we're
gonna build some castles to make it look
like that what are you doing up there a
little under there oh this is like a
little fort in here whoa dude like our
should we build like a castle like
around it around this yes it's right
like the highest peak yes okay let's get
back down and build so we've built some
cardboard box sports before but Oh
shields but the reason why this is the
coolest is that these are actually
cardboard boxes that they have taped so
like they're not gonna break they're not
gonna mess up and we have all different
sizes and them in all the room too
okay so we are making some seriously
cool progress right now this is the
front of it so cool I'm like literally
starting to think that this is going to
be the coolest Ford we've ever built
look at all the cardboard in just this
room that we still have to use so we
finished the first castle now we're
building in a second castle in the other
room we are gonna have a siege fortress
battle where I'm in one castle and
ancien in the other we're gonna get our
nerf guns maybe some swords and see what
happens
the final piece to the second fortress
where should we put it okay okay that's
good
it came back to home base to tell you
guys about the next challenge like we're
saying we're doing castle battles this
first round we're gonna use the nerf
guns one of us has to raid the other
person's castle by ager it's time to get
in your castle I'm gonna go over to mine
okay it's gonna take me forever to get
through this
this castle the second one we made is
basically just a maze castle it's epic
I'm going it alright I'm going over to
mind haha I mean this one we built this
one has the bridge gate entrance and
then there's this kind of not really has
a maze but it has a an area we have to
crawl through so I'm thinking Andrews
gonna go that way but there's this door
over here maybe I can go up here and
snipe him
let the siege begin
ah I see you were you going go through
the me oh no all right guys for this
next round Andrews gonna go to his
castle and there's gonna be no nerf guns
it's going to be swords and shields of
only lineage style I'm setting up show
you what I got
I've got an ax a sword three throwing
axes and a shield so let's see him try
to raid my base with this defense
you'll pay for this access he's coming
at me then prepare the swords whoa that
was fun guys now we're gonna build our
beds but before we do that let's jump
into some lineage gameplay so imagine
what we just did with these Castle siege
except like 30 V 30 players and insane
graphics well guys we are in the game
now isn't this epic yeah look at this
gate I think this is one of the
fortresses yeah we wanted to see Andrew
that's what I was talking about making
our little gate in our for and natural
box like this I think we did a good job
now let's go well what's happening in
here oh my goodness there's so much
battle oh my god
like we said there's two new features
there's the 50 verse 50 fortress siege
and then the 30 verse 30 opens siege
want you to know about the fortress
siege well basically you are a part of
different clans and each clan you have
to go and try and capture and take over
these different fortresses and if you do
you get Fame you get power glory all the
good stuff oh but there's only eight
fortresses per server so these
fortresses they're under attack a lot of
people attacking them so so in 30 verse
30 open siege the cool thing about this
is you can choose the max level fully
geared character that you can take into
battle
what yeah that's awesome so you could
like test driving a new car you get to
test it if you want it darker with
weapons so andrew is currently capturing
putting his imprint on this altar of
wind it's gonna do something I promise
there's no bad guys around here so
you're looking good do it when I can
right okay here we go
you see that I became a knight okay well
that means I know Bower moves go to
battle okay where are my teammates top
hiding sorry okay here we go yeah all
these fury fire fire fire fire fire yes
yes yes yes yes
attack well like I mentioned earlier
this is a MMORPG game by netmarble our
favorite Mogan publisher that was cool
cuz this like it's on your phone you
don't need a console or PC in the
graphics or just nuts
like console graphics so cool can take
it anywhere especially on the nerd
battlefield oh what's this guy doing Oh
give him a power attacker trying look at
that got a six combo going yes you get
out of here and this game is huge open
world there's lots of things to explore
and super fast load times wants to be
sitting around on your games loading and
you can also do epic raid dungeons with
your team's real time PvP there is just
so many things you can do in this game
it's epic well hope you guys liked that
gameplay new mode is epic but now we are
getting all the sheets we bought out
because what are we doing we're building
a sleeping zone we have four of these
big sheets so we're gonna try and see
what we can do with all of them we
brought a little hack for a fort
building and you're ready to show them
one of this these are called fort hat
clips these things are like a dollar at
Home Depot you don't need tape or books
you like literally can just clamp them
to like sides of things like in between
the window right there or you can put it
under that I'm so glad we bought brought
our sleeping bags because these things
are so comfy no matter where we are so
we're setting up the beds for sleep this
is gonna be nice we got all the blankets
up there's no you have a secure roofing
let's see what time it is
2:15 a.m. whoa check out the setup nice
a little bedding right here we got all
the lights off so it's very dark I love
that it's hard to you on a skill of who
yep nine we're gonna go to bed right now
and we will film right when we wake up
in the morning not sure what time it's
gonna be but it's 2 a.m. now so
I'm just hoping for sleep ah just our
very first dart nerf gun sleepover vid
this is exciting
hopefully get some sleep good night Oh
guys good morning it is what time is it
eight eleven Wow let's go see what it
looks like outside we got all our
sleeping stuff just wrapped up it's
freezing in here
yeah I'm glad we got sleeping bags
because I would have died oh so bright
out Great Scott how it is but mission
success I'd say yeah now who's ready for
breakfast well this is the end of the
for Friday episode guys thanks for
watching yeah and then start wars this
has been so fun and special shout out to
lineage 2 revolution for sponsoring this
video again we appreciate you guys as
you guys know lineage 2 has like the
best graphics is this huge open world
game and that 30 verse 30 siege mode
just came out so oh go get it guys link
in the description check it out we think
you'll love it
see you guys next time peace
you
