good morning pineapples we're back to
doing the intros where we say good
morning blank food like that or not yeah
you do
guess where we are take a look Bridal
and formal do you have any guesses as
you know four days away tell this guy's
wedding and tuxes have just came in so
we're gonna try them on see if they fit
see if we look fresh and then we'll be
good well actually in three days we got
the rehearsal dinner
here's how to embarrass your friends hey
guys and then you hide you shout
something and then hide so they think he
did it all right here's the the tuxedo
as I open it up I took the tag off
because I saw my name here okay but the
last name is very unusual
I can't even say funny is like and you
shut Justin Stewart and can you shake
that up so bad
someone's pranking me I think
Danah did so angels the only one was to
check it Oh us have vests taller tie oh
I think I'm a different color than
everyone else right right
there's off he just got his tux - oh we
were changing he arrived but now he's
leaving
can't you go prick well we didn't really
talk much it's a new day right now guys
we didn't vlog much the rest today
because we spent filming and just kind
of got distracted doing hell another
thing
but we're doing something really I guess
not really free enough but for you guys
it'll be random we're going to pick up
somebody from the airport you have any
guesses who it could be
I gave it a low it's down below I gave a
hint in yesterday's vlog at the end
so why didn't even do that on purpose
long but that's your hit and we're
picking it up right now apparently he's
been waiting here for an hour because he
told me the wrong time he said to pick
him up at 11:40 which it is right now
and he just texted me his sad thing
where are is someone here thank you said
11:40 he's like it's 12:30 it's nuts
here you didn't switch timezones bro
over here at the airport trying to find
him
is anybody seen him where who who's
there
this way
so it's kid you guys look at on the
camera ready yeah shoot I just
- three hours oh man they're gonna have
a camera right in my face and I'm gonna
have to say get that they go what Cavs
getting his tux now yes is everything
okay in there there's no way you look
like an idiot looking fresh bro you look
fly what you talking about
you got a tie - he's adjusted right yeah
how do you open this so it's time for
lunch
guess where we're at anyway here's what
keV got we're waiting for our food no
still
and I would thank you right back to your
saying right so you know after every
like Asian meal Chinese will you get
fortune cookies and you're supposed to
give fortune cookie to the other people
at the table well why don't you tell
them what happened carefully Wow those
four sitting here silent on the mouth
tell you something
I picked one and just like no they have
to give you it so he gives me a
different fortune cookie I open it
there's no fortune in it oh my we're
dying laughing so play like everyone bye
can that a fortunate like where are we
and roof the rings the most important
parts of the wedding we're getting
blamed out for the wedding we all get in
rings rings yeah
which one's your favorite I really like
the red it's gorgeous
this is a different style right this is
it which one did you get married oh I
got her a combo no you take these two oh
it's so much together like this oh my
she's gonna be so flattening no and it
takes up the whole finger here's an
injures wedding guy who are the wedding
ring that's beautiful it's woody live it
all day here is Mary's beautiful ring
that is just stunning
you made that by the way he's back there
he designed it all himself huh
no I you know
Keva setting a PlayStation 4 GTA
gameplay yeah I'm not even gonna pause
this is gonna be the whole vlog if
you're not nice to end so snapchat
update as well oh we need to get on this
I'm gonna be posting Todd's man so go
follow us links are in the description
that no someone just tweeted me into
tweeted us it's their birthday and a new
thing pops up balloons man there's so
many cool updates I know this is like
the day for updates it's epic all right
guys five seconds by the way I am here
in Colorado for Andy's wedding I'm with
Jason two Studios were playing this
alright
yes started perform the most near misses
with other vehicles in the land you well
guys today's vlog is going to be a
little shorter sorry about that but I
guarantee and promise you that this week
is gonna be some fantastic vlogs as you
know Angie's wedding cabs here so we're
probably going to try and do some fun
things we're going up to this house
tomorrow for rehearsal dinner and you
guys were just in for some surprises I
guess you're getting excited yeah you
getting nervous
help please if you guys have any tips
hints tips and patties in the comments
brain thanks for watching as always any
final words yeah we just been a little
busy these past couple days so vlog
that's the end that's all I got to say
it's good to be fun see you guys later
good bye
I'll show you guys
