good morning watermelons today's the day
guys we're in Denver for the very first
spike ball tournament yes they have so
many net setup right out here this is
gonna be an epic day guys but currently
we had to get here quick because Justin
how to use the outhouse as you know we
filmed the Chipotle ghost pepper
challenge yesterday and let's just say
everybody that participated in this
challenge is a loser because of the
bathroom repercussions we've also got
some football games going on here go
yellow let's see if they can do a good
play oh no he's gonna get tackled ouch
this guy's got a sick sticker on his car
spike ball Denver so how was it it was
pretty good you're in there a while by
the way yeah just don't ever eat ghost
peppers from Buffalo Bob wings with
Chipotle burrito so we should probably
go register
yeah we need a practice okay but we have
like an hour to practice I guess but
they have spikeball stuff everywhere
Esmond see our team name I think gizmos
how many games are we playing today well
this is just the pool play getting some
practicing with these fellows here but
we got like an hour
yes we've gotten some good practice in
it's really hot out here though so the
ladies have come and brought us necks
would you guys bring us oh yes
thanks guys
Mary and I well Mary is doing something
very productive she said she's reading
but I'm just staring and watching them
they're doing a pretty good well I think
they're losing footage is not wrong
that's okay yeah these guys are like
really really yeah be good
like I don't know some people are crazy
good I don't understand how good they
are
yeah like I think like watching the boys
they like a lot of these guys are doing
like really short passes and Justin and
Andrea are doing like a lot like hang it
up high for it people they're just being
too 9 yeah basically yeah like they're
good but like these people's technique
is crazy
I'm taking a quick water break so you
got one more game before the bracket
play starts there's a score sheet as you
can see we have a lot in the lost
category but we do have one win so we're
pretty stoked about that
you good did this one guy over here his
team is ranked number fifth in the
country free food boss yeah we pretty
much lost bat we were overall score was
one in six
I haven't properly announced that
Britney's home how was your trip I am
always cooking lunch now Britney's
making some delicious guacamole when I
got this steak thing and dad you don't
do what so good the night is just about
coming to a close but me and Brittany
have decided to go on a fun little date
together as a married couple or just
couple it's always good to go on fun
dates together and dress up well even if
it's not like a fine-dining dress-up
place I'd encourage you guys out there
if you're in a relationship just to you
know dress up every now and then and go
out and have some good food thank you
great yeah
well it works for us because like we
love dressing up and it's fun so if you
guys like both are on the same page then
fine and I'm wearing the outfit I wore
to the party from at VidCon if you guys
remember I got the red sneaks just the
vest so feeling fresh like a terror I
saw one of you commented that I really
liked talking about sunsets how can you
not want to film a sunset we have made
it to the parking garage that Britney
doesn't know where we're eating or going
those shoes are fly those are from the
party as well right yeah these are from
the party oh sweet elevator which one do
we choose we don't know how we're going
guys
yeah this is pretty cool here we are
folks nosh
pretty sweet atmosphere here since it's
a more special case and we each just got
berry sangria's to me it is yeah we're
celebrating life together
all right Brittany's Miller's arrived
would you get called and just like
shrimp and then I just won with the
burger
he's got green chilli on it and onions
and whatnot
it's like a spoon for you to complete a
perfect date night guys you have to have
a dessert
so me and Brittany are at our old old
job that we used to work at to get in a
desert what'd you tell him about it
yeah okay I hated me the desert because
it includes like filming protocols but
if there's like fire involved and on my
last day I went through like my whole
serving
I serve before my last name
oh wow
five
it kids that order let's move
they'll share with their families inside
yeah
whoa well guys what a fantastic date
night I mean Brittany had gotta love
going on dates with her we have an
exciting week ahead of us in four days
Andrews gets married and you guys are
coming along and experiencing it all
with us so I hope you're excited for the
next step in Andrews journey in life
with him and Mary it's just so cool that
he's getting married because I feel like
just yesterday me and Brittany got
married
some time flies I tell ya and then we
got some other things coming up but I'm
not gonna tell you yet but just stay
tuned okay thanks for watching and we'll
see you guys when we see you guys
my favorite subject is art because I
love to draw
