welcome back gorgeous to tell him what's
happening okay so uh bigdhaas TV he
challenged us to do the Chipotle
challenge so we don't we back down from
challenges we're gonna do that both a
twist yeah big dodged your challenge was
a okay we're gonna take it to the next
level we're not gonna be chugging no
milk or running up no mountains we're
gonna show you what we're about to do
let's go
Chipotle let go so what we're going to
be doing to mix it up and make this
challenge even more intense is we're
here at Buffalo Wild Bill's and they
just released the new sauce ghost pepper
sauce it's hotter than their blazing
this ghost pepper sauce and each person
has like a little container of it and
each person has to finish the container
of ghost pepper sauce with their burrito
the winner is going to get some frozen
yogurt not by the loser and we're here
with Aaron's who he's going to try it
with us guys we got it ghost pepper not
haunted just hot sauce yikes habanero
pepper in here Cayenne red pepper red
chili pepper chili pepper uh-oh
jalapeno pepper ghost pepper
did you see peppers are you ready our
thoughts
okay
thank you well we got the burritos we're
back home and we perfectly proportioned
the sauces in these little canisters
that we're going to pour over the
burrito so we're going to do is just
pour the sauce and our burrito without
like I'm doing like this like this and
then you just pour it in right oh that's
not good the thicker the sauce the worse
I need like a spoon there's still a
bunch of them - you keep going till you
get all oh I do it's getting all over me
ah all right come on pull back pull
together you free ah
prepare for battle soldiers all right so
we're gonna just see who can eat it the
fastest whoever wins gets free uh frozen
yogurt right very smart Aaron Wow all
right - awesome ready all odd for 300
won each mm-hmm
my mouth no fire
hmm what aw
oh I'm Kerala eating fast pushes hurt
Oman mall
waters gonna make it worse oh oh okay
what was biking ah ah no but we're
turning like red like a tomato
me okay
Aaron oh wow I made this mess in a while
oh oh oh shoot no circuit pickups
I'm crying tears I the Wadley remedy
which were starting to I started to boil
in you yeah the item have a bite when
all the sauces the work really goku live
Wow
let's got a jackpot of sauce oh no oh I
miss making it worse cuz when you buy it
it gets like all over your lips oh yeah
oh there's death dying over there
oh do the outside of my mouth oh it's
getting worse
oh wow
water won't help us I don't care I'm
thirsty
ow let stomach's turn - ouch oh dude
they did I'll feel really good
it's so strong of a flavor oh let me
help
Oh numb going to work there my life oh
haha
thank God your bully doesn't have this
natural stuff my mouth is like no I
can't feel I'll do it
I do not like the flavor of that sauce
at all no listen uh would you dislike
but I'm sweating out the bars room at ah
I don't even like this anymore
oh we can't take it no oh my gosh oh oh
oh they're gonna bark cuz of flavor I
know
this is terrible my face is numb oh oh
man I can't feel my brain yeah Oh feel
like stick yeah I can't watch when
you're high I gave up a lot though do it
you would not you win we all lose no
one's a winner in this so a winner is
Justin cuz he gets ice cream after ah
just make this stop oh my god I need
that sauce by itself I'd be throwing up
fire here you go
no no yeah now that we're done just
sitting here the heat is soaking in my
mouth I feel like I have my wisdom teeth
pulled and like your whole mouth is numb
and nobody knows right speaking words or
not dodge you can try this if you want
but we have a different challenge for
you now Andrew we want you to try what
we did eating a full habanero pepper in
the library and you can't have any
liquids no milk or anything you have to
go and sit next to somebody and try it
who else should we have do this DJ DJ
pray look prank and Andrew Hales all
right so we got Andrew Hales bigdhaas
and color prank you guys need to eat a
full up and arrow pepper in the library
do it next to somebody you have a week
to complete the challenge and if you
don't do it there will be a more severe
consequence everybody go tweet them or
comment on their videos telling them
that they have to do the challenge that
we that we did that we dare them so you
all ready to go get some yogurt yes
Lulu's frozen yogurt every Wednesday is
$5
no way let's love you guys really yes
I'm really liking this flavor
they got rid of I got some new players
bingo tango central Indiana so I'm gonna
help me blackberry well I feel honored
that I want I get this delicious bowl of
fresh yogurt how do you fellows feel yes
and on fire just enjoy well I think oh
thanks for watching let us know what
other challenges you want to see us do
like this and we'll do remember tweet
those people we said yeah we don't and
we will do it better and we'll see you
later
