good morning barnacles me and Andrew are
going to a lake because if you remember
in our a while ago it wasn't too long
ago we did a video called rafting in a
swamp where we bought and we brought an
air mattress out into this random little
swamp and like floated around in it well
we wanted to take it a step further and
take it to a lake and we're gonna go see
if we can find more floaty things and
build like an epic raft and see what
happens so
just in case we're bringing this for
backup if it's an Annie's car perfectly
but we want to try some new methods so
hopefully Walmart or somewhere has a
cool device that we can try out how
excited are you for another rafting
adventure very excited we found the
stuff they're all on say outfit it's
basically so many more
but they they just don't have to me well
I guess they have a good amount of
options not bad hey we have that
we have gotten the new supplies and a
beverage before we go on our adventure
we're at Bass Pro Shops because last
time we kind of had trouble with rowing
so Bass Pro has some perfect rubbers
that will fit our needs for this trip
hey did you find them
well this is a good one
$15 $15 any cheaper fine fine fine
cheaper searching none
do we need wheel for boat okay for some
reason sneakers when custom mode
goofball spacey feisty cranky confused
we like here we kill them the Sun has
gone away it's almost sunset this is a
very intense adventure to try we're
gonna tell you about it once we get out
of the car what we're doing it's gonna
be insane fellas just look at how this
is gonna be that is like the only like a
most annoying thing about like blow-up
tubes is having to fill them up with
just your own air takes forever finally
finish with this it looks amazing
he's got a backrest a cup holder major
is still trying to configure his why but
it is like the perfect time of day right
now the sun's like almost at sunset oh
if only we had some fishing poles we can
catch some fish on the lake so we're
trying to make the best contraption for
while we're out there we're gonna have
the formation like this so for each
facing different ways
Andrew conveniently has rope in his car
so we're gonna tie em together and I'm
not sure if we're gonna be able to use
this guy but we do have still the slide
the city tubes and we're not just
stopping at to floatie tubes we are
blowing up for more because why not
we're gonna put the these two under each
of the little floatation devices
all right guys we have finished the raft
here's the bad boy double-decker
flotation there's no way we're gonna see
no way this thing is epic there's so
much attachments to this I'm so excited
to see how it works in the lake
what bring it on the lake whoa yeah
here's the drinks we got it's a new
flavor we've never tried a strawberry
watermelon sparkling nice drink I just
gotta straw our pink grapefruit yeah but
we're ready to try it out and honestly
I'm really nervous to bring this camera
out because I could just sing sir if I
drop it but I don't think I will we have
the GoPros Wow
but how are we gonna do this well we
just have to push get on come on keV
everything's fine we're professionals
get your feet on get on I can push off
oh my blood chicks there's a lot of
water on
it's actually quite nice I'm just glad
we got this backrest just wish I didn't
get a bunch of water on myself I can't
that's offshore I'm slowly moving
careful stand-up jeans you're gonna have
to yeah me too this really is harder
than it looks guys we're trying to get
this perfect but these things fell off
so Andrews tying them more secure so
once we get on they don't slip hopefully
we have done it yes but we don't really
have a proper way of steering cuz really
have one just like a ride now
but this is pretty chill they all have
to do like a couple and then give it to
you do something okay this is gonna take
teamwork just guys pray that we don't
drop this camera I brought this bag but
who knows if I follow this won't do much
but still whoa we just kind of got to
float our way out of here we have our
nice drinks ready for when we you know
get a little more farther out yeah we're
trying to make our way over there but I
know really we've gotten pretty far so
far that's actually a really good
distance it's just never by just one
more
hey I suggested now I'll be fine because
last time we don't had one it just fine
no but this is a two-man last time was a
one-man yeah we're making upgrades every
single time we go out we are gonna be
making new upgrades so next time
even more but for now it's the journey
time to enjoy beverage while we enjoy
this beautiful Colorado saucer
what yeah there's been like fish jumping
all around us we want to catch for my
camera but it's kind of hard to film
this is like you don't know where
they're gonna jump yeah let's try a bite
of beverage Cheers world thanks for
being so beautiful
we're trying to make our way over over
there but it's kind of hard right now
but just look at this sunset how cool is
this
we're just chilling in the middle of a
lake and get to enjoy this beautiful
open sky yeah just like normal talking
oh nice boat take away over there
thanks I know see him it's right there
he's got two rowers and he's like going
super fast it's just like I wish it
could be like this all day every minute
that goes by it's like the sunset color
changes and more colors start to appear
it's so cool
because they like bright colors I
thought is it working to be so cool we
were saying if I fish just flopped on
Andrews lap then you grab it then we put
it in this bag
alright so Sydney here is pretty nice
but we just realized something that the
current is going all the way towards
this waterfall over here and that's not
good
we're actually getting closer by the
second we start there's my car over
there we started like way over there
where yellow boat is he's way over there
now yeah I haven't even realized that
I'm just from watching the clouds I know
you've just been drifting slowly slowly
to our death I don't really know what's
over there really honest maybe after we
lane we can go yeah to see what could
have happened to us
if we didn't use brains we better go
one last spin guys this is like a ride
with one paddle I've made it off and
just slowly but surely making his way
back yeah you got a docket I'd say it
was a pretty successful trip though I am
getting a little cold but it don't
matter
this was epic taxi has arrived
nice we're gonna go take it to take a
look at what the heck's going on over
here it says no trespassing authorized
personnel only well there it is it says
danger and pretty much there's a cliff
oh and these are rasmus's shoes by the
way he left them he's like you could
throw them away or do whatever I'll just
say hey use these for things like this
all right barely any waters even going
over it imagine if there are tons of
water baby would you like to rent our
boat sir yeah
okay I'm just playing we just made it
yeah yeah we're just floating out there
just thought it'd be funny you caught
any fish
oh sweet it's awesome as you can see it
is night time now we have left the lake
because it was getting way too dark
couldn't see a thing and cool and a cop
drove by and said my name and I was
really confused
he's just we see a cop pull up he's like
Justin with a parent it was my friend
from Community College days now as a cop
I was like really surprised and worried
because he suffered next to a sounds
like old crate let me get a recipe
simple oh yes they have table games
never done this before they used to have
like an actual little game they've
upgraded like tablets food has arrived
this is ghost pepper sauce it's hotter
than the blaze in here so we're each
gonna try it you ready go ahead all
right
there you go
this is racy
golly dude
Oh
Wow how they do that well guys do you
want us to do the ghost pepper Buffalo
Wild Wings challenge if so leave a like
and you know we will do it
they tell us why you left the light
I left you a life because I want you to
do this challenge or just thumbs up
people's comments
I don't know why we like doing spicy
challenges back at home and I just
wanted to say surprise if you guys
weren't up late last night or that
tonight when I don't know when you're
watching this but we just uploaded the
teaser trailer for the comedy
oMG guys I know we didn't really give
you a warning but since we didn't have a
vlog for today or yesterday for you guys
we want to upload the teaser as a sorry
for that I honestly don't know which one
you guys are gonna like better I mean
obviously we always do comedy stuff and
that's what we love the most
but the thriller is something so
different and the way it was shot and
everything I don't know I feel like a
lot of you will like the thriller but I
guess we'll just see when they come out
which one you guys like better but I
hope you guys did enjoy the teaser
trailer and in other news me and Andrew
just bought our plane tickets to
California in October we got a few
meetings we have to go to and so we're
gonna be out there for like a little
under four days so we're gonna do some
vlogs out there and go to the meetings
and whatnot but just so I like you just
wanted to let you guys know that's
what's gonna be happening with us so you
have something to look forward to in
October we get to travel to California
and we did this right now because
frontier I got an email this morning
they're doing a $29 flights one way and
so we're like we have to jump on this
like so cheap
I just got ready for bed it's almost
midnight here and I'm really missing
Brittany she's been gone for a few days
she comes back on Friday but yeah her
and Daisy did went on a little road trip
with her mom to Illinois but
yeah I just miss her um tomorrow's gonna
be really fun meaning you're gonna try
and go and find and explore abandoned
buildings and I don't know what the
words called icon I forgot what it's
called right now but that's what we're
doing tomorrow but in the meantime I
hope you guys have a great rest of your
day and thanks for coming back and
hanging out with us it's been fun we'll
see you tomorrow go back Justin
you'll get
