well good morning guys we haven't done
this in the longest time I mean it's
been summer for a while now yep we're
going to the pool
seriously I I don't know why we don't go
to the pool more and it's right here
are you excited we got some fun
adventure or please we got some fun
adventure toys oh it's not that bad out
I mean if the Sun could come out after
this cloud it'll be perfect got some
tubes
I so don't know when I could find pink
one from the rafting adventure got a
frisbee Nerf ball just because we're
adults doesn't mean we can't have fun in
the pool so I brought Shamu to the pool
dangers got to slide the city here just
got to put Sun sauce on and we're going
to get blasted by the ouch guess we'll
try the jacuzzi first Wow very warm when
it's hot out I guess if the pool is cold
coming in the jacuzzi after is perfect
there's Andrew
how fun was that this is fun I'm having
a great time so kind of a tad bit
awkward because there's three adults how
cute if you feel awkward with the adults
have you yeah that's okay cuz they're
not having fun yeah he's been swimming
for a while and then there's a couple
just chilling in the Sun they're
probably gonna get annoyed at us when we
jump in there with Shamu I don't care
also I just brought these out as well
for snacks you always got to have pool
snacks and drinks but I'm missing the
drinks these pretzels with avocado
hummus it's gonna be good so the GoPro
kind of died but thankfully they have a
charger right here
because we want to get some cool fun
GoPro shots take a yep with three will
yeah cool I hope you blast off man that
was
see we're hogging up the whole jacuzzi
right now and that guy was swimming and
Shamu ran into him he kind of got peeved
all right have to try and make a basket
oh man you're terrible at this game Oh
Oh first try it's time for Petco frisbee
challenge he's gonna throw it and I'm
gonna catch it well jumpin okay let me
get in a good position here ready whoa
that was epic
Andres Turner are you ready go sorry
and that's how it's done folks
I want to drop this in the water that
suck now it's time for something perfect
can Andrew make it all the way over here
with the ball let's swatch oh it's
moving air ball
alrighty well we're home now hi I'd say
that's a good way to start off the
morning chillin at the pool but it's
lunchtime now so Andrew just went home
to shower and whatnot and then we're
gonna go get some lunch we are at
chick-fil-a because guess what won't you
tell them what's happening well I don't
know why they're doing this but it's
like sports day or whatever so if you
wear your sports gear to get a free
sandwich enjoy it I got this Bronco
shirt on he's got a Bronco hat free
sandwich and I didn't we found this out
because one of you guys tweeted us so
thank you for that otherwise I wouldn't
have known about this unfortunately this
chick-fil-a isn't doing the receipt
which deal for some reason
so there's the only one in Texas was the
one doing it what so ever
we don't care we still got sandwich I
had a chick-fil-a card so it's like a
free nugget thing this month up whoa
that was good but now we're going to the
popcorn store every time Andrew wants it
it's Sunday but now it's Monday and
tonight we're doing a draft party for
fantasy football and apparently they
have some good pissed are they closed
good we're closed
Oh Andrews going to be pissed what
happened
this is flavored a problem Oh every time
we came here probably three times and
they're closed every time come on
popcorn before the draft party and
dinner I have to do something that needs
to be done this Andrew and Aaron already
pre-ordered this you know we did that
yesterday so I'm joining the club well
everyone needs to get this game it's
going to be epic yeah who'll be the
first player I'm planet jakku I love
that place
dead wholefoods time get some snacks for
tonight
what the craps fishies
it was nasty I don't want that oh so we
got these at Whole Foods
bison patties they're from Colorado they
look superb and on top of that we got
we're marinating it right now with this
smoky makeup barbecue sauce
we got some good sheds the best chips
ever with Paco guys are outside playing
football
check out the Colorado sunset oh my gosh
it was even more vivid but right now
it's just insane have to focus on me
there's one screen doing picks it's a
turning pink wish you could see this in
person it looks so much cooler
well sorry some of the pics meet up yeah
yeah right now we're just catching punts
from Aaron taking turns pretty fun yeah
you did it
time to play rocket League we're playing
split screen on andcb you excited yes
yeah oh here's what takes me touch oh he
just sent him how's that that's better
that's all insane whoa
there's Justin me there's Aaron whoa now
we got to light the grill
tempstar cushion Sandberg's trying to
figure this out a and nails as well oh
no you got the drop party going here so
many computers house taking walk you get
the birds done let's shine light well
that looks right earth so I found this
random hot dog left over from dinner and
I give it to Aaron seems essays did you
bring out a capri-sun Justin you longer
get capri-sun why why'd you bring that
down for me I didn't ask for it
just eat it stop just finish the fantasy
draft what do you guys think starters
were good
the edge is trash um sorry Harry my
bench isn't trash mixed message
strategies Lionel that's cool your bench
that's impressive
it's worse than is the worst and also a
really good team oh yeah we're gonna
have fun playing fantasy this season do
you guys play fantasy football yes or no
huh
making some popcorn haven't tried this
flavor but I want to try them parmesan
and rosemary I've never even heard it to
be honest well what is that is that the
flava boys you put this on first
moisture words expeller press sunflower
oil and then you sprinkle on parmesan
and rosemary it sounds like too
complicated but the parmesan is made in
Kentucky the rosemary is grown and dry
in Peru and Spain and the sea salts
harvested in Brazil so you can say this
is a very diverse popcorn very well
thanks for watching as always fellas and
just to remind you all or to tell the
people who haven't seen this yet
the link in the description is the
premier details for our short film and I
guess this only applies to people in
Colorado or if you live around Colorado
and want to come we're doing the
premiere and it's open to anybody so you
can invite your friends you can just put
that you're not going I don't know you
can do whatever you want but it's going
to be really fun and we just watched a
the teaser for the comedy we will be
releasing that soon and the short films
are going to come out October 5th and
October 12th I think so get excited I
think that's all I have to say but guess
what this month Andrews getting married
in case any of you didn't know it's
gonna be so much fun we got a lot of
cool stuff planned and I mean he's
getting married what else you got to say
about that so stay tuned and we'll see
you tomorrow good bye
Hey
