all right hi guys
why don't you do an intro for us cool
all right oh gosh is that the intro hi I
mean I don't know how to better back
there in the middle oh okay where we
going Andy okay I'm doing a get legit
I'll show you what that is all we don't
know so Austin why are we turning back
around
you forgot the tickets Oh Danny what's
for dinner
doughnuts oh you're Draenei me Oh Chris
I can't do that if you have to you have
to do you a little try boom there we go
dad
we have made it the Denver
so about another 20 minutes to huge
Gardens what what hmm
we made it we are here are you excited
Austin whoa whoa oh hi oh hi are you
excited yeah they are
we're getting excited you made it into
the park this part reminds me of
Disneyland a little bit
it's got like these shops like this
walkway kinda yeah it's a very small
addition but first arriving at the mind
eraser
literally erases your mind
you guys ready or what for some reason
we're standing in line and they're
kicking people off the ride what are
they doing they're just getting right
here Colton we need an update it's our
turn let's go max up the tower of do
wall yes let's do it fellas just kidding
no tower doom what we're gonna
eventually do it yeah now they're doing
repairs so I guess that's a good thing I
don't want to go on that one it just
breaks their dream we're at the classic
coaster hearing you which is you call it
her old white old white whites just as
vague old old fashioned roller coaster
really fun hi Colton
why
Hey
No
yeah this ride is a lot more intense
than we anticipated
you get to the top and just stuck upside
down brain exploding do you guys brain
hurt
yeah a little bit women yeah all the way
upside down yeah I didn't go up with
them this morning because I actually
have an audition this morning for a film
here in Colorado
and I want to make sure I get to that
because
you know I acting and whatnot so I'm
just going to go to the audition real
quick and then after head right to
allege garden it's the theme partner
meet him there and then we have the
whole day at the theme park it's going
to be so much fun so I was running a
little behind to the audition so I
didn't really get to film much but here
at the theme park now just got to find
and meet the fellas meet up with the
fellas yes I'm still trying to find
Andrew and the freaks but these fellows
watch the vid what up fellas what's
going on put your name William Sean well
oh hi Talan
hey thanks for watching the video you
want to know why I'm super happy right
now about coming to us Gardens so
today's Labor Day weekend I thought this
theme park was gonna do but there's
literally like no lines anywhere so
today is gonna be insane awesome
because I hate coming to theme parks and
who who likes waiting in lines anyway
hidden how in audition what's good I
made it guys hey about time I took some
warm Oh Chris is pissed you were to say
you know tell me rights if you guys win
all then this is the last one scared
Phillips
yeah we're going skateboarding on the
halfpipe whoa
inside the car at all times yeah please
it shirt
we're going to try out water right over
here we got the GoPro so if it gets wet
no big deal this one here
we just got done doing this ride but he
wouldn't let me film it unfortunately
but it's pretty fun
there's got a nice soccer tan line here
hey fellas our back for the Terra doom
it's finally working now so see it
actually works away yes it better work
the whole way or mine
the fellas are ready means the Argosy
cruising thank you and enjoy your ride
tower
just look at the wild coping
we'll see you soon
welcome
Hey okay miss bummed I don't like
sitting at the top and just waiting ha
ha this scares God
this is crisix first time doing it my
gosh compared to skydiving I know I'm
saying this is worse than skydiving
skydiving it hurts like one second right
Wow I'm like flying
let's go skydiving Yuri springball
taking that quick food break got some
chicken tenders if you get burger
tenders tenders all right we destroyed
this food level how was it Erin
it was delicious is delicious Chris was
it any good okay no no I have one thing
to say the water bottles here whose $4
in wickedness so this is a nice food oil
spill
yeah arbic you saw up dango oil spills
dump so much stuff in there I didn't
maybe them haha just like I couldn't
tell how much it was kept going under
the fries just so many little piles like
on anymore Matt ruin your bachelor
I just haven't come in to walk to wash
my hands he's in front of me he has a
hamburger like in his namesake walk like
they're right there
in the stall and he's not in the bath
he's not using the bathroom he's
standing there probably eating hamburger
I'm so confused right now why would he
take a hamburger to eat it in the
bathroom stall
how would you take food in general I
know open food in the bathroom leg
what is he must be hiding it from wife
why just not let me have this hamburger
watch out why no oh sorry
here comes our raft Aaron know he
watches our videos yeah
we just got done with a another wet ride
and this guy apparently watches the
videos as well yeah mess dude Sam well
Sam right on man brother can't you let
shifted my friend and I saw you guys on
the ride I just I got I just a wine
that's so cool yeah well it's good meat
you mean yeah have fun just come up to
the swing ride and there's no one in
line right up front folks back off here
I'm gonna hide that
the swings were so much fun that we're
going to do round two
we're playing yeah yeah forget grabbing
awesome swing and pushing them
there's waiting in line for the swings
nice fellas what's up guys well pound it
pound it hey those snacks look really
good
I would just spend a good hour two hours
here at the water park area I got the
way pool this big ol slide on the tube
stuff over here that was fun coming wait
dinner reservation is 7:30 so in the
meantime we're gonna rat another roller
coaster yeah we already did this one
earlier but the first time I felt like
this roller coaster was gonna break
because it was shaking everywhere
sliding what time is it fellas what time
is it time oh we just finished at Elitch
is the theme park I was awesome and
we're gonna walk over here at 16th
Street Mall get some food but we just
realized something
I'm pissed we're very pissed right now
me too
who's most pissed me me me boy me but me
me this is the Pepsi Center and guess
who's singing tonight their swift tears
wherefore comfort tonight I'll just
mainly because she didn't invite us we
don't have tickets
so we're pissed guys look how many semis
I have for the T Swift concert like
sake good golly Michaels hey guys it's
me Taylor my friend Joyce - studios are
gonna be my guest of honor tonight for
this show who's excited yeah Taylor
Swift Taylor Swift Taylor Swift oh why
do you need so many trucks Taylor Swift
you made it to the restaurant one of the
best places in town southern hospitality
yes what this is a good idea boss yes
check out the pulled pork cross crest
right yeah - oh what's that many toys
mac and cheese extra cheesy college
games will shoot mashed potaters
and we got zero food just kidding we got
food yeah
first came tots sandwich and tots first
getting fries since it is bachelor party
fish what is it it's bananas video it's
a banana pudding and a leaf make sure
you eat the leaf check what does this
device do yeah you guys jump on it
pedal it around for a couple hours they
give you a few different bars and
everything we pedal oh yeah we and you
steer Wow keep seats got pedals that's
so cool Union Station we're catching the
train to who-knows-where
Bruce getting a ticket and we're saying
see ya oh I've never taken the Denver
train
yeah oh nevermind we're not doing that
we're just here I've actually never been
in the Union Station here it's pretty
cool yeah it's like the terminal just
like a restaurant
I scream it bratwursts we're getting
some dessert here at the milk box I
heard this is non-gmo ice cream so we're
really excited
what's that flavor ginger grapefruit
sorbet have you ever heard of a ice
cream like that oh no it turns out skin
really just like wait I'm gonna try
again many of the coconut almond
would you guys get butterscotch Oreo
salted Oreo I got some pretty cool
unique flavors there we just found this
playground in the middle of nowhere in
Denver here Wow
I want to see this device oh the heck
this is like rope
what are you doing this ain't for kids
folks we're trying to see if we can get
into the T Swift concert but but yeah
it's not problem with ped no Center if
nothing happens we're at least here in
the outside yeah what's going on inside
all we have to do is get past all the
security bros I got some limos on deck
here red one one of the LEDs that one
this guy I just want to say we check the
ticket because there's a showing
tomorrow and to get like really good
seats like pretty close to the stage
$1,800 a ticket myself any of you guys
are interesting got $800 to spare I'm
really excited cause Justin's buying one
for all the guys tonight I'm just
kidding
well on the bright side we did find the
merch tent yeah Wow
who wants one back down in the springs
from Justin's apartment finally say yeah
that time is it how much Oh Jake all ten
fifty some errands Wow
late night pool guys plus details are
playing Call of Duty me nos just beat
these freaks twice twice two games where
to and I'll have a shot of the century
did the scoring shot eight Ball side
pint
but what time is it now it's getting
deep into amber all babes yeah it's
almost midnight so this is crazy crazy
long adventure for the three amigos left
over everyone else went to bed well I
guess the end of the video
oh god guys alright late play thanks for
hanging out today we had a super fun day
bribe immediately ace I mean it J's do I
mean if you did any yesterday's or the
previous vlog we put the details for the
meet up so go check that out or not the
meet up the premiere of the short films
yeah go check that out we'll put in the
description of this as well but anyways
guess that's it no final announcements
check out nope
Josh Colton Aaron especially well thanks
for the awesome day guys Justin for
planning it yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
PC Oh Oh bye
