good morning guys
I never know what to say sometimes I
still don't know what to say when I
intro the vlog because I want to I want
to mix it up sometimes but Haley's guess
what we're doing today going to get some
tattoos we're not getting tattoos
we're with we're supporting the crew
Brandon
mama are you tattooed or not this is a
fun little studio hip yeah so they're
just getting prepped right now but one
thing I wanted to say about this tattoo
place is think it's awesome because
they're actually a Christian tattoo
parlor and you don't really hear that
like just for example they have this on
the wall they have the jesus-freak thing
not of this world over here I don't know
a lot of you probably in the comments
will say something like all Christians
aren't supposed to get tattoos but I'm
not gonna go down that road again
I already had that conversation though
you can think what you want but yeah
well Britney has some of the same guys
and like all my family members how about
you
I got a secret like you guys we clock
every single day I'm a blogger and I've
um so we're inviting you in to see like
what we do and lately we've been doing a
lot of tattooing videos so I just want
to ask you guys - can I be like keep
your opinions to yourself or in your
comments just to yourself if you if you
really are against that slowly finding
weeks but like we respect you we just
ask that you respect that just be nice
my mom and my brother like we we get a
lot of meaningful tattoos for their sake
I can't ask you guys to be reasonable
the tribe has spoken
Brandon's getting going nice bro oh my
gosh they're playing nacho libre here
which is still often
Brandon's final product is done boom so
wait what does it mean exactly it quick
description that is just Luke and then
you got this right here you are just so
fly right now man yeah I mean Brandon
our best buy cuz there's this game I
might get it looks really fun it'll be a
brute you want to play it
this game guys
Disney Xfinity 3.0 Brandon thinks it's
dumb but I want it this would be so fun
you can buy all the different characters
you really want it to know
dude how'd you I'm he gay Oh what dude
he's pretty good he's very powerful
oolong
all right so I'm getting it they sent in
the mail a $10 off coupon and I have $20
off on my Best Buy card so this game is
only like less than it's like 30 $38 say
that's a pretty good deal all done with
the tattoo power and now me and Brittany
are at this place called the leech pit
which is like really cool vintage stuff
every play came from Elias back tie now
in brown tie now in Brighton time their
last not cunning driving his jacket so
cool whoa me and Brittany have been
running around all day we still haven't
got home because she's doing another
video for her channel with this other
lady so we're doing that pictures at her
house real quick yeah big old camera bag
right here at Clara dusky golf
and Rica's haven't got season pass yeah
and the price goes up for season passes
on the seventh which is like in two days
or something I don't want to pay more so
got to get a good deal right now so we
can go snowboarding less here what's up
buddy here's my speed past picture guys
is it beautiful
amazing thank you just got past folks
yes we are ready now next step I need
bindings and boots I don't know if I'm
gonna get in here but just we have
different options snowboarding is an
expensive sport guys unfortunate that
has to be so expensive
don't worry mates yeah is it pretty cool
this hat is so cool it's on sale cuz
this hat is helmet but unfortunately
it's a small and for some reason I have
a big head extra large so this will
never fit well it's dead it says the old
pro camera mount integration by Susan
I know what that means has been so good
here's boards for your kids
I would totally if I had a son get him
one of these this one specially Toy
Story
this is the Burton chopper what's the
back look like oh sweet I mean Andrew
are trying to figure out what it'd be
like to actually just like if we rode
one of these down the mountain because
they're basically the size of a
skateboard so look at my feet that's
okay they will have to try it one day
somehow look what we found
axles we've just here and now we're in
skin golf and their products are here if
you guys wanna actually skier you know
they have and go to skiing off whoa oh
that's hat don't this would be a sick
combo yeah can you hear me
hey guys beautiful
hey guys I found a new hat hey if
somebody like is actually wearing this
oh this is for your helmet but still
it's like that yeah we should get like a
funny cover for our helmets though
what's the new policy if you look back
doing that well how much is it
now we're taking a quick pit stop at up
a tent barb we're pretty much probably
gonna go with this location for the
showing of our short films but we just
want to see what it looks like and
confirm everything it's at UCCS college
so we're gonna get hopefully a look at
the room show you guys what its gonna
look
oh say one thing what a lot of you were
asking if this both the films are going
to be uploaded on this channel in case
you didn't get that message to be yes so
and they will be about I'd say 12 to 14
minutes long each so a total of 30
minutes but we'll let you know the exact
number wouldn't you think about it now
the theater is somewhere up here I think
this is it sweet well where is where oh
wow so the projector goes all the way on
this wall and this is front-row seats I
think this is where it's gonna all go
down guys so we got a lot of seats how
many are there total you have to do the
math because we're terrible at math give
us a sec after the film we're gonna have
a Q&A with the cast meaning
ladies and gentlemen Wayne thank you for
going to be casting or screaming gonna
be Andrew thanks for coming guys I
really appreciate it what questions do
you have for me my fellow castmates yes
of gears what was that
this would be cool it's awesome to have
it on high class
it's called recycling class dismiss we
did math this whole time and it was
right here oh yeah this would be perfect
I don't know if you can tell with that
truck they had that puppet bird that we
bought no and then I flapping that out
the window like we did the vlog that one
time they're trying to get closer but
they turned the wrong way yeah really
funny wait wait what the I feel like
they got that from watching our video I
know that's like the most random thing I
there's no way they just thought of that
by themselves they don't have the brain
capacity they're not that smart
well guys I think we pretty much have it
locked down I just got a get with the
theater people and confirmed with them
and you know get everything settled and
it's happening so October 4th is a
Sunday it's gonna be happening so if
you're in Colorado and want to come
I already made a Facebook page check the
link in the description if you want to
check it out so you have all the details
it's so exciting like I I can't even
express to you guys like how like happy
I am that this is actually happening and
oh it's just gonna be so much fun so I I
don't know if I can wait another month I
wish it was here now but gotta be
patient guys it's coming time has come
guys to open this and play it proprietor
I got a vlog I've had some too desperate
to play but yeah is anyone else getting
this game I hope so
well that's about it guys but I guess
we'll see you guys tomorrow where we're
going to elite gardens it's a theme park
here in Colorado with Andrew for his
Lake bachelor party with all the fellas
so that's gonna be so much fun and
Brittany is also leaving she is leaving
on a trip with
mom to go to Illinois so I'm gonna miss
her but she's gonna be blogging as well
so if I get some good stuff there but
anyways appreciate you guys we'll see
you tomorrow
