good morning crew how's it goin guess
what we're doing right now
me and drew wifey we're in the car
heading up to this shirt company's
warehouse and we actually really like
this company they're the clothing they
make and so we wanted to go just see
what they do in person maybe do some fun
things at the warehouse check out their
clothes andrew actually owns a pair of
socks from them right we both own a hat
from them oh yeah I forgot yeah I have a
car they basically I don't know if they
are specifically Colorado but they make
things so yeah they make a lot of like
car cool Colorado stuff well have them
explain like what they do exactly you
guys can check them out but that's what
we're doing right now so yeah here we
are
axles duck you know I like their windows
I got all the stickers everywhere Luke
we're in what would you call this the
warehouse the this is the what the
showroom mm-hm yeah and we're here with
our main man who runs the whole biz I do
I do
my name is Dane with axles and why don't
you just give the fans of rundown of
what your company's about what you do
you know my name is Axl that's where I
came up with the name I'm born and
raised in Denver Colorado started the
company about eight years ago to the day
started out printing t-shirts on you
know took a loan out of the car that's
pretty much the one thing I could afford
doing and just kind of grew from there
got into one sword here one store there
and that's grown into more national
accounts the thing she was able to
afford to make a hat like this is one of
our first hats right here Colorado
um and still one of our top sellers but
as you can see it has now grown to a lot
of different hats hats to probably my
personal favorite and last year we
started doing socks which have just done
phenomenal super comfy one thing that we
always focus on is quality we never rush
to do a certain product just to get a
product out there we do a lot of
research and make sure the products
right before we bring it to the public
as you can see I mean it's grown to you
know beyond Colorado through accounts
like lids this is Chicago specifically
but then I mean you've got New York
Seattle this one paying me a little
because it's a Seahawks but I know
business so Maryland
st. Louis I'm even Canada this is
actually a super popular hat well we
love it here and as you can see they
just have so many products that will
lick leave a link to their website if
you guys want to check out you know all
the products they got
outside of it yeah this is actual
warehouse this Lawrence the Highline bag
so I can see this is where all the
shirts are we got the basketball hoop
but as you can see there is a lot of
stuff here right now we've got a go-kart
that is currently surrounded by stuff
upstairs my favorite items here is the
forklift very fun for exhibit was a new
toy hey yeah well thanks for letting us
come out here and hang it's a sweet
anytime I guarantee you the next time
through we'll have more activities oh no
worries like this is just cool being
here we've never been to some sort of
clothing company warehouse seeing so
many shirts even baby clothes yeah oh I
feel like I'm in a maze right now like
well here's the upper view of shirt
warehouse mania over here hat warehouse
mania is insane here's the go-kart
so we'll probably come back when he
opens up the shop and give this a ride
out super fun wall these socks yes and
oh in the long ones so this is sick here
are the shorts Oh color out of shorts
jog well comfy man be kind guys all
right so he's hooking us up with some
sweet gear what'd you get his Denver hat
it's like a nugget style it's pretty
cool is this sure
some other odds and ends we got these
sick Denver socks these guys sweet
shorts belt you got that yeah yeah I got
this hat here sun's out guns out so cool
with the neon shirt as well well we're
all done with visiting Axl's super fun
place can't wait til I actually open up
the shop but now it's time for lunch and
we are downtown Denver and this we
haven't actually been to this area but
it is so cool bike goals for girls
protein bar yes
well there you have
it's pretty chill
so good
healthier reduce soda
this is so good
that's Walker so me and Andrew I'm at
the classic barbecue of burrito could
you get bread nice and they don't have
ranch here but they have this Chia
dressing chia seed dressing and it's
actually really good
well this is cool very creative although
it's lunch and we're hitting up the BC
here in Denver which is two stories
never been here looks so sick so like I
said in the other vlog
Andrew already has his snowboard what
blah but I don't have a snowboard so I'm
looking to get a snowboard because we're
gonna be the snowboard sisters this year
with Aaron are gonna be snowboarding
tons so I need to get some here 189
bindings how much sure that's 120 yeah
that's pretty cool
yeah I bored as white as well so these
shoes doe holy cripes
guys I'm torn between the Cobra this is
last year's model and then the snow
trooper
these goggles just wearing them by
themselves look like Star Wars super
space trooper man
you better give her this song before I
don't know what song it is
yeah leave a comment let us know a song
this is you just got back home and I got
a board are you ready to see it didn't
did it never summer now let's take it
out of the package here this is the snow
stripper snow snow trooper this has got
great reviews I heard 159 is the size
and here's the back looking fresh this
is a all-mountain board here because me
I don't really do tricks much but when I
do it can do tricks see can ride big
mountain it's just an all around good
board and the guy we talked to this guy
at the store he's been boarding for 30
years and he said this board is really
good so it's down here it looks like
wood so never summer this the best
you're almost as good as that guy Thanks
you taught me a few things but yeah have
a good day yeah me and Brittany have
moved on to something she's working on
and we're going into the gods yes
beautiful Garden of the Gods shooting a
video for her channel dear I scared
Brittany Brittany had a grasshopper on
her Brittany got real scared over
grasshopper oh I don't know why I didn't
film that it's so funny
yeah perfect time for the sunset the
lighting out here is just fantastic
honestly my favorite time of the day is
Golden Hour sunset time it's like still
like warm out but it just looks so
pretty and it just makes me happy okay
Britt's pissed because someone didn't
tell me that there was a big grasshopper
almost about to eat my face I did to
tell you I know I just like so big
you're taking pictures sounds like it
was so funny because I know you're
scared of but it was like huge
grasshopper scream so loud and I ran
away I know there were like people like
tour like tourists around and urges like
did the dentists
yeah me Berta backhoe it's time to take
Daisy on a walk she's actually been home
most of the day we've been running
around doing things and haven't got a
chance to take her on a proper walk so
we're doing it now and she's very
excited aren't you busy
Brittany's Instagram game is on point
guys it's 935 now gonna cook some of
this popcorn again had the other night
insanely good
oh hickory smoked cheddar oh my gosh
guys the vlog has 1300 likes we said
2222 but I'm sure by morning or
something
we'll have that many likes and you guys
will get to see the teaser finally well
guys that's it for today's vlog I did
want to say we're finalizing the details
for the short film showings theater
showings and I'm gonna make a Facebook
page like an event for those who are
going to come so you can RSVP so we know
like have a rough estimate of how many
people are gonna come but for people who
are obviously out of state or aren't
gonna come it doesn't that won't really
matter but I think next vlog will have
the details set it'll be October 4th a
Sunday so just for anybody who does plan
on coming in Colorado
October 4th is gonna be
we got super excited got a snowboard
can't wait for the snowboarding season
to start I'm surprised I'm saying that
because I usually I don't like winter
that much time I've never really been a
fan of winter but this year I'm slowly
becoming more fond of winter because
snowboarding now so anyways we will see
you guys tomorrow goodbye miss Cynthia
home
