well Friday but guys welcome back to
vlog yeah hi fine
I've got Isaac hanging with us today ya
wanna know what's happening yeah if you
guys have seen the movie elf oh boy one
of my favorite Christmas movies they do
some funny things in it
what happened and yep I thought of an
idea of watching elf the other day and
buddy the elf
eats some really funny strange
interesting foods so I thought why don't
we do the Buddy the elf challenge and
try those foods that he did today in the
movie yes I'm excited cuz a lot of this
like really sweet so it probably doesn't
taste that bad he just must have a cue
let's go we gotta go the store and get
some supplies hey guys we're here at
King Soopers ready to get the
ingredients for this are you ready Isaac
yeah this is gonna be Andrew very soon
in a few weeks guys you too by the way
this is not Andrews or I son this is
Mary's brother for those who don't know
yeah yeah let's go come on man we got to
go find the stuff so how an elf movie
buddy the elf has this spaghetti meal
that he makes up
well let's recreate it this is what you
picked out no we want a normal spaghetti
this is not the right spaghetti man it
was this one here I didn't carry that
spaghetti look like yet maple syrup it's
candy chocolate sauce yeah M&Ms
marshmallows sprinkles pop-tarts maple
syrup chocolate syrup yeah well that's
just what we need man yes Isaac you're
lucky you're with us today and not mom I
don't know if mom would it's like you
have this many sweets yeah don't tell
mom yeah tell mom gummies huh means we
already got all this we had we almost
have all the supplies so there's a scene
where he drinks an entire two liter soda
which word not gonna do that because we
blow up so we're gonna do salt sir water
it's like carbonated water let's get it
yeah
put it in the cart
it's almost Santa
what a shame is that what did you find
now you found it if you guys watch it
you have to watch this movie it's so
funny okay
we're home we're gonna get ready to do
this challenge but comment right now
what has been the worst meal you've ever
had in your life
oh yeah cuz this is probably gonna be
bad
but but bad we gotta get this spaghetti
cooking because this is gonna take ten
minutes
oh no what are we gonna do for ten
minutes oh all right you're filling it
up with water I've got that looks very
soapy as good it's gotta be clean what
fresh beginning not wrong Jimmy yeah hey
Isaac we're alive you prankster all
right guys the water is boiling you know
what that means it's time for spaghetti
wait you gotta crack it in half oops
all right film this what's your name
point the camera up here someone has to
try a piece this spaghetti Smee it's
ready no no not ready no it's not ready
Isaac should I put it back in
yes we need to get our elf sweaters on
in three two one
oh yeah we're ready for snacks this is
so elfish
Isaac you're so jealous you don't you
didn't get one
Oh guys the spaghetti is ready Isaac the
spaghetti is ready spaghetti and bound
what's the order of business probably
spaghetti first right oh yeah of course
a nice bit of spaghetti just a little
bitch beginning where's your plate oh
it's on point today we start with some
maple syrup yes guys oh you're not every
Louise
I got it whoa guys alright this is gonna
be disturbing oh yeah just like hell
they got chocolate on my hands mom last
but not least we got some chocolate
sauce oh my oh my goodness you're ain't
gonna try this thing I'm doing it elf
style what's that
hands yeah remember from the movie I'm
doing a bone Appetit if user fork is not
the elf way that elf don't you form this
is a stream you said this is gonna be
good right yeah I thought this is not
the spaghetti is such a strange thing
good mom said that she said you can't
this is really bad
yeah I can feel cavities for me already
that's how I can tell I'm not an elf man
because buddy the elf set the three
major food groups are there's four
though yeah whoops see I'm not an elf
who was the high five we have to do the
chunky uh oh well let's clean up our
mess Oh get this out of here uh who do
you think is gonna win me or Justin yeah
Andrew and I are going to chug this for
as long as we can to see who can last
the longest
you cannot tell you're done then you
convert Oh nuts
homie easy pal give us a countdown and
say go
Oh a little bit you had a little bit
more but Percy I'm still stuck in here
that's all we drink good I fell do it
hurts so bad
are you gonna keep trying you want me to
try and finish this yeah you got to get
a bigger / bigger all right round two
yeah I need to clear my sister
did you hear that I barely drink any my
stomach dude I think it's harder with
like just carbonated water like you like
this many Oh try that when what drink it
like get a big jugs and go eat and then
like shake your stomach up
how are you judging this competition
Isaac tell us because I know like how
how do you know who the winner is what
determines who wins all right there you
have it folks
these rules are confusing I think we
need to do in the park yeah let's go to
the park and have some elf fun right
Isaac high five
it's time for some elf fun oh that's fun
okay
you just gotta hold on tight Andrew
let's see how close you get the legs hit
the ground before you do this is so cool
watch a tunnel
it's a little fork I'm going down the
slide how can we both fit in here oh you
oh we're just making it happen
I don't know if you're a head duck
you guys I'm stuck at the top of the
North Pole and I'm not coming down till
Christmas what do you want for christmas
how do you feel I feel after eating elf
after eating buddy spaghetti
I feel not energized
I feel the entire energized I feel tired
of myself I got a quick burst of energy
and then it's gone and now I'm tired I'm
crashing
that's what sugar does guys I don't
recommend that no I would never eat that
meal ever again never okay guys thanks
for watching this challenge
elf video yeah since it is December it's
almost Christmas we wanted to get in the
Christmas spirit and do something fun
like today's video did you have fun isak
yes and peace oh we're here
we're already ending it peace guys Merry
Christmas
I wonder what you get for Christmas when
you give it peace
