afternoon eggnogs synergism sandwich
eggnog things we're on our way to
chick-fil-a right now wanna know why
because you did something I messed up
guys I messed up we were getting ready
to go prank and we're kind of hungry in
Aaron brought home a sandwich for me
from lifetime and I went the fridge and
there was two sandwiches there as I just
didn't want one yes I just hate it lady
ain't got cable yeah Aaron came home
from lunches and where's my sandwich so
now we're going to chick-fil-a to get
him a sandwich since we sight David to
Justin an accident just gonna start we
don't want him to starve plus it'll be
funny cuz we're gonna go and yeah we're
gonna take it to him it's cool cuz now
he doesn't have time for lunch yet Yoda
currently it's one o'clock and Aaron
doesn't Aaron's class doesn't start till
like 1:30 so we're just at the mall
right now I'm gonna walk around a bit
get the chick-fil-a in the mall then
head over to class
snowboarding season is almost here and
me and Andrew are both well here it has
is epic pass I'm gonna get an epic pass
before we can go snowboarding Lots
and they just got tons of new snowboards
so I'm trying to decide what board I
want to get the B seats while in
addition that's so cool cuz it's got the
Colorado logo that's nice
they got pretty cool garel boards -
Aaron's gonna be so happy
let's go hi we have made it to rampart
High School the National School of
Excellence Center Wow we've made it to
the hallways I always feel so like weird
walking through High School's again like
it just brings back so many memories I
kind of wish I was in high school about
how fun would be if we were in high
school but we were doing daily vlogs why
didn't we do that back then I'll never
know we think we found Aaron's classroom
I don't know they're playing a video
five sequences in a Miami Union heroes
in decline of the dodge journey the uber
hunts yes about six was a simple
accident that fills the food we're into
this yeah what's up man so what's your
name
Oh Khan you watch our videos I guess
what happened did you just run out of
your classroom to come say hi yeah I'm
in that class right over there I know
his brother awesome it was good meeting
you man thank you
we got cool little ID visitor badges to
their picture they're so high-tech you I
had a college now doing some pranks so
far so good
everyone's been happy the clip we got
the other day there was somebody who is
uh she was kind of angry at me not
really but she didn't want to be in the
video but we'll just blur her face cuz I
made her drop her laptop on accident
cause my bad that was the first time we
tried it it was just really funny you'll
see in the video but yeah I didn't do
nothing what the craps is this
you know how this works Andrew
yeah there's a vortex in there but if we
stop this will keep going so there's
plenty galaxies here these are all the
photo textures within mechanics thank
you all right well we're getting some
more clips and we ran into this fella
and this fella how's it going fellas and
apparently he does YouTube videos as
well and watches our Channel yeah well
what do you do a beatbox you beatbox
videos most popular ones I have is nerd
and then Optimus Prime I do not do prime
girls so that's awesome I can do I can
do yes we'd love to hear this
sick dude I was not expecting that yeah
yeah it's cool so I'm sorry oops that's
so crazy the first time I come here I
was like maybe I'll meet like fine you
guys will watch your channel OHS Ellis
so you guys want to check out his
beatbox videos
that's just so let's meet you man
they're filming they're sitting on
adventures it just we should get those
special on their bench we almost got him
but I were in the dorm room area now
because we're trying to see if we can
scare like a dorm room and so we just
got this door and they wanted to redo it
so just to let you guys know we're not
doing a setup prank or anything they
just wanted to redo so I'll just film
right here hold on
guys everything okay there
Oh what just happened yeah well we're
all done filming for today pretty much
we just filmed clips for me and tomorrow
we'll film more was injured yeah at a
different college in the NBA I saw I
started watching - Wayne Wayne played
basketball that got me into playing
basketball so in 2004 I started playing
basketball and his other mistress book
in 2007 I asked my mom can I beat and
the YMCA and she said yes so I place was
the YMCA high played Center because I
was too tall and the biggest on the team
I felt working for my teammates and
clothes on the YMCA's basketball team my
mom and dad was proud of me I smell and
said Wow hey it's been really nice being
with you guys today I'm gonna have
dinner you know just chillax that's me
too
so yeah oh well enjoy that okay we'll
see you in the morning I'll see you in
the morning guys it's been great having
you
haha well now that we're done pranking
is actually my grandma's birthday today
so we're going over to my parents house
to have dinner with all of them yes free
food
with YP how you don't whitey
hire one of your boxes okay
a really great job so we got some
delicious dairy free soy free and vegan
minis next we have a day yeah daya
strawberry cheesecake but there's no
dairy or key and it's gluten free enjoy
brain hopefully they're good these are
all gonna be busted good job your hat
Thank You Scotland it's not even sunny
out but I combed my hair today and it
was Brady so I was like hey bro ah made
it to the parents house
here we are it's time for dinner
let's go see what's on the menu this
evening pork chops and applesauce oh
this is a cantaloupe our slab corn all
right this is just this is fantastic
thanks mom Wow hummingbird it's so close
goodbye Jerry whoa
wow it's me guys look it he has won and
fully running around my first thought
he's why do you start walking in knots
oh yes why
oh that about just got back home making
some coffee with a gierek trying this
some dad's bug French Roast hopefully
this is good and also I know you guys
probably think I'm an idiot or whatever
but we got some popcorn last night and
look how much kernels didn't cook so I'm
trying to figure out the best way to
just like cook this the kernels because
I don't want to throw them away look at
that's just off that's a perfect bowl
popcorn yeah
so I'm like what if I cook it on the
stove with aluminum foil I put it in the
microwave just now in the loops and I
put it in the microwave just now in the
bowl cracked I look crack did that
happen I don't know I'm gonna figure
this out though all right so uh also one
of the you guys sent this bracelet for
Daisy in the mail to see if it works I
don't know if I want to keep it honest
if she chews it right if she'll go eat
that shall swallow that rubber but are
you gonna eat your bone hey are you
gonna eat the necklace yeah thank you
yes I might have a method guys give this
paper bag here
put these in here and with my
calculations if I fold this three times
it should pop so let's just let's give
it a try so I've left some room for the
popcorn a lot of TV a lot to do a lot of
job just listen for the popping folks
it'll come cama
can I just pop
I think I may have failed guys
and the verdict is yes we did we did
some at least oh so now for the rest of
the night me and Brittany probably gonna
watch some TV and we've been really
getting into a daredevil on Netflix it's
like another Marvel thing and it's super
cool I don't know if you guys watch it
but yeah that's what we're gonna be
doing
okay guys so I do not think I can wait
any longer
Rasmus sent us the teaser and I want to
show you guys so bad so here's what
we're gonna do I want to upload it today
or we want to we want to upload this
today so how about you guys give this
video get this video to 2222 likes and
we will upload it the second it gets
that many likes promise and just so you
know it's it's like a 45 second intro
it's not like an actual movie trailer
it's just like a teaser to get you guys
excited but I I can't even describe how
like excited I am to like release this
to you guys like acting is probably one
of my favorite things to do and to
finally have something like this to show
you guys I don't know I like I can't I
can't be scrap I'm just so happy and so
in it when the trailer up loads make
sure you give it a like to let us know
that you're excited to see the film too
but yeah it'll pretty much be up today
so get excited guys anyways thanks for
watching today's vlog and we will see
you tomorrow
boo bye
