good morning guys and it is time for the
moment you have all been waiting for
we've been getting comments asking when
are we gonna open fan mail well we're
back and ready you better just jump
right in so automail here holy crap
as always letters first then packages
just this oh do you have the ball dandy
foundation bag we if you read this on
camera that would be pretty awesome my
name is Brandon I live in arcs on 15
animus a student pilot what whoa what
watch my video is a great inspiration I
look forward to them for how I plan my
future good life with friends and family
the best I was hoping to get a hold of
those Jace t-shirts but I didn't catch
in time oh well once the bins dude I'm
guessing this is for bald Andy yeah I
didn't say but we just assumed now I'm
Dan he's Brandon I hope you uh do well
pilot school your Justin Andy hi my name
is Colton I have been watching every day
for about five months you have some fame
the last time but all I all was in the
envelope was a bracelet ah explains it
so now I'm sending a letter please write
me back
well Colton thanks for sending us a
letter and thanks for the bracelet hi
Jess you I'm Jon boy II hope you guys
get meal subs I love your vids please
shout out John in the video hey John
also he included this Pokemon card oh
thanks for the letter John hi guys it's
me again Congrats on your new dog I wish
I could get a dog but my mom and dad
think dogs are messy well that's all I
wanted to say Bay and I have a necklace
for your dog PS film your dog wearing a
necklace and then
more jesu it's pretty cool Oh sigh three
colors that will fit Daisy it's pretty
I'm not with day two right now but I'll
bring it home and see if it fits
I have been watching your for almost a
year
I love the Prince watching everyday Jace
- oh boy a more Jays - studios Jace - oh
yeah I think this is from Bradley hey
Justin Andrew my name is Jonah and I
just turned 15 years old on on August
well happy birthday to you I love your
challenge vids they're hilarious
I love the soul of one that literally
made me stop eating beef jerky have you
guys ever seen a quarter like this in
the bag voices - here and also check
this out I sent you guys one out of my -
signed Peyton Manning football cards
what but then he put it you put an arrow
pointing to it dad said no but I sent
some others instead please take good
care of him very nice with keV okay
let's see what's in here
char's this is kind of a thick envelope
man doesn't melt it or something what
the heck happened that looks like a
doubloon from Pirates in Caribbeans
Marius Thomas yes chant Bailey us West
Walker oh yes there Decker the combo
card oh well meaning Archie meaning and
dad this is dad if that's dead Barry
Sanders oh Jersey card whoa this is
Adrian Peterson jerseys card that's rare
Calvin Johnson he's my favorite wide
receiver dude you did not have to send
this to us there's only 99 of these
cards in the world yeah good I just want
to say like when I used to collect cards
if you guys didn't know and I will
always be looking for Jersey cards like
this we will be taking good care of
these I promise this is another letter
from Jonah and it says hey the money is
for half the ball Danny foundation and
the other half is for Andrew Duggal Bowl
isn't that the same thing we just don't
get
next time how much did he include what
is this what what why did you send this
much money $40
dude that is a record Jonah uh your
kindness is just off the charts man this
money is gonna go to a good cause Jonah
just so you know like all this money is
oh my gosh 40 bucks
Jonah Jonah or Justin and Andrew I live
in orange Massachusetts and I've been
watching for a few months now the first
video I ever watched was when Justin got
his tattoo
Wow that is a random video to find us on
well that I'm glad you found us you guys
always make my day better have inspired
me to make my own vlogs
oh it's epic I tried to keep this short
because you probably have more fan mail
also I made a vlog when I made this
letter Oh a from Anthony I pull up his
video when he was making this letter so
I just want to chill it dear whoever the
letters going to and play some soft
music along deal with it of him writing
his letters which is right there well
Emily thank you so much for the letter
and this drawing on the back jinks
little Korean boy hey dill pickles it's
Sam I'm 14 I live in Florida I love that
you guys are so committed everything I
believe God has given you guys amazing
talents keep up the good work
say hi to Erin Marion Britney okay bye
Oh PS this is my first fan mail but not
my last gonna sub since follow Mendes -
I think what that's crazy
but yeah it's pictures really okay
pretty cool oh nice it's a good like
just the way I get shaved
that's so awesome there's Basil's hi we
love it and Marlon that's so cool this
bag full of goodies for the bowl Andy
foundation I think the only one of value
is as penny which is much appreciated
going in the bag now judges in Andrew I
first found you guys from Kevin I've
been watching your videos ever since all
your pranks are really funny in your
blogger cool as well you guys have
inspired me to start a YouTube channel
to this day I still enjoy watching all
three videos on both channels I hope you
guys continue making videos for as long
as you can
from Cameron bald and emoney included
well Cameron there's no bald any money
in here I don't know if you're joking
but they operate Oh from Christian I
have sent a letter before but I asked a
dumb question anyway he'll cut your
balls and you should not go bald your
hair is looking do it
PS I found your video by searching the
coolest video ever what that's already
typed in and he found her videos so
funny yeah the Broncos the best prankers
bloggers ever I will forever watching
psi the Cowboys but this is for you I
see you eating fried chicken in a
library
oh I appreciate the letter Christian and
don't worry about asking dumb questions
we have a big letter here folks Wow
so let's begin hey Justin angel hope
life is continuing to be epic and
Colorado Springs
I wrote you guys around this time last
year and told you guys how much you have
changed my life for the better
I still vigorously I like to point out
the word vigorously watch your vlogs and
have yet to miss an episode
ah listen you haven't missed one video
that's insane I'd like to say my
favorite vlogs are those that include
coal TJ TJ flakes you guys are very
energetic goofy fun group and I've been
subscribed to Jason studios since
February 2012 Wow
and then he discovered her vlogs in
December 2013 like I said last year you
guys gave me a new and exhilarating
reason to go out and live and be happy
what really drew me in was your
positivity being yourself and Andrews
love for sports and things that are
greater than himself
like the Broncos Christmas and the Lord
of the Rings it's definitely on my
bucket list to meet you guys maybe out
of Broncos or Nuggets game one day
I can't express how awesome you guys are
to me if it costs money to watch your
vlogs I would definitely pay at least
$200 a year oh but Andrew Congrats on
the big day
that is coming up make sure to enjoy the
day and slow down you jerk can't you see
him homeless thanks man
stay I'm glad to see you have not become
complacent with your marriage I like how
you guys still have ambition to please
each other and have fun with each other
despite being married it's very
admirable for done anything bad in your
life that has led you led to you being
in trouble yep he's asking this because
he said you seemed so innocent and that
you could never do anything wrong here
vlogs um
I mean obviously we have all made
mistakes in life yeah I don't know I
also want to point out like just because
it's in vlogs like that's what we're
choosing to show you guys yeah I mean
I'm sure we've made mistakes before but
we like to keep the vlogs positive how
many times have you had detention by the
way I probably had by 20 attentions in
school Oh Aaron's home for lunch for
lunch Wow Darius thank you so much for
this super kind letter
we really appreciate stuff like this and
it just inspires us and helps us
continue making videos for you and
everyone else watching so thank you he
also said be on the lookout for Nuggets
Christmas present from me come December
hi guys my name is Caleb I'm 12 and I
don't watch your videos for about a year
and a half you guys are the best oh you
always make me laugh and smile when I'm
down my favorite videos are squeaky
shoes and camping videos here's one
dollar for a new toy for Buford
sincerely Kiel Wow not a what dollar
actually for not part indeed for
but we'll store in here just in case
well beaver doesn't need a 20 now but he
doesn't know where the dollars we also
put this Oh sick
chase two Studios I like the colors and
MN this letter stands out each colored
on it and on the back it says before
opening for a warm up say hi a ten times
point a ho ahoy ahoy ahoy ahoy ahoy ahoy
ahoy ahoy
eh alright I'm warmed up guys hey Justin
Stuart
it is I Niko I'm a big fan of vids I
love your vids when they make me want to
go to a store and do the same I have a
long car ride sometimes and I watch your
bits non-stop don't worry I didn't
forget Andrew here's a little message
for him go bald oh thanks
I just line a penny for you man like 12
cents or something with this boy hey
drawling to the Jase two children my
name is Walter I'm 10 I lives in New
Jersey
you're my favorite youtubers you guys
make me laugh that crap out of my pants
not literally some money for Andy to go
ball a dolla
yes that's it facial a letter Walter
please read on video dear Justin Andy
and Mary Britt I like your YouTube
videos you guys are funny my name is
Casey I ten years old please tell Brett
I have a crush on her oh yeah they do
some heart thing with my crown as
awesome okay well thanks for the laugh
man hi my name is Nico and I'm from New
York I'm in fourth grade and I love her
videos I've been a fan for about a year
now I think your videos are awesome I
watched every day I never heard of
chick-fil-a and King Soopers before I
started watching your videos well that's
good places I think you guys are awesome
you should upload more on from squad
Gaming which we will we were just
talking about that actually yeah if we
could sign the pictures that'd be great
your number one fan Nico let's take a
look at the pictures here quality boy
Wow I remember that thumbnail Justin
sign here and this is your picture this
is my face no but you sign here Justin
sign here okay and then Justin sign here
okay this picture it's on photo paper
which is kind of cool Wow and then this
bald ami foundation envelope know what's
in there just 27 cents yes thank you
Wow so this letter is in Italian but he
put an English translation below
thankfully woah it's really cool hello
Justin and Andy my name is Lorenzo from
Florence Italy party my English it's not
so god that's okay okay this is my first
ever fan mail and I'm excited so don't
accidently delete the footage
okay you guys shall come to Italy for
agnes nto jail giorno d Morty sure it's
a week-long celebration we have an it's
super fun oh yeah like celebrations and
there would be a lot of opportunities
for pranks I'm surprised you that you
guys have so many restaurants like
chicken fillet and Chipotle and many
others I have a few questions about
America that I would like for you to
answer for me Aaron has to leave now cuz
class is in nine minutes
and Calvin hello you better go but why
do you guys have so many names like USA
and US and United States and Colorado
just short for United States like us is
United States USA's
states of america in colorado is a state
of the USA in america
why do you celebrate the fourth day in
July that is the Independence Day
elaborate while America used to be part
of a different country written over
there and we decided we didn't want to
be part of them anymore
Independence Day that's it
would you guys consider coming to Italy
yeah absolutely not
tell the government to invite us or
something thank you from Lorenzo PS I
would have sent money for bald Andy but
I don't think Italian money is legal in
the United States both totally well we
can't like spend it but if you want to I
think some people have sent us out of
country coins before I was pretty cool
yeah Canadian Yugoslavia we can pull up
the pay in the restaurant is that
Italian money a rest very ways Lorenzo
thank you so much for the letter this
next letters from Johnny he sent us a
few letters and he wants to say here are
some vlog suggestions do more ATVing yes
go golfing yes
do more exotic car drives yes um in a
pub or on gaming channel yes I'm Johnny
you guys are awesome boy yay hey it's
cool simply DOJ's do i boy epic grill
thanks thanks for sending us letters
letters mutters so we have another
letter from Jonah this is the third
letter he has sent us I have no idea
what to suspect Oh what is that it's 20
dollars why who's that sixty dollars
what that was more than what this whole
bag had from all fan mail yes he went
and saw the minions so he sent us his
ticket that was a good movie well no you
are insane in a good way
like thank you for sin
this like what it's Zack again I forgot
to say this in my first letter but can
you guys sign some autographs sent back
thanks
that's it okay
yeah thanks Jase - hi Jase - Hawaii a
fan mail here just named drew please
read on camera my name is Andrew and I
am 12 I love your vids they are awesome
i watch them all the time
Andrew do you like being called Andy I
remember Justin gave me that nickname
and then his parents thought my real
name was Andy because he doesn't Justin
if you could name yourself another name
what would it be probably just Jase do
better name what how no what about
Huestis white hawk or something hashtag
best youtubers he included $0.07 with a
canadian queen of sorts huh and that he
drew here
k-stew with colored pencils and ahoy a
with colored pencils Andrew that is
fantastic or - Justin Stuart / Andrew
last name question mark Niko what is
this it says Jase - ah
Blanco's wait thanks Nico what's going
on guys my name is Braden I found your
channel thanks to I sexy
yes oh yeah and I'm just wondering what
video editor do you use please leave a
link in the description how about we
just tell you yeah we use Final Cut Pro
X on Mac like your new dog Justin I got
one on the same day that's epic wall
brain thanks for the letter he just
named you I recently sent you guys some
mail but dad destroyed it so I'm gonna
try this again
dad please don't delete it well I pretty
much said what I wanted to say in my
other letter so dot dot I heard
dog it sparked border collie and named
it Daisy that's funny because I have a
part border collie named Daisy to what
we should have puppy playdates
yeah PFC my last to leave the letter I
wanted some autographs hope those didn't
get deleted Andy don't go bald Britney
quick question for you and one of your
recent videos becoming parents your hair
was absolutely gorgeous
I was wondering picked out look please
let me know boo so pretty you're gonna
have to let her know I know how you did
your hair in that video I guess tweet
Britney she'll well anyway it's been a
fan since the beginning Mary ear just in
an Andrew I really appreciate you taking
the time to make people happy you make
me laugh my mom laughs - I found your
videos by looking a trampoline park and
have been watching since the sphere read
this on more days - and on camera please
fine go Broncos yes are you thinking
about doing a Q&A soon yeah we need to
do that we haven't done one while have
the great work I'm 11 years old boy from
Liam dad that's a cool drawing thanks
young for that Leto hey guys I just want
to say that enjoy your videos a lot I
especially like your prank leaves them
post I'm not gonna say that one of your
crazy fans that come back every day to
watch your videos but I do if you can
read this in your video so that I can
smile like an idiot knowing that you
actually did even though I don't think
you will because from what I've seen a
lot of people say that what who says
that I don't know but we're reading this
on the video this is from you sincerely
Felicia PS my name is not Felicia it's
actually Timmy I just think that name is
funny dog Timmy aww Felicia
hahaha they should let her Timmy Felicia
hi I have been watching for a year and I
really like your praise and vlogs you
guys are the best youtubers in the world
keep flogging you always make
me smile yeah squirt hey by Gavin thanks
a lot Gavin or the strangest letter this
is from Matt Paul it says America the
hammer and sickle symbol
well him we have another letter from a
different Gavin hello I'm Gavin I'm 10
years old I live in Minnesota but
watching bids for a year whenever I'm
film down a watching couple your videos
I'll not be sad anymore can you do more
trampoline videos
you're the best youtuber ever and he
included the Broncos logo logo which is
perfect way hey I like the way you did
this letter that must have taken a while
to color each letter differently hey
guys my name is Cameron and I'm 14 I
have a good idea for a party he says you
should go up to a grocery store fill up
with a car with much items and go up to
workers and ask them if they can help us
find the items but they already in the
car I think you guys are really funny
and I like that you can hear your beds
clean keep up the good work
res Jase do their and then also Joe's on
the back oh wow any joke
ginger standard I've been watching your
vlogs and pranks for a few months now
every single time a new vlog comes out I
try and be the first one to watch it
have you ever been the first one to
watch it that's the ultimate
accomplishment being a first I found
your channel by searching trampoline
parks ever since then I've been hooked
and then when I found out you're a
Christians I watched them even more I
had a pic of your logo in school that I
made but it got thrown away by my mean
after school teacher mrs. piggy look
dare her throw that away
why'd she do that I don't know thanks
for leading my reading my letter
sincerely Colin Benton incident - done -
done package time a Giant Peach good
morning salad dressings
hey JC studios my name is James I'm 15
and I want your vids for a long time
I've been coming to your blog channel
pretty often to see if you all have
upload it I also think that I might like
your own vlog channel more because if
y'all vlog every day almost feels like
I'm with you all yes Congrats with the
contract with Warner Brothers it would
be cool if I can meet y'all I live in
Alabama by the way could you tell
and or Mary I said hi oh hey
yes picture wow you got that printed on
nice paper that is just okay says some
of his hobbies are photography and
gymnastics so epic some good photo paper
yeah yeah on that so and this we do that
yeah yeah Big John and his Broncos what
that's really cool forgot to mention 50
cents for the bald Andy foundation from
James this looks like it's from Canada
there's something snacky Smarties yes
two boxes what's the letter say hi my
name is Connor my birthday is on the 4th
of July 9/11 started watching your vids
when you did that nasty jelly bean
challenge I think you guys are the best
youtubers in the world and I live in
Canada and I am sending you guys some
awesome chocolate they're so good
they don't sell them in the US correct
they don't yeah they don't son here
buddy thank you so much for sending them
we will be trying them afternoon heck is
this what is it ah says it's Hawaii
snacks who smoked tako and what doesn't
say was fun
Wow it is from Hawaii is that I don't
know but I'm getting nervous some sort
of fish I'm assuming it's from Hawaii we
have a mini package from Colby let's
take a look at what's inside Wow let's
take a look at the letter first
hey doesn't Andrew I have been watching
your vids for about a year now and I
really enjoy watching you guys and
here's a quarter for the bald Andy I
also sent a few snacks try them if you
want also do you guys collect coke stuff
if you do can you please show it our
names in this paper here nothing what
did he send rice krispies treat yes a
Baby Ruth bar Broncos helmet up just
pack a pineapple fruit gum I'm gonna try
that on necklace that says happy Mardi
Gras Oh wear it game on bracelet you are
that and that's it thanks Colby but you
want to know if we collect coke stuff
your let's go see here's a puzzle and
here's the bathroom
my mom has coca-cola bottles from all
over the world Spain Morocco Taiwan
Portugal just everything is coke in here
so yes oh just what is it dear any dress
in my name is Nathan I want to say keep
up the good video get back with I'm sexy
please vlog this first 10 30 40 50 cents
yes chase to do dog tags nurse oh dude
oh yes yes mines advanced warfare was
yours Knights ghosts would thanks Nathan
but uh is just another helmet what do I
wish you the happiest birthday in the
entire solar system I bet you bet your
anus I do what did I say something wrong
oh yeah we received a $2 bill so rare
yes
you're just manager I'm fortunate and
I'm a kid named Matt I've been watching
your videos since falling as the new
pony it just an both there's a $2 bill
for the ball Andy and they're really
rare now I heard they're worth $12 well
it's hard to say Oh nuts
sure thank you for making me laugh from
that who's that well chase you you just
a bunch of random stuff thanks bro
this is from Zach again I'm one of your
biggest fans been watching vids for
almost a week and I'm already their
biggest fan oh I'm already on inspiring
a three-legged dog
Wow did you start from the beginning cut
here's one set for the vault any
foundation Oh a chase Wow the color is
very vivid any two biscuits are you
ready kids
aye aye captain I can't hear you
your guys do on the 11 years old my name
is Kyle I've been watching your channel
for about two months now you guys my
favorite to watch regular TV or YouTube
oh I love your vlogs my favorite old
term for depression uh I put a frisbee
and I painted especially for you guys
Thank You Kyle
this is a custom chase to frisbee I
can't wait to see it yeah son chase to
frisbee Wow
yeah a dollar 25 and pop hi Jase - I'm
feel from Philadelphia I've been
watching for months now and I'm pretty
sure I've watched almost waterbeds I
found your praying Spreadshirt king
prank
males on YouTube I was eating Justin's
peanut butter cup the other day and saw
the companies in Boulder Colorado so
maybe you guys could go sometime
hoho didn't even know that that would be
sick okay oh if your vlog is where
Andrew prank Aaron's birthday of his ps4
box oh yeah
there's picture of border collie dogs
his dog Monty kind of looks like Daisy
he said he is a black face though and
then he has a google goat
sneezing account yes dad well I love
that Hey
ah - Justin angel hi my name is Brenna
and I watch your videos every day I hope
you keep making videos we will my
favorite prank fit is with Leimert latin
library one more thing can you please
read this on camera
yes she also included 50 cents each and
she said keep the money so holy crap we
actually get to keep this and not put in
the bald Andy all guys hold onto your
pants because we have high a check that
out guys Wow Edie
that is hi JC Studios I'm your biggest
fan I started watching YouTube is about
two weeks ago I watched all your videos
what I don't take time I know it takes a
while to make prank videos but can you
make them more often because I love them
Wow that's he says it's my first
Canadian coin I would like you guys to
have it good thank you
what is this
oh is that fish like be turkey's marlin
fish jerky onion pepper flavor that's
all it's in here yeah oh that might be
good you captured it Marlin I did I have
you can try it well I have Marlin in the
freezer still I guess this is a lot
better than sushi junk
oh look Andrew what that says box a to
go to remember in that last fan mail
video this one why did 202 take longer
than one of them I know last time the
other way was like a big sneakers thing
let's get this B oh geez
yeah fooled us how much Snickers are we
gonna have folks oh we should bring this
to the when we show our short films in
the movie theater something how we don't
know who sent this but yes I guess
that's like yes the biggest finale box
once I owe you two dollars you're just
in the end Reliford channel every day
wait for hours until the offload really
I remember one fan I got your channel
from Kevin in 2013 I want to know it you
are if you're ever coming to Chicago
because that's where I live and probably
other viewers of yours maybe one day I
don't know tell Erin I said Oh nuts it
so there's Romney oh say my oh say I
think I said that right this is for the
ball to Andy foundation what this is the
first thing I ever sent Paul dandy
Justin Jase to Andrew yes oh you Oh
Zipporah Hayes more
and we're going to try all these at once
wondering what Paul Coca Cola candy
November late high school fudge brownie
cookie dough bites never heard of that
whoa
well guys we have finished with all the
packages
oh we just have some snacks to try which
whoa all right
we are downstairs ready to try the
snacks I think we should get rid of the
crappy stuff first fine you open it
I got open it you have to smell my knee
juice fell hat you have to oh no you
know whatever if I can eat that ah dude
I don't really trust this bag there's no
expiration date on it like I can't can
this decision have to be refrigerated
what if it's like guys can't Oh
open that one now you guys and that's
good things it's already eat something
just smells a complete poop
la deuda what that's gross
to you it's fish it is a cute fish nets
we who eats this stuff
I thought awhite docks I saw Hawaii
snacks I'm like it'll be good no have
you got that crap out of the way let's
just keep jumping out eat this
call it off I feel better now
just for future reference please don't
send us fish next if you go fudge
brownie bites really good yeah they're
all right I guess I saw this cat
Canadian Smarties hey it's okay
basically like M&Ms I don't remember
having the dark chocolate ones just a
white chocolate Lilian just melted and
became a key op but like a holy up
higher it's a blob very dark chocolate I
don't know if I like the dark chocolate
next extreme sours you have to put in
six in your mouth won't alright we're
just going to put six warheads in our
mouth and just see this is going to suck
I think okay
cool ah hold it baby shower good ah whoa
my eyes are kind of water what well
that's it guys
what huh how come I need this after that
sour explosion well thanks for watching
guys hope you enjoyed the fan mail
thanks for sending us stuff you guys are
awesome
just no more fish things hey fish net
yeah
you excited or what
