good morning guys it is very early right
now 647 and it's looking lovely out up
so early today because Rasmus
unfortunately has to go home so we have
to drive him to the airport
yes 16-hour flight Rasmus you're sad to
go home yeah yeah wish we could stay
longer
it was super fun making these short
films
maybe next time I'm gonna sweeten that
make some shortcut yeah since it's so
early we're just getting a quick Kathy
at this place
hey there
are you tired
she's pissed cause she ain't getting any
of our food at least yeah Denver traffic
stop so Rasmus is flight back it's gonna
be insane how long is it good not that
much 60 hours then I land in Stockholm
8:00 a.m. tomorrow so hopefully he gets
some sleep on the plane because that is
not acceptable he's gonna be really
messed up I remember when we came back
from London it was kind of hard wasn't
it oh gosh thank you we were all so
tired yeah
goodbye goodbye have a good trip back
huh yeah so I'm with Brittany now we
dropped off Rasmus sad to see him go
back home but I promise we will be back
together with him soon making more films
just wait
we are going to Costco to get some food
because we are starting a ultra health
diet I don't know what you are calling
but right when I got in the car I
noticed Brittany bought some new sandals
Hey weren't they stunning Wow no you
don't have to say anything
these are just beautiful like very
supportive of feet like girls are gonna
know what those are because when you
when you go to get a pedicure and you
don't like have flip-flops they give you
though to wear out let you just walk
around the mall like this just in public
new sandals are you gonna what you don't
meet us why we gotta meet you at Sam's
Club but where are you though I stopped
talking I can't hear you are you there
yet
crap is this
Oh party yeah guys bring this to your
local high school party you will be a
hit all your friends will love this by
the way Daisy did this thanks a lot you
jerk
what spicy avocado hummus yes my
favorite hot sauce they have in Gigantor
sighs Thank You Schulz for doing this
yes didn't get too much at Costco
because I the other stuff I want to get
I don't we don't need in bulk so we're
just gonna get it cheaper but you got
yes
what Atlantic salmon delicious this 12
pack of flour bar apples yeah at
Andrew's house now and we wanted to try
these chimps we haven't tried them yet
okay a little busy I actually have tried
new to tried to put on the dog and this
but Andrew hasn't tried any of them
these chips on vanilla ice cream
insane good oh that reminds me of like
some puppy is oh so poppy is 1 2 3 4 5
ingredients in this Hey this is just
like really good Mexican chip so you'd
find that restaurant yeah yeah yeah
these are bat spiky but if you're
sensitive to spice maybe he'll be spicy
one tick chip come on mr. squirrel
so me and Andrew King Soopers right now
because we're getting something for a
new prank to try to see how it goes now
a lot of you don't do pranks may not
know this but producing pranks sometimes
is quite hard because of running out of
ideas and
not knowing what to do each week is it's
hard to please everybody else
so we're just
trying to do some new things and see how
it works we don't know you know please
everybody as long as we're having it
yeah as long as we're that's why we make
pranks is we just think they're funny
make it ourselves laughs that's a good
frame yeah but this prank that we're
going to try involves some peppers and
library Taco Bell whoa
rot talk about now because they just
came out these new daredevil burritos
they got three flavors and you guys know
we like a good dare we never backed down
from a dare a challenge I call it yeah
so they got the ghost pepper one the
habanero some Chipotle yeah so we're
gonna try this out for you guys are you
excited or what really good we want to
take on your dare the triple dog devil
dare
that's it
real good idea
are these spicy as all get-out are these
very spicy
okay Spencer might give you a little bit
of a bite
okay there is three different styles
daredevil and he heard the man he said
they weren't that bad
so we'll be the judge of that yeah all
these spicy things we're seasoned
veterans when it comes to this kind of
stuff so trust us not him yeah back in
the dungeon ready to try and we're first
gonna start off with the easiest level
Chipotle now I also wanted to point out
that we just got done done uploading and
filming this week's prank eating hot
peppers in the library
and Mina Andrew probably ate three
peppers total each so our stomachs
already not gonna be good and then we're
just Palin again habanero peppers
yesterday Wow so let's just say I hope
we're okay later
who we thought was a great idea to do
this the day isn't he might as well just
knock it out today so I don't want to
suffer another day yeah what this one
has zero percent spiciness zero why is
this even on the menu we dare you to try
this one
oh we've actually had actual habanero
sauce before peppers and if it's
anything like the sauce and this is
gonna be spicy peppers yeah the peppers
okay yeah this was anything that
whatever something angry would buy it I
can taste the habanero
where's the spice then just take out
spice put in flavor
it's very minuscule but it's there this
is not gonna be that spicy for the mouth
but it's gonna be spicy somewhere else
oh now for the finale ghost pepper ghost
peppers are insane spicy but I don't
have my hopes up for it actually being
spicy from Taco Bell what this was less
spicy than the habanero yeah why the
heck I really don't taste any spice in
my mouth and the bag that says now
you're on fire no what you're not what
kind of deer is this so yeah guys these
are just basic like if you're looking
for something spicy do not get this we
should tweet talk about say wow you call
out spicy I know I will thanks for
stopping by today guys they're the new
JC Studios prank is live so go check it
out and give it a thumbs up like
probably a total of five peppers each
for that video so spicy oh my goodness
but got some exciting plans for this
weekend we're going to the slide the
city which is a thousand foot slip and
slide oh my gosh it's gonna be so much
fun and we're gonna vlog it all like
always so make sure you stay tuned and
we'll see you guys tomorrow where we
upload tomorrow's video is going to be
we try Swedish candy with Rasmus so
that'll be really fun alright see you
guys
hi
