good morning everybody we're on to our
second fill a short film here with
Rasmus and Justin
yeah we're getting ready to shoot the
first scene which I'm eating breakfast
and then doing something won't tell you
how many by the way yeah the scripts
longer than another one I think this has
a lot more dialogue though yeah so yeah
we did a thriller I'm doing a comedy
this is gonna be awesome change the tool
yeah yeah we use that last night it was
the best very nice yeah easy young take
one Andrew and she's saying it first
yeah yeah and action
you seem a bit movie oh it's just weird
that taking a quick break from filming
to get some lunch and today's lunch is
going to be Qdoba because he hasn't
tried kay so I wanted to introduce him
to that so yeah taco salad burrito I
just got a chicken queso burrito Walker
lunch was fabulous and now we're in the
shops of Brigade and Rasmus wants to get
a few things for his girlfriend that
aren't in Sweden and one of them being
bath and Bodyworks Rasmus what does Hana
want different just a girly you know
typical delicious-smelling face have so
many was her house smelled like this
it's so good
you're gonna look oh really
time for to see Yankee Candle my mom my
mom yeah I've been in here it really
only candles Wow look at this flavor
candle mango peach salsa pineapple
cilantro what you smell the lid this one
literally smells just like chocolate
it's weird
cotton candy saltwater taffy Wyatt I
didn't know they had all these actual
like flavors she went in my Nona
joycie with a banana because I can't
seem to find this scent anywhere
did you see it by any chance you should
ask for assistance we did find some
weird flavors turkey and stuffing beer
camouflage you can't smell it that's
what it is
what yeah can't small things yes we
found bacon oh my gosh oh really oh yeah
that would be an interesting candle
though like in your house like invite
your friends over to have a barbecue and
just light the candle so they think
you're cooking Wow
guys look his Mac has a bunch of extra
letters and weird alien symbols you know
you say well it's a word with no its my
guy like andrew is getting on the camera
work i'm missing because Rasmus is in
this as well good job good footage
what are we doing now fellas well Joey's
pizza we're doing a pizza scene let's
see if they're gonna be kind enough to
let us film outside inside since they're
our local pizza company it shouldn't be
a problem
it's the you get trouble when you go
through like chains holding because this
will be perfect for the film if we can
shoot in the pizza place play will keep
you up
it's perfect
just so perfect so we just got the news
that we catch it here too excited do
they're like no problem letting us shoot
here this is like gonna be incredible
cuz as you could see in it oh it's just
it looks so good gliding so tomorrow we
are coming back in the morning to shoot
gonna be more excited fellas but but
right now we're just gonna film the
outside look at this setup yes got the
Mike Duffy the light the camera the
shoulder rig
crap car yeah we're gonna have to cut
redo no car this time we're getting so
many different locations for the comedy
we're at the post office now and this
right now is the best time to come
because they close at 5:30 and right now
it's like 6:00 or something so no one's
here get in the way after a long day of
filming it's time to chill relax
so me and Rasmus are gonna play some
pool hang out I didn't want to point out
earlier today our apartment complex
community it was pizza night so they had
a bunch of free pizzas which we missed
but I thought it was pretty cool that
they did that oh wait what the Brit had
a delicious idea for homemade dinner
buffalo chicken tacos with guac and
quinoa rice thank you so much I didn't
do anything yeah you did no don't lie
well we just got done with the pool guys
it's yeah just your regular pool you
know sitting in the jacuzzi now it's a
little chilly but it was it was
fantastic well hey guys I've been
getting in the habit of forgetting to
film endings which is very typical of us
I don't know why I don't just conclude
the vlog the end of the night but I'll
try and start doing that a little better
right anyways I just want to say thanks
for watching again as always the filming
these short films has been so much fun
and oh I seriously cannot wait to show
you guys and I can't remember if I have
told you yet or not but once these are
done we are going to try and do some
thing where we release the short films
on our YouTube channel but in our home
state here in Colorado we're going to
try and get the movie theater to show
them for one night and we invite family
friends and fans if you guys want to
come see it in a movie theater and you
live in Colorado
that's something we are going to try and
do so we'll keep you updated on the
progress of that I have a good feeling
it's gonna happen and it's just gonna be
a blast
it'll probably be a month or so before
these are released because we want to
we're gonna release probably a teaser or
something and I don't know you know like
what movies do they release the trailer
and then keep you waiting and we'll give
you a date and everything but yeah just
update you on that yes we will see you
tomorrow we continue shooting the comedy
so stay tuned come back tomorrow at 12
o'clock p.m. Mountain Standard Time
that's when we've been uploading lunch
time so we hope to see you back goodbye
