well good morning everybody and welcome
back to more juice - today it's gonna be
a very chill fun day with the wifey guys
how many weeks are you now Brett are you
31 and what is this let's see the belly
you guys it is getting like so big
that's crazy and like feeling her move -
it's getting more like big I don't even
know how to describe it like yeah
how are you Daisy are you having a good
day so far
whoa hey wait I have some errands to run
today and we want to show you the
nursery room baby room but today we're
gonna you know make it a little better I
think we've already showed you all this
this is like a little dresser we got
some already little toys that some
friends have given us and you know the
necessities of being a parent some
parent books and kid books and then we
have this mirror and above this mirror
is her name and we're not gonna show you
yet what is your guess guys we got this
on the wall we got some other things we
want to hang up this is just the best
little huge bed for her should we tell
them like the first letter yeah you're
gonna give you guys a hint that's her
first letter of her name so get some
guesses I am guessing that none of you
are gonna get it right that's just my
guess I'm gonna look through the
comments and if I see one
I'm gonna be surprised I mean yeah but
also look at her closet what aren't they
so cute this is all thanks to like our
friends Tyler and Becca who like
look at these dresses though like oh
it's gonna be so okay this one's my
favorite I think this is like a newborn
one that's so tiny when we got our
jackets over here
Daisy's exploring around still we are
gonna be having our what is that called
baby shower yeah baby shower soon and we
still need to get a few things you know
like a baby stroller and I just can't
believe it's almost time we got about
two months and then she's here and I
can't wait to introduce you guys to her
this is it's so cool but also here's the
updated wall we've done and with the
help of my mom as well thanks mom
as for me and my house we will serve the
Lord
just a little collage wall we're gonna
get the day going we got a few places to
go like mention and we're gonna take you
guys along hey don't hang up so let's go
this is a your new rocking chair I
thought it was a rocking chair into life
so you can drive this rocking chair as
well
my guys are starting the down switchback
coffee roasters
and local coffee shops are probably one
of 30 nights favorite things to do they
have like the best coffee impersonal and
they usually always have a good
breakfast got the avocado toaster guys
and it's probably one of the best
avocado toast I've ever dries
just look at this he's making you hungry
yes coffee to go
so tell everybody where we're at now
Britt I've never been here
it's the restore habitats I don't even
know how to explain it
there you go let's go outside so
basically this floor is kinda like a
goodwill for people you can donate stuff
it's just like you can reuse it so we're
looking for some things for Brittany as
a studio an inner studio we're wanting
to have a sink because as you guys know
she's like the creative master with
painting and stuff so looking for a sink
maybe see what else they got maybe
something for the baby room all right
where are we at now Britt right this a
huge antique store we've been here
before but antique stores are a great
place to come and find like hidden gems
that he wouldn't really find out like a
normal store so I think they're having
an auction today
and Brittany has never seen an option
Britany found this amazing little
section saw like garden themed stuff I'm
losing my mind okay Brittany she's gonna
turn our studio into like a little
garden themed area kind of like this so
this is pretty epic we just got home
stop by the grocery store real quick and
got some snacks and things for dinner
Oh God if you haven't tried this stuff I
actually haven't tried this flavor but
this cream cheese it doesn't have dairy
in it because Brittany and I can't have
dairy oh yes the grain is so good with
sprouted bagels so we're gonna have that
and it's also time to hammer some things
into our daughter's room okay yeah I
think that looks good just like this
high up yeah I think if it's too low
then we're gonna like literally poke her
eyeball out you trying to hold it in
also film Oh get it dad I'm beautiful if
it looks even that then we win I think
it looks pretty even what do you guys
think yeah I'll wait to do it until you
see your comments oh wow guys what I've
never done that why it's okay when
you're filming I'm not that terrible of
a hanging in you're not a horrible
handyman also all my finger please
bought these yeah look for the drawer
but I need it drill bit
a hole that's bigger because these will
fit yeah these are too tiny but like
look how cute these like little baby
birds are oh they're so cute
can i blurry but but I love how like
they huh oh my gosh J yeah okay now I
gotta go get huge whoops oh my gosh he's
bleeding oh gosh wow wow you are God so
now we're back to but the little birdie
hey Daisy
yeah easy how do you feel about not
being the baby anymore do you know
what's happening this room that's for
another human being
yeah are you gonna be okay with that
you're gonna have a sister is that okay
are you okay yes yeah look it's work I
actually don't have to yes way to go
what yeah way to go dad but now we get
to hang up her little hats
oh look how cute oh my gosh she's like a
little summer hat oh and we also have
like these headbands and like bibs and
oh all the cute things hande yeah oh you
guys I'm really like way too excited for
for this about this oh it's so cute just
I'm still trying to get that that's
really really good though yeah
baby girl will now be able to see and
like look back at all the hard work we
put into her nursery yeah this bed was a
nightmare to get in here by the way I
feel like Daisy has a little sass and
her Murphy she's like I don't get it cuz
your name
we're hanging up the tea I've seen some
of y'all messaging me seriously what is
her name oh are you gonna tell us no one
we're gonna tell you guys yet probably
when she comes right blast my finger
over again you won't have many fingers
left Brittany came up with a hack to see
these two holes here you just put
toothpaste where you need to put the
nails so then when you put it on the
wall see it leaves toothpaste mark and
you can just put the nails there I
didn't come up with that I saw that on
Pinterest but I appreciate you giving me
credit dun dun da and then what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna add some greenery
and some flowers around that oh now so
we have a white wall right here here's a
good shot of the belly look at that that
is crazy man we're gonna be doing the 3d
ultrasound that Andrew and Mary did as
well so that's coming in like a few
weeks so that's gonna be really fun to
take you guys along with but we're
coming down to the wire folks we are now
close to then on seven o'clock in
Brittany and I decided we're gonna have
a mini date night and go see this movie
that just came out it's actually only
out for one night whoa
so I'll tell you more about it when we
get there
you know we had to get some popcorn
alright here's what we're seeing guys
Curt cameras new movie or documentary to
call it connect I think go so awesome
too because today there are three
Christian movies out in the theaters one
that we just saw recently just I can
only imagine and you guys have to see
that movie it was one of the most
emotional movies I've ever seen it's so
good so ghosty that Walt's in the
theaters and then paul the apostle of
christ just came out so we're gonna see
that next but then this one which is
only a one-day movie
all right let's writers eat also this
upgrade and like all the movies in our
city this is just why we love coming to
the movies like literally every theater
has a headed like upgraded seats but
they're so comfy it's 7:05 in the movie
said it started at 7:00 i am seven
telling manager made about the else
straighten the lights down jeepers okay
we'll talk to this after the bow be fine
we just got back from the movie that was
a good one it was so the movie was for
parents and how to raise kids with you
know technology in the social media so
that was like very informative for a
Britney and I definitely learned some
things and I'm just so excited to raise
our daughter and we got a we're trying
to get as much advice and wisdom as we
can himself I'm glad that they made this
movie well guys thanks for hanging out
with us today I hope it was fun for you
guys and we just so appreciate you
coming to watch the video we'll see you
back here tomorrow
good
