what's up guys welcome back to more Jase
do guys we have something really fun
today
oh it's insanely fun I'm fun is an
understatement Andrew its what's above
fun like by extreme hey do you guys know
we love cars just like any other person
and we found this car at Perkins motors
here in Carter Springs that is extremely
rare and cool tell about it I don't know
too much about it but all I know is it's
like this souped-up Jeep
what kind of Jeep is that really cool it
oh yeah it's a Wrangler Rubicon yeah
it's got a Hemi it's got some power
it's got probably one of the most
powerful jeeps I've ever seen and
probably you guys have ever seen and
jeep is one of my favorite brands
probably my favorite brand of car and
we're gonna try and test drive it today
also our friend Nick he works here at
Perkins motors
oh well definitely a yes I give us a
nice to her let's go inside we are guys
Perkins the car is somewhere around here
so Nick should be working today let's go
into the showroom where they have a
bunch of already epic cars we found Nick
we're here to try out one of those rare
jeeps you guys have just the thing this
is this the Jeep Nick no we test drive
this bad boy this is so cool though
we're actually doing a long underwear
donation for the Springs rescue mission
oh that's cool we're trying to collect
300 sets of long underwear to donate so
you're putting it back here you guys can
come and give some undies if you want
apparently Nick is taking us to this bad
boy and then we'll tell you guys all
about it all right guys are you ready
what is this
dude this is so sick
okay so people you guys out there who
are looking at this Jeep might be like
whoa so cool-looking Wrangler but this
ring more Nick why don't you tell them a
little bit about it and what makes this
one so special so this Wrangler is not
like a regular ring this has a 6.4 Hemi
engine all the interior upgrades it's a
a evie jeang American expedition right
here so you what has got like every
single upgrade on earth you cool yeah
how much is this car $100,000 so let's
check out the interior maybe the under
the hood for you peeps out there who
like seeing engines stitching look at
this we got the - smells so good in here
that new car Smith scent nice huge
touchscreen even the handles here
so apparently guys when I was looking up
information on this car somebody told me
that this car has so much power that if
you are just at a standstill and you
just push the pedal to the floor it can
almost pop a wheelie Nick is that is
that the best way to explain you this
car can like pop a wheelie
essentially yeah it's got a lot of power
good I have never seen a jeep with a
hammie engine what how
brand-spanking-new this looks well there
you go
there's the shot we got the light
upgrades it's got the halogen lights is
a huge wench oh I do those are sick they
even got it right there if you guys want
to see the actual details there's just a
quick rundown so right here you can
actually fill this up with water the
whole over yep
why for if you're on the trail if you're
thirsty come on no there's actually a
pump no way man what does this card not
have this never run out of gas in the
trails and these tires are so sick
custom AEV wheels
guys leave a comment right now what your
favorite type of car is I'm gonna be
honest
this type of Jeep is probably one of my
dream cars I know a lot of people out
there like sports cars a lot but me this
souped-up Jeep dream painter what's
yours Corvette Mick Lamborghini see are
any of you with me
you like jeeps or do you like to
actually like sports small compact cars
that's kind of cool the cameras lie in
between the wheel what's the heck backup
camera well that's sneaky here's a
little under shot up here this penchant
dine attract oh we will be trying that
out you know that all right Nick we
can't just look at the interior we got
to turn this bad boy on what do you say
fellas get if she turn this thing on
let's hear what it sounds like
right start her up oh my gosh
that's so cool
oh I want this car so bad
when so cool
it's coming from a Jeep you never see
these type of Wranglers on the road you
ready to drive we can test drive it yes
Rock Paper Scissors to see who can drive
yeah
take us up the mountains or something we
can show you guys the cool drone shot so
Nick's gonna drive us to the spot of the
mountain a little bit where we can do
some trails but then we're gonna do rock
paper scissor to see who gets to do it
first you think doc Paper Scissors shoot
Rock Paper Scissors shoo yeah yeah we
even got butt warmers in this place
let's get some heat on in here
so do you have a spot picked out where
we can take this I do yes okay perfect
it's gonna adjust my near safety first
always does anyone know how this she
don't work no really we need to get it
fueled up before we go out on any trail
adventures Mountain adventure so food
we're at Mountain Mama's to going up
mountain adventure in the Jeep oh ho
yeah this is good I got good sandwiches
man
to see my favorite sandwich oh the whole
world ah yes whoa whoa Mountain mamas
where it's at look at they're so good
sandwiches this is just what I need
before any we've been testing out the
sound system it is beautiful guys
alpine speakers
so we wanted to take this Jeep on a
mountain adventure so we're up here at
Seven Falls
check how beautiful it is up here Oh
boys home oh cool
the drone shots are gonna look so good
so we have made it to the top of this
peak we're here at North Cheyenne Canyon
Park oh it's so beautiful
check this out guys
jeez that was so cool
could this cheap get any better uh yeah
we got the roof off now oh this freedom
tops oh yeah free I know and you could
actually take off this whole thing too
but obviously we have nowhere to put it
the backs yeah and look at that view
guys you came across a tunnel
this is sick
turn it off
oh why the land oh my gosh we did it Oh
does an arm workout dude this thing's
like against me look at your hair though
we have come upon this insane view check
this out
literally all of Colorado Springs and
beyond we come over here we want to get
some cool pictures with it
just this view right here this is what
adventurers like fellas yes Adventure
I love all like the little simple
upgrades even like these little like
bars so cool we got to show off some
drafter employees our new car right here
kangaroo coffee they're gonna hear the
power of the Jeep Sarge she wants to
hear it you want to hear that heavy that
can come from a deep bits of a nice gas
fire
you guys know a Corvette could smoke
this but still this point next to me I'd
be scared there he is
and he's leaving he sees way too scared
of it oh ok guys we brought back to the
dealership that was one of the coolest
experiences because like I said this is
one of my favorite cars fall tonight and
to be able to drive that so we are in
the parts store right now so if you guys
want to customize your Jeep
or any other vehicle for that matter
dodge they got the all the customizable
parts here that's what yes oh boy so
we're walking over to the truck center
they don't only have jeeps here what do
you got Nick we have some awesome
selection of trucks and our new truck
center as he sees new sign wants in a
truck but it's this same engine as the
Jeep but in a truck even bigger seeing
is huge
see this one since it has a Hemi - like
we were asking earlier would you would
you rather prefer this type of car with
the Hemi or the Jeep or the Power Wagon
let us know in the comments
hey guys we're here with some fans watch
the video what you guys names Kristen
and how long you've been watching
what anything else you guys want to say
to the audience well guys that's it for
the vlog make sure you leave a like if
you want this Jeep as bad as I do and he
really wants it by the way yeah
also nick has a special announced
yesterday all me an Instagram here's my
username right here shoot me a DM if you
are interested in buying a jeep a truck
off the any car any type of car here and
when you show up to the dealership say
the phrase Hemi me up for a great deal
nick is the salesman oh yeah you're
gonna want him here at Perkins and
Colorado Springs
Perkins motors anyways thanks for
watching see you guys next time
you
