more on a leopa cigarette the drug cost
yeah we are here at breakfast place are
at one of our favorite places the coffee
cup when he brought Daisy she's kind of
desperate for food she looks like she's
like she's buying it did someone bring
you water but no we got some chocolate
milk for starters breakfast should be
out soon it's a beautiful day here in
Colorado very happy Daisy you know how
to put your foot in there
here you spilt it now you can't drink
any more
nope yeah
thank you thank you got to Mickey now we
have to go to another qihai
mr. Duggal bye son who did you say to
her I I said her those nice it goes good
and it was a pleasure being here and you
have to go poop I'm testing rasmus's
Swedish skills with Google Translate
let's see how good he does that's a good
choice ok I felt busted no I think we
tricked him what you love the beans for
breakfast B yeah
take a look no Google Translate is
terrible at any any language who's
growing mushrooms over here
the crap uh King Soopers time with the
fellows we've met up with Andrew and
we're getting ready to shoot some b-roll
for the film but we want a snack in a
beverage
he loves Fingal's but they only have
three flavors yeah so we're gonna show
them the chips I'll rich right over here
and all the flavors we got and get a
yummy beverage look at all these flavors
dill pickle cheeseburger jalapeno pizza
cheese I've seen this on before honey
mustard barbecue what's the weirdest
flavor you think you see here screaming
dill pickle even that kind of sounds
weird to us I'd say cheeseburger might
be good snack time
I got some pretzels and FAMAS hummus
this is a pickle
so Hickel Pringle
would you get lemon yogurt and covered
almonds trying to loose there
what is that good no just dill no pickle
and this yes and this is cheeseburger
Pringles does it taste like a
cheeseburger kind of it is like mustard
what what do you think like a
cheeseburger you like it
I just taste a lot of mustard what the
heck
now we're curious to try all four
flavors Ranch honey mustard hamburger
and dill pickle all at once
all right it's gone it's gone
I don't know what's happening in my
mouth
checking your lot bill bill how much
deal yeah yeah dill is drunk so for the
first b-roll shot today we took Rasmus
to this beautiful overlook in Colorado
Springs that you can see just everything
well yeah we were just talking about the
differences between here in America and
in Sweden and doing pranks over and
Sweden like the people there wouldn't I
don't know what you say they'd be like
it wouldn't be mad just like no no but
not as friendly I guess yeah check out
this view whoa you're hot it is quite
hot out yeah
look at the bumblebee Leonard this
it's another bee of sorts okay there's
an earth
kyndra huh what are you doing with crab
claws another beautiful shot of the
neighborhood area
we just pulled off the road
people get the ball you don't know the
balls yet
yeah hey what that's bull Wow me debauch
high very dizzy
you guys Theo is holding on for dear
life but there's a wings he's holding on
very tasty
hold on you don't have a cup holder and
you don't want to hold your cup you just
said it right in your shirt listen
you go kick a mom for the baby
Rasmus you're brilliant coming up with
that idea thank you I think I'm gonna do
it from now well we're having a nice
game of minigolf going here with the
squad this is such a fun course
oh come on man
I want to be king
very very good
Wow yeah okay guys it's senior night at
minigolf
come on
good job oh all right so the Sun is
setting it's perfect lighting out here
like my goodness car scene and Andrews
parents old what is this uber suburban
yeah it's all cleared out it's a good
filming vehicle because there's so much
space in the back yeah we got to shoot
this scene and then we're going to the
woods for the night scene and it's a
wrap folks also this
ouch all right so we finished the night
shots how they go rasmussen very good
very good
yep getting dark out perfect because
it's film the night scenes in the woods
so and go get dinner and finish filming
you guys are gone Aaron dude Aaron put a
shirt on yeah this is turning out so
good and I'm just speechless right now
I know Rasmus is the cameraman master
he's that everything man he made this
whole scene just looked like a Steven
Spielberg masterpiece he'd be he's a
director cinematographer he does the
music editing editing like what when the
film actually comes out everything
Venapro do the color grading I can't
even say it right she made a quick pit
stop at home before dinner I had to grab
this and we have to put Daisy in her
cage but this is gonna be very important
for lighting because if you didn't know
obviously shooting in the dark requires
lights and since we're taking our cars
we need to have plugs to plug the lights
in and use the car lights so it's really
and Daisy's ready for bed because she
can't come with us what we need no
disturbances dreaming
good luck dinner tonight is going to be
especially delicious because this is one
of the best barbecue places in town
southern hospitality and these fellows
haven't had their hot wings and let me
tell you you're gonna pass out it's so
good yes it goes like you guys know what
you want you can seat you know they
close in eight minutes I said we could
go oh my Lanta prepare to be amazed
folks okay Rasmus I have a question for
you in which wings did you like better
Buffalo Wild Wings or these ones I like
them in different ways really yeah
yes the other ones are
unhealthy good-like and these are
good no no explain they are really
different the other one we got like the
tenders yeah the dipping sauce is
completely different sauce and these are
bones and smoked yeah what do you think
the quality of meat these are better
yeah but buff allow me says like better
sauces but in the woods now guys after
dinner we're setting up for night scene
testing out the lighting all right see
how bright this sucker is very nice Hey
look know what we're shooting this out
in Black Forest because it's got that
really you know woods woodsy feel here
in Colorado the sign is gonna be perfect
caution please stand trail all times
because the if you guys didn't know
Colorado had a big fire and a lot of the
trees are like black so it's got that
really creepy thriller look to it we
just finished our first short film with
Rasmus yes and check the time what is it
Wow on the dot ed knows but we've been
out here for
they closed at 9:00 if I got her at
10:00 we've probably been out here for
like two hours shooting all the night
scenes how do you think it went boss I'm
so happy I'm pleased with you two people
great thank you thank you it's gonna be
okay and this is only film one yeah so
film two is what now it's a completely
different side of us gotta get prepare
because we're filming tomorrow I guess
time for bed it's midnight but I guess
we'll see you in the morning good night
have a good time
what a fantastic first day it was and
I've been just looking over the YouTube
comments on the blogs that you guys are
leaving and I thought it was so cool to
see some of you writing in writing
comments to Rasmus in Swedish because we
didn't know what they said so we've just
had him read it and they're like they're
really nice so it was just really cool
and oh look guys hold on focus we hit
800,000 subscribers on jasiu studios so
one step closer to a million and one
step closer to Andy going bald but also
it is unfortunate that our puppets in
the drive-through got so many dislikes
like this has been our most disliked
video in the longest time I don't know
why see 4,000 thumbs up a thousand
dislikes like I really enjoyed this so I
mean I don't really care that it got a
lot of dislikes I just I mean obviously
it's not I don't enjoy all the dislikes
but I don't know why I got so many yeah
thanks for like seriously all the
support lately had more juice - I just
want to say thank you it means a lot
it's just cool that you guys are
supporting our vlog so much means a lot
but I guess I'll let you go thanks for
watching today and we hope you have a
fantastic rest of the day see ya
