well good morning everybody we are on
day one of the shoot we got the
clapboard here yes danger RT is wrote
wrote yeah we didn't even we're not even
gonna should we even tell them what this
is about no no but it's not like they'll
though like CAS little snippets but
they'll never piece it together yeah
we're gonna wait to show you the whole
thing once if we're done contact
starting off the scene in here
and Rasmus got his giant bag full of
gear yeah or I'll have to show them what
gear you got yeah we got we got this
radio the other day as you remember
which will play a big role I guess and
it's gonna be fun folks it's written the
first scene right here getting lighting
set up and he's got the Steadicam just
brilliant and a quick tip for you guys
if you ever have a wrinkled shirt and
you don't have an ironing board or I am
you just take it into your bathroom with
a hanger the shirt and put the water in
the shower on full-blast heat and let it
sit in the bathroom for just a little
while it's a natural dee wrinkler like
Miss why not so quick tip boy look at
that that is just beautiful
what camera you're working with Boston
Nick on d7000 aha and you got a
beautiful lens here as well okay it's
okay but he has more lens right yeah oh
my god no they're great here's the
script they're not going to show you
though
very nice
yes red warning c128
all right don't watch the first scene
and we're moving to the kitchen scene
which will be some toast absolutely
beautiful with a macro lens that's
beautiful yeah he was just hanging off
the car filming while we were driving he
couldn't do we were filming great
practicing some of the script because we
have more scenes to shoot really what
happened to you couldn't sleep what you
did a mess up in the script where and
this my radio turned itself on now for
this scene Justin had a really rough
night so we're trying to make it look
like he's really tired so he dresses
past help him rub some black on to give
him some raccoon eyes all right we're
taking a break from filming how long do
you think we were just filming for five
hours
yeah so we may have like three minutes
or bless maybe 22 of total footage 2
hours and 15 seconds two minutes - well
yeah we still got a lot what are we
shooting two more days on this one yeah
so yes but right now we're at
chick-fil-a because Rasmus has obviously
never had it just a quick snack before
dinner tonight since we haven't had
lunch some Nuggets tenders yeah nice
he's trying the chick-fil-a sauce as
well which is just absolutely oh and he
told the was it he told the employee hit
what his name was but it wasn't his real
name what was it
by stuff and what does that mean poop I
want this chamber zombie outbreak team
response team well we're here at
Goodwill looking for some more props for
the short film off you only would have
bested you tried
we're trying to read Sweden step Swedish
stuff to him and see if you can
understand us but we're completely
incorrect
I think indie colossal men niganda God
ouch acts a fidget Aven day Deena summer
effort soon proven la premi√®re Bob
anything yet said not colossal in the
color solemn and not candid it's very
you know special host Nicholas almond
not gonna go to acts of lead attendant
and I saw one used to do for install to
my from Paul if supporting look at me
that's what I said
forget it anyway we found out what
you're looking for
yeah this will do to radio cool yeah not
really what we're looking for but this
is so thanks targets will see you I and
we also got a dub a shrine one I got
grapefruit pineapple ganks it was good
would you get
hi guys I couldn't believe this Rasmus
has never played like catch with
football before he said they what so
we're just doing something he's never
done before that I think is insane they
mainly play soccer over there right yeah
he's already a star Wow impressive we
are downtown now and we're at this new
movie theater we've never been to this
is so cool what are we seeing guys oh
yeah this looks really cool right
mustache here we are ready for the film
boas and lady see what this theaters
like is it good or very bad it smells
like britni's cherish squeaks McGee
let's hear it
you see movies daddy yes
no nope it's trailers back home from
seeing cop car and the movie was in what
do you fellas think yeah yeah so I
wouldn't really recommend that movie but
it was fun going out and seeing it but
anyways moving on we are here night time
it's uh let's see 10:30 and we're still
shooting
we're doing some nighttime scenes in
Andrew it's just business man over here
with a script
we're driving home I just stopped in the
middle of the road because what is this
look something what is that dude that
doesn't look like a lizard
guys someone explain what this is and
what it's doing here what should we name
it I don't know
Jeff Jeff he's trying to cross the road
we need to help him he's gonna get run
over what if he bites me No ah dangers
lizard yeah ha ha it's not that
dangerous it's just like I don't
understand where he lives like ya
screwed up on my iPhone yep yeah get up
there yeah you're on your own
Jeff all right best of luck to you Jeff
you can make it across the long road
it's late so hopefully no one's out but
I'm just confused
well guys forgot to film an ending as
usual sorry about that but thanks for
watching today I know the behind the
scenes may be a bit confusing to you but
it all makes sense soon I promise
well guys forgot to film an ending as
usual sorry about that but thanks for
watching today I know the behind the
scenes may be a bit confusing to you but
it all makes sense soon I promise
well I guess we'll see you tomorrow
good bye
