good morning everyone we are here at the
mall doing a new prank and we have to
get a new prop for this prank or at
least want to why don't you tell them
what's happening this is one of our
favorite stores for props it's a it's a
character he or she is going to be a big
family member uh-huh we already have two
other family members these folks we got
this guy and this chef if you don't
already know what we're doing we're
doing another puppets prank and this is
legs it's so awkward
they have a firefighter a cowgirl a
pirate they've added so many new
characters now the big question is who
should we did kind of thinking chili
yeah I think true leader might be the
best and then maybe if this video does
well who should go with a doctor just
doing a check-up some people like in the
library yeah
hold still on your blood pressure oh oh
what happened to his face yeah they hold
her knee a fireman just charging well I
decided to go with the pirate I think
he'll add some character to this one all
right so he got the cop
the Italian ship we're here Jimmy John's
because we actually have never went
through this drive-thru before we always
drive past it again we're trying to find
a bunch of new drive throughs because we
always go through the same ones and it's
probably the same people every time we
got to mix it up you know do not say
that again to my face doing that that's
a practice I keep messing up like I'll
start talking but it I won't move his
mouth example hey guys I need to ask you
a couple questions yeah it is
wish I could honk the horn a lot of
multitasking but we just went to Jimmy
John's and they they weren't having it
today I don't know why some drive
throughs don't like they take the job
way too seriously like really just have
some fun
I know seriously it's like you can't
just play along for five seconds yeah
it'd be a little snow if so we keep the
driver who did that and I was working I
would just be laughing and playing along
so which some tribes throughs do but
Jimmy John's specifically today was not
acceptable all right Jimmy John's you
know no time for fun delivering
sandwiches Oh Great Scott
this is gotta be funny guys
hi have you seen a guy in a white chef
uniform a guy in the chef's outfit
walking around yeah huh huh
it's you it's it we'll have to come back
for it
Franken we think we got enough footage
we don't want it we only wanted to film
it all today because we're working on a
special project I'll hold this whole
week we don't want cranking be in the
way
but we're here at our friend Kate
Hayden's house because I need to give a
little haircut and Kate cuts here so yes
dad alright so I just got a quick trim I
actually didn't really get a haircut
with my hair I like just getting it
really trimmed because once it starts
getting longer like my hair doesn't like
stay up it like falls down and just
doesn't do what I wanted to do so
anyways thanks Kay for their cut right
now me and Brittany are driving to
Denver right now because we are picking
up the special guests at that Airport
which is about a coward drive
and he's coming from a different country
which is crazy but all that him tell you
about what he does and worries from so
yeah
so we're waiting to pick them up at this
and we're waiting at this gas station
area and we've been we found out that
there's an area that has really been
messing up cars so right here you can
see this sidewalk it it kind of looks
like this like Road just goes straight
through we've seen no joke for different
cars just slam into this curb maybe five
minutes maybe five minutes yeah okay and
already four cars have brain over I'm
like just waiting I want to get it on
film it Oh keep filming wait keep
filming yeah they all come from over
here just like so mad at her husband cuz
he just like they weren't going that
fast either sorry yeah it's old funny
but they're these I think it was a car
all these old ladies and they were there
just chatting about the guy who was
standing there well you know ladies come
there's just a gentleman right here like
freaked out cuz the car just flew past
them
he's like my boy to himself I don't know
if I'll be able to get any of anyone
running over cuz I think we have to go
pick him up soon but I just thought is I
wish I got it on film classic just wait
like we're gonna turn the camera off and
we're gonna leave and then we're gonna
watch someone do it again yeah
I'm not gonna people get on camera yeah
oh jeez that was a close one
yes she's got the car there that can do
that oh yes that's nothing man like oh
we tell you see like an actual car just
like fly like way louder
okay we got that we'll see now you guys
can tell we are in life
alright what's here yeah all right guys
it's uh I don't know a few hours later
we picked up the gat special guests I
would like you guys to meet Rasmus yeah
whoa
and that why don't you tell everybody
about yourself I'm a film director from
Sweden wasn't that crazy he flew all the
way from Sweden to shoot what are we
doing two short films together
yeah and you have your own what is it
production cook yeah we call it big
brothers pictures yes he makes amazing
short films in we're gonna be doing a
thriller in comedy short film and we're
gonna be uploading them here on more
juice - for you guys it's gonna be so
awesome and you guys will get to know
him a lot more since he's staying here
for like a week and he brought a bunch
of Swedish candy he's never been to
Buffalo Wild Wings before so we're
taking him to a bunch of new places oh
yeah let's let's just go inside he said
in Sweden though they don't have like
what only one flavor hot wing or
something kind of in Buffalo I was like
all right we're also here with these
folks hey guys okay
we've never seen you in the vlogs watch
it in your Mary's sister no like you
know they've been friends for so long
they're just like we're sisters
yeah anyways Rasmus we want to see you
would you get he got the chicken tenders
with ya Parmesan and honey you know you
got to try it tender and the parmesan in
the video oh yeah you have to dip it in
the sauce first
and tell us your first thoughts of the
parmesan flavor
is it good goodbye yes it was have a
good time ah it's like midnight here
yikes but what did you think of Buffalo
Wild Wings boss oh so good so good
exciting yes he said in the restaurant
it was insane
yep so that says a lot yeah we're gonna
be taking them to so many different I
can't see me so many different places to
eat he's in for a treat he's never had
Chipotle chick-fil-a dude so this is
gonna be here we ate like out a crazy
before
yeah we'll come Rasmus no we were joking
about that supposed to be a bad York the
joy the last name is spelled bj o RK but
you said Bjork Bjork yeah now just say
his first name is Rasmus Rasmus Majorca
but that's not easy say your full name
just normal like how in Sweden that's
miss of the otic we're done with dinner
and I wanted to show you guys where
Rasmus is stained we have actually a
guest suite at our apartment and we got
a reserved for him this is so awesome
you know what it's a sec this is a king
isn't it it is a little dark it's just
like a hotel room basically you hit the
bathroom amenities towels and his film
gear well we're glad to have you here
bro there's a little baby bunny nope he
said no well folks you're in for a very
exciting week we're gonna be shooting
films all week and they have scripts and
oh they're just gonna be so cool and I
can't wait to show you guys what they're
about and you will see soon so make sure
you stay tuned and come back and watch
what we're doing anyways I guess we'll
see you tomorrow go back
