hey guys we're here in Walmart and we're
about to build a giant toilet paper for
it let's go nice the toilet paper aisle
we got to build the walls and we're
gonna build a double decker toilet paper
for it which means we have an
underground layer and then the rooftop
pad if you want to blow a 12-member
alarm you got to start with the outside
walls make sure that no one can see you
from the outside and then from there you
move on the inside and create open space
the rooftop lounge area this is where
it's gonna start so we got to build a
wall right here so people walking by
them see us so here's what inside of the
toilet paper looks like what we need to
do is clear off all of the inside toilet
paper and fortify the outside of the
wall
basically got the outside wall done
perfect
the most important part of building a
toilet paper for is making sure that
outside walls are contained so no
Outsiders can see what you're doing
inside once they're contained you can
work on the inside and work on
decorations which we get soon so have
special guests joining us on this
venture the ladies how many people can
it fit
now that we got the basic layout of the
toilet-paper apartment it's time to go
shopping this isn't perfect it's lost
is ready for the bottom level - yes so
here is the entry as you can see with
all the walls it goes very far I started
a winding entry to make sure it's all
completely so come right in here is the
entry to the main living space as you
can see we got three couches Mike yeah
this is just for you know hanging out
where they come right here we have a
very long rug this is the main hallway
which leads into the princess room but
read before the prince
princess room is the dump trunk area
this is basically the bathroom privacy
area small quarters but it's perfect for
privacy
Furion with the princess room this is
for relaxation and peace and quiet give
a fluffy
Elsa bed with the poster which says
arrive in style which is where we are
all about the penthouse is going to be
book it out of there because they're
stocking the shelves and gizmo was about
to find a 40 yeah
unfortunately we weren't able to make it
to the top of penthouse but to be
continued I promise it will happen yes
we did we you know we got the whole area
scouted out you put the pillow and the
sheets up there we just didn't get to
climb up there so make sure you give
this video a like if you want to see
penthouse version because we promise we
will make a nap you got it
