hey guys how's gone in the car with the
ladies Syrian Britney there's Andrew we
are heading up to Denver today to do the
wipeout runs hi
very friendly fella I finally made it to
what is this place called Dick's
Sporting Goods park ah yeah I never been
here before but it's here and it's
boiling outside is Pilate upper 80s but
thank god damn water as balls we have to
pick up our packets go through this maze
it's okay
we got cool gift bags with shirts a
tattoo they're cool
they have about 45 minutes until we can
go cuz we're on like the noon wave sir
over here by the sprinklers just I don't
know what we're doing it's real hot out
here oh and they gave us tattoos is that
what y'all doing you should I push
Andrew in the sprinkler hey you nice tat
thanks it's permanent you should get
that permanent the wipeout room I did
this but we we're gonna put this vlog
camera in the bag and put the used GoPro
footage now so
to finally go forward waiting in line
forever sweating it looks so hot
Oh make sure you guys are really working
out those glutes when you're doing this
if you got a tough out we have made it
to our first obstacle the smash wall
well that last one was pretty basic but
this one sky's the limit
look bigger better
just got down with the ethnic slide
feels so much better now that we went in
the water it's not as hot out here
what'd you guys think
yeah next we got the foam pit of doom
we are all done with the wipeout race we
got our wipeout shirts on because our
other shirts got soaked as you probably
saw
but we're here in downtown or Denver
yeah downtown Denver trying to find a
good place to eat so what'd you find
some shoes if you want
all right well they look pretty good
besides the hole here that's okay this
is discounted so oh well yeah that's
fine
check this out guys we've been looking
for some healthy place to eat this
sounds perfect
Oh sick
whoa dude look they're so far natural
soda yeah hey what's wrong with that guy
try
right they also have this drink it's
just they said it's just watermelon and
wyman it's pretty cool it's good
Wow interesting food is here I got this
barbecue burrito but you get the guac
and roll in a bowl I got the buffalo
burrito and it says that there's blue
cheese organic quinoa super six salad
mix chicken they just got the naked hook
as well back home and we got all
showered up it was awesome
the wipeout run was fantastic such a
blast and I hope the GoPro footage
turned out I haven't seen it yet but
anyways now that we're all ready for the
rest of the day me and you actually have
to do some things because next week we
have a special guest coming out and
we're gonna be doing the whole week we
are actually doing something which I'm
not going to tell you yet but we'll tell
you once it gets here working on this
big project and we have to go to
Goodwill to find some items you will
soon understand
yeah before we get to Andrews house I
just want to say wow it's raining out
sorry it's kind of distracting me I want
to say congratulations to Sam and Nia
vloggers I don't know if you guys
subscribe to different vlog channels but
really enjoy watching other vlog
channels more than prank channels to be
honest and Sam and Nia
I just recently came across and the
newest video is going viral crazy I
watched it in this house I was so cool
the way he surprised his wife and
telling her that she's pregnant and so
they're gonna be having another baby
soon I just want to say congratulations
to you guys for them all I'm here with
Andrew it good well now hopefully they
have radios I suppose they will since
they always have the most random items
all the drills especially yes if you'd
like some amazing keyboards a metallic
chess board whoa whoa what's did this is
like a film machine oh no this is cool
you guys want to see typewriting in the
library all right we've got a few things
which we will show you later
have you even said what we're doing no I
said I haven't I haven't told you guys
yet
I'm keeping it a secret and we're not
telling guys okay let me just say this
this project has been in the works in
thoughts for months
we've been planning this out for the
longest time and we haven't done
anything like this before
maybe a little similar I guess but
this is just ah I'm so excited it's
going to take also it's going to take
probably a whole week to complete what
we're doing as well so that's a hint for
you it's not a prank yeah we're not
doing in the plane but it's it's mainly
for this channel as well so I'm super
glad you guys are subscribed to this one
because what we're doing will only be
going on this channel is he you know
your need I mean Brenda feel like her
spots are getting darker like the
lighter spots under her skin I'm excited
to see how big she's going to get cuz we
still don't know like her full size look
look right now she's this size maybe in
a few months we can come back to the
school blog and like compare maybe
she'll be like up here really well maybe
she is I was in Khalifa
been doing so well for us we've taught
her to sit leave it and also hand
motions as well she's was my dog I tell
you you guys saw her off camera she
listens fast but we have some amazing
plans tonight guys and it's not going to
be for this vlog though probably gonna
end the vlog here but guess what we're
doing tonight
toilet paper fort with the ladies that's
right
it's been a long time coming and
hopefully this time we're going to make
an even better bigger toilet paper for
it than we ever have before
so I hope you're excited that's going to
be a separate vlog but all man we have
some good ideas so stay tuned
otherwise we hope you really liked
today's vlog it's definitely something
different for us super fun activity the
wipeout run next up is slide the city
which is uh coming up the end of this
month s uh we'll see you guys soon make
sure you come back here tomorrow to
catch another vlog and don't forget to
leave a thumbs up I haven't said that
longest time but leave a thumbs up and
we'll see you on good bye
diarrhea thar
