good morning everybody good morning
everybody thank you guys for clicking on
this video watching the vlog today it's
gonna be fun
we are at a bakery right now because
we're doing some cake testing for our
wedding we haven't picked out a cake yet
so we got to do that but here he has
some cool pictures on her phone she
wants to show you guys
and please for us
here's some cake designs who thought of
its kind of woodsy there's one as to
uh-huh got our plates here from yours is
all gluten-free yeah it's pretty awesome
I got all these feelings let's try all
done with the Baker that was really you
finished all your cake too I didn't
finish mine those too much cakey
that's true cuz I only got three pieces
you have five piece yeah you're gluten
free and stuff anyway
that's it the sugar plum cake shop if
you guys are desperate for any wedding
cakes or anything or any cake those good
stuff let me go check them out if you're
here in this apartment we're at IHOP now
because you can't just have cake for
breakfast
mm-hm we have tried yeah it's not it's
not that good for you or so I like IHOP
cuz they have this stuffed french toast
which I want what I love that I hop is
that they have different flavors of sir
I know it's the best old-fashioned
blueberry
butter pecan strawberry yummy food has
arrived folks here's the stuffed french
toast looking gorgeous what you get when
your family
with avocados hmm yes it's gonna be good
guys oh you'll break I figs okay
deodorant whoa this is the big box
edition wow I'm gonna be honest with you
guys I ran out of deodorant a couple
days ago
I just haven't bought any and I haven't
worn any for a couple days don't judge
me okay I just had to tell you guys is I
haven't get it off my chest oh they got
some new flavors too smelly yeah the
smell like anything put that back hey
we're just looking at I funny and this
made us laugh a lot if you guys know
about Gino Smith getting punched in the
face run away to the movie theater now
cuz we're gonna see the gift it should
be a good movie and heard good things
but first we got a drink
a bubbly Bay I never seen this flavor
before pineapple
I hope it's good and another reason why
we're gonna go to the movies today is
because you get a free popcorn not free
small popcorn on your birthday and today
is my birthday so that's why we're doing
all these fun things today
yeah here are the gift we're a little
late so hopefully we can find a spot
this end
we're having dinner on my favorite
restaurants Tucanos have you ever walked
here before
laws now I'll show you some of the food
it's so good here I love it
salad bar they got this whole island the
salad bar it's so good
James Oh
oh yes so as you can tell they come
around to your table it just give you
different types of food so we got it
steaming brisket and pineapple this
one's a parmesan garlic beef
I have so many different stuff here
stuff that's
yeah bacon-wrapped filet also bottomless
lemonade's home now or playing some
Catan because that's what we do and
there's an intense storm outside guys
you were gonna go play frolf but we did
want to get blasted by lightning maybe
there'll be lightning okay hold on
zoomed in happy birthday to you happy
birthday to you happy birthday dear
happy birthday to you make a wish would
you wish for nd I can't tell you I won't
come true it won't come true anyways two
breaths yeah really you took way too
long that's cuz that first easy breeze
when did Mary's parents get you they got
me some Buffalo I was hip hurts oh yes
it was new I have one too says hey dude
hey do change oh those are sick hey
dudes hey do they comfy I don't know
they look comfy like loafers
tons of pieces in it Wow everybody wait
where's dad what are they called again
hey dudes
come downstairs ah sir Brock Osweiler is
out do the beans out the way birthdate a
Broncos game oh yes yes who's winning
that both yes max girl oh boy we just
got done playing the nuke and just
pointing out there you have so many
boxes here I'm not even mad we just
played this one so we're learning the
new rules and stuff I'm gonna play that
one how you feeling Oh
dude we're never gonna get through all
that's so fun I love Catan so much it's
the best game ever
whoever invented this class class TL
Buell you're genius man but it's almost
midnight so I guess that's the end of
the video cuz there's really nothing
else to do tonight except go to bed you
know huh yeah thanks for watching the
video guys thanks for hanging out at my
birthday that was fun
glad you guys could come to the party
watch the Broncos Broncos beat the
Seahawks by the way yes they did they
won 22 to 20 yes which is pretty cool
even though it's preseason we still get
excited so anyway so see you guys
tomorrow
diarrhea
