yeah what up guys as you can tell it's
nighttime here party people here with my
main man b-dawg Brittany's brother if
you didn't already know that today is
Hannah's birthday what's happening right
now
tattoo you got to kid me this is super
exciting you know all about them tattoos
and cannons and this is a bend and as a
boyfriend if you guys you guys haven't
met him yet but welcome been to the
vlogs yeah do you ever touch you by the
way
oh I was gonna say we all have tattoos
except Hannah but you two don't there's
a dot of yours here we are at the parlor
now you have to explain there wondering
what you want to get so you have to
explain what it is did you fill this out
for me Oh momentarily you know taking a
look at what it's gonna be I feel like I
wanna make very small free there we go
in there can you live no
took about five minutes to do this
tattoo Hanna how do you feel now they
got your first tattoo be happy
welcome to the tattoo club so it's
pretty late here and I'm gonna show you
guys my room because it's really really
messy right now like insanely messy so
don't judge me please yes you're so
messy so I'm gonna clean it tonight but
also my friend and I we were playing
rocket League and we're just kind of
talking like this room setup has been
the same since I finished the basement
which has been years ago it's been the
exact same bed over here couch desk TV
and sometimes it's fun to change up
stuff he said I don't know what I'll
help you do it tomorrow I was like okay
cool
now sitting here looking at my room it's
all messy house like no I'm rearranging
it tonight right after I go to the
bathroom we got the bathroom taken care
of first things first I need to work on
the clothes I got a big pile of clothes
here most of these clothes are like from
pranks
I'll show you so we got this purple
jacket from one of our workout videos
frat bros giant conjoined twins super
rich kid I got all these clothes from
pranks my closet it's only so big and
it's like so I probably am never gonna
wear this shirt ever again I just feel
so dumb walking around in this super
rich kid Aaron decided to show up we're
rearranging the room look at the
progress I've made edits all this is
nice and clean now
but this sides pretty messy still
half-and-half I were taking a short
break because we're gonna go to 7-eleven
get some snacks right nice shirt bro I'm
in the PJs so the thing 7-eleven is open
very late
do they ever close oh wow let's go hey
guys it's me 7-eleven come on in the car
wash out here looks so inviting just got
the lights on and I might come down and
wash my car you know that shower bed
your water manicure beige little sauce
have another scene the doorbell for
assistance thank you I've never seen
that before I know we have it left guys
oh oh there's Gio
thank goodness GF is here though they
got rid of their piste he is very upset
but
that did install some Bay's so this is
acceptable what snack did you get Aaron
I got a Mingo Bay and the tiny can of
Pringles it's my favorite here's the
progress we've made so far at the couch
kind of out of the corner here and we're
just trying to decide on what the best
setup will be I think what we're gonna
do is put the bed over here bed here
there the TV on that wall with the couch
over there and the desk in this corner
does it sound good with you guys I don't
want to make you mad or anything okay
let's see how it looks okay we'll be
finished
basically so here's the new setup guys
the bed over here the desk and then have
the game room over here a big huh oh no
it's come in this is what you'll see
you'll see the TV my couch and then you
look over here you get your bed in your
desk it's kind of different there's this
huge empty space there's nothing to do
with I don't know what to do you got any
ideas Oh nuts
that's all he can say but all the time
is it but babe no huh Wow it is it's
1:18 it's not to clean my desk but Pogue
do that in the morning so if you guys
got any cool ideas for this empty zone
let me know well you guys today's vlog
is a little shorter I hope you're ok
with that
Hey
what do you think you're doing Daisy's
doing pretty good lately except I'd say
the troubles with having a new puppy is
like having to constantly watch them she
likes to chew and be rebellious like
when we say no when she starts to
chewing something she'll go out and just
start chewing everything so we're
working on it we're taking her to Petco
classes so hopefully she gets a little
better and learns quicker she is a smart
dog though so are you smart dog Daisy
are you going to listen to your parents
yeah okay in other news for those of you
who voted for us in the streams the
Streamy Awards this year unfortunately
we didn't get picked as a nominee I was
really bummed when they announced
because I was like hoping we'd get in
but some other channels did which good
for them but maybe next year we'll have
the opportunity so I'm excited about
that but I mean honestly I don't even
know if we would have been able to
attend the actual event because Andrew
gets married on the day that the Streamy
Awards are going live so maybe it's just
meant to be that we weren't able to do
it but thank you to everybody who voted
for us and not only you guys are so
awesome so we appreciate it
I'm all dressed up right now because me
and Brittany have a wedding photo shoot
today which you'll probably catch in
tomorrow's blog so that'll be fun and
like I said we've got some fun plans
coming up next week and me and
Brittany's anniversary and whatnot so I
hope you guys stick around with us it's
gonna be fun
Oh guess what today is Andrews birthday
August 14th so if you haven't already
maybe go wish him a happy birthday on
his Twitter or Instagram both our
Instagram and Twitter accounts are
in the description if you aren't already
following us but yeah it's his birthday
Congrats Andrew hope it's a good day for
ya well I guess I'll see you guys later
good bye
yes
oh that good for you little yes
