good morning everyone today is the day
we are doing our first ever home town
meet-and-greet eat up whatever you want
to call it and it's very exciting
you guys don't know we're doing we are
going to see the Phantom the new
Fantastic Four movie but we're meaning
at this movie theater in Colorado
Springs
like two hours before the movie just
hanging out we haven't made it to the
movie theater it's quite a hot out here
I hope there the clouds stay out because
I was sweating we'll have to go inside
well guys we made it to the Meetup
let's introduce you to everybody guys
hey guys let's just go down the row
what's everyone's name and how long you
been watching her apparently they live
on our neighborhood so that's pretty
cool you fellows like two weeks whoa two
years what you're counting video got me
oh the following yeah yes Wow what is on
your shirt by the way
Frances oh yes yeah I was like confused
at who that was at first well thanks for
showing up man yeah I may live over
there so I just forget what you guys
remember the vlog where we went to her
birthday party
these guys we we run into them like
every other every month or something
yeah we're doing a prank mm-hmm
and she's rocking the Jase new shirt
that is just fantastic how long you guys
been watching again all right all right
we've been watching for about a year now
I just moved to Denver a year ago so do
you like in Denver yeah so we made the
drive down here it was so worthless
definitely well thank you guys for
coming out here yeah six months six
months you got that sweet skateboard as
well did you skate down here yeah really
well that's epic can you do any epic
tricks yeah I've been learning frontside
flips what you got to show us soon I'm
Jack Jack I've been watching for three
years three years anyone else been
watching for longer than three years
Oh Britney Wow yeah Wow looks like
you're holding the record then just
discovered YouTube today yeah
you've never been on YouTube before what
I've been on the myspace for so long
yeah 14 no just saw my new mixtape so
you're Drake actual Drake yep yep
find me on that yep
you had last time I heard he was running
that through his through the six with
his were loosely here hey guys my
brother and there's also my brother and
my name is Dwayne like the rock Johnson
- 200 pounds muscle and I've been
watching you guys for about two years
he's watched in about three years
you guys really hooked me off on the
Sukhoi ace those are my favorites we
haven't done those in a while and now we
got to bring them back still got to
bring it back and I was just telling I
don't think they don't look like
brothers your brother told us hold this
brother medium brother medium brother
youngest I guess you can you guys see
the resemblance
Andrew brought this yeah you skateboard
so hello how's it going what two years
he said he sent us fan mail - recently
all right two months ago and you're from
where Pueblo we actually used to live on
Pablo how do you like it there it's
pretty nice ten reminds me of the desert
you guys said you have a boat what we
have to come out there and I okay we'll
do it then well thanks for watching man
hello I'm Damon Damon and we're from
Texas Texas my son Colton yep Colton's
kind I've watched it all your stuff
through through his we're gonna watch
him for about a year and head back and
my favorite is the lettuce eating in the
library oh geez
that one is pretty fun one you should
try it sometime oh yeah these fellows so
you guys you guys aren't brothers
friends I'm Gary Gary and friend as well
that's fantastic
Loveland took a vacation so I can see
you guys that's so awesome like I know
he's responsible for so you guys were
camping and just drove down here cuz
you're in town wow it's just perfect
timing
yeah what well thanks for coming out
fellas I did that yeah yeah that's so
good
oh you thank you yeah too far did you
watch this very don't do my signature
guys hello how's God good you watch your
videos or no well she does yes she does
just kidding what's your name Kristina
how long you been watching she's well
yes hello sir what's your name Manuel
and how long you been watching three
years there's only two people here that
have been watching that long and that's
the other guy who just left and this guy
and he's with this pal here what's your
name
you guys gonna see the movie or not yeah
yes yes
ah hey we get a few tries
Andrew do a trick we're doing a group
pic for Instagram now yes mom over here
her mom doing the parent don't post them
and what are you guys doing
movie time and this isn't the biggest
theater Andrew are you kidding me know
more about this leader it's very very
big
and how many roomie are you anticipating
so much room for activities Everest is
another beast all together
I'm back dude well we're all done with
the movie who's a superhero movies are
pretty good I don't know what went wrong
with that so I wouldn't really recommend
seeing that there's probably and all the
other movies out better than that one we
are very hungry
since we didn't get to eat too much I
guess today
so me and Brittany are getting some food
at the pay way soap in here and I'm
meeting my sister because she is getting
a tattoo
yeah my sister's wanted a tattoo like
since she was young and she's finally
doing it so that'll probably be part of
tomorrow's vlog isn't us filming her and
the whole experience spent chica went
round these are the Kung Pao lettuce
wraps and let me say he said the best
well folks it's been a great day it's uh
about midnight over here probably gonna
go to bed now yeah Wow yeah actually
it's 12:15 but fan meetup was awesome
thanks to everybody who did come out and
hang with us we want to do more of these
so probably gonna do it different so I
don't know we want to do more meetup so
I'm sure in the future we'll do it again
maybe hopefully in different states as
well but next week's vlogs I just wanna
bring this up now are gonna be insanely
awesome we have a special guest coming
out and we're doing something epic so
hold your horses will tell you what's
going on when next week comes around but
you guys are gonna be so excited and
guess what guys in two or three days
it'll be Britney and ice
one-year-anniversary being married I
think that's pretty insane so we got
some fun plans and we're gonna be doing
a fun video together life is good
so stay tuned and we'll see you tomorrow
good bye
