morning everyone we are up early today
7:35 and you want to know why don't you
tell Daisy huh yeah she just wanted to
treat we are actually going to this
place this morning called Orangetheory
fitness now for any of you folks out
there who like working out or have
personal trainers you will really enjoy
this and as you know we like working out
what not did you know so I'll explain
more when we get there but basically
we're doing an epic hour workout with
these folks it's a me Andrew Murray and
Brittany are going over there right now
but first we got to have a quick
breakfast to hydrate our bodies and get
it energy so make us some eggs just look
at those eggs now that breakfast is done
we're leaving in quietly ten minutes we
got to make sure we have our protein for
after the workout this and we've been
using this guy which is very good it's
got 20 grams of protein and it's what is
it plant-based this flavor is the French
vanilla but you won they have a bunch of
different styles but yeah we got this
one now currently just takes a scoop
endure it and also since it is still
pretty early and we need some energy
boost to get us through this workout I
like this stuff which I will be taking
pre-workout energizer I don't know if
you guys take pre-workout some people
like I remember back in high school we
took like creatine and
just a bunch of random stuff I don't
take that anymore there's a quick
pre-workout snack some almonds good
stuff air folks
huh I'm putting on sleep oh God
taking this news during the workout
they're just the only lotion I have
enough man
I'm zip Dre yo are you ready to work out
or what folks you ready to change your
life did did ya sleepwalkers here to
push stuff in that's Orangetheory
because well everything here is orange
yes my bike
what are these bands here alright Mary
this one is going to go around your
sternum so you'll go right under feet on
your skin it's going to reach you're
actually afraid to show your heart rate
up on the screen once it gets going on
the orange orange theory is your
panoramic zone
so you're in spend twelve to twenty
minutes in that town it'll burn extra
316 your calories tomorrow but today
we're also going to focus on monitoring
sitting is your fat burning zone so 24
to 35 minute if you're really greens
down awesome I'll let you go and put
that on make sure it takes a look I were
getting ready to do the workout here
folks they got the good jam plan
keeps going up mine I am getting excited
53% okay so what kind of workout are we
doing today we're gonna power day oh
geez
all of and we're gonna do lots of
explosive movements on the floor which a
lot of burpees and power jacks coaches
time I know
ah we got you as our instructor starting
off in the rowers I see
this crazy crowd here that's you know so
become easier
mother
now watch all right first thing we got
to the high rollers from the beer the
more challenging it's a higher motor
pulling it up you're doing camels which
going one two three eight of those and
then we're doing neutral half thruster
light heavyweights guys
Oh
so hard oh we're not done yet three to
three sets of that now it's time to run
are you ready
we're going to go ahead and stretch our
chest first now we're checking our stats
pulling back all right guys we're gonna
take it up to your feet hey thanks for
coming you guys do well we're all done
now what'd you guys think
sorry say I know I was telling fall down
earlier I haven't had like such a hard
workout since like my football days in
high school so I'm feeling good and so
for lunch I have to work out meal we're
here at Whole Foods and they have this
insanely awesome salad bar so that's
kale or Bonzo beans just check that what
is so yes a ninety nine pound let's see
how much a waste well all showered up
and ready for the rest of the day after
that workout and yeah I gotta say I was
oh such a good workout I wish I could do
that every week and I think me and
Brittany might try that
thanks Orangetheory fitness and Colorado
Springs for having us out without day
two of prank we're a home depot it's my
turn to get some clips see how this goes
I just found this product guys if you
want to impress your friends at school
it's called grills you open it look at
that
you got grills dog and a fanny pack all
the Bay's will be jealous all done
pranking think we got enough footage
moving on
guess what tomorrow is my sister's
birthday she's gonna be what 18 so today
the 11th we're gathering with the family
to go get some food grandma on
everything so it was gonna be very fun
and Hannah actually wants to get a
tattoo I'll have her tell you more about
that but that's what we're doing tonight
the family is here and it's almost
Hannah's birthday I was telling him
you're gonna wanting to get a tattoo I
said you'd elaborate so elaborate pretty
sure they'll see oh they will see but oh
you want to keep it a surprise
okay we're at some Mexican place with
them and I just opened I never had this
place you know Kendall this is sick yet
whoa
Chili's yes
dinner has arrived my friends does he
say that they eat is very very
frightening
Hannah nah guys ask for a side of
chicken and they brought it down this
place is awesome good customer service
desert for Hannah
would you look at that baby back home
and check out Hannah's drawing that's
like insanely good oh you're good oh boy
luckily a tattoo hey she's got another
one Shannon sorry
she doesn't think as I in a stranger
they're gonna be friends he's a how old
is he you're a chicken
six months jane terming maker nice teddy
nice yes he's a chicken
yeah Wow before we end the vlog we have
some more extra prank footage now
today's Wednesday which means there's a
new j stu studios prank up we always
when we go out pranking we have extra
footage that we never use for the main
prank
so we upload it here for you guys and
the prank we did was the awkward
shopping list prank we've done it before
like two years ago and we just wanted to
do it again it was so much fun just
asking people for really weird items so
we hope you like these extra clips rare
Glen's with optional game-mode
what my brother needs this lens I didn't
know what that is in the house I've
never even heard it
grandma's glitch grandma's glitch
grandma's bliss I know but he's only 10
how could he do riddles bells grandma's
balloons do you know where Winkie cream
for my farm club the brand oh wait
just point cream also are you seeing a
holiday thing for the new century what
is it a holiday thing for the new
century can't find it anywhere
all the big thing I was just wondering
if this is the fast Philip a bath bill
open like goddamn
my little brother sent me here to find
some ingredients okay um do you know
where are you key ingredients that form
together creating a new way to eat it
who would agree
yucky ingredients yeah yeah me either
okay we're just doing some stupid video
Oh super day yeah he sent me these
things I never seen before and like
we're just asking people like unknown
items and see you okay - that's good all
right you could hi um do you guys have a
plot Fletch with extra circuits
Wendell's organic glob juice and plugs
that's what he texted me okay have you
guys seen any oopsie ouchie for pain and
gas problems no really I haven't you
guys seen this round I haven't trouble
finding it so my wife needs a double XL
gas-powered plunger with shocks on the
side I don't know so Walmart didn't have
this thing I was looking for and I was
wondering if you could recommend a store
that would what does it say a
collapsible plum goid use on the go well
use for on-the-go eruptions
sorry no we're taking the video we're
just asking people a funny question
that's like anyways thanks for watching
I have nothing else to say but we
appreciate you thanks for coming along
see you tomorrow good bye
