good morning everyone we are in King
Soopers right now getting some snacks
because the fellas are hungry what do
you got here Turkey brave truth getting
Eren goldfish a box of goldfish I'm
trying these today crunchy
mommy freeze-dried edamame veggies
jalapeno flavored non-gmo I'm gonna try
this as well looks delicious quick lunch
break
yes sir keV
sandwich I got the Ocean Club
it's got cucumbers and something else on
avocado hey good what what favorite sub
place out of all the subs there's Jimmy
John subway what are the other ones
which which which fire a firehouse
saying what do you like this I don't
know I really like the one in California
at VidCon because it's got the squab
bread
so if subway had squab bread or any of
these other places yes news what squab
Brett was until you show me how to bake
so would you get how's that sandwich
tips you good we're doing our ritual
Catan oh that's pretty good if you don't
like to talk first then the whole film
will just not feeling no we got our
leaderboard up there which Erin's in the
lead with five wins hi I'm in the lead
with 120 oh no I got this
nobody what's happening now little spike
ball Aaron is so desperate it's the
result of things we'll be digging yeah I
got it okay so spike ball if you go to
their website USA spike ball calm we
signed up for a spike ball tournament no
not a sponsor by the way you just really
want to play spike ball up in Denver
they have like little tournaments and
whatnot you create your team name they
have them actually tournaments all
around this the country suits the
possums they have regionals
have I a big tournament in this October
like all the T best teams yeah that's
pretty cool so we got to practice all
right now that we're done with
shenanigans we are at Walmart why don't
you tell them what we're filming well
it's about that time a year of day that
people go back to school so we need to
find some items we've done this before
and no it wasn't our idea but we had a
super fun time doing it and it's just
it's always fun to film this and you
guys liked it because we got good
feedback on it we're just bringing it
back
so we'll see see I've done this for a
while yeah it's done probably like two
years I feel like yeah apparently
Halloween soon not
three dollar stuff way ahead I guess
hikes what are they thinking filming
this guy
what up man how's it gone how long you
been watching Wow
we not even get one clip and he comes
out to us say he watch their videos with
boy your sister right yeah sweet well
thanks for watching man we've been
filming for a little bit and I just want
to say it's kind of hard filming now
with the 4k camera cuz it's much bigger
and I feel awkward carrying around this
bag with headphones no whatnot but they
haven't told us to leave yet so that's a
good sign but you begin some good clips
yes whoa
Broncos Matt yes you can have this whole
section nyan desk lamp why dude please
wow this is your session unipi the way
back home for braking got some good
clips gonna go back out tomorrow today
we just filmed Andrew tomorrow it's
gonna be just me getting clips how was
Daisy for ya tonight we're probably
gonna go build another toilet paper for
it since you guys really want to see
another one and we're gonna bring the
ladies as well oh yeah blow are you
sleeping yeah I'm probably gonna go get
some coffee now and we're gonna make
some chili for dinner so it's pretty
pretty chill night over here can group
yeah the time
this joins our favorite place guys wants
to see that symbol up there organic day
if you want copy she wants people they
just gave her a chunk and spilling all
over Britain's pants heroes nice to them
you wanna know here you go
uh-oh it's gonna be messy messy year but
I got a white chocolate mocha with
coconut milk and you just got the coke
coconut nope nope Wow
it's a miracle every time we go on walks
we really having to pull Daisy
now she's pulling us yeah anytime she
sees people this is not acceptable
actually it's fine it's annoying having
to pull her every two seconds huh
you have to go potty she's gonna go I
can feel it
you just collapsed she's getting good at
falling all right but it's a beautiful
evening out here it looks overcast but
there's no wind in sight it's actually
fairly warm out while we're outside
enjoying the nature I have some food for
thought for you if there is something in
life that you want to do or try out do
it what are you waiting for I was
actually just thinking about her the
other day like for example we went
skydiving now a lot of people are scared
of skydiving this came up because a
close friend of mine passed away
recently and we went to his service and
life is too short to you know worry
about the little things and so I'm using
skydiving hasn't
because we discard iving and it was in
the same like don't wait to do something
you want to do if you want to do
something go out there and do it because
you never know when your last day will
be when your last breath is I was even
looking through some YouTube videos the
other day and just other vloggers and
like man this guy this youtuber lives
such an awesome life I wish I could do
that man
my life sucks compared to them like if
you want to live that lifestyle then go
out there and make it happen
and if you want to travel there's
anything you want to do what's stopping
you huh really yeah just a random
thought I just thought I'd share that
with you guys what are we cooking over
here oh it's a surprise it's a surprise
right now so know that it smells delish
sit yes yes leave it leave it
yes the girl
Davy's learning fast well guys before we
end todays vlog we have some helium
characters extra clips that didn't make
it to the prank if you didn't see the
prank of our new helium prank in the
drive-through then you should probably
check that out because we uploaded it
last week but we have a bunch of clips I
didn't you sell through joy loss do you
guys carry cigarettes as well
that's all right thank you
ah ah I'll take one large party
bratwurst and a large beer and let me
say me and the homies are gonna start
with a fiesta but I'm at Arista I can I
get a burrito with a turbo and a carro
in a car go okay what do you recommend
because my wife is very desperate and
very pregnant when I left the house she
said all she wanted was olives have you
heard of me before
Oh
anyways so I'm desperate my wife's
desperate what do you all recommend is
she pregnant very pregnant
very desperate you think you've got the
double whoppers yeah I'll just go with
the sticks okay
you
I think just the sticks she loves trees
and branches three Viet do you have a
vodka fragile stir I can pull up and
talk to you you're very strong action
Bree Viet Russian okay do you have a
vodka
no alcohol better yes can I recommend
the Sebastiaan burger which one would
you recommend out of that the original
Sebastian yes how can I help you today
by the way yes basically my mom was
wondering if you could have my burger
cuz I can't have any I'm still confused
yeah anyways hope you like those let us
know if you want us to do more
characters and if so what type of
characters you can leave some comments
down below and one last thing before I
let you go have you guys heard of slide
the city yes or no if not you're gonna
wish you heard of it sooner I'm on the
website now no this isn't a sponsor I
just like showing you guys like cool
things because I'm always looking for
fun things to do and I want to encourage
you guys to go out and do more fun
things in life rather than staying at
home gaudy comfort box have fun in life
and I I found this thing online and I
hit him up I was like hey we'd love to
come to your event and try it out and I
was like can you guys give us a discount
code code if we shout it out to our fans
and they said yes so basically slide the
city is a thousand foot waterslide
happening around the nation you guys
know we're already going to the wipeout
run next week so that's gonna be super
excited exciting but yeah they have this
event going on in several cities if by
any chance any of you guys are gonna be
in Castle Rock a Saturday the 29th or
Colorado Springs on the 15th which is in
like two days we have a 15% discount
code for you which is just the discount
code is Jace to Slide 2015 which gives
you a 15% off I don't know if that works
for all cities
if you are here and and if you're in
Colorado I'd like to join us then
hopefully we're going to the Castle Rock
location on the 29th but yeah check it
out check the website out it's just
slide the city calm we're gonna make an
epic vlog there anyways I've been
talking a lot so I'll let you go
Davey did you get out of there did the
beans are you doing alright well I guess
I'll see you tomorrow
good bye
