what's up everybody welcome back to more
Jase - howdy we hope you're having a
great day so far you're not gonna
believe what's in this box what is it
angel they're not gonna believe it
it's unreal check it out what well you
guys priority know by the title of this
race but just feel this just feel this
guy if you didn't know both of our wives
are pregnant so my wife Brittany she's
four months pregnant and Mary's gonna
give birth and PI two weeks
here's the thing us men we don't know
what it's like to be carrying around a
baby you never will understand but today
we thought it'd be funny and interesting
just to kind of put ourselves through
what women go through during pregnancy
right so that's what this is this is a
bug in me it's pretty like authentic
pregnant belly fake yeah it feels real
and it's got these shoulder straps you
strap on it this belly thing is like 9
point something pounds which is supposed
to equate to carrying twins oh but this
is just safe this is just like the belly
part so I mean when you're pregnant you
can gain weight in other areas but we're
yeah Phoebe you want to try it on I can
see what it looks like
the challenges are where this belly
until tomorrow so we'll take turns
wearing it just doing our daily lives as
different men different activities that
pregnant women do yeah just that
pregnant lifestyle why should we begin
with
start the day want to clean up the house
a little bit yeah okay okay yeah it's
yours
where's the broom so obviously Kevin
when women are pregnant
their bodies are doing two times the
work now clearly that's not gonna happen
to us so I'm not gonna get too tired so
you just have to experience what it is
like with a belly this could just be a
glimpse of your life like with a dad bod
right but you do have to bend over to
pick stuff up I'm trying on the belly
now I just try it briefly what some
chores are like not bad but I think now
it's time to kind of experience just a
semi workout it's important for pregnant
lady used to still stay active and
exercise and I went to the gym recently
with my wife but we're doing an hour
workout and she got exhausted very
quickly and she doesn't even have a big
belly like this yet hello Mary we're
going to the gym tonight so does she get
tired pretty quickly cute yeah she has
to do is separate workouts but yeah
push-ups let's see you pushup
yeah you see old man really hurt yeah
you probably wouldn't want to do that
either yeah you probably won't even want
to touch although they know now try some
situps I don't even think women are
allowed to do sit-ups if I ever call
guys let me look like an old man just
like the belly come on one more time
Paul that working out chores I'm getting
hungry come over here a girl I found
something
what for the young peope when women are
pregnant they also have strange food
cravings so I just looked up the top ten
food cravings during pregnancy
I'm never gonna guess pregnant women
love to chew a nice chocolate of course
yeah we got spicy foods hey Pitt goals
know you love pickles chips brew lemons
ice cream so I'm thinking we should try
some of these I'm gonna call a OBGYN
office
what do pregnant women typically crave
nowadays dirt did you say dirt I guess
we can try some
I know Mary's mom craved fish fillet
sandwiches from McDonald's Oh
okay guys so we should her in the car
now
right the grocery store yeah we just
drove here take a look at it wasn't too
bad are you gonna feel awkward walking
in on the store in this no this is my
baby your food baby
awkward it doesn't look bad just kind of
will you workout other parts you just
don't work on your abs here's a
first-person view of me looking down now
Andrew hey so we're at the grocery store
and I wanted to ask you so everyone can
hear what kind of pregnancy cravings are
you having lately midday pancake hey
sherry who needs a shopping cart you got
a chocolate what'd we get
chili chocolate has ever seen spicy
foods that's a big-time craving so spicy
chocolate and then we got pickles here
all kinds of pickles and as you guys
know
oh hey there
he's wearing the fake pregnancy belly I
mean what is this I think it's crazy
it's pretty crazy that something we
should get oh yes I'm just carrying a
child quick Andres some mid parking lot
jumping jacks I can see like white girls
who are pregnant like their facts or oh
yes this is only one thing we can't get
this door with dirt no we're here at
some park are gonna take deep is
obviously you don't want the top layer
because that's who knows it's time to
try some dirt you can create all day huh
yep here
oh good I think there's nutrients in
here if you're getting like organic
vegetables and you see dirt on it's okay
because the dirt is actually good for
your digestive system get that dirt out
of here am I supposed to eat walk what
why on earth is you crave dirt it
doesn't taste good if you're craving
dirt I don't know what you think it
tastes like coz the kernel doesn't take
good red chili chocolate
give me some Wow what I can tell from
biting the truffle or like rocks rocks
is good I can see why women crave this
just open it up careful I love pickles
Andrew hates them this one I haven't had
I'm sorry a small slice no there's like
slimy and could you drink some no it's
time for a quick reminder of why
pregnancy is pretty cool guys this verse
is from Psalms 139 it says for you
formed my inward parts you knitted me
together in my mother's womb that's
pretty cool huh I actually didn't pay
much attention in school all subjects
and more recently ever since Brittany
got pregnant
I've looked more into you know what it
looks like the whole process from my
conception and all that stuff and the
watch this
yeah the process is amazing I watched
the whole this video on it and it is
just there's no way there's not a
creator just seeing that video and it
just God is so good so thanks for
sharing that mercy in here let's go on
to the next part of the video labor can
be pretty intensive but us boys have no
idea never will but we're going to see
if we can't experience it so we're here
at tens unlimited here in Colorado
Springs you guys seen those videos for
people like guys put the little pads on
their stomach so we're here now let's go
try it out yeah
I may be pregnant not sure he had a
large boy how we're going in yeah the
contractions are coming we're gonna have
them explain what this is all about
Desmond and why don't you just tell her
I danced what we're about to do and why
do women do it typically we're going to
do a simulation I guess of pregnancy
pain so we're gonna put a twin stem
combo unit on you guys it's going to
contract your muscles similar took
attractions for women and you're gonna
see how painful it is the tens part of
it can be used to block pain for women
oh yeah they're having them pregnancy
pains in their back it actually will
help block that pain out for them two on
the top two on the bottom on my stomach
okay yeah I'm hooked up he's at first I
wasn't really nervous about this but now
that I have these on I'm very nervous
gonna lay on the floor maybe so you both
can get filmed at same time sure it's
gonna start with the top or the bottom
whichever one you guys plugged in first
I'm just gonna let you feel the
stimulation first K it's not gonna hurt
yet you feel something so you feel
anyway yeah so the higher we get with
this oh the mornings alright so you've
been rose you both are have seven on
both of you like a man and Psyche
running all over my body
okay you ready for a contraction so yeah
they go to 155
if you guys have to list it will show it
contracting for you yeah okay ready
this comes with contraction we all ahem
catch-up first ships
whoever reacts first loses between me
and you all right I'm game all right
we're going to turn it on and just keep
turning it up and taste they stop okay
you're good
well the baby's here
don't ever get pregnant they're trying a
new hack trick she turns it on we can't
feel anything until we touch like with
my hands see we both have it in whoa
yeah yeah circuit complete the circuit I
can touch you anywhere you get shocked
yes Oh shocks you yes all I can feel
that my finger I can't feel it I can
feel it my finger I achieve all of my
fingers everything all right guys it's
almost bedtime I got the belly on so but
first aren't do a belly comparison even
in my belly in your belly you can use
this belly to be a scene I can see what
it's like to try to sleep in this maybe
it's different like this Billy because I
feel like when I'm like rolling over
it's like very difficult I can't see my
toes it's time for bed now see you in
the morning well guys this is the end of
the vlog thanks for watching man gosh if
you guys ever get the chance to try out
that machine of sorts whoa I think I
think we need to get one so we do more
challenges with a in freaks also we just
hit three million subscribers thank you
guys for supporting us we so appreciate
it here's to the next whatever amount we
get to glory to God first and foremost
and also thank you guys for coming back
supporting Daisy calm down we'll see you
back here tomorrow
