good morning folks we're at a dangerous
house right now with Daisy I'm Brittany
because like we mentioned in yesterday's
vlog we're going camping today and
Andrews family has these pop-up chambers
I think it's right back here yep we're
gonna use that guy and it's gonna be a
blast we're gonna go by a river and
there's just Daisy's first camping trip
is that supposed to amuse me little girl
all right
got it back up and get this gay we got
this one out of the way so now we can
back up and get this trailer so this is
going to be challenging but I have faith
in us look at this first right folks Wow
expert mode Plus married help backed me
up a little bit yeah while we figure out
a few complications with the trailer
we're getting some breakfast
chick-fil-a does that go to place man
and they don't have outside seating but
we're bringing karien because we won't
here's breakfast all gone coffee
we're in Walmart now and thank goodness
they allow puppies you know we tried to
put it in their car but they wouldn't
let us
like you wouldn't leave your baby yeah
it's too hot outside huh yeah we're
getting a bunch of food for camping and
we've never tried this before why is
that over the fire we do not know what
to expect but we're just gonna try and
how to cook it yeah it's kind of
I hope Andrew what's going on just
grocery shopping and random these guys
hey you guys watch our vids Wow oh we're
blocking the whole hour who are you guys
from oh my gosh on a road trip did Oh a
cabinet here yeah so awesome oh really
you haven't met any other youtubers yeah
sure they do well yeah thanks for
watching guys think about daisies we
have to constantly be taken out to the
bathroom she was like squirmy McGee
inside the store so I know she needs to
go plop good found some cool stuff
because we were sustained by a river so
we want some floaties we have options so
she also got these inflatable rafts like
surfboard raft
Oh whale they got whales elephants the
family lounge yeah it's only 30 yeah if
we all went in the boat let me know
there yeah so that's an option
well we're taking a quick break where's
the campsite no no find it
the campsite was full we heard there was
free ones can't find
Daisy found she got a smoke here
ain't nobody gonna take my smokes for me
setting up the camper now 1010 in it ten
ten ten ten ten ten ten in and in a
denim instant and the rivers right there
let's give you a quick tour of the
trailer yeah got a nice table for eating
snacks the sink and all this doesn't
work but it's here this bed and this bed
yeah so it's pretty cozy place I guess
it's a nice change we usually are
staying in tents so this is cool
we did it two tires and two wheels this
is gonna be fun folks we're all ready to
swim the plan is we're gonna walk up a
little bit and then so we go down the
stream and end up right here so we don't
have to monkey around and the dogs in
there spray to be barking and people
interview what Papa oh well I'm gonna
switch over to GoPro now so we don't
ruin this camera
well we are back from whitewater rafting
and if you couldn't tell some guy at our
campsite picked us up and drove us way
up the road so we can float down the
river and we floated for about probably
an hour I'd say because you all have a
good time I think we all fell off our
rafts like at least three times after
sitting on the whale for awhile we kind
of figured it out and yeah it was just
so much fun and now we're getting ready
to build the fire today Z's never been
in the water so we're gonna see if she
likes it because I left Europe and I try
and put her feet in and see if she's
like I mean just her feet just repeat
she's like what is yeah she has to see
other dogs playing that's how it worked
with Teddy yeah it's all gonna play Oh
Daisy any firewood you don't want to
just cut cuddler wood with axes and
swords yeah we found a bunch of fallen
trays over here
yes all right let's see how this does
yeah like I said earlier we're
experimenting with pizza
hopefully it cooks and stays delicious
what the tires going good pizza huh do
you see what I did there saying I've
ever seen oh no pizza for you then good
pizza for you let's take a look
you can see the pepperonis are getting
sauced the cheese is melting yeah does
it look guys are you jealous also I put
on both my shorts because there's dang
mosquitoes keep attacking me pizza see
after you sir only this worked well I'm
filming Justin cutting pizza is it
crispy if there's also a knife I did yes
I finally have pizza eight slices cut
with a knife Wow now let's just dig
right in what's this by the way stir-fry
stir-fry it's actually pretty good I'm
not even lying that market yeah it's
actually pretty good
dinner was delicious and before we go to
bed I have my computer and we're gonna
watch Star Wars
hey y'all what who's in here
who's there what you're doing this movie
is about to start so watching the first
Star Wars because Britney's never seen
any of them I've never seen any well
good morning guys didn't vlog much after
the movie we just went straight to bed
and I'm gonna be honest with you me and
Brittany didn't probably get any sleep
because of Daisy we think she has like
an ear infection of the sorts so she was
scratching at it all night yeah but it's
a good morning and it's a beautiful day
up I just like that we camped right by
the river it's very fun and we got bacon
cooking and oatmeal
back home now probably go take a shower
just cleaning out the car I bought a new
football I don't know if he shows you
yes it was only ten bucks at Walmart
yeah a good deal anyways just lets you
guys oh yeah yes we're going to some
event soon we're not telling you yet oh
really
or are we telling them no better be soon
oh yes this weekend insane fun you guys
are gonna have loved it
uh-huh well see ya Rock bye
