good morning fellas buddy having me
always messing up my intros always that
you my intros notices my intros anyways
what are we doing today we're at the
Magnum gun range cuz we want to shoot
some guns I haven't shot too many guns
in my life to be honest I've only Shah
Life shotguns and rifles but this place
has like tons of cool stuff and it just
opened up right that's been here well
it's fairly new yeah yeah so we're going
to go check out and see what they have
to offer let's go so many weapons right
when you walk in the door don't stools
and sparkles oh yeah
oh my gosh $1500 for these and they also
got these giant barrel pistols
yes I want one just cuz it looks cute
like what is that what's up man I'm
trying to figure out what Gunny when he
is yeah I'm gonna go with this guy he's
pretty colorful now what does this gun
again
it's a CX 4 right sick sick sports and 9
minutes of Baretta it's not bad and then
they have this whole arsenal
yikes oh yes
it's our machine-gun e stuff browning
whoa
we're about to go shooting now guys we
are ready I told him about our channel
and they're watching it right now yes
we're just choosing a target other kind
of hostage one okay
you don't want to
so when we do refer to firearm we're
going to have it in our hands like this
we're going to roll it over this part of
your palm is going to be right here and
your thumb is going to be on the side
here folk thongs are on the side good
job all right they only let me say bang
to go ahead and load in I like that now
then take the firearm and roll it back
in your hand that way okay now pick now
go ahead and pick up a firearm you are
ready to load by
we'll be back ouch
Susan no Susan I'll say cashews it just
let me roll the ball a truck Susan
and that's how I didn't Wow
Susan is safe all right it's Andrews
turn your glasses are fogging up
I don't either just do good I thought
just when you're shooting pretend
there's zombies everywhere
andrew saved
Geils life I sure did miss him at
gunpoint really God what do you want me
to hit his forehead
ri captain
Wow excellent
hi
what's happening I hit the green guy
that's Andrews he's going to try and hit
green guy let's see if he does it did it
better hit him every time or else I know
mines the farthest one out trying to see
if I can
at least
aiming for the bad guys lower legs
yes language-wise
here
mainly hit the bad guy yes fire I just
did a snapchat
well is fine moving on over here beef
jerky outlet to see if they have any new
challenges for us so let's take a look
ouch Carolina Reaper beef jerky Oh No
let's try it bite it
yeah it's a little spicy ostrich
kangaroo alligator
or I just got out of the store and we
each got something for the next
challenge
I'm going to show you are we we're gonna
save it are we going to show them let's
get in the car
okay thanks beep tricky I'll let I just
love that store it's so fun if you guys
have any near you you gotta check it out
and try some of the challenges that
we've done with your friends yeah
plus their beef Jerky's really good so
oh yeah alright show them what the
challenge is going to be to get them
super excited it's something I really
there's against what something into
really hates that we've talked about
recently we'll give you five seconds to
guess
five pickles sweet hot habanero pickles
yeah we're gonna we are still going to
get more these are just the two that we
wanted to try horseradish pickles and
horseradish is very spicy and it's just
gonna be nasty not excited for this I'm
kind of excited cuz I like you guys know
I like the pickles but I don't know if
I'm gonna like these or not yeah I got I
get a couple more flavors and we'll be
good to go
our next stop is Bass Pro Shops because
the beef jerky ala is right next to it
and Andrew you said you got some other
challenges right you guys remember the
one I did with Aaron the book of
pleasure in pain we actually got that at
Bass Pro so those probably have some
pickles I hope I got some things every
time I come into this place I'm always
amazed at how big it is and how much
like stuff they did they're like the
walls and decorations it's insane
usually just regular dill nothing
special about $13 for Dill's
have sweet jalapenos hot and spicy
munition those are just talking yeah
where are the pickles we were wrong
about Bass Pro they don't have any
pickles but King Soopers does yes yes
now we're just getting one more because
we're doing something special you have
to wait to see the video to see what we
do I was telling Aaron about the
challenge we're doing he says he hates
pickles too back at the apartment with
Britney and Daisy and Andrews back at
his house we're actually going back over
to his house right now I was just with
him I'd haven't really vlog since we
left me and Brittany a short video for
her channel and getting some dinner but
we have to go film a challenge so
what's happened they're not like
reintroducing at Robbie's Andrews dog
Buford - Daisy you don't know what's
gonna happen hopefully they're become
good friends all right
hey Buford boo-boo spirit the breathing
masters will fall over there's a laser
so we know yeah how old is she 16 good
man spirit your old house - Buford look
just lay down
you're shaking so nervous check her out
for power I really know you're an
introducer disappearance yeah yeah here
at the old bean Izzie these guys we
found a spider and it's snacky guy he's
eating a bug yeah Oh take him home with
you burn it with a pet burn it with fire
immediately I saw I got all the death I
hate spiders
yeah sorry guys I bet that freaked a lot
of you out freaked me out and I'm right
here bunny versus puppy sneaking up on
bunny she's coming with the wrong way
honey this is eating not caring about
anything
hey did so are these sergeant Mendte hon
right yeah get right up on the challenge
now you excited
worse all right here's the aftermath
tell them what happened
Sox a million beers okay now we've both
had mess-up saying you have a check-in
so we looked back at the footage and
like wow and only phone for 11 seconds
this is weird minutes you mean and we
click play and his plane right it's
playing right now can you guys see
what's happening if it's in insane slow
motion we though this is in my 270
frames per second so it's 11 minutes of
just insane slow-mo and we didn't even
get through the first jar pickles we
basically just ate five jars of pickles
for no reason and it was spicy
so I guess guys you're gonna have to
wait on the challenge Friday we kind of
you know how to fart mess up now I've
had a mess up deleting hold a vlog
footage Andrew now recording whole video
and slo-mo well it is 9:47 p.m. so yeah
we're going camping tomorrow so that'll
be fun you're hey guys so are you
wondering about the fan meetup or what
yeah well the fan meetup is next week
here in Colorado Springs Colorado are we
in trouble
what okay where though at the Cinemark
movie theaters off of powers we'll put
the address in the description for
anybody who's coming yeah just meet us
there there's like a fountain right in
front so just meet there at 2 p.m. or
the grassy area yeah we'll be we'll be
right it's right there the grass or
something but yeah 2 p.m. and what we're
going to be doing is we're all going to
go see Fantastic Four and there's a
showing at 410 so if you guys want to
come with your friends and see Fantastic
Four with us then come join us or even
your parents whatever you guys want
so I'll meet up at 2 we'll just start at
then so we can you know chill outside do
whatever and then at 4:10 we'll
join in the movie Jill see if you're out
of state and can't come we're sorry but
if you're in state we hope to see you
there
essence for our Colorado homies or maybe
future we'll have to do future meetups
but yeah that's it so check the
description for all the deets and we'll
hopefully hopefully see you there
well I guess we'll see you tomorrow guys
bye
ha
