good morning guys today is gonna be a
super fun day because we're taking Isaac
say hi and Mary you can say hi we're
going to Broncos training camp because
Isaac loves football so hopefully you'll
have fun watching paint paper Manning
right it's a little past 8:00 so
breakfast to go I got some eggs it's a
little after 9:00 training camp starts
at 10:00 you're basically in Denver but
we're taking the scenic route to get
there as you can see there's nothing out
here
but we're in Denver we've made it to the
training camp it's way over there we
parked over here because all the parking
out there is taken so we got to walk
just a little way it's not too far you
ready to watch some football Wow
I think where you going are you doing
they're gonna go watch football with
Abby are you shy in front of the camera
huh
yeah you're shy in front of camera
here we go you got a good spot yeah bomb
Miller and DeMarcus playing catch man
they're really good recording logging
this is good footage what do you say
kicking field goals into the crowd
watching football
oh wow having a quick grape snack break
you want some grapes great
yummy they ever mr. let's go in it's hot
out here
this is gonna feel epic I'm gonna go in
there oh yes please
this whole area they just built this
year because whole building all vast
field before it wasn't this good but now
it's awesome the training camp is done
now they're doing an autograph I was
waiting like over here but there's no
one's coming over there so I try to get
Demaryius in the vlog you might say
Hawaii but Isaac made it all the way
through good job buddy high five yeah I
think what's the vlog now
move your fingers
we got Sanders down here folks here
especially no way to get an autograph
today I've gotten some before you see on
this hat so the guy I'm in the vlog
kinda so that counts
who did this who did this the Orange
Julius
Isaac is asleep
each tired
yeah times timers you get him a smoothie
he's asleep so that we didn't hey guys
just open up a new dry cleaners if you
guys want to check me out I'm on Yelp
okay see ya
eating lunch now Mary made some nice
food like chicken with this Tripoli
hummus and lettuce what stick this is
spinach oh yes
carrot this stuff is actually like
pretty spicy chipolte hummus but it's
good it's time to go film now bye Mary
I'll see you later high five ah who's
ready to prank this guy oh man he's
ready I'm just taking a quick siesta all
right we're out uh and the drive-through
is doing some Frank's now Andrews next I
just went he's dressing up like it a
German boy Hey look I took the straps
off so the pants are really heavy yeah
and I just went as the smoke and grainy
went pretty well
oh man what why don't you drop down one
of your fresh new songs one of the
singles onions I got a taco and a
burrito
give me some char ropes and a lungo give
me a Pongo with us along go oh do you
get what I'm saying I want to order
stuff for me and the sayings huh am i
doing some drive-thru raps you know what
I mean yeah loving some Baz what's your
rapper name it y'all my name is furry
lishus
I don't know what do you think my name
should be yeah he needs a rapper name
leave some rapper names down in the
comments for this guy
yikes Andrews turd yeah buddy you got
the mustaches what are you uh what's
your character bomber yeah
farmer Earl farmer wheatgrass Sunday
miss be grass
I want to see with this mustache back
door jumbo all you want boy yes cow
pastures
what pastures yes all right we're at
chick-fil-a so this will be lots of cow
pastures what you get here captain don't
ever disrespect a large order slaw
that's it just yep good day in the
farm or the Siuslaw work all day doing
chores get some slaw maybe some sweet
tea later hmm Justin looks like a little
kid do you guys like okay mine my mom
said I can't even play that game Oh
anyways I want a food I'm hungry by the
way okay we just finished pranking
hopefully we got enough clips we think
we did but if not we'll just have to
film some tomorrow usually when we think
we have enough clips we do end up having
enough clips
it's very rare what we think we do but
don't spoil what you know no guarantees
right yeah anyways I'm home now
so what does that mean thank you oh that
means it's time for dinner
I also got a snack from Burger King
which is very good at me okay
Oh see ya guys
bye so getting close to being 11 o'clock
just got back from the gym we were
working on some plans tonight but they
didn't really work out so this is the
end of the vlog thank you for watching
it's about bedtime but before we go did
want to mention that we're gonna plan
the fan meetup here in the springs
probably for next week because that's
basically the last week before school
starts this is gonna be a good way to
end this summer it's gonna be a fun
meetup so I hope everybody can come
we'll let you know the details more in
the next day or two sound good all right
well thanks for watching
