hey guys so as you know me and Brittany
moved into a new apartment and we
haven't given a tour yet so I thought
today want to give you a tour we haven't
done it before because it's always been
a little messy and we finally got all
cleaned up and ready for you guys
so come on right this way oh and keep in
mind this is a one-bedroom apartment and
here's the front door I wonder you guys
know that we do have a puppy and if you
didn't see last yesterday's vlog go
check out maybe some parking all right
so since she's only eight weeks old
we're still we still got her in training
so I just thought I'm just going to
carry her for this little tour here but
right we're walking house here is the
living room now we're right over here
and just take a look at this our work
station look at that we got the lighting
set up some beautiful pictures that
Bernie found hashtag yes so this is
where we do a lot of the editing just
work alright and then you come over here
we've got our TV set up we also got a
PlayStation 4 here every house has to
have a PlayStation 4 guys come on we got
our array of movies and games over here
which is some of the games include
destiny dying lights there's some cool
games here's the couch which we sit and
watch movies and play games a nice red
color those good we got our wedding
pictures right up here Bernie got these
printed out don't you get a closer look
at these
very good we're actually coming up on
our one-year anniversary so I've got a
special video coming for coming to you
in like about two weeks what I love
about this apartment is like the living
room and kitchen are connecting so in
every apartment I feel like the kitchen
is like a main component and I really
wanted an island and this is just
perfect
big let me turn the light here it's got
three lights make it nice and bright we
get our own cooking show right here
cooking stuff
Jurek for coffee in the morning if
you're tired our daily workout stuff
you guys know we love the viga take it
after every workout stop here this is
for snacks got a bunch of goodies in
here here's our bathroom which is very
nice and big we got our total shower
cream and the bathroom actually has the
laundry in it this is where we do all
our
stackable unit and here is our bed bed
here very nice two laps two tables you
know the use per bedroom
look at this me and Brittany drew this
how long ago we fell that it was at
least like before I graduate sir
2011-2012 like three four years ago we
still got it I really like this one too
adds to the room nice
cityscape I think that's a New York yeah
we got a walk-in closet as well which is
pretty packed a balcony it looks like
it's starting to rain right now we don't
have storage guys so we have to put
stuff on here the porch we got our board
for when it's nice and warm out we did a
rat around let's go back inside that's
not the only thing that comes with the
apartment we have a community center
which I want to show you guys now so
let's go one thing I love about this
place is they have the guest suite which
we can't go in right now but you can say
you have family in town and they don't
want to pay for a hotel they can pay I
think it's 86 dollars a night year but
here is the fitness center one thing I
love about the gym is its 24/7 me and
Brittany been going like every day and I
haven't filmed like many of the vlogs in
the gym because I've been wanting to
save it for this video but you will see
the gym in men
you
this is the community center which also
has 24/7 access to all partners
that computers right here
this is where eating and you have our
business meetings for YouTube
table we can get presentations hook it
up to TV whoa moving on to the fun part
check this out guys so we got a movie
room which they're all cable and all the
stations they can watch TV shows classic
arcade games for play with your friends
you know have that pool table which if
you like playing pool this is perfect
and then if you're hungry they have a
full kitchen so if you want to have
parties you I think you can rent this
out parties have friends over cook food
like pool relax now here is the pool
which is open till 10:00
yeah let me think
this pool is also open year round it's
saltwater and the jacuzzi saltwater one
thing I also love about this application
of the pores the view is insane you'll
see in some upcoming vlogs the sunset
you can see everything
a lot of people in the community have
dogs me play you backs all your trash
last but not least we have the dog park
come on in it's not the best of dog
parks but hey they have enough
they also have conveniently placed
grills all around the premises if you
don't grow perfect for cooking another
thing that I really like as well is the
roads here are so smooth for riding
boards
that's it for the apartment tour hope
you liked it gonna be filming a
obviously a lot of logs here and just
thought you guys should see it and you
wanted to see it so yeah I guess
anything else you want to say great
no oh and Andrews moving into his new
apartment and September with Mary
because he's getting married so that'll
be epic anyways we'll see you tomorrow
good bye
cry
