good morning guys how's it going I have
some exciting news for you
but I think actually I'm gonna have
Brittany tell you what we're doing today
because she has been waiting for this
moment for a very long time and it's
just gonna be a fun day
we don't know what to expect but we're
gonna see let's go find Brittany so she
can tell you what's up hey there oh all
right so um what do you have to tell
them what are we doing I'm so excited we
need to like seriously get going but the
reason why we are going to dinner for
today is because we're hopefully getting
a dog
so I am so excited like I have been
bugging Justin about a dog as years know
on all my social media bust heart but um
he's finally giving in I know that we're
going to what are we doing we're going
to an adoption event so the reason why
we are adopting is just because you know
like you're saving them from a life in
the kennel and my parents adopted a dog
and it's the best dog ever we are hoping
to find the right dog we have one dog in
mind and so we'll just like I said we'll
see what happens right and you guys can
see all the dogs we look at just
experience it with us hopeful hound
looks like they're already open keeps
already in here
yes
we are not breeders we don't even hardly
get from breeders except for problem
puppy breeders problem place there are
these puppies are not bred for profit
they are coming from a great need
meaning that you know the place of can't
afford vaccinations you can't afford to
take care of their animals we are a
rescue that rescues in areas of great
need we got it now again we have a
picture yes alright so we haven't had
lunch yet
we're gonna get lunch soon but first
priorities you have to get a leash and
collar we haven't named her yet kind of
we have a few different names we're
gonna discuss but we got a dealer get
her collar guys enjoy toy and a pink
collar
chick-fil-a time and here's the food
guys we're super happy we're just
chilling outside lonely people out here
so she can run around it's a great day
we have made it home with her are you
happy are you happy I just need to go
cuz obviously if you have a dog in
apartment you have to pay a deposit and
your monthly rent goes up so I have to
go pay that now real quick I'm gonna
grab coffee cuz I had to get up early
and I went to bed late was sleepy but
I'll be right back
got a little free coffee I got the mocha
here see they have so many different
flavors it's the best she likes my gin
oh yeah
it really is the best feeling just
having your own dog I personally have
grown up my whole life
owning dogs and you have to write never
owned cats it's been dogs and it's just
so cool to have our own our first nail
baby very little baby yeah doctor the
bass are the best there are a lot of
work but they're definitely worth it I
can't wait for the first time he takes a
deuce on the floor does someone have my
shoe she was running around my shoe get
back where's the Dalek we left her
nope I know
there we go now I'm taking photos of our
friends and their dog it's like their
anniversary and they only like Vegas
they do it every year so they asked me
this year to take their photos and this
little one doesn't have a bed yet
but so we can't really have her stay
home by ourselves No
an hour at Kate Jane's house and any
that's you guys couldn't be friends now
I want a picture of you and the photo
shoot has begun folks exploring the
world for the first time in how do you
like it
no going down there doe no no get up
we moved locations and we are at a
seriously awesome part of Colorado I
guess so there's this train track here
and on the other side of this building
there's a bunch of like custom graffiti
that people are always like drawing on
the walls and it's sick I'll show you
check it all the way and it's constantly
changing like I think new artists are
constantly coming here and like just
spray-painting over everything it's
pretty sweet it's a good place for just
seeing your pick sir whoa what is this
babe ruth's Wow check this one out so
good
Wow
they want me here we had a ball yes all
right I think this is our final pets top
of the day we're at Petco because we
have to get some food
you know just the necessities for dogs
maybe another toy water or bowls for
food and water got a bird on his
shoulder sorry I had to film this what's
his name
Zeus ah so cool so we got some dog food
here I only have one hand so I'll show
you soon
well toy thing for the teething and a
little cute pink double bowl for water
and food are you excite just miss
picking out all of this I'm
hey she's a girl she can't get her blue
stuff but I thought what we needed
the first potty break you want to go go
potty
note it down just go I'd say we're doing
a pretty good job day one she's eating
her food guys I think she liked it you
like her pink wool pretty sad yeah we
got some little toys so she doesn't chew
up the house this little elephant guy
tug a rope because that's what the
people said she liked to do this which
is chicken flavored that'll keep her
busy a little pig and of course a
frisbee yes oh we got this stuff max
natural chicken meal and rice recipe so
it's good for her systems because the
shelter was telling us that the other
shelter that she was at they give a
present pretty much like the most basic
dog food there is and she said if you
give them if you give her if we gave her
like a really good brand
she would have bad dumps we don't want
that because if she dumps on the carpet
and it's like bad it'll be hopping going
to clean up so we're gonna see how this
does
yeah be a lot better than there looks
like she likes the chicken bone so far
yeah Bobby's asleep we're cooking dinner
Wow
we also got some chips and salsa oh okay
so we want to try this stuff found it at
the place the other day look pretty good
and we're gonna have the chicken with
peas which look vicious as well well
dinner was good guys we've been winding
down got Hulu up she's kind of knocked
out Britney's editing her video right
now and if you guys aren't subscribed to
her channel yet she actually uploaded
the announcement that we got a dog a
video on her channel before this vlog so
you would have seen what was going on
first before this so if you want to
check out her channel go check it out
links in the description any other plans
for the rest of the night brick
I know I gonna find like a TV show movie
and watch well yeah it's been a good day
and we hope you guys have enjoyed this
experience with us I appreciate you guys
coming along and just watching every day
and all the nice comments and likes you
guys leaving just thank you oh and one
more thing me and Brittany pretty much
have a name picked out for her but I
wanted to see what you guys would
suggest as a name for her earlier I was
saying it'd be funny I had a dog named
sandwhich no obviously we're not gonna
need and seeing that I thought was funny
but if you ever need just unique ideas
or just put it on the comments below and
we'll read them maybe tomorrow we'll
tell you guys what we're going to call
her oh I didn't show this yet but we got
this cage once a few months pass we're
gonna have to get rid of this cuz she's
gonna obviously grow but this will have
to do for now I think that's all I have
to say guess we'll see tomorrow
generally
