good morning everyone we are back for
another fan mail vlog and before I start
this one I do want to apologize again we
did a previous fan mail vlog but all the
footage got deleted on accident so I'm
sorry if we didn't get your letter on
video we did read it but I am sorry
here's all the letters this time we got
some packages and the big boxes this
time that's I think the biggest box
we've gotten so far so that'll be fun
what's ever in there your just major I
am Sam I am 11 years old I have been
subscribed since your first video really
Wow
how could that be that's crazy you guys
make me laugh whenever I cry every
starts crying I made a bracelet for
Justin where's mine I'm sorry and you
drew something here
what's it hi Hey oh thanks Sam this is
from grey he drew this oh yes huh it
says I recently wrote a letter but the
footage was destroyed I'm a recent
subscriber you should make more
collector reports I also just got home
from the Grand Canyon Bryce and Zion
that's awesome did you have a fun time
because we sure did and for instagrams I
think it's awesome that thank you so
much for that and I love this drawing
before I even open this letter look how
colorful it is you drew all over it it's
cool that stands out to me dear Justin
the chip and Andrew I'm Henry and I'm a
big fan you guys I'm gonna be a
sophomore and I'm going to be 15 I'm
July 26 that was a few days ago so happy
birthday bro but bro my favorite
youtubers are you guys what are your
guys favorite channels I don't know I
watch a lot of different channels I love
the vlog channels that other people do
like fun for living and stuff yeah I got
a few questions for you guys how tall
are you guys I'm 6 foot I'm 6 2 2 I
forgot my other questions
your faith bro Henry yes can you watch
this video I made for you guys here's
the link okay hey Justin
Andrew oh I saw I really wanted to say
this is from Jacob he lives in Las Vegas
so if you were just there so I don't
think Euler run into you he's ten years
old and he string eleven on September
5th the founder channel by searching big
nerf wars I want to say you guys thanks
for letting us know how you find our
videos we always find it interesting how
you guys come across our channel so
thanks I have been subscribe you guys
for a few months but I have almost watch
all your videos so that is epic this is
the first thing he does in the morning
let you sense for the bold
Andy foundation baby thanks for watching
Jacob deer more Jase - this is Daniel
one of your fans I hope you realize that
you're hilarious can you please make
some more toilet paper for us your
biggest fan Daniel he drew this Justin
Oh Andrew Wow more Jase - yeah thanks
Daniel
dear more jizz - I enjoy watching your
vids hashtag never old whenever I'm
bored I go to my room and watch your
vids
I often get in trouble for watching them
and being on my phone far too long
can you please autograph this and send
it back for me Ryan
by the way I'm 10 years old don't shave
/ go bald Andy here's a penny anyway
yes this is more more Jays - studios
cool thanks Wow looks like this letter
is from Brazil whoa hi guys I start to
watching your chant videos one year ago
May 2014 and I'm so thankful for having
you - in my life your videos always make
me laugh and it's sad that I can't meet
you guys because we are 5707
1.06 miles away that's right that's what
Google says anyways I was going to send
some candies for you but it's $100 or
$200 in America for send the package and
I don't have this money but I promise
this year still I will send don't worry
you don't have to spend that much money
just to send a package by the way I just
want to say thank you being true to
Justin for make my day better you guys
are awesome I love you guys thanks so
much for everything
ok Brazil loves Jace new studios and she
said to call her but I hated this a
number I don't know how to dial that in
the phone it's like a different type in
number brazil's flag at least I tried I
love Jason studios darude sandstorm I
like how you put us on the flag hi sorry
for my bad english put their name well
thank you from christian dear just
Andrew I'm your biggest fan and I just
may say you made my day every day
I love eating loud in the library so
funny please make a video on eating
fried chicken in the library and you two
are Justin and by the way what is Jace
to mean anyway oh yeah regarding that
numbers we have a big pile of numbers
here so I'll probably make a separate
video like just calling fans so but
thank you for the letter question Oh
first thing that pops out of this dollar
Wow
any sub guys my name is Andrew and I
live in North Carolina 10 years old 9
but watching this 2 years awesome this
is my first family you guys keep up the
great work
what is this JQ studios yes thank you
drew dear Justin and Andy I want to
start with saying that you guys are
awesome and thank you guys for
everything you do I've tried to reach
out to other people people like you guys
but with high hopes and got ignored I
think it's awesome are you guys
to interact with your fans and show your
appreciation I love you guys forever and
always I always wondered what Hawaii
meant and they kept saying it over and
over again out loud really fast I mean
mom told me I sounded like I was an
antelope do an example hey hey hey
yes Andy you look like Howard from Big
Bang Theory just with red hair but I'm
not sure does your name it's Naima
Bessie me oh yes yeah no thanks poop
bars I have some questions
Andrew what's your favorite kind of
doughnut ouch my favorite doughnut is
probably either maple or cream-filled
Justin what's your favorite type of
drink or need to drink I like a lot of
the healthy drinks I really like
kombucha right now mango kombucha or San
bazan acai Erin Oh nuts
Justin and Andrew will you be friends
forever yes or no yes No
please do another squeaky shoes pink yes
No what's dis well thanks for the letter
whoever sent this but they gave us
bracelets which one do you want green
okay to bean Stewart and gizmo sites
from hailey
I have sent you mail before and you
called me but I didn't answer because I
was at school but it's summer now so you
can try to call me again it would be
awesome you guys are on my top list of
best youtubers Justin and Andrew stay
strong if people don't like your style
prank you just keep up the good work
a Thank You Justin thanks and then this
man Wow this letters from New Zealand
well it hey Justin Andrew I need one of
your fans I subscribed to you on three
accounts I love these guys and I'm your
biggest fan
from Quran
we've got milf in there before I don't
think so well thanks hi hoiy you are the
funnest people I know I love your video
of the best movie report I'm nine got to
turn ten from angel thanks
I like the writing on this part says
donations for bald
Andrew attention world there's also this
oh dear Marge a steel or j stu studios i
am Derek from Giorgio what dick emits
better Ava I'm nine and my birthday is
in two weeks
Wow well happy birthday bro um can I
have not aground from Justin Andy nugget
Aaron Bret and Mary because I love you
guys another biggest fan you do
spider-man
that's really good wow that is very good
thank you so much Derek I asked some
questions favorite color blue great what
is it inspiration for being funny brain
I don't know what is your favorite food
ribs Mexican what is your favorite candy
airheads sour worms what is your
favorite fruit pie now strawberry what
is your favorite book pipe amber I don't
know what is your favorite movie show
Seinfeld The Walking Dead 100 well I get
why Oh what is your favorite car Tesla
Tesla what is your favorite store King
Soopers where's your parachute ring I do
this okay and then there are some
drawings included this is for Britain
Wow Oh No yeah this one is from Mary oh
now we owe you another fellow this is
point a walls names on it including DG
and Chris Teddy that's it the great this
one says June
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah blah yeah thank you for this
letter Gianna
you're just an injured my name is Jake
from Nebraska I'm near your channel and
love your videos so far my favorite
videos still hard to choose this has
been our first fan mail sending to you
also can you give my sister Casey a
shout out shout out to Casey happy
birthday uh she's 12 you guys rocked
thanks for the five meteos Oh Nick so he
drew two of these he wants one of us to
sign one of them and we keep the other
one thanks man
interesting injured thanks for making
awesome pranks laws I watched them
almost every day I think you should make
more skits like that IKEA house one yeah
we should
oh yeah that was my bro we should make
more skits okay it's great to know that
you guys are Christian and that your
videos are clean I just recently
graduated from a Christian high school
and it really helped me keep growing my
faith in Jesus
well I guess that's it for now I really
enjoy watching your videos hey drew I
hope you your upcoming wedding in a
couple months is amazing Justin Congrats
on your marriage like it yes this is my
first fan mail oh my birthday's August
1st I'm turning 18 happy early birthday
Amanda
dad Chris honest there's this drawing
really cool I love that yeah that's
awesome yeah she has letter for Brittany
so it's these shoes she wants us to sign
those yes okay this is from Nathan he's
from Chicago dear just major I'm
watching your video since falling - - my
favorite is Eagle I'm in library when I
wanna whenever I'm sad I will watch your
videos
dad whoa boy eight whoa think you did
that first of all this unpack the
envelope no it did a good job drawing oh
wow it's really cool it's like space
there's a good planet
stickers more Jace that's awesome so
thank you I've been having an awesome
summer so far I took a picture my 4th of
July for you guys and sent it you guys
have necklaces that made only sad thing
is there's
this isn't here where they are whoops I
have been lately swimming biking and
doing this sound with my friends then
make sure the great fits keep them up
and have a great summer
your friend Noah and here's the fourth
of July photo looks I get a blast thanks
the letter hey guys I watch all your
Vince this is the first time sending you
guys stuff there's a drawing in here and
one dollar for bowel Dendy my name's Ian
I'm from Virginia I'm 12 years old
lastly can you please send back an
autograph keep calling it boy hey no one
Nathan thank you
your Broncos but on the back it says
Broncos suck this is a Cowboys nation no
no this next letter is from Finland what
yep Finland itself my name is Amelia I'm
sixteen year old girl from Finland a
bunch of videos is living like a year
now I think I've seen harder videos but
I'd love to follow your daily vlogs and
spend time laughing at your pranks I
never thought about writing you guys a
letter but I was so bored and then I
thought it would be you like to see you
reading my letter I'm a fan mail vid
well nothing else to say hope you like
my drawing I try my best
let me just say this drawing is nuts I
already pre looked at it whoa it's an
anus so don't get mad that's awesome you
are such a good drawler
yeah that's awesome I think it's good
when people can like draw a face and you
can actually tell who it is I know
that's Talent
so thank you so much for the drawing and
the letter this is a long letter by the
way Justin Andrew my name is Brandon and
I'm 18 years old I've been watching your
youtube videos for almost four weeks now
nice I got to say you guys are hashtag
awesome I'm new to your channel i watch
almost twenty to thirty videos at night
what my favorite color is blue rock on
telly and I said oh boy well hey thanks
Hill of the Denver Broncos cocaine man
by the way yeah nice blue Jeep thanks
what year is it 2015 do you like talk
about sure but I don't want to eat it
I like it but don't eat yeah I want to
congratulate you and Brittany on your
wedding well thank you way to go same
with Andrew and Mary if it already
happened no soon so thanks September
Jason's studious oh yeah thank you bro
oh hey this is my first letter so please
read on cam you're my favorite youtubers
my favorite vid is your dog in a
drive-through prank and II don't Bowl
can you call my dad number says Jay
still thanks for the letter hey guys
it's me again Sian I heard you say my
name wrong so you can call me Shay
I don't know how SSH AI why anyway I
sent another letter to you because I was
bored and the reason I was bored is
because I'm only child in my family and
all my friends moved away oh by the way
my boy I'm sorry all your friends moved
away fun read an order at the bottom dad
what who broke my toy Oh nuts he found
out Oh nuts more juice - thanks for the
light
well this is from Canada whoa hi my name
is Derek and 15 this is my second year
of high school and it really sucked
there Vincent what do they mean to keep
doing well in school keep it up so I
could tighten or force please do more
just saying other people write letters
from Canada saying that we don't build
igloos and write polar bears I'm lying
I ride a polar bear to school every day
is Britney any advice or makeup for guys
I'm just kidding I don't want any makeup
when does and you plan on moving out of
his parents house
if IRA is aged I won't want to live with
my parents
whoa one rent is free into getting
married soon so why live by myself yeah
anyway later in the future I will be
sending more mail so this will be first
and many letters till marry I say hi I
find that people don't mention her
enough even though she is still part of
her family and crew here he found some
American money oh really yes and this is
Canadian money oh that's awesome thank
you so much Derek hi my name is Ben and
I enjoy your videos this is my first
time riding these guys family live in
Indianapolis Indiana
but at 14 years old he likes dry ice and
helium on the drive to I really like
those as well I really enjoy your
channel because I could watch you guys
lift my family because you guys do not
swear or talk dirty got that right
tell me are you Brittany I said hi well
marry Brittany hi from Ben thanks Ben
the airport you say I love your YouTube
channel I like going to your channel
homepage to find your newest videos you
guys are actually live very close to me
because I live in Coral Springs
sometimes pulls comments on your videos
I also notice how you guys like going to
my favorite places such as Twitter us
dartmoor skies down this rings in
Canberra mean world keep up the good
work
please call me sincerely Luke a loyal
fan Thank You Luke you're our loyal fan
I ain't never win I don't know what is
it I don't know what name that is
never win and I love your vids you guy
are really funny I love you pranks $1
for the bald Andy and this is their
favorite video my favorite video nice
thanks for taking the time to send this
the letter hey Justin the engineer my
name is Brie
you guys are awesome I love your videos
especially your pranking ones you guys
are totally awesome again and you
inspired me to make my own videos can
you read this on a cam if you one
breathe oh yeah also there was a coin
that fell out it's from Barbados Wow
so I'm guessing you went on vacation or
something yours and Rio hi my name is
Johnny I've been in previous fan mail
videos I'm a youtuber - and I do gaming
in vlogs I made my blog channel cuz you
guys inspire me and do you have any
camera recommendations
I'll spend at least $200 we use the well
one of them we use is a canon s120 this
is the other one is like a step-down
--is-- it's the power shot but it's
still really good elf 3 4 ths so we've
used that camera like so many vlogs so
they're both good but I tell Brittany I
said hi also can you guys upload more
and go score Jamie you guys are super
super super funny PPS is Kevin going to
Angie's wedding uh-huh
yep and we'll try and upload more goo
squad what do you guys think
okay oh yeah we're gonna upload rocket
League here very soon dear more just you
I'm sending this letter because you told
me to sorry I'm 10 my favorite video was
you doing the cup song in field can you
tell me who wrote this song in that
video and what it was called the comment
said it was by chunk but I'm not 100%
sure it is by by chunk no captain chunk
anyway can you autograph the other paper
sent it back my bday is on July 29th
that is yesterday happy one day late
birthday from Ryan please read on did
dear Jesus to Studios 0.8 I have been
watching your vids for about a month now
you always brighten my day when I'm sad
my brother showed me you guys and he
wrote you a fan mail it is in the same
envelope the bald
avfoundation included my favorite is too
much candy Wow never heard that before
like who would send a wiener cleaner
alright tell everyone I said hi everyone
he says hi your buddy Austin sweat hey
Dad so that's from Austin read on video
boy I watch your videos every day and
you brighten my days and they make me
laugh so hard I'm 12 years old and I'm
from st. Louis Missouri Thanks Bradon
my favorite videos email made of library
and they also included a million dollar
bill give it to me now right two pieces
of kind of messed up gum okay and a red
colored pencil we have right off the bat
I knew that this won't really have much
in it but I wasn't expecting NDS I open
it up and all that's in here is this
what I mean oh these are from Colton
festive bracelet thanks Colton
I hope it didn't let it in font or
anything but that's awesome
that's funny dear JC Studios I'm a big
fan and I really like your videos I've
been watchin only for about two weeks
whoa and I have watched around 100
regular videos and 50 blogs you can keep
in track my about a month ago I started
on YouTube channel ever since I
discovered you guys I've been wanting to
start doing pranks sweet please go check
out my channel okay and watch my videos
you guys are awesome keep making epic
videos I'd like to see more toilet paper
for us in Walmart frames Angeles ever
gonna do more clothes different course
I'm ready here's a dollar for the bald
Andy foundation
legit coupon chick-fil-a $50 coupon it's
legit he said maybe we should try and
bring this in and he said it was legit
what the heck come on guys
dear Justin Andrew not Kevin I just
recently started watching your videos my
name is Josh I'm 13 I live in Costa Mesa
you're basically there's there's a
little bit ago I was wondering when you
and Andrew are going to do another
toilet paper fort we just like the last
letter just said they'd use it I guess
we really very soon Nikki may do
anything here's the picture nice Wow
right on well this letter just starts
off with the drawing I thought was funny
it says you guys rocked there's no meat
dude anyways here's me I'd say I'm
saying dad Andrew saying of themselves
for some reason and then Jack st. Chris
that's fine I visit Colorado Springs
every year just curious what are your
guys top three favorite restaurants in
the city
Wow good a question punt Tucanos I
really like the coffee cup it's a good
breakfast place here Amanda's Fonda very
good as well there's not too many rare
spots here in the springs well
Red Robin yeah I don't know if summer
just woke with a call to Colorado but if
you go to downtown Manitou this is
really good there's a donation to the
bald Andy 11 cents here you go
what's still fly you know them PS I hope
you guys get to 1 million songs by the
end of the year your fan TJ no TJ I do
too
thank you for sending a letter this was
in the letter to keV this person drew
this identical Kevin doesn't live here
so he's never gonna see this justice
stewart and co-wrote this letter and
dude these pictures because I watched
three to four videos and got bored and
decided to write a letter please email
me once you get this letter because I am
bored plus my brain power is at 2% yes
look at the pictures sincerely a very
bored person
so these are robots dad yes dad
worst dad ever important it's 5:30 so
please excuse the bad drawings I did
thank you
now moving on to packages as you can see
we got samples this is gonna be fun
what there's snacks in there do just as
you are so awesome that I've been
watching your videos since you were
living with Kevin pretty long time well
I am a spiring
actress and her name is Juliet she's 18
so she's seen a ton of other fans give
us weird food and I wanted to do so too
well let's take a look at what this is
okay then weird Japanese snacks like
this again so apparently we have to make
this like you mix it with mixed powders
and water so and then creates a real
cheeseburgers yeah and she gave us the
all the instructions are in Japanese but
she gave us instructions on here so I'm
not sure if we're gonna do it on this
video or maybe we make a separate video
cuz I'm not sure how long will it take
but thank you Juliet for this nice
letter and sending us some fan mail we
can't wait to try what's in that guy
this why'd you put snow where's your
bubble wrap Romney skittles
they're very rare very rare school's
ball dandy badge what the crap all dandy
Association this is like a crest
please read everything you read my name
wrong in a previous letter from Max how
do we read your name wrong the sudden
looks
but wait you just you I just wanted to
say my name is Matt not May my mom man
laughed really hard when you thought my
name was me here's two dollars to the
Baldini foundation huh j stu studios
that's pretty cool
wants us to sign that yeah he does oh ye
oh yeah that's not good for you this
this is a rare breed well I'm sorry we
said your name wrong max but thanks for
the part 2 letter hi Justin
Amy my name is Riley and I'm a new
subscriber welcome to the fam but so far
I love your prank fist my favorite
sincere in the library you guys really
funny and I wish I could meet you
every day I look forward to seeing a
bunch of your vids now I at least watch
5 a day while tastic I hope you enjoyed
my picture I drew can you hang it up
well it had it tape I love bacon tape
with height a what the ho a squad that's
so rad Jase two presents oh boy 8c it's
like the bacon tape that's I've never
seen that before
thank you so much Riley my name is
Shlomo I'm a Chan from New York I love
your vids the cleanest pranks on YouTube
I just wanted to thank you guys for what
you do I am Jewish and I sent you some
Jewish companies candy and Israelite
chocolate whoa I hope you enjoy them
this is gonna be awesome
that could zoom on oh sure yeah so what
is this guy's briefs if it sticks
we will try these snacks very soon
what's that
holy Sh max would must-read letter first
what's up guys me and my family went on
vacation to Disney World
while I was there I picked up some candy
for you guys hope you enjoy point eight
from Brandon Wow I did
Goofy's can be sour balls whoa-oh-oh yo
casabas japanese snacks
what's sabe peas which is spicy popping
yeah I got thanks bring again this
letters from the jet hand Japanese Kit
Kat who is this brother
well hello was they leave gee Kit Kat
what this is from I don't know how to
say her name Ike 1% I kikuyo 2d sheet it
alright moving on to the grand finale
boxes this ha hey this one's from
Britain I'm think it's kind of heavy do
we have any guesses at what could be in
the box
chocolate chocolate what I thought so
whole box of sneakers open this make
sure it's not a prank yeah we don't ever
need it by Snickers again
maybe we'll get bucks 2 of 2 and that
will explain I don't know but thanks for
the Snickers whoever set this I will try
one and the ladies are gonna be
especially happy oh yeah this how much
open it box noisy to quite heavy as well
hey Justin and Britney marrying Aaron
and Buford my name is Mike I'm 29 and I
live at Garden Grove California is funny
and where's your vlogs you Justin were
with a friend getting a car wash right
next to my work oh yeah I was like holy
crap it looks familiar
you guys are the only youtubers i watch
consistently things might i love all
your pranks your blog so I decided to
make an awesome
gift box with crazy snacks and drinks
please tell Aaron Oh nuts yes my
girlfriend gets mad when I say wait from
life Mike's girlfriend don't get angry
it's a happy word yeah okay what's in
here what I never heard of that that
it's a coconut water well be very good
what the heck is this this is like syrup
Wow where did you get all these iced
coffee coconut water
what fizzers this is another organic
dark chocolate coconut water watch this
BJ's oh no Hot Tamales tropical heat
black Oh chocolate twisters no looks
like seaweed that's a lot of snacks dude
Wow thank you so much
we can't wait to try these too what look
Metro 2033
it looks pretty heard of that video game
well now you can read the book my
goodness this is a big book it's like
500 pages yeah so cool though take a
look oh wow
hi guys I hope you guys enjoyed the book
and some some snacks they go with it
this is not sponsored or anything I just
didn't know what to get you oh one more
thing could you try and say stay I might
you job and then she was up Cheers
no there you sure oh we went forward in
time and sent this to ourselves
so says Cheers you from the future
oh hey me from the future Emma why'd you
send this why did you send this yourself
maybe this is a but maybe this book
maybe like this book explains the future
holy crabs why did you do that
well packs of Oreos and there's four
boxes so I set myself up the box of
snicker than four boxes of Oreos what
could this mean
we must ponder on this while we eat them
I don't know what to say me thanks Thank
You Justin for sending some snacks we
can try the future Justin Aaron check it
ed look how many sneakers an Oreo I sent
myself holy that's a lot of Rios and
this entire box of Snickers oh my looks
good
I think that's about everything guys for
the fan mail but now it's time to try
the snacks
via nature just both posted new
instagrams with it so go check it out it
kid what okay so first off you have this
weird Fang balls tastes lemony with the
scent of laundry detergent and fish food
Oh if you bite into it it's busy you try
and do it dumb B now raspberry sticks
sabe
alright how many you takin handful all
right
oh they're just weird by the way is
yours
hey bubblegum oh good more zombie treats
like weird like a bubble bath in my
mouth oh right whatever this is Japanese
thing
haha rocks pop rocks cotton candy
tropical Hot Tamale says three flavours
mango lime pineapple mangle one's good
they stay like Mike a nice tropical Mike
and Ikes I wish I had more heat though
why that's what hot tamales are now then
your tongue oh well flavored by the way
the plastic one is mine rip
dumb this lollipop favors the best
sucker ever try a nice bite
the whole thing I'm like sticks to your
teeth insane moment I'm gonna get it
thickened dentures I might eat that
thing
ah crap what the heck slaps I stuck in
my teeth
crackerjack intense spicy pizzeria hmm
not back it's a bit spicy as well I
would have this first snack three tea
Kit Kats from Japan dude that was like
sludge wow that's not bad actually I
thought it was gonna be bad I like that
we've got Pesek man tastes like
chocolate that's all I can say about
that I mean it's not bad but just your
basic job lit goofy sours I want to
point out I love how all of these
candies ingredients the main ingredient
sugar corn syrup corn starch dextrose
all just super great things for the body
let's try I really don't want to be
eating these to be honest but I'll do it
for you guys
goofy why those aren't sour at all oh
we've already tried these they weren't
that good
Wow kind of seems like that would be a
snack you put in your life elementary
school son's lunch yeah in his lunchbox
mm-hmm whoa Jim where are those Welch's
PB&J bites this is my watch
you can't have any these are mine give
it back oh these are coconut waters this
was dark chocolate whoever sent this
again I just want to say thank you
because these are organic drinks Cheers
Wow why not bad
I think the chocolate wants pretty good
as you don't like coconut water anyway
we're gonna try a sip of this carabao
energy drink again
looks like cough syrup second ingredient
sucrose oh dude it's just like a red
monster red warning yep indeed blue
coconut water again don't forget to
water fall know if you need your bib
thing we're almost out of snacks oh this
smells like baby food oh no see that's
what we're different I do not like
coconut water he does I do he doesn't
quit pickles I knew you guys couldn't
tell psycho spill all over himself but
guys we're probably gonna use these
where do you know what those taste like
so I think everybody knows so don't you
want to use them for maybe a prank
possibly yeah
so be on the lookout for that and jeez
maybe we should do it in a vlog
yeah I'm not this one though yeah next
next one thanks for sending everybody
that sent us a letter a package thank
you so much and I guess we'll see
tomorrow's use bye
