hey everyone friends we are heading back
home today
have to drive
I don't know where we're going but it's
going to be a long drive highway right
now
we're gonna super sobs entertained with
this we got it from VidCon VidCon Mad
Libs so that should be good
how's driving been so far yeah enough
that actually haven't enjoyed driving
this car is why we got it
how you better is it a smooth ride yeah
these guys have to hold their back
just got out of target we spent probably
an hour in here just uploading one of
our vlogs it's up now and we're heading
we're in Las Vegas I think I said that
already but we're filming our new prank
in Las Vegas because we can't drive all
the way home to Colorado or not cuz it's
gonna be like so long
film down there here we are Vegas again
thought we'd never see it again
but we're doing the snapchat thing that
I think we yeah we showed you in the
other vlog so see how it goes skycam
like jump there's always people here so
it's so nice Phil my prank as you know
and we ran into these folks how's going
guys
what's your name and how long you guys
been watching here ah so cool they just
randomly stopped us all our film is and
then watch the vid so thanks for the
support fellas what's up fellas how's it
going where are you guys from they are
all the way from Sweden here in Vegas
and they recognize us well thanks for
watching our vets we just finished up
the video and we're shooting the intro
here at the ladies yeah
that is we're trying to get a standing
in the street doing the intro so it
looks cool it's got a wait - all these
cars stopped driving by down on you
jerks
Andrew fits in perfectly
we have made it that's the hotel we're
staying at Eureka casino hotel we got a
two-bedroom queen two queen beds for $62
so split that's $32 for one night not a
bad deal
yeah what is this their poo rolls I'm
gonna have to pass on all these
I got this discount of drinks absolutely
to 20 million for that you want that's
what are the green guys yes okay making
our way downtown walking fast to the
hotel room did you did the bad pass the
test things go fly a cigarette
Hotels here food and casinos there which
we are heading to get some food maybe
laughs is there saying if you need a
shuttle from the hotels of the casino
they can provide one it's like one
second away but a lot of old people go
to casinos and can't walk that far they
roll everywhere Misha Street courtyard
in the casino yes Oh red carpet Dada did
you Hey well guys we were back from the
road trip and we didn't blog too much on
the way home because literally it was
probably 14 hours of us just driving and
then stopping and getting gas it's not
that entertaining but we're back now
right when we got home this package was
at our door and you guys know we love
trying new things so I was just looking
on Twitter and found this company that
makes like organic chips of the sorts
and I was like hey guys can we try some
of your chips they said yes and it
wasn't expecting a box this big but
let's open it yeah
Oh what is this they included a letter
keep calm and keep calm
chips happen Wow let's open this letter
non-gmo gluten-free no trans fat made
with rice bean oil no preserves yes
hey Justin enclosed please find the
samples of our four flavor profile
flavor profiles for you and your friends
to enjoy I'm sure you can come up with
some very creative tag lines and humor
with the names what the name chips
happen well thank you again for this
opportunity we look forward to every oh
well thank you so much for this time
letter that is just fantastic that came
with a bag oh geez guys what kind of
flavor who they got honestly I don't
know what they are spicy parmesan garlic
oh yes parmesan garlic cheese chips come
alayan pink salt sinfully sweet heat
okay so you know I'm not gonna try these
just yet so I'm gonna wait for Andrew
we'll try them all together but this
just makes me so happy that they're
healthy chips thank you guys that chips
happened you guys are awesome and what I
love about these guys is that there are
family-owned business they're just a
family it's a mom who created it she's I
think I was looking on their Twitter it
said like it was her what is it
74th birthday
and she's still making ships that is
awesome
well tried these two guys so stay tuned
we're just gonna go get some groceries
now at the grocery store now that we're
back because we don't want to beat now
gotta get that good food what's yeah
right now because she's doing a new
video for her channel where I get to
dress her up so I have an array of
beautiful clothes here are you excited I
am a fashionista so they're gonna be
surprised at how you look mm-hmm natural
grocers back home and now we're gonna
shoot a Britney is a little video you
guys are gonna have to go subscribe to
her channel it's gonna be a really funny
video I chose a bunch of good outfits
for when's this video gonna be up today
okay well it might not be up when you
guys check it but it will be up if maybe
you check tomorrow I don't know you guys
gotta go check it out it was so funny I
didn't want to vlog any of the outfits
cuz I wanted you to just go over to her
Channel and check it out so I'll be in
the description go check it out okay but
anyways guys thanks for watching today's
vlog thanks for always coming along with
us and hanging we hope you're liking
what we're doing and I guess we'll see
you tomorrow
