good morning everyone it is the end of
VidCon it was really fun while it lasted
but the trip isn't over for us where are
we Andrew at the beach the beach I'm
gonna go swim but I'm not gonna bring
this vlog camera because I most likely
it'll get sand in it or drop it and I
want to do that so I'm gonna film the
beach stuff with a GoPro so let's switch
over to that so we've never actually
blogged with the GoPro before so we'll
see how this goes
alright we made it to the beach yes and
Andrew brought spike ball there's
another good thing about this game
elemental bag take her wherever you want
yes we're gonna play some spike ball
then go in the ocean
walls flat why we live in Colorado so
elevations I mean you got here
all right for like an hour hopefully
that GoPro footage turned out well we
are trying to ascertain waves but it was
hard we're getting some lunch now let me
show you were eating from this awesome
place chance health bar look what they
got
what is it
you see butter banana smoothie it goes
like this
we've been waiting for in 15 minutes for
each of the our beverage I'm hungry as
all get-out
what's yours whole mg look how good this
is
we got the what's it called Santa Fe oh
yes spicy fresco yes
huge open it for a surprise this is just
one size but there's a surprise inside
that's beauty alrighty we're back home
from the beach and lunch got all
showered up ready for the rest of the
day and I want to tell you guys we are
going to are really close friends Billy
Blanks jr. you guys have seen him before
we're staying the night at his house and
I think we're gonna go swimming and
whatnot I'm not sure what the night's
looking like but I know it's gonna be
fun I'll bring you guys along obviously
from the party the other night if you
remember the rise 9 that blog you must
go check it out
we got gift bags and I just wanted to do
I haven't even looked through them yet
so I wanted to open it with you guys
alright brought them inside here they
are I already took a peek but this one
came with viga one so happy if you guys
haven't tried that you have two boxed
water box water is better
alright then
pasta chips you go water bottle
absolutely
brownie brittle pasta chips again
different flavor so yeah we got a bunch
of cold gifts as you guys saw but we're
on our way to
our next stop we're almost there
hey guys where's Eric hey what's up that
I do Oh what is that the 404 lucky big
Marlin big mahoma whoa and you got the
screen on the back yeah this is the
skeleton case yeah we'll give you guys a
tour of the pad after we get a tour of
the neighborhood
sure why don't you tell him or Eric why
don't you tell him about the
neighborhood a neighborhood is pretty
chill it's low-key let's see there's a
lot of celebs that live here and we're
here with our main man Billy Blanks jr.
I saw how you doing man
doing great what are we doing right now
we're doing a tour Justin and Britney
married through videos they need to
start naturally this is Drake yeah Wow
hold you right now folks who's not Kayne
Kim's oh yeah jeez that is humungous out
oh my god over here the vineyard
this is like this is Craig's gate by the
way guys so just keep that in mind that
is an epic like this doesn't and that
big deal
that whatever we can do they're like
chick-fil-a
and get the cow there when a man yells
house if you guys remember roman atwood
pranked it and then say oh that's Jayla
hard
just keep vlogging in time that's her
truck hey guys we are back at the house
welcome to pimp my house it's a new show
this way fellas we're gonna give you
tour so come on inside
welcome to the crib come on e this is
the entryway hall or what what would you
call this Steve oh boy oh boy oh boy
wait what's this here oh yeah don't
touch these war yeah can you take a
quick bathroom break when you get inside
just hop on in here very convenient
don't sweat it the sink is very nice
custom sink because I've seen this is
the fireplace we call this the family
room this is where we hang Christmas
morning yeah you get the fire going the
family around the house beautiful
decorations on all walls just yes can
man beautiful
after you have a grand piano in a house
like this
which I know how to play what is this
room called the Billy st. you will know
the Billy sanctuary welcome got me 19
like that TV from our teachers in Taiwan
Wow a spider-man he is the bubble bath
and shout walk-in shower dinosaurs
that is very rare come over here watch
out for me keep a look at this and the
chandelier is welcome here anytime you
like oh yes
there's jessamine Wow yeah four pillows
which is will be asked for so that
tempur-pedic now this way Mary
over here Wow the big mirrors you wake
up in the morning with it we can do yoga
in the mirror this is great studio
atmosphere now you have to be real quiet
in building the brand of sleeping - whoo
right
Oh was he good food t-rex I'm trying to
stay out of that room I like sleeping in
there once and it didn't go down that's
very quick this is where we have food
jeez make it incredible this is Elijah
blank everybody who sees where every big
food this is one of the best parts of
every house the kitchen all kitchens
custom with roosters and doughnuts
these are actually what I love about
these pepper and salt shakers and so
yeah that's just bad and there's maybe
right buried to the entrance to my
mother's my right this is from you know
reading TV I have a lot of favorite
books one of them being the caterpillar
Chronicle you know I like more than the
two ballistic things and knowledge we
just installed on all six of these
bookshelves quite where the TV watching
with our personal assistants of Jeannie
behind the counter here
back out to the activity area you are in
for a treat folks that's right down to
seating if you so please the grill right
here
with
give a quick demo you go like this Wow
so I keep it sunny you can get ten there
W okay the poll cool one of favorite
areas of the house
step up on the rocks jump off waterfalls
it's filled and don't elements every day
we got to work out right behind you this
is the path thanks for joining us folks
we will have dinner moment you
guess what also comes with the house
grumpy cat yes it does the best thing
ever
he's going on you having a good day or
not so we got a foot massage right here
Billy said to get a camera outside of
where you like it it's not too crazy to
you does it take overwhelming you know I
was crazy to me I was like Oh foot
massager
it's the coolest toy ever so you just
gave us these to try
yes you have I want our instructors I
want like dough and flour taste like
sawdust yeah guys pizza game you excited
you excited
is this pizza hey I guess we ordered all
this yes we ordered the entire
restaurant you know any order of this I
thought it could be a box of pizza
it is finally pool time I brought the
GoPro out but you can't see anything out
here
what there kick guys I wish there was
light in the pool it's so fun but we
just played like zombie Tigers awesome
I'm filming you jumping in bro
yeah that's awesome there's like a
little ledge right there for jumping in
is it time for bed yes time is it 12 my
phone didn't change time zones but it's
cool yeah I think I got a little
chlorine in my sort of Allred but I just
want to say thanks for watching today
any other thoughts thanks for watching
did you guys have fun at the beach we've
gotten burned my ventually is burning
beers I got burned - we all got no
grumpy cat did you fall grumpy yeah
Britney is allergic to get so he's like
what the heck it's why I just I think I
know I love it this full atmosphere but
probably gonna come back really soon and
we're gonna stay here most likely so
that would be that would be great um we
hope you've been enjoying the vlogs back
tomorrow morning so yeah I'll be a long
drive not very excited but has to be
done alright see you guys tomorrow bye
