morning everyone we are in Walmart right
now we are filming a prank for DJ's
channel
he hasn't uploaded in probably a few
months and he's getting back into it and
we're helping him with his revival so
I'm trying to find Andrew and DJ I think
they're over in the food somewhere we're
doing a series I think today so it's
going to be really funny what he got
here some camera stuff all right well
the fellows are setting up for pranking
I'm in a dog bag force yes I'm thinking
we should maybe try and build a big fort
someday in here since we didn't what
paper haven't done dog hey guys oh it's
a cool fort I could be wrong but I don't
think that's done Andrews filming
there's teaching
dangers doing such a good job what just
happened DJ we got kicked out of Walmart
ah how did this happen now they just
they told us to stop filming which
basically means there's no other reason
for us to be there they even look like
employees though oh yeah oh they went
undercover they were pretty slick they
DJ dressed on you norm we'll get this
they dressed all normal right and then I
frank them and then they followed us
they're like forgot Joe we're security
now it's like we'll see us they were
they were young guys too so we had no
idea that those kind of guys would be
security
they were pretty tricky he's secret
shoppers he'll watch out for those yeah
hermit crab heaven
DJ's desperate for coffee
Allegro then you have
who you don't need a drink coffee if you
just smell it you get awake it's
caffeine smells
hi Hey
we got some lunch burger cheese on me I
leave like I just before
that's a smash this is smash burger if
you guys Intel but it's pretty good kind
of happened
I'm
hey I just told you J fry where's your
good did any wow he's your good G jingle
but he got there
cheese spraying - hey
Aaron's opening it alive for you guys
smells good smells fresh one
oh yes sir mmm that's epic people bunch
of you guys we're tweeting us saying you
got the shirt so enjoy yeah
Brittany's actually practicing on my
skateboard cuz since she has never
skated before she's not fully sure what
the best way to do it is trying to get
her better let's see let's see I do give
it a give a push we don't have a grill
just yet where we live but we found a
grill out here on the outskirts I think
this is just like the community grill so
we're just growing some chicken business
I want to show you guys the storm that's
coming in you could see it's raining
right there so it's probably coming
right here to rain on us great so Britt
how is a boarding been going you getting
better or what's the progress here
well it's like so difficult I'm like
scared of falling because I have fallen
many times before on a skateboard and it
scares me so slowly but surely guys
we're trying to practice on a skateboard
and a penny board because since she's
never boarded before it's kind of like
hard to start off on a pan board yeah
it's all about bounds and penny boards
are really small so it's like hard well
let's go take a look outside it looks
beautiful out right now oh wow it's very
blue just lovely guys I really messed up
so if you remember a vlog for my two or
three days ago me and Andrew went to the
post office to get some fan mail that
you guys sent us well the other day we
spent probably an hour plus filming a
vlog of us opening the fan mail like we
usually do so what ended up happening
was from all the fan mail we filmed I
kept it on my memory card and when about
the rest of the day filming the blog the
actual vlog and my fandom I ended up not
importing the footage on my computer and
deleting everything on the memory card I
completely forgot about the vlog footage
from fan mail so I feel really bad I'm
really sorry that this happened and I
hope you guys aren't upset like we get
love for the most famous we've got we
got a bunch of boxes with like cool
snacks and a bunch of nice letters that
we found and I just feel really bad cuz
you guys spend a lot of time like and
money spent sending us stuff and I
deleted the footage on accident so I
just wanted to apologize and say if
anybody sent us fandom we didn't read it
in the video please like feel free to
send it again I promise I will delete it
next time we'll read it on a video again
but just don't be too mad okay it was a
complete accident I just wanted to tell
you guys that
I'm sorry but anyways not to be a debbie
downer moving on and other good news
tomorrow's vlog is going to be insanely
awesome if you guys follow me on
snapchat you'll have a hint at what
happened that's all I'm gonna say
are you mean agers usernames down below
so if you aren't following us could go
Vols so please come back here tomorrow I
promise it'll be worth the wait it was I
did some awesome event with my dad and
it was just a really it's just a fun day
and I know you guys will enjoy it say
yeah in a few days we make our journey
to VidCon California so that'll be fun
but yeah anyways that's all I have to
say sorry for yapping your ear off I
hope you guys enjoy the rest of your
night or whenever you're watching this
we'll see you guys tomorrow
