morning everyone we are headed to the
skate park right now to get a few more
clips for the prank which you guys are
probably already seen if not go check it
out
we just gotta just do a few touches here
and there and then we'll be good but I'm
really stoked because today is beautiful
blue skies out way better than yesterday
right yes it was raining I know cloudy
this is how it's supposed to be just
show up the skate park get some final
more clips these are the goof-goof bags
the goof squad yeah yes you got the
board the board's over here and the
scooters over here what's happening
little man is getting free popsicles for
everyone this is my type of ski boy yeah
we got the bros popsicles for the whole
city
mini for every popsicles no way dude big
yes thank you thank you
it's time for lunch
Chipotle that got that good food thank
you thank you all right good yes and
it's not busy for once this is amazing
oh yeah I got the three tacos chicken
tacos with guac what'd you get freedom
TJ got burritos Wow nice happy deejay
lunch was delicious and now we're
hanging up the clubhouse at my apartment
which I will give you guys a tour very
soon I've been slacking but now we're
playing some pool now because it's
raining outside
so just hangs out with wife and sister
DJ and I are gonna go to the gym yep
yeah right yeah the light now it's kind
of like interesting right now I know hey
guys the Lighting's awesome
in the middle lift in here we're doing
chest and arms today oh wow that's gonna
be me I'm going to do that to you hey DJ
after you do this exercise your chest
looks like a gasps oh my god it can be
so right I know that's gonna be nuts
we're all sweaty now who did it have a
good time so many games yeah my forearms
feel if they're gonna blast all whooping
silly and really go away every day and I
haven't been in like a week so I feel
good to be bad they were just talking
about how I just taking a week off it
just feels so much harder yeah I had to
like lower the weights on everything
that I would normally do yeah it's been
even though it's only been like a week
it's still healing
the human body is one weird thing LeBron
James LeBron huh promise you'd make this
Aaron in a merry
what is happening I remember we told
people he went on a job interview but we
never seen him like you got the job or
not he was you plant did you get the job
Aaron's just kidding he did get the job
is really cool so he and Mary are like
best friends you know so we're gonna get
a protein shake of the sorts Oh we
sample this when we came in the caramel
apples so good $4 - I'm getting a dad so
good so DJ has something he wants to
tell you guys what's what's up with her
- what do you mean like your your tooth
what about it I mean it's is there
something there's something wrong guys
something on it
no there's just something broke
it doesn't look normal wait what is it
is it like missing is it part of it
missing there's something missing from
your long cement like that dude I mean
it's been like that for a while I didn't
want to say anything cuz I wanna
embarrass you but the hick where did it
go
Aaron I broke it when I was like little
and then they put like a filling in and
it just broke the other day so like
literally the morning I left to come
here my tooth broke and I was like cool
now I would have to beautiful these
videos really don't like an idiot
it's a new style I mean come on guys
right yeah I can all have the DJ chip
tooth style people don't you don't want
this I am hopefully gonna get this fixed
when I get just left Andrews housing I'm
meeting my sister and Brittany at a
restaurant for dinner and I want to tell
you guys actually used to work at this
restaurant we're going to I was a busser
it's a Mexican restaurant let me tell ya
it was I did not enjoy working here but
their foods really good
salsa Brava that'll wait we got a really
good seat outside there's not loud
the sis is here the life's here chips
and salsa
yeah I like them so much my friend he
does Oh guys take a look at this but he
does with this is gluten-free fajitas
all natural chicken lay cajun shrimp
would you get try to beef enchiladas yes
dinner was very good now at the grocery
store just getting a drink for later
because I always find myself late at
night or just at night like craving
random lines
and even when we're watching movies or
TV shows I like to just like have a
drink to like step on or just some
random snack this has been my favorite
drink for the last I don't know for a
while now
mystic mango kombucha it is super good
I'm Brittany doesn't like it but I
really enjoy it I can't even describe
the flavor it's just it's carbonated
it's good for you since it's kombucha
and yeah so if you guys haven't had this
I'd recommend it but some of you may not
like it so yeah alright well we didn't
do too much to the rest of the night
just chillax didn't vlog but thanks for
watching today's vlog we are super
excited because in today's like five
days we're starting a road trip to
California for VidCon we already
mentioned this before but if any of you
are gonna be there we'd love to meet you
we're gonna be stopping in Vegas and I
think staying a night in Vegas on the
way there because it's it'll take too
long to drive straight to California and
yeah I'm also doing something really fun
with my dad this weekend and I'll
explain more of that when that happens
for that vlog but it's gonna be an
awesome vlog so look forward to that and
just enjoy the rest of your night
thanks for hanging with us today we'll
see you tomorrow good
