why everybody walk back two more days to
port start the vlog we want to where are
we just check this out so that's our
hotel room as for the room tour guys yep
follow us on snapchat by the way anyways
we are out here in Utah because we got a
little special event that we are gonna
be a part of a special video I want to
tell them about it okay so have you guys
heard of the YouTube channel of Studio C
well yes anyways they're celebrating 1
billion views on their channels so we're
doing like a collab with a bunch of the
youtubers tomorrow with some challenges
it's gonna be funny yeah really funny
challenges guys I can't wait for you
guys to see it so we're gonna be doing
like a behind the scenes vlog of that
tomorrow but today we're going to like
this huge mansion in the middle of I
don't know where we're just gonna have
fun you will for hangs yeah you'll
probably recognize some youtubers there
as well but first Oh first we gotta grab
some food because hungry and let's go
guys oh if you guys didn't know and I
love coupons so
I've had a coupon in the email buy one
get one for $1 here at smash burger so
yeah you get back to the Denver dater
all about coupons seriously it's the
best free stuff can never complain so
you kisses behind that's me
never use the girl bomb that's how good
it was
and there's gonna be food at the party
you ready for that you should break your
tongs freezing what does it say it
doesn't have to temperature was like 31
31 degrees and her but we have no idea
what is coming up we're even are we huh
I thought I saw something up there I see
lights whoa whoa whoa whoa
can't wait to show you a hint there's a
basketball court in the house that's
what's coming soon ah and a rock wall
this is just their driveway we've been
driving up for like two minutes already
Oh Oh guys I don't know if you're seeing
what we're seeing
it's kind of hard to see on camera but
my eyes are to what you did editor said
this looks like a hot ball and I think
he's right you have entrances there's a
big house like Bilbo is Velma home bell
ball in the world oh you're like an
event center because this is not this is
a house look there's the there's the
rock wall for garages on this side to
the left side what my poor car here are
we the only ones here the party starts
at 8:00 I mean we're not like that early
what focus so 746 so we can't figure out
why there are no cars here I doubt the
kept in the garage cuz this but all the
lights are on but there's no movement
inside should we be very quiet sneaky
yeah guys are going into double-oh-seven
mode we're sneaking in do this reminds
me of double-oh-seven like this huge
mansion
how's it looking over there there might
be a tripwire I'm not sure Oh nuts
locked now how do we get into the right
house yes who's in Oz go around to the
garage he's believed just looking this
this is legit someone's house is
freezing would you get back back to the
vehicle it's just a lake
maybe we can scuba dive in there's got
to be an underground passage in a
waterfall over there what there's a
bridge it goes under and there's like up
another like oh my goodness dude keep it
down you see her up another secret
entrance here a check this work it made
a lot of sound though that was not good
- these garage open with sensors
oh crap guys they parked right in front
of the security camera oh oh there's a
car coming
what you sure yeah see the light where's
that it might be the owner oh no a
control where we got lost I need direct
oh yes we open the garage reinforcements
it's cold out here
we've been wandering around well I wish
that it was really bright out because
the mountains are gorgeous Oh guys I
think it's time to explore mm-hmm are we
it like a lifetime
dad this seriously is like oh man oh do
you mean how do we get downstairs I
guess we get to take the zipline down
yes this is by far my biggest and
coolest has I've ever and we haven't
even explored
sauna after good workouts thank you guys
this is the library
whoa can you get up this yeah you have a
lot of books you need and I get to the
top shelf for the important excuse it's
gonna fall as stairs
where's echo no whoa is this a secret
lair up here yeah I'm guessing like
what's what is this I'm guessing there
secret hatches in this house or who's
wondering what's down the hallway my
fire but the view out this thing is
incredible yeah oh there's a door there
oh yeah that's a key door dude
this is quite a shower in here folks
oh yeah you do a yoga while taking a
shower
oh we have to figure out how to get
upstairs while they're here in the
closet
no way yeah what yes I love secrets
so is this technically still the closet
yeah I'd make this like a epic office
space yeah get to bed I'll get the bed
wake up in the morning come up here and
then just jump into bed if you made a
huge bet you think this is no fun this
is 1:30 I feel like James Bond in this
lady we're making our way through the
house literally we have no idea where
we're going give it this is the bathroom
I need some light intro oh this is a
bathroom there's no secret hatch in here
what what wait what is this I'm going I
see her door really yes
are you an Arnie on the secret doors out
here okay I'm coming up it's hard doing
this one hand we open it oh it's the
secret
that's not for playing shove it but
that's the secret room somebody's coming
hurry what's here what is that secret
door well there's a house niggers are
what dude you kidding okay you came to
light you can kind of see the end wall
doors who's here
what's that Chuck a ball alright let's
buy it see who's here
you read you loud oh dude what
racquetball court what is this where are
we what is it dude no I think movie
theater is a separate area
you got a bar right here here's the
movie theater what is this I hear
somebody whoa dude this is our sleepover
HQ found it perfect you tell me this is
not what you want your room to be like
this is bunk bed built into the wall
like all the way up here get your own
plug light we made it
oh here's a good height outlet no one I
ever see yes under here oh dude this
floorings
this is like if you fall guys all the
other guests haven't arrives there's
some other youtubers some cast members
Christmas to do see and food of course
Wow we did a good job we infiltrated the
house you just poured everything now
it's time to have fun
look at all this peace guys you know how
we've been looking for secret rooms I
think okay well I do see something a bit
off about this room oh yeah this has
raised up a lot yes no way what is this
dude get the flashlight oh there's a lot
of bulb what the no way yes dude whoa
it's bright
this is a closet secret closet okay this
is officially the coolest secret room
and what's this door
oh this is not secret room this is
electricity room always wanted really
stuck in here no one knows about this
secret room and I don't have my phone
and mine's gonna die look look how blend
it in that is that's so cool so seven
secret rooms I don't even know if we
have time even explore seven but this
house is so big there it's probably the
truth that was so cool all right guys
this is the end of the vlog what a cool
experience that was being able to
explore such a cool house like that
definitely want to do hide and seek in a
mansion I think that would be fun so
guys leave a like if you want us to do
something like that
thanks for watching hope you guys have a
great rest err day I hope you know that
you are loved unique and important in
this life and you have purpose so see
you next time goodbye
