what good morning everyone and welcome
to a new day over here at b√∂rje steel
hi guys oh hey oh hey we're dressing up
like cows right now why is that because
we do then chick-fil-a is gonna give us
free food yes if you guys didn't watch
yesterday's vlog DJ has arrived to hang
with us it's been way too long if you
got you have you guys missed DJ hello
give it a like if you miss DJ that's how
he's fueled he goes off like so the more
likes kindly cut out that doesn't sound
too bad
black cow circles so this is gonna look
good I am a good cow yes I am are you
posting an Instagram yes no hang on hang
on what if chick boy is pranking us and
we don't even need to dress up with cows
then we're gonna look like a bunch of
idiots we're a chick-fil-a truck that's
reached
oh and the line is crazy out there
they're busy Oh freak a balloons
oh I'm desperate for food do we just
take a free balloon this is my balloon
my holy crap hey bro no like we're kind
of like mediocre cows compared everyone
felt like we might have overdid it an
hour we underdone it what's not vogs he
says you do oh well thanks thanks for
saying hi to us well well
see you later who those guys are EPOC
cows Jane we should have put on the face
paints good oh here we go guys I got the
spicy chicken deluxe all this for free
what'd you get DJ spicy chicken - oh
yeah
spicy well done with the delicious lunch
and wrap them all we're doing a new
lifestyle prank today we're gonna go
grind some rails with our skateboard
just these skaters what kind of board
you riding dog I'm rocking me a like
tech deck Axl edition like the super to
let us sonar will see I got the custom
like red wheels on it rare I just got
our outfits we're ready for the prank we
just got to put him on got him for a
good deal how much was that box mr.
Bruce when I got this hoodie and Hat the
Hat was only a dollar so he made a good
point he's like this is a weird idea
that's super vision got my board got my
hat
and we're ready to print DJ you just
went into Zumiez right here that's the
first place we're getting cash from them
all and what's up man what's your name
and you apparently watch our videos
right
- thanks I just got to the skate park
it's right over there and DJ's gonna
make a cameo in this video yeah so
there's his skateboard the big block
there's a skate park folks DJ's got a
good clip now waiting for Andrew I said
be bites and P rolls chicken teks
there's some P rolls
hey man oh yeah can we get some chicken
Jimmy's some to Keith's beg bites and
some few rolls oh by the way did you
tech deck by the way why did they put in
the taco box what I was just gonna get
the sin advisor they're like a dollar or
whatever is that fourteen fifty look at
this copy guy going ham going ham yes
just cus we just got some caffee me and
Brittany and coconut mocha hey choking
in mocha is your name Carl
welcome to kangaroo coffee bye
all right what are we drinking today
just what do you think what should we
get well we have amazing well you're a
cow what do you recommend cow with a
beard milk chocolate
I'll just have pure milk and just pure
this guy this guy here just go home
gonna watch some TV with Brittany just
relax all right we're gonna go penny
boarding this evening but it's raining
out so annoying and hopefully soon me
and Brittany are gonna get like some new
boards so that'll be really cool but
just gonna relax now well guys don't
have any more footage for today's vlog
sometimes that happens we just don't
have enough footage any final words from
you comrade thanks for watching the
video thumbs it up did you have
something to say about shirts oh yeah I
did
so here's the real-life announcement
about shirts if you ordered a shirt we
want you to take a picture and tweet us
or Instagram it with you wearing it and
everybody does that will be entered into
a contest to win a gift card and we
might even give a gift card to you guys
watching so just leave a comment down
below just mini-game and we'll pay
someone to give a comment all right
we'll pick someone to give a gift card
to but also if you send us a picture of
you wearing this shirt you automatic
entered into a separate contest mm-hmm
you just hang it on that well we're
gonna play Catan now and we hope to see
you at VidCon because we all three will
be at VidCon you're gonna be a VidCon
right from there I promise
well you know
