good morning everyone good morning
everyone we're here at the post office
because we haven't checked our Pia box
in a long while my mom said she checked
it like two weeks ago and there's tons
we have a checked since then so I don't
know what to expect
my mom's in Uganda right now by the way
that's really cool building Wells out
there and whatnot so
we just finished filming of another
female video we opened the doll up got
some cool snacks Wow nasty dog that's
bound to happen there's a lot of nested
snacks in this world and we've tried
probably half of them boy oh man yeah
so do you want to go to this new skate
shop we haven't been to yeah we're gonna
go to a new skate shop so yeah see you
there
okay I think I'll get a small strawberry
limeade alright so I wanted to explain
what we're doing today from part of the
vlog I had a thought
how much drink do you actually get when
you order a drink I thought of this
because the other day we are at
Starbucks and Jacobs girlfriend got an
iced coffee and she couldn't even put
her straw in the cup because of so much
ice I was like how much coffee are you
actually getting in there with all the
ice in there so what we're doing today
we got a measuring cup we're gonna
filter out the ice with this and see how
much it's actually in there we're gonna
go to a sonic Starbucks and there's some
other places and see like which has the
best bang for your buck is sonic is
notorious for ice they thought this was
a 14 ounce drink so we're seeing how
much they have a little spilt on me so
it sucks it's okay we're seeing how much
they actually got it
I say we've got about stop wiggling
please
a little over cup a little over eight
houses yep and they said this was a
fourteen ounce drink that's why we pour
it back in the top ball see how much you
actually get
now do you want that much did you order
that much is the question I really
wanted like a full confidently well they
lied to you
Starbucks time
my name is chef what can I get you
hi I'll get a 12-ounce iced coffee you
got it
hi we're JC studios that's okay
we got that just regular 12 ounce iced
coffee
let's see what happens as you can see
this whole Starbucks glass is full of
ice sorry got all bounces up or slow so
you don't spill it everywhere I did go
this was supposed to be 12 ounces we've
got a little over four four look how
much ice is in here I know what that's
how much ounces you get on a 12 ounce
cup of coffee
so as you can see if you go to Starbucks
you're only gonna get about what four
ounces of coffee when you're supposed to
be ordering 12 ounces that's how much
they are gybing pour it back in the cup
and we'll get the excellent estimates
how much coffee you're paying for yep
really Starbucks you're gonna play us
like that what I'm trying to say is guys
if you go to Starbucks ask for no ice
because if you're asking if you're just
asking hey can I get an iced coffee
you're gonna get four ounces of coffee
not 12 next up chick-fil-a can I get a
12 ounces of lemonade yeah how many
ounces is in that Cup perfect here you
go Thanks
a lot closer to 12 yeah it's almost it's
probably nine actually nine ounces right
answers buzzing too much icing this guy
as you can see it almost fills the cup
Wow
so chick-fil-a yes good job chick-fil-a
we're done experimenting we're at oil
skate and snow and apparel we've never
seen this one before it's pretty new I
think but we wanted to check it out
because we you guys know we love skating
and one that's how I know an interesting
fact I have a high school friend that
does the designs for there's no way
that's epic
check out these shoes guys $140 like
cork board all these shoes are shoes
even the mall doesn't have this many
shoes vans nice a bunch of leaves
classic add to this damn boots doh
SiC
boy
I know watching why summer at all on
sale now they're all good deals
149 for ED Garrow they got some cool
boards here I want to get a cruise
resuming guys one of these small ones so
cool
dude this thing's $1,000 yeah what does
it do exactly it splits
it's a snowboard but when it knocked me
dude that is this is real wood $700 dang
these trucks are cool there's a few cool
ones in here yeah I think I've never
heard of them before
Thunder Thunder trucks
real subtle Cui's ooh also we have a
special guest coming in tonight and if
any of you follow me or Andrew on
Twitter you would probably know who it
is already so that's a benefit for
following him that's true so if you're
not I mean what are you waiting for
obviously we're at the mall checkout
zoomies and be seen what other boards
they got should we get these shoes guys
H&M has these shoes there 29.95 and as
zoomies dentistry i'll show you they
have pretty much the same shoes for like
60 bucks so pretty cool see very similar
style same colors they saw flamingos on
54 got this oh my gosh
and then here's the girl versions sixty
bucks as well I really want you to get
this one why let's fangirl shoes we have
some cool beach hats yeah I'll see like
right now I can't even tell you how to
hat off which is why it's a cool style
hey guys give a like if you think Justin
needs this hat for VidCon so we're just
all hats I do really want when these
like Safari hat so I might get one soon
Safari okay yeah let us try here's my
Safari yeah guys so looking gorgeous
yeah look at these baby shoes so thing
five a son I'll make sure he has some
rockin sneaks
back home and you just open up some mail
what he got here we applied for a
hunting license for our prog one but you
did instead I got a check for $1 check
for $1 and he was lucky yeah yeah
and I'm back with a special guest we
just received this in the mail actually
we got we asked him if we could try the
meze accompanied headphones if we could
try their new headphones and they said
yes so we want to open them for you guys
meze 11 classics if you remember we
opened their other brand and they're
really good actually yeah they're we use
them all time favorite headphones so
let's take a look the very nice ours or
white bag these are different than the
ones we have want to know why yeah
because it's not plastic cord what does
that mean let me show you
and it's man with real evany wood oh
it's cloth rope see this is one right
here yep
cripes yeah
cloth so much better Harry don't feel
that that just feels like very good oh
yeah I want to give these a sample okay
talk to me hey what's your favorite
color
huh can you share Wow those were good
can you share now No so I'm sampling
Andrews some Zed remix this is a
beautiful now ready set
hater hey drew I can't hear you
stop screaming just oh you're really
good stop yelling okay so for any tech
guys out there what is this all I don't
know what all this means but here's the
technical data
oh wait for any tech folks out there
enjoy well I left Andrew and now I'm at
King Soopers cuz Brittany's gonna make
some salmon and rice so I just gotta
pick it up real quick there you go
someone gave this to you and Mary Ann
the fan melon flavored lip balm yeah -
here we are
we made some delicious salmon with some
rice thanks Brett
thanks for watching today's vlog guys
and the special guest has arrived it was
late last night when he arrived but he's
here now and it is Andrew Andrew welcome
we're so glad to have you out the
driving man it was like five minutes
Oh a little underwhelming yeah but it
took all day so I was about 9 hours yeah
but I mean I do that all the time yeah
so you'll be seeing him and what do you
only stay here a day
alright well you guys will be hanging
with us for two days so we'll see you
tomorrow good bye
