good morning guys hey guys we are on a
nature Hawk today haha yeah nature hawk
Oh set hike with the whole clan so it's
a beautiful dance
hopefully we encounter some wild animals
this beautiful Colorado landscape just
chillin getting some water and join the
nice views out here it's quite hot
actually been sweating a bit right now
yeah how's the hike goin Bret that's
okay the guys are up there but we're
just chillin it's much better to take it
slow and enjoy the views but after it'll
be fun cuz Jacob and his girlfriend are
gonna be meeting us at Colton's house
and we're all gonna be making lunch and
playing games so it's gonna be a pretty
chill day hike down let the guys hike to
the top because we wanted to hike on
more flat ground and we wanted to see if
we can make it to the farmers market
before they were done so here sweet
enough to walk with me I feel really bad
I'm just telling her like you don't
gotta worry about that kind of stuff
because yeah everybody is different some
people like hiking more and some people
like doing other things more and that's
completely okay so you guys are ever on
a hike you don't gotta worry about
comparing yourselves to other people and
worrying about what they think because
it doesn't matter as long as you're
enjoying it then okay
being a gym lifting weights or something
yeah I'll do like a gym a lot well we'd
better slow down Britt so we just came
across Justin as his blinker on now I
don't know if this is weeds or flowers
yikes
looks like these white things are weeds
because who would plant all these two
just like that
guys we've made it to the farmers market
this is awesome
homegrown veggies suburban Unicom why
are we going to the grocery store oh
maybe maybe ever I don't know this looks
so good it's a bit windy out so I hope
you can hear me but maybe Brittany are
quite happy because we're under the
shade end up in a little bench here and
there's the farmers market we're waiting
for the fellas I feel like we walked Lee
come and get your fresh tomatoes yes
look it's the really first invention in
human history attire the cavemen did
this here they come the fellas have made
it
ha ha welcome back I'm all done with the
walk and everything and we got some
stuff we're making fresh salsa so we got
some jalapeno cilantro and strawberries
I got all the other ingredients so I'm
just so hungry I can't wait I'm
desperate
are you desperate I've been saying that
a lot lately
yes rich guys there's Jacob by the way
there's Jacob the whole gang is here
don't pickle thanks Jess remember Jade
skies no oh what he got Co know what do
we got cooked you got chicken farm the
noodles and it's not electric
holy crap shit I got ya and the ladies
are here as well it's a big potty up in
here yes making the chicken about it
we got there our favorite game to play
outside this summer spike ball it's very
fun yeah he likes it a lot then get over
there I also got really sunburned as you
can probably tell
ouch I keep doing this do some tricks or
some fellas goodness come on out in
front and over the top of it go Gonzales
the other night struck out on a high
fastball bout letter hi here's the set
the 3-2 pitch a wild pitch back to the
screen scoring from third as hallasan
yes ha ha gotcha fellas nothing a dud
yeah Jake have never played baseball
so whoa that was a laser beam
driving home now folks but da whoa
AUSA's next to us what time is it 9:45
this is almost time for bed not really
almost not really summer here you go
see ya
Mary's driving
Wow
oh well that was a really fun day we all
haven't hung out with just the guys in
like the longest time so it was good to
see them all again and I forgot to put
on sunscreen for the hike which I should
have done that since I got really
sunburned it's a little better today
since it's been a day but I want to show
you what stuff we use when we do get a
sunburn
it's just this aloe vera mist says it's
90 percent pure organic aloe I know
aloes good for you after you get some
Sun it also found this stuff which it's
good for after Sun smells good and it
just feels good so that's what we use
before way in the blog we if you
remember a few vlogs ago we mentioned
how on a road trip I accidentally
deleted all the footage from one day out
in Utah and we went ATVing went on a two
hikes and went to a waterfall it's so
unfortunate that that footage got
deleted I'm just I was so mad at myself
I'm an accident everything but the good
thing is we had some GoPro footage from
the waterfall in a TV so so I'll show
you all that right now with some chill
music so sit back and enjoy let me tell
you this older you do get more rules are
gonna try to get you to follow you just
gotta keep living man Li VI in
anyway thanks for watching today's vlog
guys also before we go we will be at
VidCon next week if you haven't heard of
VidCon I don't know where you've been
but it's next week and me and Dru Mary
Brittany are all doing a road trip down
there so if any of you will be out in
California at VidCon maybe we'll see you
there
we'd love to meet you come say hi to all
of us so that's a word oh I guess we'll
see you tomorrow
all right
