good morning everyone we are back in
Colorado from the road trip
it was very fun moving on we are headed
up to Denver right now I mean Andrew
heading back up to do a prank we tried
it out yesterday and it was we'll
explain later but yeah today's vlog
we're going to be doing the prank we're
visiting our old apartment as you can
probably tell by the title and just
revisiting some old places that we used
to visit while we lift up there so it'll
be a fun time are you excited yeah
we decided we want to visit our
apartment first and we've just made it
to our all apartments but no you see yes
guys this is where we used to live the
breakers in Denver I know we never told
you that because obviously there's no
point telling you but we don't live here
anymore so we're gonna see like what's
new here they built the new restaurant
so we're gonna get some food for lunch
so should be fun alright we're just
going to leasing Center
here's old Lake man
yeah one thing I don't miss about this
apartment is the billions of goofs all
over the place and all there on the road
and we were trying to get here in their
spoo everywhere do you miss it here yes
now this I don't know if you guys
remember watching our blogs but holy
crap this looks completely different do
these chairs
this looks so awesome yeah they were
building that somewhere moving house now
it's insane
do any of you remember this Wow they
built these little bars here that's cool
with the pool
why yes I know holy craps even the
bathroom to spend upgraded Hey lunch is
arrived I just got the burger and the
intern got what is this it's a wrap
that's like spicy chicken so happy meals
YUM sounds delish I'm playing Yahtzee so
see if you guys want to see how to
properly roll a good Yahtzee hand
dangerous gonna be very pissed after
this what do I have
we need the thighs all right not a
problem let's keep these fives here just
give it a little twist here don't need
that or that no of that Eve you son
oh really you're gonna regret this crap
5 yeah 15 no if you want to see a real
role you do this you build yourself a
barrier and you throw the dice into them
see that was nothing what do you talk
about 1 2 3 4 5 Oh Dustin rolled this by
the way I will be accepting this honor
guys we've made it to our old apartment
the patio they put bikes on it yeah
that's where we lived and this is the
tree that we put all of the leaves on
Kevin's car right here good times
who's doing that goodbye goodbye old
apartment until next time Andrew why
don't you tell him about the rent oh
yeah we just asked them because we were
curious what rent goes for now when we
lived here with Kevin our around was
like 1,100 a month for two bedrooms not
that bad
and she said now a one-bedroom here is
going for 1,200 and a two-bedroom is
1,500 a month
what the heck is up with Denver like the
rising prices it's not fair eleven
hundred for two bedrooms on that back
yeah especially for this kind of area
this complex is like awesome just
I remember reading recently that Aurora
part of Denver it's like one of the
fastest-rising
apartment prices in the country is that
right yeah
it's not very pleasant to hear now we're
back in at the hole King Soopers as well
today is just a day full of old memories
and good times probably the one vlog
where I me and Kevin were here and then
this guy almost started a big fight just
watch that blog recently yeah yeah yeah
we did we did singing here singing in
the grocery store just so many goofy
times but anyway it's the main reason
why we are here today is to get some
donuts
why because the prank we're doing today
involves donuts hops King Soopers has
doughnuts for cheap like a dollar 84
yeah I got one you got one there are
three dollars and sixty cents for this
whole box yeah Kevin the Sheila hood
like the timing incised what happened as
our plots jy sits joy since for today's
prank we're actually don't have delivery
boys we went to this local doughnut shop
and just bought their shirts so we can
like look at like legit doughnut guys
this is a basic sure you know so mom be
good before we get to pranking what are
we doing now don't just open a some of
the local high spots for apartments yeah
average ever since we lived up in Denver
we always would see these super nice
apartments so I always wanted to go see
him I never got the chance to do so now
why not
this one I forget can we look it up once
the top floors and million dollars yeah
I think I don't know hopefully only give
us a tour I never mind about this place
couldn't even get through the main door
they don't give tours and like it was
like locked you had to get permission to
get through so I feel like rich people
live here or something
famous people but we'll go to a
different one right yeah new one that
just built is gonna be the next one
here's the leasing office this is like
right and Cherry Creek downtown Cherry
Creek area
that's very nice yeah our hotel has
seriously Wow well let's go in
see the view that's
oh my gosh this view the whole city if
it wasn't cloudy you can see all
that's cool I just got out of this the
steel Creek luxury rentals my goodness
this is nice we just checked the prices
and for the smallest studio which is
like 571 square feet it's about two
thousand dollars a month and the biggest
one which is 1,500 square feet at two
bedrooms like almost five thousand
dollars a month so you can say things
are getting pretty serious here the
pricey
yikes but let me just say it was right
there and they're building all these
restaurants and shops underneath it so
it's like no my husband from New York it
does it really does even the malls right
there look but I can cost everything we
have arrived to downtown Denver yeah
it's the 16th Street Mall here's we're
pregnant and yes people are here I'm so
glad it's not raining because if it
didn't Oh
solids of blood
we just found a parking spot took
forever said reverse pact
unfortunately it's starting to rain a
little bit so hopefully it just doesn't
rain too much but I look like a doughnut
boy yep
Donuts fellas 60 streetball you're
searching for the cops can't find them
where are they I don't know searching
searching if you guys remember we did
firing cops prank at this location
there's there's usually always cops
around here but the rain just scare them
all off at this we finally found a group
of cops they were friendly but they took
the first box
oh they did take two but Justin got the
other one back I was trying to convince
him he almost wouldn't let me have both
boxes back they were so desperate for
doughnuts Park Meadows why are we here
we are in Denver Colorado filming more
pranks oh but why the mall because
there's mall cops yeah we ran out of
cops at 16th Street Mall so we got to
get some mall cops we got a new box
because the other one it was raining you
got all soggy was like falling apart
yeah it sucked so hopefully there's some
desperate cops in here yeah I'm having
that one later if he doesn't take it
yeah I promise
finished up at the mall and I just gotta
say the best part about pranking with
doughnuts is you get to eat the donut
after you put this whole box oh I might
you can give some to Aaron and
yeah perhaps somebody else wants a donut
besides me I don't know you guys want
some yes what bye bye hey oh if you well
guys thanks for watching today's vlog
it's really fun hope you enjoyed it and
I hope you enjoyed the little Easter
eggs we threw in there I will know we
wanted to see if any of you would catch
like some of the old memories we brought
back to life let us know in the comments
if you've got them all otherwise we'll
see you tomorrow alright
