check this out guys cool well they even
got a little hiking trails down there
that's awesome well we left the other
campsite and now we are arriving at the
Grand Canyon Brittany has never been to
the Grand Canyon before so this is going
to be a very good experience for her it
was about a three-edged three-hour drive
it's not bad at all we're just waiting
to get in here he's got a pay thank you
we found wild bison did the baby sir all
up here oh they're so cute and you're
going to squeeze them the little guy oh
man we stopped to get out what are you
doing fix ah you got the nice can hear
every day I can't see anything no but
see that's why I gotta love nature just
wild animals full sex it's also annoying
me all these dang bugs are all over the
windshield guys I'm gonna go get a
selfie with one of them do not
Justin I've just gift I knew they would
get very concerned we made you the new
campsite it's time for lunch for snacks
these are bagel with peanut butter
basically lunch turkey and peanut butter
shut up setting up again oh yeah I got a
good spot under the trees I better help
alright so we just set up camp which is
like right over there but they also have
a general store so let's go take a look
this is snack heaven yes all sorts of
food snacks you're gonna have like a
little coffee shop some wild animals
uh-huh hey and Wi-Fi we're just gonna
check on a couple things and not use the
Wi-Fi because who has wife Evan are
camping in Miami not hey yeah not us
almost there we've made it to the lodge
which means the rim is right over here
I'm not joking guys it smells like food
Delta I want that you can't wait now
what them restaurant can we go dad
please ha here it is guys the Grand
Canyon back in 14 PC there's a big
explosion in this Canyon which caused it
to craters yeah the tour guide just told
us that there's such great views it
makes people tired
it's beautiful here we made it to the
edge of the world guys isn't it crazy
right on the edge of dime fill your
water balls pure clean Grand Canyon
water
go right ahead guys the gift shop now
they have lots of presents the Grand
Canyon baseball all right books - pretty
cool shop I guess fill the back
these magno rocks oh yeah I remember
getting this as a kid yeah kids love
Magnavox watch out stuck in a hurry you
guys having a good time above the ground
not a sound
great horned owl looks around alright
yeah we got a convenient water spigot
here it's very good at removing bugs
kumbaya my lord kumbaya
it's about the time again for dinner hi
we have a ala carte meal going on here
or playing games in the tent it was ring
we're going on a family nature Hulk and
we got it all this pass over there which
we maybe can go to good luck this is my
stick alright now that we're up here to
the new zone we're playing baseball and
we have two collected tons of baseballs
make it a pinecones we're going to be
smashing them into the Grand Canyon turn
harder than you think
yeah let's see it nice there you go
single there's a interesting lizard
right here okay
once you grab him hey I touched him we
can't get him what should we name him
I've never seen like a wild woods guys
put in the comments what we should name
him he's so cute
you ready to go back home bye
so we just found a squirrel but this
grows unique it's a black squirrel with
the yellow tail or a white hair
bye-bye want to know a good thing about
this campsite showers and laundromat so
we all just got showers and feels great
since we haven't been able to shower in
the last two days cuz I found a little
baby bird you can't fly yet and it's
starting to rain you gotta be okay yes
there's my hand Cuffy we're getting rain
yeah so baby grilled cheese sandwiches
on the fire with tomato soup yeah I can
do all right got a late start but what
time is it 9:30
oh nice I was going I can't see us but
go into the local convenience store it's
actually literally right by our campsite
we're right there
yeah it's right there yeah Oh
bedtime again throw light guess we'll
see you tomorrow
any final words Thanks yeah thanks for
watching this vlog guys hit the like
button if you're having a good time with
us if you're not all right
I don't want to
