well howdy everybody and welcome back to
more Jase - boy do we got an experience
for you guys today I'm actually quite
scared at this very moment are you this
is something I don't know
I said minute I'm just I guess loves me
but Ed you're tellin what's happening
right now there's a really cool
opportunity that this lady is taking
doing a photo shoot with some wolves I'm
not sure if you guys have ever heard of
Jennifer Eileen but she is an incredible
photographer and basically does some
insane photo shoots with all sorts of
animals and so we got in contact with
her we got Britney here today we got
Mary here as well and she's here in
Colorado with the wolves anyway
guys let's go I think I see it looks
like a dog I am so excited right now
this is so cool
what do we do okay so this is her
Instagram there's clearly no service
here but when we get service will show
you guys by the way guess what who else
is joining us today for this photo shoot
if you just saw if you've been watching
us everyday who's here we got Keith back
again and we got Paige oh yeah Wow guys
almost coming up Andrew is going first
and we got a real life ooh my here he is
oh my
Oh guys food cool she smell Kevin yeah
like what dog that fur and that is
Jennifer Eileen right there
let's get a little closer so we can see
the action
yeah like anyone get it selfie selfie so
now looks like he's gonna do some
close-ups Wow and he's already that big
dude he really what's happening now Oh
jump he's gonna jump on you oh cool
whoa about as tall as Andrew looks like
my turn
first time touching an actual oh I think
I did we still friendly oh you want a
belly rub so how many wolves do you guys
have why don't you by the way why don't
you introduce yourself to our audience
adding a Arctic in the springtime she we
got Chloe over there in the enclosure
over there so what is your whole
organization about like what do you guys
deal it's about wolf conservation and we
just want to show the general public
that they're not these vicious animals
and like trophy hunting goes wrong
because they're not aggressive or
anything like they're very sweet
absolutely
that's so cool love his eyes you're so
friendly aren't you buddy yeah
well that was a super cool experience so
hope you guys are enjoying this so far
being so close to wolves whoa did you
just rip it
you weren't kidding he loves flowers
even if they're fake don't matter still
yummy
hi so this is the other one oh yeah you
want to come out half wolf Leonidas over
here's a full wolf he wants the snacks
that's a good one
Justin's being a decoy it reminds me of
doing baby pictures and you've got like
a little like they found a rock yeah
Justin where's your flower dress there's
the other wolf what's her name well
Chloe
oh right there for some pictures
oh geez oh hi got ya
Wow so Church thoughts on wolves I love
them they are so friendly they're not
like what you see in the movies maybe
some of them if you're in their
territory in the wild jacket here
normally beautiful animals full of
energy changes just look at him and they
don't shed like dogs so that's plus
here's the United in his yeah he said
guys I'm not done with pictures yeah
Chloe was growling kind of scaring me
but making sounds not angry just me
alone you're not gonna be invited back
every time you burp he goes
he's been waiting for this all year oh
yeah
he's getting a nice massage from
everybody so we're gonna try they see
the flowers come here buddy I haven't
seen Mary yet why can i play with Mary
who are you here should I get him - how
so Unitas
yeah we're friends now yeah cuz we held
together oh just like this and y'all
locked in a public place not here okay
so getting an Arctic is arctic wolf back
guys go check out their Instagram Aspen
Valley wolves will leave a link in the
description got check it out and guys
make sure to check out Jennifer Eileen
on Instagram Facebook as well she does
this you guys can do this you can book
her she travels all around the world so
here's her card she just gave us
facebook.com Instagram I come guys go
check it out well guys this experience
was seriously incredible so much fun I
encourage you guys check out any
experiences maybe where you live where
you don't normally get to interact with
a certain animal it's pretty cool
definitely and like you mentioned all
the links in the description of
everything you guys should check out
Jennifer Aspen Valley wolves you can see
the pictures Jennifer took on both of
our instagrams coming soon so I'm so
excited to see them so we haven't seen
them yet
yeah it's gonna be awesome I just know
they yeah guys leave a like if you love
animals like we do
and we'll see you back here tomorrow
good myself laughs daily guys
